The DOJ is so corrupt that it is beyond redemption and must be abolished and replaced with a new institution that truly is committed to justice.
Deport all illegal aliens with no free lunch anymore.  Giving our treasure away to illegal aliens while those who fought to defend you , go without. Eventually no one will be willing to volunteer for service anymore. https://t.co/1kfTDLcCmE
@LanaLokteff Communists have no problem injecting themselves with toxins that they cant even pronounce let alone comprehend the affects that they will have on them. They also have no problem using government violence upon all others to do as they do
@PriscellaAlden @Nature_and_Race The bankers run the military industrial complex and own both political parties,  media and academics just to name a few. The enemy we face is an international cabal that desperately wants global gov. With themselves in control.
@Nature_and_Race Anything less then fighting for a white homeland is a waste of time. Im not going to go around trying to assauge people with racial hatred and prejudice. I sinply wish to seperate from them entirely. At least 1/3 of the white race is beyond hope right now.
@RussiaBot9000 @a_Pepe_life They cant DIRECTLY just means dont get caught.  If a jew throws u in a pit and you die of starvation thats considered kosher. The talmud also states. " even the best of the gentiles must be killed." ,gentiles are less then insects." There are many contridictions in the talmud
I renounce as an abomination to the nation, all of the abortion, atheism, satanism,  sodomy, tyranny, marxism, terrorism, of the zealot leftwing neoliberals
@Wills_Place @DeplorablAnnJoy @ILMFOrg Murkowski is a neoliberal that has got to be exspelled from the republican party. Any  republican that fights the president on border security will be defeated in the next primary.
@Nick_732 The English are soon to be extinct. Muslims will own the U.K. in less then 25 years
@Celt410 @TanyaCornfield @westland_will Its a crime that natural born Americans and our vets go without assistance when illegal aliens get everything including money,  housing, healthcare, and education. Most of them even vote now in sactuaray states. At some points the real Americans are gonna take America back
Anti-capitalism is anti-American
@westland_will The primary proof that America is socialist is our central bank . The federal reserve is a private monopoly over the monetary system owned by the Rothschild, Shiff, Warburg, Koeb Loeb, Lazards, Goldman &amp; Sachs jewish mafia
Anyone else notice how the federal govt refuses to hold any state accountable for violating its citizens 2nd Amendment rights? Yet the Fed. Gov has no problem enforcing other codes and statutes that are not even protected under the Constitution. https://t.co/KFoL3oq7k3
@JudgeJeanine @cr14carlson The audacity of the leftwing media to claim that some youbg rich and famous actor is so stressed that he had to fake a hate crime.during a time when the nation is already volatile. He was doing this for his political allies in hollywood  "by any means necedsary" is their motto
Freedom is what unites us. https://t.co/prhc73RuzC
@Nature_and_Race They tried to tell me that George Washington was really black and so was King George of England. Theyre obviously a group of the intellectually impaired
I really dont understand President Trumps selection of Bill Barr to be his A.G. .another recycled swamp thang from the Bush admin. like John Bolton. Barr praised Rod Rosenstein even after Rosensteins attempted coupe and his refusal to provide Congress with subpoenaed documents..
After witnessing the money changers turning the temple into a marketplace Jesus went outside and proceeded to fashion a whip from cordage. He then entered the temple and turned over the money changers tables and began to whip them until they all ran outside and away.
@LanaLokteff @Nick_732 Psuedo conservatives support Israel. True American Conservatives acknowledge and understand that israel is an enemy to all humanity and nature.
@Airbornex82nd @cr14carlson @POTUS Just think about all of the muslims that had the collective power to elect it .
Sic semper socialista https://t.co/BW135xVopJ
@Eugene36631774 The DOJ ought to be abolished. This dept. has been rogue for decades and now we witness just why its so important for any agency to be subject to strict oversight. The DOJ is beeing used to usurp the president with an a roving illegal "special prosecutor". Open treason
New Yorkers have the audacity to lecture Americans about the environment when New York city produces more trash then any other city in the world!!!
@NickJFuentes @GoyWritesWhat AIPAC bought out CPAC  now that theyve trashed the democrat party with their unlimited noney, their infiltrating and subverting the GOP to continue their agenda.Until we get rid of AIPAC the most powerful largest (monopoly) lobby in the U.S.
@BadlyDrawnJerm @JackLon09169906 Thats the jews in hollywood pushing the same thing here in the States. Miscegenation to demoralize and weaken the nation. Thats what parasites do. Weaken the host until health becomes illness then death. While they only encourage for jews to marry other jews.
When the more liberal candidate defeats the incumbent in a primary the democrats rally around the winner. If a conservative defeats a rino the neocons support the democrat. The republican party is CONTROLLED OPPOSITION the New World Order money masters own both parties!
Semitism is a group of religious zealots claiming that the talmud gives them title to the whole entire world and everyrhing therein. It is their birthright and that all non jews are less then insects and are to be slaves or if they refuse they will die.
@DLoesch Background checks violate both the spirit and the letter of the law of the land. These so called background checks have historically been used as defacto- registrations and employed during gun cobfiscations to disarm the public. Then the public is robbed their property and lives
@westland_will @MarkBrahmin The jews have a very long history of marrying into gentile families in order to redirect or capture the gentile families wealth. This is what is happening with Ivanka. . Shes not as smart as her well crafted public inage would have us believe.
@RyanAFournier The left are domestic enemies of tge Constitution. They have bought and coerced many republicans also.
If we the people do not immediately demand that these unconstitutional secret courts be disbanded and abolished they will eventually expand their power until it permeates our whole entire justice system. Secret Courts are illegal and those involved are criminals.
@Nature_and_Race Alex Jones only reads the jewish soviet propaganda. He refuses to do an objective reveiew of ww2 because he knows the truth but he doesnt want to rattle the chain of the beast.
After more then 12 yrs of public education, including a degree in biology in college. I never heard the name Nikola Tesla mentioned. The greatest and moist prolific scientist and onventor in world history was completely erased from the curriculum A conspiracy to conceal his work
If all the government has to do is call you a terrorist, to strip you of your supposed UNALIENABLE RIGHTS, then that govt is no longer a lawful Constitution govt.,  but it has become an illegitimate tyrannical institution. The federal gov currently imprisons people in this manner
@PatrickCaseyIE AIPAC is behind this.
@jeffgiesea @tradwhitewife Her statement is pure projection9. Shes seeking a response in order to affirm her own complexes.
" we' ll keep the Europeans and Americans busy with having to defend their sons, daughters, and homes from the horde of aliens that we will let pour into their borders. Since we control their governments they wont be able to stop it, even if they want to"- said jew know who
The only answer to those zealots obsessed with destroying our Constitution and our national borders in order to make a global govt., is to permenently expell them from our nation . Then they can appreciate and respect our Sovereignty .
RT @NRA: We had a great conversation today with @RepDanCrenshaw about how #HR8 and #HR1112 exist to limit our constitutional rights under t…
@beaves_dad @AnnCoulter These whites were indentured servents taken off the streets of London , captives from Scottland and Ireland. They had a life expectancy of 2 yrs. Worked to death so master could evade paying "freedom dues". African slaves were highly valued and protected by law like a mans horse
@AnnCoulter Thomas Sowell is correct but people only listen if a black man says it.  Blacks in America have nothing to complain about..Life in the U.S. is better then any African tyranny. The fact that blacks are violent to Americans despite record opportunity ,says alot about their race
The corrupt illegitimate federal govt can bestow the pope himself with citizenship ,as well as every other person on Earth, but it does NOT make them Americans. Most U.S. citizens are not Americans, but have had the govt give them false identity, against the consent of America!
@ChatByCC @realDonaldTrump Idiots. There is no point having a federal govt. If we cant define and protect our national borders from invasion. I expected this fromthe fake rhino liberals that have invaded the republican party like Hurd and Amish, but not Massie. They should all be ousted next cycle.
RT @NRA: .@Jim_Jordan is back to reiterate how dangerous #HR8 and #HR1112 really are. "Universal" background checks lead to a national regi…
One has to be silly stupid, ignorant, or in denial about who is behind the well organized effort to flood Europe and America with illegal aliens. Not to serve or assimilate, but to supplant the native population with a much more docile controllable herd of future debt slaves.
If capitalism were replaced with socialism l in America, and people made the same amount regardless of position.Most people that had difficult jobs that made good money would simply quit and seek a job with less work and responsibility. Nature takes the path of least resistance!
If 15 dollars an hour is a living wage, then all of the democrat socialists in government should make 15 dollars an hour.
RT @NRA: Thank you, @RepMarkWalker, for defending our right to self-defense! #2A Every single NRA member and gun owner must contact their m…
@RepMarkMeadows This is an old game by the democrats. The did not say a single word about executive power when Obama was president. Since democrats are the primary abusers of executive power we llwait until theyre back in power to revisit the issue.
Rod Rosenstein's wife represented the Clintons as a U.S Attorney and she also represented Robert Mueller. The DOJ is the sword and sheild of the deep state. This is why theyve invented the special prosecutor to attack the President if he dared to exercise oversight over the DOJ.
Any State that attempts to evade the Constitutional integrity of Federal elections must be excempted and prohibited from participating in federal elections..		Democratic Governor Signs Bill Allowing State To Potentially Bypass Electoral College https://t.co/u7WHOFd1LH
People that actually abide by the law and work hard can almost never get any assisstance or aid because "they make too much" yet the state will give to illegal aliens ,drug addicts ,drug dealers, because they make no money, free housing, food assisstance, and even spending money
N*gg*rs are turning U.S. cities into 3rd world diseased sewers. All of the billions spent isnt helping. If they want to live in tents and huts then they belong back in Africa not the civilized world. We dont need them for labor anymore. We've got robotics to meet our demands now.
Democrats were screaming in the streets because ICE refuses to let human traffickers use children as a ticket to get into our nation illegally. Then they support the brutal slaughter of innocent babies. As atheists its so easy for democrats to be amoral or ethically flippant
If you are a christian you can NOT support abortion. The bible clearly reveals that GOD said " GO FORTH AND PROCREATE " Is the first commandment given to mankind in the bible.
If you use terms like the n-word, then you've been socially neutered. Our Founding Fathers would be shocked.
Background checks are actually defacto gun registrations and will be used against firearm owners if the govt decides to do door to door confiscations in the future https://t.co/9kPTzfErRm
@Nature_and_Race The collection of malevolent discontents and criminals with violent tendencies are used by socialist movement to coerce,  threaten, intimidate, and suppress all resistance by the people.After the socialists take power they kill the thugs that they used to get there. No loose ends
During communist revolutions, ANTIFA type groups target the homes and addresses of anyone that opposes them politically, arriving in vans in the middle of the night to kill them in their own homes. U.S. -ANTIFA will continue to escalate violence because thats their modis operandi
@ScrewedHumans Democrats are domestic enemies. Progressivism means to abandon the principles of natural law and rights for some ambiguous socialist nightmare. We have to purge the entire academic world, or else theyll succeed in turning enough of our youth against capitalism and Constitution
Western media has been subverted by the socialists. Theyre using the free media to promulgate their socialist agenda. Attacking and undermining our president. Theyre using our 1st Amendment to manipulate and decieve the masses.
@Nature_and_Race The many signs of decadence and degeneracy. It is essential that the future of the Aryan race experience a true spiritual rebirth and or renaissance. The West suffers from an over abundance of emotionally immature adults.
@ramzpaul Ivanka is really a neoliberal. She tries to tenper it because of her dad, but at the same time we all see Trump entertaining his daughter's neoliberal proclivities. Anyone that converts from christianity backward to judaism is a very confused person.Shes a modern supetficial girl
@bjcreigh @Jim_Jordan Background checks are actually defacto gun registrations. Anyone that has purchased a firearm and submitted to a background check ought to be aware that any firearm purchased in this manner will be the target of confiscations. Under the Constitutution all free men have the Right
@Jim_Jordan D-Domestic E-Enemies M-Malevolents  O-Obstructionists C-Criminals R-Racists A-Atheists T-Traitors. =[DEMOCRAT]
Only the archetypal silver bullet can kill the parasitic vampire. In the same way a Silver Bullet will also kill the fiat fractional reserve banking cartel that forces whole nations into perpetual debt slavery. Silver is the real money of the American Revolution and Constitution.
Upon observing the debauchery of the Vatican ,im certain that they didnt prohibit ussery because of morality or virtue rather they conspired with the Jews so only they shall have a monopoly over usury Then the vatican takes its cut. Today the Rothschild controls the vatican bank
@westland_will Jewish supremacy goes unmentioned when its far more prevalent then the ethnocentricty of any other group. If whites are so fragile that having people calling them racist is enough to make them coward, then there is no hope. The enemy has acomplished their goal. Sic semper judea!
Raising the voting age to at least 21is a start. A weighted system would compensate for the professors vote compared to the teenager who has no idea what the Bill of Rights says.The 2 votes are not, and should NOT be equal. The more u know the more ur vote should be worth.
So many of our youth have been programmed and INFLAMED by their marxist teachers to hate their own race, nation, heritage, and Constitution.Our youth should be enjoying the best years of their lives but instead theyre being used by the neoliberals to foment their socialist revolt
The media, hollywood, and our corrupt two party duopoly continue to admonish antisemitism, as the worst, yet never is there any further discussion as to what semitism actually is and why are there so many against it? They do their best to prevent reasonable debate on this topic
@MarkACollett The British are a subjugated people. Theyve not been free since the days of the English Republic. The right to keep and bear arms is part of the English Declaration of Rights. However the jews subverted England and turned it into their British Empire intent on world domination.
@SSS_gov What about equality? Is selective service gender bias or sexist. Why dont teenage girls have to sign up for the draft like all of our boys do? I dont hear any of the feninists complainibg or protesting about that. No, feminists are only interested in destroying our patriot archy!
What is the democrat party going to do to get white workers to vote their way again? What kind of identity political strategy and lies will they employ to try to win back those that theyve been stabbing in the back  and giving away all of our nation's treasure to illegal aliens!
@KimJenkins12 @NeverTrumpTexan @Jim_Jordan @JDRucker Hillary Clinton destroyed subpoenaed federal records that she had on her illegal private server.. Comey covered for her. Classified docs have been compromised.Clinton colluded with Russians to produce the fake dossier that Obama used Fisa and DOJ to undermine a political opponent
@NeverTrumpTexan @Jim_Jordan @JDRucker Insubordination IS a violation of law and grounds for immediate termination.The Constitution gives absolute authority to the President to terminate as he sees fit, anyone that he chooses. I guess itll finally sink in when Trump remains President and gets re elected to 4 more yrs.
@ramzpaul Women ought to serve in an auxillary position in the armed forces.Nurses, administration,and 	many other positions except for combat. If our women foresake the congeniality of woman/ motherhood to become warriors our society will collapse.Our daughters should never be conscripted
@StefanMolyneux @TheIndieBill Despite having the richest resources, anple land and population, theyve never established anything similar to what the white race has been creating for at least the past six thousand years. They used to try and claim Egypt was built by them, but DNA has proven Ramses2 was Aryan
@TheIndieBill @StefanMolyneux Africa has had thousands of years to develop without any contact from the white race.Tribal warfare, slavery, genocide, cannabalism, and human sacrifice, plague the African Continent except for apartheid areas Africa still remains a hunter &amp; gather society living in mud huts
@StefanMolyneux It is uawful to mutilate ones child. Giving them no choice. Circumcision must be reserved for the individual to make that choice when theyre an adult. I suspect their would be alot less men getting circumcised.Especially considering rabbis chew the foreskin off and suck the blood
@NeverTrumpTexan @Jim_Jordan @JDRucker Insubordination for starters. Further if he had probable cause to do what he did, let him present it. He hasnt done this and claims it was a big joke because he has no evidence to support such an accusation. Dems may despise Trumps politics ,but its not an excuse to abuse the law
@Jim_Jordan Rosenstein is a traitor and a criminal. Send him to Guantanamo Bay.
Only those already infected with Trump derangement syndrome could believe this story. She only wishes that he'd kissed her.		Breaking: Fmr. Staffer Suing Trump, Charges Non-Consensual Kiss, &amp;#8216;Credible Witnesses&amp;#8217; Denying Story https://t.co/l7noLy7cZY
Democrats don't care about judicial precedent ,they only care about using precedent f it furthers or preserves their political power. The Supreme Court ruled the New Deal unconstitutional, so the liberals simply packed the court with liberal justices and then signed by tyrant FDR
After blatantly deceiving the People again with Iraq, U.S intelligence Services don't deserve our blind support for whatever military campaign they want us to bleedfor, sacrifice our sons and treasure for.  I trust that President Trump will grow while in office and so far so good
ANTIFA are terrorists that must be shipped off to Guantanamo Bay prison or given capitol punishment for their capitol offenses.!!!
@lynnerlou72 @Nature_and_Race @dasjudge Its sad when so many Americans really think that theyre going to get an accurate or truthful historical acount from television, is intellectually pathetic. Especially with the jewish domination of Hollywood. Only an objective inquiry into the history will provide the truth.
@Nature_and_Race TRANSFER AGREEMENT the actual solution between jews and Germans. Jews packed themselves onto trains because the first come gets the first pick of farms, homes and jobs.Most jews went to Palestine Holocaust propaganda was used by jews to extort monetary reparations from Germany.
@RyanAFournier Thats alot of money ,only to be much more ignorant then before you went to school. Its worse to be programmed with half baked theories and marxist lies of modern universities. Best to avoid campus and pursue other means. Refuse to lose, dont send your children to college anymore
@PKsbpdl We gotta fight for our country... for real this time.. not another bogis military campaign/ occupation for the Rothschild mafia. This time our race is on jeopardy. The zionist are on the warpath because they see a real possibility for world dominiation like their talmud predicts.
@TOOEdit Warren is a poser .. shes not an American.
Whotes unite to preserve your Rights! https://t.co/JPJrOt7QD7
@westland_will Trump appointments have been atrocious. Hes recycled mostly neocons into his administration. This is because of his subnission to the zionist jrws. Out of all the great Americans to choose from. Trump has allowed for treason to occur and has let the DOJ operate like a rogue govt.
The consequences of allowing the perversions and twisted ideologies of the so called social justice warriors of the gay movement to be taught to our youth has been devastating. Its been a great source of distress and confusion to our children during the challenges of adolescence.
@Nature_and_Race Real men take full responsibility for their actions. Only criminals  and degenerates look to evade accountability. Such a lack of integrity and virtue in our society since the satanic synagogue of  jews have dominated and poisoned the well pf mass media and popular culture.
African Americans in 2019 are unique. Most of their genetics have some caucasian genes from past mixing. Compared to the African population thats pure black with no caucasian genes.The difference in intelligence is significant. The fusion of white genes improved their intellect
Justice finally for the first time the perpetrator of anti white hate crime hoax is being prosecuted for engaging in a false fag attack. 		&amp;#8216;Empire&amp;#8217; Actor Jussie Smollett Charged with Felony for Filing False Police Report https://t.co/q5gZi7KXxr
Liberals passed laws that create gun free zones on schools, churches,and other highly populated areas.They did this knowing that the obvious consequence is that dangerous individuals would target these areas because they know that citizens have been disarmed and are sitting ducks
Background checks serve as defacto gun possesion lists for the federal govt. to know who has guns to cease and exactly how many. Further Thomas Jefferson clearly stated " no free man shall be debarred from the Right to bear arms"
@westland_will We incarcerate more people then all other nation.Dont pay your property taxes and go to prison.We dont own our homes. We are forced to pay with federal debt notes All because of FDR New Deal collaterized all private property for a loan which our property taxes pay the interest on
" i want to get guns out of the hands of the wrong people" Lindsey Grahm thinks he should be the one to decide who can and cant exercise their rights! No Founding Father would ever say such an un- American statement!
Lindsey Grahm stated today that citizens resisting governmental tyranny with firearms is not a legitimate purpose of the 2nd Amendment. Goes to show you how ignorant Lindsey Grahm is with regards to American history and the Bill of Rights.He is unfit for public service
Only an idiot like Diane Fienstein could assert that the 2nd Amendment does not protect military style firearms.Perhaps she needs a dictionary to look up the word militia.The very purpose of the 2nd Amendment is to have a volunteer army (militia) of citizens to defend the nation
I knew that the jews have been behind the mass immigration of muslims into the U.S and Europe, for the sole objective of destroying these nations and bringing the Aryan race into submission.  Wake up white men , the war has begun, whether u like it or not. Stand tall and strong! https://t.co/uxxLGGjkj9
@ramzpaul The swaztika was a favorite symbol of the buddha who by the way was an Aryan prince with blonde hair and blue eyes, as the oldest images and statues in India reveal. This sacred symbol represents the sun along with being composed of 4× 90° right angles that =360° A perfect citcle
@1776Stonewall @dbongino The Founding Fathers created a Republic and specifically a Constitution of, for and by the white race, which is why non whites want to destroy our Constitution and heritage.
This invasion warrants full military action against Mexico. https://t.co/CjjQ3GFyf5
@realDonaldTrump Mr President? Do you not see?Its not just the coupe attempt or Obama and his confederates using federal agencies to sabotage your campaign, or Mueller obstructing your authority over the DOJ, The media is part of a socialist revolution.propaganda. Its up to you to stop it.
@RyanAFournier NYC is not an American city by their own assertions. They are a U.N. city
@w_terrence @KamalaHarris @JussieSmollett That stupid b* tch didnt have any reservations when it came to the false accusations made against Kavanaugh. Or any accusation thats made against the president. Democrats have no religion, morality or ethics to restrain them from doing anything. Its all about money and power.
@gatewaypundit Jewish hate on display.  Jew lawyer not above Targeting innocent children
Of course the democrats want to destroy the Constitution's Electoral College because (along with the Census) it was created to prevent voting fraud by one or more States.
@Nature_and_Race Your confusing neo liberalism with zionism. Neoliberalism is the creation of the zionists. " judaism is communism." Rabbi Cohen (President international je wish congress.)The enemies of all humanity and nature are fighting a war on every front.
@wayotworld Only whites are American Nationals. After the civil war republicans forced the 14th Amendment on the People without proper ratification. The 14th made the freed black slaves U.S. citizens but not American National citizens as are the decendents of the white Founding Generation
@thisislaurat Every time affirmative action is invoked, thats one more white man and future father that has been relegated to 2nd class in his own country by those far less qualified.Blacks occupy the largest richest continent on Earth but lack the capacity to create and sustain civilization
@zerogravity1984 @prageru Trump may not be able to be bought, but he can be intimidated. He has a big beautiful family and thus alot to lose. Trump is well aware of what happened to JFK  and his brother for challenging the CIA. Trump has allowed the DOJ to operate rogue without direction or oversight.
Only caucasians are Americans. Non whites can only be U.S citizens under the 14th Amend. but they are not American. Ameronationalists are the decendents of the Founding generation.The Founding Fathers were white nationalists. The Constitution was created for and by white society.
@Nature_and_Race @Interstate_85 The jews have used the music industry as a weapon especially starting in the 60's  and into the 70's with satanic themed musicians. Now rap uses hypnotic beats to program the subconscience minds of the masses with degenerate hedonism and the encouragement of violence and murder.
@TerminalAmerica @MiaVendetta110 AIPAC owns both parties
@tommyto83919084 Jews started WW2 When they declared war on Germany  Most jews repatriated to Palestine under the TRANSFER AGREEMENT there was no holocaust, the jews in prisons died from disease and starvation at the end of the war only because the allies cut off all the supply lines into Germany
@tommyto83919084 Thats correct. Also this occurred after the war was over. Eisenhower intentional murdered POWS by evading the Geneva Convention by labeling the soldiers as enemy combatants and then claiming they had no legal rights. The jews that ended up in prison were communists and terrorists
Trump needs to understand the Constitution better, rather then depending upon white house lawyers to tell him the limits of his authority.Trump could end accepting asylum seekers into our country.Instead Trump is submitting to international law. He does not comprehend Sovereignty
@douglasmercer33 What does spike lee know about David Duke? Spike Lee has been a pawn of hollywood jews for decades. How else could such a horrible director remain employed. They needed a token black director . Affirmative action in hollywood.
@CrispyCreamMan Jews may force diversity down upon everyone else, but they know and understand the need to foster racial and ethnic homogeneity. Its time for the real men of the Ayran races to unite and fight against jewish subversion and destruction of our homelands.
@prageru Trump's pandering to gays loses him support with real christians. We will look to present a challenger in the republican primary.
Ill denounce the American patriot Dr. DAVID DUKE when the zionists that are bleeding our country to death renounce the talmud.
@snowwhiter2021 Trumps nepotism should be denounced.
@BreitbartNews If youre incapable of getting an I.D. then you have no business voting You have to have I.D. to get on welfare Dems are idiots for claiming suppression when there is none.They just dont want to lose the ability to cheat. Not one person has ever claimed they cant afford an I.D.
@BreitbartNews Of course the black gat guy is a victim no matter what they do. Disgusting and repugnant has this country become. The sodomites will bring the nation to ruin.
@washingtonpost Palm Springs is the new Sodom. May their fate come sooner then later.
@HarmlessYardDog The Israelis have complete control over Trump.
@StefanMolyneux In the duture all of these non Americans are going to have to be deported. Where, I dont care. But America cant exist with islam in her borders.
@DonaldJTrumpJr " judaism is communism" Rabbi Cohen. International jewish congress president
@MarkACollett The destruction of all Europe and America by the jew world order zionists that are bent on the destruction of all nation states.Theyre power stems from their domination of the international financial system
@BreitbartNews There is nothing wrong with white nationalism! Just like the chinese, Japanese, jews and others have racially homogenous nations . So ought the Aryan race. I feel sorry for these self hating whites that have bought into the leftwing jewish programming of their media and hollywood
@LindseyGrahamSC Diversity is a constant source of conflict and war.. Homogeneity is strength....
@RandPaul Freedom of association died when federal troops held Americans at gun point forcing their children to integrate with blacks that they didnt want their children to associate with. Now look at the result of our school system and the state of quality of our schools since integration
@jazzurd A renaissance of ethnonationalism amongst the Aryan race is quintessential to any hope of survival, let alone victory over our enemies. Our enemies continue to erode our solidarity trying to replace it with a faux diversity They understand  ethnic homogeneity gives them strength!
@jazzurd The NWO is the jew world order Theyve got religious agenda based on the talmuds claim that the world is theirs.Many are bought or coerced by them for they control the global financial system.They are a formiable enemy of all humanity and nature.Knowing the truth is half the fight
Americans have been deceived by communist and jewish propaganda. Hitler has falsely been held up as a tyrant. When it was future U.S President Eisenhower who is guilty of genocide against the Germans, after the war, while he was major general of the army. https://t.co/KrC0chAVoX
@jazzurd The zionist jewish objective is global dominion. They feel its finally within their grasp. They operate on all fronts. They were behind the communist revolution in China. Theyre working to foment war between Russia and the U.S If that fails take theyve got the Chinese army
In contrast to the Germans the Allies kept their prisoners in open fields with nothing. No buildings, water, medicine, with starvation rations.Many died of exposure in the winter as their only shelter was a pit dug in the ground.Ten million Germans died of exposure and starvation
German prison camps during WW2 were considered the envy of the world by Red Cross inspectors, with regards to how prisoners were treated and cared for. German prisons had movie theater, swimming pool, soccer fields, and a commissary were extra food and other goods were purchased.
@jazzurd That is a good question. However the jewish elite actually gained control over most of the levers of power in Islam and the papacy long ago. Rothschilds own the vatcan bank just like they own the federal reserve. The jews mastered subversion thousands of yrs ago. They are the NWO
@ScrewedHumans Democrats have become either deranged or just brainwashed to the extent that they claim Donald Trump is a Russian agent. I never thought Id see the rise of a large movement of marxist neoliberals a.k.a domestic enemies conspire against the President of the United States .
Its obvious that sports idolatry has been used to supplant nationalist patriotism. Its somehow socially acceptable to have a false sense of enmity towards oppossing fans of your own favorite team. Americans know more about athletes then the Founding Fathers that sacrificed all.
Without the Aryan race, the rest of the world would soon revert back to hunters and gatherers. Just as Liberia, Africa where Americans Constructed a great port and gave them fleets of ships to conduct trade.The vessels and the port is in complete disrepair for no Liberian can fix
@marklevinshow @anrefg Its treason and if they get away with their actions unaccounted for then theyll succeed in the future. They all need to be prosecuted and given capital punishment.
Open treason right in front of our faces every since the election of Trump. Obama used the IRS to target conservatives while in office. He used the DOJ,FBI,NSA, FISA, and other agents of his admin. to effectively subvert the political opposition of the democrats. Its treason https://t.co/GKWpa4BorK
@RepMarkMeadows @anrefg No they will not! Not without intense push back. This is subversion at this point. We know the level of hate and vitriol the neoliberals ( domestic enemies) have against Trump and the patriots that support him.
@JackPosobiec Jussy boy didnt come up with this false fag attack on his own. He is merely the paid actor. The group that paid or arranged for this false fag attack wanted a trained pro actor.Of course he had to be gay ,black, and neoliberal.For every hoax thats exposed 50 lies get by the folks
@ramzpaul Anything and everything published in mainstream media is always marxist zionist propaganda. Hitler didnt want war at all. He was a civilization builder. Like the U.S. He had a peace through strength philisophy. Americans are still ignorant to the fact that the jews started WW2
Neoliberals have essentially abandoned the religions, ethics, and or the long standing morals that have sustained American society such as freedom of speech, capitalism and self defense, ect. If allowed they will destroy the most free, innovative, and prosperous nation in history
You can not reason with unreasonable people.
@stillgray @J_H_5 I called false fag attack as soon as I heard the details. Its shocking how ignorant the media and politicians really are, that they believed these accusations immediately without doing their due diligence. It just proves how easy it is to get the masses to believe outright lies
International law does NOT supercede American Constitional law &amp; jurisprudence. Asylum is only a privilege granted to seekers at the pleasure of the American People. Never shall Americans tolerate our enemies foreign or donestic attempt to impose international law upon the U.S.A.
American Patriots ought to declare war upon the marxist globalists that are working to destroy our Constitution, Sovereignty, and nation as a whole.
@ScrewedHumans The deep state shadow gov. Is a treasonous organization. The traitors therein fear that Trump and his allies will have them all arrested. They believe that hell drsin the swamp. Only time will tell. I think Trump may realize hes got too much to lose. Its going to take a warrior.
Unfortunately most human beings are slaves by nature or choice.....
The Vietnam War was never about stopping the spread of Communism. It was entirely about the United States getting its hand in the Vietnamese cookie jar ,taking control over South Vietnamese economy
All of America's great Founding Fathers were white nationalists. I'm proud to be in such amazing company. True authentic American patriotism is to oppose multiculturalism. Multiculturalism destroys all natural &amp; organic culture.
The multiculturalist elite want to use violence, intimidation, and coercion to force everyone but themselves to integrate.They havent integrated their gated communities and elite restaurants and clubs. Only for the wealthy and affluent. The elite refuse to integrate with the poor
@ArchKennedy @johngault071 Democrats had no objection to the national emegencies declared by Obama ,even though they did not meet the standard threshold of immenent threat to our national security. Trumps declaration is lawful because it addresses the immenent defense of our national Sovereignty and border
@Celtic_Films @Commodore_1853 Hungary is the leader of wise good govt. Their pro family policies must really inflame the zionist evildoers that conspire to destroy all caucasian christian nations in order to further their agenda for global domination.
@IngrahamAngle @DeborahStoval17 @realDonaldTrump They should face capital punishment. Open treason abounds in America in 2019 45% of those living here in America are not Americans no matter what force or violence that the federal gov has inflicted upon patriots in order to subject us to the tyrranny that we suffer under the ZOG
@beth2_k3a @cr14carlson @DailyCaller I cant believe that soneone who is more suited to being a maid rather then  a member of Congress. Shes ignorant ,disrespectful and unpatriotic.
I'm sick and tired of Jewish Supremacy. I intend to rage against it!
Whats the point of building a wall if Trump is just going to let a bunch of immigrants into our country anyway?
Whites will soon not be able to take flight away from the destruction and takeover of their anscestors homeland. The non whites set to takeover have no love and compassion for whites and want to see all of us extinct. Theyll erase our laws and bring us down to 3rd world status
@CrispyCreamMan If thats what you want to call it.? Its more of a resort. However its been a well kept secret, due to the egregiousness of building a prison for one specific religious group. Its further evidence of who is the powerful in America. I bet research would find the same in Europe.
I will never consider a black man or woman from African decent to be German,French,or American.
Jews have their own prison. No other religion has their own prison, certainly not a plush resort like the jews. This is racial and religious discrimination. It proves whos really wielding the power in America. There wouldnt be a jewish prisons if they didnt commit such vile acts.
@Blair_A_Nathan @douglasmercer33 We are in a cold civil war.  The zionist enemies of freedom are depending on patriots to continue sitting on their hands while they build and strengthen  their army with imported foreigners that cant wait to kill and take what we Americans have built
@ramzpaul The jews are the enemies of free speech!. Theyve destroyed free speech in Europe and are waging a war on it in America! Thats who funds all of these leftwing radical groups like antifa. They must be exposed. They use their media to threaten, terrorize and intimidate the people.
@LadyRedWave @cr14carlson @gatewaypundit Nadler is a child molester thats afraid Trump is gonna lock him up.
@westland_will @ForeverMiirin Its actually easier than youd think to create your own private bank.
@1776Stonewall Shes a rapid monkey. Someone call the zoo keeper.!
@eternalpiast @WholesomeRight Jews dont have any respect for the dead. In Cypress they slaughtered over 100,000 unarmed Greeks. Making belts out of their entrails and hacking off body parts for souvenirs. It was so horrible that all jews were expelled from Cypress forever. They just want to cover up the truth
@WholesomeRight The jews have a long history of evading justice because of their wealth and ethnic solidarity. Eventually they get arrogant and out of control. This is why theyve been expelled by over 200 nations in the past few centuries They always come back to parasite on their gentile hosts.
Mike Pence is a fool that should not follow in Trumps footsteps. I will not only refuse to vote for him I will actively oppose his nomination. I do not trust anyone that wears a yamika. Whether its the pope or the v.p. https://t.co/pNbHwfMFWw
Im so tired of watching leftwing traitors go free. While we watch innocent patriots pulled out of their homes in the middle of the night with guns drawn in their faces.Trump lacks the fortitude to exercise control over his DOJ. Trump nominated another deep state A.G. https://t.co/m5YWkeRXJg
@ramzpaul Israel bleeds our nation to death.  AIPAC extorts hundreds of billions and use our own money to control all U.S politicians using them to wage war on their enemies to further their greater israel agenda. They attempt to pit Russia against the U.S with hopes of mutual destruction
@ramzpaul Trump's bias for israel is his worse trait. I don't believe he is sincere in his faith. Otherwise his daughter wouldnt have turned her back on christ and reverted to the religion of blood atonement.  The jewish elite are well known to marry  gentile families for political power.
A solution to the political warfare that has developed over Supreme Court appointees is to institute term limits on justices. A single term of 10 yrs would stabilize the court.  A Supreme Court Justice Vanished And You Won’t Believe What Trump Will Do Next https://t.co/xEP3khaFmC
Americans are unaware that Adolf Hitler was first world leader to implement recycling programs, animal rights &amp;  protection laws, as well as, environmental protecion laws. Or the he was a vegetarian an animal lover that refused to allow even a fish to be killed for his sustenance
@ramzpaul I refuse to consider them my countrymen never will they  nor will their children Despite what the illegitimate unconstitional " government"  asserts. Loyalty for the federal govt can dissolve on days. The left is already eager to destroy the remnants of our former Republic
@snowwhiter2021 The day of reckoning is going to cone sooner or later. The longer we wait the harder the battle.
@RepMarkMeadows Its treason
Most Democrats and neoliberals are emotionally immature and or stunted. Theyre fixated on the myopic delusions of their emotions. They choose to be " triggered" rather than being able to reason the facts and respond to logical respectfil debate. They cant get past their emotions.
One way the democrats,are beating republicans is that democrats will prop up a neoliberal that has no publically known political proclivities. Rather then running as a democrat they will pose as a repunlicans like Arnold Swarzanigger. John McCain, Lisa Murkowski and Jeff Flake
@1776Stonewall Trumps declaration is legitimate in that was invoked for the immenent defense of our national Sovereignty and borders. The Constitution already authorizes the President to defend our borders. However it has been an actual emergency and not just a political agenda,
Just remember when considering your own personal disgust and aversion with homosexuality. Your in the same company as GOD Almighty.
Obama used executive action to let illegal aliens into the nation with DACA,  Trump's trying to defend the nation's borders and now the democrats are crying its unconstitutional. Its easy for democrats to be hypocrites because they have no morality or ethics.
@GOP Very dissapointed in Trumps A.G. Bill Barr. Out of all the qualified and talented Americans, he had to recycle another neocon traitor in his administration.  A very bad selection . Making me question my support for president Trump entirely.
@The_Trump_Train Yes
@CulperRing1776 @TonyDiazUSA @OingoBo19576917 There are official records and newspapers that reveal that the jews also claimed the Germans massacred 6 million jews during WW1,The jews used this unfounded accusation in order to claim reparations from the defeated Germans, effectively economically  enslaving the German people
@TonyDiazUSA @Outlander158 There never was a holocaust. Its a lie. The jews went to Palestine via the TRANSFER AGREEMENT. Jews piled onto trains because the first settlers to Palestine get their pick of the farms , business and homes that Germany had built for them as part of the agreement.
@ChuckCallesto @cr14carlson She better be careful making threats like that.
@Dmppc2A @Mike_Beacham Republicans are FAKE.Theyre playing Americans. Both parties are owned by AIPAC the democrat party is their main vehicle towards socialism. Republican party is the controlled opposition.Just like pro wrestling.Theyre selling us out and collecting money hand over fist along the way
Rather then strengthening American families and promoting Americans to have more babies. They want to give away even more of our country to foreigners. Eventually American patriotism is going to wane and folks will stop joining the armed forces. Not worth defending anymore. https://t.co/D01bFIpADX
@johngault071 @kimusastrong @POTUS The DOJ is the sword and sheild of the shadow govt. Placing all Americans in jeopardy.  The DOJ ought to be abolished. Congress does not have the authority to create a seperate branch of gov. Yet they  assert that they did just that with the DOJ.
@kimusastrong @_realBlackTrump @POTUS Democrats are truly domestic enemies
@barmore27 @DeborahStoval17 @gatewaypundit That stupid witch dares to threaten American patriots. She might want to be looking for another country to live in. When the levy finally breaks all of the tories are going to be arrested and prosecuted.
@RepMarkMeadows Bill Barr has full faith in Rosenstein and Mueller. Whats that tell ya?
@RepDougCollins Its treason .its so obvious to American patriots.
@RyanAFournier @cr14carlson They should be charged with treason and conspiring to usurp a democratically elected president. This evidence leads to conclude that the Obama admin. Was engaged in a well organized criminal conspiracy using the power and agencies of the gov. to frame Trump. (Capitol punishment)
Trumps poll numbers may be up, however his neocon anti patriot Bill Barr is another deep state lifetime criminal. I just dont trust Trump to be a lame duck president. I could easily see him betray the 2nd Amendment, and Especially the 4th amendment as his DOJ has no regard for.
@HeatherMHarlow @TheOfficerTatum @realDonaldTrump @POTUS Trump signs this is bad judgement. The money is not worth the trade off.
@TheOfficerTatum @cr14carlson @realDonaldTrump The bill is horrible and creates amnesty for hundrrds of thousands ..
@dbongino @cr14carlson Trump wont do nothing about it. Hes already allowed the DOJ to run rogue. They wouldnt have been plotting if he were exercising proper oversight.
Trumps new neocon Attorney General  Bill Barr is an exanple of Trump resurrecting another swamp creature from previous Bush admin. Out of all the talented and qualified talent ,he chooses one of those old D.C traitors.This pick places all Americans and their fredom in jeopardy
President Trump ought to declare a national emergency and task investigators outside of the DOJ t o arrest all traitors. https://t.co/DVzgadauEA
Car crashes are the number one cause of death in children ages 1 through 13
@MarkACollett @JoeTM_SA Getting the jewish banking monopolies out of Germany was the key to success. Once Germans had retaken control of their nation.  They incarcerated the bolshevik comnunist insurgents that plaqued Germany. ANTIFA came into existence. A very high number of these terrorists were jews.
@CincyPantydeal @JLPtalk I will certainly replace muslim for jew, whenever the muslims have a monopoly over the entire American monetary system, as the jewish mafia has with their federal reserve. Im talking about the Rothschilds, Warburgs, Goldman &amp; sachs, Kuhn &amp; Loeb, Lazards, with this power they rule
Let your Representative know that you support  banning former legislators from becoming lobbyists after they leave Congress.		Poll: Lobbying Ban https://t.co/jGMRrx3WaH
@Nature_and_Race The principle under natutal law is Freedom of Association. I can definitely see a future threat to all racial groups if the state becomes so powerful that it can determine who can breed and with whm. In the attempt to make a mutt with no racial identity Ending racial homogeneity
@RepMattGaetz Another example of aliens not being subject to the same laws as citizens. I honestly dont understand how the democrat party has not been officially declared as an domestic enemy of the Constitution whenever their whole progressive agenda is to progress away from the Constitution.
@JLPtalk The more white people that a nation has the more innovative and prosperous. Unfortunately the jews have infiltrated and subverted the U.S and virtually all of Europe.Theyre the ones behind the mass migrations into the U.S an Europe.Their goal is to destroy them and rule the world
Anyone who is not motivated to get an identification ,is almost certainly even less motivated to go to the polls and vote. The democrat party only opposses voter I.D laws because it will end their longtime strategy of voter fraud. Their arguments opposing voter I.D laws are bogus
The Democrats are greatly mistaken if they think they can just elect women of color  to push their radical marxist agenda on America ,and to act as their saboteurs, and not expect the American Patriots to confront them and route them out of office and country.
@GOPLeader @GOP That ought to make your zionist masters / owners in AIPAC very happy..
Posse Comitatus in common law goes back to the 9th century England and was created along with the office of Sheriff. Under the Constitution only the sheriff and or the militia can enforce domestic law. Therefore police departments and or Federal agencies are unlawful and illegal
Under no possible pretense does our Constitution authorize a militarized police force. The Founders were oppossed to professional militia (police), and only authorized the democratically elected sheriff and militia to enforce the domestic laws within all of the American States.
@RandPaul Thank you Rand Paul. We stand with you on opposing the nomination of Bill Barr to be the A.G.
@ScrewedHumans No.because the political agenda of the jewish mafia that runs Hollywood, they cant resist the opportunity to program the minds of the masses. Once you have woke up to who the enemy of humanity and nature, you will be able to "see" the true intentions of those that lust for power
@StefanMolyneux Slavery was never abolished. It just morphed into diffetent forms .
@EdwRBurgess1776 @AFTWV Both have failed the natiion and deserve no further funding until teform is implemented.
Intelligence agencies have ruled the roost since Bush Sr. rode President Reagan's coat tails into the White House. 	President Trump has proven that he is a real President and not a puppet like Obama. "O"had to do exactly as he was told and say exavtly what the teleprompter reads.
Are you a red hat 2?
@PrinceLucid1 @snowwhiter2021 @ramzpaul The greatest gift God gave to mankind is free will. Our destinies are mutable. Its in the spiritual realm that God plan manifests.
The female democrats dressed in all white at the SOTU, jumped up and down and acted more like junior high school cheer leaders, rather then respectable representatives.
The Constitution does not authorize Congress to create any other branch of gov. Nor may Congress abrogate its authority. The DOJ IS OPERATING AS A ROGUE DEPT.  with no direction or oversight by the President. The proper order must be reinstituted, or abolish the DOJ
@PrinceLucid1 @snowwhiter2021 @ramzpaul What has been hidden from the wise and prudent, shall be revealed unto a babe and suckling."
" a fear of firearms is due to emotional immaturity."  Sigmund Freud
@DeepStateExpose Bob Mueller was the head of the FBI during 911. He made sure that all evidence was shipped to China before any investigations could occur. He is a deep state tool.
Q
Considering the long history of war and enmity between Christian European nations and Islam.  It ought to be apparent that there is a nefarious strategy being carried out against Europe and America. The goal is to destroy these countries to make way for the.zionist global tyranny
@sahouraxo @potaytay12 The French have had more then enough of the ZOG that has monopolized their economy and opened up the country to mass immigration pf muslims.
RT @ramzpaul: We don’t have a shortage of labor. If we did we would see a rapid increases in wages. We don’t.		This is just an excuse to po…
@TheRaXaR @JackLon09169906 I know what the majority of blacks would do. Burn down their hoodz -" burning and a looting tonight."
@ChatByCC Theyve had to cheat to win most of their seats. They have no real agenda other then destroying our "white supremist" Constitution. They want to erase our founding fathers from world history They want to tear it down illegally like they did to many of our historical monuments.
@TheEconomist Those Japanese supremists. Japanese ethnocentricity was extreme during ww2
@StefanMolyneux Those that control hollywood media and education.Have used their monopolies over their fashion industry in combo with their many pop culture magazines like Cosmo or Teen to program young females to malnourish themselves making their bodies weak and frail to make them weak in mind
@GoyWritesWhat @JManz14 @ThePopulist_1 @layne_darnley @ramzpaul Hitler and Germany did not repatriate jews for the purpose of creating the ethnostate of Israel, that was the zionists objective. Getmans jjust wanted them out of Germany. The claim of genocide is false. The TRANSFER AGREEMENT was the factual solution to the German question.
@layne_darnley @ramzpaul Best documentary of WW2ever made
@layne_darnley @ramzpaul Of course not. The jews have not feared and demonized anyone more except Jesus Christ. Only Jesus made it in the talmud
@snowwhiter2021 @ramzpaul Congrats your mind is free. Im happy to hear people are finally able to break through the jewish programming and objectively do the research necessary to uncover the facts from the fog of the graveyard of WW2.
Half of all the NBA teams are owned by jews as well as half ofall the Commisioners.
@Jim_Jordan @AdamSchiff It takes both sides to establish a standard ..the democratic party are domestic enemies of the Constitutjon.
The real reason Micheal Jackson was killed and his reputation defamed with false allegations was his comments that " jews do it, its a conspiracy"His lyrics "dont jew me ,kike me , blackc&amp; white me" They couldnt afford to have Jackson inform the people of jewish criminality.
An accusation without evidence is heresay and is NOT probable cause to warrant an investigation or a search. Under American law &amp; jurisprudence the default is that ALL individuals are to be deemed innocent unless proven guilty beyond any reasonable doubt, by a jury of ones peers.
I wonder how long democrats would champion abortion if a law was passed the allowed for abortion ,but prohibited anyone from privately profiting from abortion or aborted babies. I suspect that their zealousy for abortion would quickly fade.
Christian, how can you claim to be created in Gods own image, If you are void of all hate.	Love and hate spring forth from the same well of emotion	Proverbs 6:16–19 (NKJV) 	  These six things the Lord hates, Hands that shed innocent blood, 	  A heart that devises wicked plans
@dbongino We need to demand Roberts retires. Hes always been a neoliberal
@dbongino What did you expect fro George Bush and his neocon masters?
@LanaLokteff Ya thats not extreme
Rand Paul is right. https://t.co/OhEdWSqWaJ
The Obama Administration actually ended one of the DOJ Gun grabbing programs called "safe neighborhood program".	President Trump reauthorized this gun grabbing program which allows for the confiscation of weapons without due process. Crime is not an excuse to infringe on the 2A.
The President needs to know that under the Constitution, the lower federal district courts, and appeleate courts can not bind the president with any order or ruling, if the President believes that he has the authority inder the Constitution. Only the Supreme Court has this ppwer.
500,000 homeless in America. There has been a 4% increase from 2017- 2018. Yet democrats want to  open our borders to let even more dependent people into our country., even though we dont have the housing or jobs for them.
Boycott Apple https://t.co/peJmf5VCqD
@gatewaypundit @anonwulfhund This is prosecutorial persecution Your govt. Is no longer for the People ,by the People. We are occupied by the zionist shadow government.
@realDonaldTrump The DOJ is a rogue orgsnizatuon.If you are innocent and they have no evidence theyll just try to bankrupt, defame and stress to death anyone that doesnt do their bidding or if they oppose your political proclivities.The DOJ is evading any direction and  oversight by the President
@3502zippo @AnnCoulter Ashes to ashes - lets glass their punk asses !
150,000 jews served in the German armed forces during WW2. Yet most people are totally programmed to believe the opposite of the truth. I know because I was to. Communists were the enemy and since most jews were communists they ended up in prisons https://t.co/GpfIhFtd1J
Te slang word NAZI  originally referred to the ashekaNAZI jews that had joined the German Army. https://t.co/Tj3eRT2Am7
@TeddyWKlein You really don't realize the extent that youve been decieved. Allied and Soviet propaganda made up lies and concealed their crimes. The Europeans were economic competition to the U.S. especially Germany. Its shocking to realize theyve had and have programmed the masses with lies.
@3502zippo @AnnCoulter Those fuckers are too sneaky and devious to fight in a shooting war. We'd have to send out the stealth bombers and annhilate the whole dam place.
I dont think most people would disagree that we'd have a much more peaceful society with our American culture intact ,rather then contending with the enmity and animosity that plagues nations with more then one culture.
@AnnCoulter German and Italian Americans were also INTERNED during WW2! The Japanese had thousands of spies in the U.S. giving intel to the jap navy of U.S ship locations rendering them sitting ducks. It was the Presidents duty ,in a state of war, to intern them, He couldve deported them.
@erinkatherine13 @AnnCoulter She can spell
@AnnCoulter Everything is racist to a communist. It's always been their strategy and tactic!
The zionist media always asks every political candidate "will you denounce David Duke"?Eventhough Duke isnt hateful at all.Yet they never ask if they'll denounce the racist hatred of the talmud. Former KKK Leader David Duke Backs Democrat for 2020 Election https://t.co/cjR1UB60Az
The media uses repetition to program the masses.Most people, most of the time ,will adopt the medias mantras as their own default position.Eventually this creates an entirely false perspective of facts of reality.Take back your mind https://t.co/mcyjdkBNxQ #Newsmax via @Newsmax
@Lithobolos @AnnCoulter German and Italian Americans were also interned during the war. There were thousands of Japanese spies in the U.S. giving intel on ship locations allowing our navy to be bombed. Japan was also planning to invade the mainland U.S.A good case why nations should remain homogenous
How hilarious to hear neoliberals accuse whites for cultural appropration. Whenever blacks have all but completely approprated white cultural. With their  $1,200. Weaves and three piece suits for example.
Jesus said be not of this world.  Your home is not on Earth but in heaven,  However ,we see most christians today trying hard to be political correct. Hoarding wealth and aligning themselves with every worldly, new age. p.c. ideology. Especially zionism.
Americans should absolutely have priority in their own hospitals and not illegal aliens.
We've all heard blacks cant be racist because blacks dont have power. Now you know what they really want. POWER! What's going to be your childrens future whenever these power hungry blacks take power? Blacks are gonna be surprised to discover that its the jews that have the power
If blacks get reparations then so must the Irish, Scotts, and all of the poor brits that were taken against their will to America ,to be slaves. Whites were enslaved and worked in the fields next to blacks. The average white slave had a 2 yr life expectancy in the tobacco fields
Its pathetic how stupid some really are. One minute theyre claiming men and women are the same and that they want equality. Then they claim that we should all just believe WOMEN whenever they make an accusation without any evidence and men dont deserve the same. Got equality?
President Woodtow Wilson, the progressive democrat that admittingly ruined the country by his signing of the Federal Reserve Act. He also stated it was the KKK that saved the nation after the war from collapse The KKK stopped the violence against unarmed and defenceless whites
After the civil war during reconstruction.Whites had all of their rights stripped. They couldnt serve in the government, or have arms for self defence. Blacks quickly took advantage and begun to murder, rob and rape.Thats why the KKK was formed and why blacks were lynched.
In 2016 there were more blacks killed by other blacks in Chicago alone, then all of the blacks killed and lynched during reconstruction in the South.
@heywildrich Civil war is inevitable and the longer the people procrastinate the more advantage that they give their enemy.
The Earth's climate is primarily Heliocentric. The geophysical properties of the Earth have only a minor secondary effect upon the Earth. The total amount of energy that the Sun emits fluctuates cyclically causing the Earth's climate to also fluctuate.
Democrats had to give up on their attempts to scare the public with ' global warning" and decided climate change was better because its mich more ambiguous and it gives them the ability to claim anything and everything is because of climate change.
@cpr8r4life @1776Stonewall @jetrotter "Climate change should be at the center of every discussion in he Congress" Cortez 	Shes far too obsessed with the socialist propaganda of climate change to turn down a commitee seat on that panel.
@1776Stonewall That is hilarious..Im sure her ignorance of govt. will tranfer over to her lack of knowledge of the natural sciences
RT @TheBeaSmith: MUST READ!!!!		Plea from a Navy SEAL's brother: Mr. President, the system is broken and we need your help to fix it https:…
@1776Stonewall @Deplorable_M12 The push for communism and socialism isnt just going to fizzle out. Weve allowed for too many Americans to be programmed by their system. Unfortunately if history and human nature hold true..Civil war will break out. Race war will also occur during this time
Name one single nation that allowed a substantial amount of muslims into their nations, and didnt have to deal with terrorism and muslim attempts to take over the country and convert it to islam with Sharia law. Its islam's modis operandi
If our children were being educated in public schools rather than programmed and indoctrinated by neoliberals they would know that just a few centuries ago when Europe let muslims into their countries whenever they became the majority they took over in a violent and oppresive way
The marxist media and Hollywood constantly promotes hatred and violence against white people solely because of their pride in their heritage and culture. Remember all actions have equal and opposite reaction.
"Sticks and stones wont break bones but words will always hurt you."  ANTIFA'S	One of antifa's actual motto's.
@JackPosobiec Abolish the DOJ now or else its only going to get worse. The DOJ is operating outside of the Constitution with NO oversight. What a prrfect opportunity for tyranny to reign. Thats exactly what's occurring. If your not guilty, theyll just bankrupt you or stress you and family out
@ramzpaul Trump must not be too sincere about his christian faith, to the extent that his daughter back slid into judaosm. Essentially denying christ and rejecting christian faith of her forefathers
The Jury system has been intentionally usurped by prosecutors and administrators. Under the Constitution. Jurists are duty bound to not only  judge the  facts of the case but are also obligated to determine if the law itself complies with the letter &amp; spirit of the Constitution.
Someone needs to educate all of these foolish immature women , particularly those Me 2 goons that claim we must believe women by default ,that in America individuals are to be deemed innocent until proven guilty, beyond any reasonable doubt,  by a jury of their peers.
Its the zionist shadow govt. That America and Europe must expel to survive in the 21 century.
@ramzpaul 73 yrs later we are pccupied by zionist shadow govt.
@jrob5352 @W_McPrivilege The ppwer of peer presdure. The constant propaganda controls the masses.
@W_McPrivilege They own it all. As long as they own the federal reserve.
That moment when she thoight.  "Damn, maybe I am full of shit." https://t.co/J4cW7suSPm
I thought Trump was going to end the nation building. However theyve given the interim president of Venezuela special bank accounts withe the federal reserve. Giving away more of our money to interfere in Venezuela domestic politics.. Using our treasure
Yes there are more deaths via firearms  in the U.S. because we have the Right to defend ourselves. In Britain for example they have more stabbings then other nations because the brits allow for their right to bear arms to be usurped.
Maybe instead of a wall we should just build a highway to Canada. Lets see how those unarmed Canadians whio cant legally arm thelselves for self defense.Maube theyll like their new ms-13 gang member neighbors
This 12 yr old girl iis a superstar marksman...	https://t.co/X5JPLZ2OE7
The only thing more ridiculous then antifa are those that try to reason and educate these thugs.
@StefanMolyneux Thats why our alien progenitors gave us the command thou shalt no kill.
@SaraCarterDC @realDonaldTrump If you are such a good investigator. Why not take an objective review of ww2. Outside of the allied / soviet propaganda  Fa ke news is nothing new .
Trump failed to mention the Covington  boys but instead went back to the holocaust and how the chosen ones are more important then all else. Trumps faith was so genuine that his daughter thinks shes a jew. https://t.co/3MnBoH6Gso
@StefanMolyneux Dr. Ron Paul  ,Former congressmen claimed that in his career as an obgyn, he never witnessed a single case of the 5000 babies he personally delivered, in which an abortion was necessary to save the mothers health or life.
The only true reason we have for staying in Afghanistan, regarding our national security, is its proximity to China. It allows us to build up our military bases and capabilities on the continent of Asia.
@Nature_and_Race Republican party is the controlled opposition of the ZOG.
All Antifa are domestic enemies and they all must be destroyed. 		.Antifa Attacks: IEDs Found At Eugene, OR Police Headquarters After Shooting - The Truth About Guns https://t.co/NSJZd812nE
Antifa plot to bomb Eugene Oregon police station. Was discovered and diverted.		https://t.co/nLiQ8BoUuR
Antifa terrorist leader killed shot in a middle school with a backpack with guns and extra magazines.  He ended up shot dead by police in a gun fight.	https://t.co/gPfllaQTV1
Trump had no problem pandering to the holohoax 70 yrs past and his zionist masters again. While ignoring the massacre of white farmers in South Africa. Not one wotd about the fact that the white males are the fastest declning demographic in the nation and world.
@westland_will I agree. Trump brags how much things ate getting better for everyone else but whites. At a time when white men are the fastest decling demographic for the past century.
It was a great speech exvept for the pandering to the holohoaxers There were plenty of American issues he should 've addressed.. 		Poll: 76 Percent Approve of Trump's Speech https://t.co/CbUDIPtbDm #Newsmax via @Newsmax
Black revisionists actually have convinced themselves that George Washington was black and King George of England was also black. The list goes on and on. Similar to how asians appropriated the image of the white blue eyed blonde haired buddha of ancient India.
@ramzpaul German tanks and vehicles were stuck on the roads because the army had no fuel Germany didnt produce its own fuel and the allies had cut supply lines.Yet were supposed to believe that the army was cremating 6 million people in furnaces made to burn bio waste like hair and clothes
@IsraelKilledMe @ramzpaul Very good point. There are alot of red flags whenever you start looking for truth rather then the allied commie propaganda that weve been forced to swallow all of our lives. They wouldnt be forcing the narrative so hard if there wasnt the truth trying to break thru.
The jews think that they are the chosen ones. Only the devil has favorites. https://t.co/UbRgn70MZW
@TheDarkEyedOne @ramzpaul Bingo. Alot of people who were never in prison camps later claimed that they were in order to get a reparation check every month for the rest of their lives and probablly transfers to the children when they die. The jews made the exact same false claim of 6 million dead after WW1
@ramzpaul Liars,The number claiming to be jews after WW2 multiplied according to theRed Cross census.Fraud to get reparations from Germany. The jews have been parasites upon the German people.Most jews took a train to Palestine. The trains were packed first come got the best free housing.
Once the Jews had their monopolies in Germany expropriated and the Germans regained control of their country, they created the greatest economic recovery in world history.The global elite had to destroy them out of fear that the rest of the world would follow suit and do the same
Germany's unprecedented economic recovery of the 1930-40's compelled the international jewish Congress (proto-israel) to initiate and declare war on Germany. The zionists wanted to keep their monopolies and control over the German People. The final result was a another world war
@RealMattCouch Seth Rich was murdered.
After the wall gets built American worker wages should quadruple I grow even higher than that
@Outlander158 This is neo judaism.they can try to call it judeo christianity bit there is no such thibg.
Draining the swamp? Yet Trump continues to ignore conservatives while nominating recycled neocons from the swamp.William Barr would be a dangerous Attorney General who supports lawless confiscation of firearms from private citizens without due process https://t.co/GBsD3DPppx
William Barr Helped Build America’s Surveillance State https://t.co/5YXjtSxYAN via @aclu
Oppose this Rino .. https://t.co/isOb9zobCA
RED ALERT Will Barr supports the most subversive gun control ever proposed in U.S. history. The ability to confiscate guns without due process. https://t.co/kS9xbnxTai
Urge Your Senators to Oppose AG Nominee William Barr! https://t.co/E3gCWJ2ZKP
Can we really trust Trump when it comes to the 2nd Amendment. Conservatives need to unite and fight this nominee. Call your republican senators now.		OPINION: Why Does Trump’s Nominee For Attorney General Support Gun Confiscation Orders? https://t.co/HSJEHVKa3s via @dailycaller
This recycled swamp thang from the first Bush administration should be rejected. He threatens the 2nd Amendment, due process, and the Bill of Rights.	He also is long time confederate of Mueller.William Barr Doubles Down in his Support for Gun Control - https://t.co/hcngCyvrVH
Trump really needs to take some time and actually study our Constitution.  https://t.co/6bB7mDYnUJ
Trump has been absolutely horrible with his cabinent selections. I thought he had learned his lesson with Sessions. Trump also made the asinine comment " i think we should take the guns first" a blatant disregard for due process and the Bill of Rights. https://t.co/XF5VXnKz8T
Of course the marxist socialist neoliberals want the U.S. to focus on Russia rather then comminist China, which is preparing to go to war with the U.S. in the near future .
RT @AMAZlNGNATURE: You'll never be as cool as this alpaca wearing sunglasses. 😎 https://t.co/Y13E6V1tM6
@ColumbiaBugle @cr14carlson Anyone in the republican party that goes against building the "wall" will be defeated in the next primary. Illegal immigration costs us ten times what the wall will cost. There is every good reason to finish the wall.
@1Romans58 @BreitbartNews Weve got to run these neoliberalninfiktrators out of the party. Anyone can join the party ,so its impossible to prevent posers from joining.but its our duty to test them for republican virtues. Call them out for their liberal proclivities
@senatemajldr Israel is more of a liability thats bleeding us dry and interfering in our elections via AIPAC the most powerful lobby in the swamp.
@Outlander158 The republican party is the controlled opposition of the ZOG.
Giving credit where credit is due. https://t.co/2915tYPymh
The link between Cancer and obesity has nothing to do with fat and everything to do with fluoride. Fluoride vitrifies the pineal glands and all other soft tissue such as the THYROID GLAND. Fluorides have been proven to be extremely carcinogenic.
The restriction of freedom will always result in an equally proportional reduction in both safety &amp; security and prosperity. https://t.co/iV1oIp7j3d
@GunOwners Eric Swallowed the koolaid.This guy is a devious domestic enemy of the Bill of Rights.This nation is truly heading for another revolution if tories like this continue to get elected.  The democrat party has been trying to destroy the Republic's Bill of Rights for over a 100 yrs
@Outlander158 Whites are unsafe in their own countries. Its inevitable in the future for a white revolt. Whites are the global minority. White men have the greatest decline in numbers then any other demographic in the past century. The longer we procrastinate the harder the war will be to win
The South pacific tribes of New Zealand, Polynesia, and Hawaii, are the descendents of ancient India that were displaced thousands of years ago after a great race war between the castes.The Aryans of India migrated into the far Northern lands while non -aryans migrated South East
@CNN This is absurdity. A shame that CNN would spread hate against whites by entertaining ridiculous accusations. For example ameroindians deforested most of the old growth forests to make grazing and hunting easier. Slavery, genocide,human sacrifice were all practised by the indians.
@MatthewParrott @douglasmercer33 Thats an oxymoran like hating hate.
@DineshDSouza @RalphNortham Its tyrannical to demand the Governor to resign only because of a halloween costume he wore as a teenager in college. This is the GOP trying to out virtue signal the neoliberals. Makes me think twice about supporting them. However he ought to resign for endorsing infanticide.
@MarkACollett The urge to eat babies is in her blood.
@westland_will I told the RNC when they called that im not contributing anymore money until the GOP stops undermining reps. That are supporting the white race,  like Steve King	The white male is the fastest declining demographic ,in the world ,for the past 100 yrs.
@StefanMolyneux The narrative that Europeans brought a bunch of foreign diseases that killed many natives, is illogical. It should have went both ways.  European explorers had not been exposed to the diseases of the Americas. Europeans were genetically stronger stock.
@charliekirk11 Democrats tried but couldnt prevent the future destruction of America.
Most Americans know that jews claim that god gave them Palestine, in the old testement. However, they also claim, based on their Talmud, that the whole Earth and all therein is their inheritence and that all non jews ( gentiles) shall either be killed or serve the jews as slaves.
@Michiganman567 @douglasmercer33 This is exactly why i told the RNC today .Do not call me for contributions any more. Why? Because of their pandering to minorities and attacking whites for speaking out. Steve King being stripped in Congress for his free speech is far more atrocious then any racial reference.
@LanaLokteff It is inevitable for a large bloc of white Anerica to divorce themselves from the multicultural hell of the neiliberal marxists.
@LaurenRoseUltra These people are obsessed with race and calling their enemies racists.Its gotten so bad that if someone pulls that on me theyre gonna feel it.
Mans best friend ,warms the heart. https://t.co/cBgm3LxZzT
@W_McPrivilege The left has been faking hate crimes forever. It does not matter to democrats the party of atheists and satanists if they intentionally decieve or destroy tio get power and control
Democrats are not racist. They just want too give only black people control over the multi billion dollar nascent marijuana industry.
@gatewaypundit Obama clinton and many other traitors will pay for their attempt to usurp a presidential election.
@blaircottrell89 Contemprary vaccination is harmful to the natural immunity not to mention the death and injuries from the thimersol. Further genetic viruses are passed on from mice, pigs, and monkeys to humans when vaccines are made causing death and disease.
Rep. Will Hurd (R) TX  former spook ,backstabs the president on the neoliberal radical Bill Mahr show. The idiot Hurd claimed that the border wall was a waste of money. This moran knows  that we spend 125 billion dollars a year on illegal immigration. I think hes a cartel puppet
@wayotworld Multiculturalism supplants organic natural cultures.
@AnnCoulter You need to exercise patience. The President has done more and fought harder then any other president. I believe hes establishing his power. Considering what rapid hysteria and media propaganda hes had to contend with.
Record cold temperatures iin 2019. Global warming hysteria is an example of a complete system of political propaganda.
@blaircottrell89 @RoamingMil There is no equality in nature ,
Sean Hannity claims that the FBI agents that rated Rodger Stones house can't just disobey an order  However in the military and law enforcement one is required by law to refuse an unconstitutional order. It is no different for any and all federal agents.
When it comes to the assertion of settled law let's not forget that the marijuana tax Stamp Act of 1936 was not ruled unconstitutional by the Supreme Court until 1972. American farmers were jailed inprisoned for 40 yrs.
Life begins at conception.That is the scientific  biological definition. The Constitution's first duty is to protect life. Roe vs Wade was an example of the Supreme court twisting the law to support their activism, rather then upholding the Constitutions mandate to protect life
@missile_roman @MrOldhouse @MacFlyver12345 If youre not allowed to see it how can uou confirm that there is nidity? If you cant veiw it, you subject to someone elses determination. I dont trust the govt to be honest period. Deception and secrecy is literally their policy. A free society must be free to make own  minds up
@dbongino Many satanic lefthand groups that practise child sacrifice and infant cannabalism are heavily vested in abortion, including the egregious profits made from selling dead babies under the guise of biological reseach ect. Many of them worship Molech the deity that they sacrifice to
@RepMarkMeadows Let them sue. Trump will win. Not even the Supreme court can stop the President from defending the nation. The President has the authority too defend our borders. The democrats are making us vulnerable more then ever. Our enemies are realizing the we really cant secure our border
Republicans didn't call for the electoral college to be abolished when they lost two elections to Barack Obama However in the process of trying to usurp President Trump they've been trying hard to destroy what is quintessential to our constitution. The democrats have fidelity.
The Right wants to kill tyrants, while the Left wsnts to kill babies.
This time the leftwing neoliberals were at least smart enough to hire a professional actor to do their false flag attacks. The story  of the assault in Chicago is obviously a political ploy to distract. Fake news conspiring with leftwing actors is nothing new.
One big difference between democrats and republicans is that republicans tend to worship Jesus, while democrats tend to worship Obama.
The federal reserve has immense political power. Besides having an unconstitutional monopoly over the monetary system, they have the ability to destroy any President by raising the interest rates. Under Obamas 8 yrs they kept zero interest rates. Theyve raised it 12x under Trump
Now I see why the Democrats worship Barack Obama like a messiah figure. The neoliberals have abandoned their spiritual and religious faith and have adopted their new social justice religion to take its place. Theyll soon find that their new godless religion is a false religion.
@XYZandQanon You're absolutely correct. The democrat party is the party of every degenerate, wicked and unpatriotic. They are a party of domestic ennemies
Democrats want to claim equal rights for women, what about equal rights for men.?How many children have been killed buy women having abortions without the man having any input? The man is given no choice about his own seed ,his child, being murdered. What about the man"s choice?
@MrOldhouse @MacFlyver12345 The biggest problem with making pornography illegal is because it can be used to suppress speech. Anything can artbitraily be called porn,  especially with the govt in control. Just how they cover up their crimes under the guise of national security.
Democrats opposing voter registration ID laws because they commit egregious voter fraud. There is no reason why someone can't obtain identification people on welfare the poorest people have to have identification to get these programs and assistance unless you're an illegal alien
Abortion; give them an inch and they'll take a foot, give them a foot they'll take a yard, give them the yard they'll demand a mile.
The reason the democrats push for abortion to be legal , even at the point of birth (infanticide) , is  politics. They want to change the narrative of the debate, rather then pro life versus abortion. They want us to settle on abortion and say " well at least its not infanticide"
Neoliberals in N.Y. had to change their law allowing women to kill their babies in the third trimester and up until the point of birth. I guess they just could not get enough sacrificial blood from all of the little babies they dismembered in their 1st and 2nd trimesters.
This story is so fake its absurdity. https://t.co/gVLRYFR5MG
@ramzpaul Absolute bull.
Democrats claim to think globally, except when it comes to race. As the white race (male)is the fastest declining demographic in the world. The white race is the true Global minority.
@arketex @ramzpaul White men are the fastest decling demographic in the world. Whites are tge real global minority.
@ramzpaul The incident in Chicago is fake.
Taxpayers are extorted for over 120 billion dollars PER YEAR fighting illegal immigration! Democrats must think Americans are foolish enough to actually entertain their false assertions that the border wall is too expensive. It would pay for itself in just 90 days.
@ScottySkywalke1 It may be coming across the border but its being produced primarily in Afganistan. Considering how much Heroin is consumed uoon a daily basis. Semi trailers loaded to the brim have to be coming in everyday.  With that much money at stake, there has to be serious corruption
Suing a gun manufature for a particular injury or death caused by someones careless or malevolent action, is like suing Apple or Samsung for a particular injury or death caused by someone carelesslt texting on their smart phone while they were operating a  car or heavy machinery.
Its false that most of the heroin is coming from Mexico. Mexico's total annual production of heroin can only account for 10% of the  the U.S demand. Its not a coincidence that the use of heroin exploded after we invaded Afghanistan. Which is the number one producer of heroin.
President Trump should have chosen Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi to be the Attorney General. She is a real patriot.
27 man FBI swat team with an amphibious assault team ,armoured vehicles, dogs, helicopters, snipers ect. All to arrest an unarmed 72 yr.old man with no criminal record. For lying? The FBI has become a conponent of the federal govs standing armies and must be reformed or abolished
@cursedsalad The zionists are so powerful. They've had complete control over our monetary system via their Federal Reserve Monopoly since 1913. This has allowed them to buy up media,education, politicians, as well as church pastors. They threaten the nation not to discuss zionism or jews!
RT @cursedsalad: 1. How many governments must the US topple before Americans realize that we are systematically dismantling Israel's enemie…
Anyone that supports open borders in America is a domestic enemy of the American People and the  Constitution.
When things become rotten, they turn brown and black. Preserve America. Dont sit by and watch the nation rot.
Of course the zionist mafia media wants to convince America that the white christian federal democracy in Russia is hostile to the U.S.  These zionist war mongers love to see the two nations destroy one another
Its called respecting the letter and spirit of the 2nd Amendment and our Bill of Rights https://t.co/tJ7nfNPUf3
@LouDobbs @FredFleitz @POTUS @realDonaldTrump Dan Coates is from my home state. He has a reputation of being a corrupt deep state operative. Hes only a republican in name.
@RepMattGaetz Thats why Florida keeps having voting fraud. Criminals in the govt refuse to do whats necessary to thrwart vote fraud.
@Jim_Jordan Raise the voting age to 21
Abolish the DOJ! Arrest those FBI agents guilty of high treason  for trying to conduct a coupe against the president.The DOJ lied ,stating Russia was their concern  yet they intentionally ignore all of the solid evidence that the Clinton campaign did in fact collude with Russians
I truly empathize with blacks that are attacked by other blacks ,just for  being conservatives. https://t.co/8Ib2zqdlJR
White Europe society ,despite having existed for many centuries, was never able to create the type of innovation and prosperity that America has created because Europe was plagued with monopolies and the Vatican which almost always repressed new ideas in order to retain power.
The oceans warming by less then a degree is not killing the worlds coral reefs. Its because of fukishima's nuclear waste that is still pouring into the ocean everyday as well as all of the dumping of trash, constant pollution ,such as the massive oil and chemical spills..
People conflate and confuse the terms racism for ethnocentrism. The two.are not the same. Only caucasians are violently attacked for their ethnocentric proclivities , constantly being  falsely accussed of racism.
Neoliberals need to have it explained to them.that its not Trumps wall, its America's wall. Americans are going to have the wall whether or not Trump gets it done or not.
There was more hate against good patriotic Americans ,including the president, at the witches march, then at any KKK rally.
The communists/ marxists have always used the racial and cultural divisuons within a nation, to foment civil war in those nations. They understand that the only way for any nation to survive the test of time is for the Founding people of that society to remain the majority.
@SelimSeesYou @youngarch_ One has to wonder just how much christianity was really a part of Trump's life considering his own daughter backslid into marryibg and converting to judaism. Another reminder that judaism is a religion, because you cant changebyour race.
@HarmlessYardDog Global warming?
Africans captured other Africans in tribal warfare.They would sell their captives primarily to muslim and jewish slave traders and then later imported into the New World where slavery would eventually be abolished. In 2019 slavery is still a widely practised crime in Africa.
@mitchellvii @RealMattCouch Shes got the N* gg*rs vote all day.
@RichardWellings @Geraldi36333459 This may be the beginning of a real revolt in France. Which will spread throughout Germany. Cant wait to see mass deportations of non whites out of Europe and hopefully America will be wise enough to follow.
@WholesomeRight How would you feel if you had a jewish rabbi gnaw off your foreskin and sucjk the blood until it stops bleeding. Its no wonder why male jews can have such serious latent violent tendencies. That may even be one of the reasons that they do this traumatic mutilation to their males
@CARRIE4TRUTH @DianaFry18 zZonist controlled churches and media have use self fulling false prophecy.. The world wiould be destroyed by world war before anyone group of people could succeed in forcing the whole Earth under a slave planet. The zionist need to denounce the talmud and give up their NWO
@kelly_ramona @vicksiern The dems are hysterica l and irrationsl and dangerous.
@MattWalshBlog @DianaFry18 This must really excite the Molech cults that permeate the abortion industry. Its actually child sacrificial religion of the worshippers of Molech. New York needs to be quarantined from the rest of the national body
RT @DavidWohl: @realDonaldTrump I will repeat, I hereby volunteer to assist in Roger Stone's defense - free of charge. 		What is happening…
Claiming that blacks are proportionally incarcerated in greater numbers then whites is like claiming that men are incarcerated for rape proportionally more then women.
@JackLon09169906 Blacks like to accuse white people of cultural appropriation yet theyre always dressing in three piece suits and doing their hair like white people No people on earth have tried to appropriate another culture more then the hunter and gathers from Africa trying to become civilized
After the Revolution patriots made the mistake of allowing loyalists &amp; tories to remain in America. This enabled British assassins to take out many of the Founding Fathers and their families after the war. George Washington wanted to burn down N.Y.C. Congress denied his request.
@LouDobbs AIPAC will have bled us dry long before any Russisn bomb
@RealMattCouch Our whole entire election system has gotvto be reformed.
The military industrial complex always has a boogie man to blame and direct the attention on. Whether its,Osama, Sadam or now Russian President Vladimir Putin.
@gatewaypundit She is a high paid prostitute. She wouldve never been able to defeat her opponent had it not been for the neocons basckstabbing her. Just like Kobach in Kansas governor election.
The demoralizing of a nation https://t.co/O8WBcTcmYy
" Dissent is the highest form of patriotism. "  Thomas Jefferson
@HarmlessYardDog Their plan " greater israel" is to expand the borders of Israel and make it the capitol of the new world order. Anerica and Europe must be destroyed and brought down in order for this to occur. Theyve had control over the U.S.since 1913
Corporations employ unethical scientists to create false data ,interpretations and conclusions about certain chemicals that they produce. So they can sell their industrial waste, as a fertilizer for example, rather than paying costly disposal fees they can make even more profits
@dbongino Swalwell is one of the most devious traitors in the democrat party.
@dbongino Neoliberal propaganda. Is designed to demoralize and shame America into accepting death by demographics. Once the States become majority non white. Then the nation created of, by and for caucasian s will soon perish and become no different then any other third world hell.
America's is under Zionist occupational control. it's not a coincidence that we are constantly bombarded every day with terms like anti-semite, Naz,and Hitler because this is in the consciousness of the elite 1% they know what the cobsequences have been in the past for their acts
Neoliberals claim walls dont work and that they are unethical. Then these same liberals create human walls in order to block traffic and prevent the free movement of American citizens.
If women killing their babies in the womb is a symbol of the neoliberal women empowerment, then for the sake of humanity its best that these women never obtain sociopolitical power
This is exactly why Hillary has not been touched. Prosecuting her would break the whole dam tyrannical cabal. She was emboldened to set up a multi million dollar private server in order to profit from classified info. Obviously she felt untouchable. She cimmitted espionage https://t.co/TOD4YLW1lK
Another factor to consider is all of the foreign infectious diseases that are tracked into .our country. We spend almost half of our medicare budget on illegal aliens. While our own vets go without. Its got to be clear that America is under seige. https://t.co/ZaO4pQJ2wd
Our youth are intentionally not being instructed in either civics or ethics. This is because the neoliberals dont want ethical civilans. They preach shame and demoralize the nation.These marxists have to be extricated from the educational system before they poison many more minds
@W_McPrivilege @snopes Studies are exactly like polls. So easy to manipulate the data. Even the best scientific studies become compromised because the demands of their corporate masters that are wanting a specific outcome. Ethics isnt required in a science degree because they dont want ethica l drines
"No free man shall be debarred of the right to keep and bear arms." Thomas Jefferson	 If a person has committed a serious enough of a crime then they should remain incarcerated. Otherwise if one is free then they  have inalienable RIGHT not just privileges. Security is a right
I hope Europe kicks their black asses all the way back to the Congo. https://t.co/7E2f3HH6cr
@1776Stonewall The zionutz are almost always behind these social acts ,as part of their larger agenda. Demoralizing and bankrupting America is one of their main objectives
Under the leadership of President Donald Trump America is now the largest exporter of energy worldwide.
@dbongino Obama and his confederates must be prosecuted for high treason.
@deplorablem1ke @vicksiern The real TRUMP card.
Thanks gor standing tall and strong for real Americans. https://t.co/GvrXRsbf1X
The very fact that the State of the Union Address has been cancelled by the neoliberals, for the first time in American history, reveals the true State of the Union.
@johncardillo @IlhanMN Domestic enemies within.
@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Trump won 33 States, Clinton only won 16. They split Maine. Half of the states that she won have the lowest populations like Hawaii , Nevada, and Rhode island.. Its obvious that voter fraud /illegal aliens voted in mass especially in Santuary cities. Inflating Clinton's numbers
@adriandt31 @DorothyMontgom4 The left has aligned itself with islam and stand up to defend MS-13 and mexican cartels
@BrowningMachine @meinvolk14 The electoral college is genius and quintessential to our Constitution. It prevents any state rom falsely inflating their voting tallies.Each state is given proportional votes based on the population via the census.Each state and candidate knows the electoral votes each state has
@blaircottrell89 Sodomites are all self haters.
The Supreme Court intentionally ignores the 9th Amendment because it is the repository of the people's power and natural rights.
Its no racist for white Americans to oppose non white immigration, as it is for Japanese to oppose non jaspanese immigration. Its only about sociopolitical survival of American culture. Which is not and never has been a multicultural nation. It was created by and for whites.
@cursedsalad Only when we can identify our enemy can we hope to win. The jewshave  been bleeding us dry to weaken us, so that when it finally becomes evident to the masses that the jews have stabbed them in the back , forcing them into destitution or an early grave in their once great nation
@ChuckCallesto These people have begun to take over and it has to be reversed orvall hell is coming to America. No more Disneyland and eating out for dinner.
@JackLon09169906 Whites dont get sickle cell anemia. Blacks also have much higher levels of genetic diseases and disorders. Along with crime, ,welfare,, and affirmative action programs, the black population is a heavy burden on our civilization. They continue to drain the nations resources.
@LanaLokteff Shes not a viable candidate. Shes running only for her personal popularity.
@LNW4Trump @gatewaypundit The FBI has never been non political. Only the idiots could possibly believe this. The whole DOJ needs to be abolished and replaced.
@JacobAWohl @JohnNotnofx Yes and it is inevitable. In the future a white nation will rise again in North  America, in order to prevent demographicide
Things turn brown when they begin to rot. Wake up America or perish.
Maybe Pelosi cancelled the state of the Union address because they didnt want the people to question where Ginsberg is? Revealing that she can no longer fullfill her duties.
@HarmlessYardDog I think that theyre going to keep her hidden while they plot to take out Trump and Pence one way or another. They JFK'd Scalia. The stakes are very high. Theyll do anything to stop Trump from replacing her.
@westland_will The Freemasons are sworn guardians of israel.
@us_pill The problem with christianity is that it can mean many things. However most churches have been bought out by the zionists or submitted to 503c
Americans need to realize that its not just illegal aliens coning into the country that is the problem. Human traficking and kidnapping are at all time highs. South Americans are kidnapping and smuggling American women and children out of the country to be sold as sex slaves.
Our nations youth are being indoctrinated into the lies of socialism, by the educational institutions.
Its almost like CNN  and MSNBC are truly domestic enemies that are trying to destroy the free press by constantly engaging in partisan propaganda, fake news, and defamatory attacks on the President with the goal of undermining the Office of the President.
Obviously if Mueller had anything at all on Trump he wouldnt have waited for Trump to appoint two soon to be three associate justices to the Supreme court. Hes just milking the job for money.
The Supreme court can not prevent a president from rescnding an executive order. This is a clear violation of separation of powers. You Won’t Believe How The Supreme Court Just Stabbed Trump In The Back https://t.co/lgfJV2phpX
@ChatByCC Dont  give up. Its shear political naivete to think the president has foresaken his goal. It was wise to reopen the gov. for a few weeks. So that when the democrats prove their unwillingness to pass border funding. Then Trump can declare the emergency and build the wall.
This is why I oppose gays adopting children.	“Transgender” Parents Force Sex-Change On 5-Year-Old Boy https://t.co/Vftyv7GHKz
@ForeverMiirin @OctagonLocks @andyobryan @StefanMolyneux I understand your frustration friend. Our gov. was taken over a long time ago. The real enemy we face has had control of the U.S. since the 1913 federal reserve act. They killed JFK and shot Reagan for trying to remove them. Abd now Trump is thteatening their conspiracy.
@Ryn0ceros @Stevespoc @CNN The LEGAL definition of terrorism is using violence to force someone to alter their religious or political beliefs.   Many people tendvvto conflate terrorism with Coercion , intimidation, harrasment,  are different and distinct actions under the law.
Trump mist put and end to the unconstitutional Mueller investigation demand that he" shows his cards" The President is the Chief executive and has a duty to exercise direction and oversight of the DOJ. Attempting to usurp the Presidents authority is treason. Mueller is a traitor! https://t.co/Z5ncMpVLYI
The elite always monopolize industry, manufacturing ,and finance, ect, The elite only desire a manageable population where they control and are the primary beneficiaries of all potential innovation. This is why America excelled so far and fast and Europe remained stagnent FREEDOM
Im so sick of hearing our public servents tell us that we need more immigrants to come to America. Whenever they murder millions of future Americans in the womb every year. We need more natural born American babies, more Anerican families.
The democrat party has proven that will absolutely put illegal aliens needs and security before those of American citizens. In hopes of getting their votes in the future. Our Founders would be heating up the tar and feathers by now.
@RealMattCouch Theyre preparing for her death. Its going to cause hysteria. I wouldnt be surprised if that didnt factor into Trumps decision to reopen the gov. Despite the dems threatening our National security via obstructing border security funding.
@AnnCoulter He belongs in israel with the rest of the "chosen Ones"
If the God of nature had intended us all to be one race, it would be so. Evidently the reason for genetic biodiversity is to create beings of all different types and capabilities. There is no equality in nature. Equality is a social construct.
@ForeverMiirin @OctagonLocks @andyobryan @StefanMolyneux Trump has not been able to appoint any real patriots. Hes barely even able to get anyone appointed at all. I agree Im utterly dissapointed in most all of his appointments. Gen Flynn was good but look how fast and hard they went after him.Trump underestimated his opponents.
@StefanMolyneux The DOJ is a rogue agency, that uses financial ruin and defamation to persecute innocent sociopolitical enemies and personal vendettas. They sheild traitors like Clinton and Obama. They refuse Congressional oversight. The mafia always infiltrates law enforcement including The DOJ
Marcus Garvey agreed with Abe Lincoln. The only possible way to resolve the wrongs of past enslavement, is for each and every African  descendent safe passage back to their homeland.
All great nations were eventually destroyed by demographic changes.
@dissentcoach @douglasmercer33 Trump underestimated his opponents and is politically a rookie. I still think he will come through. He is facing an entire secret gov. That would rather him and his whole family were JFK Hes got alot to lose. Right now hes trying to figure out how to defeat this monster
@AnnCoulter Patience is warranted in this situation. I still have faith that we can se cure our borders .. if not get ready for thevworst.
@IrishVol69th @vicksiern He never fooled me thats why i stayed home 2012
@Stevespoc @CNN Terrorism- the use of violence against another solely for the purpose of forcing them to change their political or religious beliefs.
@samfranfan @CNN The jewish elite have long been employing an agenda of demographic replacement in all Western nations. This is part of their larger agenda of a despotic world system with them in control.
@gatewaypundit @MichaelRapaport So many scum bags in Hollywood know that the harsher the comments they make about American patriots and the more attention that they can get. Makes them a preferred choice for the marxist, jewish hollywood moguls. Theyre pandering to the radical left the more movies they get make
@Lrihendry @jeanineeg The civil war was democrat versus republican. I think its going to have to happen again because its going to be necessary to truly solve our social strife. People are too stupid to peacefully divorce. It almost always results in civil war. Thats why the left has allied with islam
@robthehook @gatewaypundit Trump didnt cave he is setting up the national emergency . He wants to give them more then enough time to get on board but the "wall" is going to be built.
@blaircottrell89 Australia, like America and Europe is just another ZOG  therefore Australia will be forced to followvtheir nararive
While America is giving all of the preferences to unqualified minorities in academics. Our nation is being set up for a future of failure. China is only giving preference to the merits of their best and brightest. In 20 years theyll be able to out pace and out achieve America.
Will America be diversified to death?
There is no consent  by the People under the Constitution for the DOJ. Mueller is a life long deep state operative. https://t.co/viXzQV7yy1
@LaurenRoseUltra "Ye are the synogogue of satan."
Will America fire back? Because this is coming to America. https://t.co/ZfPRK89ODs
@empower333 @JackLon09169906 @realDonaldTrump @POTUS Theyre going to call you a racist anyway. If you make one wrong statement around a group of them they like to mob individuals
@DVATW Blacks commit much more violent crime but are actually under prosecuted for their crimes.
@Sowellnomics @JackLon09169906 Those are christian values. Obviously you have never read sny of the jewish talmud.
Roger Stone had his home raided for allegedly lying to the FBI. Hilary Clinton continues to go free. The unconstitutional DOJ ought to be abolished. Nothing threatens this nation  more then the subversion of the rule of kaw.
@StefanMolyneux All non whites are coming to America because only whites can build successful civilizations. Still waiting for Africa to prove me wrong. Neoliberals claim that they can predict the end of the world from climate change will come before Africa will be able to build a civilization?
@JackLon09169906 @ConfessionWhite Also just because a white guy does not like a particular black guyvdoes not mean its because of race.
Blacks, whites, and latinos have to serve time in high stress, highly violent and contentious " integrated" prisons. While the jews are given their own luxurious prisons and given special religious privileges. The jewish mafia is the oldest, largest and most powerful in the world
This is what every social justice thug needs a slap upside the head to wake up https://t.co/R600FNInlx
@LiamVerum @JackLon09169906 The only difference is white men dont gang up like blacks and hispanics.
The reason that subsequent generations of Americans are so stupid is because theyve only read comic books instead of reading the many great classic writings of literature.
@TellYourSonThis @KingStevenJames The spirit can not be mastered like the body. The spirit is to be cultivated. It will grow and reveal its true nature.
@charliekirk11 The republican party is controlled opposition by the same international bankers
@blaircottrell89 Indians were hunters and gathers that were so violent towards each other that no prosperity or innovation could ever occur. Not even common language.
The jews have their own luxurious prisons. Thats only Whenever they are actually prosecuted, since theyve got the social power to evade justice.They dont suffer for their crimes like everyone else. The jews are masters of always portraying themselves as victims never guilty.
The power of the media. https://t.co/znXbU66MSK
President Trump really needs to expose the treason of the democratic party Clinton, Obama and their attemptvto overthrow an election. They are dangerous enemies that are going to destroy him and our country if he dont hold their feet to the fire.
@JacobAWohl Please explain how were supposed to keep our accounts from getting closed? Maybe your not saying nothing that worries them others obviously do
@DailyCaller What a nutter.
Democrats want to leave our borders unsecure and they dont want to protect our children's schools. Instead theyre concerned with how they are going to aid and protect foreign invaders.
The department of justice should be abolished. The unconstitutional Mueller special prosecutor ,has revealed that the unchecked rogue agency uses financial ruin and social defamation to ruin anyone that they cant prosecute for doing something wrong.
@charliekirk11 They hated America long before Trump came along. The democrat party has been working to eliminate our Constitution for overca century. Begin with the federal reserve act of 1913.
@cursedsalad The jews are the most powerful mafia. They wouldnt have the power to destroy free speech in America. However here we are. People are afraid to speak common sense because it goes against their agenda.Its easy to see why theyve bern expelled from 250 countries in the past
We do not have to live our lives in subjugation of hate, fear, and violence. The divorce of political ties between the so called left and right in America is natural and inevitable. Will we be wise to do so as peaceable as humanly possible.
I fear that the intentional and prolonged neglect of American's civilian militias,  have rendered the People of our nation unable to defend themselves against absolute despotism.
@HLAurora63 @cr14carlson COHEN says it all
@charliekirk11 California and sanctuary ( treasonous) states,  are examples of exactly why the electoral college was invented.
You dont see christians going around like rabid rats calling everybody antichrists when someone disagrees with them or offends.
@realDonaldTrump @DougWead The New Deal was unconstitutional. FDR seized all of the peoples gold and private property. Private property was collateralized and our current " property tax" goes towards paying the mere interest on that role.
Have you ever taken the time to objectively discover why the enemies of all humanity and nature have had to be expelled from over 250 nations? Despite their control over the media, Hollywood, printing houses and newspapers, alot of truth can still be uncovered
Another good example, reminding us all, that virtually anyone and everyone is capable of committing acts of violence.		South Carolina Pastor Arrested for Strangling Pregnant Woman Outside His Church - Christian News Headlines https://t.co/o4Fab9Yi4G via @christianhlines
@scrufflawckb @RealSaavedra Thats the whole point. Pain and misery will spread if illegal immigration continues. Civil war will result.
@RealSaavedra The disgrace to see someone like her in our Congress is a great disgrace. Hear her words are unpatriotic and represent a dangerous time coning in North America.
@The_Trump_Train To take and demand for their every need to be met.
@whitepill_us Abortion is fiercly defended by them because  abortion is serving as the alter of Molech until they feel powerful enough to do their misheif without fear of a  public revolt.
@realDonaldTrump Libertarians want an complete end to the war on drugs.. the WAR only exacerbates the social ills of those who abuse any substance or medication. The war on drugs has disgraced our nation. The federal gov has no authority to prosecute adults for using any substance they may choose
@senatemajldr Stop pandering to the leftwing neoliberals, oh thats right youre one yourself..
Make no mistake about the opiod hysteria and attacks upon physicians that prescribe these medications. The old mafia would love to force the American people to have to purchase opiods on the black market.
Barr is a new world order Vush recycled swamp thing. Out of all Americans Trump recycles another neocon? https://t.co/EkIG92M7BA
RT @JLPtalk: .@SteveKingIA is the furthest thing from a “white supremacist.” @nytimes knows he was referring to Western Civilization, but t…
Our educational system has become subverted. Instead of teaching people how to think critically, they're telling them "what"to think.
@RyanAFournier Prominent democrats are guilty of a myriad of capitol offenses. Obama, Clintons, and many others employed the DOJ , NSA , and FBI and other assetts to spy on and sabotage the campaign and later the 45 president Donald Trump. All on false pretenses and without any evidence.
@JamesRoesch @oldblacktooth @ScottMGreer @nytimes Its because the real enemy owns both parties. The democrats are the party of open treason. The republicans are the controlled opposition. Jeff Flake and John Kasich now work for CNN. Are good examples of neolibs that posed as republicans until they did their damage.
@GrasshopperSpit @MollyJongFast @SteveKingIA They claim that hate is so bad, then they spread hatred and violence against the so called white supremists. Its just sociopolitical programming designed to suppress caucasian solidarity, while they infiltrate and subvert America and Europe.
A.G. nominee Barr does not honor or comprehend  the 9th and 10th Amendments of the Bill of Rights. He opposses the Right of the People to nullify Constitutional violations. Jury nullification and State nullification are quintessential to American Freedom.
@realDonaldTrump How good could the FBI  be if they dont even hold their own people accountable. Its not just a few bad apples. Its more of a pile of rot with a few good apples left. The swamp could not even exist if the FBI were enforcing the law. Instead they maintain the swamp.
@whitepuppyman @cutelamas Good to know friend.  Remember knowledge is half the battle.
@ElginFoehammer @Bun2437 @WayneDupreeShow @AnnCoulter @SheriffClarke Trump underestimated his enemies.  Look at JFK. They killed him, his brother, and his son.  Trump has too much to lose regarding his own family. We need a single warrior. Like President Jackson after the bankers assassinated his wife and they failed to kill him. Nothing to lose
Congress can NOT lawfully abrogate it's duties and obligations created under the Constitution. However, Congress officially did this when they passed the Federal Reserve Act of 1913. Creating the Fed Reserve, giving control of the monetary system to private international bankers.
There's absolutely no Authority in to the Constitutional for the Department of Justice and therefore no authority for a roaming" special counsel".
@Tweets4MAGA @ThinBlueLine614 Sad because a 16 yr old boy could not legally carry a firearm.
Generations of pyschological warfare on whites has created a small population of weak mibded self hating traitors. https://t.co/NqWNGY7Hll
@whitepuppyman @cutelamas A very true and astute observation. I begin putting the pressure on any and all anti white fools.
@cyamicha @GoGo_Fatale @haaretzcom Its because their job is to push the sociopolitical atmosphere conducive to the jew world order plan for world domination.
RT @TinyLittleTimmy: @DavMicRot It's not Russia, never had much to do with them, it's Israel, him &amp; his son kissing BB, they lead USA to he…
@1776Stonewall Goes to show just how many marxists have posed as republicans and gained high positions in the GOP because the GOP is the zionist controlled opposition. Without Trump both parties would still be pushing our country into the despair and poverty pf socialism
@LouDobbs @realDonaldTrump The whole point of the census is to determine the correct number of U.S. citizens.  Democrats prove that they dont care about the integrity of our elections.
@seanhannity Ruby ridge, Waco? The FBI has a long history of murder and mayheim. Now theyre implicated in a potential coupe against the 45th president of the I.S. Must abolish and replace the we hole DOJ in order to restore faith.
@MollyJongFast @SteveKingIA Im sorry for your family
@SteveKingIA I support Steve King. Mc Carthy is just another California liberal hoping to undermine the party. As long as he is in leadership im not going to contribute to the RNC.
I support rep. KING.  I can no longer support the GOP.. Rep. Steve King removed from committee assignments amid 'white supremacist' controversy https://t.co/cuspiBExDx #FoxNews
@1776Stonewall This is who almost allbof thesr mahor corpirations are. Buy local. Buy artisan whenever possible.
@whitepill_us It is truly repugnant to witness those that would walk over and past the many in need of aid in their own community, in favor of helping someone else based primarily on politically correct social approval.
@whitepill_us Billions of zionist dollars pour into the 503c churches. The decieved masses.  Theyve boight the new age " judeo christianity" mythology, rather then actually reading the New Testement. Revelations chapter 2 , Jesus' words make it clear The jews are the seed of the devil.
The zionists are trying hard to foment a war between the christian federal gov of Russia, and the federal gov of the U.S.A.
@1776Stonewall Democrats have become the enemies of free speech.
RT @smalltownandrew: Do you agree with Lindsey Graham that @POTUS should temporarily re open the government and than try to negotiate for a…
Republicans in name only. https://t.co/JcdTiuSfFR
@RepMarkMeadows Abolish the DOJ
@LanaLokteff They have serious inferiority complexes,
Build the F-ing wall President Trump!
@Nature_and_Race Whites have been programmed from birth to stand down. Or else. The blacks have been given the wink and nod to get revenge. Even though theyve been lashing out at the wrong group. They need to study the jewish history of the african slave trade.
@DefendEvropa Illegal immigrants drag wages down so low
@Nature_and_Race Birds of a feather will always flock together.
@Outlander158 Denying the intellectual attributes of a race, in order to appease another race.
@Nature_and_Race Give a white man a pile of bricks and he'll make a building. Give a black man a building and he'll make a pile of bricks.
Genetics determine intelligence. The sooner people come to grips with reality the better. However, trying to force people to suppress their intellect and or capabilities in order to preserve the sociopolitical agenda of a few, has failed and is over. https://t.co/WGyt3DABe7
Time for the Constitutional scholars to explain how and when did the Department of Justice become an unelected, seperate, and independent branch of gov? The Constitution authorizes the democratically elected sheriff and the militia to enforce domestic law, not the fed gov
@adv_albert @JackLon09169906 The U.S.A. also ignores private property rights. Civil asset forfeiture is just one example.
@PrinceBraith9th @Karl_Downey Sink all invaders to the bottom of the Ocean
@SableSunDiz @Outsider__14 The jews have successfully brainwashed the masses of idiots that they are gods chosen people, snd are above reproach for anything that they do.
@Alexanderseddon @Nature_and_Race Only a fool underestimates an opponent. I know many women that are skilled and well trained enough to take down 90% of  men.
@Nature_and_Race Now thats equality.
@SenJoniErnst Steve King is a true patriot
President Trump declares National Emergency on the Border, but fails to do anything about it?
@charliekirk11 I oppose background checks because theyre unconstitutiinal violations of due process and 5th Amendment, &amp;  privacy. These checks are used as defacto gun registration, which is illegal. " no free man shall be debarred of the RIGHT to keep &amp; bear arms." Thomas Jefferson
President Trump is going to have to do some serious soul searching. We know he is aware of how corrupt our systedm of gov has become. However JFK reminds him that he has a wife and family to consider. America needs a spartacus to fight for the Peoples rights
Trump needs to stop telling us that he can secure the border, under a national emergency, but then say that he's not going to do that. Combine that with a rogue DOJ. I dont think Trump is willing or able to do whats necessary to save the country.
Evangelicals are not only the most ignorant population in America but are more loyal to their jewish idols, then to the Constitution. Perhaps they should convert to judaism and migrate to israel.  It becomes all so clear how the elect has been decieved in the end times.
@ScrewedHumans The media have become dmestic enemies and are trying to destroy our nation by fomenting violence sgainat our President and patriots.
@GovRonDeSantis Thats strong  leadership. Ron is the man.
@JeffHiggs4 @GoGo_Fatale @RobertJohnDavi @MAGAlover99 The jews have been in control of our nation  since at least 1913. Having monopolzed the monetary system via their federal reserve.
The fact that the term " antisemetic" is constantly used as a weapon to control what people say and think, is evidence that the jewish elite mafia are the real enemies of all humanity and nature. Having gained their wealth from centuries of usury and dominating the slave trade.
RT @LouDobbs: #LDTPoll: Do you believe President Trump should declare a national emergency to secure our southern border and impede illegal…
The reason that there was no autopsy or investigation into Scalia's death, despite the suspicios facts pertaining to his case, is because its all a part of the deep state strategyof intimidation to all other " originalist justices".
Unlike most states, California prevents the normal and reasonable harvest of forest debris by campers.	  Trump Halts FEMA Funds for Calif. Wildfires, Forest Management https://t.co/eNY2OvyNni #Newsmax via @Newsmax
@ramzpaul @VincentCarson14 California ought to have its federal election privileges suspended.
@gatewaypundit I was just thinking how they look like witches that have Hanzel and Gretel in the oven.  There is an evil deep in their eyes. As they committ treason by waging war on the Peoples security.
Next time you hear a black person in America protesting about the crime of slavery that was committed in the ancient past, bring to their attention that for decades now mostly blacks have dominated sex trafficking. Using drugs and violence to force white girls into prostitution.
RT @GOP: .@realDonaldTrump is committed to securing our border! https://t.co/rAD0D9iA5E
@adriandt31 @DeborahStoval17 Schumer and Pelosi are domestic enemies of the Constitution.
NATIONAL EMERGENCY ON THE SOUTHERN BORDER: The democrats sure did want a national emergency declared in California for the 71 people killed in the forest fires, yet according to democrats the thousands of Americans killed by illegal aliens is simply a manufactured crisis.
Alcohol kills far many more Anericans each and every year, then opiates. We learned with prohibition, that attempting to criminalize alcohol use ,causes crime and deaths to greatly increase. Same with opiates. No Quality control of drugs results in injuries and deaths
President Trump is frequently seen with Vice President Pence, which has not been traditional security protocol in the past. The two are usually kept at seperate locations as much as possible. The House Speaker Pelosi would become President if both Trump and Pence were killed.
@StefanMolyneux There is no group of people more ethnocentric then the jews. Their talmud reveals their desire for global domination under the iron fist of a dictator the jew messiah.
@V_of_Europe In America weve got the right to bear arms. Antifa and their confederates will pay the ultimate price for their violence and terrorism.
@V_of_Europe Fight back twice as hard.
@SenTedCruz @KXAN_News @RepRooney Term limits were first implemented by president George Washington and president Thomas Jefferson affirmed the precedent. However, it was only for the presidency. Term limits need to apply to all federal gov servants . Both elected and unelected bureaucrats.
@dbongino The leftists are succeeding in making socialism a trendy default answer for the programmed masses. All piblic education tainted
@MiaVendetta110 The genetics reflect the people. Its the people that create and sustain great nations. If Americans allows Central Americans to migrate into the U.S.A. then in a couple of decades, or less, it will degenerate into a 3rd world country like Columbia.
@SenatorCollins There can be no compromise when it comes to American Sovereignty  and the imminent safety and security of oir nation. Republicans have compromised time and time again. Only to see amnesty and unsecure borders. The money saved on border security ,by having a "wall" is substantial.
RBG must resign. If there is even an ounce of patriotism in her heart? She is entirely incapable of performing her duties.		 DEVELOPING: Ruth Bader Ginsburg to Miss Supreme Court Arguments for First Time in 25 Years | Sean Hannity https://t.co/LtHepagFsJ
" give me control over a nations currency, and it won't matter what laws they pass." Amschel Rothschild
The most effective means of controlling a people, is to control that nation's monetary sysyem. This is how America has been sub(jew)gated. That ancient tribe thats chosen to be an enemy to all of humanity and nature.
Congratulations mom and dad. After only 4 years and $100,000., your progeny is now an avowed Marxist that can't even distinguish between  man and a women. Most of these archaic Universities have been infiltrated and subverted by radical leftwing organizations.
@Nature_and_Race Hitler was all about uniting the caucasian races of Europe but understood that it was the blonde / red hair blue eyed volk that were the  descendents of the Pleadians  Nordic
@pahubb43 The mislims are taking over. The have 6 kids per family on average. Theyll bring war and terror with them. Sad to see America die.
@ScrewedHumans Muslims are taking over. This is very bad. This is an indication that America will soon be in the same state of war and terror. As in all islamic nations. Our Constitution is incompatible with islam but our gov doesnt abide by the Constitution anymore.
Trump said he could declare a state of emergency on the border, in order to build the wall. However he gave no good reason why he hasn't done this yet?
Best action to take ,if youre unarmed and are taking enemy fire, is to run as fast as you can , while still being able to zig &amp; zag However they instruct our youth to shelter in place. Which could also be teaching them to be a sitting duck. Public schools are cursed.
@LaurenRoseUltra Our Founding Fathers are rolling over in their graves. The quality of our representatives is only getting worse because the new generation neglects the principles of freedom that made our society great.
@V_of_Europe Swedish gov. is run bu feminists.
RT @MiaVendetta110: We often hear that we must pay for the alleged misdeeds of our ancestors by submitting to mass immigration into our hom…
Hey god , now that Ive converted to judaism ,please remember to put my name on your list of  "chosen one's " Thanks, Ivanka Trump
@ramzpaul @JoeTM_SA Not obe single jew signed the Declaration of independence, or the Constitution. They were also prohibited from immigrating until the liberals let them in . They got their central bank and now America is ibfected with judeo usury
Finally a caucasian leader speaks the truth and stands against our ancient enemy https://t.co/ZXLWL9FzFj
The growing marijuana industry in the U.S.A. ought to be in full support of President Trump's construction of a border wall. Preventing cheap poor quality and contaminated Mexican marijuana from flooding the U.S. market. The wall will allow American farmers to prosper.
@1776Stonewall Clinate change is normal and always will be. The magnetic field changes in the Earth will cause glaciers to melt in one place and form new in another. Change is the only constant in nature.  Global cooling is a much more serious thteat to humanity
@MarkDice Now that McCain is dead there is a new open slot for backstabbing traitor/ fake poser in the deep state traitors.
@Emperor_Albus "Judeo christianity" is a new age term used to confuse those with little knowledge. Rev. 2:29- Jesus makes it clear that he is not a jew and that theyre the synogogue of satan. He said ye are not of my flock but are the children of the devil. The old testement is plagerized
@MiaVendetta110 They want jew to remain silent.
The deep state violently hates all who support President Trump. The deep state has got to be eradicated or else they will destroy this nation.
@RealJamesWoods Mitt Romney is a good character test. If you think he is a good guy. Then you are either under 20 yrs old, or naive.
@TheElusiveF @Outsider__14 The jewish mafia, is the largest, oldest mo st powerful in the entire world. Wealthy and powerful people can notcescape their attention. Anyone that tries to acomplish anything of significance anywhere on Earth will not escape having to appease or fight them. Very few fight
@ScrewedHumans She will not do well natiinally. Especially against Trump.
@RealSaavedra The democrats are domestic enemies of the Constitution and are trying to frame all of their political opponents as evil nazis, in order to prepare the people for a future when dems are back in power. Rounding up patriots and taking guns.
@RealMattCouch Considering all of the unecessary plastic pollutants killing our ocean reefs and wildlife people should be more mindful and use the new mettalic reusable straws.
Conservatives detest Mitt Romney. The deep state nominated him and had to cheat Ron Paul to win. Hes already attacking the president, rather then the democrats. Romney is a failed unelectable democrat thats now posing as a republican, using the mormon church as his base. https://t.co/9H7jyNlSkO
@MaeHorn14 @AmyMek Ehat makes you think that muslims who have 6-12 children per family wont chgange our laws when they get political majorities. Theyre already getting into Congress. They got big big big oil money. Plenty of degenerate Americans to be bought or coerced.
The domestic enemies of the Constitution, the democrats, want 71 billion dollars of our treasure , and just give away to foreign nations as "foreign aid". Alwhile they deny our nation even a mere 5 billion dollars to permenantly secure our border. Democrats are not patriots.
Mueller is the one who is obstructing justice., by continuing to prevent President Trump from exercising his lawful authority over the DOJ.
Mental illnesd is nothinh new. Whats new is the gov using it as a weapon to disarm and deprive many of their rights.
Kind of difficult to be a patriot if you hate the patriarchy.
@ACTBrigitte Someone cant just become Japanese or Russian. Americans are not the children of immigrants. Many of us are the descendants of pioneers and pilgrims that go back 12 generations or more on American soil. Alot of blood, sweat and tears have been shed to honor and be a patriot
@LanaLokteff Jew know why.
The southern border presents the greatest threat to American Sovereignty since 1812.
Democrats claim to be concerned about Russians influencing our election (with facebook posts), yet have not voiced one single concern about the 30 million+ illegal aliens here in America ,that are directly interferring in our elections. Even committing voting fraud.
@EdTed6 @NeeHess720 Consider that the word ADAM means rosy cheeks, blushing or ruddy complexion. Noah, who was considered perfect in his generations ( genetics) was so white when he was born that Methuselah said it was because he was from god.
The ZOG media's programming of the masses is well organized mind control. Repitition is what most sheep depend on to be their default response.  Learn to say I dont know, instead of regurgitating their propaganda. Just to be PC Are u an American patriot or a leftwing globalist? https://t.co/JTj8IjugJg
Its going to cost alot note to round them all up. Which is what patriots are going to do . The govt is not our master. https://t.co/YbXBr8Z5Qb
@69mib Please defend your women and children white men or youll beca shame and disgrace to all of your ancestors when you leave this world for the othe rside. Send these muslims to hell or back home
Make America vape my friend! https://t.co/UXrTuB0L4R
@turnandforfeit @Outsider__14 Make America vape ny friend.
Before Israel was created it was called the " Jewish Agency". This was an international front for the jewish mafia. Which is the oldest, largest, and most powerful mafia in the world. Ben Gurion simply announced one day in 1948, that he and his agents are now a nation state.
Why is America making a bunch of muslims rich beyond belief in the middle east, from buying their oil? When Venezuela is closer and has even more oil?
RT @birdman8272: Is it time for McConnell to use the nuclear option?		Please Vote and Retweet!	Want to see replies.
@NixonBauer @pahubb43 She is barely more evolved then the  gorilla. she resembles.
@pahubb43 SIC SEMPER DOMESTIC ENEMIES
@DVATW Because whites are being sociopolitically repressed, usurped, and genocided. All part of the ZOG plans for world domination. America, Europe and Russia have got to be eradicated and made 3rd world nations.
@LouDobbs @realDonaldTrump Gowdy is definitely a fraud. Only an idiot could believe that the DOJ should be above reproach. Trey would rather be with the deep state then against them. He doesnt want to take the heat like Trump.
@MazzGooner @EternalBritbong What denomination is true? If Jesus was in the hearts of christians, why would there be great dispute of virtually every verse of the bible. Christians are not in alignment on most issues. What kind of god allows men to dominate him to death and then flees never to return.Idoltry
The U.S. has a much better reason to depose Venezuela's socialist dictator and save millions from starvation. Rather then waging war in Syria.
@cursedsalad @BasedAce Israel has committed more acts of espionage against the U.S, then all other nations combined. They use their AIPAC lobby to buy the politicians of both parties and require their paid politicians to give hundreds of billions of dollars of Americas treasure to israhell
@EternalBritbong @MazzGooner The enemy created the sub religious structures of islam and christianity, to serve their own agenda. Their usury only works if they have a seperate and distinct people to ensnareacc nd enslave However controlling the religion and what the victims think makes them easy to control.
@RepSwalwell Democrat policies and obstruction is the primary reason that weve got 35 million illegal aliens running around our nation completely disregarding all of our laws. Killing thousands of innocent Americans.
Ending free speech , is what the joows intend to do in America. Like theyve done in Europe. The people are afraid to tell the truth. Thats why were witnessing constant attacks from the joowish media and all of their special interest groups like ADL SPLC ect. https://t.co/YxPwmDCwsk
Multiculturalist neoliberals are violent and intolerant of all others with different sociopolitical beliefs. This is because behind their cleverly designed masks of atruism and equality is that same old ugly evil devil of tyranny
@AlbionIsForever @douglasmercer33 It has been, at least since 1965, when the communists (ZOG) changed our immigratuon laws. Our nation used to only be for white Europeans. Every since theyve been letting in only non whites.. our country has went to ruin because of this mixing.
@NBA_Champs_16 @Education4Libs It makes sense when you realize that there is a much bigger plan that includes the destruction of America as part of their agenda ro create a one world govt dictatorship.
@Education4Libs @JohnChardRE She pught to be arrested and prosecuted  for siding and abetting crimunal activity.
@alexanderbruz @RyanAFournier @realDonaldTrump Democrats look at it, like one less white conservative voter.
@StefanMolyneux Having had extensive and prolonged interactions with blacks. I can attest to the fact that anti white hatred and racism is culturally accepted amongst blacks. A white man is not safe in a black hood by himself.
Do Americans really think that there are going to be enough patriots to join the U.S army and defend this country in the future, whenever our corrupt gov gives out more financial aid and assistance to illegal aliens then they do to for our sick, homeless and struggling veterans
RT @mitchellvii: Democrats hate America.  Retweet if you agree.
@StefanMolyneux The white race has been subject of intense hatred , jealousy, and envy by all of those members of non white racial groups that cant seem to cultivate civilization at all. They think that they can eliminate whites and rewrite history. Like Egyptology has done for example.
@ScrewedHumans Entertaining a lifestyle that includes 10,000 per night accommodations clearly reveals an insincere belief in charity. Rather then living in gross excess,
@DefendEvropa @VictorMace3 Of course she would. Shes part of the subversive left.
@MrAlfredGarnett @Geraldi36333459 No wonder other socities treat these degenerates harshly.
@Forio1955 @vicksiern Shumers kind is known for  lies and deciet. Its in his blood.
@StefanMolyneux @RWDSCorp The media taunts and ridicules whites for being concerned for their safety when it comes to the violent uncivilized non whites that are guilty of most of the violence in our society.
The police are only there to enforce the Unconstitutional acts implemented by the (ZOG) elite. They will not serve a nd protect the general community. This is why the Right to bear arms is sacred to all free men. https://t.co/4p6RB8ffm0
@AmyMek Germany has been occupied by (ZOG). Therefore were going to see every type of subversion occur in Germany. With the intention of destroying Germany if they refuse to be debt slaves for the( ZOG) If Europe and America continue to allow the ZOG to control them, theyll perish
@BasedPoland This confused mental patient doesnt even deserve to be addressed as sir... It ,is more appropriate.
Illegal aliens had better pray to god that Americans dont take up arms to defend our nation from invasion. Those who attempt to prevent the defense of our nation are to be identified and dealt with as the domestic enemies that they are.
@samjoiner19 @DeborahStoval17 Lincoln was shot because he went to war with the bankers and started printing debt free GREEN BACKS. Do you really think an assassin couldve got right up to his head, within inches, past the secret service and the army and shoot him with a &gt;DERRINGER&lt; if it wasnt an inside job?
The respectable working class is in debt and or struggling to obtain the basic modern necessities of life, while the1-2% elite effectively parasite off of the monopoly over our monetary system aka the Fed. The People are suffering under the tyranny of usury. It is deadly.
The lust for global domination is their agenda. Indeed they believe god has given them heir of the whole Earth and all therein.They intend to ,and must drastically reduce the population by 90% in order to achieve their New World.They are the gravest threat humanity has ever seen
@Nature_and_Race Youd be wise to tolerate all social interaction amongst your volks. Thats what leads to many good things. Far more then just comnentating online.
@cursedsalad The fact is China is bad. However, no nation commits espionage and steals state secrets from the U.S.A. more the Israel. Theyre number one.
@jose2ss @LuizFernandoSMC @V_of_Europe The only reason the vatican is concerned is tithings and slaves . They need a large population to thrive.
@LuizFernandoSMC @V_of_Europe The church was so against progress they used to imprison people for wearing eyeglasses.l America revolution is what created the West.  Which also prohibited catholic , jewish and muslim immigration. The vatican is an oppressive institution. Inquisition will forever define them.
@V_of_Europe @VincentCarson14 The pope is the antichrist.Consider the inestimable amoint of wealth the vatican has. Yet theyve done nothing to eliminate  poverty and destruction.Consider how many people have been killed by the vatican in the past few centuries. Theyll do it again if they regain the power.
@savic44 @JackPosobiec @michaelmalice It's never good for someone who is a novice or inexperienced to smoke and drive. Its only for experienced respinsible adults. You were wise to pull over. Knowing your own limits and the gravity of the situation at hand, is the most important concern.
@JackPosobiec Marijuana is nothing at all like alcohol. Cannabis is 100% Non toxic, impossible to overdose on, unlike alcohol, which kills 90,000 a year, not counting auto accidents. It does not cause blackouts or loss of consciousness. No loss of motor function or cognitive capabilities.
@JackPosobiec Thats an uninformed assertion. Even the pharma companies that produce THC based drugs like Marinol claims that after the patient gets acclimated to the medication, that it is then fine to operate heavy machinery.
The Democrats succeeded threatening their way back to a majority in 2018 and the federal reserve's rapid and continuous raising of interest rates, is evidence that the banking mafia(ZOG) is trying to snuff out the economic prosperity that the Trump administration has cultivated.
@JackPosobiec @atexantoo Just like Kavanaugh. Its a play book.
@JackPosobiec @atexantoo The RNCs treatment of Roy Moore is why I swore not to contribute one more penny to the RNC
Freedom is our most precious treasure ;Sovereignty our most precious blessing.
@CitizenSmith314 @AHwhiteMan @StefanMolyneux The jews have succeeded in killing free speech in Europe ,Canada, Australia, America must stand strong for the truth and hold our enemies accountable. Its not difficult to understand ; theyve got a lust to rule the whole world. This is why theyre so busy fomenting war and chaos.
This is who gave Julian Assange the Podesta and Clinton Emails. He was a disgruntled Sanders supporter, that got back at Clinton and the DNC for cheating in the primary. He was obviously assassinated. https://t.co/hNMAO6mHqs
RT @TheDona01531168: Do you support President Trump and want a wall? Help me send a message to those idiots in congress.		I expect no less…
@realDonaldTrump @RandPaul The military industrial complex always opposses peace. Theyve kept us in perpetual war in Afghanistan ,Iraq ,Korea, Lybia, ect. Isis is funded by the complex, theyll fund anyone willing to committ murder and mayhem,  to give them the political excuse to keep wars going
@GOPChairwoman @NationMostXlnt The democrat party have been domestic enemies of the Constitutiin since at least the late 19th century. Theyve disguised it as progressivism. Theyre stronger now more then ever after having had dominace in education and media monopolies. Theyve programmed generations with lies.
To discover who rules over you, find out who you cant criticize, without being attacked by the corporate media monopoly. https://t.co/bL5jfFDaRg
Servents of federal govt can not arbitrarily declare an American citizen to be a terrorist. Americans have the absolute  Right to due process of law.Which means that a Jury of one's own peers must prove guilt beyond any reasonable doubt. In 2018 our jury system is broken.
@GiladAtzmon @ADrake12345 The zionutz are not at all interested in debate. They only attack.Theyre only interested in furthering their sociopolitical power and agenda at all costs Which is global gov. Dictatorship. With them in control.
@GiladAtzmon @ADrake12345 Americans should treasure their First Amendment right to freedom of speech while they still have it ,because if it's left up to the Jews they will rob us of this Freedom like they have everybody in Europe
@hodgetwins @DeborahStoval17 He. That is a man in disguise and will never be honored asca woman bit a freak of technology and medicine.
@StefanMolyneux Its because middle class white women have went insane trying to appease their P.C. masters. I consider it child abuse and medical malpractise to use the normal and natural confusion that accompanies the hormonal changes of adolescence to encourage a youth to undergo a sex change
@w_terrence Thats how ungrateful and stupid afro athletes can be.  I doubt Lebron even actually earned his high school diploma. Hes likely to have the education and inteelect of a 5 yr old.
The jews intentionally wrote most of the contemporary Christmas songs all about santa, snowmen, jinggle bells, candy and reindeer in effort to change the focus of the holiday away from CHRIST and replace it with the avaricious hollow day we celebrate now.
A society like ours is very dangerous. A degenerate morality allows for reckless scientists to threaten our safety. Many things ought to be left buried Scientists Unfreeze Worms After 42,000 Years That Are 'Moving and Eating'-	https://t.co/bocgAaBqSC	Via - @NeonNettle	#NeonNettle
@StefanMolyneux " Judaism is communism." President International Jewish Congress, Rabbi. Marxism serves as the modis operandi of the jewish elite to further their consolidation of power, in order to create and control a new world gov. Humanity and nature should fear a jewish dictator/ messiah.
@LeeTyrrell_ @Nature_and_Race There is no such thing as a political. That is a myth. Right down to the type of toilet paper the govt buys.
@Nature_and_Race @cabrera_sys The military was the first to submit to multiculturalism and globalism. Depending on the current armed forces is futile.
@Nature_and_Race Your asking too much from a military that depends upon Sovereign civilian command. No the military can not ,nor should not do the Peoples duty. We must first  acomplish our renaissance with the pen before thecsword is unsheathed.
@anrefg @AnthemRespect @DailyCaller Canadians are nothing but suvjectsvof the wueen. They have never been free. Youd get imprisoned for free speech in Canada. I say F Canada and hope America never becomes like Can.
@AnthemRespect @DeborahStoval17 @DailyCaller Trudeu is a slimy coward.
@QFDDissident @cursedsalad The fact that Vush nominated him ought to be enough?
@cursedsalad The Supreme court has so far exceeded its Constitutional mandate and perview, that Every ruling made by the Supreme Court is the fruit of the poisonus tree.
JEWS STRIKES AGAIN. https://t.co/DBwjBKBJrq
Only a neoliberal could be so audacious to lecture Americans on the immorality of defending our national  borders, while at the same time screeching about people not respecting their imagined gender and social boundaries.
Democrats regain the majority in the House of representatives.  The stock market tanks.
@TOOEdit The jews took over with the federal reserve act and forced the unratified unlawful 16th Amendment on the People. Americans have been under USURY a.k.a perpetual debt slavery, every since.
@blaircottrell89 @JoseNoway1 One of the many dangers of leftist programning in our educational system is that they not only harm the youth with forced vaccinations and potent drugs but the programming leaves them unable to defend themselves or to have a logical concern for their personal safety.
@TOOEdit This is what Sweden gets for going soft and allowing women to rule the govt.
@V_of_Europe The jew world order used their monopoly over the media and hollywood to force this antichrist propaganda into the zietgiest of post modern pop culture
@Nature_and_Race I think a rebirth is on the horizon.
@LouDobbs When will the senior patriots in this country realize that the GOP is the controlled opposition. Its naive to think that the globalist elite dont buy the majority interest in both parties. Cant lose if you own all the horses in the race.AIPAC, FED, CFR
It's time for the American people to demand the Ruth Bader Ginsburg resigns she is no longer competent to preside in office
The govt's corruption ,is like an apple that was starting to get soft on the inside. Yet still looked good enough from a distance. Now the govt is like a rotting apple with worms crawling out. Its time to get some new fruit
Excessive alcohol consumption kills approximately 90,000 people in the United States every year. So why all of the hysteria about opiates, when alcohol kills more people each year, not counting drunk drivers.
If you dont own a firearm?  Then you are not a patriot.
@LindseyGrahamSC Lindsey Grahm shouldve respected the Presidents decision and sought a private audience with the president, considering the president has the best intelligence. Instead he came out like a rabid dog for the military industrial complex. I hope grahm gets replaced soon.
@ScrewedHumans Its the zionist agenda. Look at who owns all of the media.
@RealMAGASteve @LuisGutierrez He is a domestic enemy.
@DineshDSouza The industry has been dominated by jews forever.
@cursedsalad Israel just wants to bleed every Western christian nation to death. Thanks to the betrayal of evangelicals and other zionists theyve managed to steal 200 billion dollars in so called aid., and get the U.S. into war with all of Israels opponents.
@StefanMolyneux I think alot of people confuse white supremacy with jewish supremacy. The latter is actually real.
CNN and MSNBC are domestic enemy propaganda organizations. Enemies of the People.
@StefanMolyneux Never hear feminists complain about equalityvwhen it comes to the draft or alimony.
@MarkACollett Christians have only themselves to blame for their naivety ,ignorance, and tolerance of wicked people that only want to destroy Western society.
They anti American media want the people to keep referring to the domestic enemies in our nation as the "deep state" anything but the reality of the Z.O.G that they truly represent.
@RobForPotus @realDonaldTrump I think we ought to stay in Korea for the time being. My grandpa was a tank commander in Korea.The Chinese will have to be dealt with soon. Thats why weve got to build up in Afghanistan. So that we have a serious foothold in the region to threaten communist China.
@DefendEvropa How do we not know that its the epiderals that they give to virtually all pregnant women. There are many variables not included in this study. Means its wortless.
@GIJoeOPS @DeborahStoval17 A mexican sheriff in America? What a travesty.
How can anyone take Mueller seriously when he continues to ignore the many crimes committed by operatives in the obama admin.?
Mueller has spent 30 million dollars and two years trying to find anyway possible to undermine our duly elected president. Russians posting on facebook is not election interference. Only a imbecile could entertain such an absurd claim.
A country with an electoral system that gives an equally weighted vote to an 18 yr old stripper as to that of a Constitutional law professor,  is doomed for failure.
@GOP @White_Boy_Awwww Looks like we need to tell the GOP that we need border security. Its the repubs that are balking.
@MiaVendetta110 When will it finally be understood that the republican party ( excluding the freedom caucus) is the controlled opposition of the new world order deep state globalists.?
@realDonaldTrump Grahm has always been a war monger. He has been a horrible senator and a blight on cobservatives. His whole Kavanaugh tantrum was entirely about him getting the judicial committee chairmain position. Now that he acomplished that, hes back to backstabbing.
@Jim_Jordan @freedomcaucus The Freedom Caucus is the heart and soul of the republican party.
@MiaVendetta110 I honestly believe that the deep state has made it clear that theyve got no problem doibg another JFK. He has alot to lose with his family. I think its going to take a sibgle president with nothibg left to lise. Like Andrew Jackson.
"Make the most of the Indian hemp seed and sow it everywhere". George Washington		 Trendy Hemp Compound CBD Set for Big Boost From U.S. Farm Bill https://t.co/cRI3RBF50f #Newsmax via @Newsmax
I support President Trump's decision to bring our victorious troops home from Syria, despite all of the  screeching by the military industrial complex
Liberals need to understand. Trump made all of his money as a private citizen.We dont care about tax returns.We the People are far more concerned with all of the law makers and govt servents that have made millions from corruption and inside deals.
I wish Americans would spend more of their resources and energy in actually solving the problems that threaten our lives security and future posterity. What good is surviving ww3 in a bunker, if the world is no longer inhabitable?
@JMcfeels Antifa should be dealt with like the terrorists that they really are.
@MiaVendetta110 I think he should do exactly that which you outlined in your statement. Hes making a guge mistake allowing the deep state control the DOJ ..
Neoliberals ought to be despised everywhere, for their attacks on the rule of law. If they dont like your sociopolitical views, then they don't think that you people have the Right to the presumption of innocense.
@Jim_Jordan More betrayal by republican leaders. Paul Ryan is a real disgrace to America.
@RealSaavedra Transexualism is a peersonality disorder. Most end up committing suicide or regretting having surgery.
@1776Stonewall They want to make sure that jew know who controls the money.
@ChuckCallesto @DeborahStoval17 Uncivilized animal
RT @RepMattGaetz: I am excited that the First Step Act has passed through the Senate; it's a huge step forward for criminal justice. I wish…
Republican party betrays their voters once again. Its time to fold up the tent and start a new party. However, as long as,AIPAC exists it won't matter. AIPAC buys off both democrat and republicans to do their bidding. Which is destructive to America in every way.
@ROTRonline @RustyMason7777 This is an example of why jews are despised around the world.
@ToddWise62 @TOOEdit @realDonaldTrump @BretStephensNYT Im with you. Deport every single zionist to their homeland.
@TOOEdit @realDonaldTrump @BretStephensNYT AIPAC is the master of those traitors on the left and right that well give away American blood and treasure to further their zionist masonic greater israel agenda.
@Aura_of_1504 @ramzpaul Deep state W.H. attorneys have fooled and intimidated him into not doing exactly that. It is a national emergency. If the govt. Cant or wont defend our Sovereign borders, then that govt. Ought to be abolished and replaced.
@ramzpaul Under the Constitution Trump could declare a national emergency and fund the wall either with defense funds or emergency funds. Lets face it. The drug ca rtels and the mafia are preventing the wall from going up. Patriots want border security. Our enemies want to illude us.
How did Obama get 150 billion to just give away to Iran? Yet President Trump cant get a meager 5 billion for national security? Democrats are domestic enemies.
@RichF2999 They knew that going in and intentionally wanted to destroy the organization.
Clinton destroyed subpoenaed federal records after running an illegal server in her basement. No charges. Yet Micheal Flynn was charged with a crime for lying ,even when federal agents claim that they didnt believe he lied at all. Mueller is a traitor and a deep state enemy.
RT @The_Trump_Train: RETWEET if you support shutting down the government for strong border security and a border wall.
@RealMattCouch Abolish the DOJ  and replace it.
@Crypto_Enigma_ The data that is being used to assert this claim is very misleading. Jews have religiously inbred amongst other jews. This increases certain genetic traits, diseases and markers. This is being done in order for jews to reap the reward and benefits of being considered a race.
@Jenn198523 @darhar981 Looks more like a handout to the African community to me.
If the god of the old testement were truly omniscient ,he would not have had to test Abraham's faith, by demanding that he slit the throat of his oldest son as a blood sacrifice.  Sounds like something that a devil would do to me.
RT @StefanMolyneux: There’s a word used against critics of Islam: “Islamophobia.”		There’s a phrase used against critics of Judaism: “anti-…
It is a violation of Due Process"whenever law enforcement agents request or pressure a suspect in a criminal investigation, to not have legal counsel present. Always exercise your 5th Amendment Rights. Say nothing! Anything and everything can and will be used against you.
@DeepStateExpose Thats how n*ggers fight. They gang up on you. Like a pack of animals.
Kavanaugh just couldnt wait to appease the liberal lunatic left.	Andrew Napolitano Questions Kavanaugh Vote on Planned Parenthood https://t.co/QAXeamSkno #Newsmax via @Newsmax
If your not being censured, banned, attacked, slandered, harrassed, or defamed. Then you're one of the programmed sheeple being hearded and sheared at the whim by the masters of usury.
Why is anyone and everyone that is concerned about the welfare of caucasians, attacked as racist? When every other ethnic group does not suffer from such attacks.
@Geezajay2013 Eventually the Brits will wake up and start kicking ass. The more you try to appease your enemies ,just trying to get along, the more theyre going to push you to the brink of destruction..
@cursedsalad @GingerAnn13 Jews have been known for centuries, as blood suckers. If they cant steal it through their central banks, theyll get it with their lobby , wars and terrorism. In the U.S. they own both parties and keep scaring the public with their constant bogus accusations of antisemitism.
@senatemajldr @POTUS About fing time. The federal govt. Did not have the authority to prohibit hemp in the first place. I think reparations to farmers are warranted.
@cursedsalad @GingerAnn13 Jew gotta be kidding
Trump picks another horrible nominee to the A.G. position at the DOJ. Instead of draining the swamp, he has been recycling one swamp thing after another.
Its foolish for civic nationalists to claim that the Constitution is what binds,Americans together as a nation, when subsequent federal laws, codes,and acts have effectively rendered the Constitution null and void.There is more contention over the Constitution then there is unity
All of the writing on the proverbial wall ,is that Trump has been compromised or coerced.  He will not, or can not ,drain the swamp. He has decided that his legacy is safer with them. He is now obviously more concerned about getting re elected rather then doing the right thing.
@JT3cool @GaetaSusan @realDonaldTrump @POTUS Once your are capable of realizing and acknowledging that the GOP is the " controlled opposition" of a political duopoly.
@robthehook @gatewaypundit He is with the enemy
@TOOEdit Hes proving himself to be weak on many fronts.
Never give up! https://t.co/ssErlOfSGO
@JamesEdwardsTPC There is no justice system. There is a leftwing zionist DOJ
@StefanMolyneux The jews in hollywood like to create a narrative the Southern Americans are inbred. When the fact is that jews have been systematically inbreeding for thousands of years.
@Alexey__Kovalev @DineshDSouza Americans must seem nutz, because were the only free nation left on Earth. The rest of the planet  are subjects and slaves.
@DineshDSouza @srt8_up_hemi I guess you forgot about Alex Jones?
@RealSaavedra So much for defending the 2nd Amendment and innovation.
Im so sick of Donald Trump recycling the same old characters into his administration.  He claims that he wants to drain the swamp, but then appoints the same people. Renaming Bushes A.G. to the DOJ is just a waste.
The DOJ does NOT have any Constitutional authority to exist.  Federal prosecutors usurp, lie ,deceive, and manipulate the jury in order to convict the targets of their persecution. The federal gov. was never intended to be the oppressive bannana republic that it has become.
Robert Mueller ought to be charged with treason and given the full punishment under the law along with Clinton, Obama, and all of their deep state commrades.
@westland_will If Russia is a reef shark, Israel is a Megalodon
The bigger problem with the Mueller "investigation" is who is allowing him to continue his witch hunt?
@GirlDamien @WhiteGenophilia Have faith that our people are now waking up. Those that are traitors to their own people will surely perish and have no allies. Our country has been infiltrated and subverted by zionists.  Its up to the people to create a new sanctuary nation for our people to survive an thrive.
@ChrisKFJeffrey @douglasmercer33 Thats the difference of character between a California actor versus the major general of the army during WW2.  Reagan talked the talk but didnt walk his talk in most cases. He surrounded himself with deep state traitors like George Bush
The spirit &amp; letter of the 1st Amendment freedom of press, was written as an individual Right to protect the individual to be free to disseminate information to their fellow countrymen. It was not written for the corporate state sponsered media monopolies that we suffer today.
@tomselliott Trump opened up ANWAR .The democrats were heavily restricting energy production. Electricity costs skyrocketed. Obama is nutz. He claims Trump is a disaster on one hand and then tries to take the credit for Trumps econony. I guess when youre talking to dems the facts dont matter
@DailyCaller I bet mitt romney and paul ryan support this? Thats because theyre both globalist . Posing as republicans.
@DailyCaller The republican party and democrat party are both controlled by AIPAC . The democrat party is being transformed into the democrat socialist party. The republican party is the controlled opposition. They both work to prevent real patriots from elected office.
@ThinBlueLine614 @realDonaldTrump Its time to see if Trump is more then bluster? Is he a strong or weak president? His failure to take command of the DOJ  and to prevent it from operating as a rogue entity. Hes got alot to lose. Itd be really easy for them to threaten the presidents family to get him to obey
Italians are not going for the jew world demographic attack. https://t.co/5wfOuRbs13
@counterchekist @realDonaldTrump Youve really got to be confused to compare Trump making an obvious joke in a public debate. Hillary was operating a private illegal server. Destroyed subpoenaed data and devices.All of our enemies found out she had left the U.S. exposed with her pri vate server. Its Espionage
@realDonaldTrump Mueller has always been a deep state traitor, since hes been serving in gov...He was heavily involved in covering up 911and letting all the evidence go to China before any proper investigation. 3 buildings went down, only 2 planes hit their target. The 3rd plane was diverted.
There were more blacks killed by other blacks in the U.S. in 2014 then the entire total number of blacks lynched by the KKK. Most of the blacks that were lynched, were wanted violent criminals. The KKK was more of a national defense force, filling in the gaps after the civil war
@RussiaBot9000 Climate has always changed and always will change. Liberals would be smart to concern themselves with one of the many important issues that our nation faces, rather then obsessing over the temperature rising less than half of a single degree centigrade in the past 150 years
Changing a childs sex, is the worst form of child abuse. The women in this case should be burnt at thecstake.	.Father Desperately Battling for Custody of 6-Year Old After Mother Claims Child Is Transgender https://t.co/2SQ7uNga0x
RT @RealJamesWoods: Since no American magazine will put her on a cover, we’ll just have to celebrate her ourselves. @FLOTUS https://t.co/av…
@westland_will People have forgotten that the jews claimed that the Germans killed 6 million jews in WW1.  Thats how they managed to parasitically suck billions of dollars from Germany in reparations. So they accussed Germany of the same thing again in WW2 because it worked before.
We ought to be using bullets on the border. You dont fight off invaders with tear gas. https://t.co/XnQD1qv9JN
@ChuckCallesto Its not like she wasnt given an extensive college education. Shes just has a  genetically inferior intelligence.
@mitchellvii Democrat party is a cheating criminal enterprise.They had to wait until the votes were counted ,so that theyd know how many fake ballots to fill out .
@KamVTV Imagine having kidney failure and trying to survive on 735 a month dusability. While illegal aliens get thousands of dollars abd all kinds of assistance? Its demoralizing
@RussiaBot9000 One more time.  Volcanic activity emits  the industrial revolution combined. The planet has been slowly coming out of an ice age for the past 10,000 yrs. Climate has always changed and will continue. The real threat to our atmosphere is geoengineering.
@RussiaBot9000 You ought to remain very suspicious of any scientific data obtained in environmental science courses. My experience is all of the curriculum is permeated by those with the political objective of convincing u that climate change is the most important ecological issue.
@milesmartin17 @JMcfeels Carbon taxation will never do anything except create more tyranny. One moderate size volcano van easily release more CO2 then all of the manmade CO2produced in total since the industrial revolution.Plants and algae have an insatiable appetite for carbon and will absorb any carbon
@newhorizons0333 @JMcfeels The oceans are also the home to phyto plankton, plants and algeas that will bloom if carbon dioxide levels increase. The planet has dealt with carbon spikes from volcanic activity. Plants have an insatiable appetite for carbon.
@JMcfeels The carbon footprint ,climate change hysteria is globalist propaganda. They want to start a world gov, based on carbon taxation. The planet has been consistently warming up for the past 10,000 yrs. Geoengineering is already occurring and is threat to the global ecology.
@westland_will Integration was the worst for America.Conbined with the suppression and shaming of white heritage and culture. This produced the whole wigger" culture. A bunch of white boys looking up to gangsta and african culture because theyre prohibited from knowing about their own heritage
@westland_will The jews are the chosen ones. Your children are just gentiles!
The climate change hysteria over sipposedly too much carbon in the atmosphere ignores natures insatiable appetite for carbon. All organic life consumes carbon. Plants and algae will always absorb as much carbon as they can eat. Thats why prehistoric plant life was so much larger.
Comey Hit with Subpoena Over Clinton Emails, Russia Investigation https://t.co/Vsxy14qlw5
@_Jay_Lynn1984_ @JohnNotnofx The jewish mafia likes to accuse their victims of the crimes committed by jews.That's what jewish mafia do. Its ridiculous to assume people jùst wake up one day hating the jews. The jews are despised worldwide because of the organized crime that theyve perpetuated for centuries.
@chuckwoolery @tammy_maga The fact that only democrats gained from late counts .,reveals one of their cheating tactics
@CMCommentaries @realDonaldTrump Hes starting to look weak. However I think the people underestimate the domestic enemies we face. Perhaps Trump is laying out a plan that only he knows .
Where is President Trump? Why has he capitulated to the dark criminal agenda of the deep state? Declassification now! https://t.co/TtdvUyx7wX
@dbongino The DOJ and the courts are so corrupted, that only idiots put their faith in them.
@SaraCarterDC @cr14carlson Defend our borders with bullets if necessary. Otherwise its going to turn into a civil war or revolution.
@westland_will I knew he was a spineless ciwatd. Most of the proud boys are idiots. Ive seen them attack whit e nationalists for exercising their freedom of speech.I guess only multiculturalists have rights to the proud boys. Key word BOYS.
@realDonaldTrump The President ca n and should ignore any lower courts ruling, if the president reasonably believes it to be an unconstitutional ruling. Only the Supreme Courts ruling has any authority regarding the executive. A single judges ruling based upon political opposition is a disgrace.
@realDonaldTrump John Roberts was appointed by Bush2. He might as well been a democrat. He was a neocon liberal. I pray for some sort of corcumstance to occur that enables Trump to replace John Roberts
Black political candidates are pathetic. They never fail to take the opportunity to call white people racist. When its black voters that tend to overwhelmingly vote based upon race.
@ThinBlueLine614 @realDonaldTrump I hate to disappoint you but there is a large number of U.S. troops that will do whatever theyre ordered to do. However your correct the U.N. troops most definitely would kill Americans. Foreign troops are prohibited from U.S. soil but our govt allows this anyway.
@AmyMek Smoking marijuana was shot down as a religious sacrament.Even though it legitimately is. Yet mutilating your child is protected? Our judges do not have the authority to make determinations as to what is and isnt a religious right. Yet they pick and choose to their own preferences
We hear the media and president Trump decry the opiod epidemic is killing tens of thousands ,yet alcohol kills many more people. Facts are the best defense. There would be less harm if drugs were legal and people knew what they were getting. Drug cartels thrive off of prohibition
The media thrives on repetitively calling people antisemitic and how antisemitism is everywhere. Yet not one minute is given to discuss what semitism is and why are people oppossed to it?
@dbongino Kasich is not even a patriotic American. Hes globalist scum with foreign allegiances.
@PKsbpdl Whites will have to organize soon or well fibd ourselves in a serious war to rid ourselves of this debt bondage.
Neoliberals and their multitude of comrades are domestic enemies of the Constitution. They ought to realize that their subversive actions will have direct and severe consequences
@Belle_Vivant @FunnyFarmof5 @moly_anderson We are fools to let the jewish mafia run free in our country. AIPAC runs the govt. Their federal reserve charges us interest on our own money.
@moly_anderson DNA tests .get all of them out.
@ColeClarke @heywildrich Of course. Once they got the jewish monoplies out of Germany, they flourished. The fastest and greatest economic recovery in world history.
@heywildrich Weve had fascism in America every since the civil war. The Act of 1871. The 14th and 16th Amendments. The Federal Reserve Act. Combined with the neoliberal progressive democrat party's domination of the Federal govt. most of the 20th century. They also call it corporatism.
@morgendieganzeW @3502zippo This is another example of a European govt. that has been infiltrated and subverted by the jewish mafia. America and every western nation is infected. They really are attempting to form a world dictatorship. Demographic displacement s used to destroy
@ThinBlueLine614 If they didnt abide by the two qualifications like having to be a "natural born citizen" then why would they abide by anymore. The federal govt doesnt abide by the Constitution. Every single Right is restricted down to a privilege dangled over our heads. Govt doesnt grant rights
@LindseyGrahamSC @VanessaL43 Theres been alot of " looking the other way" within the whole federal govt. Its really been open treason . The egregious betrayal of their Oath's of office. The abrogation of duty to private corporations..
Bullets for invaders ,NOTasylum. Foreigners can NOT use our court system, they have NO standing! , especially as a weapon against the People. If liberal judges are going to betray their Oath's and our country they need to be forcibly removed from office.
@GilHydro @DGCBcardiac96 @LouDobbs Non citizens have no Constitutional Rights. Liberal courts have basterdized the Constitution.  The cost of all asylum claims is an undue burden on the Ametican taxpayer. We the People can say no more
@LouDobbs The executive is not boubd to any lower court decision. Of its not the Supreme Court, then the president should disregard the court
@wayotworld Even after the white race gave them the wheel. They refused to use it to their benefit. Just like today.  There is no good excuse for Africas underdevelopment ,other then the people themselves.
The Russians that were kidnapped by the communists and left to starve to death in the gulags, were full of regret. They wished theyd had just taken action against the jewish bolsheviks when they still had their guns and freedom. I pray we dont suffer a repeat here in America,
@goresmith1 I honestly have a hardtime predicting what Trump is really up to. The info he has is so much different. He may not be up to draining the swamp. Because hes got alot to lose. His family will be his weakness. I hope hes got the Trump card..i still believe he is a patriotic american
Our Founding Fathers cone from a time and generation that demanded men embrace and depend upon their manlihood and honor. They thought, spoke, fought and died to pass along the mantle of Freedom.
@TomiLahren Neoliberals cant believe that all of that work put in by their idol Oprah.. If she cant win Georgia over ,then shes got no chance of converting her star power to political power. Oprah is a dumb ass hollywood troll. No matter how much money she takes from her makers.
@StefanMolyneux White men realize that there is a very organized and powerful sociopolitical alliance that seeks to anhilate the caucasian race and culture. They use our good will, tolerance and compassion against us. The world would enter a dark age without the innovation of white nations
The FED pumped up the economy with alot of fiat currency, which helped to inflate the stock market to record highs. Then later they recalled all of their dollars from circulation and called in the margins causing the stock markets to collapse. Theyre doing the same thing today.
Perpetual national debt, is slavery.  Labor and services must eventually be rendered by the people.
@m0nk3ybus1n3ss The jews reject Jesus and cobsider him a heretic .
@DLoesch @Jess_Luvs_Trump I hate the arrogance of you whimpy little bleeps that are too slow to ibdrrstand tgat it only takes a flick of a politicians pen to write a code that makes YOU the criminal. " No free man shall be debarred their right to keep &amp;  bear arms." Thomas Jefferson
@DLoesch @Jess_Luvs_Trump All federal codes restricting or attempting to restrict any free man from exercising his Rights ought to be null and void. In Avenatti's case he has not been convicted. He is therefore innocent. If he is FREE on bail then his full rights ought to be intact. He still has the right
@mitchellvii @vicksiern Ìf your opponent is not going to prosecute you, then why not cheat? The stakes are so high? Democrats have resisted voter I.D. laws but yet they want all kinds of I.D. to exercise your 2nd Amendment rights when u want to buy a gun.
@KrisParonto @SpacemanCalvin @Ocasio2018 Is this really what weve allowed our nation to degenerate into. Young, dumb, girls getting elected to Congress??? Democrat Socialists are all so stupid about American history and heritage because theyre just communist traitors and should be deported to our new martian colony.
@warbird2020 @PatriotMike6 They complertely understand this. These people will use every lie and tactic to get the sympathy ofvthe people. Including provoking and organizibg acts of violence .
@PatriotMike6 @RealMattCouch Anywhere that a free man can not be armed, is foreign territory.
@lilibellmia @SpacemanCalvin @GOP Its only been democrats that have benefitted from these unusual late vote counts. That violates the mathematical probability of a closely divided" electorate. Should be an equal amount of republicans tha t should also have benefited from late counts, but its only democrats.???
@blaircottrell89 Dont tempt the gods friend.
@NeverCuck The audacity of these filthy vermin. Parasites. Backstabbers, poisoners. It was America that won both wars at the behest of the Rothschild cabal. These devils have a deep dark lust to see the whole world under their dominion. Theyve got many fooled but reality will change that.
@TOOEdit We need to kick the ADL back to HELL!
@JMcfeels @realDonaldTrump Send them all back. Every single last one.
@wayotworld The only privileged group are non whites, non Americans. They get ev rry kindvof benefit and affirmative action is literally giving racial preference to less qualified non whites. Multicultural supremacy of the communist left.
Even the God of the bible took the seventh day to rest and reflect. A day without " doing" a time for the mind to unwind and reset.
@heywildrich The idea that govt. Agents would be scanning my words, with the intent of depriving me of my Rights is a disgrace. The govt has not been given the authority to pick and choose who has rights. All free men have rights. What we need is to eliminate all the socialists in our nation.
Americans need to realize that the deep state depends upon the illegal drug trade to fund their black budget. They also use human trafficking for a myriad of reasons to fullfill their agenda. That is why neither party has approved the money for a wall.
If all of the invaders from South America are such good workers and are a benefit to a nation, then why doesnt even Mexico want them?
Strange how neoliberals have been teaching our kids that winners or losers dont matter because everyone is a winner. Yet in the past few elections democrats have refused to concede to the winners of the many races that they lost. Maybe theyll learn from their losses?
Where is Alex Jones press pass, considering that https://t.co/BIxbYE9wTc has a much larger viewing audience then almost all of the reporters with White House press passes
If your worldveiw is in alignment with the media and television, you are the product of systematic mindcontrol.
@DrowsySaxon @TanyaCornfield If they take the guns ,theyll take all of our property.  Then out of fear from reprisal theyll take our lives.
@V_of_Europe I hope Europeans are learning to hate the muslim invaders.
@EastwoodReturns @westland_will The jewish plan for world domination, thats in the talmud ,demands for Ametica, Russia and Europe to be destroyed. Which is why the jews try to start war between these nations constantly.
@dbongino ANTIFA is going to push someone into taking them seriously at their threats and show them how the 2nd Amendment works.
@itsD3m0graph1cs @lowrider053 @KirstenPowers We are expected to just hand over our treasure and posterity? Without a white majoritu America becomes Mexìco. Or S. Africa
@PinkBelgium @ChatByCC Its not Paul Ryans fault. Hes been the same globalists scum forever. Its the GOP fault for not getting rid of him prior to the mid terms
President Trump makes a very poor appointment to be the head of the CIA. She was heavily involved in the CIA torture program. Despite torture being illegal under all local, state, federal and international law. How can you drain the swamp by surrounding yourself with monsters?
Obviously the treacherous democrats like Clinton want and need a large influx of foreigners that have the potential to be  hostile against the patriotic American population . Domestic enemies are slowly and steadily importing their troops.
@ElusiveFox23 Considering that if theyre strong and bold enough to take our guns, then theyre strong enough to take our property ,homes and lives
President Trump has not been able to reign in the rogue DOJ..I see no other course of action except to demand the dissolution ansd abolishment of the DOJ The Sword &amp; Sheild of the Deep State.
When the People feel the painful reality of hunger,  no paper promise of riches, no matter how great, will satiate the starvation of you and your family. Their usury fiat currency- fractional reserve banking is employed to destroy and enslave nations.
@FyreCrest @HarmlessYardDog Tyranny envroaches slow and steady.
@HarmlessYardDog @republicat777 Whites have to do WHATEVER is necessary, forr whites to remain the majority in America. For our children and for the sake of the world. Without a white majority well become South Africa.
@TrueblueBritish Freedom = peace &amp; prosperity......
@JacobAWohl Because the money masters have whored America out.
@TOOAJoyce Your just looking at it wrong. They mean that diversity is "their"strength.
@VanessaL43 I detest Kasich. He is the furthest thing from a republican. Hes just another new world order stooge. He was rejected by the People in 2016,
307,000 Veterans dead because of so called mismanagement. This was more like the liquidation of a liabilities. Its like those democrat socialists were running the V.A. President Trump fired 3,600 employees from the V.A. in one swoop.
I support the U.S. Army conquering and annexing  every single country in S. America. We can set these countries up with American freedom &amp; capitalism. Thatll solve the whole dilemma
Who the hell do all of these S. Americans think they are? They think they can just invade our country and demand our resources and treasure. It may be wise to take a much more hardline policy against this invasion. If the govt. can not or will not defend the border then we will
@V_of_Europe Sweden is run by women because the men have become so pathetic and cowardly. Servile to feminazis that have destroyed the entire Swedish culture.
Beware of the one who claims to have the power to make you a star☆. You may have just met the devil's lefthand man.
@kennygmanno @GaetaSusan If Sinema got 85% of the vote in Maricopa Co. then its obvious election fraud. Its a fact that all of the states where there is voting problems like FLA, GA,.and AZ . Are states that dont require I.D. to vote. The democrats really do have full blown operations to steal elections.
@The_Trump_Train The democrats reason that some people are too poor to afford an ID is absurd.
@Nigel_Farage The British are under tyranny. The American civil war is falsely taught that it was a war about slavery. The truth is that S. Carolina succeeded from the Union because of an unconstitutional unapportioned tax. 99% of the people voted in favor, yet Lincoln still invaded and killed
@Rambobiggs @realDonaldTrump @RepSwalwell Swalell is one of the most unqualified persons that ive ever witnessed in public service. A real true malevolent narcissist with no republican virtue or fidelity to the Constitution. Our elected representatives keep getting worse and more corrupt.
If we allow Hollywood and the media to create heros ,stars and celebraties.Then our children and all subsequent generations will begin to act out behaviors that their idols condone and encourage.This is a very serious dilemma that threatens the social stability of our nation
America voted for democrats in effort to appease them. The American People were unfortunately trying to calm down the neoliberals ,with the hope that they would stop their violence. Like Hillary Clinton said " we can be civilized after we take back the House"
Republicans pledging to end hemp Prohibition in 2018 https://t.co/3RmoRa9ML7
@GOPChairwoman That women must be a witch?.Constantly in the shadows poisoning the water well.
@DiamondandSilk The democrats have the luxury of not having any sincere ethics or morality.. Theyve become domestic enemies of the Constitution.
They stole the Senate  seat in AZ. Its so obvious that the democrats waited until virtually all the votes were in. That way they knew how many ballots they needed to steal the election.
Nationalism is not isolationism.		 "commerce with all nations, alliances with none. This should be our motto."         Thomas Jefferson
We the people own the Treasury Department and we own the mint. We print all of the currency. So what exactly are we borrowing? Not gold or silver. We've been born and subjugated into debt slavery by the Rothschild mafia.
As soon as someone starts referring to their " carbon footprint", I know that they are novices in the natural sciences.
@LanaLokteff Africans are still dancing around campfires naked with plates in their lips and ears.....lol... they want us to pretend that theyve been civilized like white	but just a couple of centuries ago they were hunters and gatherers. Forced integration destroys organic culture.
@Nature_and_Race Also as a leader you will be targeted and attacked by those that oppose your intentions. Further, the larger the group the larger the probability that moles will infiltrate your group. This is why many secret socities are formed.
Conservatives dont watch CNN, and dont know what CNN has been engaged in ,at least since the 2016 election. Malevolent  deep state propaganda ,is being employed to undermine the democratically elected President. Theyve weaponized the media and are domestic enemies of the people.
The inspector general is more of  an imposter general and has purposely stalled ,waiting for the midterms in hope of being able to evade having to present the truth. I expected nothing less from a guy named Horowitz
Bill Mahr ,said ,its okay to "fat shame" republicans. Because " we hate them" talkibg to his guest Sa rah Silverman.
Over a million German P.O.W.s were intentionally murdered under the command of Dwight Eisenhower. He illegally reclassified them as enemy combatants to evade legal liability. Forced starvation and exposure in open fields where men dug holes for shelter only water was if it rained
Germany allowed the RedCross to monitor their prisons during WW2. The Germans received the highest reveiws and where considered a state of the art model for running a prison. The U.S. refused to allow REDCROSS to inspect the Rhine Meadow prison. Which was just an open field.
I dont see any so called white supremists attempting to violently prevent any other citizens from lawfully exercising their rights. I do however see ANTIFA and other leftwingers wearing masks and using violence to prevent American citizens from exercising their lawful Rights!
The reason that the radical leftwing neoliberals have allied with. Muslims and have been forcing Europe and America to let them into their countries, is to provide the left with soldiers and fighters because the left knows that the Rightwing would easily defeat them in combat.
@Mikesports5 @LanaLokteff We dont. We should fight this. The jewish owned media is pushing this hard. Theyre also behind all of the illegal immigration and immigration of non whites into White countries. Demographics is a powerful weapon. That has destroyed many nations.
@LanaLokteff Lana. Please understand. Its in the Talmud That the jews are going to establish a world govt.,and the jewish messiah will rule the world with an iron fist. Therefore America , Russia and Europe have to be destroyed first or their plans to succeed.
@marlowe51413159 Theyd still be hunters and gathers if they were still in Africa.
The Kentucky &amp; Virginia Resolutions declared that the Judiciary is prohibited from becoming activist judges or legislators.The Supreme court's only perveiw is to rule if an Act of Congress is Constitutional or not. James Madison was the author of the Constitution, he would know
Bill Mahr attacked Whitaker because he agrees with our Founding Fathers that Marbury vs.Madison was an unconstitutional ruling. Mahr is too ignorant to know that Thomas Jefferson and James Madison authored the famous Kentucky &amp; Virginia Resolutions declaring it unconstitutional
@charliekirk11 @cr14carlson @TuckerCarlson The democrat party is full of Post Modernist activists who seek to destroy society, just for the sake of destruction. As well as satanists, atheists and other types that have little to no moral or ethical concerns that prevent them from takinga  "by any means necessary"position.
I dont see women complaining that only men have to take on the burden of Selective Service. Or conscription. They like politics because of their lust for power. However ,they wont be drafted if bad political decisions turn into war. Its millions of men that will be slaughtered
Just like in Sweden the U.K and,Germany, whenever women are running govt., its a disaster. Women in general are not best suited for politics. They're naturally inclined to their emotional minds dominating their decisions. Whereas men are naturally inclined to the rational mind.
@RyanAFournier Thats a preveiw of how shes goubg to be as a congresswomen . A disaster. Between her and Sinema in AZ. Im not sure which one is more unqualified for public service.
@realDonaldTrump We need more immigrants from Europe.
@sandykjack @entertained1 @RepMattGaetz @seanhannity @FoxNews Love is the ùltimate truth. However, it would be unrighteous to deny the hate that GOD Almighty has and has also endowed mankind with. Hate and love come from the very same wellspring. I hate tyranny cause I love freedom. I hate war and love peace I hate evil and love good.ect
@RepMattGaetz @seanhannity @FoxNews Republicans have got to stop being so aloof and giving the benefit of doubt, when there is no reasonable doubt. They keep committing election fraud because lawmakers allow for it.
@marlowe51413159 Lincoln was a tyrant. However, I support his plan to repatriate all blacks back to Africa. Thats why President Monroe secured Liberia for them. Blacks still havent become adults. They still cling to the coat tails of whites.Afraid to return to their homeland.
@imjustnutz @FraterRogerus You seem to have failed in following your own advice of not judging me. We have all been endowed with love &amp; hate  I have no religion. Christians today ignore Gods word in order to get along in gonorroh. You should expect to share their fate.
@imjustnutz @FraterRogerus It is right to hate the sin and not the sinner. There are degrees of sin. Murder and rape are not equivalent to lying about your feelings. Judge as you would judge yourself. The wages of sin is death. Tolerance for sin is ruining our society. God will do as He has done before.
One of my biggesst complaints about President Trump's presidency is his cabinent selections. He recycles and has nominated so many of thev ame old oath breakers and "swamp things" that have permeated D.C. for many years. Where is all the fresh new talent?
Its AMAZING that all of the sudden theyre concerned about ethics. WHAT ABOUT ALL OF THE CONFLICTS OF INTEREST THAT MUELLER AND ROSENSTEIN HAVE?	Whitaker to Consult With Ethics Officials Over Recusal https://t.co/HrT8SpfaRM #Newsmax via @Newsmax
Coleman's Senate seat was stolen from him in Minnesota with voter fraud and Al Franken was put in  the same exact way that theyre stealing seats down in Florida. With the same exact lawyers. Once again the zionists are the common denominator.
The media like to demonize " racists" and "racism", while at the same time preventing and refusing to facilitate, participate, or allow an actual honest and sincere discussion and debate regarding race. This has made Americans obsessed with calling everything and everyone racist.
Will patriots fight to keep the freedom, prosperity,security of capitalism? Or will Globalist Democrat Socialism take over? Will they continue to allow tens of millions of South American indians to supplant their own children? Demographic change will result in the end of America.
The Repub Party ought to be very pleased that Trump got rid of Jeff Sessions.Who instead of doing his duty prosecuting Clinton for espionage and other crimes, he was out violating States Rights prosecuting marijuana. All Libertarians and most Conservatives support legal marijuana
Trump was 100% correct regarding Californias forest fires. If you prevent people from burning the underbrush in campfires,ect. It builds up and becomes the fuel for forest fires. Of course the techno generation is ignorant of this and parrot the "climate change" narrative
Notice how not one single democrat ,when theyre crying that they want all votes to be counted. Not one time did you hear them say We want all legitimate votes counted.
It must be just a coincidence that Browerd Co. has a huge zionist community. Maybe the largest population in America. If they cant buy an election , theyll take it. By any means necessary. They continue to be the common denominator of so much conflict an suffering in the world.
@marlowe51413159 They like to use blacks because they automatically give them a head start...Ypu know affirmative action.  They cant possibly be able to compete with the civilized race.
Browerd Co.waited till every other Co. had turned their votes in ,and then they went to work to steal the election. Theyve violated all the TRANSPARENCY LAWS and Court orders. All the extra votes have been for democrats and it just happened to be enough votes to trigger a recount
The reason Browerd Co. has taken so long and was the last and only county to have not turned their vote count in, is so they can figure out exactly how many fake ballots will be required to steal the election.. They couldnt steal it, until they knew how many votes that they need
No wonder the repitition of the propaganda media had been programming the " blue wave" image into everyones minds. They had full confidence that we would not be able to prevent their voter fraud  By any means necessary strategy. If theyre not stopped theyll do worse in the future
The fact that all of the chaos of counting votes has only benefited democrats in races that republicans won on election day, is obvious criminal conspiracy to steal seats. Election Judge Sees Fraud 7 Ft Away. Reports It. Dems Demand She Be Removed: Report https://t.co/jjyzgBEJrj
@PatriotMike6 @vicksiern He took out Jeb Bush and the Bush dynasty. The Clinton crime machine fell to the President in a landslide whenever you adjust for the 3+ million illegal aliens that are voting in sanctuary states!!
@AnnCoulter @AlpineBixby Were going to deport each and every single illegal alien...
@charliekirk11 Theyve been crying Russia .When the real attack is Mexico.!
There should either be a new election in Browerd or the whole Co. Ought to be disqualified. Brenda Snipes has been guilty of breaking multiple laws. It took them almost an extra week to count their votes. Took awhile to fill out all those fake ballots. Democrats gone wild?
Macron is an idiot. Hes totally a neoliberal totalitarian globalist. He called all Nationalists are anti patriots. He looked like a total tyrant in the French style sick and dememted psych op. Theater. A disgusting hijacking of the Conneroration of WW1. Trump shouldve left early.
What if the California Mafia set the fires? That away the government can get billions more of money from the federal govt. Plus its a state of emergency It also allows for socially re engineering the states demographics  burn those white people out of the rural homes and ranches.
F☆♧ck France and their Illuminati commemoration!!!
@marlowe51413159 I liked obamas parting gift to Israel when he ordered his ambassador at the U.N. to unanimously declare Israel to be in violation of international law. The U.S. continously vetoed and prevented Israel from any accountability. Other then that though Obama was the worst puppet ever
The jews accussed Gernany of killing 6 million jews during WW1. However, just like WW2 there never was any physical evidence of 6 million bodies found.Just heresay.The jews were trying to enslave Gernany with reparations.Since Germany wouldnt give them tribute, like the U.S. does
The Commemoration of WW1 in France was odd. It all looks like anothe New World Order party.The elite have ten thousand police protecting them from ANTIFA. Yet I remember the police standing down here when ANTIFA was attacking American Patriots.
@marlowe51413159 There is no way that Trump can be the President and not realize who his greatest enemies are. He is simply not politically strong enough to take them out. Hes attacking them at the seams first while he gains more allies, experience, AND tactical ground. Hes savig them for last.
@marlowe51413159 The ADL, is a three letter org. That really does the very opposite of what they claim to be. Just like the FBI, CIA, DHS,IRS,DOJ,DEA,DIA,FCC,FEC,SEC,SES,CFR,SAS,DOT,ATF and on and on. The ADL defames conservatives and is really a mossad operation.The ADLought to be abolished.
Masters of infiltration and subversion☆ https://t.co/nrFWTCU6SN
@tishscot1305 @JPArt20 Theyve used the state to chase all poor men from the home both white and black. To undermine the family by supplanting  the authority of the father,while making the mother dependent or a slave. The kids are under their control in school and with pop culture.
@JPArt20 Don't be too concerned.Judaism is a religion its not a race as many jews themselves have been taught.The jews have mixed genetics from all 3 races, but have religiously inbred for so long that they carry certain genes and diseases that do make them a proto subrace, like the Amish
@JPArt20 @NationMostXlnt Theyre masters of deception. Read Revelations 2:9 and hear what Jesus said about them. Its easy to understand the jews once you read the talmud. They claim that theyre the chosen ones and this world and everything therein is theirs alone. That all non jews are sub human beasts.
Domestic enemies own and  monopolize the Fed, corporate media, Hollywood, printing houses, newspapers, music, pro-sports, both political parties, and a myriad of other orgs and institutions. AIPAC ,the most powerful lobby in the world, is their weapon to control our politicians.
The corporate media monopoly is the enemy of the People, even Fox, which is the controlled opposition.This enables them to restrict and manipulate both political narratives. Controlling what Tucker and others can say. Preventing the Right from demanding real independent media.
Corporate media monopoly is the enemy of the people.Yes even Fox ,which is the controlled opposition.This enables them to restrict what Hannity and others can	 say. https://t.co/SuNlUxg3VA News Did Something On Election Night That Will Leave You Speechless https://t.co/GUYIi7UOId
@Ron74159575 @JoseNoway1 Make America white again.
When it comes to mass shootings. Try to truly understand the old adage, " A nation of sheep, will always attract ravenous wolves"	A disarmed public are sheep just waiting to be sheered. Sheep naturally attract a variety of vicious predators.
@notwokieleaks @14froger14 Im honestly suspicious that 95% of black women voted democrat. I think theyre still trying to push that narrative but I think it would be mor like 75/ 25% favoring the democrats.  Just speculating.  I just think all of the great economic oppotunities would get their attention????
Demand Justice! https://t.co/YLb1FsAeWz
RT @KMGGaryde: Do you trust Broward County Election Supervisor Brenda Snipes or should she RESIGN?
@jtd_gameon12 @KatTheHammer1 @FLGovScott @PamBondi Her disposition,and body language say guilty as hell and She dont give a fuck. The ends justify the means.
@GartrellLinda @KatTheHammer1 After the Kavanaugh nomination and now this. Along with all of the viokent radical behavior from the left. Since the 2016 election.
President Trump's order to institute the SPACE FORCE, a new division of the U.S. Armed Forces. The new Force will take over all of the Air force,Navy, NASA, and any other agency that has any operations or assets relating to space. This may lead to some interesting revelations!
@MarkACollett Why not the whites are too cowardly to resist.
Illegal aliens are voting in this country for democrats. Theyve been told that if they vote for democrats theyll be made citizens. And if they dont get out and vote for democrats the republicans are going to deport them if they win. https://t.co/4Z9hL3hXB7
@ericbolling Only the most gullible and naive folks can not see that Broward Co. Democrats are trying to pad the votes. They need extra time to do this. Out of the chaos .cones tens of thousands of new democrat votes.?
@Carlos13Maga @ColleenMoreno15 The DOJ and FBI are still the sword and sheild of the deep state. This is the CONSEQUENCES for not demanding justice and oversight of the rogue DOJ.
@realTylerZed @VincentCarson14 Dobt forget Brenda Snipes the criminal convicted multiple times for destroying ballots ,and letting illegal aliens vote Shes in charge of counting the votes on Browerd Co.
@NolteNC @anonwulfhund There are many great warriors. Its just Trump had all the right stuff to break the system.
RT @4YrsToday: Is it true the Democrats are trying to steal two elections in Florida?
@dbongino They were all in on the Chinese connection
@_Trumpster @LichenCraig @OhGodItsThem Look at Clinton committing obvious treason and espionage giving acces to Israel, China and Russia everything that our State dept.Was doing. Seth Rich Assassination. Trying to steal the 2016 election.  The illegal Mueller investigation. The list is too long. Weve got to stop them
The democrat party has been infiltrated and subverrted and is stacked with muktiple groups that are full domestic enemies. https://t.co/L5M9Un25DN
@FraterRogerus The first one should be named Sodom and the sequal Gomorrah.  Do christians really think that whenever they meet their maker, that they're going to shame God for declaring that "man shall not lay with man as he does with a woman" It is an ABOMINATION in the eyes of the Lord.
@W_McPrivilege " A fear of firearms is due to emotional immuturity"  Sigmund Freud
@realDonaldTrump Let campers have campfires ,.like every other state in the Union. This is why Cali has so many big fires. Its illegal to harvest debri and burn it in a camp fire. So the under brush becomes overgrown and massive fires have plenty of fuel to burn.
RT @barmore27: Do you think there should be voter ID in every state? 		Vote and retweet please
@1776Stonewall A whole entire re vote would be bettet. Notice how all of the didsaray abd chaos only favored democrats against republicabs that had already won? They needed time to make the extra ballots. BY ANY MEANS NECESSARYis their motto.
@scook82 @thejtlewis Dont under estimate the power of a wocked enemy.  JFK assassination is still keeping many politicians from doing the right thing
@thejtlewis @TheTestyTarheel Ive got hope with our new Attorney General
@TOOAJoyce @daspanzerfahrer They want immigrants to pay lower wages. Immigration both legal and especially illegal. Is exactly why America's workers wages have been stagnent for so long and have stayed so low.!
@Native_View @barmore27 @otdon If yankee means jew, then youd be correct. Not that there arent even more gentiles taking their money and doing their dirty work. Americans are ignorant to the fact that the jewish mafia is the oldest, largest, and most powerful mafia in the world.Sicilians take orders from them
@barmore27 @TheTestyTarheel This has went beyond election fraud. This has  and appears to be an organized innsurrection.
@BuckSexton @vicksiern The breakdown of American civility could occur like flash flood.
NEWS ALERT: Whistle blower signs sworn affidavit of fake ballots being filled out. https://t.co/dXHI2LJSJ0
@J_H_5 @FraterRogerus Thats why repitition is so prelevent in  their media
@FraterRogerus If it were not for the internet, Americans would still be in the complete control of their propaganda monopoly. I just dont think that most whites want to live in a jew world order. They think its bad now with the jews putting little old ladies in prison for holocaust denial?
@JoshuaD33878363 @CRay_USA @LouDobbs Whether its the media, democrat party, or Antifa. Theyre all just tentacles on the BEAST
@CRay_USA @LouDobbs The same way Clinton won the popular vote even though she only won 16 states. Which by the way, 6 of the states she won were the smallest least populated states in the Union. The democrats have been telling their illegal aliens to vote. Sanctuary city
@LouDobbs Gilkium is a black devil.
@charliekirk11 CNN and other corporate propaganda operations truly are domestic enemies. Take President Trump's Warning seriously. Because nothing is more dangerous then  allowing yourself to be brainwashed with marxist programming
@KTHopkins @anonwulfhund We oppose all Islamic mosques constriction.  The immigration of or patriation of any and all muslims will be prohibited.America and Islam are bot compatible. Depotrtation of those that have already been able to penetrate our socities. Is also  a priority.
" judaism is communism" rabbi wolfstein https://t.co/VZXY6njRbn
@blaircottrell89 Notice that the violent left got really violent right after they aligned themselves with islam muslims
Obvious criminal activity occurring inBroward Co. https://t.co/JBCdLNtjk3
@gailcotten2gma1 @RealMattCouch That indicates the beginning stages of a civil war or revolution.
@RealMattCouch @Apollyon001 Its the same cabal that tried to steal 2016 presidential election.  They have to be rooted out, or theyll only accelerate and increase their tactics. Its the peoplethat have to demand justice.
@mikemnyc @kayleighmcenany Only impeachment can remove an elected official. Broweard Co. Is so corrupt I honestly doubt that they could get a jury to convict her. Shes got big dark money to grease the wheels and keep her out of jeopardy.
@kayleighmcenany @TOOEdit Its no wonder why shes doing this. No consequences for her previos actions. Shes probably getting paid big money by Soros. The whole Browerd Co. Local govt. Are as corrupt as Tammany Hall politicians of the past. No one stopped them either.
"It doesn't matter who votes, it only matters who counts the votes." Joseph Stalin
@AlbionIsForever Zionist propaganda saturates the evengelical church. Therefore doing Israels agenda is whats in their minds constantly.  Its borderline treason.  Their loyalties are being converted grom Christ abd Constitution to a perverse from of pseudo judaism. Idolatry
@TOOEdit @TuckerCarlson Trying to prevent the white race from organizing to protect our own self intrests , If any culture or people are worth saving . Its caucasian people. Weve walked on the moon! Yet were suppossed to submit to people who would still be hunters and gathers without whites
@Nature_and_Race What goes around , comes around.  For with every action  there is an equal and opposite reaction .
Birds of the same feather will aleays flock together. Fish of a fin will school together wherever they swim.
Each snd every Secretary in the Executive branch or In the President's cabinet.  Are subject to the authority of the president and shall carry out his wishes. This includes the A.G. the President is the Sheriff. The A.G. is his deputy. The DOJ is NOT a seperate branch of govt.!
@GreggJarrett Thanks for this post. I was wondering why the President picked another insider. We need an outsider. Kick ass  kinda guy to be the permanent A.G. to  even begin to reestablish the reputation of the DOJ. We know its the shield and sword of the derp state.
SNIPES is sniping votes. https://t.co/7YdSZsCzOH
@1776Stonewall They nearly stole the election in 2016. Our failure to prosecute the Obama admin and Clinton and her DNC conspirators. Has emboldened them.What have they got to lose.There are alot of democrats in office thatll do whatever it takes if to steal the Senate in order to impeach Trump
@Nature_and_Race This is because so many whites are socially restrained. Whereas minorities are more a aggressive.  Plus minority groups tend to be organized into voting blocks.  Whereas whites are more individualistic
RT @LouDobbs: #LDTPoll: Do you think any reasonable person would support voter ID laws to ensure electoral integrity?
@realDonaldTrump Choose wisely, you must. The permanent Attorney General needs to be not only loyal to the Constitution but we also need him to clean up the DOJ  The DOJ has been rogue for too long. The President has the authority and duty to exercise oversight and give direct orders to the DOJ
Kavanaugh should remind us that democrats will go to any level,.By any means necessary. The ends justify the means. https://t.co/11jW7KYIoL
https://t.co/Fpxt01Z8kf reports that the invasion from the south or "caravan"was organized by leftwing groups out of Venezuela to vause damage the U.S.A. That makes sense considering Venezuelas sociopolitical condition under socialism. There would be no shortage of volunteers.
Think about it. Democrats are trying everything they can to make people doubt our election results. In 2016 it was Russian collusion. This is what socialists do .
@kayleighmcenany @wotofobill The radical neoliberals knew where to focus there base of attack	. By any means necessary. Has been there motto.
@Rainbow_Harvest @FraterRogerus The radical leftwing neoliberals in the Democrat party has become domestic Enemies of our Constitution.
@FraterRogerus I thought the same thing but lets wait to see how things go when our President Trump nominates a new associate justice to the Supreme Court,  to replace Ruth Bader Ginsberg...!
@TheGreatFeather @Emperor_Albus Thats why theyre pushing demographic displacement of the Founding white population with illegal aliens from Mexico,  Central America, and South America, Combined with public education. Their media and Hollywood the People' have been slowly indoctrinated into socialism.
@acro009 @JMcfeels @FLGovScott @realDonaldTrump They wont be able to Its another Fing Kavanaugh!!!
@JMcfeels @FLGovScott @realDonaldTrump I agree. She has already violated multiple State laws and refusedc to comply with an court order. The elite democrats have been doing organized criminal election fraud. Now I see why they refuse to require I D  You gotta have an I.D. to do many things and voting must be one.
Justice Scalia, Seth Rich, Brett Kavanaugh, B.A.A M  "by any means necessary " https://t.co/NKWDA2twE3
Its music to my ears ,when our President Trump tells the nation the truth . That CNN  and MSNBC is !!!FAKE NEWS!!!
Just the fact that America has the 2nd Amendment, prevented us from being invaded The Imperial Army of Japan intended to attack the West coast. However, the Major General Hiromoto had attended Harvard and said "we cant invade them, there will be a gun behind every blade of grass"
"Make the most of the Indian hemp seed, and sow it everywhere." George Washington
Claims that cannabis is more potent nowadays is not necessarily true. The hemp that is currently consumed is not genetically modified. Its the same ancient genes.Potency still ranges from low to high. Its really just like a genetic lottery. No two seeds will produce the same hemp
Its a shame that our nation has failed our youth by not empowering them with robust education ,training experience and knowledge regarding their Right to keep and bear arns. Instead they reinforce victimhood only to leave the young men &amp; women incapable, and vulnerable to killers
@SterlingGirl_66 Patriots must know the difference between LAWFUL NECESSARY FORCE- ( the use of physical force in imminent self defense or the defense of family or others in jeopardy ) VIOLENCE- ( is any act that violates the Natural Rights of any other being)The two are constantly conflated.
A scientific study could be done where hundreds ofmales could be selected and analyzed based upon specific psychological profiles.They could then be given estrogen and progesterone for specific lengths of time.Then have a controlled test how many of them have homosexual urges.
If you pay attention, most neoliberals will give the same answers as children, if asked questions like; should illegal immigrants get free health care and or housing. Perhaps thats why theyve not seen the problem with recruiting kids to support their causes. Its immature politics
If you pay attention, most neoliberals will give the same answers as children, if asked questions like; should illegal immigrants get free health care and or housing. Perhaps thats why theyve not seen the problem with recruiting kids to support their causes. Its immature politics
@charliekirk11 Sending your child to college is a horrible plan. They will be turned into leftwingnut idiots.
@marcorubio Criminals have to stall.
This is unbelievable.  	It is Now Legal to Defecate and Urinate on Denver Sidewalks! What??? @RealJTP https://t.co/KssxA8CUte
@realDonaldTrump @RickShawSoCal NEW ELECTION NOW!
Sign this petition.		CONGRESS: Remove Brenda Snipes from Supervising the Broward County, FL Vote Count https://t.co/VYjIFBQedW
@Brugal @JoanneSzafrani1 @marcorubio Every lawful vote should count.  There are fraudulent ballots that have to be discarded.
@1776Stonewall Thats why the  media fake news has been programming the masses with their BLUE WAVE propaganda. Getting us subconsciously prepared to accept their mass fraud campaign. We are at war with a domestic enemy.  Call it the deep state. Its a subversive enemy using the democrat party.
@1776Stonewall I agree. The democrats have overplayed their hand politically every since President Trump was elected. I think thats what were seeing again. Theyre desperate to steal the Senate.
Prosecute voter fraud. https://t.co/92VblAEsC5
How is it that the US Department of Treasury can mint, print, and issue our currency but yet it's not our money. We have to borrow it from who? The federal reserve, a private banking cartel posing as a govt institution. An Unconstitutional monopoly over the whole monetary system.
@ukhomeoffice You Brits are like little children. So emotionally immature that you have to prohibit freedom of  speech, along with most other natural Rights. I guess you are still just mere slaves or subjects of the monarchy. Thats why we Americans kicked the British out of America in 1776
@GOPChairwoman Theyll push throug fraudulent ballots and then force the courts to throw them out. Theyve got a few judges in the bag. The worst that can happen is the votes get tossed. Theyve got no fear of prosecution because of the continual failure of the gov. to enforce election laws.
@dj_auditthefed @Outlander158 The witch has not got long to haunt the Supreme Court.
@3502zippo Now your getting it.
@RJGatorEsq @IrrefutableMM @realDonaldTrump Where would we put all of those democrats?
@charliekirk11 @vkinkela Neoliberals are duplicitous because they have no moral or ethical anchor. Its power that is their god.
Its NOT a coincidence that Florida has continuously been at the center of controversy in our elections. With Browerd Co. specifically. It should be noted that Fla. has one of the largest population of extremely wealthy and ìnfluential joows. That are virtually all pro- denocrat.
The reason America goes nto other countries to spread democracy (LOL) or for any other excuse ,is not for political or humanitarian causes. Its to impress those nations into debt slavery. After the war the infrastructure is built up like a farm with sheep to be herded and sheered
The democrat party's desire to destroy I.C.E. and eliminate our national borders, would render our nation vulnerable to every evil form of invasion. This is one of the most unpatriotic if not treasonous ploys in American history.
@realDonaldTrump Democrats are criminals. That's one reason why they want MS13 into the  country.Thats their muscles. They resist immigration reform because they don't want us to have secure borders.Too many dems involved in drug and human trafficking.Rhinos want the same because theyre imposters
There are ppisons that the CIA has developed that can absorb through the skin much like water. These poisons can take months or years to cause organ failure.  Allowing them to avoid suspicion and time to profit off of treating the patient.
Hospitals could easily be staffed with agents and utilized for political control. Anyone on the "lists" deemed to be an enemy or undesirable would be easily  identified when they visited a hospital , medical clinic or professiinals. The agent would then poison the target.
Of course the elite are now using regenerative medicine, such as advanced stem cell therapy for themselves. Convential medicine is being kept for profit and population control. Still think tyranny is tolerable?
@Nature_and_Race The freedom and innovation produced under  National Socialism was so prosperous that the " jewish oligarchs " couldnt afford to allow the rest of Europe and perhaps the rest of the world to follow the lead. This threatened the global central banking cartel that plagues the Earth.
@MWood6634 A coven of witches .
Whenever you think. " why is that person asking such a ridiculous question" While your watching tv. or reading mainstream media? Most of the time this is because that person has a master behind the scenes that controls what that person is aloud to say ,do, and or question.
Democrats need to be aware that there is a consequential limit to attacking our President . Each and every day for anything and everything neoliberals attack our President. Theyve abandoned any personal accountability and continue to blame the president for the actions of others
Since 2016 weve heard nothing but how Russia tried to interfere in the elections and how theyve been doing this for the past 50 years. Howeve, now that the Dems won the House ,we havent heard Russia being mentioned, let alone accussed of having  tried to intefere
@JackPosobiec @wvufanagent99 Im sure that 90 % will be democrat. Criminals.
Republicans were hurt by the unlawful Mueller investigation. It had a negsstive and unfair impact on the election. I think that was the intention.
Gee, I wonder why the democrats are so desperate to keep Rod Rosenstein In charge of the Mueller investigation?
Deep state tryibg to steal Florida election and other electuons axross the state ITS ONLY REPUBLICAN WINS THAT ARE BEING STOLEN.!!!! https://t.co/83TethfTEF
Its a disgrace to justice that whenever a white or christian gets murdered ,its just another violent crime. If a jew or black gets murdered its a hate crime. Their lives are treated as nore important.They get special privileges. Violating the principle of equality under the LAW.
Americans are NOT obligated to defend, or to be hostile to the  enemies of the jews. That is Israels obligation. Our corrupt govt would leave our nation desolate for the sake of a nation that makes more enemies than any other nation. Its them. It isnt the rest of humanity.
@1776Stonewall This is how civil wars start. When the system breaks down due to a lack of patriotism. Thats what we've got with the entire democrat party. Just the fact that they want to eliminate our national borders and have no fidelity to our Sovereignty or Bill of Rights is enough evidence.
If America keeps treating its vets like trash ,and keep on giving away the countries , aid and treasure to illegal foreign invaders. Those neglected and troubled vets with violent and suicidal tendencies may start resenting the ungrateful sheep and take out their despair on them.
Alot of discrepancies with the elections. More then enough to invoke suspicion and reduce confidence.
@suzydymna @DorothyMontgom4 It is an enclave of domestic enemies, and or perhaps a coven of witches, has formed in Broward County. We're truly seeing the formation of openly hostile marxist armies disguised as sanctuary cities ect. Patriots can not afford to ne apathetic or remiss in their vigilance.
DEMS= D.E.M.S.= Domestic Enemies &amp; Malevolent Satanists
We ought not be surprised to see attenpts to subvert and steal elections from the so called social justice warriors , whose motto is " by any means necessary." These domestic enemies must all be arrested and incarcerated. The leadership should be imprisoned in Guantanamo Bay .
The Arizona race should not be certified. The counting of votes has obviously been grossly compromised and is illegitimate.
@ScottforFlorida It smells like deep state operations
WARNING: The deep state is engaged in egregious fraud, attempting to steal multiple House  &amp;  Senate seats. I'm certain that they know this is their opportunity to insert enough traitors into the Senate in effort to facilitate a coup via unlawful inpeachment.
@michaelsjones2 @TheMarkPantano @PAMsLOvE Election could turn into civik war.
@TheMarkPantano @tracy_mzz Im not surprised. Thats why they put a crazy fenale terrorist up front. Shes just a stupid puppet.
@NeverCuck @lorettatheprole The Supreme Court can NOT stop the President from issuing an executive order, that rescinds a previous executive order. That is an egregious violation of the seperation of powers. If DACA came into existence via an executive order then DACA can be rescinded by an executive order
Neoliberals are just hateful and jealous because Donald J.Trump is a Republican and not a democrat.
@GOPChairwoman @1blessedbee Broward Co. Has an atrocious history concerning election fraud. Plus it is a locus of democratic operatives. It literally would be the one single county that I'd guess if election fraud is going to happen its going to be in Broward co.
CNN Counterfeit News Network , has had its primary WhiteHouse correspondent A-COST-ED...! https://t.co/sZ04dx577B
@LouDobbs @EdRollins @realDonaldTrump The President must remain firm and set an example . Maybe the rest of the crew will tone it down and be respectful?
Their plans are to destroy America and Europe in order to institute world dictatorship. https://t.co/hwRSPkvw6c
RT @ROHLL5: 😳😂😂😂 https://t.co/eFQDB8fsBG
@huntedfellow @Emperor_Albus Its crazy to watch them keep up their illusory narrative and propaganda. We the Patriots know who they really are	God bless America for giving us a President that has declared the " fake news"to be the domestic enemies of the people that they truly  are.
Democrats are getting more and more bold in their attenpts to cheat and steal our elections. It used to just be voter fraud and zombie votes.. If they'll use the full force of the federal govt., then theyll surely dare to try and steal a Senate seat or two, and or governorships. https://t.co/i1AHgY7sgc
@SaraCarterDC The fact that so much pertinent information is intentionally kept concealed an vhidden from the American People, proves that this is not a democracy. An elite group of unaccountable people make all of the decisions without our knowledge or any oversight. Secrecy sustains  tyranny
@SaraCarterDC How many times are Americans going to be led to their demise by those hiding in the shadows of national secrecy? We cant trust the intel agencies or the DOJ. They dont want us to look behind the curtain and see that they've been intentionally lying to the People in every way.
@LouDobbs @Jim_Jordan We need a new House Speaker , like Him Jordan, to take over the next two months. Otherwise well fizzle out under lyin Ryan.
@1776Stonewall This is exactly why we cant let the Obama/ Clinton crime syndicate get away with trying to set up The Trump Campaign and steal l the election. Theyre still trying to plot to take down the President with Muellers unlawful investigation.
Leftwing zealots are planning to foment and incite insurrection. Under the Constitution the militia( not the army) is specifically authorized and obligated to suppress any insurrection. Alert: Leftists Planning Anti-Trump Rallies in over 900 Cities Tonight https://t.co/wbwDICBvYf
"An armed society is a more polite society."  George Washington
@jmk1338 @MWood6634 UR likely correct. People dont realize the magnitude and gravity of the situation. The deep state has been operating for decades and have contigency plans and traps set. I knew it was going to take more then a couple pf years to clean house. I just pray they dont JFK Trump first.
I knew for sure that whenever the Chicago Cubs won the World Series in 2016, that Donald J.Trump was going to win the Presidecy.
Stormy Daniels, having to reimburse Donald J.Trump bigtime for falsely accussing him in a law suit,  is a perfect example of how whenever someone tries to "get over" on him .it always backfires and ends up working out in his favor.
@NeverCuck " to discover who is ruling over you , find out who you can't criticize in public."   Voltaire
@PKsbpdl This is true. Law schools have ber teaching students for decades to be lenient on blacks that committ violent crimes against whites ,as a perverse form of justice. Really its probablly to just ensure that there is never peace betwern the races .
CNN counterfeit News Network is the enemy of the people
Gun control is the primary cause and thus is responsible for virtually all shootings. Because, This didnt happen when most of the American population was well armed and capable of defending themselves and families. Thats what deterred shootings in America ,until gun control. https://t.co/SIxKUNw4Ia
A vote for democrats is a vote to destroy the economy.
America could be a much greater nation if we didnt go back and forth every couple of years between two completely opposite political parties.All of the gains we make are cancelled out. Just like how Trump got our economy booming only to have liberals sabotage all of our success.
@Matthewsdad5106 @SaraCarterDC Rosenstein is off the Mueller case .
@SaraCarterDC @Hellrazor1984 Democrats can go to hell. They kbow its on now. Sessions was a deep state plant all aling. Now its time to clean house. Id be frightened if i were a dummycrat to.
@MNFAITH2020 @BirdClanMssngr @USATODAY Because she absolutely should ve been  indicted. The left wing loons are nutz to think thats a reason to keep him out of the A.G.'s office
@ZeitgeistGhost @USATODAY See Bill Cooper's book BEHOLD A PALE HORSE  he blew the whistle on Project Orion. Using undercover agents posing as psychiatrists to take at risk youth, and use drugs, hypnosis, and programming to committ school shootings, in order to get the U.S to give up the 2nd Amendment
@cursedsalad @Outlander158 It feels good to be one of the people that is completely impervious to name calling. Its very difficult for me to understand those that tuck their tails between their legs anytime someone calls them a name. I certainly dont care ,at all ,what fools think of me.
@cursedsalad @Outlander158 Anti semite has lost its power. Most people realize that this slur is used to keep people from pointing out or discussing the global jewish mafia's crimes against humanity and nature.
RT @4YrsToday: Is CNN the enemy of the people?
The shooting in California proves that gun control laws cant stop violent criminals from committing crimes. Gun control laws actually cause great harm by making it too difficult for most people to carry and defend themselves and others. Turning the people into sitting ducks
Take notice America! You dont see Republicans or Conservatives rioting or attacking democrats because they lost the House in the midterm elections. Big difference in the character of republicans compared to democrats.
The replacement of RBG. is going to drive neoliberals insane .. tick tock tick tock.  It wont be long now......Ruth Bader Ginsburg Hospitalized After Suffering Injury in Fall https://t.co/3r9qxH4wqI
@westland_will @ADrake12345 They're trying to monkey with his style . I say turn up the heat. F**ck the cucks!
@EastwoodReturns @thehill " To discover who it is that is ruling over you, find out who you are not allowed to criticize in public."   Voltaire
@SelimSeesYou @fardulf This is harrassment.
@Lucky13968269 @TheWorldWatch @penelope7usa @TuckerCarlson You dont have to physically touch someone for there to be an act of violence. Telling someone that you'll shoot them if they move, is an act of violence , even if you never touched them at all. Violence is the act of violating someones rights.
@TheWorldWatch @penelope7usa @TuckerCarlson Violence is to violate the Rights of others. Usually its associated with physical harm, but an act of violence is when someone violates your rights.
@penelope7usa @Olkoth_Awoken @TuckerCarlson They really think that just because they paint "crush Racism" on a few bed sheets, gives them the authority to violate the Rights of others. This group intends to use threats, intimidation, harrassment, and terror to try and alter Tucker his family, and neighbors political views
Neoliberal logic: "Their is no such thing as gender, its just a social construct."	  	"There's not enough women in the House of Representatives."		Ive got zero tolerance for neoliberal hypocrisy. The fact that they are so duplicitous reveals that they have no sincere morality.
@sewwutnow @tracy_mzz She is a harbinger of bad things to come. The fact that someone with her lack of knowledge and fidelity to iur Constitution could become a member of Congress.
@NoMoreZionism Tar and feathers for Christmas.
If House Republicans are wise they'll have Paul Ryan step aside . Elect a new Speaker of the House ( JimJordan ) and go full force, no breaks, for the remainder of this majority!
America has been mentally subjugated by the weaponized media for at least the past century. A Criminal cabal has created and monopolized virtually all of the Western corporate media.Only recently have We the People been able to seek freedom and the truth. Can you handle the truth
I really appreciate the modern era of INDEPENDENT JOURNALISM. The 1st Amendment was written with this very spirit. Think of Ben Franklin operating his printing press, by himself,throughout the night. Distributing his hand pressed copies to his neighbors in the morning.
@hopeforjade @PressSec Thats absurd . You'd have ten thousand people or more. The press is an individual right. Its been hijacked by major media corporations.
@PressSec Avout time. Tolerated too much unprofessional conduct from Acosta abd others. They need to respect our President or face consequences.
@1776Stonewall They can't remove him with Impeachment because of Republican control &amp; gains in the Senate. They're powerless to stop judicial and executive nominees , as well as all Treaties and trade deals. They also cant pass any socialist legislation. They probablly lose the House in 2020
@MarkDice He's a corporate tool . A poser.
@MWood6634 To destroy America is essential .America  must go! In order for a communist new world government to be established. Isral will be the capitol.
The deep state's hate is on high! They're already engaging the media, democrat party ,as well as their ANTIFA thugs.  DOJ: Acting AG to take over oversight of Russia probe https://t.co/L95h16I0CQ
This is a perfect example of no matter how "educated" radical leftwing neoliberals are, they tend to suffer from emotional immaturity... Police: SUNY Professor Laura Ebert Caught Stealing GOP Yard Signs Ahead of Midterms | Breitbart https://t.co/qdBoa6cDZH via @BreitbartNews
The national hemp industry was enough of a good reason to fire the A.G. Hemp is a potential trillion dollar a year industry., creating millions more jobs. Marijuana Industry Gets High as Jeff Sessions Resigns | Breitbart https://t.co/0AzzVCCUd6 via @BreitbartNews
@TOOEdit Your talking about people who are openly encouraging hate and violence against the white males whom they blame for all of their own problems.
@SteveKingIA If hes a patriot why did he let Clinton go free.Seriously its like were just supposed to roll over and play stupid. She's obviously covering for alot other criminals. Obama admin conspired to frame and destroy a political opponent in order to steal the election . We want justice
@MWood6634 Sessions gave America a big F U whenever he refused to prosecute Clinton for all her felonies and acts of espionage. Obama and his ilk should be in prison for using the federal govt. Intelligence agencies and the DoJ along with others.
@TheRealHublife @Hellrazor1984 The DOJ is the shield and sword of the deep state. If Trump is wise and puts in the right man, the whole criminal enterprise thats been operating for decades will be exposed. If justice is upheld ,then thousands will be prosecuted. Thats why theyre going crazy.
The greed of the pharmaceutical industry, surgeons, medical professionals,  bankers, money masters, eugeniscists, politicians, religious  zealots, and others are directly or indirectly preventing new technology from being developed, that can prevent death from old age or disease.
If I were President, my main priority would be to create a national program and goal to effectively eliminate death from disease and old age. Using genetic engineering and nano technology this goal can be achieved right now today, with the necessary will and money.
@scamptres1 @Fuctupmind @Hellrazor1984 My point was that he needs to appoint an Attorney General that he can trust as mich as he trusts his own son.
@Fuctupmind @Hellrazor1984 Trump must fire Sessions and put his Son in as A.G. Thats why J.F.K.put his brother in as A.G. even though they still killed him. Obviously they wouldn't likely approve of his son..but my point is he has to pick the most trustworthy person he can.
Did the unlawful Mueller Investigation that's dragged out for an absurd amount of time with an even more egregious cost to taxpayers of 45 million Dollars. Did this  have an unfair and negative impact on the 2018 midterm elections for Republicans.?
Whenever you consider Paul Ryan and all of the other retirements in the House. Its almost like they had inside information on who was going to take the House, and decided to wuit.
Republicans ought to kick Paul Ryan out, so that they can get something actually acomplished in the last two months of the Republican majority.
What if the U.S. allowed all able bodied single male and females aliens the privilege of serving the U.S. military overseas.They could send money back to their families and be allowed to retire in the U.S Those with children or unable to join the military could go to Puerto Rico?
Those that make debate and  free speech impossible, make violent repercussions inevitable.
@basili_debra @DeplorableTrump @PamBaker3 @FoxNews Juan Williams is an anti white hater. Very unpatriotic.
@DeplorableTrump @anonwulfhund @FoxNews Fox news calling the election couldve actually had an impact on voters out West.
@DLoesch Every man and women in my family supports THE 2nd Amendment.  Not one of us is in the NRA. So there are way more Americans that live their guns but are not on the list.
@Gjergj95_1 @LanaLokteff @realDonaldTrump The day they decide to take away the 2nd Amendment, is the day that they sign their own death warrant. Because if and when they come after guns, theyre really coming after our lives and property. They always kill those that theyve violated out of fear of reprisal.
@MaVASteve @kxirider2002 @Breaking911 Gotcha .I was obviously refferring to criminal law.
@SDGrave @cabrera_sys @Nature_and_Race What specifically are you interested in knowing?
@peaceandharmon6 @LanaLokteff @realDonaldTrump Denial and ignorance infects the people like a plague. However, at least in a plague the weak and cowardly die off and cant continue to impede the people.
@LanaLokteff @realDonaldTrump We'll have a civil war when it gets to that point. Which is already inevitable.Its just a matter of time now. After the patriots eliminate the socialists the demographic restoration of America will follow.This time we'll make it crystal clear that America is for the white race
@MaVASteve @kxirider2002 @Breaking911 Ive never heard of a conviction like that. I could never convict someone of assault and battery for such an offense as a jurist. Thats like calling someone who smacks another on the ass, a rapist .
@kxirider2002 @Breaking911 He could claim assault based upon the emotional stress he suffered from the physical action upon his personal effects.
@Argentarii_H @MariaSturg @Breaking911 But its the jews and they should always be treated like gods since they are gods chosen people and the whole entire Earth is their inheritance and theirs alone."Gentiles are only hete to serve us."
@darhar981 @Breaking911 Hate is a natural &amp; normal human emotion. Attempting to suppres hste turns into violent urges. In America we punish the acts, not feelings ,or emotions. If the boys have broken a law then they ought to be punished. All people should be given equal treatment under the law
@Breaking911 The world is awakening to the talmud
@RealJamesWoods Minnesota will be one of the epicenters of the coming civil war. There are somali terrorists trainibg to kill the stupid fat Americans.,right now. This very minute  and they multiply like rabbits ,why were not even replacing our population.
The first "social security" programs were instituted by States to provide care for slaves, that could no longer work due to old age or poor health. These State run programs would provide care for them for the remainder of their lives.
@realDonaldTrump President Trump understands that they intend to prolong the Mueller investigation for as long as he will tolerate it. In order to prevent the President from exercising his rlawful authority over the DOJ, which is currently a rogue dept. The DOJ is not a seperate branch of gov.
All sentient caucasian people in these times of hate and persecution, ought to be up in arms. Our worst enemy has not only infiltrated and subverted our nations but have brainwashed most with their weaponized media to not even speak about them to one another in public out of fear https://t.co/tqDKX5VdTt
@wayotworld Civic nationalists are half baked. Its just multiculturalism re packaged. The only way a nation survives long term , is with ethnic solidarity. America is unique but force and coercion has had to be employed to keep the peace between the races but even force wont last forever
@BabsJiblets @88RWN @realDonaldTrump Im sick of hearing about how great things are for blacks and every other minority, when white men continue to suffer and decline. The suicide rate is 3 times higher for white males, and the media taunts them about their replacement and heaps all blame on them for every problem.
I'll support your privilage to bear arms, provided that you do everything that the government demands of you, and that you never violate any one of the million U.S. Codes, Statutes, Acts of Congress, and or State and local ordinances.	Sound right, because that's how it is now.
@cabrera_sys @Nature_and_Race Teddy was a manufactured candidate. One of Hollywoods first political creations. He gave awa y most of the U.S. to a foreign power, under the guise of the national park system.
@Nature_and_Race Presenting our opponents with the truth will not suffice. Its going to take a war. There are far too many violent enemies of white homogeneity. They will never let us escape their system of slavery without a fight. We must create a sanctuary(s) for our progeny.
Slavery never ended in America. It was merely modified to adjust to the new post industrial revolutionary  economy. All (U.S. CITIZENS) have been  converted into debt slaves. The threat of force and or punishment to give away the fruits of your labor (taxation) is prison &amp; fines.
Its much cheaper to pay slaves cash and give them the illusion of freedom. Its just too expensive to pay for all of the food, clothing, housing, medical care, hygiene  ,childcare, and all other necessities required to maintain slaves, whether theyre healthy enough to work or not.
Sodomites that pretend to be married are sodomates...
Anyone that attempts to eliminate freedom of speech in America under the guise of "hate speech", ought to be tarred and feathered in the public square!
Germans go to prison for denying the holocaust  ,while muslims that gang rape little girls go free. The German police do exvessive searches on Germans holding a nusic festival for German pride , yet they let muslims enter into the country entirely unchecked.
If Americans have to get permission and or approval to exercise a Right, then its not a Rigjt ,its a privilege. Forcing individuals to submit to a background check to purchase firearms is an infringement of the 2nd, 5th, and 9th Amendments. And violates the right to privacy.
@Nature_and_Race If grafetti has become a hate crime, then this country is not worth defending anymore.
U.S. citizens go to prison for committing crimes and pay heavy fines. Illegal aliens commit crimes and just get caught and released. Americans get their licenses suspended for any little violation.  Illegal aliens drive drunk, without licenses or insurance yet get released.
Illegal aliens do NOT have any Constitutional Rights whatsoever. The corrupted federal gov. has allowed this travesty of justice to occur, in order to provide corporations with plenty of slave labor. Which is why American workers wages have not increased in the past two decades.
I predict the stock market will now proceed to drop significantly , after the  election results.
America has women to thank for voting their emotions rather then using logic and giving the democrats the majority in the House. Perhaps for the sake of equality ,all women should have to register for selective service. Like men are required to do.
Romney the Rhino wins. Hes going to sabotage the American People and president ,every chance he can get.
Congratulations Colorado for electing the first sodomite to be an American governor.
I guess violence and threats of the democrats paid off for them. I wonder if they'll be civil now as Hillary Clinton threatened.
@PKsbpdl A very large portion of jews are very hostile to gentiles. Which if you read their talmud it would be clear as to why. We're all less then dirt to therm. Of course theyre all taught to smile and pretend to be friendly and poison or stab gentiles in the back when theyre not lookin
@ChatByCC @FoxNews Its almost like its controlled.
@nowthisnews According to leftwing anti white groups of course. Theres a big difference between a violent crime and an act of terrorism. These groups have grissly conflated the two.
Its such a shame to split the legislative branch. Its going to slow our economy down bigtime. The democrats wont be able to impeach Trump ,or prevent Trump from appointing  Supreme Court Justices like replacing Ruth Bader Ginsberg.Looks like a year of gridlock .
@Alexgar84153432 Anyone that doesnt know anything about the Bill of Rights shouldnt have an equal vote. If we had a test on the Bill of Rights ,it would force people to learn their Rights. Those that refuse would still have a vote it just wouldnt be worth as much as the guy who aced the test.
Economic recovery is over!  Splitting the legislative branch is exactly why this country cant dig its way out of a hole. No country can keep going back and forth between capitalism and socialism.
America needs to reform its voting system to a "weighted" system. It makes no sense for an 18 yr. Old stripper, who does'nt even know that there is a Bill of Rights, to have an equal vote to a professor of Constitutional law. We ought to have testing just like a drivers license.
@109plusOne Soith Africa is what America will look like if whites become a minority	 The next phase for S.A. is genocide and utter destruction. It'll take alot of effort to save our nation from ruin. Its more important to save our People. No cause is too xtreme when its for life and liberty
@DefendEvropa The  jews. They could care less and probably celebrated in secret. All of the gang rape of white girls and women ,acid attacks, stabbings, drive by, beheadings and other violent crimes committed against whites. Iguess we need catchy phrases like antisemitic and holocaust to count
@DineshDSouza So sick and tired of the petty "lets make the other person seem more racist then us!" Lets have a real EMOTIONALLY mature and scientific discussion about race for once. Denying a sincere discussion on race is warping the U.S and is why so many people refer to everything as racist
The owners of CNN and MSNBC are obviously not concerned about making profits. Which means that rather then being normal media corporations, they appear to be.organizations that operate by intelligence/ propaganda agents. They've proven themselves to be serious  domestic enemies.
@TakeThatStraw I was an honor student in the natural sciences all through high school in which I graduated with a 4.0 GPA  I then did my pre- med at IUPUI with the highest honors. With a degree in Human Biology while majoring in Psychology. It takes intelligence to reckognize intelligence.
"If a law is unjust, a man is not only right to disobey it, he is obligated to do so." -Thomas Jefferson
Democrats say, screw the 40,000+ homeless veterans living on our streets.  Lets give housing to all of the tens of thousands of illegal aliens that are preaparing to invade our borders .
If the GOP would finally unify their support for the People and States Rights regarding marijuana, and remove hemp from the controlled substance act, they would take over the entire consituency of the Libertarian Party overnight.
@Print2Fits None of your assertions or opinions were scientifically valid . As far as im concerned you did nothing but regurgitate arcane theories from the 19th century. You may want to take some time to research some of the proponents of ID. Theyre able to present the science Tweets wont do
The 1930's was the zenith for progressive democrats.They confiscated all of the Peoples Constitutional money (gold) and made it illegal for Americans to posses for 40 yrs.Up until 1974. They banned the # 1 agricultural commodity marijuana or hemp. Passed the firearms act of 1938'
@SaraCarterDC Trump republicans are more libertarian then the old neocons that pushed the Bush crime family on us. We refused to support McCain or vote for Romney. The GOP can NOT win without us. Trump was the first republican i ever voted for president
@Print2Fits Just some different ideas and perspectives. Hope our exchange stimulated some new and interesting thoughts.
@Print2Fits DNA is a code of four different ammino acids. Similar but more advanced to binary code.Depending on the arrangement of the aminos a specific protein will be made. If it was random. Random proteins would be made. The body needs specific advanced proteins to make specialized organs
@Print2Fits Improbable is one thing. One scientist compared it to expecting a quantum computer to self assemble into existence "if given enough time." I guess to mainstream guys thats exactly what has occured, since everything in existence is only the product of random chemical processes?
@Print2Fits Finally, Ill end with the fact that DNA not only is amazingly sophisticated in design, its a coded system of information. Which absolutely requires intelligence. No program can be written without intelligence. Its the software of creation All life uses DNA to program the physical
@Print2Fits The mathematical probability that a single simple protein, not life, with no moving parts, no DNA.,could rabdomly assemble itself. Even in perfect conditions is one in a million trillion.
@Print2Fits The Big Bang is not only about the expansion of the universe. It claims to originate from essentially out of nothing. A point so infinitely small, smaller then a single subatomic particle.And then just a bunch of random chemical reactions produced all sophisticated life. LOL
@Print2Fits Regardless of how life comes into existence, its obvious that it requires innate intelligence for the lifeform to realize that it'll take wings , specific musculature, feathers and hollow bones in order for a bird to fly, for example.
@Print2Fits The big bang theory relates because it is the beginning of life in mainstream science. If a biogenisis was factual. Wed be seeing all kinds of new life forming the same way. The canbrian fossil record shows only fully perfectly formed life forms appearing all at once
@Print2Fits Youve managed to be respectful and thoughtful in your respinses. Many people are too disrespectful to appreciate the other perspective. I was an honor science student from 5-12 grade. My degree at Purdue was Human Biology/ major in psych So I too once accepted evolution as fact.
@Print2Fits You must not realize just how sophisticated prokaryotic cells are. How did all of the essential organrlles in the cell form at the same time? To create a single cell must require intelligent design. The big bang is a theory where everything , including life, comes from nothing.
30% reduction of deaths from opiate overdoses in Colorado, since the re- legalization of cannabis. The reduction of overdoses also indicates a reduction in the overall usage of opiates ,now that marijuana is avaialable to the public for low prices.
Illegal aliens send 25 Billion dollars a year to Mexico alone. We need to put an end to remittances of illegal aliens.
It is unwise to leave your own home unsecure and open to anyone iand everyone. It is equally foolish to leave your nations borders open and unsecure for anyone to violate.
@Print2Fits All of the dinosaurs had to come from eggs. Or do you think they just spontaneously popped into existence out of nowhere, Like the big bang. Thats the whole point. It doesnt matter if its a chicken or a dinosaur. The law of Biogenesis states that all life is born from other life.
I find it frustrating that the federal govt. Violates the American People's Constitutional Rights systematically. Each and every day. However, they spent hundreds of billions of dollars giving rights , privileges , and financial aid to illegal aliens and invading criminals.
@Print2Fits Which came first, the chicken or the egg? Or Which came first the seed or the tree? It seems that the eon of time estimated for an organ, like an eye, to evolve into existence may not even be beneficial by the time it happened. It takes too long for it to be a feasible mechanism.
@CjNiggerWylin @Outsider__14 There are Allpha males , beta males ,and Omega males .. Which one are you?
@Print2Fits Ignorance of the natural sciences , nor knowledge of the Golden Ratio. To deny that intelligence exists in the Universe is to deny mankinds own intelligence. Further mainstream Westerners have been indoctrinated intov the religion of evolution and are compelled to keep the faith
Only those individials with little or impaired intelligence are incapable of acknowledging and accepting the theory of Intelligent Design. The Natural Sciences have advanced way beyond random cartesian materialism.
You shall not pass...!		Tired and Angry, Migrant Caravan Splinters in Mexican State https://t.co/GpZlsxS7dk #Newsmax via @Newsmax
@Ashratah @NotYourPinata1 @westland_will Unfortunately Crude people only respond to brute force. An example nust be set.
@westland_will Animals.
Blacks were not compelled to destroy American historical artifacts and statues, until they allied themselves with muslims. Muslims have been destroying all of Western ancient artifacts and statues in Iraq and surrounding areas. Not just another coincidence. Muslims are in ANTIFA
The CIA is a corrupted institution that ought to be abolished.JFK intended to " smash the CIA into ten thousand pieces"  but they killed him first.That's why they still will not release all of the docsuments. Not until Bush Sr. The CIA's assitant director at the time of his death https://t.co/zso41DKhM6
@peimilners @FoxNews @BarackObama Obama taking credit for the Trump economy. Is like John McCain taking credit for killing Obamacare.
@FoxNews @wisdom1953 @BarackObama The fact that he has to campaign in Illinois says the democrat party knows its toast on Tuesday.
@TraditionalEur1 The RH neg. Blonde/ red blue eyed race is the true minority on Earth. Our decsendents are not indigenous to Earth. Which is why we are not able to live out in the Sun like the other races.
@1776Stonewall How has such an unattractive woman gotten so much attention in her life. All the kings men couldn't make her attractive and thin.
@DragonFire001 @BirdClanMssngr @jeffsessions @POTUS Envy, jealousy, ect. These people want us to take care of them. They dont want to work to build up their own nations. Their countries are resource rich. Their is no excuse other then they would rather get welfare in America rather then build up their own nation.
@Lisi_Johanna @GovJohnKasich @realDonaldTrump @jeffsessions_ @IngrahamAngle John Kasich is likely a pedophile being blackmailed by his deep state masters. He sure gives off a creepy impression. Because it shouldve been clear to him after his failed 2016 campaign, that America does not care what he has to say. He has been rejected by all conservatives
Infiltration and subversion is their modis operandi. Many overly tolerant European nations have been destroyed by them. Demographic displacement is the most powerful weapon of mass destruction. Perpetual debt and warfare take too long. Japan recovered from atomic bombs. https://t.co/grWh5WLJR2
"Republicans make jobs, democrats make mobs.!" President Trump. Referring to ANTIFA thugs. Macon, Georgia.Mid Term Rally 2018
@W_McPrivilege They have policy to pro actively portray themselces, at all times, to be the victims, never the oppressors. They use their monopolies over Hollywood, media, univesrsities, and many other outlets of sociopolitical influence and popular culture to achieve and sustain this agenda.
The state is just the instrument. We need to acknowledge the people behind the agenda. They want to rule with a world govt. with them solely dominate over all of the gentiles of the world. Those that resist will be killed. To do this Anerica , Europe and Russia must be destroyed. https://t.co/lABzpVK4qo
@PKsbpdl Blacks ,for the most part, prefer social homogeneity rather then patriotism. This is their strength. Diversity is really the replacement of the people that created America. Our entire nation is done if whites become the minority.  Look to South Africa for an example of the future
Blacks would be wise to restrain themselves from taunting Americans about the obvious intentional demographic  displacement  of the Founding Peoples of the U.S.A. When the witches spell is finally broken, the great white giant will awaken and put the wicked under heel.
@Liam1C @WeChooseBoth18 @RepMcSally @POTUS Neoliberals do not care about facts . Its all about feelings. Politics require reason and logic and critical thought.  Whenever emotions come in to the equation , dangerous mistakes will occur.
@PamLukas3 @WeChooseBoth18 Democrats want to eliminate medicaid &amp; disability and work/ private insurance and replace it with th ACA. I dont think thats a good idea. It will definitely allow the govt. alot more power over our doctors and force patients to do things that they would otherwise refuse
@WeChooseBoth18 @RepMcSally @POTUS If democrats care so much about paying for those with pre existing conditions, why are they not concerned about preventing illegal immigration that cost the U.S hundreds of Billions dollars annually. President Trump is committed to protecting everyone with pre existing conditions
@RepMcSally @POTUS Dont neglect the medical needs of millions of Americans that have genuine chronic severe pain and require opiods to survive. One mans medicine is another mans poison. Prohibition is not the answer.
@big_catsf @realDonaldTrump @MarthaMcSally You must be deaf, dumb,and blind,  or a democrat.
@PKsbpdl Its a fact. Africa despite being one of the largest resource rich continents in the world, with unlimited man power. Yet every nation inhabited by blacks continues to be impoverished on every level. No matter how much aid and resources given to them ,they still fail to prosper.
@realDonaldTrump @SpacemanCalvin President Trump we support every effort to end so called birth citizenship, and to secure our borders from all illegal aliens.
Its a tragedy that so many necessary environmental concerns are being ignored due to the obsession about the climate changing. This is nothing new, nor a need for concern.The climate has been slowly warming for a long time. We've been coming out of an ice for the past 10,000 yrs.
@NRO God Bless Congressman King.!
Mote then just a Freudian slip. https://t.co/PCYub4P9Jr
@jodythedeadcat @Dontreachyngbld @RepMattGaetz The best indication of the econony turning around is the 4.2% increase in GDP that means that the American Pie is even bigger then ever. Democrats accused him of grandstanding when he predicted 3-4 GDP. The U.S is lucky to have him as the President and will miss him when hes gone
@jodythedeadcat @Dontreachyngbld @RepMattGaetz 18 months is obviously not enough time to remedy all of the 30 years of bad policy. Trump has reworked bad trade deals and created an environment conducive to business, hence the 5 million new jobs. He' would have acomplished more if democrats were not obstructing at every turn.
Republicans poised to Hold the House And the Senate. Democrats predicted to cry and throw temper tantrums.	Pence: GOP Will Keep Control of House https://t.co/SHCzNZNd6u #Newsmax via @Newsmax
President Trump is pulling us back from the cusp of the  horrors of democrat socialism. Vote Republican 2018 to show your support for making Anerica Great Again ! https://t.co/aUWkRcsujQ
@V_of_Europe Theyve got to have cash to by battery acid and machetes
@RyanAFournier She should receive capital punishment.  For the sake of preventing this from happening commonplace.
@ramzpaul @realDonaldTrump Opium
@jodythedeadcat @Dontreachyngbld @RepMattGaetz Only an idiot or a democrat would try an credit obama for the current economy .when Obama policies and regulations have been gone for 2 yrs now. Thats why the stock market and consumer confidence are at all time highs. 5 million new high paying jobs. Unemployment record lows
@jodythedeadcat @Dontreachyngbld @RepMattGaetz As soon asTrump took office the stock market begin to climb to record highs.From the  most deregulation in U.S. history plus the largest tax cut in history.  Its been 2 yrs. Obama policies have been gone awhile bit still the economy is growing. Wages, confidence, tax revenue
I.C.E. needs to arrest and prosecute the treasonous catholics and anyone else that is actively betraying our nation and disregarding our laws. Harboring undocumented aliens is still a crime — expect Sessions to prosecute it https://t.co/RqOK0ItFEL
@QFDDissident @HarmlessYardDog Counterfeit News Network
Catholics serve the pope and have no problem betraying the nation.They used to be forbidden in America because of their history. The pope's the polar opposite to Jesus Christ. 	Malkin: Caravans, churches and criminal sanctuaries https://t.co/FT56dyiRby via @SpectrumNews
@westland_will Blacks are finding out the fact that jews bot christians domina ted the African Atlantic Slave trade and at one point owned 90% of the slaves in the Americas.
@DonaldJTrumpJr He' s going to lose bigtime.We need alot better Senatorial candidates then whos been running. Our country is on the way down and out because most Reps. And Senators dont even know the Bill of Rights.
CNN of course refused to play a Republican campaign ad. https://t.co/GzCgSvvOCY
@Dontreachyngbld @RepMattGaetz A democrat complaining about debt after 8 yrs of the highest debt under Obamas. He bailed out banks. Trump is rebuilding our military because democrats failed to maintain our military but they sure did use it to invade,without Congressional approval,  and destroy Lybia and Syria
@RepMattGaetz Matt thanks for being one of our best Reps. Even though Im from Indiana, I appreciate your Republican virtue and sincere patriotism.We support and really need Congressional oversight of the DoJ. It is NOT a seperate branch of gov. and is obviously the shield hiding the deep state
@Nature_and_Race It all goes back to the Promethean debate of whether or not man should have been given the gift of fire, because of the potential to do great harm. Some people will always try to deprive mankind and keep him out in the cold and the dark. One mans medicine is another mans poison.
A declaration of national emergency by the President, along with closing the border would allow the U.S.A. to forgoe and deny any asylum seekers claims. Non citizens do not have the same level  or type of due process as U.S.citizens. Our gov. is obligated to protect U.S citizens
@LanaLokteff The enemies of free speech ought to be tarred and feathered in public.
@diversity_guru @LanaLokteff Its true that the radical leftwing is relatively small. Its those that have been indoctrinated every since public school started.  It takes quite a bit of real life experience to bring them out of the illusion.  I hope that we find a way to peacefully divorce ourselves from them.
@blaircottrell89 Nazi is the term for any white person that does not allow themselves and or families to be subjugated by lies, false guilt, and accusations. Any white person that takes pride in their anscestors and Ametican heritage.Then of course anyone that actually acts for the sake of whites
@StefanMolyneux White nations have been enslaved to support the150 million non whites that are constantly exuding hatred ,jealousy as well as violence against the people that sustain the nation.
@washingtonpost White racism thats being tolerated by the media is going to backfire. For every action there is an equal action.
@enigma1931 @LanaLokteff Well at least they added a transexual in the bunch for the sake of diveristy.
@LanaLokteff The radical leftwing is so crazy.
Anti- political parties or movements that are primarily focussed on oppossing the other party rarely win elections. Republicans are poised to win the mid terms because they have a substantial platform that all the democrat party has to offer is rabid opposition and obstruction.
@FranSism1g I love this so much. She thought she was gonna make out, but instead will pay out. Shes not exactly known for wise decisions.  She is a disgusting national disgrace.
@SwayGuevara @Nature_and_Race The jews are the primary but they use blacks as shields and mercenaries.
@Nature_and_Race It is virtuous to defend the race. I consider it my sacred duty. I dont need to reduce myself down to their petty levels. In order to defeat them. Although Ill fight with virtue and honor. Like a spartan,  I know how to get down and dirty when it comes to war. There are no rules.
Nothing has more of a negative impact on working wages,  driving wages down for workers,  then illrgal aliens..
White men: If you cant find something to live for, find something to die for. Dont waste the life youve been given.Your brothers, sisters and children need your help. Our heritage is being destroyed. Our homelands overtaken and usurped. We honor &amp; venerate our patriots and heros
@Emperor_Albus The whiter the nation the more civilized and sa fe that nation will be. Thats why millli ons walk over hot coals just to get into a white nation. Conversely the darker a nation the less safe and civil.
@haaretzcom Honor thy mother and father is being destroyed by that same old enemy of ALL humanity and nature.
@Our_Posterity America was created to be a melting pot of all the Peoples of the caucasian race.
@realDonaldTrump The 14th Amendment was written for freed slaves. It dors not authorize illegal immigration. That came much later. It was used by a liberal president to allow birthright citizenship of aliens.
@ShadilayFour @SteveKingIA Thats because the jews are pushing the anti white hate .. whether its in their Hollywood sitcoms or university. I judge them by their own words and actions.
World government is a bad idea, not a solution to war and conflict. The forma rion of world govt. will merely result in perpetual civil wars by the hundreds of millions of people oppossed and unhappy with the regime.Assassinations will be prevalent due to internal power struggles
Socialists went door to door, with teams of secret Soviet police, in the Ukraine stealing all and any foods. Every apple ,every grain of rice. If anyone was caught out in a field picking a single grain o wheat to eat, they would be executed. Socialists will use food as a .weapon
From 1932-33 the Socialists under Joseph Stalin intentionally starved 60+ million Ukrainians to death. The bolsheviks seized all of their food and farming land. Survivors were shipped off to remote work camps and worked to death. The N.Y. Times hid this atrocity from the world.
"Idealistic democrats seeking to liberate Spain from tyranny" This is how the Socialists in Spain portrayed their murder of millions of the Spanish middle class and Christian community. Americans are seeing old communist tactics being reused today. Wake up America!
Prior to WW1 &amp; WW2 organized jewry used its money, influence,  power and media to demonize and spread false propaganda against the Germans and Russians. This is what they used to justify the 70 million Russians killed by the jewish bolsheviks. Germany fought, but lost 30 million
@BestInFlightLDJ @JeffreyRaywood I dont think thats correct. The Supreme court case was decided with the executive branch defending the standing order. If Trump issues a new order, then it would require a new ruling to nullify it. The 14th was for freed slaves specifically (subject to the jurisdiction thereof.)
The corporate media is domestic enemy propaganda. The monopoly of the media by a small group of criminals must be broken up into a hindred pieces.
Its crazy that our multi trillion dollar military does not even protect our own country. Itd be great to see them defend our own national borders for once. Which was the whole pretext for building an army in the first place .
@ShadilayFour @VictorMace3 Im grateful for the candle light marchers protesting the replacement of whites in our own homeland
Reparations? Blacks have taken and been given far more then they ever suffered.The black population should be praising whites for paying their way since the day that they were made free citizens. Eventually the facts will make it past the fake news and into the minds of Americans https://t.co/Wwa7QnNujv
@realitycalls8 @VictorMace3 As long as America allows itself to be held hostage by the zionists in this country we'll be in the midlleeast or wherever israel demands we go to fullfill their sociopolitical objectives such as " Greater Istael"
@LindseyGrahamSC @MikeDeWine @seanhannity Birth Right Citizenship was instituted via Executive Order. It is not in the 14th Amendment. Thus the President can and should end it. To think that Senators and representatives dont even know how to read our Constitution. No wonder most acts of Congress violate our Constitution
@dbongino Just another one with a d**k in the a*s syndrome.
@RyanAFournier Will he also honor those black Confederate troops, that were killed in Union prisons.?
@AnnCoulter Tar and feathers will look good on traitot Paul Ryan.
The President can not amend the Constitution with an executive order. However, the 14th Amendment does not grant birthright citizenship to illegal aliens. Birth Right citizenship was a policy put in place by a presidential executive order.  Theus it can be rescinded the same way.
If it were up to democrats, America would look and smell like San Fran Sisco.
@MikayesFiona It may not be p.c. to the socialists, but more people then you think are ready to divorce ourselves entirely fromn the radical left. Eradicating these domestic enemies is essential to Anericas survival. Weve dropped atomic bombs on our foreign enemie, but neglect the homeland
@Hellrazor1984 @HarmlessYardDog @ssholes We are the biggest threat to the tyranny that theyre trying to build up. Most blacks want big govt. to take care of them.
@RudyGiuliani Yet Floridians arppear to be so ignorant that this criminal is in the running.
@TimC502 @EricXWest An armed society is a more polite society. George Washington. Intelligent people understand that less armed citizens is the problem ,not the other way around as portrayed by the left. A nation of sheep, will attractvthe wolves. Bad guys can only be stopped by armed citizens.
America does not have to allow our nation to be used and abused anymore by foreigners
@YiannopoulosAlt @getongab @realDonaldTrump They already have been persecuting real christianity. Many pastors dont teach the gospel anymore. They follow the Olsteens and do positive visualization, or the  chuck Hagees that are converting christians into psuedo jews and jewish idol worshippers.
@getongab We live in a time when the words of Jesus Christ are declared hate speech. Usually by the same people that worship the talmud, which is more hateful and violent then the Satanic Bible.
A nation of sheep, will always attract ravenous wolves.		Remember this when considering what to do about the hoarde of illegal aliens invading the Southern border.
@steph93065 These are the bought rhinos that want to hopefully cause the GOP to lose the Majority. Guys like Paul Ryan arent really republicans. Theyre global elites. I hope to see the traitors in this country pay.
@seanhannity She is a deceptive women. I wouldnt trust her with my credit card, let alone to defend my liberty. Dont vote for this witch.
@CrispyCreamMan Look at what evil tribe bought Disney. They couldnt allow there to be an outlet that they dont own and control.
Absolutely awesome. Best clip all week. https://t.co/4hSGbPyJxr
@DrDavidDuke The talmudicbjews have revealed themselves to be the enemies of all humanity and nature.
@FraterRogerus The jews are dropping their masks. Theyve got no problem with Jewish nationalism and jewish supremacy of the " chosen ones", and its already violent history.
@ramzpaul Paul Watson is just another subjugated cuck, that no one listens to.
@1776Stonewall Violent threats from the top of the democrat party ,down to the thugs that have been attacking patriotic Americans
The libertarian candidate in this year's Senate debate in Indiana was far more impressive than either Democrat or Republican
The govt has NO Authority under the Constitution to prevent or control adult Americans from choosing what they need to consume for medicinal purposes.
Big pharma is making potentially dangerous so called non addictive pain killers. They dont care if people suffer from pain. They only want to get the govt. to give big pharma a monopoly over what doctors can prescribe for pain. A man in pain will do anything for relief.
@RagingGayCons @JoanneSzafrani1 I remember all the polls in 2016 by the same pollsters claiming Trump had an 87% chance of losing and had him down in all of the polls. They said the House and Senate would surely follow. Its called predictive programming and thats their intended purpose. Not to inform the public
@dbongino See how the democrats have turned you into them. Trying to score points by trying to find something petty to yell "your being racist".. im sick of hearing about white people being called racist day in and out. Grow up people please just grow up.
@gaye_gallops @JoanneSzafrani1 Seth Rich has had his assassination hidden becasuse he is the DNC insider that leaked the Clinton Podesta emails to wikileaks because ofthe DNC cheating against Bernie Sanders. Robbers dont tend to shoot people in the back and leave all of the money and valuables untouched.
@gaye_gallops @JoanneSzafrani1 Zombie journalism wont die.
@TOOEdit The 14th Amendment was solely written for the freed slaves.
@1776Stonewall It would be likely they are involved with the same groupnof degenerates.
With the overwhelming amount of illegal and legal immigration from Central America creates an interest and necessity, under the Monroe Doctrine,for America to declare all of Central America to be official protectorates of the U.S.A.
@IWiIIRedPillYou @RevengeKween Youre correct and looking forward to the new free white sactuary homeland.
@RevengeKween Lets not forget that only 1/3 of the American population supported the Revolutionary War and only 3% fought. Yet after they win everyone claimed to be a patriot. Nothing new under the sun. This is the real reason theyre allowing illegals to invade in mass. They are future enemies
@justinamash Further, if a President does indeed determine that a law is unconstitutional, He absolutely must issue a memorandom or public declaration explaining the exact reasoning that he has used to come to this conclusion, and specifically how the law or act violates the Constitution.
@justinamash The President can not Amend the Constitution with an executive order. The President has the authority to determine that a law is unconstitutional and issue an E.O ordering those in the executive branch to cease in enforceing the law or modify  with how the law is enforced.
@marlowe51413159 Ill call em tired and weary.  Lol
@Antchan8 @V_of_Europe That would be racist to want to preserve the blue eyes and blonde hair of the swedes.
@wayno101010 @DerrimanJames @V_of_Europe You call them femi nazi but its been primarily jewess that have promoted and funded the new wave of hateful antimale feminism of contemporary society. Which isnt tolerated anongst orthodox jews.
@DerrimanJames @V_of_Europe I oppose feminism and see it as an imbalanced philosophy. Women can be free without having to hate men or use the state to oppress males. Very unwise for women to put themselves into a state of competition against men. The dynamic of human relationships are in serious jeopardy
@V_of_Europe Why is it that the thtee major nations run by women are the top three rape capitals of Europe. Germany, Sweden ,and the U.K. are fast becoming shitholes that no one wants to visit.
@DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump Im so sick of hearing ..What if we did that to them? We all know that theyre hypocrites without intergrity. The truth and their morality is relative.  Its time to go on the offense. Way too much effort and energy defending our words and actions. Stop giving them too much respect.
Americas experiment with multiculturalism will result in disastrous consequences. In the same way that thousands of japanese immigrants who were actually spies and conducted the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor that killed thousands of Americans and destroyed our navy's Pacific Fleet
@Trooamerican10 @TraditionalEur1 Margeret Thatcher probably does look pretty good compared to the tragedy brought upon the Brits by Theresa may? However the P.M.  in Britain is but a pawn for the Monarchy and the Crown.
@Trooamerican10 @TraditionalEur1 Hitler protected his people very well. Before he was elected Germans were starving in the streets from the great depression. He conducted the greatest economic recovery ever in world history and brought the Germans up to having the highest standard of living in the world.
@kenkircher1 @erasmus_wikus @BentTailXEyes @GunOwners Americans think that tyranny is new in America.Every since the Act of 1871 the U.S.A. has had a new Constitution. A fascist corporate oligarchy, merely posing as a legit govt. Thomas Jefferson warned us that central banks were more dangerous to life &amp; liberty then standing armies
@kenkircher1 @erasmus_wikus @BentTailXEyes @GunOwners The 14th Amendment created a new defacto govt. This is why President Johnson refused to sign the 14th A. However at that time the federal govt. Had destroyed the ability of the People and States to resist. Slavery did not end. It was modified and expanded by a new form of slavery
@kenkircher1 @erasmus_wikus @BentTailXEyes @GunOwners The Constitution.can not be amended by executive order. For any Amendment to be repealed requires for the ratification process to be followed. The14th Amendment was refused signing by President Johnson. It was also never properly ratified as neither was the 16th Amendment.
@marlowe51413159 I apologize for any typos or other grammatical errors in the future. My eyes arent what they used to be .
@1776Stonewall Sanctuary States like California allowed and encouraged illegals to cote. There is no way that the 16 states that Clinton won. In which 6 states are the smallest least populated  states in the nation. Comoare that to the 33+ states won by Trump.
Divorcing ourselves from the left entirely ,as a nation ,will inprove the quality of life here in America drastically. Do you want your children to grow up in a country where theyre attacked if they dont act and think like socialists? https://t.co/H5bak7zOLl
Neoliberals like to redefine language and words, as part of their political strategy to confuse and mislead the public. They continue to use loose undefined and or improper terms. Conservatives honor the English language by using precise language,  as it is properly defned.
@MarcyWin4D @JacobAWohl Thats why theyve pushed moral relativism in public education and universities. They dont believe in right and wrong or truth.
@JacobAWohl The only jews that had property and money expropriated were criminals convicted of war profiteering, fraud, terrorism, and other crimes. Thousands of jews served in the nazi army. Hitlers trusted  driver was jewish. The truth is far different then the hollywood movies and t.v.
@TraditionalEur1 She governed with emotions and abandoned all reason just like every European govt. Led by women.
@CaseyJones1904 @adamjsims @peter_o_thule @AupolNews They wouldve already taken all of the wealth and property from whites if they couldve just disarmed them.
@xaviferd @getongab @smartbrain Obviously your too ignorant o comprhend the principles of free speech. Maybe if you actually had the discipline to read a book or two, youd know and appreciate the history of free speech in the West.
@getongab Jew= terrorist death threats.
@westland_will Yet they still do
@TOOEdit War might be a blessing in disguise. Weve got to eradicate the domestic enemies on our soil sooner then later. Or theyll continue until they destroy America.
Just imagine what the future holds for your grandchildren? White people have got to decide if theyre going to allow non whites to over run their homelands and nations and make their descendants second class citizens or worse. https://t.co/7g2lMOlVUD
" until we get control over the House and or Senate, were going to condone the uncivility of our supportesr- Hillary Clinton"
CNN=COUNTERFEIT NEWS NETWORK
@NevadaJack2 @SpacemanCalvin Their only audience is as crazy as they are.
@JMcfeels He is an wicked traitor. Tar and feathers for christmas
@dldeal18101 @JoyAnnReid Hate? You obvipusly have never suffered real hate. Im glad for you. It must be nice living up NORTH where you dont have to deal with the consequences down on the border. You neoliberals need to put ur mobey where your mouths are and sponser an immigrant into your own home.
@JMcfeels Good . It means that theyre scared to death of the truth going mainstream.
@dldeal18101 @JoyAnnReid Your prejudicial assertions are always wrong . Because of who you allow to think for you. Im not surprised your tired of being exposed to reason and logic whenever you live under a cloud of illusion. P.s. Im not even on Gab
@dldeal18101 @JoyAnnReid The hoarde of invaders refused asylum in Mexico because they want to plunder the rich white Americans. Thats an invadion alright.
@dldeal18101 @JoyAnnReid You dont know if they have any guns or weapons. Theyve already injured many police officers in Mexico and some of the hoarde have killed each other. Also theyve been burning our flag while proudly flying the flag of where theyre supposedly having to seek asylum from.
@SumatraSue @johnpavlovitz @DeplorableChoir @cjdtwit @RL9631 @Lady_Vi_2U @ScottPresler @RealCandaceO @LadyLibertyInEx @DeplorableJuJuV @Solmemes1 @charliekirk11 Not sure what you mean. Germans were dying in the street from starvation because of a great deppression. Communists were fomenting revolutions in Berlin prior to the election of the National Socialists. Hitlers govt. produced the greatest and fastest economic recovery in history.
@LiberatorOfLibs @wisdom1953 @TheNoahRing Liberals censor because they despise free speech. It bursts their illusions in life.
@dldeal18101 @JoyAnnReid Pearl Harbor was a sneak attack. Conducted by thousands of Japanese immigrant spies on Hawaii and the pacific northwest. Whether you like it or not. Any time a large group of people attempt to or suceed in defeating a nations borders and enter illegally. That is an invasion !
Who else is looking forward to seeing the democrats crying after they lose bigtime in the mid terms.?
@1776Stonewall She is so ugly. If she werent jewish she wouldve never made it in hollywood.
@ramzpaul What about prosecuting christians (in israel)for sharing the gospel of jesus christ.? Who needs enemies whenever youve got jewish alkies?
Id actually appreciate seeing our military, the most costly military in history, actually defend our own national Sovereignty and borders for once.
@dldeal18101 @JoyAnnReid No one is claiming an end to America. You need to learn how to debate properly. Your all over the place. Most Americans, including the President ,want our govt. To do its duty. If it were up to you- ten million or more invaders will soon be on our border if this group is able to.
@SumatraSue @johnpavlovitz @DeplorableChoir @cjdtwit @RL9631 @Lady_Vi_2U @ScottPresler @RealCandaceO @LadyLibertyInEx @DeplorableJuJuV @Solmemes1 @charliekirk11 Just to be accirate for those that care. German national socialism was not founded on marxism and was considered an oppossing philosophy. National Socialism stands on itsvown as a distinct sociopolitical philosophy. It did not prohibit property rights or restrict capitalism.
@TraditionalEur1 Because christians have become weaklings compared to muslim intimidation.
@dldeal18101 @JoyAnnReid You need to comprhend that a Sovereign nation has an obligation to its citizens to protect the nations borders.
@Nature_and_Race "The best defense, is a good offense."  Bruce. Lee
@1776Stonewall We know what happens. Tyranny like in the U.K.
@RevengeKween I commend your bravety and support you and the caucasian racial renaissance
@RachelB70957818 @FoxNews Let chicago go. Its not worth saving
@FoxNews This is what gun restrictions do. They allow for criminals to have guns but law abiding citizens can not. So death and violence are the sum of this imbalance of freedom.
Its insane to have Hollywood actors that live in gated communities with armed security, making claims that we need to let all foreign invaders into the U.S. These hollywood elites wont even let hard working Americans come into the same restuarants,clubs, and bars they they go to.
@dldeal18101 @JoyAnnReid Tje media reports 80% men mostly of military age. Regardless the issue is upholding Ametican Sovereignty.  Something only patriots are concerned about. When you leave you own doors open for any and all homeless in need in your own county or city. Then youll have some credit.
@greeneyedbecky @Nature_and_Race Whites have absolutely no more reason to feel guilty then any other race. In fact the white race has brought more innovation andvprosperity then any otjer group of people. We ought to cherish our white populations they give us everything. Everyone wants to live in a white nation.
@DelegateIhle Meanwhile back to  dismembering and ripping babies from the womb of scared girls. And selling baby body parts on the market as bio waste.
The middle class has been destroyed by the 30 + million illegal aliens already in the U.S.that are suppressing wages and adding to the debt.
@twit6615 @JoyAnnReid That wouldnt be consistent with your Trump derangement syndrome. If Trump is the big bad white nationalist why would he order the army to attack those evil People protecting their homeland.Sorry I was thought that you may know how to think critically, I forgot about your disorder
@dldeal18101 @JoyAnnReid International law does NOT supercede Constitutional law. Which is the Supreme law of the land. All legitimate claims of asylum are going to be honored. The hoarde is not going to just over run our border as many irresponsible and unpatriotic neoliberals would like.
@hailin_blue @JoyAnnReid Stated like a bonafide domestic enemy of the Constitution.
@zoocoo01 @JoyAnnReid Of course not. Neoliberals are only generous with other peoples property. Socialists dont respect the property rights of capitalists. Theyre basically organized thieves. They dont have a real political agenda other then theft and power. They fear debate and instead attack others.
@JoyAnnReid Again its not a home invasion. Its just a desperate family looking for shelter so that theyre not homeless anymore. Neoliberals should have to sponser the illegal aliens already in the U.S being responsible for them legally and financially for 7 yrs. Registered  Democrats will do
@Olkoth_Awoken Under international law refugees seeking asylum mist accept the first offer from the closest nation. Therefore the invading hoarde has no pretense to vclaim asylum in the U S. And the U S. No obligation to even hear their plea
RT @4YrsToday: Donald Trump just said CNN was the true enemy of the people...		Is CNN the true enemy of the people?
I needed to see this statement! https://t.co/VqJgqSPKQe
Megyn Kelly's firing , is an example of the media treating black people like they're children. As well as giving them special rights and status over whites. Those blacks and whites who are truly that hyper sensative  really are just intellectually impaired.
@MarkACollett Hes another pseudo intellectual . He is one that never critiques jewish power nor will he even address jewish organized crime.
@StefanMolyneux Thats why boys vote left and grown men tend to be right.
@ramzpaul The ADL must be eradicated from American soil. This organization have used defamation as a weapon against many great American patriots. While they give cover and aid to leftwing terrorists and communists.
RT @jagxteller: @ChatByCC https://t.co/zj20rqPiGQ
@ChatByCC Ubfortunately because your good people and followedcall of the laws, you are now on a list to be assassinated bu the democratic socialist army Every time you fill out any form ,that data is going to be used against you. You will be forced to surrender every gun you purchased
@TheElusiveFox64 Revealing jewish organized crime isnt antisemitic at all. The jews and their mind slaves such as the E-van- jew -icals, actually refuse to admit that they can do any wrong.
@TruckerBobS @dbongino Jewish power. Never ever lets a crisis go to waste  theyll always use them to promote their sociopolitical goals .
@GregFranks17 @dbongino Freedom with other peoples property.
@VictorVeritaus @hick_kevin @dbongino Parties have died out before in America. Remember the Federalist Party? The Anti Masonic Party?
@hick_kevin @dbongino The universities are full of socialists led and organized by the talmudic elite.
@Myonlinealias1 @dbongino The qualification that free speech must be true is an unreasonable qualificatiin to place on free speech. Satire alone is good readon against the latter. Defamation is usibg speech to cause injury to a person and thetfore is punishable. Slander and lible should also be punished
@dbongino Enemies of the Bill of Rights must be treated as the domestic enemies that they really are. We need to decide how to etadicate them from U.S. soil permenantly. I dont think we should expirt them to aby other nation. They are our problem to deal with here and now.
@RevengeKween Especially considering the unique social adhesion and religious customs ofvthe talmudist. They actually do operate as one group for the mostvpart. Western society has too much individualism and need more ethnic solidarity or else well certainly pay a high price for submitting
@McLennon63 @AR_Maximum Peop le really need to know that the talmud teaches jews that they can lie, steal, and cheat all and any non jew or gentile The talmud is the most wicked text ever written. Not even the satanic bible is as wicked. Even though both were authored by jews.
@AR_Maximum @VictorMace3 The jewish nation of israel sure did make themselves at home in Palestine. A perfect example of refigeed taking over the whole country, after being welcomed as refigees. Be careful inviting people into your own home.
@iPressPROJECT @cr14carlson He said he was going to bring "thpse impudent Americans back to colonial status" if we refused to the charter for a new central bank. President Thomas Jefferson refused. Rothschild declared war ,using British troops to wage the war of 1812. U.S.troops are the Rothschild thugs now
A well armed society, is a more sercure society.
@FraterRogerus @lesserjoke Gentile is also a slur. Its used in the talmud  to refer to non humans. Those to be killed. Less then insects.
@kilmeade @dbongino @foxandfriends The govt is meaningless
@TheElusiveFox64 He was correct about being an ignorant foreigner. We can look at Europe and the U.K. and China and see what happens when tje people arent armed. Piers lives in a gated community with private armed security.
@realDonaldTrump Trump refers to the fake media as the enemy of the Republic but they are just a tentacle of the domestic enemies we have in our country. Democrat socialists radicals and other more powerful jave global aspirations that require tje destruction of America as we know it .
I'd like to know how many patriots have become demoralized? And why, or why not?
Before you attempt to pull the tiny splinter out of your neighbor's eye, pull the large branch out of your own.
@TAFKAOXFATIMAX0 On the payroll for what? He has proven through his life to be a good and thoughtful man. I dont see him living in luxury accumulating wralth .thats just falae.
Its insincere when democrats claim that abortion is about the freedom of choice. Those same democrats have passed laws that imprison adults for CHOOSING to consume medical marijuana, even if its to save their lives. Abortion is about eugenics and profiting off of baby body parts.
@88RWN H. Dean is just another traitor that will soon swing from the gallows after being tarred and feathered.
@NRA What can be expected from a hog?
The Dalai Lama understands that each and every people deserve a homeland unto themselves. https://t.co/cIwa4fv1GE
@AMErikaNGIRL07 @IrrefutableMM @netanyahu @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity Funny he is an antisemite when he says something against the jews but nothing when he attacks whites. Jews dont care about that onlybtjemselves.
@eventre75 @getongab That is the epitome of ignorance.
@getongab @anrefg Im going to join Gab now.
@knutsonmelissa1 @chuckvnaples @pacflyway @realDonaldTrump Ill pray for you Melissa.
@JMcfeels They want all white people to waste there energy and efforts of tribalism on professional sports while otherbpeople gain power over us .
@JMcfeels Paul Ryan has always been a rhino.  He lost with Romney because cobservatives refused to endorse their charade. He cant leave the House fadt enough.
@StefanMolyneux We the People are not dogs.!
@knutsonmelissa1 @chuckvnaples @pacflyway @realDonaldTrump Keep flying that foreign flag. It lets the patriots know who your allegiences and loyalties belong to. Israel committs more acts of espionage against the U.S. then all other nations combined. AIPAC has bled our treasury dry, extracting more $$ then all other nations combined!
@prwhittle Long before this it was illegal to deny the holocaust.
@nick_thyme @JohnChardRE Theyre using Trump. Playing him like a fool. In fact it's embarrassing
@knutsonmelissa1 @chuckvnaples @pacflyway @realDonaldTrump Calling everyone a nazi that disagrees with you is childish. You should learn how to respect other peoples views. And call them as they identify themselves. Im a patriot ( i dont wave a foreign flag like you do) and a conservative. Im not a national socialist.
@knutsonmelissa1 @chuckvnaples @pacflyway @realDonaldTrump You are so arrogant and foolish to presume that you know me and my veiws because of a few tweets regarding the jewish control over the African slave trade. Unfortunately your religious prejudice precludes you from logic or reason.Youve adopted the lies &amp; hate of your jewish idols
War is the natural sum of all evils. America has passed the cusp. It is only a matter of time now.
@realDonaldTrump America is not naive	The domestic enemies of our nation have corporate media as one of the weapons of attack. Usibg our 1st Amendment  regard for the press against us. America can not survive much longer with such a large population of domestic enemies on our soil.
@knutsonmelissa1 @chuckvnaples @pacflyway @realDonaldTrump Im a conservative. I despise democrats. Im a patriot, not a nazi .Your prejudicial assertions are all wrong of course. Your jewish blinders prevent you from hearing the truth. To claim that jews have not and are not doing crimes is irrational.
There sure are alot of words that Americans are being bullied into not saying. So much for the freedom of speech with neoliberals around. Theyre too emotionally immature to conduct a rational debate. They almost always have to resort to ad hominem attacks.
@FranSism1g In fact our own military would be more likely to shoot and kill American patriots who are trying to protect our border, before theyd shoot anyone in the hoarde of invaders.
@FranSism1g I think were going to see our military embarrassed in front of the whole world, as tens of thousands of aliens just push them out of their way and enter our nation anyway. Letting others know that the U.S.A. has been conquered . We all know who subverted our nation from within.
@knutsonmelissa1 @chuckvnaples @pacflyway @realDonaldTrump Im not sure why you think attempting to insult me makes your point. It actually proves that youre incapable of readoning and looking at unconfortable facts but your religious bias will prevent you from the truth. I on the other hand believe in the truth.
@chuckvnaples @pacflyway @realDonaldTrump My favorite American in history is Thomas Jefferson. Like Jefferson I pledge eternal hostility to all forms of tyrasnny.
@knutsonmelissa1 @chuckvnaples @pacflyway @realDonaldTrump The jewish population in the 1800's was around 6-8 million. There racial solidarity was and still is the foundation of their political power. As their talmud allows them to lie, steal, cheat and usury for all non jews or gentiles but not to their own fellow jews.
@knutsonmelissa1 @chuckvnaples @pacflyway @realDonaldTrump Jews are still living off the immense profits of  slavery in the West. They had a monopoly over the textile industry in Europe so needed cheap cotton to supply them. Thats why they owned 90% of the slave property in the Americas. They owned most of the cotton plantations
@chuckvnaples @pacflyway @realDonaldTrump Im not sure who is the largest slave traders of today. It is my understanding that the white sex slave trade is one of the largest criminal enterprises today. With Israel as the predominant destination of these unfortunate victims lured from Europe with false offers for work.
@kenkircher1 @erasmus_wikus @BentTailXEyes @GunOwners The gun laws in illinois havent stopped the murder rate from rising. Neoliberals are going to have to comprhend and realize that you cant get rid of guns just like you cant prohibit drugs out of existence. " a fear of firearms, is due to emotional imaturity" Sigmund Freud
@kenkircher1 @erasmus_wikus @BentTailXEyes @GunOwners States with the strictest gun control laws have the most violence and murders like Chicago, D.C., N.Y.C. , L.A., San fransisco California in general. However in pro gun states like Indiana, Kentucky , Idaho have the lowest.
@GunOwners Background checks are really just a de facto list of gun owners to be killed by the socialists domestic enemies like antifa.  Stop helping our enemies infringe upon our Rights. Permits = pernission.
If you dont know, please learn and stop allowing the media to bully you into believing lies. Remember that jews own 98% of all of the corporate media https://t.co/yV3g55D4ix
@RevengeKween Also they didnt have the advantage of historical context of what marxism will do. America has no excuse for not stopping the jew world order. If they do to our children what they do to the Russians it will be the worst social disaster in history.
@Olkoth_Awoken @JMcfeels @realDonaldTrump Jewish supremacy is far more violent and dangerous because it incudes the agenda for world domination.
If the Creator of mankind wanted only one race,  then He wouldve willed it so. Only satan and his children seek such, if not only to oppose the Creator. https://t.co/MHn9D20ZxL
This is why you see some jews oppossing the creation of the nation state of israel. They dont want to lose their monopolies and rackets in all of the other nations that they habitate. https://t.co/49Qm8JF396
@westland_will They all should be compelled to go to their own home.Dual citizenship is treasonous. Of course it was the jews that managed this.
@Nature_and_Race Affirmative action. Where white men that have done everything right. Are passed over so that black men and women who have NOT acomplished the merit to warrant them being employeed, can be employeed. A country like that isnt worth preserving. We need a new flag.
All of the conservatives pandering and groveling in the past couple of days have really made me think twice about voting republican in the mid terms. I may just stay home.
@chuckvnaples @pacflyway @realDonaldTrump What in the world qualifies jews for being a persecuted people more then any other people. FACT the jews owned the Eat India co., thus they dominated both the African slave trade and the slave trade in the Anericas. The largest slave auction house was jewish and in Rhode island
@Jen0WhiteWave @Outsider__14 Why not just give up then. Its obvious that there are not enough comnitted patriots anymore.
I f neoliberals continue to enact violence and foment insurrection against Anericans, theyll soon have to seek asylum for themselves in foreign lands, because theyll not be welcome here in the U.S. anymore.
@prowdchetty @W_McPrivilege Wonder why the Founding Fathers prohibited catholics, jews, and muslims from immigrating into America?
@W_McPrivilege Waging war through deception " is the actial motto of the jewish mossad. These people are professional liars and deceivers. With all of their assests in technology they can make believe on a grand scale. Hollywood is a mossad industry.
Wer need to treat democrats like its 1862 aszgain. https://t.co/YcEfRaqEnF
@av8tors32 @LouDobbs He was a democrat . The mass shooter was a Trump hater like you.
@nostatevisit @ebernier4 @LouDobbs Then perhaps the left can be P.C. towards white men and republicans.
@LouDobbs Way before shariah. Jews have been funding every anti free speech effort across Europe. Putting old ladys in jail forvtelling different accounts about ww2. Its still not illegal to criticize a muslim but it is if u do a jew.
The absurd claims by the democrats and fake media that somehow President Trump is responsible for someone elses actions, is implying to every deranged person out there that they w ont be responsible if the committ a heinous crime. They can simply blame it on the President.
@jeepsuzih2 @darhar981 @BreitbartNews Rejecting aid in Mexico nullifies the U.S.obligation to provide asylum.
@ChuckWagonMault We have not forgotten the U.S.S.Liberty and the patriots murdered intentionally by israel.
@Jenniferhoffman @V_of_Europe While Islam is fighting for global dominion, youd have to be in denial not to know that the talmudists are way ahead of them. Rothschilds have been pushing for global govt. For over a century and intend to make Israel the capital state.
Not all of us Americans are little soy goys. https://t.co/K1CfAXRlyV
@V_of_Europe Let them perish. Or just get hungry and go home.
@blitzntj1976 Not afraid to go where no man has dared to go before.
@ramzpaul There were so many Russians that while starving in the gulags wished that they used their firearms against the socialists while they still had the chance. But tyranny operates by using slow and steady encroachment, until its too late.
@ramzpaul The jews were the Bolshevik revolution . Same power behind every well funded and organized attack on America and European culture and heritage
@DineshDSouza Lincoln was a tyrant. He admired Karl Marx
This is why democrats that dismiss patriotic concerns about Shariah infecting the U.S.,  are ignorant. https://t.co/qpURK3rjCc
Makes the one that came before her, look a like a man https://t.co/HDLlcdxjDf
All open border democrats are traitors and domestic enemies of the Constitution.
How would Oswald know to get a job at the book suppository just 2 wks. prior to JFK assassination? Especially when the Secret Service changed the convoy route that same day in Dallas? Then Oswald was allowed to be shot while ten cops surround him? So he couldnt talk. "Im a patsy"
@lonestarmase34 @NeilHUSA @ikebarinholtz Trump hasnt been in office long enough to collect sufficient data. Violence against christians is also up?
@Bearwalker58 @Nature_and_Race @ThisIsWhyTrump Correct Hitler promoted citizen firearm ownership and lifted restrictions.  Jews, were eventually banned from owning guns after German officers were being killed by jewish bolshevik terrorists. And after the Jewish international Congress publically declared war against Germany.
@Nature_and_Race Look at how many whites thst have voluntarily disarmed out of fear? Disarming us is just the first step in taking our property and lives. South Africa is exactly what America will look like if whites continue to be subjugated by the talmudists.
@TOOEdit Criticizing illegal immigration is anti semitic accordibg to that logic. If oppossing the violent actions of jews is anti semetic.
@FranSism1g The guy is a professional liar. We dont even know his real name. Perfect puppet for the deep state. He had to do as they wished or be exposed by just obe or two leaks.
@Nature_and_Race The repeal of all of the infringing acts of Congress,  such as the Federal Firearms Act ofv38'. Regarding the 2nd Amendment, is the only reform i support.
@Jamierodr10 @ROHLL5 @RonDeSantisFL We need to see more citizens making arrests. Especially when youve recorded the crime on camera. Americans are suppossed to act, but have become so used to having the govt. do everything for them. Thats why the peoples power &amp; rights shrink while govt grows bigger and bigger.
@Jamierodr10 @ROHLL5 @RonDeSantisFL Uncivilized
@TraditionalEur1 How far will ju go?
Seriously, run away.!!! https://t.co/aUxteMUOJB
@RevengeKween " The best defense, is good offense."  Bruce Lee
@azardsphere @shakln @Dracones24601 @freedarko @benshapiro Some jews had property expropriated or ceased because of having had committed war profiteering, terrorism, and fraud. Rothschild the worlds weathiest family was a primary target in that effort. The largest mafia in the world during the 20th century and today is the jewish mafia.
@freedarko That is like saying hating Trump is shorthand saying that you hate christians?
@Fritz61 @JMcfeels Obviously youve not read the talmud? They make it abundantly clear that gentiles are not human and therfore have no rights. Gentiles are either here to serve jews or be killed. Youll know exactly who is behind globalism adter reading it.
@JMcfeels Jesus Christ  said that there was no truth in them and that they would continue to be liars as their father the devil. Rev.2:9 Israel promotes staunch, prideful and robust nationalism for jews in Israel while using their immense power to destroy Western nations via demographics.
I'll gladly tolerate the excesses of freedom in a capitalist country, rather than suffer the shortages, lacking ,and prohibition of socialist societies.
The very premise that Marxism is built upon is false. All of society's problems are not rpoted in, or caused by class differences.
@TOOEdit @TOOAJoyce Thats one way of saying  that if you can overlook the wicked behavior of the jews, and submit to their sociopolitical power, then you to can succeed in their society.
Can anyone confirm this. If this is correct then it is consistent halmark of previous false flags. https://t.co/SN0Ppt71iZ
@talpiottalk Is this legit? What do you think about this?
@richardpolitik @PKsbpdl Who do you think the witches have always been? Hint Kabbalah
@Black_Sun_Risen @PKsbpdl Its oil money combined with a lack of national fidelity
@ramzpaul Its medical malpractise on a grand scale.
@krassenstein The difference is that there is no mass of republicans walking away. Yet over 100,000 democrats have publiclly walked away. I know several that have also and without joining any movement.i hope dems take losing in 2018 better then2016. It was embarrssing watching you guys cry
@WesternIdentity @Outlander158 Raising your children on Harry Potter and Twilight is one cause. The evil tribe that owns Hollywood and music ind. also are witches and wish to promote the same. Im not so sure that we didnt really have a problem with witches in the past and a need to eradicate them from society.
Evangelicals are so ignorant that they fall over themselves worshipping the false idol of the state of Israel. When christian evangelism is illegal and not welcome or tolerated in Israel.
@TOOAJoyce @Outsider__14 I love your sentiment.
Looking forward to celebrating Republicans winning the House and Senate again.
@carmatta @WhiteHouse #walkaway is an actual movement for rehabilitated neoliberals that realized theyd been programmed to be hateful anti patriots by CNN and the demon crats. Dont continue to be a loser. Join the majority of American Patriots. Protect our borders
@VeryDeplorable @jesterfebruary @ChrisMurphyCT You cant reason with hate and ignorance. Let the traitors sucumb to their own fate for being traitors to the Constitution.
@ChrisMurphyCT No wonder neoliberals cant win elections you people are so full of hatred of American patriots. No wonder you want open borders to replace us. Instead I predict that youll find yourselves in FEMA camps for being traitors to the Constitution.
There is no left and rightwing anymore. There are patriots and socialists.The reality is that we can either find a way to divorce from one another peacefully or we can go to war. Staying together isnt an option.The potential of going forward together is coming to a quick close.
@Thoughtfulsquas @dgjgsportsfan @Krikalitika @Blythe_Gryphon @HoarseWisperer @IvankaTrump Your hatred for white supremacists is still just pure hatred. They are people to and should be judged by their actions . Do you hate black supremists or jewish supremists also? or have you even used your brain enough to realize that every race has supremists.
@IvankaTrump Ivanka Trump is anti Christ. She rejected Jesus and the gospels. She rejects Christ's sacrifice and all that he stands for. Refer to Revelations 2:9
@carmatta @WhiteHouse Your hatred for the President and the 65 million Americans that voted for him ( and growing) only causes you to suffer. )
Its not possible to eradicate guns in America. They can outlaw them but people will just make them. Look at Heroin.
@joshfoxfilm I agree. Nothing like a bunch of vulnerable sheep to sheer. Who needs guns anyway when youve got a double edged sword thats razor sharp. Or a war hammer that can crack a skull like a rotten pumpkin. They prefer knives,acid and cars in the U.K... women will be defensless
@_erwache @adamjsims They are insincere. Everything they do is for themselves. Backstabbers,and poisoners.
@BreitbartNews @fifi_j In order to be black and conservative. You have to wear pants that fit and you have to speak english..lol
@carmatta @WhiteHouse Youre too stupid to comprhend the differnce?
Whenever jews terrorize the jewish media covers it up. https://t.co/BPnW0ROpcz
@W_McPrivilege The jews are the chosen people. Chosen by  Satan. Therefore they demand special treatment. Dont you dare complain or else youll be declared a "nazi"
If white supremacy were real, there wouldnt be an epidemic of black and brown men raping women and children en masse in Europe and America. Our Founding Fathers wouldve killed as many as they could while the rest run for their lives. White men are under a spell. But not for long.
Neoliberals tell rape victims and young women to urinate on themselves for self defense against an attacker, but dont carry or use a gun to save your self. They also want open borders ,so more rapists can occur like in Sweden and Germany.
@TOOAJoyce You never hear the media demand that jews denounce the talmud. Which condones murdering non jews and sex with children. Hatred for christ and christians. The claim that jews can lie, cheat, and steal from gentiles because we have no rights because gentiles are" less then insects"
@TOOAJoyce You are 100% correct. You cant appease your enemies. For far too long have patriots respectfully tried to reason and share our principles but we're not given the same respect. Its because the left has actually declared war and are not interested in debate. Its time to shine!
White supremacy is so bad in America that there are tens of thousands of non white foreigners marching thousands of miles, along a continent, through multiple non white countries, Theyre desperate to get to live under the wing and protection of a predoninantly white nation.
@JussMeSmith @DonaldJTrumpJr He was wrong. Antifa was illegally assembled and was there solely to prevent others from exercising their free speech. There wouldve been no incidents had they not been there to foment conflict and terrorize the protestors. The hate from the left is so obvious to independents.
@DonaldJTrumpJr America does NOT stand with israel. Conservatives are tired of being bled dry by AIPAC. The fpreign wars for israel. As well as israel committs more acts of espionage against the U.S. then all other nations combined. Bias for israel is unpatriotic. Remember the U.S.S Liberty
I would love to hear why the jewess Ivanka Trump  has rejected Jesus Christ..After hearing the gospel. As a jew she worships the Talmud that claims Jesus is a heretic, thats boiling in excrement in hell? And that he is the son of the whore Mary and a Roman soldier named pantera?.
@archangel2 @1776Stonewall I thought being jewish was a race? Lol of course judaism is a religion but it doesnt stop jews from seeking special status, even though their mostly eastern european converts. Ill admit that centuries of inbreeding does give them specific racial characteristics like taysachs.
@1776Stonewall Kind of strange that you have the portrait of Confederate hero Jackson on your profile. I dont thonk he wouldve oppossed the KKK. Do you even know what whites went thru after slaves were freed and whites were disarmed,disenfranchised, and vulnerable. The klan defended them
@1776Stonewall The fact is that the federal reserve monopoly over our entire monetary system is actually a privately owned cabal of elite jews like Rothschilds. Goldman and Sachs. Lazards. Warburg.  This allows them to monopolize the media and anyone else that can be bought or coerced.
Once the National Guard was " federalized" it is no longer the " organized militia" but is now an official component of the U.S. Armed Forces. Under the law, ALL able bodied males 18 and over are considered to be the "unorganized" militia by default.
The militia, not the military, has the full Authority Under the Constitution to suppress insurrections and enforce the domestic laws of the nation. However,  Congress all but destroyed the volunteer militia system by bribing young men with money, if they joined the guard instead.
@DenSow57 @ChatByCC Its not an option ..all able bodied males must arm themselves. If this were so there'd be far less violence and crime.
@ChatByCC Its days like this , that make me reconsider my support for President Trump. I was hoping that the days of reactionary politics was over. His bias and favor for the jews is  an affront to the 1st Amendment. No group should have special privileges.
@RealMattCouch So much for equal protection under the law. This is how our corrupt politicians evade justice. A two tier system . The Constitution does not provide for special group status. Especially consideringvthey forbid jews from immigrating.
@PrisonPlanet @tammy_maga No its not a terrorist attack. . There was no political demands .Every violent crime is called a terrorist attack by foolish uneducated masses that should comprehend that violence is going to occur and politics is not always the motivation
@FoxNews Public shouldnt be providing police. Thats a job for private security. Oh but its the jews so theyll get special rights and treatment. I like Trump but despise his bias for the jews. It offends the 1st Amendment. Its going to make us alot of enemies over the long haul.
Already jews are using this situation to gain political power and further their selfish interests. No people are more hateful then talmudic jews. At least 8 killed at Pittsburgh synagogue shooting https://t.co/uigeK7MBVw via @usatoday
@goodboysallows Whats a B.OOMER. was ot a false flag .?
@DarkestHour991 @SnowAdvocate If these type of tactics are able to sway the People then elections are irrelevent because civil war will begin.
@polishprincessh @squiggs0802 Ill never consider him the 44th president. Because he is not a natural born American. I hope to see him swing for treason one day soon.
@Millie__Weaver @squiggs0802 Democrats are trash
@the_jbake @DirkZ1 @THA_HATER33 @Millie__Weaver Stick to sports. Political science is over your head. Do you know the Bill of Rights by heart? I didnt think so. Dont bother responding until you take some of the time you spend on the stats of your favorite teams and players. And learn the Bill of Rights.
I had a feeling  he was a poser when i noticed that the stickers on his van had all been placed all at one time. Unlike a natural collage of stickers that he'd collected over the campaign. This was all optics. Just another liberal plot like Blasey Ford. https://t.co/GxOdE4HU08
@Millie__Weaver @squiggs0802 Those that said yes are the epitome of  fools. They can NOT think for themselves and are easily moved by their fleeting emotional minds. I guess about 15% of the public are emotionally retarded and scared of their own shadows.
@blaircottrell89 Its an outrage that Australia has given special status to muslims. Your govt ought to be destroyed along with the whole british monarchy that has sold out to the oil rich arabs.
@TOOAJoyce Im not surprised that people will start to take up arms to defend the country if others want to just complain.
@marlowe51413159 Ive had to fire one emergency room doctor that was from Africa. I instructed the Hospitol director that he is not to be involved in my treatment in any manner. Thats why we must always fight to keep our healthcare private. If im paying im saying who my doc is. Not under obamacare
@secupp You're doing your job. Most conservatives ard disgusted by your insincere and disingenuous attacks on our 45 President and by extension the majority of Americans. He was correct to have declared the corporate propagandists that pose as journalists to be enemies of the People
@LaganoNl @V_of_Europe @TheMadCarew Weve got plenty of bullets. If our govt. Does not or will not secure our borders we will disolve the whole govt. Weve also got the Right to form organized militias to enforce the laws and defend pur borders. Americans are through flirting with socialism.. Well eradicate them all.
@PaulDella2 @V_of_Europe There is no hope to sue. This is a war. One people are still too naive to see this.
@2sensibility2 @V_of_Europe When youre own spirit can suffer injustice no further then youll be prepared to do what it takes to preserve what you love. Otherwise very evil beings are going to destroy your whole nation .good luck
@Truecubbyblue15 @V_of_Europe Until they find the strength to expel the jews from the body politic. Otherwise Europe is dead.
@abraham_kurian1 @V_of_Europe The German People are ultimately responsible for their govt. Germany is still under control of the jews and their not gonna stop intil Germany is destroyed.
@CJB424 @o_ema My logic is based upon demographic statistics from 1915 to 2015. The two world wars alone killed 150 million Europeans not counting American ,Canadian, or Australians. Its also a fact that whites are not replacing their populations, let alone increasing our numbers.
@Alatriste___ @PKsbpdl Ill concede that blacks are faster runners. However whites win more gold medals in olympic sports .
Thank goodness for American consumerism. It ensures that Americans always have access to what they need when they need it.
@greeneyedbecky @Interstate_85 I reject the hate and support a sanctuary state and homeland solely for caucasians. America was suppossed to have been this desire but recent generations failed to retain what our forefathers fought and died for.
@ADrake12345 @LanaLokteff The FBI needs to be abolished along with the whole DoJ. There is zero confidence or trust in those agencies.
@MattBench4 Id expect nothing less from that old witch . I cant wait to hear the neolibs howl and cry whenever President Trump replaces her on the court.
One way democrats have been turning some states blue is by encouraging illegal immigration into those states. This tends to cause the conservative residents  in those states to move elsewhere.
"Hemp is of the first necessity to the security and wealth of the Nation."  Thomas Jefferson
@JMcfeels I despise mitt romney and refused to vote for him. Utah is stupid too elect him just because he is mormon.
@MarkoSket @sahouraxo If we allow the jews to continue as they are then the white race will perish. I think probablly 1/3 of the white race is lost to never be recovered. Yet the other 2/3 will likely follow the lead of the 3% who are willing and going to fight and make a way for a new nation to form
@Alatriste___ @PKsbpdl Not true at all. The worlds strongest men are all white. Blacks have spent alot more time and energy devoted to these specific sports because of their lack of intelluctual capabilities. Whites are more diverse in their aspirations but when committed to sports they ex cell.
@PKsbpdl White men invented these sports. Unfortunately our excessive tolerance has ruined these sports.
@seanhannity Sean is doing just as much harm to the election cycle with all of his focus and attention on this one incident in which no one was harmed. The fake news will keep people distracted as long as they can.
@LawWorksAction Ty Cobb was fired for good cause.
@artilectium @CJB424 @o_ema Im on board to create a sanctuary state for whites but the jews wont let us go without a fight. Just like a human body. Our body politic is infected with these parasites and only if our immune system fights it off, will we hope to survive.
@MarkoSket @sahouraxo My hopes is that blacks will be repatriated to Liberia in the near future. Major changes are coming soon.
The Feds wanna pat themselves on the back for charging low level criminals ,but fail to prosecute serious criminals, such as Hillary Clinton and others with blood all over their hands simply go free to live in luxury.
@MisterKrawfish @sahouraxo I missed that.. That is definitely cruel.
@sahouraxo @MarkoSket Obama will be brought to justice when Americans regain control over the nation.
@MediaBblivion @TOOEdit Im suspicious . All of the stickers on the van look as if they were all applied at one time. Like all on the same day, rather then a collage of stickers added over time. Like would be normal. It looks like an intentional photo op to me.
@TOOEdit @MarkoSket There is still the posibilty of a guy who may npt actually even like Trump. Its possible thats what he wants to project. Especially with all of those stickers that appear to have all been applied at the same time. No reason to trust the media or FBI. And every reason not to.
@blaircottrell89 At this point one has to either be in denial or ignorant not to see who and how they control nations by usury and debt along with terrorism and perpetual conflict. All for the sake of the goal to rule the whole world like the talmud says
@FraterRogerus Then lets round up all leftwing neoliberals like bloomberg and put them in gulags.
@06six60 @PeterSweden7 He needs to be marched to the gallows or since its France the guillotine.
@PeterSweden7 Ill ne surprised if Macaroni doesnt lose his head for daring to call others traitors when  he is  obviously a traitor to all of Europe.
The very fact that Hitler is still front and center on t.v. and movies and never Stalin is due to the control of media ,hollywood, publishing houses by the juice.
@XXXMilkDrinker @3502zippo The conquering of Europe from within by jews that control the international finances and subsequently governments. Their goal is the destruction of all white christian Weatern nations.
The left reveals the truth that they are all quite comfortable with hatred and violence. If its focussed on the President, white men or patriots, then its socially acceptable.
Neoliberals intend to eliminate  all American heritage and culture, in their effort to convert the U.S. into another one of the subjugated nations under their socialist world government.
@FraterRogerus @Nightmuse_ Im stunned by how many men are more like scared little school boys afraid of being called names (racist )by bullies.If youre white then you ought to be proud and committed to your race like our Founding Fathers.
@CJB424 @o_ema Whites, specifically men have seen the greatest reduction of population in the past 100 yrs then any other racial demographic. Whites are the global minority of the three root races. We are seeing an increase in violence and hate against whites worldwide This is cause for concern
@o_ema @micnews The more white people that a country has the more prosperous, civilized , and safe. Only a white man has walked upon the moon. All of the advancements of modern society is because of the caucasian peoples. What a shame that youve been programmed to believe in the antiwhite hate.
Since Canada wants multiculturalism and doesnt mind illegal aliens . We ought to escort the invasion from the South to Canada.
@LanaLokteff The FBI likes to define many non whites, as whites, when keeping stats on crimes. However they wouldve defined this same individual as a minority if he was the victim. They do this with indians and hispanics. To manipulate the stats. Its a part of affirmative action.
Im considering repatriating to Hungary. Where society hasnt been poisoned by wickedness. https://t.co/Usyi22ruFN
@V_of_Europe The EU is an evil entity that should perish from the Earth.
@Nature_and_Race The old wisdom on focussing on what unites us in cause, rather then what divides us is paramount now as ever. This is why it is important to have good leaders, in any cause.
@Nature_and_Race White men must now use the prosperity and innovation that we've created to form a sanctuary nation. Created solely for the preservation of the race. America was to have been this sanctuary ,but we failed to keep out the old parasites of humanity and theyve destroyed the U.S.
@DLoesch Parents that fail to properly train and educate their children on firearms, are the parents that are more likely to have kids that cause accidents and or will be afraid to inform an adult whenever they come across a firearm.Because of the parents phobia and civic irresponsibility
@NeverCuck @westland_will Thats what happens whenever they go off of the reservation.
@SullivanMessmer @14ShadesOfWhite Who has a  monopoly on corporate media, Hollywood, and publication houses? A very small group that has a specific sociopolitical agenda. To destroy all Western nations and the white race, is essential if they are to fullfill their lust to rule the whole world with an iron fist.
Medicine is a good example against affirmative action. I could barely comprehend what some of the nurses were saying, due to their inability to speak clear English. Im concerned that they were in no way capable nor qualified to have graduated without affirmative action. Not good.
The main stream media and hollywood has programmed the masses that hate and violence against so called white supremacists is socially acceptable. Then as is usually the intent, they expand and add to the definition of what a white supremacist is. Now all white men are targeted.
I want my grandchildren to grow up in a free country without the constant stress  of black and brown people constantly attacking them for every delusional machination they can attribute to the white race.
We have to borrow to pay social security and medicare but neoliberals still want us to take on the burden of tens of millions of  foreigners.
"Dont feed the Bears policy"Any agency or person aiding and abetting an illegal alien ought to be arrested, charged, and prosecuted for aiding and abetting a criminal activity. Large organizations or corporations should be punitatively fined for employing illegal aliens.
The Supreme Courts duty is not to interpret the Constitution. Their duty is to determine if the legislative or executive branches have violated the letter or Spirit of the Constitution. 20th century Court has abused their power to act as social justice warriors for neoliberalism.
The Constitution was intentionally written in non legal terms and plain terms so that the average laymen could understand and therefore defend and uphold the Constitution. The Federalist papers define and make clear the letter and spirit of every sentence therein.
Its time to demand and require all of these open border neoliberals to have to sponser the otherwise illegal aliens. They will be responsible for them financially and legally for 5-7 years. Providing quarter and assissting them in their welfare and in becoming loyal U.S. citizens
@DPinklage @PKsbpdl We couldnt be lucky enough to actually have our military defend our own borders like they do Iraqs or South Korea. If a criminal refuses to cease committing a crime, then force ought to be applied to stop the crime from occurring.
@PKsbpdl The fact that theyll be arriving right before the election proves that it is engineered as a political ploy. They want to put the President in a no win situation.and then use the media to barrage the president hoping to effect the elections.
All militia prepare to report to the Southern Border to aid and assist in repelling foreign invasion.
@DrDavidDuke No man has demonstrated more courage in contemorary history then Dr.David Duke. If only more American men could cultivate the same level of knowledge, wisdom, and integrity that David Duke has, then our nation would be free from the talmudic terrorist nation of thieves
Even his Holiness the Dali Lama acknowledges that Ethnonationalism is the wisest and most virtuous path. https://t.co/k704dqlknT
@TOOEdit The jews are the evil enemies of free speech. Their lies cant stand up to scrutiny. They bully , threaten , and use violence against anyone that they cant buy, coerce or blackmail.
@sydney371 @DonaldJTrumpJr Its called the " quiet war" U.S.Navel Intelligence Commander William Cooper blew the whistle on this subject in his famous book Behold a Pale Horse. Pf course he was assassinated in his home shortly after 911which he correctly predicted was an inside job to be blamed on bin laden
@lockeroomtalk1 @westland_will @megynkelly She completely capitulated and hustified her own persecution. Shes never been a patriot .She is self serving liberal.
@westland_will Megyn Kelly really made herself look like the prostitute that she really is. These people are not stars or celebraties. They are shallow self centered whores that will do anything for attention. They ve made their careers lying to the People.
Since South and Central Americans have no respect for American Sovereignty,  then America should take over or annex these coubtries as territorial possessions.Then we can make efforts to improve the quality of life in those countries.
@thebradfordfile @ChatByCC Its a distraction from real election issues like illegal immigration. Skilled politicians see the pbvious political ploy behind the dems attacking themselves.
@sydney371 @DonaldJTrumpJr There is a whole subversive war against the West. That starts in the womb. 85 vaccines given to newborn's before the blood brain barrier has developed has given us the weakest generations in our history. Some are wise or lucky enough to evade these landmines. But most are not.
@janmetdieplan @Replicant1933 @EastwoodReturns @JayLynn1984 Actually there are multiple instances of genocide that was committed by the followers of Abraham in the old testement.
@Replicant1933 @artorius7 @JayLynn1984 The talmudic jews are conspiring for world domination. They are behind the demographic destruction of America and Europe. They seek to end free speech. They are truly the greatest threat to all of humanity and nature.Their extremism has no bounds. They think that they are chosen
@TOOEdit Make America white again.!
@sydney371 @Imamofpeace The Bushes were imposters. Bush sr. endosred Clinton in 2016. They both were treasonous and will be prosecuted if justice is ever restored to this country.
@sydney371 @DonaldJTrumpJr The press has been monopolized by a small group of zionist/ anti Americans.. They have a sophisticated strategy of controlling and manipulating the masses thtough masss programming. The constant repitation of lies seeps deep into the subconscience minds of the people.
@FuckFDR I dont trust anyone that wears a yamika.
Stop the invasion,  with whatever amount of force required. https://t.co/ikU5qAKli0
The militia has the authority and obligation to suppress insurrection under the Constitution. Not the army. Not the police. All patriots need to be prepared to fullfill their sacred duty. Let the wheat be seperated from the chaff.
Failure to protect our national Sovereignty and borders. Will eventually lead to a break down of property rights in general. Soon well have millions of illegal aliens squating on peoples property as well as Americans being forced from their own homes by violent alien gangs.
Obviously the deep state would mail a few dummy bombs as a political distraction. If theyll try to sabotage a presidential campaign and usurp an elected president, theyd do anything to keep democrats in power and shut down the republican investigations into the DOJ. False flag.
@Imamofpeace @sydney371 Muslims have big oil money and its bought them alot of influence as leftwingers have no loyalty to their homelands and sell us out at every point.
None of the brainwashed programmed drones that believe racial heritage is irrelevant are planning to move to Africa or Haiti.
@diversity_guru Economic collapse is inevitable but may result in a more powerful govt. As has happened in the past.
RT @RyanAFournier: Retweet if you are voting Republican November 6th.
@FoxNews He should shut the border down with death as the consequence for violating.
Its hard for the President to take on the domestic enemies of the radical left, when republicans are too weak and cowardly to challenge the leftwing media and prosecute domestic terrorists like antifa.
Each day there is less and less reason and incentive for those with fidelity to their heritage and natural Rights, to preserve the govt.of the U.S.A. America is on the cusp of civil war between patriots that want to conserve the Bill of Rights against marxist internationalists.
@diversity_guru We need a renaissance of racial solidarity. We must not let our enemies bring us to our knees. We must instead bring our enemies to destruction.
@WhiteWineNS @DrDavidDuke Whites have proven themselves to be the civilized superior race . Aryans have built virtually ever major society in the West. Our prosperity and innovation is our strength. Racial diversity is the primary weakness in America.
@DrDavidDuke George Washington made a request to Congress for permission to burn NYC to the ground.  Even in that dayvit was a cess pool of traitors and enemies. It still is. Patriots will quarantine NYC in the near future. Along with all other treasonous "santuary cities".
@PKsbpdl Eventually well have to expel them or watch our whole nation perish.
@westland_will Their race is incapable of sustaing civilization and thats why.
If the govt. Can not ,or will not protect our borders, then its time to dissolve the federal govt entirely. The militia ought to be prepared to do what our military will likely not do. That is to protect our national botders from foreign invasion.
The Republican virtue of defending our national Sovereignty, is quintessential to American patriotism. https://t.co/TvfA877uq8
@PrinceMachiave1 To the spirit of cooperation and the desire to make our world a better place. Let us reason together and agree to focus on what unites us rather then what divides us. Especially when new data or revelations can change our perspectives in an instant.
@splcenter The SPLC should be responsible for financially taking in these invaders.
@USUprising @Outlander158 Time for our national demographics to return to caucasian. If we want to cobtinue our prosperity and innovation. You want diversity move to the middle East
@RealVinceJames @Interstate_85 Its different beca use theyre trying to bring America down, and make israhell the capital of the new world order.
@whitepupper @Outlander158 Its a jew world order. We ought to expect jews to live by their talmud, not be in denial of their goals for world domination.
@LouDobbs @heymerlin11 Your talking about a state that intentionally imports islamic somali terrorists into their homeland. I despise Minnesota for this.
@PeterSweden7 Britain is a ZOG tyranny. They should throw the monarchy into the ocean along with parliment and labour party
@PrinceMachiave1 My intuition informed me that you would be in agreement regarding this issue. You would likely be surprised at all we do agree upon.
@tedcruz They do a great job protecting the powerful political class. However they violate the Rights of average Americans systematically. Stealing from us with civil seizure forfeiture acts which are unconstitutional.
@SotonPres You should try thinking for yourself. I dare you to walk through a black neighborhood in St Louis or any other major black popularion asnd see how you are treated. If you actually make it out alive? Naive and inexperience put you in great risk.
@PKsbpdl @Outsider__14 Demographic changes are actually what has ended the greatest socities.  The less whites that a nation has in its population the less civilized and developed that nation will be.
Megyn Kelly's apology reminded me of why i dislike the insincere and disingenuous commentator. Placating the rabid anti white racists on the left for what were innocent comments, is a national disgrace and drained her of what, if any integrity she may still have had.
If law makers prevent doctors from effectively treating pain ,because of the irresponsible actions of drug abusers, then I predict a dramatic increase in violent crimes and suicides. Exposure to intense prolonged pain causes desperation and eventual insanity.
@wbd04021 @SaraCarterDC Theyre not only waving a flag from the country thats supposedly trying to kill them. They are burning The American flag.
@SaraCarterDC Force them all back. Americans are sick of being financially drained by illegal immigrants.
Thank god ,Americans still have discernment. https://t.co/S92GCW7AwP
@PrinceMachiave1 Im not afraid of the invasion. Im actually empathetic to their plight. Im coming from s LAWFUL consciousness refusing anyone to violate my Sovereignty .Whether it be national or personal. We may be compelled to help them make their homelands free and prosperous.
@Nature_and_Race Even His Holiness the Dalai Lama agrees that ethnonationalism is the path of the wise and virtuous.
@Nature_and_Race Ready for the renaissance.
@1776Stonewall Classic mossad
@DLoesch The leftwing media is actually an apparatus of America's domestic enemies. The President is right they are our national enemies and are far more dangerous then most take for granted.
@Nature_and_Race Hallmark of a good character. So many are clouded with foolish envy, jealousy and pride.
@diversity_guru I agree that we need to define the contemorary left as neoliberals because they are the exact opposite of classica l liberals.Neoliberals dont even support laissez faire,  which was what literally defined liberalism in the 20th century. Theyve been indoctrinated into marxism.
@PrinceMachiave1 Fear is a healthy emotion. Its how you react to it that defines you. Denial of existential threats is a foolish mistake.  I support using force to repel all foreign invasions.
@RedDeadOutlaw Im not sure what portion of my point you failed to comprhend? I suggest if you have the capacity and discipline to read a book, I suggest you refer to the U.S. Army field manual on counterintelligence.T
Remember that true love and true hate come from the same source.
The thing that has been, it is that which shall be, and that which is done, is that which shall be done, and there is no new thing under the Sun.
The organized an d orchestrated response by the democrats and the fake media, like CNN and MSNBC, makes it obvious that leftists are behind the suspicious package flurry.
@FranSism1g San fran is a modern sodom and will soon sink into the sea for ever.
@Boomerscum @SnowAdvocate If i were president id deport everyone of them back to Somalia....tommorrow
@StefanMolyneux I cant believe these criminals are still free?
@PrinceMachiave1 Have you ever actually read Machiavelli? If so, you missed the entire premise of his philosophy.Or your just naive and gullible. Or perhaps your a leftist partisan. Either way I have no time for those whos cups are so full of programming that there is no room for objective reason
When members of the crip gang rob a house, they usually paint grafitti of rival gang signs in the house, on the walls of their rivals ,such as the blood gang. The bloods do the same.The FALSE FLAG is a well worn tactic.This is why the left sent themselves fake bombs in the mail
@wrathofgnon @westland_will Men may have to drag women by the hair again just to save the human race from extinction by women who refuse to procreate
Anyone that has been paying attention to the tactics coming out of the radical left. Knows that its a much higher probability that the packages were sent by the same leftists that have been attacking repubs through the mail for the past 2 yrs. Its a false flag diversion https://t.co/jz1iBGuOMV
Radical neoliberals were really desperate to stop the momentum of the republican party just prior to the election. So they sent high profile dems fake or unoperable devices and then used the media and all operatives to distract from the invasion in the south and the election.
@JMcfeels @Hellrazor1984 Its an F-ing invasion not a caravan.
@PKsbpdl Weve been occupied by a foreign power since 1913. WHITES have not been running this nation,  the zionists control this nation via their monopoly over the monetary system ..the federal reserve.
Of course no one was injured, because the false flag suspicious package ploy is nothing but an excuse and opportunity for the left to use the mainstream media to redirect the public's attention and focus from The Invasion coming in fast from the south.
@ThreeDawgLadyDe @DLoesch "A fear of firearms is due to emotional immaturity." Sigmund Freud   He was most certainly correct .
@V_of_Europe @Hellrazor1984 When will it be enough to wake the white race from the jew world order zionist occupation of the West. Intent on destroying every Western Nation on Earth. In preparation for greater israhell.the capitol of their new world dictatorship.
@ethnarch_ @Hellrazor1984 @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr Under the Constitution the militia is authorized and obligated to suppress insurrection.
@PKsbpdl @Hellrazor1984 Too much white flight intead of fight.
@fortis_vero @Hellrazor1984 @SPimpernel13 @PKsbpdl Thats because the talmud ssys the whole world and all therein is solely theirs. All gentiles are less then insects and therefore must not be left alone to their own volition.
@w_terrence Smells like false flag distraction .. to divert attention from the invasion from the south.
@dbongino The left are maniacal and are trying to promote self doubt and weakness in the population in hopes that theyll capitulate to Clintons demands for control over the House or else they will refuse to be civil. The whole nation was threatened .
@charliekirk11 Violence is never the answer but necessary force is required in many instances. I hope American men dont become even more docile then they already are.
if you're concerns and charity are focussed first and foremost outside of America, rather then applying your generosity to the over a million Americans that are homeless, ill, and or in dire need. Then you are a poor example of an American, and most certainly not a patriot
@michellemalkin Liberals have the luxury of not having any sincere morality or ethics. It is a party of pure political power.
@Amy_Siskind It only could only be terrifying to the sheeple that depend upon the leftwing media to define their worldveiw. I consider all of those oppossed to our nation, to be enemies of the American nation and ought to be treated as the enemies that they are.
@Nature_and_Race The equality referred to by our founding fathers was the equality under the rule of law.
When a nation becomes unable to defend its borders because of political correctness that nation is doomed to perish.
@Nature_and_Race Anti white political correctness will eventually run its course. At some point caucasians will come together to preserve their interests. However 1/3 of whites are permenantly brainwashed and will be backstabbers and try to sabotage white solidarity.
It is an invasion of primarily men of military age. https://t.co/ChFKUShtYk
@TOOEdit If theyre not stopped all of central and South America will invade us.
Its an invasion ,not a caravan.
@Nature_and_Race We have to agree upon the quintessential principles of freedom . Nothing encourages division more then the violation of natural Rights.
Majority of Americans support President Trump. https://t.co/1ylrUXakcR
@gr8tjude @darhar981 Race is reality . Denying reality is unwise, unhealthy and futile.
@blaircottrell89 Defiance against tyranny is obedience to God Almighty.
@RealMattCouch @vicksiern The caucasian race or whiteness.
RT @perfectsliders: Do you support Trump putting our military across the southern border
@blaircottrell89 You forgot the constant muriad of hateful attacks on white men and whites in general.!
National Emergency at the Southern border. Military must stop foreign horde from invading the U.S.A. https://t.co/oNofHuPdxK
@RealMattCouch @HUMPTYSCRUMPTY California needs to be reigned in with military force.
The European Union was founded by the same criminals who created the Soviet Union and should meet the same end.
@juanniemo @westland_will @POTUS @realDonaldTrump Because they are parasites and we want to get them out of our body politic forever.
@westland_will Conservativism was suppossed to be for the preservation of the American nation. Nationalism only succeeds when there is a racial component. America is on the cusp of social failure. Soon , very few men will be willing to sacrifice their lives for what America has become
Every single Evangelical or politically correct fool that obediently jumps to the defense of all so called Jews, in every occasion, despite their criminal activities, has yet to read the talmud and offer comment upon all of the hatred,racism and anti Christ propaganda therein.
@marlowe51413159 The jews have had international power longer then any other people. Perhaps in the new era the global advantages held by those jews, that desire world gov. and domination, will be greatly reduced if not neutralized entirely. The new world order is the jew world order.
Declare martial law on the border and shoot anyone who attempts to come over the border illegally.
All of America and Europes enemies believe we are weak and susceptible to invasion.
No matter what they say. Global govt. can only be achieved and sustained by implementing a system of absolute tyranny.
The government doesn't give away money to illegal aliens, it gives away YOUR money to illegal aliens.!
Israel has committed more acts of espionage  against the United States, more than all other nations combined. Allies do not commit espionage against allies.
"Stop &amp; Frisk" is the classic text book example of an egregious  violation of the 4th Amendment. The govt. Is prohibited from conducting general searches and seizures. Only under martial law does a govt. conduct general searches and seizures.
The 1st Amendment freedom of religion was specifically for the many different protestant christian faiths and not for other foreign religions. The Founders never intended to allow foreign populations with foreign religions into the U.S.
@GraildeForrest This is why they spend so much energy on the media. It goes back centuries. They would spread stories about vampires in order to give a superstitious alternative to the ritualistic blood letting that they heavily practised . The more power they gain, the darker the world will go.
Newborns immune systems are not fully formed and are not capable of the  development of aquired immunity that the dozens of vaccines demand of the newborn's body. Unfortunately newborn vaccines appear to be more like a weapon of eugenics.
@RagingGayCons @vicksiern Anyone that does not understand the genius and necessity of the electoral college, is unfit for public service. Democrats would love to gut this pillar from the Constitution, because it would enable them to cheat in elections, even more then they already do.
@PeterSweden7 The Swedes need to rid themselves of that old parasite that destroys nations from within. The Swedes must expell islam from Sweden or perish.
I want to see Obama and his criminal coconspirators put in prison for using the DOJ, NSA,and IRS in an attempt to steal the 2016  election from Donald J Trump and the American people.
When white flight becomes impossible, white fight becomes inevitable.
Evangelicals??? More like , ,  Evan"jew"icals
It wont be much longer until the new generation of white men and women wake up and acknowledge that we can not continue to tolerate the demographic destruction of our homelands.
@marlowe51413159 There will be alot less crime if we had curfews and martial law. Its a shame that certain cities dont have enough of a civilized population to exercise their freedoms. They are sociopolitically immature and need big brother to look into their pockets.
Time to tar and feather the hysterical  radical feminists that have infected our society.
" Stop &amp; Frisk", is a general search of persons that have not broken any law.This is an egregious violation of the 4th Amendment. It is a weapon used by dictators to impose martial law and to put fear into the citizenry..it undermines the presumption of innocence and due process.
@JMcfeels Whenever women can potentially make half a million bucks on https://t.co/12vkyzNFwM  for accussing someones enemy of sexual assault, without any consequences, well see an increase in the number of false accusations.
Losa Murkowski is the only one dumb enough not to see through the lies..She is totally inept and unfit for office.
@StefanMolyneux The Constitution. Establishes a republican form of govt. Not a democracy.. The recent mob mentality of the left is a good example of why.
@CrispyCreamMan I love the Roman salute ..it probabbly gors back even further in Aryan civilization.
@RevengeKween It is disgusting whenever Americans overlook any pne of the millions of American orphans and they spend far more energy and money going to another country to adopt.
@RevengeKween Actprs are just over paid prostitutes
@RealMAGASteve A bunch pf brain washed kids getting extra credit for their harvard degrees
This is why the voting age should be at leadt 25 yrs of age. https://t.co/7j8m68029x
Everyone that said Christine Blasey- Ford was credible, has lost a little bit of credibility themselves.
@MarkACollett What have they allowed Europe to become Africa.  Only war now is inevitable.
@lisamurkowski @SenFeinstein Murkowski is really a liberal just like Feinstein. No wonder they get along so well. Murkowski will be defeated by a republican in the next election.
@IngrahamAngle @lisamurkowski Its been long overdue to get rid of Murkowski. She doesnt have republican virtues	 Shes always been a democrat in republican garb.
@RandPaul @KelleyAshbyPaul @CNN That what real patriotism is Rand Paul. They're terrorizing you and your family because you are a loyal patriot.
Kavanaugh's confirmation will be an American victory over the saul alinsky tactics of the left.
@wayotworld @bitchute Union is certainly a marxist endevour. I predict anpther enemy. The attempt to consolidate power is the trademark of tyrants.
@GirloftheWade @IngrahamAngle White men are the fastest deteriorating demographic in the nation and world. America owes the white men ,who have fought and died for generations, so that all could live free and prosper.
Russians charged with hacking, were looking for the evidence to prove that Israel was the power responsible for the chemical attacks in Syria and poisoning of the spy agent in Britain.
Good will to all of Americas senior men of anglo-saxon descent.
@AmyMek Then real white Germans need to stand up and take their country back.Germany doesnt owe the world nothing.  Be free or die trrying
@HuffPost Im offended for the little children who are being poisoned by radical social trolls.
@Wolfsschanze06 @RevengeKween All of the above and then some. Primarily though we have to be heard  and stand up for our principles and our heritage at all costs
@RevengeKween They call it the " quiet war"  Primarily a war of attrition and demographics. The longer that they are able to prevent racial unity and solidarity amongst the white race, the more death and destruction they will be able to cause in our countries. Soon whites will have no choice.
Never underestimate the power and effectiveness of repetition. The media are masters of repeating their lies over and over again in order to place them into the subconscious mind. This is how propaganda is used to mentally program the masses.
The enemy is teaching our kids on TV to hate old white men, but remember it was old white men that gave us the Declaration of Independence the United States Constitution and created the most prosperous and Innovative nation in the history of mankind. old white men are awesome!
@price1000000 @xwordmark @Maggieb1B @gatewaypundit I understand why you did what you did. I just hope that because the left uses censorship,  those on the right will begin to do the same. Id rather expose my enemies and remain true to the principle of freedom of speech and presss.
@xwordmark @JaniegrayJg @gatewaypundit Ladies and gentleman this is a common setiment amongst the talmudists and all of their kabballlist,satanic off shoots.
What did you expect? https://t.co/ETOsN8dZt5
@mitchellvii Shes been charged with lying for revenge against coworkers..she was charged with sexual misconduct herself. at her previous employer and too much more to tweet..look into her past.
I stand with the victims. https://t.co/sjwSkG7BWr
America is either going to allow the domestic enemies, that infect our country, to drag them down with them. Its time for a major national peaceful seperation between the left and the right.
@DorothyMontgom4 Lock this woman up. She has caused people hell wherever she goes and whoever she comes into contact with. She lusts for attention. Why not cast false accusations if you can get 500000 on https://t.co/12vkyzNFwM and no consequences.
The whole Christine Ford false accusations against Brett Kavanaugh has proven to be a really good IQ test as well as a good Rorschach test.
@beth2_k3a @JoanneSzafrani1 500,000 and counting on her go fund me. Who knows what else she has received.
@beth2_k3a @JoanneSzafrani1 Shes a liar
Blasey Ford wrote paper on hypnosis used to "create artificial situations." This was why her social media has been erased and she has no character witnesses.
HIGE NEWS:	Christine Fords deleted social media shows she wrote a paper on hypnosis and how to create artificial environments.
@Veteran4Trump @tracy_mzz I would never want to live in Africa with those peoples
Men stand up and stop giving in to feminist demands. No more. Its time to exert our strength once again. No more mercy no more tolerance.
Its time to treat the democrat party like its 1862 again.
@DailyCaller Proof that transvetites are mentally insane.
@iconian331 @VictorMace3 Animals that need to be extricated from society
@francesloverly She also teaches some type of CIA internship  program at a University. Her father is former high ranking CIA.
@APCentralRegion Wha t happened to democrats believing the women.
@DRUDGE_REPORT They sure do act swift if whites take action but they let mobs of muslims gang rape lityle girls and committ terrorist attacks downtown.
@PeterSweden7 Anyone that yruly believes in justice has to be appalled by the democrats defamation of a good man.
@francesloverly Ive not looked up the court records to confirm  but have heard this reported by multiple sources. I have confirmed that Kavanaughs mother was a judge.
The treatment of the accusser, as a victim, prior to proving guilt is a prejudicial violation of the presumtion of innocence of the accussed.
The media fails to mention that Brett Kavanaugh's mother was a judge that presided over the foreclosure of  Christine Fords  parents" home, her childhood home.
They can say whateve r they want about Senate Judiciary chair Chuck Grassley, but he managed to get Kavanaugh confirmed out of the committee , and on to the fkoor for a final confirmation vote.
@ToddWise62 Let me guess another liberal professor calling for hate and violence against white males. Eventually white males are going to be compelled to organize and ac tin their own iterests .
@MarkACollett Whites only lose through miscegenation w
@RoloT17 @realitycalls8 @ramzpaul You can put a monkey in a three piece suit but it's still just a monkey
@realitycalls8 Purge
The secret to jewish success and longevity is ethnic solidarity. This is also how the jews defeat their enemies. By depriving them of the having the same ethnic solidarity that the jews themselves maintain.
I find it a little shocking that in all of these years, no one has given George Soros a lead head?
Maybe we should bind Brett Kavanaugh and throw him in the river. If he drowns, then he's innocent.
The false accusations waged by democrats against Brett Kavanaugh are evil. Ye shall know them by their works.
Give me a million bucks on gofund me and i can find  at least five people from your yearbook or past to testify that they were sexually assaulted by you. There are no consequences for false accussations
@AlbionIsForever I agree that the IQ differences between Russians and South Americans is substantial. Unfortunately too many of the low IQ descendents of Amerindians are invading the U.S. negatively impacting everything in our society.
Kavanaugh deserves to be appointed to the court.
@AlbionIsForever Maybe you should take a few moments to study the soviet gulag system. Mao madsacred over 60 million people in the chinese marxist revolution  and is more and more a police state everyday. Maybe youd like to live in China, then you wouldnt have to put up with other ideas of people
@Nature_and_Race DNA proves that Ramses2 and others were caucasian. There was only one half breed of an egyptian / nubian that became pharoah akhenaton much like how obama became president in a nation founded by whites for whites. Hopefully the U.S will follow Egypts lead and destroy his legacy.
Maybe the FBI should investigate Jeff Flakes changing his vote due to violent intimidation.
RT @NRA: No one loves America more than #NRA members. How much do you love this great nation? https://t.co/d819lgZxTA
@GOP @mercedesschlapp I have never despised Democrats more after watching what they did to an innocent man for political gain.
@cynthiamckinney Especially whe never the history of slavery is predominate with tyrants thats used the color of law to convict , strip them if their rights and enslave. War and crime are the traditional source of slaves.
@DineshDSouza Its her masters that want to get the most out of her, it takes alot to have to train a new monkey.
@AlbionIsForever Marxist govs have a long history of seizing the means of production under the promise of redistribution but in reality its enabled the govt to control the food supply. Its hard to fight your gov whenever youve got to stand in a foodline for 6 hrs. each day just for a little bread
@AlbionIsForever Before the socialist revolution Venezuela was a major exporter of food. The govt. Seized all the land and means of production and never used it to produce as was promised. Today they dont even produce enough produce and livestock to feed the people. Theyre eating garbage now.
@Nature_and_Race First of all Islam was founded by whites. The prophet Mohammed was a blue eyed white devil. Gotta wonder how the nation of islam and farrakhan just ignore that little fact.
I fully support the military detaining all well known and prominent communist leaders and activists within the U.S. and imprisoning them in Guantanamo bay prison indefinitely or until rehabilitated .
Americans should be waking to the reality that our politicians are easily duped and are not fit or capable to protect our nation .
@AlbionIsForever Your prejudicial disdain for those that uphold their Ametican culture and heritage is misplaced. Perhaps youd be happier in Venezuela where u dont have to worry about capitalists daring to exercise their rights.
Antifa terrorists ought to be tarred and feathered.
The left are domedtic enemies of the American Constitution and ought to be given no mercy or quarter.
If this is not enough to declare war on the marxist multiculturalism, then nothing is. https://t.co/FJaHpNClTr
She is an obvious liar.. no evidence no witnesses no character witnesses https://t.co/WsjSlfSqvq
@hucklebones72 @AntiNeofeminist @StefanMolyneux Life begins at conception. Thats human biology 101.
@AntiNeofeminist @hucklebones72 @StefanMolyneux Liberals claim to be in favor of science but obviously not when it comes to human biology. Life begins at CONCEPTION. That is the scientific term for the beginning of human life. Most liberals dont even know that their is a biological difference between males and females.
@hucklebones72 @AntiNeofeminist @StefanMolyneux Everyone may be against it ,in your circles but actually its the norm worldwide. Creating and managing a family is neither an outdated gender role nor is it a lessor designation within society. The Amish seem to be happy and prosperous as an example.
Christine Ford could present no character Witnesses whatsoever to support her character, or tell us who she is. Kavanaugh, on the other hand, has hundreds of character Witnesses. Hmmm
@W_McPrivilege @EthnoStatesNow Caucasians are the global minority in population and occupy less of the globe geographically. Part of the white genocide is the fake mefia campaign against us. Always portraying us as oppressors.
@olin_campbell @AnnCoulter Thats proof shes lying. If she was so traumatized that 36 yrs later she is supposedly still affected. She wouldve avoided him ..Also her best friend didnt know she was seeing the captain of the football team and most popular guy in school. She didnt even mention this to best girl
@AnnCoulter She lied to give her handlers time to train her properly.
Neoliberals want open borders and hate the concept of a border wall because they're afraid that their drug smuggling enterprises will be thwarted.
@HerrMorgenholz @chuckwoolery I can understand.I didnt know any of these facts until I began researching the what, why, and how the evil nazis couldve possibly got away with what they did. I was shocked to find out that so much of what I had been certain of, simply was absolutely false. Propaganda is powerful
@balgonie_kelly @Nature_and_Race @pjazzopardi The programming is so extensive that most people cant handle the truth.  Yet some of us will pursue the truth regardless of the consequences.
@AntiNeofeminist @hucklebones72 @StefanMolyneux Its not about disempowering women. Its about reinforcing a much more positive and affirming path for women . That will enhance the happiness and health of women ..Biiological necessity has formed the predominant roles of both sexes. The damage of confusing these roles is evident.
Im accussing the Democrats in the Senate of organized high treason. I have made myself available for testimony ,under oath ,at their earliest convenience.
@mitchellvii Enough with these fake ass media polls. Every single poll in 2016 said Trump was losing.. Yet he won 33 + states. Its all about controlling the minds of Americans. Its idiotic to put credot into polls.
The only purpose for the communist flag in America, is for target practise.
@realDonaldTrump Duh. Anyone with half of a brain knew that this was going to be the case.SHAME on republicans for tolerating this Alinsky attack on our entire nation by leftist terrorists.
@happypragmatist @GOP @senorrinhatch Democrats concerned about fairness? You dont seem to mind casting unfounded accusations, Dont seem to care or believe women when it comes to those that accuse democrats like your current vice chairman of the DNC Keith Ellison where there is actual evidence to support her claims
@WillaimThe5th @bernadettedenne @dreamwithfaith @GOP @senorrinhatch You obviously dont know what the word credible means? I know its what you heard repeated over and over again ad nauseam by the media. Are you so partisan that you abandoned any sense of justice? The presumption of innocence proceeds the Constitution. Anything less is tyrannical.
@GOP @senorrinhatch Intelligent Americans have easily seen through the democrats plot to defame Kavanaugh with false accusations. Intuitive Americans have discerned the very same. The wise know the games they play.
The media's talking heads were quick to act in unison in calling Christine Fords testimony " credible". The one thing that her testimony was not. Accusations do NOT establish credibility. Only evidence and witnesses signify credibility.
Beware that one of the primary reasons that they've allowed the invasion of America and Europe with non-white foreigners is because when they collapse the economy , they believe that those people will be the ones to take the majority of the blame &amp; violence instead of the 1%
@DineshDSouza I was furious with the republican party and Trump for allowing the left to destroy our candidate based upon heresay.
@TheElusiveFox64 You cant achieve major success in any field without coming face to face with the jewish power.They almost always buy off most people but they also like to blackmail and terrorize to get their way.
@TheElusiveFox64 There is a high probability that Earth is merely  a  colony  of 3 or more different races.
@PossiblyJared @altskuII @ADL_National @reddit Considering that the jews have suppressed the  truth by using their undue influence in Western governments to ban free speech. It is our duty in America. While we still have the freedom of speech. To speak the truth.
Men ought to cease all business relations with any and all women. If men are going to be destroyed, extorted and defamed by the mere heresay of a woman. It is wiser to restrict ones business relationships with men only.
@EthnoSk8 @GirloftheWade Jew know who they are.
@RevengeKween @1blessedbee The ADL must be abolished and all pf its employees sent to Guantanamo bay for the rest of their lives. ADL are domestic enemy combatantants.
@Czakal @heywildrich Whites need to understand that they are in serious danger as black populations grow. The murder rate and rapes grows with the black population here in America.
When the democrats won, you heard them say that" elections have consequences" and "yes we can". However when republicans win they demand that everything must be pursued with bipartisan support.
@MrPatriaut To hell with the me 2 movement. Its nothing but a feminist propaganda tool.
@JaniegrayJg There  is an abundance of evidencr for E.T. s ..There is a great resistence by the old powers of this world, to prevent us from acknowledging this. Once we do, our enyire society will be transformed in a short time.
Do the Democrats believe the DNC chairman Keith Ellison's accuser? and if not? , why? she actually has evidence
@MarkWThompson2 This is really an IQ test and of course liberals all fail. They are mentally retarded.
@WorkingClassPat @GirloftheWade These stupid bitche are happy to use intimidation and threats. So they will reap what they sow.
@MarktheDogofRaw @SnowAdvocate We nerd ethnic solidarity or else the nation. Im happy to see a new nation form. No need to try an preserve a lost republic of non whites.
@KevinRearick @IrrefutableMM @foxandfriends Jews get away with their hatred against white christians withput consequences. However the new generation of whites are not going to be so tolerant of our lessors.
The word testify comes from the ancient tradition of a man holding on to his testes while giving his statement under Oath to remind him at all times, that bearing false witness will result in ones testes being subject to justice. Women thus could not testify.
@chuckwoolery The jews assassinated the Czars whole family. They hated christian Russia as much as they did Germany.  There are numerous books written by jews many years prior vo ww2 that emphasise the jewish desire for genocide of Germany and Russia. They succeeded.Then blamed their victims
@chuckwoolery " judaism is the soul of communism " rabbi- president of the international jewish Congress
@balgonie_kelly @Nature_and_Race @pjazzopardi Youve got alot to learn. You dont know the history of communist tactics and philosophy and who they really are.
@DoRtChristians @JoanneSzafrani1 Democrats have really rubbed a major portion of the country in the worst way. Were going to make them pay in Nov.
We will not let the left terrorize America anymore. Radical marxist neoliberals are not welcome in America anymore. Better start looking for a new home becsuse patriots are coming for you. https://t.co/fK5Xn53kCk
@RandyFitler @1blessedbee @MeSoTory @cursedsalad The jewish talmud is more wicked then the satanic bible. Even though bothvwere written by jews. Its in the minds.Jesus despised them so much ,he whipped them  and called them the children of the devil and the killers of all the prophets and saints.
@SavingAmerica4U @Outsider__14 Blacks subverting America wherever they can.
@ramzpaul Thats why our enemies are promoting the lbgtqz strategy in full force.
Very soon the new generation of white Americans .That have had their nation and heritage given away and stolen. Shall rise and re- conquer what is our birth right .
I've never despised the  Democrat Party more than I have after this Supreme Court nomination and their attempt to destroy a good man's name for political purposes.
Support Kavanaugh https://t.co/RMmulHwTRt
@Drexler_Seven @PanamaRoxy @FoxNews Constitutional Rights attach whenever your old enough to be able to exercise those rights. Which has generally been 18 yrs of age.
Sean Hannity and others are foolish for making the claim that Ford deserves to be hear. Iff she doesn't have any evidence or witnesses to support her claim, she doesn't have the right to defame an innocent man .You're wrong she doesn't have a right to be heard
The lefts demand to convict a good man without any evidence, ought to be a good enough reason for conservatives to divorce themselves from democrats. Or else one day you or a loved one will be sitting in a prison because some lefty on a jury found you guilty by their belief alone
@MittRomney Im so glad i didnt vote for a cucksucker like you. Its pretty bad when conservatives would rather stay home and let obama get re elected because the thought of you giving repubs a bad rep, is too great. We held out for a better man.
Mans best friend is a dog not his wife. https://t.co/nflF1VBZdU
@ramzpaul I think women lie much more in general because theyve learned to mabipulare men and other women , in order to get their way .
Damn the president and republicans for capitulating to leftwing radical terrorists.. The accusations against Brett Kavanaugh are so unfounded that it is an affront to liberty and a disgrace to our nation to give these accusations any credence at all. Very disappointed in Trump.
I believe Ford has been proven a liar. She isnt afraid to fly and never was. https://t.co/634J3o9bAR
Tolerating evil is evil.
God asks American christians. What about me raining fire and brimstone down upon the heads of every man, women and chid of Sodom and Gomorroh, do you not comprhend? Once the majority of a people become wicked, the entire society is beyond redemption.
@Drexler_Seven @PanamaRoxy @FoxNews No be consistent no drivers license ubtil 21 either. More people are killed by inexperienced or careless drivers then guns and weapobs combined.
@FoxNews This violates the 2nd Amendment Rights of all. Then it would follow that no male shall be able to be drafted into selective service until theyre 21. Or join the military or police dept.
If they want to open up an FBI investigation then the FBI should administer a polygraph. Id bet a million bucks she'll fail a proper test . One not hand picked by her radical leftwing attorneys.
@Patrici15767099 @JoanneSzafrani1 Im sure she wouldve been braggin to all her friends about knowing Kavanaugh the captain of the football team and first in his class. Yet even her best friend said she never told her. Thats absolutely unbelievable. Shed be talking about nothing else to her best friend.
@Glorious_Cat @GirloftheWade She couldnt come to D.C. because she is afraid yo fly because of thev36 yr old incident. Cone to find out she is an avid flyer and has flew all over the globe. Its still a lie.
@ramzpaul Iys based on positive equality which is un natural and thus will inevitably create imbalance and the implosion of society.
@StableDoorz @rightrights_sa Whites have been demoralized by thw jewish media
I can absolutely sympathise with our anscestors burning witches at the stake.
Barack Obama, is a traitor and is guilty of conspiring to use his office and the power of the precidency to spy and undermine the republican presidential candidate. He must be prosecuted for high treason and given the full penalty under the law.
Trump &amp; senate cave to radical leftist terrorist demands to delay the nomination and involve the FBI in politics once again .Giving the deep state more time and space to affect Kavanaughs reputation with even more false accusations. Which is more then enough for the left.
@westland_will Biden has no morality or ethics that prevent him from flop floppin.
@ramzpaul The jews are global enemies of freedom of speech. They want us to be able to pnly parrot their propaganda in public. God I pray for the day Earth is free from their wickedness.
First thing feminists do when theyre in trouble is call upon sympathetic men to protect them. Women have never been able to defend themselves alone.
@hucklebones72 @AntiNeofeminist @StefanMolyneux You do realize that women have NOT been involved in combat or politics for most of Western history or  in the majority of nations on Earth today. The feminist propaganda has programmed you to feel this to be an oppression, but its necause women are held in higher esteem.
@stuka_commander @ramzpaul Women have mastered the crafts of being fake.They wear more makeup then clowns Plastic surgery has rendered many of them un natural. Women in America are known for their self centered shallow dispositions. Always reading thel smut magazine to see what kind of test to put men thru
If the radical left  along with their deep state actually would conspire to falsely accuse Kavanaugh, destroying his good name. in order to derail the nomination, then it is also highly probable that they assassinated Scalia in hopes of replacing him with Merick Garland.
Even though it was the democrats that cooked up the false accussations against Kavanaugh. It is the republicans that have allowed a man to be publicly accussed without any evidence or witnesses Just proves weve got the wrong people prptecting our freedoms and interests.
@harjo111 @DianaFry18 @realDonaldTrump F Donald Trump. The House is the Peoples House. I want Jim Jordan..to be Speaker. Hed even be a great president.
@AntiNeofeminist @StefanMolyneux Congratulations for not succumbing to the  wicked feminist propaganda that has devasted our female population.
@djslanty @BeiwagenDave @StefanMolyneux Spending is also going to increase if there are more workers making higher wages.
This is absolutel bullsh*t.. Now the FBI is the circus ring leader.  Every Senator that agreed to this ought to be primaried. The democrats will use the FBI report to claim that we need further investigations. That is their whole point for involving the FBI. Term limits now! https://t.co/tG3Nk5QGbv
@WhiteMale55 @TheGrea71610588 It worked for Russia collusion. So why not do what works. The sheep are too stupid to know the difference.
Ford claims she can't remember who took her home but if you were just traumatized and attacked and frightened for your life. Wouldnt you want to make sure to find somebody to take you home that you felt secure and safe with?
The left cooked up the Ford accussations based upon the fictional book wrtten by Mark Judge. All they had to do is find the rigjt pussyhat wearer that would dare to defame and lie to destroy a political opponent.
@StefanMolyneux This is why women should not be involved in politics or combat. Its not healthy for women or a virtuous nation. People and society is healthier with stable gender roles. Its time that our walk on the darkside comes to an end.
@robpuente66 @TomCottonAR Ford is a liar. Claims she is so traumatized that shes still afraid to fly.. yet shes taken some of the longest flights in the world like Hawaii. While she flys frequently and all over the globe. Trying to convict someone based upon belief instead of evidence is what marxists do.
@TomCottonAR @westland_will Its the democrats trying to use the FBI for political purposes once again. They know the FBI is not suppossed to get involved.
Democrats prove that they're accustomed to using the doj and FBI for political purposes,
@NeverCuck @GirloftheWade Jeff Flake will not be able to just retire after this.
President Trump should not capitulate to these left-wing radicals blackmail tactics of bullying regardless of what Jeff fake thinks.
@PossiblyJared @GirloftheWade Yes we do need white men to stand and fight our domestic enemies. Now is the time.
@dbongino Thats why you dont elect a man whos familial name is flake. ,and expect a solid representative.
Brett Kavanaugh, captain of the football team and 1st in his class. Ford claims to have dated Brett for 2 months and yet no one in her class  knew, not even her best friend, that she was dating the most popular kid in his class? She didnt tell her best friend? U gottta B joking!
Jeff Flake really is  the epitome of a flake!!!!
Polygraph test was given by someone with a long history of working for Ford's attorneys.Katz who is a well known leftwing activist , Who has coached and compensated Ford. The Polygraph was not conducted properly.The polygrapher is a biased party.
It must have been the Chinese spy Is Dianne Feinstein's office that released dr. Ford's letter
@DrDavidDuke It was despicable watching Christine Ford's jewish lawyers handling her. Its obvious whos behind the attacks upon supreme court nominee Kavanaugh. The same enemy thats infected many nations.
If any republican Senator votes not to confirm Brett Kavanaugh,.They will not win re election ever again, and might as well resign their party affiliations.
The recent hit job on Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh reaffirms my suspicions that Scalia  was all but certainly murdered. Particularly when were talking about the Obama Administration and how corrupt and power thirsty they all were.
How many Democrats have we heard state that Keith Ellison's former girlfriend ,that's accusing him of sexual misconduct should be believed?
@DonaldJTrumpJr She flew all over the world as a young women. Travelling to foreign countries. This is uncharacteristic for a traumatized victim.. During the years when she says her ptsd was the worst. Her claim to be too afraid to fly is an absolute lie. An obvious attempt to destroy Kavanaugh
My respect for Brett Kavanaugh has grown exponentially. I think this experience of being falsely accussed will make him stand for Due Process with an even deeper sense of reverence.
Democrats failed to treat Brett Kavanaugh  with respect that Republican showed the false accuser and Liar Christine Ford
@TejasPsycho @FranSism1g What everyone is missing. Is Brett Kavanaugh was a scrawny virgin at 17. They try and portray him as some tough and rough gang rapist. Its so absurd, I cant believe anyone can say that they can believe these accusations.  Theyre just mere heresay
The leftwing media is utterly draining away  sympathy and compassion for female victims of sexual misconduct. The weaponization of women against men, by democrats ,is another example of the left's efforts to destroy America.
@DVATW Blacks will always be envious living amongst a more advanced culture. Im sure hed be happier in the Congo.
@Olkoth_Awoken @WestWingReport Theyre doing this because it worked to steal a Senate seat in Alabama when they accussed judge Roy Moore of 30 yr. Old unfounded accussations of sexual misconduct. Republicans are to blame, fpr being weak. We need reps. thatll stand for the rule of law.
@JMcfeels If he was white hed have been charged with a hate crime.
I hold the "presumption of innocence" to be a sacred Right, therefore I believe Brett Kavanaugh.
Republicans in the Senate fell for the Democrat trap and opened the door to any and every attention seeking devious radical left-wing female accuser to cast unfounded accussations upon the Hon. Brett Kavanaugh.
Jeff Flake is the one responsible for Christine Ford getting a hearing in the senate when she has no evidence, no witnesses, no specific place. no date.  Kavanaugh is the victim of unfounded accusations. I will be so glad to see Jeff Flake leave the senate.
@FraterRogerus @realDonaldTrump I I think many of us have underestimated the political power of the enemy. I still think Trump is good for America compared to the democrat option.
I wonder what the odds are in Vegas , that Christina Ford will not testify tomorrow under the penalty of perjury
@OneResister @charliekirk11 @realDonaldTrump Simon resists critical thinking. He thinks regugitating unproven accusations makes them come true. Hes got CNN to tell him what to believe and say .. His cup is full of lies.
@charliekirk11 @realDonaldTrump How much has israel extorted from the American people in the past 10 yrs.with AIPAC? NEARLY A TRILLION DOLLARS!  What about all the war and conflict on israels behalf? Israel has committed more acts of espionage against the U.S. then all other nations combined.
@shepherd_blondi @CharlieMcGreg14 @___plsnobanpls @TOOAJoyce In recent history it goes back to the bolshevik revolution. They used fluoride in the gulags. After it was discovered that fluoride could be added to the water to produce a more docile apathetic population. Its oderless and tasteless.
@charliekirk11 The big mistake was giving a hearing to 35 yr. old accusations with no evidence, witnesses, specific dates or times. As to prevent any chance of proving an alibi. With mere heresay alone they allowed a radical leftwing neoliberal professor to cast completly unfounded accussations
Im waiting for the media to introduce the new term for consolidating the abrahamic religions into one catch phrase.	Judeoislamic christianity.
@TOOAJoyce @___plsnobanpls The jews were accussed of poisoning the water numerous times throughout history in multiple nations.  Ever looked into who brought the fluoridation of our water.  Fluoride is the most carcinogenic substance known. Prior to fluoridation of our water it was used as a varmint poison
@blaircottrell89 @Arthur87270207 They are two different tools for totally different purposes. Only an armed man is a free man.
@blaircottrell89 @AndrewQuackson Drug abuse results from a societies surrender of morality to the secular atheist nihilist devils.
Evangelicals really fell hard for the term judeo-christian because they might as well be Jews themselves.They've been slowly twisted and turned from the Gospels of Jesus and lured back under the law of the talmud. Evangelicals have aided israel in robbing us of a trillion dollars
@RevengeKween Eventually negros are going to wear out their welcome with the majority as they have with those who understand the consequences of miscegenation and demographic usurpation..
The current mob attack upon Senator Cruz and his wife, is evidence of the insincerity and immorality of the left" Lets not forget just a few years ago bullying was the biggest issue under the sun in the minds of neoliberals.
@EthnoStatesNow The rest of the world has benefited from the most innovative people on Earth. We do our race great harm by allowing integration..  its all but destroyed our public educational system.
@blaircottrell89 Christians that tolerate sodomy in their society will be destroyed just as Sodom and Gomorrah were.
The term judeo christian is one of the most devious new age propaganda terms currently in use. Real Christians are diametric opposites to jews. Jesus in Revelations declares them the synogogue of satan. The children of the devil. The assadsins of the prophets and the saints. Ect.
Sing it with me.		 "Mama don't let your babies grow up to be transvestites"
@ronda_cureton @CarolineBarlow @805LASH @RealCandaceO @Harriettedm 47% of cases are deemed to be false accusations.  Its big money in big cities to accusse men of sexual misconduct. So many innocent men have paid just to avoid the hasdle of fighting it . Kinda how corrupt cops know that many folks will just pay an illegit ticket to avoid court.
@CarolineBarlow @805LASH @RealCandaceO @Harriettedm I knew a girl that lost her viginity to her boyfriend. Her jealous older sister found out and told mom. She was furious and forced the girl to claim that she didnt want to do it .The mom pressed charges against the boy who was the same age.There are many reasons for girls to lie
@RealCandaceO Same thing with affirmative action. The enemy of freedom doesnt want justice. They want racism to survive. If whites wont continue to support it then theyll empower those that will.
The Hollywood Jewish saboteurs  are at it again with their new CBS FBI series. Of course its focus is on creating a false image of a white supremacist trying to start a race war and blow up people and commit acts of terrorism. It's anti-christ anti-white hatred on full display
@CrispyCreamMan The guy has alot to learn.
@RussiaBot9000 I told my son that joining the military was no longer an option. I made it clear that the military is  fighting for the agendas of jewish bankers instead of the American Constitution.
@1776Stonewall Why werent they protesting Keith Ellison. He has been accussed with actual evidence and witnesses.
@StefanMolyneux The satanic whores on the left cant comprhend virginity or virtue. What kind of 15 yr. Old girl is drinking and partying by herself at that age? A girl with problems at home.
Sooner then later, all of the Anglo-Saxon males that are constantly hated, used, disrespected and taken for granted in our society are going to stop volunteering for the armed services.
@StefanMolyneux I agree. I resolved long ago to pursue the truth .  However one ought to "never cast his pearls before swine."
@___plsnobanpls Whenever women have political power emotions will overtake reason.
@tambid1 @RaychelTania The TRANSFER AGREEMENT that was made between the International Jewish Congress and Germany. Germany agreed to pay to repatriate the jews to Palestine, provide funding and assisstance to build homes ,schools and admin buildings.
I support the Republican Freedom caucus
F- the me2 movement
@RevengeKween The jews kept the talmud secret,under penalty of death, to any jew who revealed it to a gentile. This lasted thousands of years. It was only revealed in the past century to English speaking peoples. The satanic bible, also written by a jew, isnt as hateful, wicked and violent
The U.S. Constitution was officially usurped by the act of 1871. Every since then its been a slow and steady transition away from our Founding principles and American heritage. The current displacement of the Anglo Saxon race is the final nail in the coffin of a zombie republic
@blaircottrell89 @Arthur87270207 Physical strength fades and does not equate to superiority..monkeys are stronger then humans. In fact a primary principle in martial arts like Judo, is using your opponents strength against them.. Intelligence and cunning are the most advantageous attributes to be endowed with.
The democratic socialists of america will someday soon find themselves interned in camp FEMA ,where they belong.
If Trump refuses to declassify the documents and submits to the doj then his presidency is on its way down the drain
@USANEWS007 @CharlieMcGreg14 She knows that shed be guilty of perjury.
@Nature_and_Race America's founding fathers original intent was that America would be a Melting Pot for all the different white cultures to strengthen the white race and give us a true Homeland on the face of the Earth
Portugal has proven that freedom, and education has done more to reduce the total number of drug users. Portugal experienced more then a 50% reduction in total numbers of addicts and an astronomical reduction in overdoses and deaths.
@blaircottrell89 Firearms help provide a state of equality. Otherwise the strongest take ehatever they want.
In general i would never employ someone with a degree in  the liberal arts and humanities. Theyve been mentally contaminated and programmed with so many lies. I'd much rather employ someone who has no college degree. Someone who's cup has not yet been overfilled with poison.
@HillestadNils @DianaFry18 She has no business in the Senate.
Women should abstain from politics and combat.
@IngrahamAngle Giving in to radicals is not an option. If republican leaders,are too scared. Then we need new leaders . Beware that there are malevolent people all throughout our govt. And of course the shadow govt. Is an UNCONSTITUTIONAL viper waiting to strije.
@TheElusiveFox64 Every single democrat that maliciously attempted to malign and defame  Brett Kavanaugh, has violated his  "presumption of innocence" This proves them to be unfit for public office and they are all guilty of violating their Oath's of office.
@TheElusiveFox64 Its not possible for any republican in D.C. to be ignprant of who the democrats are. Theyre either a part of the controlled opposition or scared. Democrats are with the deep state. Shooting JFK and Reagan sent a message that if they can kill a president they can kill anyone
@SweetKat111 The jews hate Russia, Germany and America. They want to pit these white christian nations against each other.
President Trump better start performing more as a strong president, rather than worrying about the political opposition. There is a whole lot more important issues then african and latino unemployment numbers.
If Trump fails to cut Rosenstein loose, something is really suspicious. Further why hasnt Sessions called for a special counsel to investigate the DOJ and FBI corruption.
Under the statute in Maryland what Ford is accussing Kavanaugh of does not meet the standard of attempted rape. So to keep calling it attempted rape is false. Her allegations are at most sexual harrassment.
@Sniper64286433 @DianaFry18 You can put a monkey in a three piece suit, but its still just a monkey.
@Sniper64286433 @DianaFry18 They claim to hate the white man and cry and whine all the time about the white man but then they do everything in their power to prevent us from breaking loose from them they're nothing but dead weight they're bringing our race down and if we don't get away from them well perish
Liberal professor Ford, does not deserve to be heard by the Senate Judiciary committee. Her accusations are unsubstantiated. There are no witnesses or evidence. Her accusations would be inadmissible in a  court of law. Its a violation of Kavanaugh's Right to be presumed innocent
@RealMayorLondon @andrewdavidcleg @MailOnline Theyre taking a play from the jews. That have convinced many that judaism is a race. At best the centuries of inbreeding have only produced a subset but not an actual race.
@andrewdavidcleg @HUMPTYSCRUMPTY @MailOnline Muslims will amass political power until theyve subjugated the original people. Its foolish to allow muslims to enter our societies. I hope soon that a revolt will force them back out of Europe and America.
@SandraTXAS @anonwulfhund Democrats are domestic enemies of the Constitution. They fear a justice that will uphold both the letter and spirit of the Constitution.
@kelseyjharkness @anonwulfhund It is virtuous character for Brett Kavanaugh to have exercised the discipline necessary to be the best in his class . Its shocking to so many Americans that have grown accustomed to adultery and fornication .
@TheElusiveFox64 Israel steals more than all other nations combined.
America has 22 million illegal aliens to deport. The very reason that  working wages have been stagnant for the past 25 years is due to the invasion of illegal aliens.  Wages will double for the American worker once illegal aliens are deported.
The latest attacks on Brett Kavanaugh make many Americans totally disgusted with the democrat party.
@1776Stonewall Something has really changed with Napolitano. Its like his moral compass jas been completely reversed.
Russia was nothing more then a "scapegoat" for the DOJ, Obama, DNC, and the Clintons..
After all of the false accusations and bogus investigations into Russia, it should be expected that the Democrats would get accustomed to witch hunts.
@UsaStanding @lerae4428 She likely eats little helpless children.
Kavanaugh is the only true victim in the recent smear campaign waged by unpatriotic democrats. https://t.co/bAkxnwOE7H
@RevengeKween The jewish mafia has had control over our entire monetary system since 1913
@SaraCarterDC @realDonaldTrump He must go.
@TheElusiveFox64 As long as the zionist mafia has as monopoly over the American monetary system via the federal reserve, it will be in vain to form a new party. The republican party for the most part is controlled opposition. America needs another war of 1812 to get rid of their central bank.
@___plsnobanpls The holocaust muesem is a propaganda theme park.
After the Fort Hood shooting I can no longer approve of my son joining the United States military. The federal government has recruited Muslim extremists to high ranking positions in our military. Compromising our national security and, placing us all in unecrssary danger.
@MarkEbner59 @DLoesch Whenever there are no witnesses or evidence to corroborate the accusations. Its called heresay and since its iadmissable ,her testimony wouldnt be allowed in front of a jury. This is why we have the sacred principle of presumption of innocense. Kavanaugh is the only victim i see.
@DLoesch The democrats have grown accustomed to their witch hunts.. They have no virtue or morality.
@whitejuche @CrispyCreamMan Consetvatives or patriots must soon acknowledge and accept that the democrat party and the neoliberal radical left are not just the political opposition, anymore but have truly become serious domestic enemies of the Constitution and our entire capitalist American system.
The old Soviet Union used to use the tactic of controlling the TV stations and media  to support or destroy a candidate. They called it 'controlling the cultural mind"
I question the patriotism of evangelicals considering their obsession with the nation state of Israel.They claim to be Christians but their behavior and beliefs makes them appear more like Jews.They tend to focus more on material gain then spreading the gospel and words of Jesus.
Neoliberals need to comprehend the fact that an accussation,, is not a form of evidence or proof of a crime. The predudicial bias of neoliberals compels them to make claims of guilt or innocence before they've even heard the facts pertaining to the case. .
Neoliberals are so void of any morality or virtue, that they are incapable of comprehending the fundamental principles of freedom, such as the sanctity of the presumption of innocense.
Ford's accussations are unsubstantiated. No evidence or witnesses. No specific dates or locations. This is a very despicable attempt to defame the reputation of a nominee in an effort to derail the nomination. She is a Trump hating pussyhat wearing radical leftist professor
@realTylerZed @SpacemanCalvin They did the same against Trump...what happened to all of those women that suddenly came out all on the same day accussing Trump? Nothing because it was all just to give the leftwing media something to defame Trump with, hoping to skew the election. Now its over they disappear.
@DanielN0705 @w_terrence Thats hilarious..Pythagoras was doung algebraic equations thousands of years before moors existed. Sumeria and India also had algebra and pre dated Pythagoras
@RWMartin63 @w_terrence Egypt may be in Africa, but it was originally a caucasian society. DNA tests of Ramses 2 revealed this. Its absurd to claim blacks built advanced pyramids  Nubians (blacks) were prohibited by death from entering into the northern kingdom. Black Africans were only taken as slaves
@w_terrence Maybe we should just give them degrees like we do everything else? Theyre so used to welfare and handouts that we cant expect anything else from them.
The democrat party has once again become domestic enemies of the Constitution. Aside from their racist hateful attacks on republican senators, the dems failed to uphold the right to presumtion of innocense. The democrats are not patriots but are domestic enemies. https://t.co/mGOCZpc7c3
@DonaldJTrumpJr If its not political why did she only send her letter to democrats.? Why has she hired prominent democrat operatives and attorneys? She is a pussy hat wearing radical leftwing professor with Trump derangement syndrome.
Bill Maher is  racist and hateful
@CrispyCreamMan College has become more of an social experience for most "students,",rather then an institution of higher learning .. For the domestic enemis of American freedom campuses are indoctrination centers for radical leftwing ideology.
@marklevinshow How self centered can a people possibly be?t. Mostly Europeans died during WW2 What about the Bolshevik Russian jews. What about the genocide of 60 million in the Ukraine.  What kind of term is holocaust denial. The jews wouldnt be  opposed to freespeech if it were true.
The social privilege of affirmative action enables unqualified persons to obtain enployment that they are not qualified or competent to perfgorm. This will put our lives at risk from malpractise and lower standards. No longer are people advanced for the merit of their actions.
Eventually affirmative action could  be used to give unfair advantages in elections to so called minorities. Imagine that a party nominates a candidate only to be denied victory for a losing candidate because of their psuedo minority staus privilege.
All patriots ought to avoid watching, atttending, participating in or supporting the NFL, and all other pro sports until our nation is secure and our house is in order.
@ramzpaul People are generally happier whenever the majority can agree on certain gender roles. I think women in general should avoid combat and by extension politics. Our society ,absent some renaissance, is dissolving in front of our eyes. The question is what to build up from the ashes?
Unfortunately so many people have become too intellectually lazy to concern themselves with the facts on any given issue. Rather than thinking critically ,they've just thrown in their lot with the group that they feel they can identify with.
@ChuckGrassley The most obvious delay tactics. The dems failed to delay the nomination with all of their subpoena requests in judiciary committee. So they want to use their last option to delay with unfounded accusations 35 yrs old. Dont let them get away with this or else theyll keep doung it
@MarkACollett Britains should revolt. Or else they are going to finish perishing from the face of the Earth forever.
Senate Republicans cannot let the Democrats get away with using false accusations and billying tactics to delay the nomination process. It will set a horrible prescedent. They've already gotten away with defaming our candidates several times prior to this. It stops here and now
@IngrahamAngle @SenateMajLdr Unaccaptable. It feels like were being held hostage by terrorists. These accudations do not warrant all of the concessions already made.
@StefanMolyneux Hypocrisy on parade!!!!!
@usminority @anonwulfhund @BuzzPatterson Walkaway is smart..To run away os even wiser. The democrat party will use anyone as a pawn to achieve their ends. Remember Seth Rich?
Micheal Hayden, on t.v., recently ordered intelligence agents to disobey the Presidents orders and or requests. This attempt to subvert the President, warrants the President to revoke his security clearences immediately.
In order to preserve the presumption of innocence, the accussed shall not participate in any attempt to prove their own innocence. The burden of proof rests solely upon the accuser to present evidence and witnesses to support their claim. Without evidence claims must be dismissed
At this point Democrats have used defamatory false allegations against their male political opponents so frequently, that even a fool can see the  pattern of unethical partisan politics.
The founding fathers had ait correct when they stated that " no man that has the power to endanger the public's Liberty is beyond reproach." Another way to say that is anyone that has power in government is not above politics.
The evidence that has recently been uncovered of DSA marxist activist /operatives undermining and subverting the presidency of the United States gives credit to Donald Trump's prerogative to remove them all from their positions immediately https://t.co/66e3TCXJNG
@DefendEvropa Animals invade Europe, raping and killing.
@RevengeKween Obama raped me when i was just a school boy. I cant hardly eat or sleep anymore. I barely survived after he left me tied up in the trunk of his limousine while he was community organising I could never make up such a story. LBGTQZ should be believed because you know we're gay..
Democrats failed to delay the supreme court nominee with several diffferent subpoena requests in the judiciary committee. Once that delay strategy failed they brought up unfounded unsubstantiated charges of sexual misconduct in order to delay the process until after the midterms
Obviously the president has the full legal authority to the Declassified documents. If not the president then he would have the power
@ramzpaul No they are borrowing money from jews at interest to give to other jews.
@RenderuntoG @CozyIi Use what precious time you have to gain knowledge and wisdom.
@thisislaurat The EU is actually the jew U
The Senate should just push through with the supreme court nomination  and completely disregard the unfounded accusations used to stall and delay the nomination process by a corrupt Democrat party.
@RealMAGASteve 15 year old girl that's drinking and partying can't remember who what where how yeah I really trust her judgement and memory
Women better start rejecting  radical feminists before men start becoming less tolerant and sympathetic.
Conservatives and Republicans are just going to have to get used to the fact that Democrats are going to fight dirty they're going to try to defame and slander every single candidate that we put forth, whether its Trump or Kavanaugh.
Make no mistake about it, Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh is the victim of an old era of falsely accusing men without any evidence of sexual misconduct for political advantage.
@DonaldJTrumpJr Swallwell is bad apple. A man void of any integrity or fidelity to the Constitution. A leftwing enemy of the Republic.
Revoke Michael Hayden's security clearance. He's been a traitor his entire career and an egregious violator of the Fourth Amendment.
Democrats are too stupid to comprhend that there is no such thing as a "free education"  or" free healthcare" .
@charliekirk11 whites are actually the real victims. Just like the fact that whites are the global minority amongst the three root races. There are more blacks and more asians than whites worldwide. Our enemies are working hard to make us minorities in the few small nations we call home
If Democrats were smart theyd  extricate themselves from the Socialists that have infected their party and sabotage the leftist in this year's midterms.
@Rahj685A @IngrahamAngle It was democrat Senator Joe Biden that made the rule that if there is a Presidential election taking place with only one year or less left, then there shall not be a cobfirmation hearing until after the election. Now the shoe is on the other foot. But democrats have no integrity.
@JuMiKelly @IngrahamAngle Hold to Monday
@IngrahamAngle Next thing you know we'll be having 6th graders dictate foreign policy to us
One race is known to rape, assault and steal.	Another is known for infiltration, subversion, and usury.	And yet another race is like a cowardly lion that contiinues to allow members of other races to committ their grievious crimes out of fear of being called names.
@JDGed11 @JLPtalk Your absolutely dead wrong. The Jews are the masters.They own the federal reserve banks. Giving them control over anyone and everyone that can be bribed or threatened. They buy both political parties. The media,hollywood, newspapers, books,education ,law schools, The deep state.
It's about time black men started showing some concern for their white brothers!!!!!! https://t.co/3GPgJkEdv9
@DLoesch It just reveals the base and emotionally immature characters that the leftwing radical is.
Bush and his cronies got to be  exclusive no bid war profiteers.. The Clintons got to operate the greatest Charity fraud in world history That's the deal between the two crime families. There are so many involved that have been corrupted. The DOJ is the rock they are hiding under
@joesobranquotes @flamingoart Don't blame Jesus bring the infiltration into version of the church Jesus whipped the money changers and ran them out of the Temple he wasn't no coward
@RealMAGASteve Brennan is a traitor and must be prosecuted and given the full hammer of justice.
@TheElusiveFox64 A parasite has to have a host. This is the real readon that some joos dont want to have to return to israel.
@livingforjc I find it interesting that if Jesus were truly in communication with the hearts and souls of christians. Then why are there so many different denominations. There are more disputes and disagreements about scripture. Whats right or wrong? Just doesnt exemplify unity of spirit.
@1776Stonewall He really is the face of leftwing liberalism. Grotesque, dumb ,and nasty
@Nature_and_Race @thisislaurat Theyll criminalize WHITE resistence before they treat it with as n ounce of compassion, such as declaring it a mental disorder.
@IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump Its sad that Ivanka does not comprehend or fully appreciate Jesus and the New Testement.
@realDonaldTrump Congress gave it all away to Israel. ISRAEL has used AIPAC to extort hundreds of billions of dollars from Anericans. More then all other nations COMBINED. Then they use this money to buy the elections of law makers that will give the m even more money. A circle of corruption.
@dbongino The presumption of innocence means that a person has the right to be free from any burden or requirement to prove their innocence. The burden of proof rests solely and entirely upon the accuser to present evidence and or Witnesses to prove their claims.
40% of all college campuses in the U.S. have speech codes that prohibit freedom of speech. Any speech that offends another person is prohibited. Universities have been weaponized against the Bill of Rights and freedom. Particularly those with college degrees in the humanities.
Now that women are competing with men in the  workplace, it becomes a feasible concern that certain ambitious women could accuse men that she is in competition with of sexual misconduct ,in order to usurp their position in the corporation.
I know of No Greater leap of faith then the belief that all of creation originated from nothing exploding into everything in a big bang
@Gwnyned @Nature_and_Race The jews are always at the center of ,or hidden in the shadows of ,every major world war and conflict. They have been working for centuries toward destroying all nation states in favor of pursuing their global world domination where they are the masters over the whole Earth.
@Gwnyned A n intelligent woman that is beautiful inside and out. Is a rare treadure.
@Gwnyned True beauty
@Nature_and_Race The white race needs to form a new nation
Democrats feign outrage over unfounded accusations that took place 35 years ago at a highschool party. However they seem not to care that Keith Ellison, the DNC vice chairman was just accussed of recently sexually abusing a woman. There are witnesses and evidence against Ellison.
@AlexJMcNabb @westland_will It's not a coincidence that we find the joos in every preschool and Nexus to where they can influence our children and youth
The presumption of innocence means that an individual shall not have to prove themselves to be innocent. The burden of proof rests solely upon the accuser to provide evidence and or witnesses to support accusations. Anyone accussed of a crime has a right to confront the accusser
@ramzpaul Considering that she is a pussy hat wearing liberal activist professor and the fact that she can tell us where or when the alleged incident occurred or provide any corroborating evidence or witnesses at all  This is the epitome of a political assassination.
How many women make false accusations of sexual misconduct against men just to get easy money. Facts be damned. Since the degenerates of our society claim that every single woman that accusses a man of sexual misconduct ought to be believed, regardless if there is any evidence.
All the sudden gender matters to Democrats when it comes to them using women as victims in order to promulgate their Marxist ideology
@PollingAmerica Only those that dont honor the sanctity of the presumption of innocence could condemn someone before theyve even heard the facts pertaining to the case.
The presumption of innocence is our American heritage https://t.co/b5Xl2gtVGI
Fake news , like all other propaganda operations are playing the odds that only a small percentage will ever become aware of the corrections.   The New York Times issues major correction to Kavanaugh sexual assault story https://t.co/edFqqDCl6h
@RevengeKween Her claims are so unsubstanitiated by any evidence or witnesses. She cant remember when or where it occurred. Cant even remember what year it is. Its like they designed these accussations so that their is no way to disprove them.
@ramzpaul Especially a drunk teenage girl and a 17 yr old prep school boy.
@JMcfeels I can't wait to see how liberals react when Donald Trump gets to replace her
It's appalling how much credence they've given to this liberal doctor Ford ,when her accusations have not been substantiated or cooberated with any evidence or witnesses whatsoever. She can't remember where , when ,or even able to provide the year the incident supposedly occurred
President Trump has been the nost effective President in contemporary history. https://t.co/BzkS8KirRS
Americans in general don't understand the presumption of innocence. It means that the accuser has 100% of the burden of proof. Accussations without providing any evidence or witness'is defamation and shall be considered unfounded..
@ahernandez2bak @LouDobbs @JudgeJeanine @realDonaldTrump @SenatorBurr @TomPerez @PhilipRucker @KamalaHarris If your objective was to stall a nomination past midterm elections. It makes perfect sense politically.. With false accusations of an alleged crime with an accusser that doesnt know where  or when it took place.
@LouDobbs @JudgeJeanine @realDonaldTrump The democrats have becone domestic enemies of the Constitution.
There's no doubt in my mind that these are leftists making these calls in order to create a narrative that she's being harassed. https://t.co/scseCMM08Q
Democrats have no morals or ethics to prevent them from devising the most convoluted criminal conspiracies in service of their lust for power. https://t.co/mN7e66K9y5
Democrats refuse to honor the American principle of the 	[Presumption of Innocence] Theyre attempting to convict a man based on hearsay alone , without any facts or evidence whatsoever. No one shall be forced to prove that they are innocent.The burden is solely upon the accusser
@DonaldJTrumpJr Fake news
Americans should get behind a new pro-sports and Hollywood tax. It's about time these actors and athletes that make a million dollars a month pay their fair share.
Just so happens that the accuser of Brett Kavanaugh , the Supreme Court nominee, is a pro choice pussy hat wearing liberal activist professor!!!
@westland_will The jews claim to be our ally while they bleed our nation to death with their foreign wars for greater israhell.  They use aipac to bleed our treasury out. Israhell is the enemy of freedom and America.
Brett Kavanaugh's accuser says she cant even remember what year or where the incident allegedly occurred . She was 15 yrs old and was drunk and cant remember how she got to the suppossed party, who else was present, or who took her home? This is obstruction via defamation.
@ramzpaul America survived and thrived primarily because of our AngloSaxon nation.The Constitution was just a necessary settlement that expired in 1865. Now we are just debt slaves forced to deny our own heritage and integrate with the unworthy. We are witnessing the fracturing of the West
@JMcfeels These liberal polls are a waste of time. They know how to get the results thst they want through repetitave sampling.  Then they falsely claim that it represents a ranfom population This is done to demoralize the opposition it done to invoke apathy
An accusation absent of any evidence is only heresay.
@SenBobCorker @lerae4428 @ChuckGrassley Heresay claims dont warrant a hearing..its wrong to give any accusser that has no evidence, witness,or specifics a platform.
@SussexDamsel @TanyaCornfield The only thing most blacks know about slavery is from t.v... They dont research the facts. Because they just want to keep using the" slave card" to avoid personal responsibility
@RealJack @SpacemanCalvin This is obstruction by defamation. The Senate Republicans will look like spineless fools if they let these types of tactics fly...If she doesnt show, then the issue is null.I dont think anyone making tenuous unfounded claims from the far past should warrant a hearing.
Do you honestly believe that the Federal Department of Education is educating our youth to be citizens that have pride and honor for of our Constitution &amp; natural rights? Or are they producing atheistic nihilistic marxist debt slaves.
@JMcfeels The republican party is controlled opposition They will throw the fight as many times as they can. Dont lose hope ..fight hard.. they said Trump was going to lose 2016 and the House and Senate too.temember? All lies and manipulated polls to demoralize and psyche out repubs.
The liberal activist that's accusing Kavanaugh of being too sexually aggressive with her back in high school 40 years ago it's full of s**t and the Senate shouldn't give her a platform to defame and accuse the nominee when she has no evidence or even witness to support her claims
The United States intelligence agencies that have grown up under both the  Bush &amp; Obama administration's present a threat of the greatrst magnitude to the security and freedom of the People.They will try to trick us into war again like IraqTo obstruct justice away from themsrlves
Democrats are freaking out with anxiety anticipating the declassification of top-secret documents that are going to reveal that traitors in the DOJ attempted to carry out a coup against the People &amp; President of the U.S. We must be vigilant for a cornered beast is most dangerous.
Only liberals would dare claim that they believe someone is guilty or innocent even though they haven't even heard the facts relative to the case.The left is comprised of atheistic nihilists that have no genuine morals. Its nothing but partisan politics in search of power to them
The woman accussing Kavanaugh is  a Trump hating pussy hat activist and a leftwing liberal professor from California. She cant remember any details including the year. The one suppossed witness claims he is innocent. No one should be able to make false claims without consequences
Im disgusted by those that keep saying that Kavanaughs accuser ought to be heard and taken seriously. Accussing someone of a crime that happened 40 years ago, in highschool, to delay a Supreme court appointment is despicable. This is a ploy to stop the nomination by partisans.
The latest stunt by democrats to defame Supreme court nominee Brett Kavanaugh, demonstrates how devious and despicable democrats truly are. I do not consider anyone that still considers themsrlves to be a democrat to also be a fellow countrymen. They are all domestic enemies now.
Radical feminists are unpatriotic.
There is no Authority Under the Constitution whatsoever for secret courts. Any secret court, for any reason ,threatens the freedom and security of each and every single American.
The radical left is not going to rest until it has destroyed the Constitution and erased our history and the heritage that our Founding Fathers gave us. The left intends to remake America into a socialist third world nation, with the American people destitute and subjugated.
The female falsely accusing Brett Kavanaugh of sexual misconduct in high school 40 yrs ago, just also happens to be a radical left-wing pussyhat wearing activist
Without the Electoral College a State like California could falsely inflate its voter rolls to steal an election. This is why a Census is used before the election and  each State is then given the electoral college votes consistent with the number of citizens in that state.
The Electoral College is very important and ingenious. It was instituted to prevent one or more States from cheating the rest of the other States by falsely inflating voter rolls. The Census is used to allocate the correct number of representatives  to Congress and elections.
@barrylyndonjr @Nature_and_Race The Jews are babylon on wheels. White Americans are the true Israel
@Nature_and_Race They claim that god gave them Israel, its in the bible(?) Beware  the talmud makes the claim that the whole Earth and all therein is also their birthright. All gentiles, which are said to be less than insects,  will either be slaves or be put to death.
If women are naturally equal to men. Then why are men virtually the only ones in society accussed of sexual misconduct?
Supreme Court nominee Brett Cavanaugh has been accussed of being a white supremacist, after his former preschool principle claimed hat he threw his racist white milk all over his black preschool teacher during recess.
@matt_urban1a You mean the same pollsters that had him losing virtually every poll in 2016? They know how to manipulate polling to the extent that it becomes a mere tool for the media to be used to demoralize the voting base of their opposition and to try to" psyche out" their adversaries.
@usacsmret Were not going to tolerate being debt slaves for zionis tyrants any onger. Let the Great Awakening continue.
@TOOEdit @Blanco16El Im disheartened for anglo saxon and Nordic nations. Theyve lost their ethnic solidarity and allowed for that old ancient enemy of all humanity and nature to infiltrate and subvert the nations bestowed unto them by the blood, tears and toil of their anscestprs.
@SpectatorTM @GirloftheWade They never discuss or define what semitism is. Lets be real the jews control popular culture. Every commercial, movie, paper, magazine ,school book, political campaign is influenced by the narrative that theyve programned into all of Western society for generation's .
@charliekirk11 Tired of hearing about the japanese internment canps.There were thousands of jap spys in America at the time. They were responsible for pearl harbor sneak attack and other plans for the mainland. Also Italian and Germans were also interned. Don't they deserve your considerations?
@JMcfeels @realDonaldTrump Its amazing that a guy named Flake could be elected to the Senate. How anyone could be surprised that he would be an actual FLAKE  is laughable.I assume his family earned that surname for good reason.
@RevengeKween It reveals the democrats for the marxist atheists that they are.
@westland_will The Republic is gone and the corpiration that poses as our govt. Does not adhere to either the letter or spirit of the Constitution. No Anerican is secure in their Rights from the federal gov. Zionist bankers occupy &amp;control the monetary system via their federal reaerve monopoly.
@___nobanpls They are marching towards world domination. If they can just get the U.S. and Russia to become enemies again and assure their mutual destruction. The jews control the Western nations via their central banking monopilies. Ending their bank is how Germany went from famine to feast
Only fools would continue to  reelect the same public servants over and over again, and expect for circumstances or anything at all to change .
Many of the States Clinton won like Hawaii, New Hampshire., Deleware, Rhode Island, Connecticut . And Nevada ect.,are some of the least populated States in the nation. Trump won 33 States + the1st District of Maine.
The only way Cinton couldve won the popular vote while only winning 16 States ,is by ilegal aliens illegally voting in santuary States lke Cali. Nearly half of the States that Clinton won,  were some of pur smallest least populated States in the nation.  https://t.co/ZPaZ9HWl0e
@kaas_media @ramzpaul Did you know that tens of thousands of jews served in the German Army. Holding the highest ranks including Generals and field marshall?  The nazi sought to eliminate the violent bolshevik communists which were led and comprised mainly of jews which is why they were interned.
@kaas_media @ramzpaul I used to think Hitler &amp; " nazis"waere evil incarnate. In my pursuit of objective truth, I could not believe the extent and magnitude of allied propaganda. Of course no tweet can do WW2 justice.The West has been saturated in fake news for generations now. We are in perpetual war.
The clintons have been practicing disaster relief charity fraud much like the bushes have been participating in war profiteering. Either way the American people are the ones being manipulated and abused
@RealCandaceO "A fear of firearms ,is a symptom of emotional immaturity. " Sigmund Freud. The delusion of victimhood by individuals that have no justification for their claims, is also indicative of emotional immaturity.Pop culture encourages arrested development and emotional immaturity.
America is not the home for or of islam .Day of reckoning on the horizon. https://t.co/Mv8ikyO9JJ
Dianne Feinstein's anonymous letter that she sent to the FBI accusing Supreme Court Justice nominee Brett Kavanaugh of sexual misconduct back when he was in high school.This is a perfect example of defamation of character.This is why Americans have a right to confront an accuser
@RevengeKween I commend you for doing your own objective research. I too once believed that Hitler and the Nazis were evil incarnate, however after doing my own objective research I found that most of what we were taught about WWII was nothing but Allied &amp; communist propaganda.I want the truth
Biblical scholars have to explain how the decendents of Noah can possibly account for the formation of all of the different and distinct races on Earth Considering that Noah was confirmed to be perfect in his generations ( genetically)and to have a pale or bone white countenance.
@westland_will The solution to the jewish question was never genocide. Jews and Germans delegated together the TRANSFER AGREEMENT. This law repatriated Jews to Palestine. Germany paid to build homes ,schools, hospitols ect. The jews that ended up in prison camps were terrorists and criminals
Give credit where its due....genetic engineering along with nanotechand A.I., have the potential to eliminate death from disease and aging... A look inside Chan Zuckerberg, the philanthropic project funded by billions in Facebook stock sales https://t.co/dMfPgif7R9
@TOOEdit The only reason that multiculturalism has yet to fail in the United States is because the federal government applies force and threat of violence in order  to force the people to integrate even though it's destroying the fabric of our society.
@QuasiAnon @adamjsims @ramzpaul A top expert on Cremation claimed that the incenerators in the camps were used to burn biohazzard materials like clothes, shoes and hair. It would've taken decades to cremate 6000000 bodies that's nonstop 24/7-365 and there wouldve been teeth and bone frags leftover as evidence
@kaas_media @ramzpaul There absolutely were no gas chambers. Independent scientists went there to prove gas chambers existed, only to discover that not only were there no gas chambers but that it was physically impossible. Zyklon was a deloucer used to prevent diseases just like we do in U.S. prisons
@ramzpaul Hitler is a perfect "litmus test" if you want to discover a persons intellectual honesty and or intellectual vigilance. One has to have the experience to be able to objectively pursue the truth through the "fog of war &amp; allied propaganda" Fake news was in full effect during WW2
The radical left &amp; the media is going to try every nasty trick in their book in effort  to stop Jim Jordan from becoming the Speaker of the House.They know that Jim Jordan as the new Speaker will enable conservatives to truly begin passing patriotic legislation for our country https://t.co/wmYaJQu9Je
@___nobanpls Thanks for the heads up. I thought the only way to fend off Those talmuddy Vampires was with the stake through the heart
John Kerry's visit to Iran was under the pretense of polity  which along with Obama's unprecedented and unpresidential campaigning and sabotaging against the sitting President. Confirms that the radical demoocrats are operating an illegal shadow government of DOMESTIC ENEMIES.!
@FiveRights @JacaCountry Its because its vecome too close to home and there are too many similarities with contemporary society. The less people that read 1984 the better for the enemy of all humanity and nature.
@Worldchampsx2 Do you understand the difference between natural immunity and aquired immunity? The Amish has thrived without vaccines. Unlike the U.S. which has an epidemic of developmental disorders caused by the 80+ vaccines given to children by the age of 2. Most docs dont vax their own kids
Parents that fail to educate and train their children on firearm safety are placing their children at a greater risk of being injured from an accident. Kids that are trained will always know what to do. Other kids taught that guns are taboo are the ones that get hurt most often.
America has appropriated 50 billion dollars for Puerto Rico Aid and they still have the nerve to disrespect and criticize our President. America should just stop giving Aid to all of the welfare nations. America is not the mommy and daddy of the whole world
@KurtSchlichter @Blanco16El This is exactly why the founders empowered American citizens under the law to confront their accusers as of right
@1776Stonewall The left has made a habit of accussing all  prominent conservatives of some sort of sexual offense that allegedlly took place so long ago that it becomes impossible to prove or disprove but creates enough controversy and media attention that they hope itll injure the victim
America AID got caught trying to use Cuban rappers 2 foment social change and overthrow the Cuban government. They weaponized the music industry decades ago in America to effect desired social change. One of the first goals was to pull generations of youth away from christianity
@BlackSunDiz @Outsider__14 Its due to an inconsistent application of philosophy to the law
Innocent Americans ,including children, have been either killed or injured in one of the  80,000 annual SWAT team raids that are conducted each year in the United States.Our so called public servants are more concerned about protecting illegal aliens that are invading  our border
@DonaldJTrumpJr @UnrealRonBrown Just think how disabled patriots feel. That barely get a fraction of that amount to live on all year. Despite all that theyve done for this country. A sane people wpuld demand more responsibility from govt., but the deep state thinks theyve got the people over a barrel.
@JMcfeels @girl4trump Democrats have no ethics. Its only partisan power politics. This is why they tend to follow the trends of the day, rather then being principled. Gillibrand absolutely did endorse abolishing ICE and now she realizes that she sealed her fate. Her opponent needs to remind the voters
@Olkoth_Awoken @BabeReflex_8 @getongab They lust to fullfill the machinations of global dominion that their talmud promises them. The average ju can plausibly deny having any knowledge of the talmud's hateful teachings but the talmud sublimates from the rabbis into the entire  community.
@MarkACollett Is it???
Ever heard of the Senior Executive Service? It is the Deep State..Obama appointed 7 thousand of them. Our elected officials only have the appearence of being in control. This is why the JFK files are still  being concealed This is a grave threat to the security of all Americans.
@ivorytrace @JMcfeels Ignorance is not blisd
@WillDe_Poz @JMcfeels Those with the greatest capacity to love also have the greatest capacity to hate
@JMcfeels @sakkoira I dont get upset with those that strongly disagree with me when i reveal hidden or unknown facts to them because more often then not, they will research and confirm what i revealed to them . Next time I see them . Theyve acknowledged the truth for themselves.
Any American citizen caught aiding, assisting or employing an illegal alien for any reason, at any time. Ought to be arrested and prosecuted alongside the illegal alien.
@GlenyaAnthony @meMikeG70 STOP giving credence to manipulated polls. This is a psychological tactic. The media did the same exact thing in 2016.Every poll showed Trump losing.Remember the media was saying the democrats were also going to take the House &amp; Senate .They want to demoralize us and create doubt
Republicans unite and fight for the right
@ActivePatriots @achievechange Thats the most pathetic incentive ive ever heard offered in order to possibly influence  the minds of Vrits.
RT @DefendEvropa: Retweet if you stand with Viktor Orbán against the European Parliament!		#WeStandWithOrban	#WeStandWithHungary https://t.…
One can not be atctively seeking to destroy the American patriarchy, and at the same time call yourself an American  patriot
Globalism seeks to bring American down to the level of Mexico. Globalism has weakened our prosperity and threatens our peace " commerce with all nations, alliances with none, ought to be our motto." Thomas Jefferson.  The late great American patriot is right again.
@SaveWhitesInZA @Nature_and_Race The bible is a powerful weapon in their arsenal.because theyve convinced lesser minds that they ARE THE CHOSEN ONES. This exclusive assertion at the root of their philosophy lets me know that their god is evil. Jesus accussed them of being wicked in Revelations 6:9
@Nature_and_Race The power of hollywood and the influence of social media continue to go virtually unchecked.   There needs to be an alternative version of hollywood . Where whites can make and employ pro white media.
The Dalai Lama has a great independent perspective regardibg this issue. I recently tweeted that Ethbonationalism is the wisest sociopolitical ppsition to support and allows organic culture to flourish and promotes global peace amongst the different ethnic nations  of the Earth. https://t.co/SMwRCBH6MA
America needs to treat communist China as the adversary that it truly is. If not , China will be the nation to violently force a communist global dictatorship on the planet. Now is the time to take China's military power out for good. Many Chinese want freedom more then anything.
@Olkoth_Awoken @BabeReflex_8 @getongab That would be a plausible theory However  the jews have a long history of hatred for Russia. Much like they do for Germany.The murder of the Czar and his whole family for example. They only ceased their hatred for Russia for the short period after their bolshevik revolution.
If liberals were truly sincere about their concerns for voter ID laws that some of the poorest people don't have the ability to get an ID in order to exercise their rights Then the same would apply to the Second Amendment Americans should be able to purchase firearm without an ID
The french need to break out the guilotine again. Its inevitable now.. https://t.co/RoKBniy9wj
How can the Supreme Court serve in the purpose of Justice if it's become a partisan political body? The Founders explicity wanted to avoid this from occurring. Only jurists that flawlessly uphold the letter &amp; spirit of the Constitution are qualified to serve on any federal court.
@ramzpaul Mans a triune being. Composed of body, mind, and spirit.
@Spkr4theD @WhiteWoman14 Soon the day of reckoning will come. The white knights will ride.
@OlddFashionGirl @offgridguy23 The enemy of the white race has control over all of the govts in the West. Through international monetary banking. Their agenda is to  destroy all Western nations and implement a one world system . One which they are the undisputed masters. Whites will be enslaved or eliminated
@Alba_Risen jews are a mixture of races. Extensive inbreeding has made them a unique subclass with unique genetic disorders.They tend to envy and despise homogenous caucasian socities and have a long history of infiltrating &amp; subverting every nation thats foolish enough to invite them in
@ShedleyMarvls1 @ramzpaul @realitycalls8 I inderstand that the Talmudists are frauds. They call themselves jews, and thats why i refer to them as such.I was shocked by how hateful ,violent, and wicked the talmud is. Revelation makes it quite clear. They are not of Jesus own but are the children of the devil.
Vaccinations of our young will one day in the future be revealed as one of the weapons of the "quiet war."  Devised to cause as much harm as possible while also making  as much wealth as possible off of an entire nation of victims. Not to kill but to burden a nation with invalids
@Aikens_Josh @PatriotJenn Once the marxist bankers got their monopoly over the monetary system in 1913 . Democrats have had control over the legislative branch for most of the 21st century. The republican party is their controlled opposition of rhinos , with a handful of conservatives in the mix.
@1Romans58 @KatTheHammer1 This guy coons lives up to his family name.
@ShedleyMarvls1 @ramzpaul @realitycalls8 Anyone that practises the talmud is the culprits. I take the jews at their own words.
@ramzpaul Israeli is Americas biggest enemy.
@1776Stonewall Ive noticed that judge Napolitano has changed his tune. Its been difficult, and in some cases lately, impossible for me to resonate with him.
@DefendEvropa It's asinine to add the qualification of hate to violent crimes. All violent crimes by Nature is already hateful. The whole hate qualifier is usually to give harsher sentences to white offenders.
The Deep state has to protect Hillary Clinton. If Hillary goes down she's going to take hundreds of her comrades with her. She wouldnt have been able to run an illegal server at the detriment to our national security without having cover. They will protect Hillary until the end.
"The best defense is a good offense."- Bruce Lee
All media in contemporary Western society is the front line of revolution. Unfortunately the enemy of our Freedom and Sovereingty has a monopoly over corporate media and Hollywood. American patriots are left at a major disadvantage.
The fact that the US Supreme Court is divided upon political lines indicates that it no longer serves the purpose as intended under the Constitution, and should be abolished.
Motherhood ought to hold the highest status and importance in our society. No career could ever produce more benefit for mankind and the world then our mothers.
@flamingoart @LanaLokteff @ramzpaul Which is why we treasure our women and praise our mothers. The worst advice women receive is too put off having children. We need to adopt a much more conducive social structure to promote motherhood over all other careers.
@LanaLokteff They fear the white race will reconstitute its racial solidarity. In their petty selfish hearts they lust for world domination and have had a massive extensive plan to form a world dictatorship under their dominiion. The white race is the only people capable of stopping them
Google, and other techno monopolies absolutely have to be regulated. Otherwise they will continue to conspire to manipulate our electoral process towards their marxist ideations and determine what info people are able to see, and what info they refuse to let people access
@V_of_Europe Its the jews promoting miscegenation in European nations again. Just proves that theyre controlling ALL Western governments via the " purse,strings" of their central banking monopolies.
It's not multiculturalism it's anything but white culture ism
It's not by accident that you never heard the mainstream media praise Representative Steve Scalise for being an American hero ,after he took a bullet from a leftwing gunman and Bernie Sanders campaign worker that was trying to kill republican Congressmen.
Before socialism Venezuela was a major exporter of fruit and other produce. Now the farms are barren and do not produce anything anymore.Venezuela does not export anything anymoreThis is how socialist governments control and keep the masses focussed on survival and not revolution
@Olkoth_Awoken @BabeReflex_8 @getongab The joos are mad at Russia for ending communism.. Now they want to destroy Russia like they do Germany and America.
The cutest little joey! https://t.co/Oiyr9nrZEg
@DLoesch I think you're the most beautiful woman and very intelligent and patriotic and I admire you..Thank you for dedicating your energy to our natural Rights .Only foolish haters cant appreciate your passion and integrity.
@ramzpaul The jews think that theyre going to cowherd Americans and pass hate speech laws, like theyve done in Europe.. If it gets to that point. Then revolution is inevitable. Purges will result and ethnic solidarity will become paramount again.
@ReggieRolland @110neveragain You forgot to consider why everbody else was prohibited from practising usury., except for jews? They didnt want any competition. Jews are prohibited from charging interest to other jews, because they know usury is a predatory process. Yet they do it to others without remorse.
@110neveragain Joos are more hateful and have more problems with their neighbors . The talmud is more wicked and hateful than the satanic bible. Even though both books are written by jooish authors.
With a great big blue six pointed star on top!!!!! https://t.co/chFA45kpkP
@AMPRo1219 No social media sites that operate in the United States for American citizens should be able to violate First Amendment rights of Americans. This is a clear example of violating the freedom of speech of an individual. illegal alien is the lawful definition.
@___nobanpls It's going to be a motherf-ing war before that happens
@110neveragain The Jews are the enemies of freedom of speech worldwide they fear the truth of the daylight as every other vampire does
@___nobanpls Anglo saxon nordics should boycott professional sports and use that time and energy wisely.
American indians suffered from mass deaths due to interactions with whites, but whites didnt suffer from mass diseases like the indians did. It would be reasonable to assume it ought to go both ways, with each race having a specific immunity and susceptibility to local virus
Should our teenage daughters be registering for Selective Service and the draf?t For the sake of equality and everything. Considering all of the demoralizing mutations made to the military I doubt that the U.S. will be able to depend upon an all volunteer military for much longer
@DefendEvropa I love the Dalai Lama
@1776Stonewall Since when is conspiracy theories illegal
40 sq. city blocks with approximately  7,000 homeless persons in just the city of L.A. Living in tents and boxes. Hollywood liberals have no standing to even comment on I.C.E. and or U.S. immigration pollicy because theyll destroy our whole nation the same way if given the chance
@ramzpaul This is the real readon that the Allies tried to eradicate national socialism from the minds of Europeans and the rest of the world because given Germanys great &amp;  rapid success, it was bound to spread far and wide Leaving the old jewish usury monopolies in the dustbin ofvhistory
@Nature_and_Race @6mlg9u Jave some respect for those that use it for medicine because they regard the plant  highly. You may  just want to be grateful that youve not had to suffer with the nausea of having kidney failure and being on dialysis in which it brings some little relief when nothing else does
@the_europeanist @Nature_and_Race Just be informed that some people are so sick and so nauseous that they can't even hold anything down on the stomach and smoking it is the only available form that they can consume the medicine in. Like kidney failure.
@CaptainRon53215 @Nature_and_Race Actually there are patents listed for the neurogenerative properties of vannabis. It has shown to protect against dementia and alzheimers. Itt is a non toxic substance that doesnt kill any brain cells at all. It is much safer than aspirin.
@Nature_and_Race Cannabis was the most widely prescribed medicine up until its prohibition in the 1930's by the liberal democrats."Make the most of the indian hempseed, and sow it everywhere" George Washington "Hemp is the first necessity to the security &amp; wealth of the nation" Thomas Jefferson
@VivaLaParody @Marnssj My point is that without 60 votes in the Senate they can NOT remove the President. Im confident that republicans will keep both houses..Remember they tried to convince us that Trump was going to lose in 2016 ,based on their corrupted polls. Its the same old demoralizing tactics
@AirChimeIns @JMcfeels It's called the TRANSFER AGREEMENT. This was the agreement between Jews and Germany to repatriate Jews to Palestine. Germany paid for it all. This is why they were on the trains. The first ones to get there got the best houses and land. There was no mass genocide of jews in ww2.
@JMcfeels @VictorMace3 How many Abglo Saxon nations have to be destroyed from the subversion of the joos before the nations expel them and close the gates permenantly?
@VivaLaParody @Marnssj They cant impeach without 60 votes in the Senate. So its not something to realistically be concerned about.
I've understood what the FBI is since their heinous massacre in Waco.Also lets not forget Ruby Ridge, where FBI snipers shot a mother in her head while she was breast feeding her baby on her own porch in broad daylight. They also shot her husband and her 12 yr.old son in the back
@RevengeKween Jerw do it....
Sanctuary States like California have to be excluded from future Federal elections....
No one ought to be shocked when sodomites turn the U.S. into another Sodom.
@JooliaGuliaa 95% of public servants that swear an oath to the Constitution have never read it and if they have it's only been a base reading
Rogue Bad actors in the US government imported Muslim terrorists and other enemies into our country in order to destabilize abd destroy the U.S. and establish their unconstitutional police state in America. And pass legislation that threatens our freedom every waking moment
U.S. intelligence agencies have accussed Russians of election interference in order to provide cover for their own rogue agents plotting to deprive Trump of the presidency while protecting Clinton and her gamg of conspirators from prosecution for numerous crimes such as espionage
The fact that U.S. intelligence agencies attempted to undermine our elections,, usurp and bully the President proves beyond any douvt that we need to completely reform our intelligence agencies and the "laws" which they operate under.
@madianfgc @haaaallppp There were no nukes. There would be plenty of evidence left behind. Too much to conceal. The disintegration you referred to was from nano thermite that had been used for demolition. This is why they sent all of the evidence to China. Yet we still recovered evidence of thermite.
@haaaallppp My theory is that the plane that was supposed to hit Building 7 got diverted somehow, and went down in the field in Pennsylvania.There was suppossed to be 3 planes hit 3 buildings.They had no other choice but to pull Building 7 anyway because it was already rigged for demolition.
@CrispyCreamMan @___nobanpls They own more than just the lame stream media They own most of the printing houses. They dominate law schools, academics and education. A person cannot live in the West and completely avoid their propaganda machine. It is very extensive, like none other in the history of mankind.
@___nobanpls The root of global jooish power is within their international financial institutions. In America the root of their power is the federal reserve. The fed is their monopoly over the entire monetary system. It is the foundation of their tyranny &amp; sociopolitical power.
The Rothschild zionists are attempting  to incite war between the United States and Russia, so that they can kill two birds with one stone.
@RepLouBarletta @ChatByCC Illegal aliens reduce wages
@matt_urban1a All of Williams' testosterone got out of control
@Sm2rf This is exactly why people ought to avoid hiring blacks as professionals because they're most likely not qualified in their professions. They have likely had their careers handed to them, Despite the fact that they are likely unqualified
@DaysofPalestine @MarianneEhrn What kind of animal shoots an unarmed boy with his hands in the air
@formerleft @NeverTwain Lgbtq= hell
The democrat party has become a domestic enemy of the Constitution https://t.co/ZBmwQnX8UB
@senorrinhatch Kamila Harris is monkeyibg around with the Senate hearing .
@jav63 @1776Stonewall Uncivilized
@JooliaGuliaa Women should exclude themselves from both politics and combat
@cynthiamckinney The joos own virtually all of the media
Democrats have no morals or ethics, which is why they change their political positions to whatever is beneficial at the time for the democrats advantage. https://t.co/fxQLGrAchB
Oppose net neutrality. Net neutrality is anything but neutral. It allows the government to pick and choose
@___nobanpls They were only able to do this upon the destruction of the Civil War. Thats when they were able to turn all Americans into 16th Amendment debt slaves.
@___nobanpls America's founding fathers considered democracy to be nothing but mob rule, which is why after careful rumination and consideration they instituted aRepublican government.
Israeli mossad perpetuates false flag attacks in Syria in order to foment and incite war between the United States and Russia.
It appears that the left is only anti-war  when America is  fighting a war against communists.
@charliekirk11 Liberals don't want to stop the school shootings because they see it as a pathway to ending the Second Amendment and that's sick
For centuries, in the West, only jews could charge interest on loans. It was portrayed as honorable for christians and muslims to abstain from usury. It was also the law. jews could practise usury on gentiles ruthlessly, but gentiles were prohibited from profitting from usury.
If Democrats actually take over the house in the midterms it's almost certain that the stock market will tank
How could evolution be the origin of highly speacialized organs, for example the eyeball. When the time required for a species to evolve is so long that the new trait would likely not even be a beneficial trait any longer ,given the constant changes in environment?
@WhiteWoman14 The Joos are the enemys of free speech worldwide. They force governments to throw little old ladies in prison if they disagree with the facts pertaining to the holocaust propaganda. Their fear of open debate proves that they fear exposure of the outright lies of the holohoax.
Roe versus Wade essentially resulted with the Supreme Court creating a new Constitutional right unlawfully and completely outside of the ratification process. Protecting life is the paramount obligation of the federal gov. Life begins at conception and only ends at death.
1 Corinthians  6:9  NIV	Or do you not know that wrongdoers will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be deceived: Neither the sexually immoral nor idolaters nor adulterers nor men who have sex with men ...shall inherit the kingdom
Despite the Supreme Court's attempt to create a new Constitutional right outside of the ratification process, there is no Constitutional right to kill an unborn child while still in the womb.
@rubin_kd @MSNBC This type of comment truly reveals the delusions and state of paranoia that neoliberals suffer from. The media ,being composed of neolibs, only excacerbates their mental distress by continuing to push fake news about the object of their hatred and prejudice.
It's now obvious why the Democrat Party chose a jackass to represent them, it's a perfect fit..!!!
@DefendEvropa What is sad is the fact that I'm not even shocked by this horrible crime. I'm still shocked that people will tolerate such abuse rather than eliminating the people in their country that allow for this. In history that's what has always happened.
@LanaLokteff The republican party is controlled opposition. The enemy controls the monetary system and so no amount of money is spared to achieve their agenda. Thus they can afford to spend any amount to achieve heir political objectives. There are several democrats disguised as republicans
If Democrats had integrity or morality they'd be ashamed of themselves for the way that they've been conducting themselves in the last year-and-a-half. The way that neoliberals are obstructing the Senate hearings on the Supreme Court Justice nominee is juvenile and immature
@TheElusiveFox64 It's absurd how we're supposed to deny the distinction between different races.
One of historys examples of how easy it is for so called expert scientists to be fooled . https://t.co/pSUtf8s6rQ
@HeartRightGal @054durin @TheElusiveFox64 A scientific Law only describes a particular natural phenomenon.
At this point we ought to strongly consider downloading the United States Constitution into an AI supercomputer in order to achieve true equality and blind justice. Then Americans could eliminate all the courts and bureaucracy in our government saving us from debt an corruption
Hillary Clinton allowed the Chinese to get all of our classified secrets from the state department. She was warned by security agents in the federal government not to set up the private server and she did it anyway
@quendonian @TheElusiveFox64 @054durin Your prejudicial implication that Im a creationist or religious is incorrect.  Evolutionism reminds me of any other intolerant closed minded religion.Its not only either evolution or biblical. There is more new knowledge to consider such as Holographic Universe for example
@TheElusiveFox64 @054durin The law of entropy. In nature all materials and organisms tend to break down or become disorganized over time. However evolution theory claims that all life and organisms become more organized over time.
@WatcherOnAWall @054durin @TheElusiveFox64 Neanderthals were a unique race of human beings. Life including humans ,have dormant DNA that is triggered and activated by environmental stress. This will express new traits. Similar to metamorphosis These are not mutations or evolutions.The DNA was already present at conception
@TheElusiveFox64 @054durin Not one undisputed transition fossil has ever been found. Alot of fossil fraud has been committed by evolutionists. As for DNA there is more evidence that DNA is an intelligently designed code. Evolution will never be a scientific Law it violates the major  law of entropy.
@jbrownridge @054durin @TheElusiveFox64 Your prejudicial assertions that im religious or that Im not well educated on evolution theory are both incorrect. Im not limited to the thinking that its only evolution or biblical. Weve learned much more about nature in the past century. Evolution will never be a scientific law
@054durin @TheElusiveFox64 Evolution theory violates the Law of Entropy -All matter, material, and organisms become more and more disorganized over time. The Law of BIOGENESIS is also violated. The biology of growth &amp; development is often mistaken and conflated with evolution. Search Holographic Universe
@DDHart52 @054durin @TheElusiveFox64 Evolution  is a disproven theory. Nature becomes more disorganized over time. Which is known as the Law of entropy. Evolution theory violates too many scientific laws to be valid. If it were true it'd be the law of evolution and not only a theory. Evolutionism is like a religion
@054durin @TheElusiveFox64 All of the evidence presented by evolutionists have either been proven fakes or else they are primates with no link to humans.If all life was from the result of evolution there would be overwhelming evidence to PROVE the theory.Evolution VIOLATES the LAW of entropy and biogenesis
@LanaLokteff EthnoNationalism-  The natural Right of all distinct races of People to self determination and the freedom of association. To be free to create and sustain a unique Homeland &amp; Sanctuary for each and every race is the right solution that best promotes peace &amp; social tranquility.
@sutchadoll8 @back61soprano @hrtablaze As I understand it he begged for the job, at the very least he requested to be the A.G.. I
@sutchadoll8 @back61soprano @hrtablaze Actually it does make sense for Jeff sessions to be a traitor. It looks like he was planted early on in the election to ensure that the deep state had the Attorney General's position under the new Trump Administration covered so that they doj could remain protected.
@brithume The DOJ treated Clintons investigation with kid gloves and theyvpersecute the president. Yet only Clinton acrually committed multiple felonies.
@PKsbpdl @Marnssj The left loves to promote these anti patriotic role models. In hopes of creating future generations of insurgents.
It was the Obama Administration that reset Russian sanctions and sold Russia 1/4 of all our uranium but now they want to incite fear and panic over  Russia?
@TheElusiveFox64 Evolution theory can not be proven.for a reason.Mans Creation is still a mystery  Mankind may be the creation of a higher being. Such as an extraterrestrial.  For all we know.The races may have originated with different races trying to cultivate their genetics here on Earth
@FredChrist10 @Interstate_85 The Irish are not a free people ..We Americans prefer the challenges of a free society to the security of a police state anytime.
@EthnoStatesNow They also banned kosher slaughtering for excessive unecessary cruelty to the animal. It really does tell you alot about the jew the way that they slaughter animals.
The emotional mind is prone to fantasy. The rational mind is prone to logic.
Since the Supreme Court claims that universities like Harvard can use race as a a factor in their consideration for admittance why shouldn't race be considered a factor in consideration for many other important relationships like friendship
@AkuraElvas Marcus Garvey ought to be the inspiration for all blacks. The truth is theyre afraid to let go of their sociopolitical death grip that theyve got on white America, but it has to happen.. The zionists need them remain as their political weapons aling with the muslims.
@JohnCooper0610 @Fendi_Gucci_Gal The deep state with democrats have weaponized the IRS they select their targets based on politics.
Gun free zones represent a microcosm of what neoliberals want to turn the entire world into. It's not just a coincidence that criminals &amp; mass Shooters almost always choose gun free zones to commit their heinous crimes because there's no one there to defend against an attack
Whites, just like every other race, have a natural birthright and entitlement to all of the privileges, benefits, and rights within the countries that theyve created.
@ZOG02206609 @ButMuhRussia This is more that proof that fagotry is ruining our country. We won't have to worry about getting destroyed like Sodom and Gomorrah we'll end up destroying ourselves
@ButMuhRussia @FraterRogerus Our military really respects our First Amendment freedom of speech
@DVATW Kind of like how the Anti-Defamation League does nothing but the defame people
@Ethnostatesnow Check out Nigel Stanford Hes got some musical genius i think youll like.https://t.co/xJJrCNNB4h
@AkuraElvas The Lincoln Plan was to repatriate them all back. This truly is the only action that will resolve the issue. If black leaders were smart theyd want to return home with support from the U.S. to transform the African Continent. They could seek to Americanize other African nations
@TOOEdit @realDonaldTrump Meghan really made herself look spiteful and really chanelled her fathers contempt  well.
@Kosher_goy @getongab It is essential that they consistently portray themselves as the victims, and never as the oppressor that they actually are. Take them at their own words. The talmud is quite clear in its sentiments towards gentiles,  or non jews. Tjey are less then insects here only to be slaves
FBI director Comey testified to Congress that Hillary Clinton had lied about the facts pertaining to her emails. She also lied about the number of computers, devices, and  phones that she had. She was never charged for lying to the FBI.Yet General Flynn was prosecuted for lying?
@FraterRogerus Affirmative action. America is in a crisis with a lack of quality American doctors.Hospitols,are employing foreigners to save money and of course diversity politics like affirmative action which jeopardizes all Americans by allowing unqualified doctoers to operate.
@Ethnostatesnow Dont feel bad bro. Weve all been subjected to the programming of pop culture.Our enemy has conspired for thousands of years against us. Whites have been deprived of their heritage.Told its racist. We longed for our culture but were forced to mimic other cultures such as black rap
@1776Stonewall This is how the left operates. They have to prey on young inexperienced children who are easily manipulated as they are all EMOTIONALLY IMMATURE. The democrats obly have hate and lies to offer.
Alcohol and hemp prohibition posed as a social movement. The reality is that the  oil oligarchs like Rockefeller wanted to destroy their #1 competion ethynol alcohol and biodiesel made primarily from hempseed. Which could be made inexpensively by Americans at home on the farm.
Only the Jews would dare to throw even poor little old ladies into prison with criminals, merely for having a different perspective, disagreeing, or denying their zio-fascist Holocaust mythology.
Liberals wanted to claim that they is no such thing as winners and losers. They sure didn't feel that way  Donald Trump pounced their asses in 2016
@TheElusiveFox64 Most would consider me far Right Yet I support strong social safety nets for whites. Wed have plenty of resources for Americans if we didnt give so much to israel. No legislator has any credit with regards to safety nets whenever they made sure theyve got the best fpr themselves
Portugal at one point had the worst drug problem in all of Europe they tried prohibition with the harshest penalties but that didn't work.Then they tried complete legalization of all drugs in the year 2000. In just a few years drug use has been reduced by over 50%.Dearhs down 90%
@Golfinggary5222 @PatriotJenn Ginsberg looks like a case of Weekend at Bernies. The democrats  are using her corpse as a puppet to prevent a new justice from being appointed to the court.
@Golfinggary5222 @PatriotJenn I can't wait until president Trump gets to replace Ginsburg. The liberals will really cry on thst good day.
The sacred symbol of the Aryans. Are the blonde hair, blue eyed, RH neg.bloodlines the descendents of an extraterrestrial race?  https://t.co/t2x39BFkg8
@JooliaGuliaa Cant get a better campaign message.
IntelligentAmericans are well aware that Russia did not interfere or influence our elections, with a few facebook posts.The DEEP STATE did!       We are not going to allow them to goad us into any more conflicts, except for the war on the deep state! https://t.co/bnee6i3vig
The Obama Administration along with the Deep state had the motive and opportunity to assassinate justice Antonin Scalia, so that they could enable Obama to appoint another justice to the Supreme Court. This wouldve allowed them to take out the most patriotic justice on the Court.
The FBI is not arresting antifa because they support antifa. They are doing the deep state's dirty work.
Liberals claim that private corporations have the right, whenever they're censoring conservatives. Yet when it comes to race or gender  they're not private corporations anymore entitled to do what they wish. Liberals have no morality they have no ethics, it's just power politics
If your life was on the line and you had to undergo a major surgery do you really want to depend upon the minority doctor that got into medical school only because of affirmative action? Or do you want the very best, top of the class?
@Rusenhal Wikileaks has a strict policy of not revealibg their sources. To sidestep this However Assange did go on t.v. to offer a ten thousand dollar reward for info about Seth Rich's murder. He also stated that wikileaks did not receive the emails ftom Russia or any other state actor.
@Hellbilly_14 @WhiteWoman14 Maybe the jews should start with Israels immigration policies first. Better yet they should all leave America and go to their own homeland.
Democrats are scared to death that Vladimir Putin is going to give President Trump evidence of egregious crimes like human trafficking and espionage by Democrat Party leaders like Bill &amp; Hillary Clinton. Thats why the dems are going bersek with their anti Russian hate propaganda.
The Russians did not hack the DNC. Seth Rich, an IT employee at the DNC was upset that they had cheated Bernie Sanders out of the primary.Therefore he leaked the emails to WikiLeaks.Seth Rich was subsequently assassinated so he could not reveal that he was the source of the leaks
Americans need to ask the question, what other Democrats had private servers in their basements? It's likely that it wasn't just Hillary Clinton that was selling our secrets to foreign actors
If Democrats were to get power again they will try to start a war with Russia. They fear that the truth of their treasons with foreign actors will be revealed. War is the ultimate coverup. It enables them to eliminate their political opponents and conceal their crimes.
@WhiteWoman14 Jews are a race the same way that the Amish are a race
@GOP @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr The president needs a GOP, a party that doesn't stab him in the back at every chance they can get or undermine his policies every chance they get. Hunt the rhinos to extinction.
Democrats have become mentally deranged if they think a few Russian facebook posts is the equivalent to election interference. The radical leftwing marxists would want nothing more then to blame Russia and incite war with Russia in effort to cover up their own treason.
@Cernovich Enemy of all humanity and nature.
If you thought you knew half of what the Clintons have been accussed of in the past 20 years? Youll be shocked.! https://t.co/s3hywQ0f7m
It's impossible for any society to sustain it's democratic principles when there are intelligence agencies intentionally keeping pertinent facts concealed from the people. This renders citizens unable to make necessary informed decisions regarding the republic.
The First Amendment of the Bill of Rights was never intended to protect satanism or any other religion foreign to the Anglo-Saxon culture of Americans. Catholicism was excluded and was abhorred as a tyrannical State by the early protestant Founders that suffered under the papacy.
@AJunk1618 @charliekirk11 Communists are criminals by nature which is why communism cant be tolerated..it has to be stamped out with harsh treatment.
@charliekirk11 No one ought to be forced to resign based upon accusatiobs alone. The presumption of innocence is a sacred right .
The real reason for all of the fanfare for the John McCain funeral isnt because he was a war hero or a failed presidential candidate. He's getting the Secret Masonic honoring for all of his work towards creating the New World Order global gov with  Greater Israel for its capitol.
@dbongino Under no pretense are secret courts Constitutional or ethical in a free state.
@realDonaldTrump Thats good strong leadership.
Americans need to understand &amp; acknowledge that our intelligence agencies are not above reproach. They are professional deceivers, spies, assassins, saboteurs, thieves, propagandists, bullies,ect. They conceal pertinent facts under the guise of national security &amp; state secrecy.
@MarkACollett That is a form of rape in my book. I bet since hes a jew he made sure to only choose gentile women to victimize, since according to the talmud that wouldnt be a sin or morally wrong because all gentiles are less then insects.Jews rarely get convicted and almost never go to prison
@TOOAJoyce @Marnssj But multiculturalism sounds so sophisticated and benevolent. Socialism must be great like social media , right? The power of etymology.
@FirstFire2008 Its absurd to blame Indiana for Chicago gun violence. Indiana doesnt have excessive gun violence. I guess the guns magically become killers whenever they cross the border into Illinois. If gun rights were respected in Chicago citizens would be safer and crime will drop
@Partisangirl @HarisJericho_99 Theyve been very close for a longtime now.
The Department of Justice is the shield and sword of the deep state. It is unlawfully operating as a rogue agency. The DOJ is not an independent branch of govt. The president has the authority and duty under the Constitution to exercise oversight and give direction to the DOJ
@DVATW Now I see why muslims always castrated their African slaves.
White liberals and neocons will be held fully accountable in the near future for the demographic nightmare that has been perpetuated by domestic enemies on America. Not only has our safety &amp; security been compromised but our very civilization is under direct threat of destruction
@___nobanpls Technically the term is ILLEGAL ALIEN. The leftwing radical media changed it to " illlegal immigrant" so they can transition into just calling them immigrants. Now the media is calling them immigrants instead of aliens. Alien means that they have NO legal Rights as a U.S. citizen
@winstonedchurc2 The Treasury dept. Prints our money. I understand the federal reserve is private. Im unclear about what we are actually borrowing? If we print the monet via treadury dept. Aand theyre not sending us gold or silver. If its just computer bytes, then it makes no sense.
@LionofThe @sakkoira I know a American man, no record, who got 8 yrs.for breaking and entering into someones house when he was drunk and he had mistakenly thought it was his house. This other guy kills a woman and gets the same amount of time. Justice is not uniform in this country for sure.
@CharlieMcGreg14 @westland_will 6 million...oh vey
@___nobanpls @NobleValue The Holocaust Museum in and the endless propaganda is what makes people believe. They can't imagine that a lie so big could be false. They're naive simpletons
What is the U.S.A. actually borrowing . The Department of Treasury prints are bills or notes We don't  borrow or use gold or silver as currency anymore so what are we actually borrowing .What are we in debt for? Fiat currency .paper notes? Its an illusion.
@RealJamesWoods The leader of Britain dances to the deaths of the white race. With African bushmen.
@RealJamesWoods What a national disgrace.
Why look the other way when a Genocide is taking place that will ultimately end in a slaughter that will make Rwandan Genocide look like a picnic?THE STAGE IS BEING SET FOR TOTAL GENOCIDE OF ALL WHITE SOUTH AFRICANS!  	-2 minutes of your tim... https://t.co/YCNnvWregn via @Change
@___nobanpls The allies had destroyed most of the importation routes into Germany. Which had to import 90% of their oil,f food and medicines. The German army didnt even have the fuel for their own trucks. Its just not possible to cremate millions of people with the incinerators they had.
Did you know that the BUDDHA was an Aryan prince in ancient India. The oldest statutes of the Aryan Buddha depicted him with fair skin, blonde hair, and blue eyes. Thus the buddhist Dharma is an aryan philosophy Talk about cultural appropriation.
@DrDavidDuke The amount of movies about nazis and jewish victimhood is nauseating. They dont want to lose their holocaust weapon.We really need our own version of Hollywood because movies influence popular culture like nothing else we can do.
Everybody knows the name Paul Manafort Charged for violating tax laws. How many people know the name of the Bernie Sanders campaign worker who shot up the Congressional baseball team? Shooting rep. Steve Scalise . This is proof that the corporate media is the enemy of the People
@TheElusiveFox64 The joos are behind virtually all efforts to consolidate power. In effort to further their marxist political agenda for world domination..America's spjrit is at stake. I hope our immune sysyem is strong enough to expel this ZOG virus from the national body.
@EsotericGrail @Nature_and_Race Im in alignment with your sentiments. We need to be strong enough on every front to be able to reclaim our sacred symbol. One that millions of our volk have fought and died under while defending our civilization.
@Nature_and_Race I love the swaztika. Its a sacred geometrical symbol..  Representing the life giving force of the Sun. Action, Power and regeneration.The swastika will return to its glory soon.Its buried under the darkness of the enemy's lies and their ignorant programming and hateful propaganda
I think that a lot of the open-borders crowd are drug users that are afraid that their supply of drugs is going to be cut off. That's a serious enough concern for millions of people to cause them to actively oppose border security.
@SpookyStirnman @haaaallppp You don't ever hear about nobody going postal anymore because they switched their operations and attention from the post office workers to the at risk youths and school shooter scene
@haaaallppp Sounds like one of those black  operation false flag projects
This is exactly what we need not necessarily a conservative site but a truly politically Free Speech site. https://t.co/uMfcJpixI8
The Democrats are committing Russian delusion....
@seb_uHu @DEATH_NORMIE @ArchDornanMkVI Im not sure what makes you think phytoestrogens are not bioavailable. Maybe not in raw soybeans but processed and or cooked soy is absorbed and assimilated.
@People_of_Light @ArchDornanMkVI @MitchHoob @LauritzVonG Theyve found teeth on the.edge of the Rhine river in Germany that are millions of years old. Not one single tooth ever found from the bodies of the mythological holohoax.  In the long history of jewry they understand how to use the power of playing the victim to steal &amp; conceal
How can antifa get away with this? They are a leftwing paramilitary group of domestic terrorists.They are sanctioned by democrats, liberal judges and promoted by the media. They are protected by the deep state in the DOJ. They are domestic terrorists and must be treated as such. https://t.co/KPW7NC6FyX
@LouDobbs @GreggJarrett The DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  is the sword and shield of the deep state
@pcIVXV @KekterHannibal @JBurtonXP @Homsher_PhD Ask yourself if you were the king of an ancient nation and you finally defeated an enemy that kept invading you to commit genocide upon your people. Would you put them all to death? Or show them mercy and enslave them for the remainder of their lives? This is how slavery started.
@pcIVXV @JBurtonXP @Homsher_PhD Global Slavery is bigger today then it was in the 1800's. Whites suffered from slavery for thousasnds of years. Today all poor Americans are effectively debt slaves. Destined to pay heavy tax burdens ( 20 trillion )for the rest of their lives and their childrens lives.
@JBurtonXP @westland_will America was always supposed to be a melting pot for the caucasian European races. Primarily protestant christians. Excluding catholics. They did not want the papacy to control the govt and oppress the rights of the people, like they did in Europe
@MarkACollett Thery ae more at home as hunters and gathers in the congo. They have no right or place in Europe except for those intent upon using them as a political weapon against patriots. The globalist intend to destroy all of the western nations.
@DEATH_NORMIE @ArchDornanMkVI Men especially oight to avoid ALL SOYconsumables.  Soy contains phyto estrogens that feminize men and reduce fertility and create hormonal imbalances.
@FraterRogerus The zionist rule Germany from within. They will eventually eradicate Germans entirely unless Germans wake up to the mind control an programming of self destruction that theyve been under since the end of WW2.The enemy seeks world dominion and sees the West as an obstacle to crush
RT @LouDobbs: #LDTPoll: Do you think the National Left-Wing media is largely responsible for the creating and fostering the current toxic p…
@TheElusiveFox64 The juice lie about their history in Egypt.  There are no records to support their fantastical ridiculous claims. In fact Egyptian records claim that Egypt conquered and genocided all of Israel. They couldxnt be trusted to be slaves .plus Egypt had plenty of Nubian slaves to work
CNN is actually promoting terrorism and violence by supporting antifa ,which has been declared a terrorist organization by the DHS and members of Congress..
How are we supposed to trust our intelligence agencies when they supposedly didn't even know that Hillary Clinton had a illegal private server in her basement.?
CNN MSNBC dont have to worry about their credibility. They dont have to worry about the free market, because the CIA  and the deep state pays their bills .
Socialist Democrats could literally force the country into another civil war if they get elected and start giving free health care to illegal aliens. That would atrract tens of milliins of aliens to overun the border and bankrupt the nation.
@Alba_Risen We have every right to thrive not just survive
@LedZepFan66 @MrPatriarch_14 We have to fight for our Rights and territory. Now that we've allowed the weak and cowardly amongst us to betray us and they ha ve given away the sanctuary of our homelands to our enemies and racial competition.
@TOOEdit Happy to see him go. He was a backstabber and he poisoned the conservative movement whenever he could.
@dbongino Socialism discriminates only between the rich and the poor it's a system that makes the elite richer and the poor desolate
@CraigAr64 @lerae4428 Trump employed the first female campaign manager to ever win a presidential campaign
"  What difference does it make now."  Hillary Clinton https://t.co/NoJkjPB49N
@immamajojo @lerae4428 Crime crime and more crime is what Cali would get with Gavin  Newsome.
@heywildrich Your are absolutely correct. Great nations are always destroyed by the destruction of the demographics..Usually  its the white founding fathers being outbred by the decendents of slaves. Whom are incapable of sustaining the society.Every thing else is just consequential.
Republican party is finally freed from the duplicitious  John McCain and then Here Comes another poser mitt the s*** Romney
So it looks like the FBI didn't read Hillary Clinton's emails but China has. Hillary Clinton is a traitor and should be in prison if not in front of a firing squad. This was an intentional Act of espionage. That's why they're pointing at Russia and yelling Russia!
The synogogue of satan. Children of the devil.Killers and tormentors of the innocent and of the prophets and  saints.Masters of usury and deception. They usurp with infiltration &amp; subversion.They perpetuate every form of sociopolitical sickness, refusing to let go of their victim
@stuka_commander @ramzpaul Thats a very patriotic perspective. However once these vampires get accustomed to their hosts. They refuse to let go out of spite that you will regain your health and happiness. They cause every form of sociopolitical illness. They destroy every nation that gives them quarter.
@ramzpaul Its obvious why the jews killed Jesus,  John the baptist, and all of the prophets. Nothing has changed since Jesus whipped the poriests and drove the money changers out of the temple.
@DanDaman060606 @scanners1111 @charliekirk11 Israel is absolutely a terrorist state. Israel is Americas greatest enemy. She has got us into multiple wars, committed more acts of espionage against the U.S. than any other nation. Uses AIPAC to get 150 billion $$ from U.S. waging war through deception is the mossad motto.
RT @enjoythehummus: @charliekirk11 https://t.co/4y71vpj8Re
@bosshogjohnson @MickCollins1951 @BlackDawning You're correct. All jews are not students of the talmud but theyre born, raised and immersed in talmudic jewry by their ftiends and family .The talmudist philosophy and mindset has sublimated into their conscience. Also talmudism is Hollywoodism , so the whole nation is affected.
white society= Mayberry	 black "          "= Congo
@StefanMolyneux Marxists control the Federal Reserve and from there they can control anything else that they want to buy. Until we get control over the American monetary system eliminate the Zionist mafias Monopoly over the Federal Reserve System we're being held hostage
4.2. GDP  Trump is an effective President. https://t.co/xqLF9Sn4X2
In America the left and the right need to find a peaceble solution to permenantly separate or divorce themselves from each other physically and nationally, because life in a country without neoliberals would be so much more free, peaceful , enjoyable, and less stressful.
@bosshogjohnson @MickCollins1951 @BlackDawning This is another reason the Jews perpetuate the myth that they' are a distinct race. Because it prevents individual Jews from renouncing Judaism because they think that it's a fixed fate of biological traits. Judaism is a religion a choice.  The talmud is evil.
LGBT- R N- HELL
Abolish the Department of Justice, and replace it  The Constitution only created three separate and independent branches of government Executive, Judiciary and the Legislative.The DOJ is not an independent branch of government. It must not be allowed to operate without oversight.
@Education4Libs Only  5% of southerners owned one or more slaves. Census(1860) most of the slave population was owned by large  plantations, that were mostly owned by jews to provide cheap cotton to their textile/ clothing monopoly back in Europe.
@___nobanpls The enemy has been practising usury for more the n 3,000 yrs. This is why they killed Jesus . He threatened their monopolies. Sound familar? He kicked the money changers out of the temple. Just as the Hi tler kicked them out of the Fatherland.They have both since been crucified
What a shame that Climate change hysteria takes most of the money and resources away from real actual environmental concerns. The quality of our rivers, lakes, and oceans. Nuclear waste continues to leak into the Pacific Ocean from Fukushima ,Japan. Threatening to kill the ocean.
The elite have bought off and bullied thousands of scientists into supporting their global warming new world order global govt. Power grab. Any scientists that dare to speak up in opposition to climate hysteria have their careers ruined, therefore there's a intimidation effect.
@ConcernedPug @WhiteWoman14 Neo cons are only republicans because of their capitalist desires. They have no real sincere republican virtues. In fact they wouldnt even comprhend real patriotic principles of freedom.
@TheElusiveFox64 The talmud gives them permission to take adva ntage of everyone else other then their fellow jews.
@ciceros2ndson @WhiteWoman14 We were warned about the increase in rape and murder if blacks were ever freed. Unfortunately this has been accurate.
Further historical evidence of governments passing gun control laws to disarm their political adversaries that they have targeted for genocide.This ia why our Founding Fathers wrote" the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed" in our Bill of Rights https://t.co/aqdDm1khfE
@MickCollins1951 @BlackDawning There is nothing wrong with burning books that promote evil.
I'm just so much better than you are because you're a bigot
@erikmullen08 @BlackDawning A one world govt. Has to be authoritarian because you cant have a one world system when others want to do things differently. So theyve got to be oppressed. Seperate individual natiins is the only way. But those that want world domination wants to consolidate all into one.
@UncuckTheUK @WhiteWoman14 @Nature_and_Race The jews always try and incite insecurity in their victims. Just look at Hollywood and the fashion industry.  Theyve mastered the art of making people insecure with self doubt and hate ....
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Brennan and Comey are traitors and should face capital punishment.
After listening to John Brennan speak, his projections become clear that he is guilty of being involved in the conspiracy to use the DOJ and the veil of national secrecy of our intelligence agencies to undermine President Trump and steal the election in 2016 for the Democrats.
Hollywood keeps making all of these holohoax movies to reinforce the zionist  political agenda but we never see  them make any movies about Stalin and the Bolshevik Revolution or the  genocide in the Ukraine. The joos make it obvious that they control and have perverted Hollywood
@dbongino Not to mention all of the media's bogus polling thats not only always incorrect ,in favor of democrats,  but are also manipulated to lower the morale of conservatives
The Mueller investigation is a cover-up. It has nothing to do with trying to find any Russian collusion. It's an attempt to conceal the criminal activities of the former Obama administration that conspired with the Democrat Party and Hillary Clinton to steal the 2016 election.
The failure of the DOJ to lawfully prosecute Hillary Clinton, while at the same time falsely persecuting President Trump. It is warping the psyche and morale of the American people
@Alba_Risen That's because they get the Jewish bug
@noxhuffinus The Jews have had three thousand years to organize themselves and perfect their skills of infiltration subversion. In contemporary times they've had control over the media and academics to effectively mislead the population
@___nobanpls The talmud says it clearly. All gentiles are only here on Earth to serve the jews. All of the Earth is their inheritance not just Israel.  They are chosen to rule. It is not a sin to decieve or to take from gentiles because gentiles are less then insects.
Americans need to understand and be aware of the fact that sanctions are an act of War. We should never take sanctioning a nation for granted. It is an act of violence against another nation..
@MightyLoneWolf You must not be a very diligent researcher. Zionism has an extensive pripaganda apparatus. You need to read zionist literature first and foremost or else you will not be qualified to recognize it.
@Uncle_Jimbo @allcorrupt Just to be clear. The American Revolution was primarily fought because the king wanted to force the colonists to use his central bank rather then allowing the colonists to issue their own money which was called ( script)
@AlbionIsForever Its not modernity as much as it is the influence of the nihilistic post modern mindset perpetuated by world jewry
@MarkACollett The European Union was founded by those that want the Soviet Union style of govt. For Europe.
No gun control act is going to prevent someone with the intention of obtaining and using a firearm for criminal purposes.Therefore the only logical solution is to personally provide  security for yourself and family. Arm and train yourself in the art and life skill of selfdefense
@justindsweeney @MaduroLancero @DLoesch @theldssdl So your solution is to force people to store their weapons where they become difficult or impossible to retrieve in time for an effective defense. Crimes can happen very quickly and unless you have direct access to arms you may be killed. You cant stop someone from getting a gun
@justindsweeney @DLoesch @theldssdl What part of " shall not infribge" do you not comprehend? Any restrictions have unintended consequences. 99.9% of gun owners never have any problems. Its the unarmed sheep that are always the fearful victims. Too emotionally immature to take responsibility for their own safety.
@DLoesch " Shall not infringe " The more armed citizens a population has, the more secure that pipulatiin wull be. Gun laws only encumber lawful citizens and effectively increase violent crime because criminals are more confident that their victims will be unarmed due to draconian laws.
Secret NASA film of luner landing and what actually happened. Youll be suprised!  https://t.co/SL0D44r4fM
@AlbionIsForever @MarkACollett Have you seen kosher slaughter?? The pain of the animal is cruelly prolonged. Its so brutal..German.national socialists were the first in Europe to ban it to protect the integrity of animals.
@OchreAnnular @___nobanpls The national socialists in Germany produced the greatest economic recovery in world history. Once they expelled the International Jewish banking cartel, the German Reich  prospered like never before. Jewry fears that other nations will follow Germanys lead so they demonize them.
@___nobanpls The juice have usurped the authority of many governments everywhere around the world that they can institute their central banking monopoly. This allows them to promote invasions of the borders with armies of muslims, that always wage war against their infidel hosts without mercy
Nothing is more offensive then to have the A.G. assert that the DOJ is above politics. It is neither above politics nor is it an independent branch of govt. The DOJ is the sword &amp; sheild of the DEEP STATE. There will never be justice until the DOJ has been abolished and replaced.
"  An armed Society, is a more polite Society."   George Washington
Climate change extremists are being led by left-wing radicals that use false assertions and fears about the climate in an effort to Institute a marxist style world government that will be used to control every aspect of the lives of the People.
The techno tyrants have been desperate to censor American patriots to slow the coming Great American Renaissance. https://t.co/WzbFeYc62u
Venezuela has very strict gun control laws, and has the highest murder rate per capita in the world, due to their draconian gun control laws.
Protecting Life is the Paramount Obligation and Duty of the Federal government under the the Constitution. Therefore the federal government may not provide for, aid, assist or collect taxes to be used for abortion.
If Americans only understood that the Democratic Party wants to turn America into another socialist experiment like  Venezuela. The American people with tar and feather the Democrats tomorrow
After seeing the horrible situation in Venezuela how can anybody with a brain still support Marxism socialism it is nothing but a path to destruction. A means for the government to control the people and always results in mass death. It halts innovation and eliminates prosperity
@hrtablaze @allcorrupt This is what n*ggers do when and wherever they feel that they can get away with it. If we continue to integrate with them our culture and race will perish. And subsequently the Earth will perish if we do.
@bbm_masentle @claesbart @5centsworth55 The fact that you have to ask that question says everything about your intelligence.
@Vtjames66 @claesbart @JamesHall_MUFC White people dont walk past someone being assaulted in public. Our reaction is to aid and assist and call police.
@claesbart @allcorrupt Animals
@haaaallppp All jewish studios that are pumping this into our childrens minds.
@DefendEvropa If they keep killing whites. Then one day the white race will make the whole African continent howl and perish.
@DebEinCT @haaretzcom The jews have always brought judgment unto themselves. Nations have always offered them sanctuary, however in short time they subvert the nation and have to be expelled if the nation is to survive. They always find themselves in the heart of conflict because of their own deeds
@haaretzcom @Abel_Danger911 Trump has hopefully learned that the joos are backstabbers and poisoners
The jews ought to be judged by their own words. They are not America's loyal allies. They are back stabbers and poisoners. They prey upon the ignorance of a people or nation. https://t.co/v6Rg1aG05C
I think that the Catholics and the Joos have to wear their yamakas to cover up their horns.
@StefanMolyneux When they are allowed to go unchecked, and left free to pursue their own volition they are more savage than the beasts of the Congo. In fact jackels and hyenas make better company .
President Trump has the Right idea. https://t.co/HQuP7jBQdV
Americans should never blindly trust what our intelligence agencies tell us. We must always demand substantial evidence of facts to be presented to the people, rather than just being lead like sheep to the slaughter.
@RealMAGASteve According to some people. Facebook is a private corporatuon and can discriminate against anyone they want...At least they did whenever it came to white conservatives
@blaircottrell89 The deep state is all too anxious to undermine and usurp conservatives.
@___nobanpls The federal reserve is a private banking cabal that has a complete monopoly over the American monetary system. The fed is the root of zionist power in the U.S. , which gives them the power to buy or coerce anyone. If bribes &amp; threats dont work theyll  use violence to get silence.
McCain dead at 81 https://t.co/iuiyr4YRqF
@americanrebel23 @___nobanpls I dont understand why hasnt President Trump declared a national emergency and put our army on the southern border
@___nobanpls The federal government has been infiltrated and subverted from within.
The tree of Liberty must be nurtured from time to time by the blood of loyal patriots and vicous tyrants.
RT @LouDobbs: #LDTPoll: Do you think it's time for Sad Sack Attorney General Jeff Sessions to look into corruption by the Radical Dimms? In…
@TheElusiveFox64 He"s having to suffer.
@westland_will A match made in hell. I would have thought for sure that I had died and went to hell , if  I were ever greeted by these two devils.
" In order to discover who is ruling over you,  find out who joo are not allowed to criticize in public."  Voltaire
@NeverTwain @Nature_and_Race Make America white again
@CanadianKatana @Nature_and_Race Only African nations that were under apartheid became developed. Many Africans wish that apartheid would return. There was an overall better standard of living. Look at what happens when blacks take over areas that had been developed via apartheid. Theyve ruined all progress
@Spiritchef8 @Nature_and_Race Love and hate are intertwined. After all. Dont you hate whoever intentionally hurts your loved ones. I love freedom an hate tyranny. I love peace and hste war.
@Nature_and_Race War may be inevitable for humanity at this stage. There are too many violent and malevolent people to incarcerate. And in war, do we execute our vanquished enemies, or do we show mercy and enslave them for the rest of their lives. They can't be let go because they keep attacking.
@AnnCoulter White House lawyers keep asserting that if he acts on the Department of Justice the political backfire would be too much for him to handle. I disagree. I think the president needs to take control over the Department of Justice give it direction and exercise pversight over the DOJ
Remember that President Kennedy was having his affairs with Marilyn Monroe and others and he was portrayed as a Playboy. Democrats have no morals or ethics they simply play partisan power politics at every single turn
@westland_will This is exactly why leaders sometimes have to take drastic measures with members of their own government that have been left over by the political opposition, that attempt to sabotage the new leader and subsequently the nation. Sometimes you got to round them up for treason.
@LetsWeighOnThis @RealMAGASteve @GartrellLinda Collins and murkowski show their true colors they're getting big money from abortion and their feminist roots they're more loyal to than their Republican constituency. We really need to get these two females out of the Senate
@RealMAGASteve Republicans are the controlled opposition.
The FBI should not be able to criminally charge individuals just for lying. There must be an actual crime for there to be any charge. Lying to the FBI is not a crime. Just because someone gives innaccurate information during an interview doesnt mean they intended to lie.
Americans are really going to have to come to terms with the reality that we've got a large population of domestic enemies ,of our Natural rights, in our country that we're going to have to deal with. Prolonging the inevitable only gives the advantage to your opponent.
Stop the destruction of American historical monuments honoring our veterans of war. Punish the domestic enemies that destroy public &amp; private property, and committ acts of violence upon Americans in an attempt to prevent patriots from exercising their rights https://t.co/K4pNlNY0o1
@LilyNCali @back61soprano @TuckerCarlson For all of those individuals that unfortunately had to attend a federally funded school system of propaganda. The Confederate army was much more racially diverse then the Union army. Indians and blacks both fought in the Confederate army. There were no indians in the Union army.
@LilyNCali @back61soprano @TuckerCarlson Lincoln declared martial law in Chicago because the residents were up in arms over the fact that Union soldiers were executing black Confederate soldiers as they came into the prison camp in Chicago and they tortured &amp; starved the white prisoners. It was known as 80 acres of hell
@RodStryker @AnneElizabethe White's must wake up worldwide and expel the Vermin from their countries
@mitchellvii Is Sessions the reason that these indictments havent been executed yet? Is he reluctant? He denies that there is any systemic corruption in the DOJ ,or that DOJ employees are some how above politics.Which is offensively false. These indictments may only just be for illegal aliens
@ArielFelidae @Alba_Risen Your correct the suppossed refugees serve to keep whites busy fighting muslims while the joos sack Europe and America. Theyve been pitting muslims against christian America since they blew up the twin towers on Sept. 2001 and blamed it on mislims..We know it was israel mossad.
@GoIdenLaughter @Alba_Risen Yes but its their control over media and academia .Including theology, seminaries,  and secret societies like freemasons. The point is they dominate access to information which enables them to set the narrative and rules of the game.The root of jooish power is the monetary system
@Alba_Risen The Jews have over 2000 year history of infiltrating &amp; subverting nations in Europe. These nations had no choice but to expel them from their country if they were going to survive. It is inevitable that America and European nations in 2018 have to come to the same conclusion
A farm is a microcosmic example of a person(s) ability to organize and operate effectively.	Imagine what they would do to a nation like America, if they cant even sustain their farms? https://t.co/jwdTdVhqiJ
Techno- tyrants like Suckerburg, are not exempt from prosecution or litigation for violating the Rights of Americans with   prejudice and discrimination. Depriving Americans with conservative political proclivities access to the modern "social strem" is harmful to free speech
@TradTeen @ramzpaul The treasonous heart of many in our govt. goes deeper then just money and power. To many its religious extremism. The freemasons, for example, swear to be the guardians of Jerusalem. Zionists have dual citizenship, but one loyalty. Israel. Which they intend to make their capitol
The Mueller investigation has really opened the eyes of the American people to exactly how the government is utilised to persecute and eliminate political opponents of the globalist deep state. If not even the president is safe from false imprisonment then no American is safe.
There's absolutely no way that Hillary Clinton operated a private server out of her home without Jim Comey of the FBI ,the CIA and the NSA had to be completely aware of this and that's probably why they're protecting Clinton to prevent her from turning her co -conspirators in.
@robthehook Americans must abolish the Department of Justice and replace it with an institution that's not been tainted with corruption
@WesternSoldier @ManfredvonRic15 It really is infuriating. These techno tyrants and their leftwing marxist censorship denigrates and misleads humanity. They wouldnt be compelled to censor us , unless they knew we were telling the truth. Theyre trying to prevent anymore people from waking up. I hope its too late.
@MusgaSali @ManfredvonRic15 Your insight is absolutely true. Happy to hear Germanic pride
@JxhnBinder @Jess_Luvs_Trump Deport anchored babies
@dbongino @robthehook Id love to have you as my Senator Dan.
@TradTeen @ramzpaul Half? I honestly think its more like 90% of Congress signs the pledge to always support israel?? Because aipac is the most powerful lobby in the U.S.A and they spend unlimited money. Then Congress gives israel billions of taxpayer treasure in aid, its a circle of corruption.
@Kirshu64535436 @ramzpaul Its only because of the freefom of the internet. Theyve had a monopoly over virtually  all of our media and academia. Also the overt intimidation when one tries to educate the masses. The joos depend upon always being perceived as the victims when in fact they are the oppressors
@AtlanteanSage @ramzpaul @GDL__National The myth of a vampire was started and perpetuated by jooish writers to create the myth of vampires because of the bodies frequently found drained of blood with 2 holes in the veins of the neck. Many of these were victims of jooish ritual blood sacrifice.
@ramzpaul As an ETHNONATIONALIST - I support freedom of association and self determination. I believe that each race has a right to have a sanctuary as a homeland to secure their own heritage. This will foster and nuture organic culture,and promote peace and tranquillity between the races.
@TheElusiveFox64 This is a preview of what America could look like in twenty years . Unless whites wake up real fast and organize. Theyll cover up the final destruction against our race ,just like theyre covering up and concealing the demographic decline of whites in the past century.
@JooliaGuliaa The ADL are professional defamation attack dogs. The ADL ought to be abolished as an institution.
Check it out.  https://t.co/tvRRJEUWCO
@AngryGivens Dont forget everybodys uncle or grandpa helped to free the suppossed death camps. The holocaust propaganda mythology has taken on a life of its own.
@Alba_Risen @TheWhiteSide14 Lets find out.
@ramzpaul @realDonaldTrump Splc are domestic enemies and terrprists
@heywildrich Its nothing less then constant psychological warfare against the white race. The enemy wants us to hate ourselves and our own kin. We have every right to strive for superiority and greatness, regardless if other peoples cant compete with us.
If they can justify deporting a 95 year old man back to Germany, after he's been here for decades,  then there's no excuse why all of the so called "dreamers" and anchor babies can"t be deported back to their respective countries.
@imtheoneian @ramzpaul According to the Geneva convention , targeting civilians is a war crime.
@TanyaCornfield America will cease to exist if whites become a minority. Or there will be a war to re segregate the races to their own respective nations. Whites are in serious danger of our populations crashing.  Whites are already the global minority between the 3 root races. Deport them all.
@FraterRogerus @westland_will Theyve obviously not been educated that whites have a history of being enslaved.Barbary pirates would abduct whole villages of Irish and enslave them. Muslims enslaved millions of white Europeans just a few centuries ago. The very word slave comes from the slavs that were slaves
Liberal censorship of social media only proves that the conservative right has the most appealing and winning message that the left seeks to suppress. The left is afraid that the truth will set "them" free.
@1Romans58 It was only but a matter of time. The Clintons lust for power is so great that they will inevitably shop around for a liberal district to run her congressional campaign from. After all shes been trained by the cabal since birth to hoist their global communist scheme ontoAmerica.
@Nature_and_Race I experienced a racial hate assault after i got off work.  I suffered serious injury.The prosecutor claimed that because i was white i couldnt accurastely identify him. Even though i knew his name The judge acted like it was just payback for all the injustice ever done to blacks.
@imtheoneian @ramzpaul Virtually every single city in the U.S. manufactures some type of weaponary component or associated manufacturing of war materials. Most nations mobilize their factories to produce supplies for their army.  Ihope that our enemies are more merciful to our civilians in warfare.
@FraterRogerus The uncivilized communist hordes will destroy our entire nation, unless patriots stand tall and really shut them down. They wave the communist flag as a threat to each and evefy American patriot and we ought to put them in their place..
@IngrahamAngle @CMCommentaries The DOJ is tyrannical. Underming the rule of law and justice. Its not enough to just acknowledge, the DOJ must be abolished and replaced with new institution thats better designed to provide equal justice under the law.
@sandra8301 They coerce people to make up lies, in effort to get more lenient plea deals. We ought to abolish the DOJ it is unlawfully operating as a seperate branch of gov. Without any true oversight or direction. The President has to be able to direct and perform oversight of the DOJ
In a free Society each individual ought to be the ultimate authority responsible for censoring the material that they personally review.
President Trump should've known that it would be a Juw, like Cohen, to stab him in the back.
@realDonaldTrump More security clearances should be revoked. All federal employees that have been dishonorable, discharged ,fired or forced to resign should have their security clearance is revoked without question.
@MarkDice Liberals are so desperate that theyre getting excited because acquaintances of the president have been prosecuted for offenses that jave ansolutely nothibg to do with Russian collusion.
@MarkDice Shouldve known with his last name that there would be a high probability of getting stabbed in the back.
@1Romans58 They are silent on Seth Rich and have pushed the false Russian narrative to cover up the Seth Rich assassination that reveals he was the one that gave wikileaks the emails because he was mad about Bernie Sanders being cheated by the DNC Clintons just add another body to the count
Abolish the fisa court. There's no room for secret courts in America under our constitution
@stuka_commander @EsotericFrogGod @TOOEdit They used to be smart and would hide behind front men, but their lust for power and fame has compelled them to seek positions of power for themselves. They've only exposed themselves because they think that their strong enough to resist any effort by the white right to stop them
The magnetic poles of the Earth are slowly shifting over time each year. This drifting of the poles causes the ice caps to melt in some places and then to grow in other places. Yet global warming extremists only point to The melting ice and never show you the ice that's growing
Under the Constitution the president can ignore any lower federal court order or ruling, if he understands the order or act to be unconstitutional. Only the Supreme court has the authority to compel the president. The People have the ultimate authority.
@DrDavidDuke @VictorMace3 "His blood be on our hands"really comes into perspective. The hate the jews had for Jesus was so intense that killing Jesus was their popular collective desire. They were proud to be responsible for his death and wanted the world and postsrity to know his blood was on their hands
@DefendEvropa This is obviously a tactic for the remainers. To buy time to import more foreigners and frustrate the population. They'd want the vote to be paramount if they would've won. Since they lost, theyve not honored the vote. Britain is going to be destroyed if the people dont wakd up.
@imtheoneian @ramzpaul First of all the Germans did not have missles yet in WW2.  Dresden was a medical refuge city with no major military targets. The fire bombing of the city was far mpre devastating than Nagasaki of Hiroshima.
@ramzpaul What about Eisenhower's war crime genocide of the RHINE MEADOW death camps. Where over a million German pow's were intentionally starved and left out to die of exposure  in open fields with no shelter, food, or water. The jewish claims of a holocaust are propaganda.
@stuka_commander @EsotericFrogGod @TOOEdit I like your optimism. However im very concerned about Trumps bias and overall disposition regarding israel and the jews. He knows that building 7 was rigged for demolition yet he hasnt went after the real perps. I also fear that he can be manipulated by threats to his fsmily
@kenningtonsays @back61soprano @bigleaguepol Whats going to happen on that day when American patriots take them seriously and liquidate these communist traitors?
@stuka_commander @EsotericFrogGod @TOOEdit I do hope that youre correct. Ive been hoping that Trump is keeping his enemies close. I also feel that were not yet prepared to take world jewry on yet. I just hope that Trump doesnt sell us out to these satanist. What gives you confidence in Trump?
@TOOEdit Israel is not our ally. They will bleed us to death by stabbing us in the back, while offering us the poison apple.
Trump admin. Continues the same old cycle of giving Americas treasure and wealth away to the jews.  How much is enough.Stop israel from stealing our money via aipac. Another $5.5bn to Israel; Billions More Coming—But Jewish-Controlled US Media Hushes it Up https://t.co/CV51RD5DHl
@usacsmret If there is no such thing as gender. Or there is no difference beyween man and woman. Then how do liberals explain these facts?
@SenatorHeitkamp I think its more likely that weve got saboteurs in our own intel agencies to worry about.
@heywildrich Nationalism is patriotism to the American nation. Globalists list after world domination and tyranny.
@realDonaldTrump Obama is a traitor. He tried to steal the election.
You can only fight for so long. https://t.co/nVOLF2RoR5
@JooliaGuliaa The only thing that whitey is going to give the blacks of s. Africa after they destroy another country built by whites, is bullets.
@westland_will Intehration of the school system has had a detrimental impact on the white race. Blacks have negatively influenced our youth and they have a much more difficult academic environment. No doubt tha t all white private schools do much better and achieve higher levels of education.
The attempt to frame President Trump for Russian collusion was an orchestrated effort of deep state operatives within multiple age ncies. Under the lead of obama and Clinton. Clinton actually did conspire with multiple foreign agents to produce the infamous fake dossier. https://t.co/bAN86Itoja
@TheElusiveFox64 Israel is bleeding America dry with aipac. They bribe Congressmen to give israel billions in aid. Its basically a massive ripoff of ta xpayers used to fund our own demise.
@heywildrich Original real libertarians have always believed in strong national defense and secure borders. However just like the other two parties,  the libertarian partg has been infiltrated and subverted by leftists because they control the money via the federal reserve.
Brennan's claims that his freedom of speech is being violated, just because President Trump revoked his security clearance, implies that Brennan is using his secret clearence to inform his speech, which means that he's committing treason.
"No man with the power to endanger the public Liberty, is beyond reproach."- John Adams-	This goes for our intelligence agencies as well. No one is above politics or reproach. To assert otherwise is dishonest and subversive.
John Brennan , James Comey, and other agents have proven that its absurd and offensive to assert that our intelligence agencies are "a-political". No agency or individuals are above politics.
Global warming has been occurring for the past ten thousand years. Earth has been coming out of an ice age. Climate is 99.99% regulated by the total sum output of energy by the Sun. The Sun's energy fluctuates ,creating the changes in climate and weather.
@__hoothoot @ramzpaul Perhaps you can direct some of your attention on discussing potential solutions for improving our correctional facilities and programs. Considering AMERICA has 25% of the worlds prison population to deal with. Under the pretext that most offenders will be released in a few years?
Abolish the Department of Justice. If the D.o.J can frame a US presidential  candidate,  just imagine the power that they can exert over the average American citizen.
@TheElusiveFox64 The kosher tax from jews and the halal tax from muslims is a subversive system of taxation that ought to be prohibited by law in America. However its one of the subversive methods of parastism of a nation. You dont see christians or Buddhists doing this.
America needs to Institute an additional super star tax of 20% on all professional athletes, and hollywood celebrities  particularly while we are at War. Also if religious leaders cant exercise political speech without being taxed,then neither should pro athletes and celebrities.
@PowerGirlTweets @wisdom1953 The NFL never shouldve been receiving free security by law enforcement in the first place. We need to have a special 10% pro athlete tax anyway. These jocks make way too much money to play games while our nation is at war.
The govt. conducts its business like a true authoritarian. The judge in this case ought to be tarred and feathered after he's been permenantly debarred.....Religious parents lose custody of transgender teen for refusing hormone treatment - Washington Times https://t.co/6eTXneahGl
@__hoothoot @ramzpaul We need to take the opportunity to train young offenders in some kind of trade or preparation to have a skill like weilding or automotive repair.Otherwise prisons just make more violent an desperate criminals. We must remember that those that go to prison will eventually come out
@ramzpaul When education and or trade school training is offered to offenders there is a much higher success rate of rehabilitation.  Prisons are just for punishment without education. The main problem is the permenent prejudice that prevents people from successfully re'entering society.
@PeterSweden7 The U.K. is obviously under the control of an enemy force trying to dedtrpy the English from within.  Will the brits allow this?
@realDonaldTrump Good now be consistent with israel that gets billions of American tax dollars. More then all other countries combined.
@POTUS2040 @xadditupx @ZuckHatesU The Rhine Meadow death camps however intentionally killed millions of German pow's after the war via starvation and exposure. The real genocide of ww2 was European. Over 100 million lives lost.
@POTUS2040 @xadditupx @ZuckHatesU Actually the red cross found German camps to be exemplary. There were no major loss of lives until the allies had cut off food and medicine supply lines ,of which Germany imported 90% of their food.  Most of the deaths in the camps resulted from typhoid and cholera as a result.
@ZuckHatesU @GirloftheWade The official solution to the Jewish question, was the TRANSFE R AGREEMENT Which was an agreement between the jewish Congress and Germany ,which repatriated German Jews to Palestine on trains. Any jews that ended up in prison camps were terrorists and criminals.
@EuropeanNosta1 Make America white again
The deep state is at war. https://t.co/OJr7myN4IA
@charliekirk11 Its a means of subsidizing labor
@YardleyShooting @Janiwink The enemy is using every possible strategy in this case miscegenation. Ive noticed a dramatic increase here in the heartland of America of black and white couples carefully utilized in major corporate commercials.Pushing the mixing of races to destroy the demographics of the West
You'd think that John Brennan would know that his freedom of speech does not extend to, or apply to, the privilege of having a National Security clearence and or having knowledge and access to sensitive intelligence.
@artorius7 @Nature_and_Race The radical left use the term "the resistance" because they don't have the desire to advance the principles of freedom.They have no concept of the natural law, which is why they don't promote Justice &amp; peace.Their objective is violence and insurrection. They are domestic enemies.
@star19633 The important question is who had the wherewith all to create this devilish duo? If I were to guess its the globalist deep state intelligence cabal.The goal is to intimidate  patriots of the Western nations to make subversion from within and invasion from the outside all possible
@artorius7 @Nature_and_Race In the west unparralled prosperity and innovation has occurred because of the freedom that has been fought and won. This has created decadence. The enemy controls the virtually all media and academia and has been effective in propaganda and demoralizing generations of our people.
@Twither407 @PeterSweden7 The new world order is a zionist marxist style leftwing agenda. The western media is all owned by a small cabal of these zionist extremists. The democrat party is the main political tool used .but the republican party has many democrats in disguise, for controlled opposition..
@PeterSweden7 The media is owned and monopolized by a very elite group of zionist extremists. They use a myriad of agents from intelligence agencies as employees. Programming and mental mass mind control is applied with state of the art techniques and technology. Programmibg from womb to tomb.
@HenryMakow I hope he has just kept his greatest enemies close.
@Nature_and_Race This is exactly what any black population is bound to do to majority white population when they get the opportunity to do so they can call it wealth re- distribution,  reparations , or expropriations there's many names but its warfare. All races will inevitably compete in nature.
""Hemp is of first necessity to the security and wealth of the nation.". 		Thomas Jefferson
@Alba_Risen Only whites seem to be subject to the big tech censors.  They act with impunity  gainst white culture. Even so far as denying that we even have a right to our culture and heritage. Preventing the volk from gaining accesd to the truth is essential in their war agaist whites.
@smartnotstupid Islam and the radical left are united in their hate and dedire to see the U.S. destroyed.
@EuropeanNosta1 Toxic feminism is a bad influence and stressor fpr young males.
Russia has become a scapegoat for those in the deep state that want to use our intelligence agencies and the cover of secrecy to their advantage. As another politically weaponized govt agency to be used against the American people to mislead them about foreign political affairs.
As the govt giveth the govt. at the same time must take. Buulding unto themselves an evil "tower of babel" built upon a false god. The establishment is the system it is the beast. When man is confronted with their system ,he is awe struck and asks who can make war with the beast.
We used to joke that the UK would eventually ban cars because of terrorist attacks,  since they've already banned guns and knives.  I hope the Brits wake up and break the bindings of mental slavery from their lives and embrace their natural Rights and let freedom reign in the U.K https://t.co/RdWX9rH0M1
@JooliaGuliaa @GirloftheWade Excellent !!!- congratulations on becoming free from mental slavery.
@barmore27 @1Romans58 " Democracy is the first step toward socialism." Karl Marx.  This is why the Founding Fathers gave us a republic. They knew democracy did not work as a form of govt. Democracy must to be applied wisely and in a precise way to govt. Like how our republic has democratic elections.
@bosshogjohnson @ShirleyHoltvoi1 @TheElusiveFox64 @BigDickDaddy50 They aren't Right either.
@TheElusiveFox64 It just proves that the Jewish power is the power that's in control over America. AIPAC is the largest Lobby in the world
" There's a plot in this country to enslave every man, woman, and child. Before I leave this high and Noble office. I intend to expose this plot."  President J.F.K  John F. Kennedy One week before he was assassinated.
@WWG1WGAMAGA17Q @ramzpaul Peace and prosperity came to Germany almost overnight once they got rid of the Jewish International bankers
@ramzpaul @ManfredvonRic15 I don't like the phrase it's okay to be white. It's denigrating. The phrase should be it's absolutely fantastic and amazing to be white
@Nature_and_Race @johnnygroda The only a quality that should exist in society is the quality of equal treatment under the law
@Carolin17951107 @1Romans58 The Democrats have become more than just political adversaries they've declared themselves to be domestic enemies of the Constitution.
@fraynarthur1 The dilemma of love and hate so closely intertwined in an eternal cosmic dance.  Sometimes we struggle to see which is which.The Peculiar duality that causes us all to take pause and think.
@BasedAndBritish A neo Bolshevik Revolution is being fomented here in America today in 2018
@Nature_and_Race @RustyPipes4 The most enlightened position is to keep the resource free.  Promote scientific knowledge and use of tje plant, such as for cancer and seizures. I prefer to be more like the founding fathers  " make the most of the Indian hempseed, and sow it everywhere." George Washington
@PeterPower77 @Nature_and_Race @JooliaGuliaa Its medicine to be used wisely. Its non toxic and safer then any pharmacuetical. Further it was perfectly created by God to do what it does. To try outlaw and politicize a plant is antithetical to the spirit of freedom. The founding fathers grew and smoked it.
@Nature_and_Race Many patriots &amp; conservatives and numerous folks on the Right ,like myself support and appreciate Gods gift to mankind...to try and politicize a seed bearing herb is bad politics.The plant exists for the service of all mankind whether for food, medicine, textiles, or concrete ect
@noxhuffinus The allies did way way way more mass killing of civilians in WW2 then thebGermans did.. Most of what weve been told about the Germans is false propaganda used to justify the invasion and destruction of Germany and the German volk. The never was an effort to exterminate the jews.
@noxhuffinus The extensive and excessive programming  that the jewish extremists have perpetuated in the West has had a major and detrimental impact on the psyche of the West. They dont allow intelligent proponents of white culture in the media, and always demonize white power and history.
@AnastasiaReele @LanaLokteff @DaedricBlade After checking out some of your tweets, I can tell you that your'e alot braver then you give yourself credit for. Please keep up your faith Its encouraging to the men fighting for the freedom of our racial heritage,to see young beautiful white women awake , aware, and courageous.
Good men protect women &amp; children. https://t.co/vQV7K3B186
@AnastasiaReele Perfect beauty
@eazy1031 @CelticKiltie @ariacwfaw101 The government has long been infiltrated and subverted. Through the monopolization of the nation's  monetary system by zionist extremists. By gaining control over the issuance of a nations currency they are able to extend their power over everyone that can be bought or coerced.
Monopolies prevent innovation, and precipitate War.
Perhaps there are some bad actors in our intelligence agencies from the prior Obama administration that are trying to scapegoat Russia to hide their own activities and crimes.
Immigration both legal and illegal results in suppressed wages for Americans.
The fact that Hillary Clinton has gotten away with Espionage and obstruction of Justice, revealing a two-tiered justice system, its a serious indicator hat America is on the verge of destruction.
Jews are the most powerful and well-organized sociopolitical special interest group in the world.
@LanaLokteff @DineshDSouza Obviously the Democrat Party of a hundred and fifty years ago is not the same as it is in 2018, neither is the Republican party of 150 years ago they've completely changed their party's objectives
@AnastasiaReele @LanaLokteff @DaedricBlade Your really going to regret not speaking up when you could. Understand that you may motivate that one person that goes on to do great things because of your words. Even those that initially oppose what your saying. If you speak truth. They will come to agree with you eventually.
@LanaLokteff "make America white again" should be our motto!
@DLoesch It's starting to look very suspicious that all of those extremely oil wealthy Muslims in Saudi Arabia are buying off our politicians and many of our officials in order to build mosques and ensure that Muslims take  over in America
@DLoesch And we're supposed to believe that they're so concerned about school shootings. And look at Paul manafort not even been found guilty and he's in prison. The Department of Justice is a f****** disgrace
@Nature_and_Race Only a a man who cannot be bought, intimidated, coerced, or threatened neither for his own safety or his loved ones is worthy. All leaders must pledge their lives, sacred honor, and treasure. We are facing one of the most revolutionary paradigm shifts in American / world history.
Violence and chaos are the result of islamic immigration into Western Nations, once the Islamic population gets large enough it becomes violent and always demands the conversion of the population into islam or else will force them to pay high tax to practise a different religion. https://t.co/PGwPtUIXsp
@DoubleD_PT @RyanAFournier It all makes sense when you find out who controls the media Monopoly. It's less than half a dozen men. They all have one common denominator. When you find that out, you'll find out who the real enemy of American Freedom is.
@RyanAFournier When was the last time any so called "white supremacist" group tried to prevent anyone from exercising their rights  These violent &amp;  radical communist antifa go to other folks peaceable and lawful protests . Only for the purpose of preventing people from exercising their rights.
The radical marxists are using our own govt. to import a foreign menace into our nation that will inevitably serve as soldiers to attack and destroy the American People.
@Jim_Jordan I think that there's a lot more in the Department of Justice that need to be fired, as well as the IRS and other agencies that have been corrupted in the past decade.
@USACitizen7 Most people have simply surrendered their minds to the mass programming of the enemies of all humanity and nature. It has always been a small and determined minority that has fought for freedom. The masses will simply follow the leader.
@VolkishFolklore I understand your point and do not disagree. However in America all whites were encouraged to breed together. That was the true meaning of the term " melting pot" Not whites and non whites.  We've got  to wake up our Peoples put pf their slumber or else well perish.
@JackPosobiec @USACitizen7 The only lunatics in this equation are the lazy  and stupid. Psuedo-Americans sitting home watching TV and believing whatever the media lies to them about other Americans exercising their Rights.
@VolkishFolklore That is why America was suppossed to be the melting Pot of European white races. That was a unique aspect of America. Unfortunately non-white races were allowed to interfere with this objective
This is going to result in either a civil war or a seperation of some kind. https://t.co/CQL5wuYyN2
@DefendEvropa Sink it fast.
@Nature_and_Race I'm truly grateful to all of my white brothers and sisters who are standing up for our race and heritage, thank you so much
Real leadership takes hold in Italy. https://t.co/ASwB2hsPd0
@PeterSweden7 Because he's a Muslim he can do that to his wife under Sharia law
@TimTannehill @Trey_VonDinkis @MarthaHotz Knowing who the enemies are, is half the battle.
@Nature_and_Race The talmudists.
@JackTheCertain If you look at the standard of living that the average German enjoyed after Hitler came to power, youll see that Germans had the highest standard of living in the world. Hitler took a great deppression and turned it into the greatest economic recovery in world history.
@JackTheCertain Actually Adolf HILTER got rid ( executed) all of the brown shirts that had gotten out of control , after the National Socialists gained power.
@TimTannehill @Trey_VonDinkis @MarthaHotz Going to have to take action , or else America is going to suffer the same style communist revolution like the bolshevik revolution in Russia. The future will be setting in a communist prison camp wishing that we'd have used our 2nd Amendment Rights when we still had them.
@Justice4meonly @1Romans58 I wish theyd remove the programming from their minds. The people have been thoroughly programmed by the media since birth. Its Jewish Supremacy that is the true enemy and is, playing whites against blacks.
@beyaself1 @1Romans58 It's the further communist intentions. That's why they weigh the Communist flag antifas roots in communism Run Deep
@1Romans58 @usaforyoubruv If name-calling works to intimidate white people, maybe it'll work to intimidate the police. That's what antifa is thinking
Multiculturalism destroys all authentic and true organic cultures.
@agustincards14 @littlebookwrm @pacelattin @RealCandaceO Most people don't take money from the government
@RealCandaceO Blacks are responsible for their own marriage to the welfare system . That's why they continue to support the Democrat Party, despite the fact it was the Republican party that's giving them all of their freedoms in this country.
@realDonaldTrump @DarrellIssa @foxandfriends Why is President Donald Trump too weak to arrest and hold those accountable who have and still are attempting to overthrow the United States from within and undermine the United States election.These people are a serious threat.If the President cant root them out, then whats next
It's official  the new racism  is against the white race particularly the male is being targeted first . The time has come for whites to reorganize and fightback.    Male, pale and stale university professors to be given 'reverse mentors'' | via @telegraph https://t.co/9G4rjU3fbh
@RealMAGASteve This is sedition in warrants abolishment of the corporate charter of these particular media institutions
@charliekirk11 They didn't do it when Obama was President theyre only doing it because Trump is President and because he's a white man.
@floridaguy267 @wisdom1953 Too bad Mitt Romney's a Democrat in Republican clothing
@Trey_VonDinkis @MarthaHotz Under the Constitution the authority and Duty is vested in the militia to suppress insurrection. Where are the American Patriots.
@4to6_and_glassy @Nick_732 Youre correct, however I was refferring  to "Antebellum slavery"  as a term that is used by scholars to refer to the unique and peculiar form of slavery that existed in the South, prior to the invasion of the States. In comparison to the intetnational institution of slavery.
@JackHorror976 @Censored1209 @mirandayaver @IvankaTrump Justice demands that I defend all people regardless of race, religion, class or creed. All individuals should be equal under the law.
@JackTheCertain @tboyd1005 @Andy_Suth_UK @PeterSweden7 The communists in Germany were fighting to implement Bolshevism and were extremely violent.They used intimidation &amp; violence including murder to silence any political opposition. The National Socialists had no choice but to organize members to defend the Right &amp; freedom to speak.
The epitome of stupidity. https://t.co/3xpUcoWfNm
@TheElusiveFox64 Iif civil nationalists were right  then non-whites  could do the same thing as whites  and build their own civilizations in their homelands but they cannot do it they're incapable and so therefore if we import them into our countries we will also lose that capability
The fact that mainstream media Outlets have such poor ratings proves that their objective is not to provide news coverage to the American people.Who ever is paying their bills doesn't care at all about ratings that's not a normal business model that's a CIA intelligence operation
@dbongino @IrrefutableMM I think we've got all kinds of traitors in the Democrat Party. Its not just Hillary Clinton it's bigger than her ,that's why they're protecting her so good because she will lead too many people to The Gallows
@GaetaSusan @tomcoates @TAGOS22 @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump You can literally see the stock market shoot up as soon as Donald Trump won the election. Further as you stated the elimination of regulations and the tax cut and the unleashing of American energy production caused the economy to shoot up
It's impossible to discover who your real enemies are, if you first &amp; foremost don't even know who you truly are.
@tboyd1005 @Andy_Suth_UK @PeterSweden7 This meme is innaccurate. The brown shirts formed out of the health and fitness groups of the national socialist clubs only because proto-antifa communist thugs kept assaulting them and trying to stop their free speech, preventing them from speaking in public.
@PeterSweden7 It's also important to note that the national socialists of Germany were not marxists. Their philosophy was completely unique to German thinking and had nothing to do with Marxism or communism in fact it opposed it
Israel has become the most powerful nation in the world. It uses its unlimited financial power and institutions to control virtually every national govt. In the World. Isreal employs the most powerful intelligence agency ,the mossad, to infiltrate and subvert governments.
Israel is not an ally of the United States but is the enemy of all Humanity in nature https://t.co/fXmEx5KUCS
@DrARWN @Commodore_1853 It's kind of hard to conduct genocide against whites if they're organized for their own interests
@mike_Zollo @Janiwink The hatred for Trump is also accompanied by a hatred for whites.
@thehill I guess ivanka's too stupid to know that white nationalists are not Nazis. Of course shes a jewish wannabe, so anything to make her masters happy.. I didnt vote for her leftist globalist politics..she failed to renounce the violence of the radical communist leftwing antifa.
@BrendaGanues @PeterSweden7 @tifflynng Karma is always just.
@PeterSweden7 This is exactly what blacks would do in America to whites if they ever got to become the majority
@Nick_732 That's why American slavery was known as Antebellum slavery because it was so much different than the international slave trade. White Christians treated their slaves extremely well however 95% of the slaves in the Americas were owned by Jews and their big cotton plantations
@bama_kirby1 @Jess_Luvs_Trump It's the same thing that the mainstream media did during the 2016 election. It's called predictive programming it's a psychological technique that they hope to use to garner them extra support but as we seen in 2016  it's going to fail.
@usacsmret The thing that really concerns me is how does anybody know if someone didn't just download a bunch of pictures or videos to someone's computer without their knowledge sure seems like an easy way to set someone up to me
@smalltownandrew @awaken_to_maga Antifa is going to have to be destroyed one way or the other
@RayPoetry @awaken_to_maga @nytimes Contemporary media is nothing but muckrakers
@TheElusiveFox64 as long as white people are going to allow petty name calling to be their weakness, then their political adversaries are going to continue to use it against them. Those that allow petty name calling to affect them, are insecure and emotionally immature.
Regardless of so-called political appearances, the President has a duty and responsibility to exercise oversight and direction to the Department of Justice. It's a component of the executive branch. President Trump is the one that must exercise his authority over the DOJ. https://t.co/YAwFSg1Xb9
The black Vice Lord gang on the South Side Chicago has killed more black men in one single year, then the Klu Klux Klan did in its entire existence. It's time to put things in proper perspective America.
@the12013 @GustavSVenter @Nature_and_Race @VictorMace3 Before Hitler ,Germany was in the worst depression in its history. Germans were dying in the street and having to prostitute their children to eat. This was due to hyperinflation caused by the jewish bankers. National socialism removed the bankers an brought Germany to prosperity
People that like to use the term "bigot" don't seem to comprehend that calling someone else a bigot, is bigotry. It implies that you think that you are better then them, for whatever the reason.Which is the definition of bigotry.That makes you a bigot towards them	Its an oxymoran
@Censored1209 @mirandayaver @IvankaTrump White supremacist have just as much right as anybody else to exist in exercise their freedom. People should be judged by their actions. Not oppressed  because they have different beliefs or opinions than other people.
@IvankaTrump The leftist radical communists antifa were the true violent criminals. Those that were trying to exercise their 1st Amendment Rights to preserve their historical heritage had a permit to peaceably assemble and they were attacked by those left-wing radical revolutionaries.
@redwingschic @DineshDSouza @p_arter Dr David Duke is not a member of the KKK.  May want to upfate your knowledge base forty years or so?
@mommabevdixon @Andreaskigirl @StaybulJeenyuss @DineshDSouza The Klan formed as a self defense force to counteract the freed slaves, which were murdering raping, assaulting and pillaging the white population which had been disarmed , disenfranchised, and unable to protect their population and property. America is taught one lopsided story
@DineshDSouza Im neither a " Neo-Nazi "  or a member of the KKK but I'm getting pretty tired of people using these individuals as punching bags and using them to express their own hatred and discrimination. They are people with Rights also regardless if YOU HATE their opinions or perspectives.
Time to pursue and create alternatives to the leftwing controlled establishment sites that censor our speech and disparage our Rights. https://t.co/9q3fEnc6LF
@usacsmret Multicultural societies will always fail eventually. Oil and water do not mix naturally. They have to be forced to combine. However, when the applied forces are eventually removed the two will separate as fast as possible.
@WildWiredWeasel @TheElusiveFox64 @Joha_wa_alHimar Therein lies your dilemma you have no definitive cultural roots does you have to search for your own way. This is exactly why so many people stay within the parameters of their own culture when they have children. Id suggest throwing your lot in with those who you resonate with.
@TheElusiveFox64 Just think about how much peaceful our lives would be not having to defend ourselves or be called racist all day long by ungrateful foreigners and hateful radicals that have no love for our country in the first place
Just as the word n*gger was commonly used to denigrate blacks in the past, NAZI is the new hateful "N" word used in contemporary society to slander, defame, disparage, and inflict maximum harm against any white person that is patriotic to their European &amp; American heritage.
@AnnCoulter That's the face of the enemy
@DebraMcLain44 @VictorMace3 White women are the most beautiful in the entire universe.
@9titles15years Ben Shapiro has hidden allegiances
@darrin_malchus @AnnCoulter @PatrickCaseyIE @IngrahamAngle There's an enemy that has infiltrated and subverted the United States and Europe with the goal and intention of destroying these nations so that they can form a world government. This is why you're seeing all of the things that you're seeing occur today. Eradicate this enemy
@IrrefutableMM @wallaceresists @AnnCoulter @realDonaldTrump Any honest person that knows fundamental mathematics realizes that President Trump won 34 States. Hillary won 16 most of the states Hillary won were the smallest least populated states. She could not have won the popular vote without illegal aliens voting in sactuary  California
@AnnCoulter @realDonaldTrump Kasich is a democrat liberal
@smartnotstupid The British people have not been in control of their own Nation for many decades now. Follow the money who controls your monetary system it's the same exact criminal cabal that controls America via the Federal Reserve.
@GregBoll @1Romans58 @gatewaypundit I agree electronic voting should be prohibited. Paper ballots should be required for all federal and state elections.
@1Romans58 @gatewaypundit These close elections are exactly why Democrats cheat the way they do with using deceased voter registry and illegal aliens
@sahouraxo @EvanMcLaren Meanwhile the United States is placing sanctions on Russia for accusations that have been unproven
@Alba_Risen We can't let everyone immigrate into our country just because they love to be free. We need to help support the people of the Earth and encourage them to make their own countries free and prosperous. The goal is to spread freedom not confine it into only one country
Americans are getting tired of the Democrats and the media's constant attacks on and attempts to character assassinate any and all of the conservative leadership, whether it's Jim Jordan, President Trump, or Devin Nunez it's the same old story of character assassination.
@IdiotsShamer @erichmpratt @GunOwners In in England they prefer to stab bludgeon hack and throw acid in your face
@IdiotsShamer @erichmpratt @GunOwners America is NOT the nation with the most gun violence per capita.Gun violence is lowest in states that have the least restrictions on firearms. Its a factt cities with gun control laws have the highest rate of gun violence. How can one defend his family from attack without a gun
@harplover @Peoples_Pundit I just think we need to be clear about who the greatest American generation truly was. The founding fathers created the Bill of Rights the Declaration of Independence as well as fought a revolution against the most powerful military force in the world.
@CarolDy42663660 @USAHotLips The fact is after a certain period of time depending upon which State, prior conviction records can be expunged.The Constitution does not permenently debarr citizens of their Rights because of any prior offense.The Founders knew tyrants used the law to deprive men of their Rights
@erichmpratt @GunOwners The more restrictive a society is with their firearms the more violence is going to occur because law-abiding citizens are unable to defend themselves
@CarolDy42663660 @USAHotLips That sentiment is very unamerican. Once a man is paid his debt to society his rights are to be restored in full as well as his honor. Otherwise if Society refused to allow a man to redeem himself then Society would be to blame for preventing the man from reentering society
@harplover @Peoples_Pundit Just a friendly reminder the greatest generation was the founding Fathers generation. Those men fought a war with Rags wrapped around their  bare feet in the winter time with no food and then sometimes only a Bayonet to fight with.
@Peoples_Pundit @DianaFry18 Look at how many idiots believe that the world is flat
@GartrellLinda @1Romans58 Democrats have no ethics or morality they only seek power
@CarolDy42663660 @USAHotLips Once a person has been released and paid their debt to society they're no longer a felon. A felon by definition is someone who has been prosecuted convicted and is serving a sentence
@USAHotLips @1Romans58 They may give the inmates special privileges or extra food to vote Democrat.
The fact that Americans are going through 12 years of public education and still not knowing the Bill of Rights which is fundamental to functioning as a successful citizen in a free Society ,is a crime against the country ,and evidence of a conspiracy to destroy the Constitution. https://t.co/SCbbFppyiH
Ethno-nationalism is a benevolent socio-political philosophy that promotes freedom, peace , prosperity and sustains the heritage and culture of the People.
@kimmi_chelle @Jess_Luvs_Trump Prisoners should not be allowed to vote but anybody who's paid their debt to society should have all of their rights restored in full without exception
@DineshDSouza Hate for white nationalists it's still just hate. Remember the Constitution and the Bill of Rights was written by white nationalists.
@jimlibertarian @1Romans58 The breakdown of Justice in the legal system is one indication of the potential Civil War
@StoddardLothrop @Nature_and_Race The truth about world war 1 &amp; 2 is essential to understanding the enemy of all humanity and nature. These masters of media propaganda have monopolized the western media to falsely program and mislead a large portion of thw world to love their oppressors and to hate their allies.
@Nature_and_Race @VictorMace3 National socialism produced the greatest economic recovery in history.This is the true reason for its suppression.They dont want other nations to realize that whenever they expell the jewish banking monopolies and implement a new social order that peace &amp; prosperity will flourish
@twitswits @Jess_Luvs_Trump She's going to be very destructive to the Democrat party to the advantage of the Republicans
The left's lack of morality and ethics is a true embarrassment and a disgrace to American culture. The sooner the left dies out the better.
@talk_noel @ActivePatriots I was about to post the exact same sentiment great minds think alike.
@ActivePatriots @Janiwink Beverley Knight is an atrocious pick to play this part and really denigrates history.
It's time for the lovers of freedom to start considering alternatives for reforming into a new nation in the future as America has become infiltrated and subverted by leftwing radical revolutionaries and can not be saved without a great conflict.
@Israel_Owns_USA @GirloftheWade The Rhine Meadow death camps that Eisenhower formed after the war was over. Eisenhower declared POW's to be enemy combatants so he could evade the Geneva Convention. He then intentionally killed millions of Germans through starvation and exposure to the elements
The Democrat party has become verifiable domestic enemies of the Constitution and the lawfully elected govt. https://t.co/irYdYNQC86
@MarkMyw90832187 @WorlMedia I think individuals need to understand that Catholicism is beyond a religion like Islam and Judaism these are nationalist theocracies that have their own laws their own Military Intelligence their own everything
@WorlMedia @Janiwink The Catholic Church one of the wealthiest institution on the planet that spends more money on defending the pedophiles in their clergy, than they spend on the poor.
@jar631 @John_KissMyBot @AMErikaNGIRLBOT @skb_sara @WeWontBend You're too busy throwing American adults in prison for growing medical marijuana
@krazyjoe12 @John_KissMyBot @AMErikaNGIRLBOT @skb_sara @WeWontBend Muslims have on average 6 to 12 children it won't be long before we're outnumbered and outgunned. Further, our children are being taught to be weak and overly tolerant to those that would even destroy them in their own country. Islam will eventually destroy America if allowed to.
@dawg_lb @John_KissMyBot @AMErikaNGIRLBOT @skb_sara @WeWontBend If the federal government cannot or will not protect the borders the American people have the absolute right to do so
@John_KissMyBot @AMErikaNGIRLBOT @skb_sara @WeWontBend Radical Islam is being protected by the Democrat Party. The Democrat Party has become domestic enemies to the United States Constitution and the sooner that America wakes up and acknowledges this and deals with them as such, the better
@westland_will Can you imagine if someone showed up to Disneyland and demanded  free entry into the park because they brought a kid with him but they can't afford to pay for tickets to get in?
@patcondell @DVATW @guardian Americans should no longer tolerate being called racist bigots or accused of so called "hate crimes"merely for attempting to preserve our own country and Heritage. No more tolerance for these constant attacks on American patriots, that weigh down the national Spirit.
Democrats should have to sponsor and house all illegal aliens entering the U.S. that have been caught and released into the United States for at least 2 years
@TheElusiveFox64 @CjBeenWylin Americans are guilty of watching too much TV and sports and they get a false perception of who many black people are but when they actually have to live in the same neighborhood as them, then they get a more realistic perspective of the consequences of their naive  point of view.
The nation of atheist and Satanist cannot exist among the nation of Christians one of the two must perish.
@Hellrazor1984 @KTHopkins @LauraLoomer @lsarsour @AbdulElSayed You're absolutely correct my friend
@Steverino53 @contramundum14 @Nerdspiracy The truth shall set you free. The perspective that it's mean or somehow cruel to point out the truth is a result of the extensive programming since birth by the radical left that owns our educational system as well as our media. We all suffer to some extent of programming
@contramundum14 @GirloftheWade The systematic attempt to deprive caucasians of their culture is evidence that an orchestrated conspiracy to commit genocide is exists and is occurring on a global scale. Predominantly from the Communist talmudic left-wing radical revolutionaries.
Americans have the absolute authority under the Constitution to use necessary force to secure the nations borders, particularly if the federal government is either unwilling or unable to do so.
There is no such Provisions for special protected classes of persons under the Constitution. Constitutional laws are to be distributed equally without discrimination.
@wayotworld The fashion industry has been weaponized to manipulate and control women. This is why they continue to portray the perfect woman as being extremely skinny and frail because they're intentionally being malnourished to weaken the nind and open the door for extensive programming.
What about all the hateful speech and content that's been directed at the President and conservatives in the past last year? MSNBC and CNN should be banned from television if we're going to keep the same  standard that Alex Jones has been subjected to.
@ramzpaul The Jewish community has been at the front &amp; center of the push to  decimate freedom of speech in Europe, Canada, Australia and have now set their sights on America.
#VerifiedHate https://t.co/qVcgzWm298
Alex Jones censored https://t.co/TpLOTNVIpu
@swilkinsonbc @VictorMace3 So I guess any and all legitimate political opposition against Jews is anti-Semitic?
@RealMAGASteve I consider antifa to be domestic enemies
@VolkishFolklore The world desperately needs the white race to survive and be prosperous.
@Empress_Wife The Jews control all of the media Outlets
Im white awake! Are you?
We didn't need large standing police forces prior to the age of forced integration and multiculturalism.
@AFeminineVoice_ @Interstate_85 This is exactly the intention of the talmudists that have sought to destroy Europe and America with a multi strategic war that includes infiltration, subversion, and mass displacement.
@TOOEdit APAC is the largest lobby in Congress. They Dole out the most campaign funds. All members of Congress, regardless of party, are expected to sign a pledge stating that they will support Israel. Its very unpatriotic
Further evidence that the white race is being systematically targeted. https://t.co/IiDxkH8BfV
Facebook and other corporations depriving individuals of their First Amendment Rights to the freedom of speech, is the epitome of fascism.
@macaddress007 @StefanMolyneux It's a lot more organized and sophisticated than that there's an ancient enemy it has the intentions of global domination and now it's a technological Revolution the time has come.
If the world is so safe that we no longer need National borders, then explain to me why we just spent 700 billion dollars this year on defense.
Ethno-nationalism is the most enlightened perspective that one will ultimately obtain.
@Nature_and_Race Voting should be a weighted measure of ones intelligence , experience ,and knowledge. The more you know the more your vote weighs in. Thats much more just and fair, then equating the votes of a teenage stripper and a professor of Constitutional law ,as the same.
@Nature_and_Race That's why America's founding fathers were much more prudent on who got the power to vote. It was free white men that owned land because they're the ones that had to defend that land.
What's the point of an ideology surviving, if the race that created the philosophy itself does not survive?
@DrDavidDuke Without white people there is no America
RT @Mens_Corner_: Ever seen a monkey steal a bike, get chased by a dog and ride that bike like a boss??? Thank me later!! https://t.co/6Jvn…
RT @ramzpaul: True! https://t.co/bOLy8DeR9G
@DrDavidDuke My god daughter learned how to shoot at the age of 6 it was a pretty good shot.
@lhmcclure1 The Jews are masters of infiltration and subversion. They learned a long time ago that when you control the money system of a country you control everything about that country
Abolish the Department of Justice
Jews have deceived many people into believing that they are a separate and distinct race, Theyve done this in order to gain the sociopolitical power of being in a "protected class" However,  Judaism is a religion. Zionism is a nationality.
Islamophobia??   Its not a phobia if the thteat is real.
@sglueckert @DLoesch @jimfusillibooks @NRA Yes Jesus said buy a sword ,and if you cannot afford a sword to sell your robes to afford one. Revelations 3:29 will reveal who he considered the enemies on Earth to be. They still exist today and are still just as wicked.The money changers he whipped out of the temple.
@DLoesch @jimfusillibooks @NRA Jesus was merely preventing Peter and his disciples from being killed by the roman soldiers. If Jesus had actually knew his destiny was to be crucified, then his last words would not have been. "FATHER WHY HATH THOU FORESAKEN ME?"
@westland_will @benshapiro Shapiro's just another Jewish media tool.
The same media and pollsters that told America that Donald J. Trump had absolutely no chance of winning the 2016 Presidential election, are now erroneously telling America that Republicans have no chance of winning the midterms.
The Earth has been warming up slowly for the past ten thousand years. . The climate is ultimately heliocentric.
@CMCommentaries Every single person that is illegally blockading the road should be fined and arrested
The deep state along with the media keep using the ambiguous term  "meddling", with regards to the elections but they still havent given us an example of exactly what the Russians supposedly did?  U.S. intelligence agencies are not trustworthy.
From Saddam Hussein, to Osama bin Laden,  to Vladimir Putin it's always just one scarecrow after another.
@RyanAFournier @GaetaSusan Freedom is not an entitlement or privilege granted by government, but is a natural Right...
Disneyland does not grant free admissions just because someone brings a child along with them. Neither should America grant illegal aliens admission into our country ,just because someone is attempting to traffick a child along with them as their "free ticket".
There's no Authority Under the cConstitution for the Department of Justice. The DOJ has become a corrupt and very dangerous Institution that must be replaced before it's too late.
"Fear of firearms, is an indication of emotional immaturity." Sigmund Freud
Remember Bob Mueller was the head of the FBI during September 9-11 attacks. He absolutely is not to be trusted https://t.co/VGjdj1YwXo
Illegal aliens will do the job most Americans won't, like destroying the Constitution
@dbongino @sandra8301 Jim Jordan is a true warrior and a true patriot this is why the left-wing Radical Media tried to slander him and defame him with false accusations that make no sense whatsoever.
@realDonaldTrump If you truly support the Second Amendment and freedom in general you will support the inevitable technology of 3D printing a firearms
If the Deep state attempts to usurp the President or harms one hair on the head of Donald J Trump there will be hell to pay in this country. There will be no quarter.
A so called "establishment politician" is a politician that is loyal to the deep state, rather then to the Constitution.
The reason that there's no egyptian record of the Jews being enslaved and building the pyramids, is because the pyramids were constructed thousands of years before Abraham walked the Earth.
Jim Jordan becoming the next Speaker of the House of Representatives will be another great victory for the American People.
@AmyMek Once the Aussies gave up their Right to own guns they gave up the ability to defend themselves. Now theyre slaves. Its only going to get worse. Appeasement will soon turn into resentment. However by the time the majority of Aussies wake up to their own demise, it may be too late.
@Geraldi36333459 That's why I had to boycott Facebook I recommend everybody gets off Facebook not only do they censor but they target people for intelligence agencies as well
@lisamikol1969 @DanShaltiel @mattgaetz The fact that Twitter is a private Corporation does not exempt it from being liable if they do violate the constitutional rights of citizens or the laws of the United States of America.
@StefanMolyneux The globalist money changerrs dont want to see America get stronger on any front.Theyve declared war and strive to destroy America and Europe.Their vision of a communist one world govt. cannot survive or compete against the freedom &amp; prosperity of capitalist nations in the West.
@shanejur @FranSism1g Considering McCains record for all we know the CIA or deep state could have arranged to get their hands on McCain after he was shot down.They could've used Vietnamese assets to pose as NVA, while they were actually brainwashing and programming him the to be a manchurian candidate
To think we live in a country where if an individual sexually mutilates themselves they can be given special rights, protection, and privileges.
Americans must beware.  American intelligence agencies should be held in suspicion by the American people. Any information presented by the so callled intelligence agencies should be considered untrustworthy unless its been confirmed and reaffirmed by different multiple sources
There's no such thing as a "protected class" of citizens under the Constitution. Any legislation that would create a protected class designation for sodomites or other minorities, has no basis in our constitutional law. It must be considered null and void without force and effect
@LarryEKlayman @realDonaldTrump @michellemalkin @IngrahamAngle @seanhannity @marklevinshow @larryelder @MonicaCrowley President Trump should definitely be exercising overight over the Department of Justice regardless of what his political adversaries would say. It's the right thing to do, and the Constitutional demands it. Its detrimental that we do not let the DOJ operate as a rogue agency.
@usacsmret Russians did not hack the DNC servers. The hacking was done as an inside job by DNC employee SETH RICH who was very upset that the candidate he supported Bernie Sanders had been cheated out of the primary, by the DNC and the Clinton machine. Seth Rich was assassinated
@usacsmret In Psychology it's called displacement. The Democrats have a very bad case of displacement, they're constantly blaming their political opponents for the crimes that they themselves have committed.
Congressman Jim Jordan will be the next Speaker of the United States House of Representatives. Rep. Jim Jordan ,of Ohio, will make a great House Speaker.
The Mueller investigation is not just a Witch Hunt. It is a political weapon of the leftwing deep state to destroy, intimidate, and harrass the political supporters of President Trump. The DOJ uses its infinite resources to bankrupt the average U.S. citizen in court. No justice.
No person or agency that has the power to endanger the public's Liberty should be beyond reproach. In fact there should always be safe guards and oversight upon any agency that has the power or authority to deprive even just a single citizen of their freedom or property
@Israel_Owns_USA @Interstate_85 Israel is not our Ally., in fact she's our greatest enemy
@Headline_ws @vkinkela They need to turn these African terrorists into target practise for the Spanish army.
@StefanMolyneux What to expect, they're not RIGHT.
@TheElusiveFox64 There's a big difference between an agnostic and an atheist. The agnostic wisely states that he doesn't know if there is a God.  However an atheist falsely professes to know for a fact that there's no God, yet can not prfovide any proof for that claim.
Jeff sessions has become a liability the president you should be terminated immediately
Americans cannot allow the DOJ to operate as an independent &amp; separate branch of government.Under the delusion that the DOJ and its employees are above reproach.If Congress cannot or willnot exercise oversight and the president refuses to do it, then the DOJ needs to be abolished
@TheElusiveFox64 The form of "atheism" that you're referring to, is actually an( anti -Christ) movement that's disguised as atheism.
@FraterRogerus Where is that white privilege?
@ryteouswretch @DianaFry18 @Twitter It's definitely happening to me. My accounts definitely been shadowbanned it's not hard to tell when you go from having constant comments to absolutely none
@TheElusiveFox64 "Sticks and stones may break my bones but words will never hurt me."   We learned this as children, but it seems like so many people never did learn this very important lesson. The white race has been more generous and charitable than any other group of people on the planet.
@TheElusiveFox55 The Jewish agenda is absolute Global dominance. The destruction of all western nations is underway. Undermining all Western ethnic solidarity Is essential. Their goal is for israel to become the central state for the new world govt.
President Trump needs to declare a National Emergency on the southern border and send the military down there immediately to secure the Border
Maybe these posers should have thought about their reputations when voting on legislation.	7 Republicans Hoping to Avoid the RINO Label in 2018 https://t.co/LRWqYSqI5i #Newsmax via @Newsmax_Media
Dan Coates is from my home State of Indiana. Coates has been a deep State tool his entire career. He's not to be trusted under any circumstance.
@TheElusiveFox55 I think a lot of its censorship on social media  intimidation by the media. However Peoples fears will soon be over ridden by the necessity to preserve their own lives and property.
The people must Amend the Constitution to prevent the federal government from bankrupting its citizens based entirely upon accusations alone that a crime has been committed.Excessive legal fees are punitive and violate the presumption of innocence that U.S. Citizens have a Right
All former public servants that are no longer currently employeed in the government, should not have any type of classified or top secret clearances. All security clearances ought to be dissolved  when or if employment is terminated.
Abolish the FISA courts, and any other secret courts. The very existence of secret courts violate the letter &amp; spirit of the Bill of Rights. Secret courts and secret proceedings undermine the integrity of our entire judicial system.
In Revelations 3:9 Jesus admonished those that called themselves Jews, but are not. He said they were of the synagogue of satan.Jesus was referring to those that practise the evil talmud. Authentic jews strictly adhere to the Mosaic law or the Ten Commandments, not to the talmud.
Laissez-faire used to be the primary component of liberal philosophy. However, today its virtually impossible to find a single Democrat or a liberal that even knows what laissez-faire is and it's even harder to find one that would support it once they were reminded of what it was
The United States federal government is still operating as the de facto "world government." If were going to continue to play captain planet, then we ought to do it right.
@ScrewedHumans The Deep state is employing left-wing radicals to intimidate and distract the republicans from prosecuting Hillary and all of the other "deep Staters" like John Brennan, because there's a lot of skeletons in the closet
@V_of_Europe @Commodore_1853 We should Deport every single alien back to the Moon
@Stephan48599650 @charliekirk11 If you have any doubt about the #WalkAway  movement just go to YouTube check out all the interesting stories
@charliekirk11 The public educational system is the most serious threat to the American nation. Intentional arrested development to dumb down the youth with programs like common core. They're forced to take drugs and unecessary vaccines. While being programmed to be anti-American communists.
No FBI agents kicked in Hillary Clinton's door in the middle of the night.The FBI gave Clinton and her lawyers plenty of time to destroy evidence and govt. property.They ensured that she wasnt prosecuted for the many felonies she committed.They sabatoged her political opponents.
Lou Dobbs is the most sincere commentator on Fox. https://t.co/pNlmYTEfvU
Glibalists would love to see white Christian America destroy white Christian Russia https://t.co/v6fPFrDezV
The DOJ and FBI cannot effectively investigate themselves. The DOJ' has proven that it requires an outside independent authority to have an effective oversight over the agency.The DOJ has a tendency to conceal &amp; withhold pertinent information from the American People.
@MarkACollett That's deep
With the government keeping so many pertinent facts concealed from the American people, it has become impossible for the People to effectively govern themselves.
@ramzpaul F.D.R was correct to intern the Japanese. The Japanese had thousands of spies all over the Hawaiian islands, as well as on California which were responsible for the Pearl Harbor attacks. Also note that Germans and Italians were also placed into internment camps
Abolish the DOJ and FBI. If these agencies are capable of secretly targeting and framing a wealthy &amp; famous Republican Presidential candidate as well as the 45th President of th U.S. Imagine the wicked torment that they can put the average American through..
Russia is not sending thousands of violent blood thirsty drug cartel gang members into our country every day. Americans really need to ignore the major  media conglomerates and put things into proper perspective.
@lhmcclure1 Roundup the employees of the ADL arrest them and try them for treason or treat them like the domestic enemies that they really are
@FranSism1g In the future either America will be destroyed and converted into an Islamic Nation, or there will be a mass deportation of virtually every single Muslim from the country. America is totally incompatible with Islam.
Save your hate for the Deep state. FISA warrant application supports Nunes memo https://t.co/aEphJtgzPf
Bob Mueller was the corrupt FBI director during 9/11 attacks that covered up all the evidence
@LibertarianBlue @MarkDice We should boycott companies and corporations that infringe upon their employees First Amendment speech
Abolish the FISA court. Secret courts are un- American and unconstitutional.
@JJskitzo @charliekirk11 That's just it, why do you think they've let so many illegal aliens into the country as well as non-european immigrants
@charliekirk11 The Declaration of Independence is the greatest document ever written
Abolish the DOJ and the FBI.
@ViveCharlieMag @DVATW Crush a commie
@FraterRogerus It appears to me that apartheid was better for both races than the arrangement that they've got now
Those that want to build a wall  to secure our borders, will not want to continue to keep living with those confused &amp; misled people that want to have open borders. A house divided , can not stand
@FraterRogerus @BillKristol By the way the greatest generation was the founding fathers generation. Those men fought with Rags around their feet in the winter time to make sure that freedom reigned in America. They didn't just simply invade foreign sovereign countries and kill millions of their civilians
@_1st_1_Back_ @ROHLL5 The only reason the ninth circuit ruled in favor of Second Amendment advocates, was to prevent the case from proceeding to the Supreme Court and creating a precedent.
@TheElusiveFox55 Revelation chapter 3 verse 9 Jesus declares that they are the children of the devil and then they are not his people.They were the murderers of the prophets and the synagogue of Satan. Their grandfathers were murderers and Liars
@___croak @TanyaCornfield The Naturalization Act of 1790 listed that only free white men would be citizens of America. That's why they had to ratify the Fourteenth Amendment to create a status of US citizen for the recently freed slaves. There is a difference between an American citizen and a US citizen.
@___croak @TanyaCornfield Constant programming by the media and public education has indoctrinated our kids into Marxist anti-western postmodernist culture ideology that promotes white genocide
The media is capable of getting a significant portion of the public to believe that the president of the United States is a Russian spy.This reveals just how weak minded and gullible a small portion of the population is and how the media can program the masses to believe anyrhing
No former government official should have any classified or secret clearance. Once someone is discharged from public service in the federal government, their clearance should also be discharged.  However that's not the case former public servants still retain top secret clearance
@NewFrontierland I have no idea why president Trump appointed this man from the minute he stepped up to the podium I knew that he was a weak spineless complicit coward
The DOJ &amp; FBI are not independent and separate branches of government. They are in the executive branch and are suppossed to be subordinate to the President. The fact that the DOJ is a rogue agency and operates without real oversight is cause to abolish the DOJ and replace it.
@westland_will Don't negotiate with terrorists. The radical left-wing will continue to shout, screech and be hysterical as long as some people keep responding to these lunatics by allowing them to alter our objectives or behavior. Weve got to keep trucking on, as if they're not even there
How did Booth get close enough to Lincoln to shoot him with a tiny derringer pistol.The gun wouldve had to be right up to his head to deliver an accurate enough shot to be deadly.Why didnt his guards prevent Booth from walking right up to President Lincoln's head and shooting him
The fact that it's easier for American citizens to be thrown in prison and prosecuted then it is for someone in the government to be disciplined proves our constitution is no longer in effect
" No man with the power to endanger the public's Liberty, shall be above reproach." John Adams   Americans must reject the absurdity that intell and DOJ agents are above politics, or are above reproach. They have misled our nation into protracted and unlawful wars, like Iraq. https://t.co/Iuswh7SCw3
It's time for Republicans to treat the Democrats like it's 1861 again
@gholson_fort @Thomas1774Paine The CIA could put Chinese or Russian fingerprints on their own activities. And this is exactly what they do . Misdirection is textbook strategy in cyberwar and espionage. Blaming the enemy is the goal of a " false flag "attack.
@Thomas1774Paine @squiggs0802 The DOJ and the rest of the federal government likes to ignore the fact that Israel has committed more acts of Espionage against the United States than all other nations combined put together
@MansardtheGreat @DianaFry18 The wages of treason is the death penalty
Obamabrats can't stand to see America become so successful under Donald Trump's leadership
I wonder if the Democrats blame the all-time record high stock market on the Russians, or what about the GDP doubling, or record low unemployment, and all time consumer confidence in investments.. That must be Putin as well .Who needs allies when you got enemies like Russia.
" Commerce with all nations, alliances with none. Ought to be our motto." Thomas Jefferson
@VolkishFolklore Self-determination and freedom of Association are Hallmarks of a free Society
@FoxNews @Jim_Jordan Despite the absurdity that 25 years later someone claims that you should have known something. My gripe is ; Adult men are responsible for informing the authorities themselves. No one else is responsible for another adults unwillingness or apathy to report a crime or an offense.
@FoxNews @Jim_Jordan This is a perfect example of defamation. Unfounded false accusations being used to damage an individual's reputation without any evidence. The media hopes that their false accusations will damage the political career of the targeted individual. Its just hearsay on top of hearsay
@AkuraElvas @wayotworld @KTHopkins @PrisonPlanet @jordanbpeterson The latest DNA research in Israel, has revealed jews to be an amalgamation of the three root races negroid caucasoid mongoloid. Which is to be expected with the jewish diaspora population being widely spread across the globe.
@AkuraElvas @wayotworld @KTHopkins @PrisonPlanet @jordanbpeterson I agree, Judaism is not comprable to a regular religion like those that are protected under the 1st Amendment. It is a ethnonationalist movement, complete with its own branches of government, religious , legal, military, and many other aspects that make it a nation.
@Jenniferhoffman @V_of_Europe France is well on its way to become a Muslim country in the next quarter-century. Europe is being conquered not by military invasion , but by a subversive Invasion of the governments from within, by zionists, in order to destablize the Western nations in order to destroy them.
@DrDavidDuke It was obvious to me that it was a false flag. There was absolutely no incentive for Syria to wage a chemical attack, but there was a motive for Syria's enemies, particularly Israel, to wage a false flag which they are the masters of deception
@PersonOfLight The Constitution was instituted to protect all white free individuals Special privileges and rights for non whites is antithetical to American law and jurisprudence. I think its fair to say that our Constitutional Republic has been subverted. We ought to look towards a new future
IfJudaism is a race so is Buddhism Hinduism, Zoroastrianism, rastafarianism, Mormonism Etc does this include the converts to judaism? So now we can choose what race we are. The hews prove that their power and influence has no bounds. https://t.co/QhibsWoUOW
@AkuraElvas @wayotworld @KTHopkins @PrisonPlanet @jordanbpeterson The Jews would technically be considered a sub race in anthropology. Due to the fact that they've kept a strict policy of inbreeding for so many centuries they do have distinct genetic characteristics. However Judaism is still just a nationalist religion
@NRO @DavidAFrench " Commerce with all nations, alliances with none, ought to be our motto."  Thomas Jefferson
@NRO @DavidAFrench NATO is an outdated and very expensive organization that either needs to be completely reformed or abolished all together
The media is not even hiding the fact that the CIA and intelligence agencies were running the media. Now they just put the spooks ( agents ) right out front &amp; center to be the talking heads.
Top five treacherous rhinos in the United States Senate.    Murkowski -AK,,, Collins- MNE ,,Flake -AZ ,,McCain- AZ,,, Graham - S.C.
@Calgacus83AD @wayotworld @KTHopkins @PrisonPlanet @jordanbpeterson The Jewish talmud directs them to seek world domination . Research their "GREATER ISRAEL" plan, and itll become clear that their goal is to make israel the capitol state of the world govt.
@AkuraElvas @wayotworld @KTHopkins @PrisonPlanet @jordanbpeterson No matter how much inbreeding they do, Judaism still is and always will be a religion not a race
@wayotworld @Emperor_Albus @KTHopkins @PrisonPlanet @jordanbpeterson White christians have supported self-determination and freedom of Association for jews, but it's just disgusting that so many Jewish  organizations work to oppose any effort that is made towards our own ethnostate.
@1Romans58 @BreitbartNews Sure wish we could release all the Democrats in the country
@LiarMPs @PCisfinished That's affirmative action. The police have been directed into not pursuing crimes vigoursly that have been committed by so-called minorities
The left-wing media's incitement of conflict and hysteria against Russia ought to be construed as a threat to the National Security United States https://t.co/lRcei6BIL4
@1776Stonewall Democrat Party is domestic enemy to the Constitution
@NewRightAmerica The reduction in testosterone and fertility in men has been caused by the intentional addition of xenobiotics &amp; phytoestrogens in our diet. There's a war against masculinity because it weakens our country's ability to defend and reproduce itself.
Imagine all the filth and trash underneath the surface that you can't see. We must protect our oceans and coral reefs as essential to our survival https://t.co/r6anBOrZ2m
@HarmlessYardDog @fraynarthur1 The media Monopoly is controlled by only zionists they own the entire Western media including printing houses educational books in the music industry
@OliverMcGee @back61soprano @realDonaldTrump Democrats expect us to believe that illegal aliens did not vote in the 2016 election. The Electoral College along with the Census proves that they absokutel did. Hillary only won 16+ States there's no way she could have won the popular vote when Trump won 33+ States
In1865 after the Civil War whites could not vote, hold office, or own guns  Former slaves were killing raping and stealing in mass.This led to the formation of the Klu Klux Klan.The Klan served as a defensive force to protect whites as well as vigilante force to carry out justice
@clayfeathers @darhar981 White people are leaving California almost as fast as theyre leaving the democrat party. They can't exercise their 2nd amendment Rights. Cali has become a sanctuary state.. Proposition 45 has made all crimes under $1,000 unenforceable. Its too dangerous to live in California
@fraynarthur1 Diversity is not bad if its applied properly. For instance it's great to have a world with several diverse nations and cultures. It's a catastrophe to try to put all of those different races and ethnicities together in one country and expect them to thrive
@fraynarthur1 @GlobalMostXlnt The so-called intellectuals on the left will claim there is no such thing as race and then the next day argue that racism is the biggest problem in the world. They are flippant because they have no ethics. Their positions are mutable because they have no cardinal principles
@usacsmret We are wasting our time trying to reason with Democrats , Stop trying to bring them into a rational state of mind. They don't care about ethics or philosophy and they certainly don't care about our Constitution or American heritage. They are unfortunately domestic enemies
@RealAlexJones One thing I really don't like about the Trump Administration is his tendency to recycle people in his administration when there's over 300 million people in this country to choose from. He keeps choosing from a very small pool and that is counter productive to draining the swamp.
We don't need the president , Congress or our Judiciary. Since the DOJ and the intelligence agencies are above reproach and unlike everyone else they're above politics and are moral infalliable angels. We should believe everything they say regardless if there isnt any evidence.
Congress claims to have created the Department of Justice however Congress does not have the authority to create additional departments of government in the executive branch that requires a constitutional amendment.
@StefanMolyneux Bernie Sanders campaign was a "show campaign" he was chosen to pose as a controlled opponent that would lose to Clinton. The intention was to energize the far left wing of the base and consolidate that base and then after Sanders lost he was then to endorse Clinton. Dems cheat
@USPatriotBrig @GlobalMostXlnt If the Democrats were smart they defeat her in the general election
@USPatriotBrig @GlobalMostXlnt Freudian slip
The fact that our so called "intelligence agencies" didn't discover Hillary Clinton's illegal private server, which was a clear breach of our national security, proves tthat they're either incompetent or that they are complicit. I think that the latter is much more likely.
@HarmlessYardDog It's not just on a national scale that we ought to be concerned about. The leftist agenda of displacing whites in America is the same strategy that theyve implemented for the global government agenda which will be the genocide of the white races and nations on a global scale.
@TheElusiveFox64 White flight is as old as the white race.The caucasian race has built up civilization after civilization, only to be out reproduced by subjugated races  forcing us to continue to relocate and build new nations. America will be lost unless we can turn white flight into white fight
Men tend to govern with reason. Women tend to govern with emotion.
If a nation's rule of law becomes undernined, twisted &amp; perverted the people will suffer. Without the rule of law the People will have no security, peace, or prosperity
@Thomas1774Paine @Richard39618833 translation. Only Jewish approved media will be allowed on Facebook
@RL9631 @DianaFry18 @POTUS @WhiteHouse I hope that explains trumps bias towards Israel he favors his real more than any other country it seems hopefully he knows what they're capable of doing and what they have done in the past to the United States and the rest of the world
The President is effectively the chief law enforcement officer of the nation. Subordinate to the President is the attorney general, the DOJ and its Affiliates such as FBI. However since Watergate the DOJ has been allowed to operate independently without any ovetsight or ditection
President Trump' is making a major mistake allowing the Department of Justice to operate on its own imperative without any oversight. Its the POS duty &amp; obligation as the commander in chief of the executive branch to exercise oversight and give direction to the DOJ
Portugal adopted the libertarian position 10 yrs ago regarding drugs. They had such a horrible epidemic of heroin addiction &amp; overdoses. After legalizing drugs, deaths went down by 95%and drug use was actually reduced significantly. Regulation reduces the public's burdens &amp; cost
A few Russians posting some random Facebook ads did not  interfere with our election system. Its the radical leftwing deep state and certain covert agencies that are actively and continuously feeding the media propaganda and causing the husteria,  conflict and division.
@neontaster @benshapiro The volunteer civilian militia should be the one providing Security in this country to speakers not professional paid security or police
We wouldn't have to worry about any country interfering in our election system if we went back to the dependable paper ballot system and require that each person had a registered paper ballot.
@bski19d @CNN The CIA is feeding CNN so you can imagine how skilled they are at gaslighting people and psychological warfare. It appears that Russia is going to be their scapegoat in hopes that they can incite a war so they can cover up their own crimes while eliminating their political foes.
@MarkACollett The left wing has become a marxist party. A post -modernist political movement. They are no longer just political opponents, but have unfortunately become domestic enemies and a very real and present danger to our freedom,  Constitution and our very lives.
Make no mistake, the founding generation was the greatest generation.
Democrats are obviously trying to  conceal their own  crimes and conspiracies with Russians  by falsely accusing their political opponents Putin’s Bombshell Claim US Intel Officials Helped Move $400,000,000 of Russian Money Into Clinton Campaign https://t.co/ofbLQxt7lw
The war being waged against the Western male population to intentionally reduce  testosterone and fertility in men is perhaps one of the most serious CRISIS that we must face. And soon. Or we risk losing our ability to defend and reproduce ourselves.
@ramzpaul Julian Assange from WikiLeaks revealed that Seth Rich ,the DNC employee, that was assassinated . He was the one who leaked Hillary's emails not the Russians he made it explicitly clear that was not the Russians
Wake up man . Everything you think you know and want is just programming. Find and follow the truth , wherever it may lead you.  Only the truth will set you free. https://t.co/RFapOoiqUx
@westland_will The president should have that individual arrested for attempting to foment seditious acts and Insurrection against the sitting President of the U. S.The radical left is pushing to ignite a conflict.Thats why were starting to see the walk-away movement. People are leaving them
@TOOAJoyce @MrPatriarch_14 Jews remind me of that old Tootsie Roll commercial jingle "whatever it is - I think - I see, -  becomes a anti-semite to me."  		Sing it goys*
Can jew imagine if America's Patriots become too timid to exercise their freedom of speech.
Common Core was intentionally designed to hinder your child's ability to learn mathematics, English, and the Natural Sciences. In other words your child is being  intentionally dumbed down.
All mass shootings have one common denominator. The perpetrators were consuming potent antidepressant drugs. These drugs should never be consumed. Natural remedies are more effective at treating depression.
We keep hearing from these intelligence agencies and these old neocons and neoliberals that we should hate Russia and that we should believe their unproven accusations.. These old neocons and neoliberals have yet to produce any evidence whatsoever to support their claims
We can't exclude the possibility that the CIA used some of their Russian assets to post some Facebook posts because that's what they are declaring to be Russian meddling in our elections it's pathetic and it's absurd
Until we're able to get rid of the deep State and Shadow government, America is basically held hostage. Too much pertinent information is being concealed from the people, preventing us from making wise decisions, and even knowing what' reality is.
Americans look like fools blaming Russians for what Putin does. Hes just one person that is not going to be president much longer. Russia is a country with hundreds of millions of people. Imagine if the world held all Americans accountable for George Bush and his invasion of Iraq
@TheElusiveFox64 A good social safety net is a temporary program to help individuals get back on their feet like unemployment insurance Disability is there to help  sick citizens that have consistently paid into social security. Not to give out welfare to illegal aliens and lazy useless eaters
@RealAlexJones Russia has become a scapegoat by the Democrats. They refuse to a ccept responsibility for their own actions. They have no morals they have no ethics. The "ends justify the means" They just want sociopolitical power at any cost.
@Lion_ofthe_West @Outsider__14 @no_N0_no Jews have long had control over most of the western governments via monopolization of their monetary systems like they've done here in the United States with the Federal Reserve. This is exactly why they've been expelled from so many countries in the past two centuries.
@os4185 Chris Wallace is a deep State tool. He should be tarred and feathered
@RandPaul It's hard to believe that he voted for the Communist party in 1976. Which was the year of America's Bicentennial celebration. When the whole rest of the country was celebrating our shared patriotic sentiment, he was waving a communist flag. He still is a marxist traitor.
Affiliation with any communist movement or organization is against federal law https://t.co/NcdJWYXLak
@FraterRogerus Comey's just not smart enough to keep his own mouth shut
@kenny6727 We might as well refer to them as extra secure universities
By default Americans are conditioned and programmed by popular culture and the indoctrination / education system to adopt the neoliberal mindset. However if we are fortunate, eventually life's experiences brings us back around to the truth and to our patriotic conservative roots
Americans will once again learn to Value their privacy and personal information security when they find themselves on one of the governments lists to be being rounded up for concentration camps for their political beliefs
US intelligence spooks expect us to believe that they've got evidence of Russian hacking of DNC computers, that they won't let us see. When the reality is theyre trying to cover up the assassination of SETH RICH. The real source of leaked emails of Hillary Clinton via WikiLeaks
All of this worrying and concerning ourselves with other nations and our foreign entanglements aren't going to matter too much in the near future when we lose our own country.
Don't blame Libertarians we were the ones that informed you that the Patriot Act would be used against the American people and would be weaponized to attack American citizens and here we are watching them do it in 2016 election to try and undermine president Donald Trump campaign
@fraynarthur1 "Democracy is the first step toward socialism." Karl Marx The Founding Fathers were adamently opposed to democracy as a form of government. Democracy, the word, is not in the Constitution. We are a Republic that employs democracy in a precise and prudent manner.
@fraynarthur1 This problem is not going to be solved by us pointing out the facts ,reasoning,  debating, or reporting on statistics. This is a war and we're going to have to fight it eventually, or perish from the face of the Earth forever.
RT @adriandt31: PUTIN DROPS BOMB AT HELSINKI PRESSER: US Intelligence Helped Move $400,000,000 to HILLARY Campaign		No wonder Dems &amp; Deep S…
U.S. intelligence agencies constantly feed the media the information that they report. This is the prinary source of FAKE NEWS or propaganda. Both the media and intelligence agencies are not to be trusted at all. They are to be suspect until the People can reform our entire media
Us intelligence agencies are professional liars and assassins. They've lied to get us into war after War and theyve manipulated the U.S. time and time again. One would have to be an absolute moron to believe the fake intelligence agencies.
Gizmo https://t.co/iQRafJoTpi
@westland_will @DeplorableToast You know its Israel that's behind this attempt to incite war between Russia and United States
America is in a volatile state We must be prepared for the Deep state to be exposed These people are very dangerous and will do everything in their power to start war, because the fog of war is how they cover up their crimes and enables them to eliminate their political opponents
The Clinton political machine killed several Americans to conceal their crimes and further their political agendas. The Clintons make Putin look like a saint
The Deep state preys upon the fear of the People. Now that their war on terrorism has winded down and theyve killed millions of people they've targeted Russia to be the new Boogeyman that we should all be scared of and they're going to lie and deceive us to acomplish this.
@sandra8301 Democrats have no ethics, they have no morals. They're no longer just political adversaries they are Bonafide domestic enemies of the Constitution. Alll Americans that are not enemies of the Constitution must abandon the Democrat Party immediately.  Don't walk away run away
The same enemies that are trying to create a genocide against the white race of the Earth, are the same enemies that are trying to incite war between Russia and America, so they can kill two birds with a single Stone.
We should put Democrats in concentration camps before we even consider going to war with Russia. The Democrat party has become real enemies of our Constitution They think that they're going to turn us against Russia and start a war to take the focus off of them.
The Deep state is trying to use an indictment to convict Russia of b******* absolute b*******
@normmacdonald @MrHuWhite It's a very dangerous proposition because it really means that the ends justify the means.
The elite want to incite war between the United States and Russia simply because they want to destroy both nation and kill two birds with one stone
It's a fact that our intelligence agencies are lying about the Russians hacking the DNC because Seth Rich is the one that leaked the emails. it's foolish for the average American citizen to believe these professional liars and assassins and allow them to lead us into disaster
It's the same intelligence agencies that told us there were weapons of mass destruction in Iraq and we had to immediately go to war that are now telling us that the Russians hacked the DNC when in fact, Seth Rich was the one that leaked the emails but he was killed to cover it up
John Brennan should be immediately arrested for treason and tired and feathered and strung out in the middle of the street like the traitor he is
People need to understand that our own intelligence apparatus and agencies are capable of using Russian assets to create the illusion that Russia is involved in activities that in reality it's the  American agencies that are guilty.
@JLPtalk Democrats are colluding with the deep state to cover up the fact that Seth Rich was murdered by leftwing operatives in order to conceal the fact that he leaked the emails and that there was no Russian collusion.
Just watched the Family Guy episode where Jesus gets thrown in jail for telling the whole world that the Jews were responsible for all the world wars. Peter had to go and bail Jesus out. While in jail Jesus said "this world's just not ready for him yet"
@Fight_CIub @wayotworld @thealpright Democrats are no longer just political adversaries. They have demonstrated clearly with their actions and words that theyre domestic enemies of the Constitution. They do not seek to make lawful amendments but to Abolish it and our heritage and usurp it with socialism.
@wayotworld The prime principle is individual sovereignty . One's own freedom to pursue  happiness. Self-determination and freedom of Association are quintessential to the natural law.  I like the old adage "birds of a feather flock together"
@ABC Democrats in the Obama Administration sold 25% of our uranium to Putin the Democrats were in power when Putin took Crimea and the Democrats gave the reset of the Russian sanctions under Obama Hillary had her private server setup so she could sell secrets to Russia and others
@ABC Liberals are pathetic in their inability to accept the fact that the American people voted Republican just like they voted for a republican house and Republican Senate and that most of the governors are Republican and most of the state legislatures are Republican
@ABC Just like there were weapons of mass destruction in Iraq we cannot trust these intelligence agencies people and we certainly can't trust the media let's not let them push us into World War 3 based on more false lies We Can't be Fooled Again
@TheElusiveFox55 Racism is when you cause injury or harm to another individual solely because of the race.  	 Ethnocentrism- the preference of one's own race and the tendency to reject or exclude any foreign race.
@JLPtalk @realDonaldTrump We must continue to honor our Founding Fathers They gave their lives, treasure &amp; sacred Honor to create and establish the most innovative &amp; prosperous Constitutional Republic in history. We the People must assert our Sacred Sovereignty and let Freedom reign.
Democrats really are insane with all of their false accusations about Russian collusion &amp; interference in our elections when it was the Democrats that cheated in their last primary campaign disenfranchising Bernie Sanders supporters. And they also obstruct any attempt at voter ID
All blood atonement religions, are false religions.
@MadKween @TheElusiveFox55 Any honest individual that does their objective research on foreign policy realizes that it's obviously Israel's ( Plan for a Greater Israel ) based upon their desire to expand their national borders is the primary reason why the United States is involved in the Middle East wars.
@PKsbpdl The Democrats are just trying to incite hatred against Russia because Russia rejected their Socialist Communist Marxist philosophy 30 years ago and have adopted federalism and democracy
It's ironic that the white people that are susceptible to "white guilt" complex programming; tend to be, by their own nature ,prejudicial in their judgments of other people. Their tendency to accuse others of racism reveals their subconscience fixation of their own sense of guilt
@JMcfeels Not only does this illustrate ignorance  but it also reveals the deeply perverted and Twisted mindset of the leftist communist that has to destroy and denigrate everything in society with their goal being the same as the postmodernist to destroy  everything that's good
@Winobie @TheElusiveFox55 The swastika is one of the most potent sacred symbols which is why it was chosen by the "Adolf the Great" in the first place. It is a perfect symbol for the Aryan race
@TheElusiveFox55 Hate is not a crime , it is a normal healthy human emotion. We should always judge an individual by ones actions if one commits a violent action then the rule of law enables us to levy the appropriate measure of Justice. The emotional state of the person is irrelevant to justice.
@FraterRogerus He said" we slaughtered the wrong Pig " he also considered Germany to be the most Civilized Nation in all of Europe ,and he regretted what the United States was doing to it and felt it was unjust and unfair and that the Real Enemy was communist Russia
@d00b604 @PeterSweden7 They employ false Flags because they have to justify theyre own violent actions against the Palestinians thats also why they only use bottle rockets as a scary show for the suckers theyre not dangerous it's more of an illusion and that's why no one's is ever killed by the rockets
@PeterSweden7 Those bottle rockets didn't kill anybody that's why it was not on the news
@TheElusiveFox55 The sooner the white people are gone the sooner it'll happen
You can fool some people some of the time, but you can't fool all the people all the time. I suspect these Russian indictments are bogus. I don't trust Mueller, or Rod Rosenstein at all. I trust that they will lie and try to cover up and conceal and mislead
@QuilletteM @DanFriedman81 The first amendment protects all speech regardless and who's speaking. The left wing's accusations that everybody and anybody is a nazi, just because they say so This is not Constitutional grounds to debarr somebody of their freedom of speech
@CNN Donald J Trump is a much better president than that Tyrant Abraham Lincoln
@RalphNader And that's more threatening than anything else.0
@linkolawave @Werewolf_Viking The right-wing environmentalist is called a conservationist
It's insane for Americans to criticize Russia when it's the  American federal govt. that invaded The Sovereign Nation of Iraq and killed over a million civilians and destroyed their country under completely false pretenses.
@FrederickCalca2 @JMcfeels @michaelmalice The Anti-Federalist papers
@JMcfeels @michaelmalice Many of the Founding Fathers were opposed to the Constitution.Thomas Jefferson, Patrick Henry and George Mason were oppossed to the central consolidation of power and they warned against it.They might as well be prophets because every single one of their predictions has come true
Do you think the Democrats are ever going to apologize for all of the defamation,  lies and false accusations that they have continued to wage at conservatives, republicans and the President United States?
@TraceySRogers1 He demonstrated what a professional liar he really is. There is no truth within him, because there's no honor within him. And it's disgusting to see someone like that claim to be an outstanding person and to be beyond reproach, when you know they are just the worst
@JaredBeck @RealMattCouch Bernie Sander's campaign was a "show campaign"he was the controlled opposition. Chosen to energize the far leftwing of the base but then lose the primary and then endorse Clinton. Just like he did. Nothing sincere about his campaign that's why he wasn't mad about Hillary cheating
@sasha_volkova55 @SecureOurRace What's even worse is the fact that building 7 wasn't hit by a plane at all but they had to go ahead and bring it down  Remember the plane that was supposed to hit Building 7 somehow ended up in the field out in Pennsylvania
@RedFox556 @SecureOurRace Obviously George Bush couldn't carry out such a sophisticated attack without the support of sophisticated organizations and lots of money and power
Test your knowledge of the deep state &amp; shadow government. Who do you think is really behind the 911 attacks. https://t.co/o1fssqd7yj
The dramatic reduction in male fertility rates in Western Nations that's caused by plastics, vaccinations,GMO'S, soy in foods, and other environmental toxins, along with mass immigration and miscegenation of Western nations will destroy the native caucasian race in North America.
The treacherous Democrats have no credibility whatsoever. They constantly demonize and attempt to incite conflict against Russia.  They claim Putin is evil incarnate and a global threat. However, the Obama administration sold Russia 20% of our total stockpile of nuclear uranium.
@_HowardBeale @PeterSweden7 This is worse than any little Holocaust this is the end of Europe and the displacement of the entire European race
@PeterSweden7 This is nothing other than the Conquering and Miscegenation  of Europe
@JMcfeels @TOOEdit What's the odds that Rosenstein just happens to wait to release these indictments when the presidents got his first trip to Russia to see Putin further proving that the Deep state is working with the Democrat Party
@FkEviLMedic @akaginacaputo @ThomasWictor Is that real or is that photoshop cuz that's pretty creepy it really does show a vicious narcissistic character
@TheElusiveFox55 Just like calling somebody a Viking except Vikings killed a lot more people
@JohnCooper0610 It's public knowledge that Seth Rich is the one that leaked the DNC emails to Julian Assange and Wikileaks which then released it to the public. Assange made it clear that Russia did not give him any emails. Dems keep pushing this false narrative to support false collusion claims
Peter Strzok portrayed himself as being above reproach and a beacon of integrity for the FBI. Then Congressman Louie Ghomert reminded him of just how devastated his poor wife must be to find out her husband is a lying cheater with no love nor respect for his wife or his country
Peter Strzok has lied so long in his career that he really doesnt know how to shut it off. He literally is conditioned to lie. No wonder he lied to his wife and betrayed her it's just what he does, he can't shut it off
@logicrules2 @ForgottenIndep1 @CoalCitizens @LouDobbs @Jim_Jordan @realDonaldTrump I've heard nothing but unfounded accusations and no evidence whatsoever The Liberals have gotten so used to accusing people on heresay except their own, they don't hold their own accountable.  Accusations regarding adult male wrestlers being molested by a doctor sounds ridiculous
@TalsmaGirl67 @CarlyHall17 @LouDobbs @Jim_Jordan @realDonaldTrump Obviously he has no evidence of a crime because there is no evidence of a crime I think if Mueller would have had evidence of a crime he wouldn't have waited this long to take Trump down and he certainly wouldn't have let Trump nominate two supreme court justices I guess well see
@SpankyScooter @CoalCitizens @LouDobbs @Jim_Jordan @realDonaldTrump It is absolutely not acceptable to abuse  or injure any person. The point I was making is that when you're an adult male or female, (18 or older) it's a personal responsibility to go to the authorities and file charges if you are abused, injured ,or someone has caused you harm
Deep State thugs are using the Department of Justice to bully the president.  The President has the absolute authority over the Department of Justice as it's a component of the executive branch and he needs to exercise authority over it and not allow them to control it.
The Department of Justice has 37,000 employees. With that large number the possibility of multiple subversive groups forming with radical intentions is certain. That appears to be the current state within the DOJ.Either President Trump cleans house soon or else abolish the DOJ
@brianu2402 @usacsmret Only a few bad apples? If the top of the head is bad the body's most likely bad. Not all of them, i'd say about 30% of them are corrupt to the Bone. If their were so many good agents how come they're not arresting the bad apples why are they afraid to blow the whistle DEEP STATE
@usacsmret As long as I've been a critically thinking adult I've not trusted them. The fact that they can't release the Kennedy assassination records speaks volumes about the CIA. However the attempt of the deep state to usurp the presidency from Donald J Trump has really woke the masses up
@CoalCitizens @LouDobbs @Jim_Jordan @realDonaldTrump Where I come from we call them grown men you know college wrestlers aren't children they're grown men and grown men are responsible for themselves
@CarlyHall17 @LouDobbs @Jim_Jordan @realDonaldTrump It's been like this for decades my friend you're just now seeing the very surface of it because this is a very serious attempt at usurping a presidential election
@TXGirl56 @LouDobbs @Jim_Jordan @realDonaldTrump Mueller didn't kick him off the investigation until the IG Inspector General brought it to his attention he had no choice after that
@Tim_Chauncey @LouDobbs @Jim_Jordan @realDonaldTrump Where I come from Grown men are responsible for their selves and if you're a grown man and somebody touches you violently. Easpecially if youre a college wrestler you punch them in the nose or put them in a choke.
@LouDobbs @Jim_Jordan @realDonaldTrump Today he testified that Mueller spoke with him 15 to 30 minutes about his bias when he was getting kicked off the investigation.
The founding fathers would have started a Revolt by now.
The Democrat party is no longer just a political adversary, debating on which policy is best, they have become domestic enemies of the Constitution.
@westland_will After watching him testify I can tell that there's a deep culture of corruption in the FBI in the Department of Justice to the extent that we're going to have to abolish the department of justice and FBI entirely and reform a new institution in its place
@Paintking And Hillary Clinton commits Espionage on a grand scale as well as other felonies and the DNC murder of Seth Rich for leaking Hillary's emails ..Yet she sets free
@ldavis2349 @Paintking Unfortunately America has large numbers political prisoners
@ShermanOaksLaw @kwilli1046 @Hellrazor1984 The Bill of Rights expresses specific rights asserted &amp; retained by the people If these rights are violated, an individual can sue to seek restitution or remedy for any injuries
@ShermanOaksLaw The tenth amendment makes it clear that the States are the reservoir of Sovereignty and only that which is made specific and explicit is authorized to the federal government In the case of illegal immigration and border security the federal gov. has specific authority to maintain
What's referred to as "pop culture" is really just the oppressor's propaganda and mind- control programming. Courtesy of the old money changers.
There are many peaceful Muslims. However it's the other 50% , that are radical, violent and barbaric that concerns me. It would not be wise to count on the peaceful &amp; passive muslims to stand up and stop the stronger more radical ones. Islam will always seek to conquer &amp; convert.
People that have to depend on their emotions in order to try to further a debate, have no knowledge base or rational  intelligent perspective to share.
It's not just a random coincidence that the radical left has aligned themselves with islam to take down the Patriots of this country .
California's Proposition 45 made many felonies into misdemeanors and made any property crime that was valued at $950 or less, to be a non priority for police and they do not respond.  California's declaration to be a sanctuary state means its no longer a lawful state of the Union
This is a policy that a healthy society has but an occupied nation will encourage immigration of foreigners to displace the native population. Like king George did in the war. Success! Hungary Begin to Increase White Births Without the Aid of Immigration - https://t.co/K2x8ews2U3
@midwestern68 @BlackDawning @Veritasu77 @SilverHowie @TheElusiveFox55 The Amish are not a race but because theyve breed in closed groups of individuals theyve become a sub-race of the caucasian race This is similar with the jews. There is new DNA research out that proves ISRAELIS are NOT blood  relatives of biblical ISRALITES but are from  converts
If there was any actual evidence that the deepstate could utilize to destroy Donald J Trump and ruin his presidency they would have definitely done it before he nominated to Supreme Court Justices to the court
Two years is long enough for the deepstate to fabricate virtually anything that they want. They obviously want to persecute and damage the presidecy of Donald J Trump
@TheElusiveFox55 Jews will accuse others of the crimes that they themselves do Jewish Hollywood and the media are always constantly slandering Americans that live in the South for allegedly being inbred, when in all reality the Jews have fundamentally practiced inbreeding for thousands of years.
@midwestern68 @BlackDawning @Veritasu77 @SilverHowie @TheElusiveFox55 Judaism is actually a religion theyve got members from every race in the Jewish religion but they've been inbred so much and so long,  that theyve created a racial subclass that leads them and many others to believe that they're a separate and distinct race. Jews are a mixed race
@AndrewUSA1776 @TOOEdit You're exactly right. This is why I use my First Amendment right here in America to re-educate our German brothers and sisters about the past. Destroying the lies that they've been subjugated under all of their lives.
@DefendEvropa Not one citizen was able to defend and save the life of another citizen because the English have foresaken their right to keep and bear arms. The Right to keep &amp; bear arms was once enshrined n the English Declaration of Rights. Free men are well armed while slaves are unarmed.
We hear the radical left-wing democrats screech about precedent and settled law when it comes to infanticide or "abortion" , yet they were completely silent and content when Posse Comitatus &amp; Habeous Corpus were thteatened..
@TOOEdit @nytimes The DOJ is the rock under which the Deep state is hiding underneat. They're doing everything possible to prevent the People from lifting up that rock and discovering what is exactly underneath. A deadly Viper ready and poised to strike a fatal blow to The Republic.
The Constitution dictates that the citizens militias ,as authorized under the 2nd Amendment, are responsible for suppressing any Insurrections within the United States. The clarion call is out to all patriotic militias to suppress the radical antifa terrorists n the United States
The DOJ cannot ethically  investigate its own agencies and employees for felony crimes. A special prosecutor or investigator, independent of the DOJ, is required for justice to be properly carried out
@AMike4761 @wotofobill The globalists are the talmudicJews.The talmud is where they get the philosophy of world domination with a jewish messiah/ dictatorship that rules with an iron fist. The gentiles that survive will be slaves.Israel is to be the world capitol. "Greater israel" is the current agenda
The audacity of contemporary Society, to be so judgemental and arrogant, when it comes to the history of slavery is hypocritical. Considering there more people incarcerated today in the United States than anywhere else in the world.
@AndrewUSA1776 @TOOEdit Decades of Allied brainwashing and propaganda has been forced into the German people's (sub)Consciousness since WW2. They have been intensely programmed with self-hatred and guilt.  Blamed for crimes they didnt committ, accussed of being the aggressors when they are the victims.
@TOOEdit Jews have had a deep genocidal  and long hatred against the Germans that existed all the way back into the 17th century
@ThatDamnedGamer @Styx666Official Still not certain why the federal government does not force states to uphold the Second Amendment they certainly like to enforce the 14th and 16th amendments with vigor
@Styx666Official The exercise of one's First Amendment right is not exclusive to the exercise of one's Second Amendment right. In fact both ought to be exercised simultaneously. One compliments the other.   "An armed Society, is a more polite Society."   George Washington
95% of the law enforcement officers that swear an Oath to the Constitution never read the Constitution and 99% of them have never read it and taken it to heart. If they did read it their conscience would force them to quit their jobs for having to violate the Rights of the People
@RealMAGASteve He was the FBI director during 9/11 that covered up the evidence he is as corrupt and Criminal as any person in the Deep state
@RodStryker @RealMAGASteve That's actually an advanced age for sex in the talmud
@EuropeanNosta1 Americans are so racist that black people are afraid to leave the safety and security from being under our wing. let us go and live by ourselves in peace
" Democracy is the first step towards socialism."  Karl Marx	Despite the lie that "we are a democracy", that's repeated over &amp; over again by the fake media. America is a Republic its not, nor has it ever been a democracy. The very word democracy does not exist in the Constitution https://t.co/lzu9EiUiu6
@blindsideZ3R0 They actually we're working towards a plan to do so after gun confiscation
@RussiaBot9000 @a_Pepe_life "Even the very best of the Gentiles should be slaughtered"  quote.  The Talmud calls Jesus a heretic thats boiling in excrement in hell. And that his mother mary was a whore. I recomend doing an internet search on the hate of the talmud..it says that non jews cant own property
@ShermanOaksLaw @kwilli1046 @Hellrazor1984 The Constitution actually does also apply to individuals and corporations in effect if you violate somebody's First Amendment right as a citizen you can be sued and or prosecuted.
President Trump putting pressure on NATO Nations to pay their fair share is excellent because it forces the big gov. , big spending Socialist states to have to reign in their welfare states.
Liberia was obtained by U.S citizens to aid &amp; assist in repatriating the African descendants of slavery. This is their inevitable destiny. America ought to build the infrastructure of Liberia as reparations. Schools, ports,industries, homes, hospitals ect. https://t.co/l97aaWXPrU
If radical socialists were to actually win elections and succeed in passing gun Prohibition in the U.S. they would most likely declare all gun owners to be nazis and execute the owners of those guns knowing that if they dont, they will have a civil war on their hands
@westland_will Yeah this is really a free country when a white man can't say a word that's in common use by every other Ni****r in the country
@JLPtalk @realDonaldTrump " To discover the truth of who rules over you, discover who you are not allowed to critcize in public."  Voltaire
@TruCelt @Nunnistrunz @Gregg093 @moseisleyport76 @SteveBo43165335 @PradRachael @TheGoldWaterUS @SenTedCruz The electoral college is there to prevent one or more states from cheating with the votes with illegal aliens or just by adding fake votes That's why we take a census before the vote and then give a proportional number of electoral college votes to each state before the election.
@PoliticallyRYT HE should go back to Mexico with his white spite he's not wanted here in America
@VolkishFolklore Birds of a feather always flock together
@MarkDice Blacks also commit extremely high rates of violence on whites and the rapes that are committed by blacks on whites are usually accompanied by violent assaults
Bill Maher never denigrates or slanders the Jewish religion.
Round them up and put them in FEMA camps.https://t.co/RaYcClxXfa
Liberals have succeeded in using the media and public education to indoctrinate a default political position of liberalism into the American people  iIts not until they later become experienced and do critical thinking on their own that they become conservative American Patriots
@cr14carlson One of my grandfather was a tank commander in the Korean war. He came back a severe alcoholic Imagine his tank crew drunk and patrolling the hillside Ive got other family in the military and my best friend.. They all drink heavily and its a part of the culture in my friends unit.
@poconomtn @KatTheHammer1 @chuckschumer @KamalaHarris The whole Democratic party is in an open state of treason against the United States Constitution and that's not hyperbole that's why people are walking away from the Liberals in mass
@thedailybeast @MichaelDalynyc He has correctly ruled that the Second Amendment protects the right to keep and bear arms, and form well-regulated militias to provide for the security of one's community This sacred Right is to ensure that our own government never becomes tyrannical and puts us in slavery
@AndrewQuackson As the wealthiest  beacon of civilization Id support a constitutional amendment that all natural born citizens get Healthcare. We spend enough money on military that we can spend a little bit on taking care of ourselves.
The Army encourages alcohol consumption to make soldiers more likely to exercise violent behavior and to make them emotionally numb to the harm and destruction they cause. The Army opposes cannabis use because it heals and enlightens &amp; opens the mind and makes one more peaceful
If the corrupt department of justice can do what they've done to president Trump, imagine what they've done to the average American for the past 50 years. ABOLISH the DOJ &amp; FBI
German Zionist wanted their political adversaries the Orthodox Jews to be eliminated because they oppossed and were preventing the Zionists from forming the nation state of Israel. Thats why you had the zionists working in the prison camps targeting Orthodox Jews for elimination.
It has become obvious to the American people that the Department of Justice is hiding the criminal Deep State operation and its black agents that  seriously threaten the Liberty, Constitution  and People of the United States.
The Jews declared and started war on Germany first and we're committing acts of terrorism ,assassination, insurrection and they burnt down the Reichstag. The democratically elected leader of Germany ,Hitler, had a duty to protect the German people https://t.co/fjLhLOnxpt
Remember it's the same intelligence agencies that spy on us and that told us Iraq had weapons of mass destruction and were an imminent threat to the United States, that are telling us that Russian collusion happened in the 2016 election.
@jcrlinguist @a_Pepe_life All of the court evidence was obtained via torture and fabricated in order to justify the war crimes that were committed by the allies against Europe and the German people This is also used to justify the reparations which basically resulted in a lifetime welfare program for Jews
@BNBHODLER @a_Pepe_life The Jews want to make sure that theyre only seen as the victim because it conceals the fact that they were actually the primary instigators  and were the first to declare war against Germany. It's easy to heap all of the guilt upon those who youve destroyed an erased from history
@BNBHODLER @jkljra1 @a_Pepe_life many of the black and white photos of prisoners are Germans and other Europeans not just jews. The Jews that were in those camps were Communists radicals and other criminals.
The entire fake Russian collusion investigation was the insurance policy that Peter Stroik was referring to, in his infamous emails. They've been used to undermine, defame and attack the presidency of Donald J Trump. Their end game objective being the impeachment of the president
Obama ,Clinton and the Democrats tried to undermine the  2016 election by weaponizing the DOJ and intelligence agencies  and even going as far as inserting spies &amp; agents into the Trump campaign.
Without the War on Drugs there is no drug cartels or gangs. Prohibition of any substance that adults demand to use, only creates more crime, social problems, and violence  Regulation and quality control reduce death and public health hazards.
@jcrlinguist @a_Pepe_life @AJoyceTOQ Their use of the "Holocaust" as a weapon has actually inspired people to do their own objective research leading them to realize that allied /communist propaganda is full of lies and deceptions that have led us to believe the very opposite of the truth
@a_Pepe_life @AJoyceTOQ The real Holocaust was against the European people they suffered a lot more than anyone else nearly a hundred million people yet the Jews are only focused on themselves. They also ommit the fact they were primarily responsible for the Bolshevik Revolutions killing of 60 million
@cryptoautistic @a_Pepe_life Palestine that's where the Six Million bodies are collecting reparations
@a_Pepe_life @AJoyceTOQ I'm so happy to hear that you've seen the light. All one has to do to find out the intentions of the talmudic Jewish people is to read their talmud. Its quite clear that world domination and the destruction of all other nations is theit ultimate goal.
@TOQJoyce @westland_will You're correct they only consider themselves even after white Christian Europeans have given them sanctuary for centuries, they still continue to monopolize and centralized the wealth and power only to themselves
@JohnSau58396411 @dbongino Ever think about what happens after they've eaten all the dogs
@dbongino "Democracy is the first step towards socialism." Karl Marx The Founding Fathers were oppossed to democracy as a form of govt., because they considered it to be " mob rule."  A reactionary form of government that is unsustainable and always decays into a dictatorship
@skydreamUSA @CHIZMAGA @jeanineeg Well it's not either or, many people ithat are teaching in the federal ystem are indoctrinating our kids with all manner and form of toxic ideologies
All Americans, regardless of political affiliation, ought to be outraged that any innocent person who has not been convicted of a single crime, can still be sent to prison without bail. This is an egregious violation of the presumption of innocence and the 6th &amp; 8th Amendments.
@Nature_and_Race The right of the white race to have a separate and distinct Homeland sanctuary
@dbongino Conservatives have to stop letting the media and the Democrats get away with accusing every conservative person that comes up in leadership of being a sexual predator. Uphold the presumption of innocence until proven guilty Beyond any reasonable doubt by a jury of your peers
@FraterRogerus @pseudopostmod How come every Federal Reserve chairman happens to be Jewish  that wouldn't have nothing to do with the fact that all of the federal reserve banks are owned by Jews?
Democrats are really going to screech and growl when they find out that President Trump is going to get to replace her with another Constitutionalist. https://t.co/XsfiEfGTzT
Mike Pence is the most effective and active U.S.Vice President in contemporary history
@TheWhiteSide14 @FashNova It still allows us to identify who they are so when the day comes we know who's who
@DVATW They're there to out breed you in 50 years
@cjscalia @PatriotJenn With her being a socialist she doesnt know anything about our Constitution. She should read the articles of impeachment, and understand that a sitting president can not be prosecuted or indicted for a crime. He has to be impeached first and then he can be potentially prosecuted
White shaming is lame......
@blaircottrell89 Stand strong brother you're not alone, that pattern is familiar to anyone who tries to tell the truth and stand up for their own Heritage and culture. Thank you for your efforts in the struggle for freedom
One beneficial reform to the Supreme Court would be term limits on all justices. This will prevent justices from continuing to remain on the court, when they are too old to effectively perform their duties and obligations. Justices should serve one single fixed term of ten years.
@ArchKennedy @Nunnistrunz That's probably why Berkeley was still a good school back then
@MarkACollett British people like Americans need to understand that when the Jewish mafia or any  organized oligarchy have a monopoly over your entire monetary system like they do here in America with the Federal Reserve They will control everybody and anybody that can be bought or coerced.
@FraterRogerus It used to be the death penalty in America if you traded or gave a gun to an Indian
@FraterRogerus That's why they clarified it with the Naturalization Act of 1790 which made it clear that white free men are the citizens that vote and hold office
A test that any law or act of legislation must be required to pass, is whether or not the  particular law was empowered or derived from the Judiciary. If so then the law must be null &amp; void because only the legislative branch can be the root or Originators of any law in America
@JMcfeels The Democrat Party is dying.
@V_of_Europe @wotofobill The French look like the fools of the world letting uncivilized Muslims over run their society is absolutely ridiculous and is a global embarrassment. Nothing new for the French.
@CHIZMAGA @jeanineeg I oppose special rights or privileges for people just because they're sodomites and I especially disapprove of our young children being manipulated and indoctrinated ,further confusing them during adolescence when they've already got enough natural confusion of issues going on
@thedailybeast I think we should nip China before they grow too strong.
Uphold the presumption of innocence and the 6th and 8th Amendments of the Bill of Rights. Free Paul Manafort
If Mueller's investigation had any teeth he would have already bitten off Trump's head before he was able to nominate two Supreme Court Justices
@PeterSweden7 How long does it take for a Swede to realize his government is a bunch of liars and idiots
@PeterSweden7 Islam belongs in Islamic countries not in the West
This is great news to patriots ears.	Trump pardons Oregon ranchers whose case sparked 2016 militia standoff https://t.co/fsoqg1ydWr
Elizabeth Warren actually called kavanaugh an animal. The Democrat party leader has no reservations calling an American patriot, our Supreme Court Justice nominee an animal and then they have the audacity to attack president Trump for calling MS-13 rapists and murderers "animals"
Any Supreme Court Justice that cites international law rather than the Constitution must be debarred from the bench immediately and permanently
I Wonder who the "sore loser" Democrats are going to try an blame for their loss in 2020 when Trump wins re-election in a landslide?
@FraterRogerus The Jews need to worry about the Israeli Court not the American Court
@FaithGoldy @Nerdspiracy This is exactly the type of policy and actions that we can expect from a Multicultural Society they seek to eventually replace our entire Heritage entirely as well as our people. This is why white peoples must unite and fight for our own Homeland.
Neoliberals like to screech about precedent and Stare decisis when it comes to judicial rulings. What about the precedent of the Bill of Rights that they continue to ignore
RT @RealJack: Democrats went from caring about children separated from their families to uncontrollably screaming in the streets so they ca…
It wasn't the British prime minister ,or the German Chancellor that delegated to get the Korean peninsula denuclearized. Making the whole world a safer place. It was  Conservative Republican American President Donald J.Trump
The Naturalization Act of 1790 declared all free white men to be American citizens. In1867 blacks were made wards of the state as U.S citizens under the 14th Amendment The fed govt attempts to conceal that there's a distinct difference between an American citizen and a US citizen
Pau Manafort has had his presumption of innocence, as well as his sixth &amp; eighth amendment constitutional rights violated by Robert Mueller, in order to coerce him into providing evidence of a crime that he can't give because there's nothing incriminating to give to prosecutors.
Democrats are already making an artificial intelligence robot to replace supreme court justice Ginsburg
Murkowski and Collins the two female Republican senators are more loyal to the abortion industry then they are to their Republican virtue
Chart revealing the jewish coyton plantation owners in the pre civil war  Southhttps://archive.is/fqZ7a/d6a89feca8e5d9ded73f8068ef3a58fe4279accd.jpg
The radical leftwing democrats in the West, especially America, have been successful in achieving their neoliberal agenda for the past century specifically because theyve been fighting a bona fide war against the Constitution, whereas conservatives have been kept playing politics
The Democrat's threat to pack the Supreme Court with activists in the future, is not new. FDR did this in the 1930 after the Supreme Court ruled his "New Deal" to be unconstitutional. So he packed liberal judges onto the court to overturn precedent and undermine the Constitution.
A Supreme Court Justice must be competent and capable of ruling upon principle. Justices are obligated to strictly adhere to the letter and spirit of the Constitution rather than relying upon unconstitutional precedents set by liberal activist judges.
The purview of the Supreme Court is NOT to interpret the Constitution. It was written in plain English for the citizen. The federalist papers exist to provide clarification of every sentence The courts duty is to apply the letter and spirit of the Constitution to subsequent law.
@vinzer10 @fraynarthur1 @Zucklon Because they own all of the TV media outlets in Hollywood plus all the producers and directors it's ridiculous
@VolkishFolklore @achievechange White nationalists has formed alliances with black nationalists because both want the same goal which is self-determination and the freedom of association. The objective is to sustain and protect cultural heritage
@fraynarthur1 @claudyyasff The majority of slave property in the new world was owned by Jewish plantation owners ,particularly cotton plantations because the Jews had a monopoly over the entire textile industry in Europe and needed cotton and the slaves to pick it.The Slave trade is what made the jews rich
@wizardofm_mg @wayotworld They still are enemies and that's the whole point of why our government are importing them in our country's for that purpose.  It eeakens the solidarity and sociopolitical power of patriots.Know your enemy
@wayotworld Multicultural societies always fail whenever the threat of govt force is removed. When the govt. stops providing welfare there will be an insurrection . If we were to have another Great deppression ,today, the majority would demand that minorities be expelled from the nation.
@Autisticated @FranSism1g @Keque_Mage I would definitely consider the decision to severally disfigure oneself in effort to become a mythical creature is an abnormal pyschological disposition . In other words Dude is insane .
The signers of the Declaration of Independence were the most knowledgeable, virtuous , &amp; enlightened men in recorded history. The result of their ingenious intellectual endevours has resulted in the prime creation of the most prosperous &amp; innovative society in all of history.
My advice to former Democrats that are walking away, is that they had better run away, or else their former liberal associates will stab them in the back
@RealMAGASteve The very fact that the Democrat Party nominates justices that are activists rather than judges that uphold the spirit and letter of the Constitution reveals that the Democrat Party is an enemy of the Constitution and has no standing whatsoever to criticize conservatives
The Democrats seek to appoint justices to the Supreme Court that do not uphold the LETTER &amp; SPIRIT of the Constitution but instead operate as activist judges or hyper legislators. This is open treason and proves that the Democrat Party are the domestic enemies of the Constitution
Judicial activism basically results in the court becoming a Super legislative branch
Even though the democrats know all of their false accusations are lies. It still gives all the left-wing radical zombies a sound bite to focus their hatred, anxiety ,and anger upon instead of them taking it out on the Democrats https://t.co/OlpL8bK8eb
@SarahPalinUSA @jeanineeg This is absurd that Americans are spending all this money catering to illegal aliens when we should just be able to turn them back around for deportation mmediately It's a horrible and expensive policy as well as a huge breech of our security. Our troops ought to be on the border
Russia may be able to provide some real hope for the white race as a future Homeland  The Jews are aware of this ,which is why they're trying to incite war &amp; enmity against Russia. 15,000 White South Africans to Be Given Asylum in Russia - https://t.co/b0Hs88NCue
The term "carpetbagger" from the Civil War was referring to Jews that went to the homes and plantations of murdered Southerners and stole their carpets and rugs and then shipped them off to Europe for sale. General Grant expelled the Jews from the south to prevent these thefts
Adolf Hitler the elected leader had the lawful duty to protect the German people from the violence, terrorism, and economic warfare of Judea( proto-israel)which had declared war on Germany first and was the aggressor Germany was coming out of a great depression and was vulnerable https://t.co/fjLhLOnxpt
@Nature_and_Race Although I'm an American Patriot, the success of German national socialism is self evident in having produced the most successful economic recovery in the history of the world and produced a quality of life unparalleled in the history of the world for the German people
@c_j8p0int0 @Outsider__14 Americans have been so thorougjly deceived with holocaust propaganda that theyve never been taught that the TRANSFER AGREEMENT was the actual final solution to the jewish question that was supported by an alliance between zionist jews and Germany to repatriate jews to Palestine.
@c_j8p0int0 @Outsider__14 Jews also claimed that the Germans killed 6 million Jews in World War ONE as well as in WW2 This is a strategy to force reparations on those that theyve conquered to keep them down The census recorded more Jews alive after the War then were alive before World War II started. Lies
@smartnotstupid The word racism ,with the media ,has become so ambiguous. I prefer precise English. Racism is when one person causes an injury to another entirely based upon their race. A joke or a story can't be racism because there's no harm or injury.Liberals are trying to weaponize speech
@1Romans58 That's why they call him desperate Dick Durbin
Africa is one of the largest resource rich continents on Earth ."African Americans" ought to consider a grand repatriation with the full support of Americas military &amp; industrial development Marcus Garvey knew this was the ultimate solution for the Aftican descendents in the USA
@RealMAGASteve Paul Ryan is a traitor and Im pleased to see him go. He's been one of the Prime reasons why the Republicans haven't got much done in Congress. I think Republicans need to switch leadership before the election to show the American people that they're done with Rhinos
@RealMAGASteve I support Jim Jordan to be the next Speaker of the House of Representatives
The people that seek to destroy the white race through demographics are historically inpatient, and will soon seek to expediate the miscegenation of the people they seek to eradicate
@fraynarthur1 After the Bolshevik Revolution the communist let people run through the streets and pick out businesses and homes of the people that they murdered so communist also have that desire in their minds that taking out large numbers  of people will be large amounts of opportunity
@RealMAGASteve The leftwing neoliberals have dropped their masks and revealed to the rest of the world that they really have NO tolerance, understanding,or compassion. They are the same vicious communist radicals that weve seen in history that murder tens of millions in mass and destroy nations
The majority in America has yet to feel the severity of consequences of mass illegal invasions of aliens. When they finally do, the backlash is going to be fierce. There will be organized mass deportations on a scale never seen before in history.
The great white race created the technological society and prosperous civilization that we enjoy today. Reject the post modern neoliberalism that threatens to destroy the West with demographic genocide.
@BarryOCommunist @AMike4761 These are grown men, they are not victims, that need to protection by their coach or anyone else they have their own personal responsibility to bring this to the attention of the authorities, No one else is responsible. If it actually occurred
@AMike4761 The Deep State wants another Paul Ryan to take over. Controlled opposition is what we're facing here. Jim Jordan would make a true and sincere Speaker of the House which will make true and sincere action in theHouse. They can't have that if they want to remain concealed
Jews are all powerful in Europe they like to lock up little OLD LADIES for telling their stories about World War II in a way that's unapproved by the Jews. This ought to trigger your conscience. Freedom of Speech is a true real human Right, that is currently oppressed in Europe.
@YardleyShooting @Macrobius1 It's not multiculturalism if one culture, specifically the Caucasian culture, is completely prohibited from discussing their own heritage. In fact that is discrimination, Prejudice and Hate
When was the last time that anyone actually witnessed the Klu Klux Klan trying to prevent  American citizens from exercising any of their Liberty whatsoever. Unlike the terrorists antifa
Residents that suffer from an injury by an illegal immigrant in the sanctiary state of California can sue the state of California for any injuries incurred by violence or negligence committed by illegal aliens
@LeaveEUPronto @PrideInLondon When men and women can no longer distinguish between one another, it will be very difficult to initiate and establish a healthy relationship with the opposite sex  This will put a strain on society as a whole.
@del50uk @garysmi35858744 @gerardjasper Not only have they themselves paid into it but there parents paid into it generationally as well as served in the military and other areas of the country's public service. First generation immigrants ought to be exempted from receiving social services.Theyve got to pay their dues
@GlobalMostXlnt @richardthefox64 Their media still works hard to conceal the fact that zionists officially worked alongside Hitler's Germany to create and pass the TRANSFER AGREEMENT which repatriated 	 Jews from Europe into Palestine. There was no official genocide of jews like weve been forced to believe.
If you believe in Blind Justice, then you are not a racist.
@francesloverly I honestly think if we allowed California to do that that they would conspire with other nations to cause us problems in any way they can Especially with communist China. Besides if we ever did allow them to have California wed only let him have South Cal we're keeping North Cal
@richardthefox64 @GlobalMostXlnt Please understand that the term Nazi comes from ashekanazi (jew)they were the allies of the Germans and worked towards passing the TRANSFER AGREEMENT which required jews to repatriate to Palestine via trains.This is what the ashekaNAZI zionists needed in order to form Israel
@GlobalMostXlnt @BBCNewsnight @kehinde_andrews It's a fact that the African continent was inhabited by hunter and gatherer tribes. Slavery, genocide, tribal warfare, cannabalism, human sacrifice, rape, made life short and hard in Africa.  However In the New World.They were first taught farming, animal husbandry, &amp; civility
@not_a_ten @sarahcwestwood I think its become political. He has not even been charged with any offense .Heresay should never be used to accuse someone in the public media. All people regardless of political veiws ought to be presumed innocent unless proven guilty. Innocent people shouldnt be defamed.
They dont want anyone doing their own objective research into WW2 Critical thought: What were the offenses of the jews that motivated most European nations to expell them and or take even harsher actions in some casesThere are two ways to destroy a nation the sword &amp; debt J.Adams https://t.co/TPa8Ya2I7Q
@sarahcwestwood These false accusations against Jim Jordan are so blatantly obvious that only a brain dead fool could fall for the same old strategy employed by the liberal left-wing media. Jordan is the most conservative person poised to be the Speaker of the House and they want to take him out
California prop 45 has made all property crimes that are less then $950 unenforceable. Illegal aliens committ so many crimes that they cant enforce basic property Rights This has made Califonia a very bad place to live. There is only justice for the rich and affluent.
So it looks like we see the true cowardly face of hypocrisy of the sour puss boys. They really dont believe in freedom of speech for all Americans. Theyve lost all respect and are no better then ANTIFA using threats of violence to prevent the free speech of others. https://t.co/0ChTKofMLI
RT @KMGGaryde: Morning Patriots!	Stand with Jim Jordan!	Don't believe the Lefts Lies &amp; Smears.	Stand up to the Liberal Media's Smear Campai…
@ramzpaul Thats the plan by the old money changers to keep Americans busy while they acomplish their agenda from within.
@westland_will The White House petition has well more than enough signatures to declare antifa a terrorist organization and as far as I know the DHS and other organizations have declared antifa to be terrorist organization
@westland_will Jeff sessions is a deep State traitor as far as I'm concerned
@Nerdspiracy Theyre still unwilling to give up the programming completely. Theg really dont have any clue about American history and the Constitution.
RT @INFOWINDCO: WOW.. ANTIFA KO! Rufio Panman TALKS About His Iconic Antifa Knockout - A... https://t.co/9aDl3jGHqf via @YouTube https://t.…
Those people that are trying to incite enmity and war between the West and Russia are the same people that were responsible for the Bolshevik revolution in Russia. They want to destroy and replace all nation states with a One World gov. Dictatorship.
We shouldn't be surprised to see the radical left-wing resort to violence rather than honoring the election process of democracy that's what communist do
DNC chairman says that socialist democracy is the new face of the Democratic Party. I think the Democrat Party is a collection of the domestic enemies of America
@bijela_Osveta Killing our nations youth is a big money machine for the old money changers.
@usaforyoubruv @DFBHarvard They did the same thing to Donald Trump but Trump iskept fighting on. Same old tactic.
@DFBHarvard @Success87473781 The founding fathers used to just ignore anything that had no truth to it just ignore it. Give it absolutely no response
@BionicRex @HuffPost @tanfrance He's just taking his orders from his Jewish master to denigrate white Christian European and American nations
Some blacks try to claim that slavery is why they commit so many crimes today, but the violence in Africa proves that it's just in their culture. Genocide, slavery, cannabalism, tribal warfare, rape , and human sacrifice are all common in African nations.
@chucktodd I know that Liberals are having a difficult time comprehending this, but let me explain this to you, the Biden rule that was passed by Democrats in the Senate. Prohibits nominating a Supreme Court justice in a PRESIDENTIAL election year or every four years.
FBI statistics claim Blacks commit 10 times the amount of robberies than white people do per capita
According to FBI statistics blacks commit four times the amount of hate crimes per capita and have tens of thousands more members in Black nationalist movements than the Klu Klux Klan has members
America's public education system has created a nation of serfs and debt slaves Under the claim that American heritage is all racist.Theyve been kept ignorant of the classical literature that gave rise to our free society. Therefore they will not be able to maintain our freedoms
The fact that Bob Mueller was the head of the FBI during 9/11 should tell you exactly who that son of a b**** is.