“Fishing-expeditions” should be over.   Require Dems to show NEED and SPECIFY the exact document they seek.  OTHERWISE, its the DOJ ignor &amp; delay strategy &amp; separation of powers.
The Press should report the news.  Not their opinion NOR those of their “talking-heads”.  Opinion belongs to the People and the Media does NOT represent us.
It began with a bogus dossier championed by partisan top level FBI brass who wanted Clinton elected.   They turned it over to Mueller who stacked the deck with Clinton stooges.
After all this time, if there had ever been ANY evidence of Trump wrongdoing, it would have surfaced long ago.
The Dems stick together right or wrong, legal or illegal WHEREAS the GOP eats its own and tries to play politically correct THINKING it wins them back-patting &amp; belly-rubbing.
There are numerous instances where folks were asked 1,000’s of questions to which they responded: I can’t recall.  And there’s NOTHING anyone can do.
For ANYONE being “interrogated” there is ZERO that can be done for a bad memory.    And you have the right to give your OWN answer to ANY question - not the answer they demand. To hell with yes &amp; no.
Eric Holder showed the Congress they have no teeth to enforce contempt or a subpoena.  Trump can do the same.
The Dems have NO hard evidence Trump did anything wrong.  It’s all supposition and the hope their fishing expeditions will SOMEHOW find what they don’t already have.
Strip Dems like Nadler of every perk that Trump has any degree of control over.  Subpoena all of Nadler’s tax returns, his pals, their families. Give them their own “medicine”.
Basic office-politics dictates Trump must analyze what he controls that clowns like Nadler needs and then cut it off.  Air travel, access to secure areas, WHATEVER.
DOJ hardly turned over 1% of everything Congress subpoenaed.   Trump must adopt the same strategy.  What can Nadler do - break into the WH?
America is fed up with investigations that have never found anything.  Over &amp; over the Dems search and find ZERO.  DO NOT give them another piece of paper without SPECIFICITY &amp; NEED applied.
They can issue subpoenas until the cows come home.  Eric Holder told Congress to kiss his ass and there was NOTHING they could do. Adopt the DOJ tactics now.
Trump should use the same strategy with the Democrats that DOJ has relied upon:  take your time, delay, etc., BC there isn’t a damn thing Nadler can do to speed anyone up.
This is America and “Fishing expeditions” by the Democrats must be limited to a specific  NEED for a SPECIFIC document they already know exists.  Not “search” for the unknown.
Democrats had no problem with the corruption in the Clinton Foundation nor any other Dem illegal acts.  Why?
Regards Cohen &amp; Matt Gaetz, we the people are entitled to know all about Cohen who has raised distrust of American lawyers.
If shit could sing, Cohen would be a walking jukebox the same as Pelosi &amp; Schumer.
"Don't interfere with anything in the Constitution. That must be maintained, for it is the only safeguard of our liberties." ~ Abraham Lincoln
"We the people are the rightful masters of both Congress and the courts, not to overthrow the Constitution but to overthrow the men who pervert the Constitution." ~ Abraham Lincoln
"America will never be destroyed from the outside. If we falter and lose our freedoms, it will be because we destroyed ourselves." ~ Abraham Lincoln
Govt isn’t a solution to our problem. Govt doesn’t solve problems; it subsidizes them. Govts view of the economy: If it moves, tax it. If it keeps moving, regulate it. If it stops moving, subsidize it.  The problem is that government spends too much. Ronald Reagan
"There is no limit to the amount of good you can do if you don't care who gets the credit." ~ Ronald Reagan
"Never remain silent in the face of bigotry. Condemn those who seek to divide us. Teach tolerance, denounce racism, anti-Semitism &amp; ethnic or religious bigotry wherever they exist as unacceptable evils. We have no place for haters in America -- none, whatsoever." ~ Ronald Reagan
"Live simply, love generously, care deeply, speak kindly, leave the rest to God." ~ Ronald Reagan
"Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction. We didn't pass it to our children in the bloodstream. It must be fought for, protected, and handed on for them to do the same." ~ Ronald Reagan
"If we ever forget that we are One Nation Under God, then we will be a nation gone under." ~ Ronald Reagan
"In this present crisis, government is not the solution to our problem, government IS the problem. It isn't so much that liberals are ignorant, it's just that they know so much that isn't so." ~ Ronald Reagan
"We must reject the idea that every time a law's broken, society is guilty rather than the lawbreaker. It is time to restore the American precept that each individual is accountable for his actions." ~ Ronald Reagan
Freedom is fragile thing and never more than one generation away from extinction. Its not ours by inheritance; it must be  defended constantly by each generation, for it comes only once to a people. Those who have had freedom, then lost it, never know it again. Ronald Reagan
"It's hard, when you're up to your armpits in alligators, to remember you came here to drain the swamp." ~ Ronald Reagan
Ronald Reagan said a nation that cannot control its borders is not a nation.
Robt Craft’s PR folks should advise him to say he is 77, still having fun and things were voluntary.  Then pay the silly fine &amp; tell them to kiss his ass.  Then pay a girl or 2’s way thru college next time.
Trump shouldn’t even be making comments on such petty, silly crap like Robt Craft &amp; a spa.  Craft should just pay his fine &amp; tell them to go to hell.
So, Robert Craft went to a spa - SFW.   He didn’t force anyone to do anything if he did anything.   Wonder how many REAL crimes were committed while time was wasted on this BS.
JW should also get into Maxine Waters’ finances and how she has a million dollar home she lives in outside her District.  She praises Farrakhan and encourages violent actions.   America does not need her kind nor Farrakhan, who is more racist than even David Duke.
@downeyballs @thehill Well now, Mr. FBI expert why don’t your dumb ass tell me just how the FBI does work?
Obama was an Iranian “asset”.   His pattern proves it.   Apologies, billions flown to Iran in dark of night,  his string of sympathies 2wards Muslims and his ties to Farrakhan.
@thehill “The FBI” isn’t the proper description BC it was only a few top brass.   Not the rank &amp; file dedicated agents.   McCabe, Comey et al were not “the FBI” as a whole.
@thehill Obama knew of Russians interfering in our elections B4 the election took place.  Obama did nothing.  Why?  BC he felt it helped Clinton.
Regards “assets”,   Clearly Obama and Clinton were Iran assets as their conduct patterns support it.
McCabe THINKS either the USA and/or Russia BOTH were dumb enuff to THINK firing him &amp; Comey would cripple our FBI.  Pure bullshit.  2 monkeys don’t make the show.
If not the WH coms or the SS, then Trump’s personal device &amp; Oval Office, limo  are “taped” by bad-actors, which seems unlikely.  The NYT is great re fake-news.
Mark it down:  ONLY the White House communications apparatus or the US Secret Service KNOW Trump’s every word or move.   THOSE are the NYT’s “sources” if any.
If shit could sing, both McCabe and Comey would be walking jukeboxes.
Let Putin “target” the US.  He will go broke “trying” us.
Those Aurora, ILL cops are genuine heroes.  Like Omaha Beach at D-Day those 5 jumped right into the bullets!  That’s balls.  That’s guts.  God, Guns &amp; Guts made the USA.
News should be restricted to news - NOT opinions expressed by talking-heads whose motivation is $$$$.
The news organizations are prisoner’s of the pocketbook.  They “invent” “news” to sell news to line their wallets.
The Press is trying to “sell” news to keep paying all those heavy salaries they pay out to folks like Shep Smith &amp; Napolitano.
Look it up:  3 of the top 10 Southern slave owners were BLACK, owned up to 3,000 slaves &amp; backed the South.
If the GOP simply mirror-imaged Mueller and appointed a Special Counsel, went shopping for judges &amp; grand jurors while filling the office with solid Trump people, the Left will soon tremble.
McCabe’s wife was a “loser”.  She accepted cash from the Clinton-Machine AND her hubby was mightily influenced by THAT $$$ and by his book sale $$$.
McCabe, Comey are part of the Clinton Machine.  ONLY the top dogs of the FBI disgraced it.  The rest of the FBI remains first-class, they couldn’t “buck” the brass successfully.
Ever consider the FACT both the FBI AND CIA were home to 2 of the best spies Russia ever recruited?    Strange how the FBI top brass and some at CIA mirror image the Left is it?  NO.
If not the Secret Service or telephone people, then the Oval Office is “wired” or Trump’s device is “taped” by bad actors.  IF ANY OF THE NYT CRAP IS GENUINE.
ONLY the WH telephone people AND the Secret Service have the capability to monitor Trump’s movements &amp; conversations.
AGAIN, IF Trump &amp; Whitaker EVER had such a talk, ONLY the Secret Service OR others capable of monitoring Trump’s WH calls could have heard it.
If Shepard Smith and “Judge” Napolitano for Fox News have their way, Trump is already in federal prison.
ALL Government officials should be prohibited from book publishings for 5 years AFTER they are OUT of Government.
All that $$$$ his wife received from Clinton sources influenced McCabe’s beliefs &amp; opinions the same way book-sales do now.
The White House just isn’t full of “snitches” who are THAT privy to Trump’s conversations or movements.  ONLY the Secret Service is that dialed in.
ONLY the U. S. Secret Service knows Trump’s every move.  And they certainly would have to have the entire White House “wired”.  How many are former Obama folks?
HOW else could the NYT purport to “know” of a conversation between Trump &amp; Whitaker UNLESS the Secret Service itself had monitored it.
Has anyone yet did any research to learn the penalties OTHER countries impose upon those who enter illegally?  Let’s copy those.
Whatever happened to Bernie Sanders wife regards the situation she got herself in?  Or did another Left leaning prosecutor shove it under the rug?
We continue to be amazed the GOP has not appointed a Special Counsel to “investigate” certain members of the Left including McCabe, Hillary, et al.
For what McCabe did TO the FBI, he should be an agent for Russia.
McCabe is going to “say” anything his PR handlers tell him to “say” that will sell books AND ingratiate him with the Left.
@kilmeade @Rep_Hunter @foxnewsradio @foxnation WTF would be wrong about the Saudi’s having nukes to counteract Iran???  The Saudi’s remain loyal to the USA.
Please shut the Left up by naming a second Special Counsel, filling his staff with GOP loyalists and “shop” for judges &amp; grand jurors the same way Mueller has.  Then begin indicting members of the Left and watch them run for cover!!
Trump should do exactly as the Dems have done:   appoint a Special Counsel, stack his staff with Trump supporters, shop for favorable judges &amp; pliable grand jurors and investigate Hillary, McCabe AND all the rest of the pack.   It’d be EASY to find enuff to indict ANY of them.
@ItsJeffHudson Stick with it fellow - it will pay off!!
Trump’s a businessman - not a blowhard politician.  If Trump succeeds he pulls the cover off all politicians who have been lining their pockets with taxpayer $$$.  THATS why the GOP can’t risk his success.
PLEASE!  Charlie Kirk - give it a rest!  GOP Leaders KNEW the FBI was investigating Trump.  They did not object.  They never tipped Trump off EVEN tho it was bullshit.  THATS what’s wrong with the GOP now.  Spineless, Dem bootlickers.
IF Mueller was “legit” he would NOT have stacked his office with certified Clinton stooges AND would not “shop” for Obama/Clinton  judges nor grand jurors.
Has Mueller’s tax records been made public?  Have the Clinton lawyers surrounding Mueller had their tax records made public?
If Mueller was truly independent he would have sought ONLY attorneys who are older and whose political ties are decades ago. Instead, he sought only Clinton &amp; Obama stooges.
Rush Limbaugh is correct.  Mueller surrounded himself with Clinton stooges AND now “shops” for federal judges with ties to Obama.  He is trying to “rig” the outcome.
No judge with ties to Obama should sit over ANY case involving Trump OR those associated thereto.  They cannot be NEUTRAL.
Roger Stone was a complete damn fool for the cross-hairs post.  NO SANE  citizen fucks with our federal judges like that.
@lauferlaw If Stone did that he is a damn fool.
@RJNewsflash The Press should only report NEWS - NOT their Opinions or those of their talking heads.
Has anyone researched the penalties for entering Mexico or other countries illegally??  Perhaps we should adopt those same laws for illegal immigrants.
USUALLY it has required the USSCrt to issue a nationwide court ruling.  How is it that lower USDist Crts have superseded that ?  HOW is it they have expanded their jurisdiction ?
HOW is it that States that do NOT share our Southern border have ANY legal standing to sue re border wall construction?
@Vasachi @thefirearmfirm Begging your pardon, however, that little computer inside a patrol car can access quite a lot of records and a name-certain match returns info if the driver owns the vehicle and the license plate is run also.  We like it.  To know is to be safe.
@ProudResister @HillaryClinton @realDonaldTrump The upper eschelon of the FBI prostituted themselves to the Clinton machine years ago.  In fact had Trump did what she has done he would already be in federal prison.  So would you, so would I.
@realDonaldTrump The GOP just needs to grow a pair and empanel Grand Juries, assign Special Counsel’s and using the facts begin rounding the culprits up and jailing them.  As for McCabe alleging concern for Comey’s firing - the Russians could care less about Comey.
@charliekirk11 @realDonaldTrump Facebook accomplished the same no taxes paid in but they got a refund.
Rep. Ilhan Omar can be dealt with:  Ignore her.  Decline to answer any of [her] questions in Committee.  The Chairman will threaten “contempt”, which the GOP US Atty Gen will decline to persue.  It is the Eric Holder Strategy.
@StefanMolyneux 3 of the top 10 slave owners in the South were black.   Research it and you shall learn some interesting facts.
@thefirearmfirm When your FLA DL is run it tells you are a Concealed Carry License holder.
@charliekirk11 Democrats look across the border and see potential voters trying to get into the USA.   Realistic people see potential drug smugglers, criminals and a very few decent, law abiding potential citizens who never mind entering the USA the legal way.
@charliekirk11 Because the Democrats are trolling for voters.   They plan to stack the voter rolls with illegal immigrants to win elections.
@KenDilanianNBC James Bamford’s book The Puzzle Palace remains the only book ever written about the NSA.  What they could do back then is child’s-play V what they do today.
@JudicialWatch Why hasn’t the GOP Atty General appointed a SP or empaneled a Federal Grand Jury to address this ?
@EricHolder Weren’t you held in contempt of congress?
@SweetFreedom29 Do a little research and you will find one of Comey’s boys who now works for CNN is likely the leak.   He used to be CNN’s go-to guy for FBI views.   Kind of a rat-faced looking fellow.
@charliekirk11 Hillary Clinton warrants a Special Prosecutor.  By virtue of their office, the GOP has unilateral authority to appoint one.  WHY haven’t they done so?
@charliekirk11 Has anyone researched the illegal entry laws of the countries whose citizens are entering the USA illegally??   The USA is very lenient.
@charliekirk11 Simple.  BC they see illegals as prospective voters WHEREAS interference is viewed as threatening THEIR candidate’s chances in a manner which they cannot control.   CURRENTLY the Democrats are viewed favorably by illegal aliens.
@OldMarine1 We are already paying for it.   Veterans would get full TriCare.  We didn’t list all the recipients nor the exceptions or %.   It was an idea.  What’s your idea??
@charliekirk11 Do some research.   Comey’s former fellow Agent quit.  He now works for CNN.  He was the little rat faced punk looking fellow CNN relied upon for FBI “opinions”.
RT @LtdAquarius: Wall Street can afford a first-class, deep probe into US Rep. Maxine Waters past AND, WHY, given her publicly verified “re…
RT @LtdAquarius: Martin Luther King, may God rest his soul, accomplished more for this country via using passive resistance &amp; information t…
RT @LtdAquarius: Wall Street MUST launch a serious investigation into Maxine Waters past, her finances and her direct ties to racist Louis…
RT @LtdAquarius: The Politically Correct Chief of Police, US Sen. Mitch McConnell,  should be forced to go after Maxine Waters like he went…
RT @LtdAquarius: WHY did Trump get a Special Prosecutor BUT Hillary Clinton got a “pass” for actual collusion with Russians and for falsifi…
RT @LtdAquarius: Maxine Waters got rich on her federal job.  Lives in a $4 million house that is not in her District.  She loves racist Lou…
RT @LtdAquarius: As previously stated, hold the SOTU in the US Senate and GUARANTEE the House GOP has seats.  Let Pelosi fend for herself I…
RT @LtdAquarius: It’s time Trump grew a pair and put Pelosi in her place.  Force the issue &amp; if she or anyone else TOUCH a US Secret Servic…
RT @LtdAquarius: People might as well face it, the GOP should have had Pelosi as their Speaker.   She damn sure is 10X stronger than Ryan e…
RT @LtdAquarius: Trump is losing support for bitching-up against Pelosi.  He had the options of EITHER using the Senate for the SOTU speech…
RT @LtdAquarius: Trump didn’t “arrive” at any settlement  - he was forced to accept what Pelosi &amp; Schumer handed to him.  WHY?  BC he would…
RT @LtdAquarius: The GOP controlled POTUS, the US Senate and House, yet, they completely FAILED to get anything meaningful done regards the…
RT @LtdAquarius: Trump was FORCED by Pelosi &amp; Schumer to ACCEPT their terms.  He refused to give the SOTU address in the Senate AND refused…
RT @LtdAquarius: Healthcare??  Easy.  Every 3rd generation American should be given full Tri-Care.   Green card holders would get, say, 65%…
RT @LtdAquarius: Hillary Clinton walks free for commissioning a falsified dossier repeatedly relied upon to justify so much whereas old man…
RT @LtdAquarius: They went to old man Stone’s home to arrest him WHEREAS a simple phone call to his lawyer would have sufficed.  Here we go…
RT @LtdAquarius: James Comey’s former aide works for CNN.  THATS how CNN was on the scene of old man Stone’s publicity-seeking arrest.  The…
James Comey’s former aide works for CNN.  THATS how CNN was on the scene of old man Stone’s publicity-seeking arrest.  The Clinton FBI set it up to try repairing their tarnished image &amp; CNN’s.
They went to old man Stone’s home to arrest him WHEREAS a simple phone call to his lawyer would have sufficed.  Here we go again with the Clinton FBI creating favorable publicity for itself.
Hillary Clinton walks free for commissioning a falsified dossier repeatedly relied upon to justify so much whereas old man Stone gets indicted for asking for information.  And they call this America?
Healthcare??  Easy.  Every 3rd generation American should be given full Tri-Care.   Green card holders would get, say, 65% Tri-Care with an option to buy the remaining 35%.  ILLEGALS would get NOTHING if they cannot prove they entered the USA the legal way.
Trump was FORCED by Pelosi &amp; Schumer to ACCEPT their terms.  He refused to give the SOTU address in the Senate AND refused to enter the House confronting he.  Sad. But revealing.
The GOP controlled POTUS, the US Senate and House, yet, they completely FAILED to get anything meaningful done regards the border, healthcare &amp; other sensitive matters.  WHY? Poor leadership.
Trump didn’t “arrive” at any settlement  - he was forced to accept what Pelosi &amp; Schumer handed to him.  WHY?  BC he would not hold the SOTU in the Senate NOR walk into the US House &amp; force her hand.  Sad.
Trump is losing support for bitching-up against Pelosi.  He had the options of EITHER using the Senate for the SOTU speech OR just going into the House &amp; put her in her place.   Trump is not good at playing hard-ball or office politics. We are disappointed.
People might as well face it, the GOP should have had Pelosi as their Speaker.   She damn sure is 10X stronger than Ryan ever was.   Then  she made Trump bitch-up.  The GOP is pitiful.  Controlled BOTH the Senate &amp; House  AND POTUS yet failed to do shit.  The DEMS stick together.
@MelRisHere We predict Pelosi will never again fly another military aircraft.  She can use her $300Million fortune to buy tickets.
@MelRisHere The USSCt isn’t showing its ass like Pelosi is.  THATS what we DO KNOW.  Pelosi is spending over $3 million on travel at our expense for her family.  She got rich off the USA.  So has her “pal” Maxine Waters who hugs &amp; smooches racist Louis Farrakhan.
It’s time Trump grew a pair and put Pelosi in her place.  Force the issue &amp; if she or anyone else TOUCH a US Secret Service Agent it is assault.  Lock them up and her with them if she makes one mistake.  Trump cannot be timid now.
As previously stated, hold the SOTU in the US Senate and GUARANTEE the House GOP has seats.  Let Pelosi fend for herself INCLUDING Mitch McConnell NOT permitting her to enter the Senate.  Fight over.
The POTUS can go to to the US House anytime he pleases.  Nancy Pelosi does not own it.  She has ZERO sufficient security to confront or block the US Secret Service AND besides that 2/3’s of the House do NOT support her.
Pelosi (1) does NOT have the Constitutional power to stop POTUS from entering the House; (2) she does NOT have security  forces able to win a face-off with the Secret Service &amp; other Special Ops folks POTUS can bring.   Pelosi is being given power she doesn’t have.
@TrueFactsStated @JudithKto Let see now,  was it Trump who gave the worlds chief terror sponsor $150B in unmarked, untraceable bills, at night OR was it Obama?   No wonder the clown is an ex FBI counter intel desk jockey.
Maxine Waters got rich on her federal job.  Lives in a $4 million house that is not in her District.  She loves racist Louis Farrakhan.   She deserves investigation.
@thehill Block it all.   Have the SOTU speech in the US Senate.  Guarantee House GOP seats reserved.   Let Schumer boycott.  Let Pelosi fend for herself.
@charliekirk11 Many believe it’s probable that due to the ferocious manner in which Obama &amp; Kerry defended Iran and catered to Iran they received a substantial “kickback” from those $150B in unmarked bills.
@charliekirk11 Nothing “technically” belongs to any terrorist.   They have no “rights”.   They don’t deserve to exist.
@charliekirk11 Absolutely correct.
WHY did Trump get a Special Prosecutor BUT Hillary Clinton got a “pass” for actual collusion with Russians and for falsified dossiers  ??  There is certainly MORE evidence against her than ever there was Trump.
@realDonaldTrump @NevadaJack2 How is it that Hillary Clinton can collude with the Russians, gather damaging - falsified - material and get a “pass” BUT Trump gets a Special Prosecutor ?
@funder As stated, the FBI chose to prostitute its hallowed objectivity in favor of the personal goals of Comey, Page, McCabe et al.  THATS wat hurt the FBI.  Not lack of $$.
@RogerMobley5 @funder We do know for sure that Hillary Clinton controlled the top eschelon of the FBI to her benefit exclusively.  It’s doubtful Putin gives a shit about the FBI.
@funder It is the opinion of many the FBI ought not to have prostituted its hallowed objectivity in favor of the personal goals of Comey, McCabe, Page &amp; others.  THATS wat has hurt the FBI.  NOT lack of $$.
Hold the SOTU address in the Senate.  Make sure the House GOP has seats.  Let Pelosi fend for herself.
As we Tweeted recently,  hold the SOTU address in the Senate.  Then make sure the House GOP gets seats there B4hand.
Why all the confusion regard the SOTU ?   Trump shud hold it in the Senate Chamber and make sure the GOP minority in the House all have seats.  Let Pelosi &amp; her crowd fend for themselves.
@RepAdamSchiff who did Adam Schiff take on the trip Trump grounded???   Voluntarily release the names of all on the trip.  Time is running out.
@LindseyGrahamSC There was no proof Pelosi or the other 6 politicians ever booked a commercial airline ticket.  She lied.  Who did Adam Schiff take on the trip?  Release the 100 names voluntarily.  Time is running out.
@LindseyGrahamSC Pelosi &amp; 6 politicians took 93 family &amp; friends on a trip at our expense.  Trump was RIGHT to ground her.  Publish the names of all 100 voluntarily.
ISIS can be broken completely the same way we destroyed Pablo Escobar:  send in the Special Ops people to kill ANYONE with ANY association with ISIS or their group.  Take the gloves off and fight a real fight.
The Politically Correct Chief of Police, US Sen. Mitch McConnell,  should be forced to go after Maxine Waters like he went after US Rep. King.  Mitch must have a lot of Farrakhan supporters in Kentucky, tho.
Wall Street MUST launch a serious investigation into Maxine Waters past, her finances and her direct ties to racist Louis Farrakhan.
The solution to health care is quite easy:   All third-generation Americans, who entered the USA legally, receive Tri-Care 100%;  Green Cards receive 40% and the option to buy the remaining 60%;  ILLEGAL immigrants receive ZERO but have the option of buying it.
Sadly, PC pretenders such as US Senator Mitch McConnell, the US Senate Leader &amp; Republican, are NOT ever going to be a Tip O’Neil or a Sam Rayburn.  Nor was Paul Ryan ever able to rise to the occasion.
Martin Luther King, may God rest his soul, accomplished more for this country via using passive resistance &amp; information than Farrakhan, Waters, Pelosi, Schumer have accomplished their entire careers.  NONE of them would be a wart on King’s butt.
Wall Street can afford a first-class, deep probe into US Rep. Maxine Waters past AND, WHY, given her publicly verified “record” for ties to racists, did Pelosi appt her to a key post that BOTH she &amp; Pelosi can exploits for personal gain directly &amp; indirectly.
WHY hasn’t Republican PC policeman, Mitch McConnell, gone after US Rep. Maxine Waters for her undying support of the worst racist in America:  Louis Farrakhan ???  The USA does NOT need Farrakhan OR David DUke NOR those who support either one.
For example, HOW did US Rep. Maxine Waters acquire a $ million home she lives in outside her Congressional District??   BOTH she &amp; Nancy Pelosi have gotten rich from their POSITIONS, obviously.
Regards Rep. Maxine Waters’ “warning” to Wall Street.  Well, the simple solution to dealing with her is to launch a WS investigation into her finances AND her relationship to one of the worst racists in the USA:  Louis Farrakhan.
It’s not “rocket-science” how to deal with Syria.   (1). Make SURE ALL troops in Syria are Special Ops AND are NOT hamstrung by “rules” created to kiss-ass with our enemies. (2).  Go in and begin killing ANYONE even remotely tied to ISIS.   End of story.
Here we go AGAIN with John King at CNN and the Fox people playing “arm-chair” generals re Syria’s.   CNN never spent much time criticizing Obama for his complete foreign policy failures.
Millionaire Chuck Schumer continues to be a “joke” for thinking the USA isn’t smart enuff to recognize he &amp; billionaire Nancy Pelosi oppose the border barriers for purely political reasons and NOT national security.
(1). Here we go AGAIN with Mitch McConnell jumping to condemn Rep. King BUT he has NEVER condemned Rep. Maxine Waters for her CLOSE association with Louis Farrakhan, who continues to be MORE RACIST than even David Duke.
Christie describes it all in his book.   Kushner’s “advice” was predicated on personal BS as opposed to years of experience, which Kushner’s clearly does not have re government/international affairs.
Trump NOW KNOWS he shud hv picked Christie for USAG &amp; not Sessions.  Trump listened to Kushner’s BS argue against Christie &amp; look what happened.
@geneziesel Trump wants a barrier FOR National Security reasons WHEREAS Schumer are opposing his request purely for POLITICAL reasons in hopes the DEMS will win the POTUS race.
How do I Tweet?
They condemn King BUT give Farrakhan a “pass” PLUS Federal easy-Grant to Farrakhan
?
@pac12 @uclagymnastics Video???
@The_UnSilent_ @GOP FEW of you responding to Tweets have any actual experience OR the educational level to manage a corporation or to certainly a country country, much less the actual military
@The_UnSilent_ @GOP WEll, what we do KNOW is that YOUR politicians who have tried for YEARS to make the USA both profitable AND protected ONLY got richer.
@Conserv68373369 There are times rapidly coming in the USA where timidity is no longer the politically-correct required “response”.   THEN we shall quickly see our inept news media like CNN &amp; Fox BOTH rapidly condemn such behavior.
@Conserv68373369 Shooting anyone isn’t at all required.  Deploy some special-ops trained “posers” into the are AND let the posers “respond” to these amateurs regularly.   SOONER than later, the violent “clowns” depicted in such videos shall cease their crap.
@Conserv68373369 The USA IS a business.  Period.   YOU are inexperienced and obviously one who KA’eses with the politicians who have quite obviously taken the USA into decline.
@Conserv68373369 Or do you know how to use ur own bank account to keep predators off your stupid ass ???
@gypsycaravan53 @thehill Can you even balance your own bank account ??
@gypsycaravan53 @thehill Then you are a fool and those like you remain the precise reason the USA is in the financial predicament it is in.
@Conserv68373369 EXCEPT maybe the conservatives ought to recruit some former Special Forces operatives to pose and attract clowns like the ones in the video.  Then beat the hell out of the clown.  THEN CNN &amp; Fox will carry THAT “story”.
@Conserv68373369 End of discussion.
@Conserv68373369 WE are referring to the Maryland cop AND to the liberal supporters engaging in violent conduct and being indirectly endorsed by the irresponsible &amp; biased media CNN &amp; Fox.
@Conserv68373369 Stop trying to run your “double-standard”....lets keep it applied across the board and see how long that works.
@Conserv68373369 Collier rammed a vehicle while he was drunk.  Then fought with the cops.   WHY didn’t they just implement their “road-side” justice &amp; beat or shoot him ??
@Conserv68373369 The “other way around” you said ?   That’s to be applied to the police sgt Kenneth Collier in Maryland  - correct ??   If so, had he been the average joe-citizen he might have been shot and/or beaten to hell &amp; back and the “results” endorsed.
@Conserv68373369 REAL news ——- NOT opinion.  Just carefully state the news AND permit Americans to decide on the FACTS.
@Conserv68373369 Trump should create a REAL news network AND it would effectively ruin BOTH CNN &amp; Fox.
@Conserv68373369 NO media move to condemn such violence.  Therefore they endorse it by silence.  THAT makes them “fake” media.  The same as inventing stories has.
@Conserv68373369 These kind of violent events are made possible by and encouraged by the lackluster news media in the USA currently.
@Conserv68373369 Yes.  God help such people IF the conservatives should ever grow a pair and begin a violent response.
@gypsycaravan53 @thehill Take a look at Schumer, Pelosi AND McConnells’s net-worth beginning B4 they all took office.  This trio can do “insider-trading” LEGALLY whereas Martha Stewart was “targeted” by the FEDS for it to no avail.  THEN charged for lying to a FED even tho not under Oath.
@gypsycaravan53 @thehill Trump does not have to be unanimously “liked”.  BUT he is an astute businessman, which is definitely what the USA needs more than a “politician”  whose main objective remains to KA with his donors &amp; line his/her pockets.
@gypsycaravan53 @thehill Politicans whose sole record has been to get wealthy off their political titles have ZERO business running the USA.
@gypsycaravan53 @thehill The last “balanced budget” under Eisenhower &amp; then Bill Clinton????   Or do you even know????   The USA should resurrect those 2 so they can “advise” Trump and help guide him if he asks for help.  HOWEVER, Trump doesn’t SEEM to be “hit or miss” .
@gypsycaravan53 @thehill TEAM effort means just that......the entire TEAM whereas your theory is based upon ZERO actual experience and “favoritism” the same way the USA has been managed for decades under DEMS and REPUBS.
@gypsycaravan53 @thehill So are YOU of the opinion the “workers” are not on the Team???  So, they are “side-liners” who are entitled to break the USA ??  Obviously, you aren’t an experienced  biz-man AND are in favor of ANYONE without experience being able to take down the USA.
@rhonda_harbison @banmar_nj @thehill The DEMS took this country into fianacial ruin.  THEN the REPUBS when they controlled the House &amp; Senate did little to reverse it DES{ITE Trump at least trying.  As stated, we don’t have to “like” or QB.  BUT he deserves a chance to “win” or to lose with ALL of OUR Team’s help.
@rhonda_harbison @banmar_nj @thehill If OUR whole Team pulled together, the USA would WIN big-time.
@rhonda_harbison @banmar_nj @thehill We none have to like the QB.   He just has to perform.  And Schumer &amp; Pelosi - BOTH multi-millionaires who go that way claiming to serve the USA - are hindering Trump for political reasons.
@rhonda_harbison @banmar_nj @thehill Let our QB manage our team and not a group of bench-warmers who drove the country into bankruptcy in favor of their own pals &amp; pocketbooks.
@rhonda_harbison @banmar_nj @thehill Trump isn’t the best SOB we have BUT he remains the best biz-man the USA has ever had try to manage her.  AND THAT makes him our SOB.:):)
@rhonda_harbison @banmar_nj @thehill NOTED also that YOU jumped on Trump BUT ignored King &amp; Farrakhan matters........be fair or get off the air.
@rhonda_harbison @banmar_nj @thehill Trump’s a businessman and the USA is over-due to be managed by one RATHER than politicians who got rich off off their political titles RATHER than by running a biz.
@rhonda_harbison @banmar_nj @thehill IF YOU were Mexico - would you ??? NOT HARDLY!!!
@rhonda_harbison @banmar_nj @thehill CORRECT.  But who is naive enuff to presume Mexico will be “kind” enuff to honor their obligation after being so successful at stiffing the USA for BILLIONS previously???
@thehill The USA is FINALLY being “run” like a business to make a profit RATHER than going bankrupt the way so many “politicians” have taken the USA
@thehill Trump is TRYING to get the USA on equal footing in the trade world.
@thehill Via NEW &amp; nor USA “pro” trade contracts for one.....
@thehill READ Trump’s Tweets....TRUMP NEVER stated Mexico would write the USA a check........what he said was THEY WILL pay for it....AND THEY SHALL.
RT @ArundelNews: Anne Arundel County Policeman Charged with DWI &amp; Assault on Fellow Officers. Department says it will cooperate with State'…
@thehill WHERE are YOUR Tweets Senator McConnell??  Or are you once again TRYING to win votes with ur planted Tweeting????
@thehill America does NOT need EITHER Duke OR Farrakhan.....
@thehill Iva does NOT need EITHER one - Duke OR Farrakhan.   So, then, WHY are you “ducking” it McConnell???
@thehill Farrakhan is WORSE than David Duke ever was quoted &amp; recorded as being.........WHERE are your Tweets Senator Mitch McConnell?????
@thehill Still waiting for Sen. Mitch McConnell to Tweet his condemnation of Louis Farrakhan..........
@thehill If you readily condemn one, then quickly condemn them all.  Stop playing “favorites”.
@thehill Louis Farrakhan does it and is NEVER publicly condemned THEREFORE King can.
@thehill It’s the American way and his right.
@thehill King has the right to state his opinion.
@thehill Is Mitch McConnell afraid of upsetting his Muslim supporters in Kentucky?
@thehill WHY Dow Muslim Louis Farakhan keep getting “passes” from the U.S. Senate Leader McConnell for his racist remarks?
@thehill King OBVIOUSLY continues being re-elected BC he is quite popular in his District.
@thehill Where are the Teets condemning Louis Farakhan’s  regular, on-going racist remarks ?
@Acosta How long did it take for Acosta to locate this fello?  Acosta’s reporting is slanted in favor of Schumer &amp; Pelosi.
@Acosta How long of a time did it take Acosta to locate this fellow ?  Acosta’s reporting is slanted in favor of Schumer &amp; Pelosi.
@thomaslinda1026 Seriously,  something has to be really wrong here.  A woman sporting your obvious attributes both frontal and rear view,  doesn’t NEED to surf Twitter for a man.
@KaylinNagel 		Hi Kaylin,		If you are the person  we seek, you will do very well marketing our program.   Paul and Pledger are dead; the other crooks retired and/or were forced out and reduced to “chasing ambulances” or risk their illegal conduct being utilized against them.
@Nnadijane2 		So you are surfing Twitter &amp; the internet searching for an acceptable partner?
@OkCallMeAL @oliveirasunbo34 To OkCallMeAl:		Who the hell are you trying to kid?   You Canadians are able to exist principally due exclusively to the US military &amp; the British military backing your fine military up.
Bin Laden.....one theory is he had served his purpose and they gave him up to influence the re-election.
@wwenewsnow1 I
@TallahForTrump