@dschor5 Lets meet! I am in Vancouver, Canada. Where are you? At the moment? I believe this might be a terrorist attack!
@dschor5 Hi there, just wondering if you had a chance to acknowledge these background noises. And am wondering what it is and if there is a remote that we can have to turn it off!
@dschor5 Hi, wondering if you got my last message. Its about the background noise. Wondering if there is a remote control for it! If there is how would i get it and how much would it cost?
@JonnyBones Wondering if we can talk in real life about it.
@JonnyBones Hi there, my name is Tsu Song, Lu Tang or my real name is Johnson  Vilayvanh. I think there is a terrorist attack going on in Vancouver,  British Columbia, Canada. And they are using your name as well. People  think its Catholics and Freemasons or a race thing.
@SnoopDogg Wonder also if we can meet in real life to discuss about this.
@dschor5 I have mentioned your name acouple times on it and don't know if you have recieved a message from anyone else on twitter about it!
@dschor5 I like it to come to a stop but don't know if there is something an engineer can do. Or best if we set up a committee and discuss it on the air!
@dschor5 Hi Dario whats going on? There is a Catholic or Freemason or terrorist attack in this country. I am in Vancouver British Columbia and can hear some interfering noises in the background. Don't know if you know anything about this.
@SnoopDogg Hi there, my name is Tsu Song, Lu Tang or my real name is Johnson Vilayvanh. I think there is a terrorist attack going on in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. And they are using your name as well. People think its Catholics and Freemasons or a race thing.
see these goofy a** catholic church need to fix these problems! 2000 years and still nothing! because they are nothing! https://t.co/H2t5lwO1TH
@FloydMayweather f*** you floyd where you get this kind of shit!
@FloydMayweather seems you like that kind of shit! that who you fight and you think your tuff talking shit to mma fighters
@TheNotoriousMMA hey man wtf. someone by the name of james p going around saying he punched you out one on one in a street fight is this true?
@dschor5 hi hows it going?
@BrianTcity hey some guy by the name of james p here in vancouver british columbia canada is going around spreading rumors he punched you out one on one? dont' know if this is true or what?
@arielhelwani hey man whats going on with the ufc! some small guy name james p going around saying he can punch out conor mcgregor and brian ortega. not at the same time but one on one
@FloydMayweather hey man wtf are you doing? you should hook this guy up JonV so he can live man! stop being an ASS!
@danawhite hey man wtf are you doing? you should hook this guy up JonV so he can live man! stop being an ASS!
@MikeTyson   I think there is someone who sounds like you in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Is going around and yelling the most upscene things that you can do as a human being. Its discussing and gross. Maybe you should come and check it out yourself in our city.
@Stevebergspiel   If you can come to the city and check it out for yourself, please email me at jonlee320@gmail.com and we can set something up! Might be a race thing. Please be careful for this might be a group of terrorists us in North America.
@Stevebergspiel   I think there is someone who sounds like you in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Is going around and yelling the most upscene things that you can do as a human being. Its discussing and gross. Maybe you should come and check it out yourself in our city.
@danawhite   If you can come to the city and check it out for yourself, please email me at jonlee320@gmail.com and we can set something up! Might be a race thing. Please be careful for this might be a group of terrorists us in North America.
@danawhite   I think there is someone who sounds like you in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Is going around and yelling the most upscene things that you can do as a human being. Its discussing and gross. Maybe you should come and check it out yourself in our city.
@FloydMayweather   If you can come to the city and check it out for yourself, please email me at jonlee320@gmail.com and we can set something up! Might be a race thing. Please be careful for this might be a group of terrorists us in North America.
@FloydMayweather   I think there is someone who sounds like you in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Is going around and yelling the most upscene things that you can do as a human being. Its discussing and gross. Maybe you should come and check it out yourself in our city.
@50cent   If you can come to the city and check it out for yourself, please email me at jonlee320@gmail.com and we can set something up! Might be a race thing. Please be careful for this might be a group of terrorists us in North America.
@50cent   I think there is someone who sounds like you in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Is going around and yelling the most upscene things that you can do as a human being. Its discussing and gross. Maybe you should come and check it out yourself in our city.
@finkd   If you can come to the city and check it out for yourself, please email me at jonlee320@gmail.com and we can set something up! Might be a race thing. Please be careful for this might be a group of terrorists us in North America.
@finkd   I think there is someone who sounds like you in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Is going around and yelling the most upscene things that you can do as a human being. Its discussing and gross. Maybe you should come and check it out yourself in our city.
@TheNotoriousMMA   If you can come to the city and check it out for yourself, please email me at jonlee320@gmail.com and we can set something up! Might be a race thing. Please be careful for this might be a group of terrorists us in North America.
@TheNotoriousMMA   I think there is someone who sounds like you in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Is going around and yelling the most upscene things that you can do as a human being. Its discussing and gross. Maybe you should come and check it out yourself in our city.
@nissa40249370 Happiness should be free but it isn't. There are people out there fighting everyday for our freedom and we should hook them up when we can!
@TeamKhabib   If you can come to the city and check it out for yourself, please email me at jonlee320@gmail.com and we can set something up! Might be a race thing. Please be careful for this might be a group of terrorists us in North America.
@TeamKhabib   I think there is someone who sounds like you in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Is going around and yelling the most upscene things that you can do as a human being. Its discussing and gross. Maybe you should come and check it out yourself in our city.
@SnoopDogg   If you can come to the city and check it out for yourself, please email me at jonlee320@gmail.com and we can set something up! Might be a race thing. Please be careful for this might be a group of terrorists us in North America.
@SnoopDogg   I think there is someone who sounds like you in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Is going around and yelling the most upscene things that you can do as a human being. Its discussing and gross. Maybe you should come and check it out yourself in our city.
@JoelOsteen   If you can come to the city and check it out for yourself, please email me at jonlee320@gmail.com and we can set something up! Please be careful for this might be a group of terrorists us in North America. They might be jealous of our human rights and freedom.
@JoelOsteen   I think there is someone who sounds like you in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Is going around and yelling the most upscene things that you can do as a human being. Its discussing and gross. Maybe you should come and check it out yourself in our city.
@WarrenBuffett   If you can come to the city and check it out for yourself, please email me at jonlee320@gmail.com and we can set something up! Please be careful for this might be a group of terrorists us in North America. They might be jealous of our human rights and freedom.
@WarrenBuffett     I think there is someone who sounds like you in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Is going around and yelling the most upscene things that you can do as a human being. Its discussing and gross. Maybe you should come and check it out yourself in our city.
@richardbranson   If you can come to the city and check it out for yourself please email me at jonlee320@gmail.com and we can set something up! Please be careful for this might be a group of terrorists out destroy human civilization!
@richardbranson   Anyway I think there is someone who sounds like you in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Is going around and yelling the most upscene shit that you can do as a human being. Its discussing and gross. Maybe you should come and check it out yourself in our city.
@SnoopDogg   If you can come to the city and check it out for yourself please email me at jonlee320@gmail.com and we can set something up! Please be careful for this might be a group of terrorists out destroy human civilization!
@SnoopDogg   Anyway I think there is someone who sounds like you in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Is going around and yelling the most upscene shit that you can do as a human being. Its discussing and gross. Maybe you should come and check it out yourself in our city.
@JonnyBones   If you can come to the city and check it out for yourself please email me at jonlee320@gmail.com and we can set something up! Please be careful for this might be a group of terrorists out destroy human civilization!
@JonnyBones   Anyway I think there is someone who sounds like you in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Is going around and yelling the most upscene shit that you can do as a human being. Its discussing and gross. Maybe you should come and check it out yourself in our city.
@BrianTcity   If you can come to the city and check it out for yourself please email me at jonlee320@gmail.com and we can set something up! Please be careful for this might be a group of terrorists out destroy human civilization!
@BrianTcity   Anyway I think there is someone who sounds like you in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Is going around and yelling the most upscene shit that you can do as a human being. Its discussing and gross. Maybe you should come and check it out yourself in our city.
@RoylerGracie   If you can come to the city and check it out for yourself please email me at jonlee320@gmail.com and we can set something up! Please be careful for this might be a group of terrorists out destroy human civilization!
@RoylerGracie Anyway I think there is someone who sounds like you in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Is going around and yelling the most upscene shit that you can do as a human being. Its discussing and gross. Maybe you should come and check it out yourself in our city
@TeamKhabib   If you can come to the city and check it out for yourself please email me at jonlee320@gmail.com and we can set something up! Please be careful for this might be a group of terrorists out destroy human civilization!
@TeamKhabib   Anyway I think there is someone who sounds like you in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Is going around and yelling the most upscene shit that you can do as a human being. Its discussing and gross. Maybe you should come and check it out yourself in our city.
@lorenzofertitta   If you can come to the city and check it out for yourself please email me at jonlee320@gmail.com and we can set something up! Please be careful for this might be a group of terrorists out destroy human civilization!
@lorenzofertitta   Anyway I think there is someone who sounds like you in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Is going around and yelling the most upscene shit that you can do as a human being. Its discussing and gross. Maybe you should come and check it out yourself in our city
@FloydMayweather   If you can come to the city and check it out for yourself please email me at jonlee320@gmail.com and we can set something up! Please be careful for this might be a group of terrorists out destroy human civilization!
@FloydMayweather   Anyway I think there is someone who sounds like you in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Is going around and yelling the most upscene shit that you can do as a human being. Its discussing and gross. Maybe you should come and check it out yourself in our city
@WarrenBuffett   If you can come to the city and check it out for yourself please email me at jonlee320@gmail.com and we can set something up! Please be careful for this might be a group of terrorists out destroy human civilization!
@WarrenBuffett   Anyway I think there is someone who sounds like you in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Is going around and yelling the most upscene shit that you can do as a human being. Its discussing and gross. Maybe you should come and check it out yourself in our city.
@danawhite If you can come to the city and check it out for yourself please email  me at jonlee320@gmail.com and we can set something up! Please be careful  for this might be a group of terrorists out destroy human civilization!
@danawhite Anyway I think there is someone who sounds like you in Vancouver,  British Columbia, Canada. Is going around and yelling the most upscene  shit that you can do as a human being. Its discussing and gross. Maybe  you should come and check it out yourself in our city.
@elonmusk If you can come to the city and check it out for yourself please email me at jonlee320@gmail.com and we can set something up! Please be careful for this might be a group of terrorists out destroy human civilization!
@elonmusk Anyway I think there is someone who sounds like you in Vancouver,  British Columbia, Canada. Is going around and yelling the most upscene  shit that you can do as a human being. Its discussing and gross. Maybe  you should come and check it out yourself in our city.
@joerogan Please call me and let me know if you will come and we can arrange something. Please send me an email please at jonlee320@gmail.com
@joerogan Anyway I think there is someone who sounds like you in Vancouver,  British Columbia, Canada. Is going around and yelling the most upscene  shit that you can do as a human being. Its discussing and gross. Maybe  you should come and check it out yourself in our city.
@TheNotoriousMMA Give me a shout by email please. Jonlee320@gmail.com and we can set something up to show you around!
@TheNotoriousMMA Anyway I think there is someone who sounds like you in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Is going around and yelling the most upscene shit that you can do as a human being. Its discussing and gross. Maybe you should come and check it out yourself in our city.
@TheNotoriousMMA Hi great fight! Sorry about the lost! Not too bad considering the situation. Knew it was going to be a technical game on the ground! He didn't even try to stand up with you!
Will never see this again.  Two Mclarens back to back! https://t.co/VlPLx0L5jJ
Here is what I'm talking about!!!! https://t.co/72189nAt2S
Someone hating on our human  rights and freedom.  What we have in the first world they are jealous of.  Where the f**** is their library????? Up to us kids to keep our culture  integrity and discipline.!!!!
@FloydMayweather hi how can i get with mayweather promotions. have some boxers that would like a chance. like to set up a trip to LV to get in some ammateur fights.
@Google somone is seriously hacking my zte z8t8 please advise where i can get this fixed. thanks
@elonmusk sorry to hear that you are getting investigated by the sec. hope things get better
@finkd sorry to hear that your stepping down. please keep us posted on the new venture you and priscilla are doing
Can't wait to get some of the Proper Twelve coming out of Ireland!
@Cody_Nolove Hey is this your new book! the pact?
F* this shit! Tonight it's going to go down at Bellator 206!
@__macsauce hey you still in winnipeg
@__macsauce hey us this will
@danawhite Hey man there is a imposter that sounds like you in our city! Don't know if it's you or not.  But he going around yelling some shit! It's weird! Thought you like to know!
@FloydMayweather Hey man there is a imposter that sounds like you in our city! Don't know if it's you or not.  But he going around yelling some shit! It's weird!