A little more * respect * for American Indians is due, President, and etc. ( if -- story on internet about President Trump and his son and what they said about Elizabeth Warren is to be believed. )  We have much Wisdom to learn from American Indians, and Shamans.
It may well be that America must take some time to take care of its own needs, as President Trump says.  But what * exactly * is Democracy, here in the USA and around the world, and what can we do to strengthen it to its maximum, to make sure we * all * benefit and participate QQ
A man screamed at me once, " people in the Middle East are chopping off the heads of Christians !  Westerners ! "  We're going back in time to more and more primitive times, he was saying.  And he was challenging me, what was I going to do about it QQQ
It is better to be win / win than to try to threaten, isolate, etc.  But if Western ( Scandinavian ) young women left the West to go and join extremists/ terrorists in the Middle East, they present what they believe in far more effectively than we present what we believe in.
Some do not believe either in God or the devil.  Some do not believe in Heaven or hell.  What if hell does exist and it is a very evil place QQ Let us not, as a human race, move closer and closer to the devil's purposes for mankind.  Still, Americans fought for Freedom.
Hospitality for All is a thing I am 100 percent in favour of.  In Minnesota, as described in an article on the front page of the Star Tribune today, all Veterans are being housed.  The goal, to end homelessness among Vets, is very admirable.  If Trump did it, he deserves credit.
Some people believe in reincarnation.  Some believe in enlightenment / satori, moments of realization, or letting go.  Some believe the true purpose / work of Life / Religion ( the Dalai Lama said this ) is Compassion, Love, Provision for others.
Is libertarianism in the USA ( I am not speaking here of the political party called Libertarian, but of the philosophy of complete freedom ) -- is it worth it if free evil pornography influences younger generations more and more and a truly horrible future could arrive QQ
There was a point at which, in this country, the USA, erotica/pornography/stag films expanded into popular magazines while the Bible / 10 Commandments were withdrawn from being taught in schools.  Now, the internet porn, a free intro to all to prison, sadism, torture, illegality.
Ancient Greek and Roman people, Temples to gods and goddesses, athletes, were within the belief system that celebrated the nude human / male / female body, in statues, and in athletic competition.
To what extent do we, or should we, under Law, in America, allow pure * torture * to be distributed for free to all, even the youngest, on the internet, for free, far beyond " safe, sane and consensual " QQ Sade and Von Masoch.  Far beyond God's will to Satan.  " pain / evil "
RT @realDonaldTrump: I was a big fan of Frank Robinson, both as a great player and man. He was the first African American manager in baseba…
Sometimes it is, indeed, " a gift to be simple. "  Still, procrastination, putting things off, not cleaning up, not sleeping, is not good.  Take out the garbage.  Have a step by step plan.  Sleep.  Rest.  Eat.  Be clean.  Take care of yourself.  Pray for Leaders to gain Wisdom.
I mention the 90 degree angle in terms of both "Right / evil" and a 90 degree angle, because to want evil / pain for the other person while wanting only good / pleasure for oneself is evil.  Be careful of those who have secret plans, deception, selfishness, unwarranted violence.
In ancient times, " Right ( from wrong, selfish or evil ) was pictured as the " Right Angle " tool ( 90 degree angle ) used by carpenters and stonemasons.  Osiris, the " good God, the Judge, " would sit on it while judging souls recently dead.  Either to the good afterlife or ..
When the English first came to America they believed in God, in the Bible, Right from wrong.  Who are we now QQ. What are we QQ  Through who or what does evil come QQ  " Some only sell their souls for silver and gold. "  Lee " Scratch " Perry
If something is "evil" call it evil. A nearly unlimited amount of pain for a woman in her 20's on the internet--  she's weeping QQ The man in "control" whispers to her while licking her tears and this pornography available to all for free on the internet QQ  All, even the young Q
Sometimes sadism and quest for control begins simply.  A beautiful blonde young wife.  Bondage by her husband, pain, she laughs and says " nooooo. " thus, with a camera, with electricity/machine, the evil begins.  It is not just control, it ends in satanism.  A "game" QQQ  Evil.
Did you hear the one about the Norwegian Poet QQ  He went from bad to Verse.
RT @nowthisnews: ‘We have a system that is fundamentally broken.’ — Rep. @AOC is explaining just how f*cked campaign finance laws really ar…
I am a Democrat but I don't believe in " hating on " Republicans--  neither should Republicans, conservative Journalists, go to ultimate extremes ( as though building a border wall with Mexico is our number one priority, or should be as a nation. )
@realDonaldTrump Better to communicate, to set up positive deals and exchanges, than to isolate or try to isolate / punish an entire country.  Late nite comedians based "insult comedy" based on a person's name / supposed inferiority has no real place in a positive, optimistic, supportive nation.
I am Here, I am Now.
In sleep, or rest, it is OK when you wake up -- things are not perfect -- can things be improved QQQ What responsibilities do we have QQ
Television that makes you laugh, stay with it.  Hatred in a television copshow in interrogation QQ  Change the channel or turn it off.
How deep does the television's image/storyline Set go QQ When self prosecution, self incrimination starts to present itself (or is it mere coincidence QQ) change the channel. Know the right time to go up or down, spend a second or two or more, turn the television off. Intuition.
In the 1980's certain expensive brands of clothing became fashionable.  So television, instead of gathering all of us, rich and poor and the shrinking middle class, into sincere political and values discussion, -- television led people to want incredibly expensive things.
Insult comedy.  What is it, and why did insult comedy become so important in America QQ  One factor may be a " winner take all " society.  The top 10 % get what they want and need.  But the sneering comedians on late at night QQ Let's look down on " Men Ta Lee Ill " of N. Korea.
Sometimes it may seem someone is sending negativity to you.  During their insults, " fucking around ", etc., it may be tempting to respond with " energy, " " emotions, " that are also negative.  Angry.  Etc.  " Not one, not two. "  The negative curse giver fouls his own mouth.
There are some places now, some stores, where your money is no good.  No cash money allowed, without a great deal of hassle.  In some places only plastic will do.  ( debit / credit cards. ) The Book of Revelation QQ Is the purpose of life " fun " or to be a good parent / spouse Q
Overheard more than once, such as at the GTC station, the bus station in Fargo, North Dakota, said by bus users--  " as gay as a dollar bill. "  ( substitute other words also for " gay )  Are we moving closer to having a mark or device that "no man might buy or sell" without it Q
What does it mean to have " Freedom " QQ  There are only 24 hours in a day.  People like the Beastie Boys spoke the Truth, in rap, in Musick, yet though they were called to their career, their play was their work.  Their work was their play, and they didn't back down.
I myself have been tortured by the police, more than one time, though I am not a criminal, so I find it a bit amusing / ironic when they call themselves " law enforcement. "  As a society, do we enforce Justice even against police officers QQ
Are human emotions--  anger, creativity, being a Writer, a Painter, a Poet, being " Radically Honest " (see Brad Blanton's amazing books) -- is allowing oneself to weep, to mourn, to cry, or take a walk, is this a sign of "insanity" QQ If so, I want to go to a different country.
Television-- what is it and what is wrong with it QQ Is a smirk and an insult worthy of respect QQ What kind of human values are the highest, in terms of "What It Means To Be A Man QQ"  Yet still, strongmen and the rich getting ever richer infiltrate / corrupt / weaken Democracy.
One source of Gnostic Scripture translated now to English is the Nag Hammadi Scripture.  I like the sci fi of Philip K. Dick and Roger Zelazny.  But Les Miserables by Victor Hugo has true heart and Love to the point of redemption.  Ecclesiastes and Proverbs, Psalms 91, 23 and 40.
I believe perhaps Gnostic realizations about Jesus, what He says in the Gnostic Gospels, etc., must be, if you wish to read them and open the door to Gnosis, Salvation through Gnosis -- take one small step at a time but do not be afraid to share the Truth, in a dark, dark world.
There is a version of the taxes question in the Gospel of Thomas, a Gnostic Gospel.  Asked if taxes should be paid, Jesus says " Give unto caesar that which is caesar's, give unto god that which is god's, and give me that which is mine. "
But when The Lord Jesus Christ was tested, perhaps as a trap, " Should we pay taxes to the Romans QQ " he replied whose image is on this coin QQ  They replied, the Emperor's.  Jesus said, " Render unto Caesar what is Caesar's, and God what is God's. "
Before the Jews were scattered by the Roman Army, hopes were high that there would be a " Messiah " ( Anointed One ) to help lead the rebellion, drive out the Romans, and allow the Israelites / Jews to live in the land promised by God.
Then, with the liberation of the slaves in Egypt, the Hebrews, ultimately, guided by God, they reached their Promised Land, Israel, built the Temples, rebelled against and were scattered by the Roman Army / Empire.
At one time, people thought there was a spirit in each river, tree, breeze / gust of wind.  The Earth ( Mother Earth ) was considered sacred.  The Sky Father / Zeus Pater / Jupiter was sacred, then each of the gods / goddesses.  Legends, stories, sacred knowledge was preserved.
There was an Egyptian pharaoh, long ago, who led the people and priests and priestesses at temples to believe, as he believed, in only One God.  The Only God.  After the pharaoh's death, the temple priests and pharaoh led the nation to believe once again in many gods / goddesses.
Life must also be about the hardest realities of Life--  to be honest, to withhold or give information, to make a stand, to go for what you want, as easy or hard as it needs to be, -- in reproduction, then raising children as well as possible to be SURVIVORS.
" What is * your * crime QQ What are you guilty of QQ  Have you ever been arrested QQ "  So says the " police officer " to someone who believes differently ( who still believes in The Lord Jesus Christ QQ ) [ sci fi short story ]
Can we teach our highest moral Values to our children QQ Life is about helping others.
What is it that is behind the evil on the internet--  the torture, etc. QQ  Why is human trafficking the fastest growing crime in the world QQ Are we devolving to a point where sexuality, sexual pleasure, is the only Value in Life QQ
There was, I read, a woman in her apartment whose door was broken down because she was playing music too loudly. She was murdered by the police officer. We need to let police officers know they cannot simply kill people or make up their own rules. Right is right, wrong is wrong.
RT @realDonaldTrump: Numerous states introducing Bible Literacy classes, giving students the option of studying the Bible. Starting to make…
@realDonaldTrump " Values " education is better than moral vacuum or hedonism, leading once again to a fall of a nation / global power.
As well, it seems to me real relationships, based on Love, are an important part of true wealth.  Could it be some don't want to work in an office, they want to get married and raise children on an all natural farm QQ Yes.  Nothing wrong * with * it.
To me, it seems that protecting pure and good groundwater is part of real wealth.  As well, keeping traditional forms of seeds, crops, not trying to mix in genes of, say, a spider or human genes in an animal.  Pure and unpolluted air, soil, oceans without plastic that tortures.
Is it worth it to raise genetically modified crops, monoculture, to maximize yield, when the groundwater itself becomes undrinkable due to fertilizer chemicals and pesticides QQ  True, there are those dying of hunger.  What about true wealth, true compassion QQ  Sharing, caring.
What QQ You want "money" QQ  (Actually I want some myself so I can buy some more food.) But what *is* "money" QQ  Is it a number stored in a computer somewhere in a bank QQ What is the difference between "money" and true wealth Q And why pollute groundwater so it's undrinkable Q
It is said in the Book of Revelation, last Book in the Bible, that during the End Times people will be given a mark on their right hand or forehead,  that" no man might buy or sell, save he that has has the mark. "  My friend believed these are the End Times and warned me.
A friend once told me about the Book of Revelation ( given to St. John the Apostle of The Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ while John was exiled on the Isle of Patmos )  My friend said to me " If you receive the mark of the beast, you can't get to Heaven. "
Once " insult comedy " or " snark " or "the smirk" has been introduced, like vampirism (in a sci fi fantasy sense) to late night television, or internet evil, or in a country as it abandons Christianity for sex, or even in a "very nice" small town, be very careful, follow Jesus.
" THINGS ARE FUCKED UP AND SHIT "  A woman was carrying this sign.  Below the photograph of her marching in a crowd was an "insult comedy" "snarky" remark. Is this what the internet is for QQ "It's all so fucked up," said a girl, in BDSM, being forced to have orgasms on Insex.
" Who'll be my role model now that my role model has gone, gone, slipped right down the alley way with some roly poly little fat faced girl QQ "  Paul Simon on Graceland album.  Do " patients " in " psychiatry " * always * need torturous drugs like neuroleptics QQ Who benefits QQ
There are ways in which neuroleptics affect the " patient's " nose, the interior of the nose up to sinuses.  Could it be some people are not as " authorized " as others to experience true emotions QQ " Who'll be my role model, now that my role model has gone, gone, slipped down .
This older woman in Minneapolis, a friend of mine in a so called " psychiatric ward " ( because she didn't know the right way to deal with things is before a judge, with an attorney ) argued with the supervisor that she had a right to control what goes into her body / her nose.
" I can Love. "  one of my friends in Minneapolis, an older woman, a Christian woman who gave me a St. Christopher medal, said this to me.  We were both " patients " in a " psychiatric hospital " there. She simply wanted to feel emotions like Love. Psychiatry didn't let her Love.
I personally, in a so called "hospital" (Sanford, in Fargo, North Dakota) had two supposed nurses come in and inform me I had to have a very long Q Tip pushed through my nose to my brain.  After laughing at me, they did it.  I was immobilized on my arms. This is torture of today.
There is a sacred part of the human body, in fact several, as the pineal gland ( I believe ) which some say is the connection to Spirit, allows through sinus chambers either mucus / Love etc.  Which is why anti religion psychiatry wants control, not allowing individuals to Love.
So...  trying to force people on the street to take a drug such as a ( older or newer generation of ) neuroleptic and, possibly, severe police brutality occurs, then lockup in a " hospital " -- one outcome of neuroleptic torture ( dehumanization) is loss of ability to feel, emote
It seems to me that " the first step " in taking that " first step " toward learning about the legal system here in the USA, civil law, criminal law, different layers of Law all the way to the Supreme Court, is to give oneself permission to become a student (even if on one's own)
One must be careful in listening to music. I read about a woman who was listening to music. Perhaps the police thought the music was too loud, that things were out of control.  The police killed the woman. It seems to me * if * police brutality occurs, they should be prosecuted.
When you want to buy and read a book or self educate on that topic, do it any way you wish. Use pens or markers or not, to write in the book or not. The cost of the book is nothing, as long as you read it, benefit from it. Pay no attention to the cost.  Give yourself permission.
Sometimes, when dark outside, dark inside. Then, go to bed. Time doesn't matter sometimes until the light is on outside. Morning. A brand new day. But for now, watch a little television or go to bed. If, when you get half a chance, you want to study a book, buy it. Read it.
I have done some study of Zen Buddhism.  And as far as Tibetan Buddhism, I truly respect and honour The Dalai Lama.  The original teachings of the Buddha are very interesting, particularly The Middle Path. Not too much, nor too little. Not about getting more for "me." Compassion.
I like to say to myself " While in my heart of hearts I am a Christian Scientist, officially I am a Lutheran and believe as Luther did in faith through grace a free gift from God, salvation, not through works.  I study the Roman Catholics and Quakers.  Gnostic beliefs as well. "
While I am OK with the existence of Asatru, and Wicca, etc., as in the USA there is Freedom of Religion, I am all in favour of the life stories of such African Americans as Martin Luther King, Jr., and Malcom X.  I myself in my heart of hearts see myself as Christian Scientist.
I believe in America, there should be easy and legal ways to gradually go off of torturous drugs / neuroleptics, which, following the model of hospitals in Norway, should not be used in the first place, nor should there be repeated police brutality. The system should not be $$$$
There are some problems in the ways in which " psychiatry " first labels people with labels from the DSM 5, then forces people to take what I call torture drugs.  Is it a " scientific breakthrough " when, first generation, then the newer neuroleptics are invented QQ
What is the purpose of the internet QQ What were the intentions behind putting the images and videos that ( perhaps, beyond the "safe, sane and consensual" limits, into illegality ) bring younger people into practices, sadism, anti Christianity QQ Sometimes, rest, no electricity
Inter racial sex, cuckolding, ( of course, many believe there is only one human race, and God created all equal.  That is your right to believe that, if that is what you believe. )  Yet am I a " thought criminal " ( as in the novel 1984 ) if I believe in tolerance of Asatru QQ
Given that we as human beings have only so much time until we die ( for those that believe in life after that point, OK, some don't, that is your right to believe that ) --  we have to ask ourselves, what do we want to accomplish QQ to experience QQ to attack or defend as a man Q
The term " clean " such as going through with and being done with taking a shower, with shampoo and real soap-- at least once every 24 hours is a very good thing.  Another interpretation of its opposite, " unclean " is evil.  Yet, take the 1st step.  Talk.  Introduce yourself.
It is, I think, useful for an anti psychiatry person to read and re read over and over again The DSM 5 as well as another book, which outlines a way some say is a better way to help people--  The Power Threat Meaning Framework by the British Psychological Society.
" Schizophrenia " --  " divided mind. "  The term was introduced into the English language in 1911. Even as a Human Rights/Civil Rights activist, advocate, being against many psychiatric practices, torture, police brutality leading to it, still, I read The DSM 5. Terms to define.
There have been times I've enjoyed copshows that are not as fast paced, that have a sense of humour, like Barney Miller.  Is there a sense in which more recent copshows try to increase hatred to a maximum, or try to move further and further into self incrimination QQ
Could it be that there are better outcomes, better healing, with sex therapy than with so called neuroleptics ( " meds " ) as neuroleptics as I see them in the words of The Cult (a rock band) are a "love removal machine" QQ Are free citizens allowed to Love QQ  or just copshows Q
In the USA, very often, " people who are having problems in living " ( people some call ' mental patients ' ) are " diagnosed " through the " DSM 5 " and placed on a control freak based ( system ) of being forced to take torturous neuroleptics. Otherwise, go to a judge, attorney
Let's say that a " psychiatrist, " a " doctor, " in the USA, is not " corrupt, " not beholden to the big drug companies, nor is he or she primarily there to work with the police.  People take neuroleptics.  Not everyone who takes them needs them. The system itself destroys itself
The problem arises when watching television, when something negative appears on the screen.  Then, either keep " flipping " the channels up or down, watch a movie, a DVD, or turn the television off ( no electricity QQ ) for a short time or long time.  Eat.  Drink.  Read.  Rest.
In VALIS, Vast Active Living Information System, one of my favourite novels by my favourite author, Philip K. Dick, who was a Gnostic Christian, people in a psychiatric ward were positively evaluated by staff if they watched television, played games. Even now, watching TV is good
At one time in my college years I took a class called " Communications. "  The professor warned that sometimes, simply due to trusting a " professional " with one's emotions, and being honest ( and naive ) a person could get trapped in psychiatry--  locked up, drugged forcibly.
Better to have traditional shamanism with hallucinogenic drugs guided by an experienced shaman,  than lifelong shaming and torture through artificial drugging such as neuroleptics, through psychiatric DSM 5 " labels " and police brutality / forced numbing of any real emotions.
Let's legalize marijuana all across the USA.  It is anti cancer.  It helps people go off other drugs.  It helps people in serious pain.  Let's legalize hallucinogenic pathways to shamanism, ways of tuning in to one's deepest purposes in Life, not just typing on computer machines.
Is there something " sadistic " about people when trying to use the so called " scientific method " when creating, let's say, artificial chemicals such as neuroleptics, which create torturous feelings, or when injecting things into animals QQ " Scientist Sadistics " as their name
Is it " Wisdom " for Socrates to have accepted the verdict of death, to die, drinking poison, because he indirectly ( by The Socratic Method ) questioned the existence of Gods and Goddesses QQ Yet today, is there something of deep Value in these Stories from very ancient times QQ
Though in one sense, when Ancient Greeks believed in Gods and Goddesses, told stories about them ( as did Egyptians and Indians, etc. about theirs ) and Socrates drank poison because of his beliefs, -- later, monotheism existed, later Science / atheism / humanism / relativism ..
To read Plato ( read about his Philosophical Teacher, Socrates, and yet Socrates was more than just a teacher ) .. and Pre Socratic Philosophers, and Greek Drama / Tragedy, Nietzsche, Aristotle .. Homer, The Iliad, The Odyssey, Huckleberry Finn, how a society survives,  Wisdom ..
One gets the impression that the USA, unfortunately, land of the Free and home of the Brave, is one of the harshest regimes in allowing police brutality as a gateway to being behind locked doors at a so called " psychiatric unit " -- find a method to " do " or " not do " wu wei.
In the Western Lappland clinic / hospital for " people who are having problems in living " ( a preferred term rather than " mental patient " for some psychiatric survivors ) intensive non chemical therapy occurs, talk therapy, one on one, with family, group therapy.
In the Western Lappland clinic / hospital in Finland, which has the best outcomes in the world for "  people who are having problems in living " though no old or new neuroleptics are used, if someone has not been sleeping, at first, sleeping pills are given.
In the hospital / clinic for " people who are having problems in living " ( people deemed " mentally ill " under the " medical model " of madness in America ) -- the best outcomes in the world are produced by a place in Western Lappland, Finland, no neuroleptics are used.
God's vision for all people is a Vision of plenty, enough food, housing, education, meaningful employment, being Free to Worship or Meditate, Practice, as they see fit.  The desire and search for Wisdom is the Highest Good, yet we each individually have responsibilities.
Abraham was willing to do anything God told him to, thus he was willing to kill his own son, but God stayed his hand. Abraham is the First Patriarch. Perhaps history is a dialectical Story of the pharaoh/gold / power-over collectors, vs. a vision of plenty for all people, Freedom
"Curse God, and die."- Job's wife." Though He slay me, yet shall I serve Him." (yet shall I worship Him)-Job.  Abraham did what God told him to do, thus he separated himself from his kinfolk.  Lot was told to leave the evil city, Sodom, or die.  His wife died when she looked back
" Man is the political animal. "  Aristotle QQ At first, mixed up logic with " scare tactics " ( as when dealing with legal matters over the phone. "  But having spoken with a number of attorneys and researched the internet, be 100% honest, direct, polite yet unyielding.
What is this, this possibility of a control freak society, of constant electronic monitoring of drugs in a person's blood QQ Will we as " free " citizens have " Civil Rights / Human Rights " to make our own decisions QQ Or.. Is this a Democracy QQ Or maybe go to Norway, Finland..
It was my Father who taught me the value of Graciousness.  It is incredibly, incredibly important to be Gracious, to smile, in dealing with people, in conversations--  in other words, this whole world is not about pleasing myself, money, arrogance.  Ask others, be 100% Respectful
The Bible.  The Holy Bible.  In Proverbs, the Wise Man overlooks a matter, but a Fool brings it up.  Yet also, there is a time and place to upbraid a Fool, to educate a Fool to allow ( perhaps ) more Wisdom.  I and Thou by Martin Buber--  sometimes, tell Truth and Lead others.
The TV.  Television.  What is it QQ Although, sometimes changing channels up or down after a few seconds or on an advertisement I don't like is better.  Sometimes, turn off even the electrical power for a few days, give yourself a break, buy yourself a drink ( non al.
Even the Police must obey the Law.  When they do not, they should be brought to Justice.  ( Although, of course, whether it is an individual involved or a department's policies at stake, Justice requires and entitles them to legal representation. )
When there are people whose Civil Rights / Human Rights have been violated, it is possible for some to have the desire, and the capability, to become a Student of the Law ( though he or she doesn't actually pay tuition / take classes for credit at a University. )
In 1911, the term " schizophrenia " entered our world, our consciousness, our collective Mind, Collective Soul.  " schizophrenia " means " divided mind. "  Forced drugging of certain drugs, neuroleptics, police brutality, and locked doors is " power-over " yet is it forever QQ
One's Life is not about having debates as one did on the Debate Team in High School.  In VALIS, by P. K. Dick, the Chinese Finger Trap (non duality, not one - not two in Zen) &amp; -Big Tent of Love that takes care of everyone, Happy Days Are Here Again, Story, not selfishness
The Tao Te Ching.  Chuang Tzu.  The Quakers.  To be a student of Zen..  To believe in Salvation through The Lord Jesus Christ, Only Begotten Son of God The Father, Creator of Heaven and Earth.  The Lord Jesus Christ is my Personal Lord and Saviour.
There is nothing wrong with eating some food, drinking a real beverage ( non non sugar drink ), getting a bit of exercise when one can, and having oneself a little lie down for a spell.  Give oneself some space to remember the Good.
To truly understand what one's Duties, Responsibilities, Rights and Privileges are, devote yourself 100 percent to the Study of Law ( human Law ) and Law and Grace ( God's Law, and the Grace by which God allows us to be saved, to not be destroyed, sent to hell. )
I like to say ( to myself ) there are at least four things in Life--  First, Duty.  Second, Responsibilities.  Third, Rights.  And Fourth, Priviliges.  Insanity, incompetence, bad motivation, crime, leads to being locked up, locked out, homeless, poor, victimized, drugged/torture
Games have their place.  Sometimes I enjoy Elevator Action.  Simple strategies develop over time.  But true enjoyment / happiness comes from sharing what one has, being gracious, grateful, polite, and studying sincerely a good religious foundation of one's life, i.e. The Bible.
What * is * the internet, and how was it created and why was it created QQ If the internet is self incrimination, does that mean that, in the USA, we have Freedom QQ If the internet began for good reasons, how did it become so evil QQ
Nous.  Mind.  The noosphere.  The world mind.  The internet.  A network of networks.  But why QQ Is it anarchy on the internet QQ Can we start to have Law QQ
What [ shall we say potentially is / in a " science fiction dystopia is ] -- is a way for a person " with something to gain " to try to use a " pop psychology " term ( like " psycho " ) to apply to another person QQ  Psychiatry derives some of its torture / power from divisions.
Are we following gods other than God QQ  What about the god of causing pain for another person and filming it, putting it on the internet QQ  God warns us when generations abandon God for other gods, the wrath of God will be kindled.
The TV screen.  Stories.  The internet.  Slavery and return of strongmen, kings perhaps.  Slavery and torture--  will Christians help, protect, free those in sadomasochism?  though some claim it's " safe, sane and consensual, " some is torture / brainwashing and evil.
A humanity full of self hatred.  Torture and evil on the computer phone ( smart phone ) screen, the opposite of the Axial Age of Jesus and The Buddha, who taught " Love Thy Neighbor As Thyself ( love God with all thy strength, soul, mind, heart and thy neighbor as thyself. )
Am I "equivocating" because I believe in Freedom of Religion QQ When police officers, troopers, etc. are not trained well in dealing with conflict between different groups of people in protests?-in the past, a protester named Heather Heyer died. We must treat protest with respect
To talk about oneself, one's personal history, on the public transportation, the bus, in Moorhead, Minnesota and Fargo, North Dakota sometimes brings around people, men, who initially present themselves as " friendly " yet try to " fag out " a person with never ending questions.
On the public transportation, the bus, in Moorhead, Minnesota to Fargo, North Dakota ( and in psychiatry, hospitals ) put downs, insults such as "gimp " "faggot " and " fruitcake " refer to those, probably on psychiatric drugs, probably with a DSM 5 " label " and discuss the past
RT @nypost: De Blasio touts $100 million plan to provide health care for all NYC residents https://t.co/Rrc8Hg0oA9 https://t.co/MR3Xatrco2
Getting rid of things is sometimes Job One.  As well, treat other people with respect if possible and try to network and talk with people, asking for help if needed.  Self respect and a smile can help, giving oneself permission to go after goals--  set goals, achieve goals.
A man must ask himself, " What must I do to be a man QQ "
Could a society's Values, such as hospitality for all, putting a roof over peoples' heads, food to eat, storytelling, generosity for all people, and making sure to teach children these Values, be considered the most important, not numeric 'money' in computers, greed, war, sadism?
When White people invent a machine like a computer, say that " money " is represented by a number in a machine, a computer, and that the most " successful " people are those with " billions " of " dollars " while some are homeless, some freeze to death, drunk.
What evil, exactly, did we introduce into the world, into our consciousness, individually and collectively, when the internet was invented QQ. Yet, also, the internet has the seed of a better world, humanity at peace with each other and with Mother Nature.
To be truthful, I do not know (I don't have much of a clue) whether these are "the End Times" described in the Bible's Book of Revelation, as given by vision by God to St. John exiled on the Isle of Patmos, or not. I do know I want to be able to use cash, paper or coins at stores
According to the Wall Street Journal article, cash is either not being accepted or accepted with great difficulty at some stores.  Having said that (and this is my own comment on the Book of Revelation) are there going to be " the Mark of the Beast " on hand or forehead needed QQ
Now, store by store, chains of corporate stores or individual shops (maybe just individual stores) according to the Wall Street Journal, cash, paper money, coins, in the USA are not being accepted (or running into huge problems for some individuals in some stores after purchases)
Why would Google give this stuff, images, videos, evil, suffering, pain, away for free for anyone of any age to look at QQ
What is this mirror filled with self hatred and torture called the internet QQ We must work together to shut down camera industries used for hatred, evil and torture.
Too much.  Too much.  Rest.  Relax.  Do nothing for a spell.
Is there someone to draw the line QQ On the internet, evil.  Does it degrade the viewer as it humiliates and degrades the woman QQ  ( who may be forced on all fours to eat dog food while weeping, etc. )  What happened to the nation full of Believers in the Holy Bible, Born Again
We must have Absolute Respect for those who have come before, whose Ancestors were already here when our Ancestors came here.  The American Indians.  No one should be hungry, homeless, without purpose in life, alcoholic and in need but not getting help.  Educate the children.
To Simplify, give away, or throw away ( into the garbage. )  Follow intuition. Active. One step at a time. No need for guilt or perfectionism or doing more than one thing at a time.  Then passive.  Rest. The cycle of the day. You never know how important throwing away garbage is.
Why QQ Why sadism, masochism QQ That was not God's intention when He made Eve to be helpmeet for Adam, the first man.  However, as a society men lose power as women are becoming more and more powerful.  This is not what the Bible teaches. As well, there are orgies. A new Dark Age
With some people, " handle with care. "  Siouxsie Sioux, Siouxsie and the Banshees
" I am Everyday People. "  Most people would say I'm White.  Most of my Ancestors are Norwegian ( some may be Sami / Lapplander, one may be from France. )  But I am no better than anyone else.  Having said that, I am no worse than anyone else, and I have something positive to add
" I am Everyday People. "  " He insulted my White Queen, so I had to take the mother out for being rude. "  ( in the song originally it was " Black Queen " but I believe each person, each man and woman, has Freedom even if Asatru.  I myself am Christian Scientist in my heart. )
" We've got to fight the Powers That Be. "  -- Public Enemy
Where my High School used to have a Library with books, now there is a Security Center.  Somehow, determining " guilt " of crime or thought crime ( if the model of the novel 1984 is to be believed ) is central, whether on TV or off, rather than empowering individuals to succeed.
Where there used to be a LIBRARY.  MIND CEMETERY now. -- Rage Against the Machine
Instead of anarchy on the internet, perhaps we could organize groups of people to decide / draw the line in subject areas, in content.  No one person, nor religious hierarchy should dictate what is available.  Traditional power groups, or money making, also should not control all
Why would a big internet company not get prosecuted and regulated if it is giving away for free, on the internet, material that gets people in trouble with law enforcement agencies, local, state or federal QQ  Could it be corruption, collusion QQ
Why would there be individual and collective ( for a group ) self hatred on television and internet QQ Is ethnic or non ethnic Asatru always to be considered " evil " QQ  I always say, in my heart of hearts, I am a Christian Scientist, but officially I am a Lutheran.
What is TV QQ What is television QQ  a transsexual transvestite from transylvania QQ [ throw popcorn and chant phrases at screen ] QQ  Self hatred.  What is internet QQ  Self hatred, set a so called " dominant " woman up, as if it were a game, then film pure sadism against her.
The first DSM 5 that I bought I threw away into the garbage--  where I believe they belong.  The Power Threat Meaning Framework by The British Psychological Society is somewhat better, more acceptable to psychiatric survivors.
A pseudo totalitarian society ( science fiction short story ) a society in which some, or all, people have no freedom, no real freedom, to control substances entering their body.  A pseudo " medical " reason is given.  For those being confronted by police, police brutality occurs
Is there an " agenda " at work in pornography QQ
VALIS.  good book.  " The Roman Empire never died. "  Another book talks about a dominant city state, set of alliances, etc., deals with the economic / political / military rise of a rival--  ending with war or cooperation or " frenemies " QQ
" If he's manic, we'll crucify him. "
" Once he has a woman, then we have him. "
" He should have been an alcoholic by now !! "
" What we're gonna have to do with * this guy * is .. "
At a * reasonable * volume ..
Are the young people, the university students, not getting enough food to eat QQ  What about the minimum wage all across this great land, why is it kept so low, while the rich serve themselves more and more QQ  And what about evil on the internet QQ  We are stronger TOGETHER !!!
Think about The Sundays, one of my favourite groups.  Yet their music would not be the same if they were not so contemplative, so sad, so honest, even in the face of the " powers that be " in the psychiatric pill addiction / forcible psychiatric drugging system.  It is OK, beauty
What is the difference between an orange and an apple QQ  Yes, they are nutritious.  Some prefer one, some prefer the other, for others, it sometimes depends.  Where do they come from QQ  Evolution QQ  God's will and Provision QQ I believe in God's goodness. Christianity provides
How many Numbers are there QQ  --Limited QQ  --Limitless QQ  Not one, not two QQ  Non duality QQ  Even so, answer whatever you will, the bills must be paid.  A budget can include priorities, income, outflow, as in Systems Theory, like the flow of a River.  Still, fish live in it.
Unfortunately, a blind belief in concentrating power and money, land, resources, the ability to communicate one side ( propaganda ) while depriving the common people of what they need, keeping wages and " benefits " low, will result in a form of enslavement, then war.
Would it be " good " or " useful " if absolute behaviourism, a form of absolute pseudo totalitarianism using the so called " scientific method " in this " five senses sense sensorium ", were used merely to concentrate power only in the hands of those already powerful QQ
Supposively, an Indivisible ...
Even with paganism in Norway before the King became Christian, there was human sacrifice.  In that sense, moving to Christianity was better.  But now in Europe and America QQ  Are we now merely hedonistic and atheist QQ
Anti Hitler.  Anti Nazi.  But what about Asatru, ethnic or non ethnic QQ I believe forms of paganism should be allowed.  Yet which is better, Catholicism in Mexico, a Vision of Mary Mother of God, the Virgin of Guadalupe QQ  Or endless human sacrifices with the Aztecs in Mexico Q
RT @ChennaiTimesTOI: .@priyankachopra and @nickjonas turn Simpsons characters...Check out these pictures of the duo https://t.co/B2Vnv7yOJ2
@ChennaiTimesTOI @priyankachopra @nickjonas @PriyankaCentral @PriyankaFanClub @PeeCeeManiac @PeeCeeFanClub @PriyankasFans @PriyankaChopraM What's not to like QQ  Blessings !  Ganesh !  And a Happy Marriage, God Bless.
@ChennaiTimesTOI @priyankachopra @nickjonas @PriyankaCentral @PriyankaFanClub @PeeCeeManiac @PeeCeeFanClub @PriyankasFans @PriyankaChopraM Beauuuuteeful bride !
@AnnCoulter Not one, not two. Non-dualism. We all want a good home, if we have children, a better life for our children. Our country is big enough for more people, workers and families.  But I understand, those who choose lawlessness should experience Justice.  Don't be mean.  No call to be.
To have one's own farm, with good soil, in a good community, a good place to raise a family, perhaps with 40 or 50 types of food being raised, chickens, etc., is not something to be ashamed of in this world.  And go to church, pray to God, tithe, help the poor, read the Bible.
Is there a sense in which male hatred and violence toward women is increasing in places around the world and here in the USA, simply because of sadism and masochism on the internet, lifestyles gone way too far into criminality ??  ( also abuse of men )
In a Democracy ( yes, capitalism is here too ) -- when change is desired, take many, many good looks, long, deep looks, at how you and how others who believe as you do, can make a change, or changes in society, step by step, WITHIN THE LAW.  Not bombs, no guns, no violence.
I FOR ONE HAVE HAD ENOUGH OF THE EVIL, THE DANTE'S INFERNO, THE HELL THAT IS ON THE INTERNET, AVAILABLE FOR FREE FOR ANYONE OF ANY AGE, CREATING CYNICISM ( AND SATANISM ? )  PLEASURE, AND ORGIES, AS THE PURPOSE OF LIFE ?  TO NEGATE MARRIAGE VOWS MADE BEFORE GOD AND MAN ????
WE CAN DO BETTER IN THIS GREAT NATION WITH OUR MINIMUM WAGE !!  SHARE THE WEALTH, SHARE THE LOVE !!
WE NEED TO HAVE A MINIMUM WAGE, A LIVING WAGE, FIRST OF $ 15.00 / HOUR THEN $ 25.00 / HOUR ALL ACROSS THIS GREAT LAND SO THAT PEOPLE DON'T HAVE TO CHOOSE BETWEEN KEEPING A ROOF OVER THEIR FAMILYS HEAD, FOOD ON THE TABLE, CLOTHING AND SUPPLIES FOR THE YOUNG ONES, AND PILLS.
Healthcare should be given, provided to all people, if the person chooses.  Healthcare is RIGHT, not a PRIVILEGE FOR THE RICH.  We need a very STRONG, ROBUST MIDDLE CLASS EARNING ENOUGH MONEY NOT TO HAVE TO DO WITHOUT JUST SO THEIR CHILDREN GET FED.
There are different types of people. There are different kinds of people. You could say, as each and every snowflake is absolutely unique, so too each human being is unique. Yet in some ways we are all the same. We all need food, love, rest, a meaningful life.  NOT JUST THE RICH.
In the Lutheran church in which I grew up, was baptized and confirmed, people, parents, family, young adults were told to not fall for the devil and all his empty promises.  In what way does this relate to any kind of addiction, self destructive activity, including pornography??
Is the internet a good thing? What is it used for? For which purposes? There are the 5 physical senses. Seeing, hearing, taste, touch and smell. In the Lutheran church in which I grew up (was baptized and confirmed) parents were told to instruct children, to teach Bible truth.
A system consists of input, output, data processing, feedback, and " the mysterious fifth element. "  Take out the garbage when it is time.  Clean up.  Having something meaningful to do, and doing it, is one of the most deeply enjoyable things in Life.
In studying Zen Buddhism, sometime someone says not one, not two.  If everything were the same, what's the difference between drinking poison and drinking clean water ?  There is a difference.  Yet in some sense, none of us are completely isolated.  DO GOOD, BE HUMBLE.
With dualism, enemy vs. enemy, the misunderstanding, to paraphrase Philip K. Dick in the novel VALIS--  the misunderstanding, the mistake, is similar to trying to remove your two index fingers from one another in a Chinese Finger Trap.-they just hold onto each other more tightly.
If you see yourself as " opposed " to another person, and you see the other person as either your " enemy " or someone to be " diminished " or " made submissive " as though we are all in a game, remember to LOVE and CARE and SHARE.  Understand how to Listen in Humility, to Help.
I trust God.  Do things one thing at a time.  Then, say, I've done the best that I can, and rest.
If, in a theoretical, science fiction sense, --if someone were saying things or somehow implying things just to see how you respond, and if the other person " seems " to have competition / ( " the long game ?? ) in him / her, remember, you have rights, but hate = self destructive
" Information can either be shared or not be shared. "
Meaning is best understood by reading a novel, such as The Hobbit, or Lord of The Rings, by J. R. R. Tolkien, or the John Le Carre spy novels. Sometimes reading about a great military hero is important.  And meaningful. And reminds one of patriotism.  The need to set things right
Odysseus was "that resourceful man" says the Goddess of Wisdom, Athena. His was also a great Story, and his son also was prompted by the Goddess Athena: he needed also to become a full man, and address those evil, selfish men, tell them he was going to sail, search for his Father
J. R. R. Tolkien's Story about the short fellow, the hobbit, who lived in a nice, dry house in the earth, filled with provisions, pots and pans, etc., but was called off on an Adventure to help kill a Dragon and return the gold to the Dwarves, is a great Story.  Like Odysseus.
Insults.  Struggling to have power.  J. R. R. Tolkien.  But if there is an insult, " the old 50 / 50 " by which, in a situation, lines of logic seem to be leading toward " the divided mind " ( the term schizophrenia was introduced in 1911 ) turn it off.  Leave.  No more story.
The Law.  Take it upon yourself--  * give yourself permission * to see yourself as very much a Beginner at the Study of Law.  Because the Law is so vast in scope, governing modes / forms of humility / respect in many, many cultures, that every day, to begin again is to Learn anew
Love yourself enough to ...  Do you really want God in your life ??  Then go to Worship.  Go to Church.  Read the Bible.  Have different types of Bibles for different purposes, like a Recovery Bible.  Or a Bible for Athletic Groups.
God made all of us equal.  At birth.  However...  be aware of your rights and duty to yourself--  information may either be shared, or not be shared.  Be aware of what is happening around you.  Not everyone may believe himself to be your " friend or loved one. "
I, generally speaking, try to be polite and * gracious * to people.  If God placed a person, a man, in such a way that we are communicating with each other, such as on the bus, being gracious may mean asking him questions about what he's been through.
There are some human beings who * are * human beings.  Does this seem to be able to be understood ??  I mean, deep down ??  Some, however, seem to have no choice but to see Life as a game.  The first and foremost rule in dealing with such people is to be honest with yourself.
The Power Threat Meaning  Framework  by The British  Psychological  Society, many agree, is much more humanistic and approved by psychiatric survivors and many Psychologists, Nurses, etc., than the DSM 5, which was based on a materialist, anti-spiritual philosophy.  Locks, force.
I am reading the DSM 5.  I am also reading The Power Threat Meaning Framework by The British  Psychological Society.The first seems to be more of "we, the experts, will give you labels, tell you what's "wrong" with you, and addict you to drugs- (drugs not used in parts of Europe)
Hypothetically, two relatives could " dislike " or " mock " each other at one point, while at other points, be grateful for good deeds done.  " You can never step in the same river twice. "  --Heraclitus.
Sometimes, one small step at a time is what God would like for us to do.  Only enough Light for one step at a time.  Jesus is the Light.
The Main Character (The Protagonist, The Hero) is at home, yet this is the Alpha Moment: Something is not right. Someone has delivered the news. A trip, a Voyage, to Set Things Right, away from home ?? Perhaps at first, the Hero declines.  Not me.  Or is it Stepping Out in Faith?
Where do insults come from ?  Joseph Campbell being interviewed by Bill Moyers on The Hero's Journey, says the Dark Side of The Force ( as in the film Star Wars etc. by George Lucas ) is electricity, machines, electronics, etc.  So, where do insult comics get hatred, give jokes ?
Although perhaps two brothers may dislike each other, for the sake of others in the family, trying to be polite is a good thing.
Psychiatry, in using police to invade the personal living space of a person, often use as an excuse, the "concern" of a person or group of people in the family of origin."Your sister is concerned about you."It is never simply accepted that two brothers truly dislike each other.
The cruel irony of a so called "democracy" -- some, even before the age of 18, go to "doctors" (psychiatrists) in the naive belief that only good is intended by the psychiatrist. Some are helped, yet become lifelong addicts to drugs, labeled and victimized by police &amp; hospitals.
Malcolm X was labelled by the FBI as a "Communist." The Black Muslims with other activists with the "Black Power" salute (a raised fist) were seen both by the FBI and psychiatry as anti American and "mentally ill" -- ( "schizophrenic"/"aggressive" under the "DSM" of the time. )
Malcolm X said that his last name, X, represented the family name that the slavers took from him, and his family, generations ago, when they were torn from Africa and sold in America.  His political activism, his religious beliefs, caused the FBI and psychiatry to label him.
Humility is one of the most important parts of what the Bible has to say.  We all have a role in society.  However, no one is entitled by law to make a death threat to a man of a different (or the same) race, even if the man making the threat is of a historically subjugated race.
As a civilization grows, perhaps weapons eventually bring about a new dark ages.  Or a hit to the planet Earth from an object from outer space.  Where do we all come from ?  Each race of humanity ?  Is it " forbidden " to discuss or to be Asatru ?  ( ethnic or non ethnic )
At one time in the West, Christianity.  Before that, Empire with polytheism, worship of many gods and goddesses.  Before that, new ideas, Athens, democracy, Sparta, a military society, Thebes, a wealth governed society. Egypt and other ancient societies. Civilization &amp; dark ages?
There are areas, hospitals, in Norway, that do not use any psychiatric drugs.  The best psychiatric outcomes in the world are in Wrstern Lappland, Finland.
So the wealthy / powerful ( such as psychiatrists ) use language in such a way as to benefit themselves financially and to keep money / power for themselves and their families for the long run.  But if it is 100 percent of the power vs. 0 percent, how long until a war ?
So the psychiatrist, with the help of descriptors in the DSM 5, and with financial position very high up in society / being seen as an " expert " ( like a " judge " ) due to distributing addictive drugs from big drug companies, ( though some people need help ... )
Now, according to Foucault, painful water hoses were turned on to force common people to talk about themselves.  " Tell me about yourself !! "  Power, for the psychiatrist / doctor is from being the " expert " who can " diagnose " " illness. "  Talk about yourself !!
Michel Foucault talks about prisons, psychiatry, etc. in his work Discipline  and Punish as subject to being " seen " by the central authority, the central eye.  No longer, historically, were the worst criminals being tortured / killed in the worst way.  Drawn and quartered.
Dungeons...  Mind control over people in pornography who don't realize they have any other option...  Is this democracy or a growing rule by the wealthy ??  ( plutocracy )  Will we be part of, as in the Roman Empire, an empire, pseudo totalitarian, based on " the seeing eye ?? "
When the Pilgrims came to North America to survive, live, keep warm, eat ( with the help of American Indians ) did they believe in serving and worshipping God in their own way, down through the generations ??  What might they think about the internet / pornography / trafficking??
Standing strong, with The Stars and Stripes we can tell, this dream's in sight, ..  you know we've * got * to win.  --Donald Fagen, lyrics
If large corporations make a lot of money making pornography--  where is the abusiveness prosecuted, if it goes over a line ??  Making money, people being abused, tortured, -- is this a " philosophy " as in the late Roman Empire, leading to self destruction ??
" the game .. "  ??   Instead of making life decisions based on one's Duty, civic duty, duty to God, reading the Bible ??  Instead, hatred between men and women, women and men, use of foul language, atheism, hedonism, sadism and masochism, increasing slavery, trafficking.
RT @PattyMurray: President Trump can keep up the pressure all he wants for his border wall funding, but voters have made it clear that they…
RT @Reuters: ‘We’re facing a man-made disaster of global scale, our greatest threat in thousands of years: climate change.’ Sir David Atten…
Blessed are the peacemakers.  --Jesus
What is the shield ?  What is the tin star ?  And what does it represent ?
Sometimes one must ask oneself, !am I on the side of the Law ?  Or am I on the side of the lawless, anarchy, " might makes right " and doing absolutely anything for " the almighty dollar, " or for physical addiction / pleasure seeking and abusiveness ??
I might be OK with having a " portion " of the internet containing " purely legal " erotic photos, stories, and so on.  And each user ( " participant ?? " in the future, with new means of interaction .. )  would have to be registered with, say, ironclad ID as an American adult.
Originally, a " corporation " was merely a chartered entity treated as a single individual.  However, what is the purpose, such as visual content in Google, where there " may ?? " be prosecution, persecution, warnings by local lawmen, --is it a means of entrapment ??
The irony of not prosecuting an immensely powerful and profitable company like Google, which provides illegal (or is it ??) content to all for free while trying to get a " little guy " to plead guilty is:  where does the real fault lay ??  Is there " collusion " among -powerful??
Can we go back to a state of relatively more "innocence" protecting and a "traditional" values, " what we used to call " family values " society ??  Are we setting up people to be " hooked " in one or more of various ways, for " guilt " on the one hand, while punishment awaits ??
Perhaps we really do need to fix America's infrastructure before even more bridges collapse with cars on them, due either to faulty construction or lack of maintenance over the years.  Why pay so much for military bases globally ?  Let allies chip in more as well.  AMERICA !
Mary Baker Eddy had some deep healing / salvation / realization experiences and so started Christian Science and started some Christian Science publications, The Christian Science Monitor, and others.  Just one person, yet such a powerful impact.
Do we remember the best Values in, for example, Christianity??  Or the religion of your choice ??  Do we teach these patiently, gently and clearly to children, the next generation ??  Or, by turning our eyes away, do we let some control the internet, allowing evil ??
Capitalism.  The " dance of Shiva. " All melts, all that is solid melts, while again rising up again ( paraphrased line ) -- endless competition, cooperation, concentration of productive power, new technologies, " everything changes " but God.  Rest.  Learn.  Teach.  Spirit.
RT @prayerandhealth: RT GoVerses: https://t.co/Ad8ZAxr7yX	Thou to whose power our hope we give, Free us from human strife. Fed by Thy love…
RT @marrowformarley: @Oprah 🙏🏼!!!URGENT!!!🙏🏼 Just one single RT could save this boys life! Marley is 6 years old and needs a bone marrow tr…
@Oprah Hope !
RT @Oprah: Michelle, I never thought of it that way before but I couldn't agree more. You've shown us that there's not just ONE thing we ca…
Not one, not two.  Zen.  And..
" Have you heard of Upside Down Fruitcake?? (science fiction short story, pseudo totalitarian" psychiatric" "hospital" a young man, a worker there, with a grin on his face, talking to a young woman who worked there in the presence of me and an older woman.Roman empire never died.
( Science fiction short story)  " faggot " ( user of free stuff, free services, free transportation, chemicals that sometimes are torture, akisthesia, restless legs syndrome torture, two different " neuroleptics " ( leading to diabetes ??  Taking decades off one's life ??
Self education is a never ending journey, as it provokes self expression in countless positive ways, and promotes new amazing interactions with people, places and things through self transformational leadership that opens new doors.
Am I my brother's keeper ??  Or what about the kids starving to death in a nation near Saudi Arabia ?  What about homeless, hungry, jobless and in despair all around the world?? Or should we watch TV and spend money like zombies programmed to waste our resources and environment??
" The world is so full of a number of things, I'm sure we should all be as happy as kings. "
Obligations.  Duties.  Privileges.  Rights. These are important.  Study Law if you wish on your own; if someone else gives you a putdown, you don't have to agree with it; be 100 % honest but completely, fully GRACIOUS while also, gladhand the man from Spokane. * Radical Honesty *
I tend to be amused when someone assumes something.  " Not one, not two. "  Zen.
How many jokes, late at night and while smirking and making a play on words, is too many, about past and present leaders of North Korea ?  Is this what America is now, what we stand for, cynical jokes based on nothing real at all, a vacuum through smirking superior nothingness ?
What is the real purpose of the internet ?  Who profits ?  Who suffers ?  Which evils are permitted and why ?  Is there entrapment?  Is there a descent into atheistic hedonism similar to ancient cities like Sodom?  Some people perhaps rely on cynical jokes and foolish competition
There is a moment in The Lord of the Rings where Frodo is shown what will happen where he came from in the Shire if the One Ring is not destroyed:  Everyone will be in chains as slaves to evil agents of the Evil One, everyone being whipped mercilessly.
When someone for example on public transportation loudly asks a very personal set of questions of another person, one after another, on the one hand if I am being asked, and the other person is an immigrant, I try to be 100% honest, polite and gracious. But I am not a submissive
In World War 2 Hitler was the enemy,  killing vast numbers of people due to their ethnic / religious status.  Now in 2018 is it permitted or verboten to be 100 percent honest for example on Twitter or on public transportation?  When there seems to be hatred or " fagging out "
Is the antichrist coming to try to rule the world for a time before The Messiah comes to Earth ?  The mafia keeps increasing wealth, power, while youth have their minds and souls corrupted by what's on the internet, " pornography ", " hate ", " sadism ", crime, unbelief in God.
A burden was lifted from me, my mind, my soul when I decided to trust The Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ ( hopefully a bit more )  The Lord Jesus Christ is my Personal  Lord and Saviour.  I am not ashamed of the Gospel.  Jesus Saves.
The contempt with which I see behaviourism is related to so called " scientific  experiments  " such as the one in which a human ear and a mouse were joined, so that both were alive and connected directly.  With the poor, hungry, homeless and suffering people, some ignore God.
What is the purpose, one purpose, two purposes, or many purposes, of recording, on a public transportation vehicle, recording passengers visually, their conversation, if phone usage occurs, if contempt is given, if bus drivers exchange cynical jokes, an illusion, a pseudo testing
Is it morally acceptable, ethically acceptable in a society based on certain principles in the Founding Documents, as written by the Founders,--is it acceptable for a person to be treated with contempt, on a bus, on the internet,--due to historical privilege; is honesty punished?
What is the point of the three legal dictionaries I bought and applied to or looked up the term " insanity " ?  Be able, willing to " take care of your own business " and do it, do it 100 percent.  Don't be intimidated when others try to violate your rights.  Be honest &amp; direct.
Lets say on a public transportation vehicle in a society with signs prominently displaying " Everything spoken, all behaviour, etc. is being recorded.  If you see something out of the ordinary, report it. "  ( this could be in a science fiction short story )  One must be polite.
To me, in viewing behaviourism with contempt, it deserves contempt because it always assume human beings or societal governance are " the black box " and as such, scientific experiments can be made for control, to change output, change input.
Is it, in this 5 senses sense sensorium, a matter of behaviourism, of stimulus and a scientific experiment to see what kind of response is received from " the black box " ?  Behaviourism, as described by B. F. Skinner, really doesn't care what's inside the box.
Writing can be good.  We were " the good guys " in World War 2 and also when the Berlin Wall fell and the Soviet Union fell.  We all hung together and we stood for something, something important, a set of Values, Freedom, Democracy, Liberty, that we are all born Equal.
Art therapy is good.  Music therapy is very good, and learning to play music / improvise is very very good and easier than one would think.  Take the word " therapy " out of it.  There's creativity in each of us.
To be asked a series of questions, and to be answering those questions, immediately then another personal question comes, in this 5 senses sense sensorium, ultimately leading up to a mark or phrase of contempt, in Clay County MN is called " fagging someone out. "
In this 5 senses sense sensorium, it is possible sometimes to be asked a question.  I might be on the bus.  Or, in the past, with a " worker " the foundation of whose job was contempt.  One question follows another as I answer honestly, as I follow Radical Honesty by Brad Blanton
The world needs peanut farmers and all other good farmers, and nutritious paste can be made from peanuts for malnourished children. Grow on, and no one should be undernourished, and I hear the paste tastes really good as well as adding pounds !
N.  On the side:  ..  Z.  The first letter of the second half of the alphabet, yet ( this does not reflect negatively on anyone or anything )  peanut butter is something perhaps it is not good to eat, Z representing, like Zelazny, ultimate creative reality, free will ?  No.  Duty
Yes, in this 5 senses sense sensorium at least as I used to see things happening through the internet, --I was in church one time at the old location, before it moved, and an older woman shouted out. " NO SHAME ! "
I have seen, in person, people, younger people, with extremely skinny limbs, --sometimes of a particular skin colour but I hesitate to mention it due to the possibility that we in America do not allow truly free speech, that my Twitter account might be cancelled.  Equality ?
If we as a planet, through International Law, were to start someplace, perhaps we could start with Basic, Fundamental Human and Civil Rights that apply to everyone in the world, old or young, rich or poor, and people would not be homeless or hungry, refugees taken care of.
Do we want a world where human trafficking, pornography, the mafia and human rights violations are ever on the rise ?
A society based on insults.  Insult comedy.  A real ?  A cause to test for an effect in a thought criminal?  ( of course, a fictional sci fi dystopia, use of behaviourism to create or test effects through 5 senses phenomena, insults, to the main character. )
In my heart of hearts, I like to say I am a Christian Scientist.  There are other religious traditions I have an interest in.  I am a Partner with Kenneth Copeland Ministries.  Get the Good News.
Lifestyles exist.  Some go back to a certain person.  Choose wisely.  I call myself a Christian.  I try, in my own way, to follow The Lord Jesus Christ, The Only Begotten Son Of God, my Personal Lord and Saviour.  Don't follow the path of physical domination, pain.
Yes, there are many different " kinds " of lifestyles.  Yes, lifestyles exist.  In my view, the master or masters of the house, the apartment, had better get the bills paid, monthly, seasonally, when unexpected things happen, yearly.  This is the basis, the foundation.
What I meant to say in- previous  message was now you can see episodes of TV shows free on the internet.
It's a good thing sometimes to find a way to watch an entire episode of The Rockford Files.  Good people.  Not all cops;  not primarily focused on a cop as a main character.  Good sense of humour.  A sense of poverty of Rockford and his father, rather, he can do his job, is tough
Glue sticks.  In reality.  But figuratively, evil on the internet is the glue, the so called addiction, the problem in a society of loss of compassion, sadism, loss of a good story to watch.
Though we, individually, may sin, we may still ask for forgiveness from God through Christ and be saved.
RT @Forbes: https://t.co/5jAztRV04r
" Break this faggot. " Ideally, I would be in favour of a Democracy.  I still am.  No one can be broken.  A " faggot " does not exist as a noun.  And I am not attracted to men.  I am a man.  Still, hatred, ( ant poison, figuratively? ) ends Democracy.
( Science fiction short story ) apparent use of behaviourism in a pseudo totalitarian manner, in a 5 senses sense sensorium ( see Maya in Hinduism or the 5 senses / material world, matter in Christian Science ) -- once again, cynical use, expanded use of the term " faggot. "
( science fiction short story ) pseudo-totalitarianism.  Sadism celebrated prominently on the internet ( real images and videos or created out of nothing by computers ?  The internet as entrapment.  The unholy as gaining in power.  Psychiatry as leverage against free speech.
A computer, most intelligent Artificially Intelligent computer software system, has defeated the best human player in chess some time ago.  Now, people try to create robots.  A 3 dimensional game plus time like football would be a whole new league for AI.
For a long time, America's allies in the Middle East included Israel, Egypt, and Saudi Arabia.  I hope America does not abandon its ally Saudi Arabia.
We should have a worldwide free education movement / system available on the internet for people for all stages of life.  We need to take care of * everyone * and make sure * no one * is hungry, homeless, unschooled, subjected to hatred or discrimination.  Opportunities for all!!
For a time, I watched the X Files.  Also there is a book, Generation X, which is great.  That author also wrote other great novels.  However, I'm not always a fan of the cop shows on TV.
( science fiction short story)  Is it a good thing to watch self-prosecution??  For Generation X, the X Files UFO's, the Love between and child born to the two FBI agents, Scully and Mulder, does a perfected behaviourist Skinner system rule ?  There is a worship also of God.
Corruption is not part of Law.  Corruption has nothing to do with Justice.
What exactly is going on, on the internet, when apparently torture is happening, against the will of the person being tortured ??  Is there any Law by which national or international criminals can be brought to Justice ??
RT @_selenagomezecu: Fan: what's your favourite thing about Selena Gomez		Aleen: her heart, soul, kindness		❤️ Fan: cual es tu cosa favorit…
Are we as human beings, as a society, merely to accept " what is on the internet? "
It is ironic: that in a "democracy" like the USA (or at least, " representative democracy") there is not certain kinds of " free speech " on the internet, based on one's moral / religious beliefs..  rather, the intimidating effects of hate crime laws and potential loss of soapbox
Ultimately Tyler Perry movies are good movies, about friendship, about family, about going to church and being enthusiastic about praising God, about what it means to be a man, what it means to be a good human being.
Ultimately when you experience true pain, there is nothing good about it.  " What goes around, comes around. "
@_selenagomezecu https://t.co/4vPfLHU4G7
No one can be " broken. " Learn about Christian Science.  God exists.  " Draw near to God and He will draw near to you. "
However, a real woman is a real woman.  Here we start.  Here it starts.  A man, a woman, a family.
In other words, there are two sides to the coin.  I could say, if I were a very strict Catholic,  how awful.  We need to get that stuff off the internet  asap.  The other side is like the recognition, the acceptance that men like sex.  Everybody's different.  There is a reason.
In examining the sadism, cruelty, humiliation, mocking of traditional values in videos available for free on the internet, one way to look at it would be the way Japanese Samurai who lived by their own code, Bushido, also lived in a society with geishas and rope bondage.
Is it a double standard if two youths are treated as " slaves " ( by apparently kidnapping them by young women of a historically disadvantaged race ) and they are humiliated and made to cry over and over ? What is the reasoning in allowing free videos like this to be available ?
Is there a Law on this planet ?  Or do people make videos of whatever kind they wish, put them on the internet, and apparently the Law has no connection whatsoever to traditional values, family values, values and religious beliefs going back to the Mayflower Compact ?
In terms of actions, lifestyles, the use of language, uses of sexuality combined with humiliation on the internet, as well as sadism, masochism, " mastery " and " slave " lifestyles, as well as free and easily obtained videos, it seems that there is an agenda to degrade / destroy
Capitalism is what it is.  There is a need to survive both for individuals and corporations.  We also should respect the environment, rivers, forests, the ocean, clean air.  However, are we really educating the young in ideals they should have, going back to the Founding Fathers?
RT @_LoveLike_JESUS: .	   In the Bible there is NO	   Black or White Church,	                 JESUS	Did Not come to Save Skins…
The Buddha's philosophy recommends strongly " The Middle Way. "  Not too much, not too little.  This is a very good way to go.
Think about the huge, the vast amount of money pornography takes in.  Now in the USA, even abuse, " evil " porn is available for free for anyone of any age.  Is the mafia in charge of making this stuff ?  Corporations ?  Foreign governments ?  And if so, what about Jesus, ideals?
Sometimes one will see a person on the streets who simply is not making sense.  A homeless person ?  I do not believe that any human being can be " broken " as we are all God's perfect reflections, perfect creations, we are here to reflect all of God's positive qualities.
I think it's OK to eat food.  And yet..  in some towns, do police officers think they can do whatever they want ?  OK I'll try to be more quiet.
A universe.  A 5 senses universe.  Plus time.  Are there many universes, or just one ?  Many.  One. A Spectrum.  Within Limit, Octaves of Colour as an example, infra red to ultra violet-- birds, "the daughters of musick," see, perceive more deeply colours of flowers than we do.
There was a time when one insult would follow another, yet my " philosophy of life " would require me to keep a rule of silence.  Now I have given myself permission to be closer to " Radical Honesty " in my day to day dealings, conversations with people.
I have " gone around the corner. "  I am more than willing, indeed I am eager to talk with people with " Radical Honesty " ( see books by Brad Blanton ) about my beliefs.  I am a Christian, have studied and continue to study Christian Science, though I am officially a Lutheran.
Perhaps we all should speak more softly with each other, not sharp edged words.
Follow Jesus.
Buddhists / Hindus often believe in reincarnation.  An infinite series of lifetimes, reincarnations into the past.  The Buddha taught The Middle Path, between asceticism on one hand and vast seeking gold / women / lands / pleasure on the other.
Christians believe in following The Lord Jesus Christ, that after death, one will spend forever in Heaven with Jesus, with loved ones who have died.
The Four Elements.  Earth, Water, Air, Fire...  Did the Chinese system include Stone, Wood...  Sun, Moon.  Stars.  Nietzsche posited a man who could and did believe in Eternal Recurrence.  A Great Circle.  Again and again, to live the same exact life.  What would this mean ?
" Gotcha " ( science fiction short story title and/ or element of Story. )  And when riding the city bus to and from the Ground Transportation Center, The GTC, then over the bus radio comes...  A System consists of Input, Output, Data Processing and Feedback.  And the 5th Element
Yes.  It is an interesting question.  What is " integrity " ?  What are the basic, fundamental values that all Americans, young or old, new, naturalized, or born in the USA, should hold sacred ?
Beside the term " gimp " in Clay County, Minnesota, referring to people addicted to torturous drugs " prescribed " by a so called " doctor,  " another term used by so called " workers " is " faggot, " especially in " cases " where a man has no wife, no woman--no cynical "hookups"
In Clay County, Minnesota, it would seem ( lately, unless I am not perceiving correctly ) those who are, have been addicted to drugs by so called doctors ( for example, without which one cannot sleep and receives negative attention from-police ) --these people are called "gimps."
And some access to internet content should not be 100 percent accessible, open freely for all ages to see, to warp and destroy senses of Right and Wrong.
Ethics.  Morals.  Do we each have responsibility for our own ethics ?  Yes.  Unless it is just " law of the jungle. "  " Might makes right. " But no.  I believe what is on the internet, some of it is, as they say, " safe sane and consensual. " Some is perhaps entrapment.
(science fiction short story) Was it the case that the man and his friend at the back of the bus--as we headed to downtown Fargo, North Dakota--he asked me countless questions about my family, my past..Yet Facebook was hacked into and my phone number placed into a family friend's
What exactly is happening in America when a weeping woman is forced to eat dog food from a dog dish, a video offered on the internet for free ??  Perhaps we go to ancient Rome's corruption, tyranny, tribes overrunning the capital, then medieval times, working the land.
Are we called upon to " stand up against " evil ??  Even if a " lifestyle " is said to be " safe, sane and consensual, " there is no sane reason to provide ( even non consensual) material to any and all, even the youngest, eyes.  And degradation of women, men, marriage vows..
Pornography.  One of the biggest industries in California, by revenue.  One could say, if one is, for example, Catholic, that degradation involved is satanic.  Or if one is a humanist, it is against human dignity.  Media conveying ideas of slavery, sadomasochism. Self destruction
RT @paulthissen: On this day in 1980, the MN Supreme Court held that a jury could award punitive damages against city animal warden who kil…
Because I'm good enough, and I'm smart enough, and doggone it, people like me !  Al Franken, in his character's motivational, success Twelve Step group.
If you don't go for what you want, what is the point of Life ?
Were there truly, as the Bible says, in ages past, giants on this Earth?  How about trees that were 5 miles tall? Certainly, theories abound on the internet, and that is a good thing, regardless. However, be incredibly careful of asserting something that could be " evidence. "
Previous references to being a " runner " as in Logan's Run, Bladerunner, Lode Runner... In Pac Man you seem to be going through a maze like a mouse, like a rat, to try to stay alive, similar to Lode Runner.  The search for Sanctuary is to find the True Nature, Sun, Outside, Real
( Previous references to so called " psy cops " ( psy ops, what is that ?? ) , " hook operators, " ( as in Operators and Things by Barbara O'Brien ) , " Blade Runners " see the films, then Philip K. Dick's Story ( He was a Gnostic and was not afraid to express his beliefs. )
" There is nothing more important than feeding one's guest. "
I understand some computer chips run on images. How exactly, and why, do those work?  (Note to self, this is more of just a note to self. ) Image.  I, Mage.  Magician.  Poets, Priests and Politicians.  --Sting.  Lyrics.  Artists.  Psychology students.  1 2 1 2 this is just a test
If we fail to persuade Americans that religion / spirituality/ history / seeking Wisdom is important, we will not build a society based on Love, but we will punish in a lifelong way and in a satanic way those who, in their weakness, fall prey to the very traps set by the powerful
As The Roman Empire became more and more decadent, while Emperors could get away with anything, and democracy disappeared, while mores and sexuality became wild, while satan was seeking total control, until barbarian tribes sacked Rome, and the locals ate local food, worked- land
I am OK with 2 people being together.  It is not my business if they are both of the same race / ethnicity or not.  There was a Philosopher who simply stated, to summarize,  the Greatest Good is when each Citizen in the city minds his own business.
Some White people and African American people choose to be together. Some White people and White people choose to be together.  Some African American and African  American people choose to be together. I used to be a Libertarian and a libertarian. I am a Democrat.  democracy fan.
Are all crimes, crimes of theft ?  Can we add the elements of morality, spirituality ?  Sometimes on television one group, in protests, is portrayed as more saintly than another.  Heather Heyer died because of the mayhem/ anger / fury of a racist.  We truly need round table talks
If person X murders a Father and Husband, is this a crime ?  Yes.  Some have said all crimes are crimes of theft.  A Husband is taken from his Wife, a Father from his Children, a Citizen and Worker and Friend from his Community, Place of Work and Friends.
Pleasure ??  Even so, we must sustain and create on Right from wrong.  We are absolutely free to hold our own beliefs, regardless of what " seems " to be on the internet, who " seem " to be in power, the so called " Laws " governing so called thought crime, " hate speech. "
Ain' no law agin' it..
Ain' that just so ?
Better Love.  No sense in your left thumb hating your right thumb, or your right thumb hating your left thumb.  And it is utterly stupid to hate with sadism because what goes around, comes around.  Find a good Leader you can follow, or make up your own mind carefully and wisely.
What is the function of the internet, (there are many functions--  universal, global free education, so everyone can fulfill their full and potent, God given potential, as well as creating movements across borders to provide solutions to problems, a form of being a global human)
Yummy Yummy Yummy I've got Love in my Tummy ( either that or I've et a bit too much and I have a layer of fat just like ...  No worries. 24 / 7.  24 / 7.  I said, 24 / 7, you go Thar, you git you some food.  Good Afternoon !
We shouldn't have a society where you're either a "Winner" or a "loser" and if you're a "loser" then you have to be " homeless. "  I think, I believe, we have taken the concept of " winning and losing " too seriously, " sharing and hope, worthiness of all " not seriously enough.
People who pretend to be something called "psy cops" in Clay County, Minnesota (at least I have witnessed this twice) either don't pay for food at a restaurant (or so they loudly joked with the waitress in Dilworth, Minnesota) but end by saying, in a mocking tone, police numbers.
If a person were to buy something  in public at a store (something some people consider "expensive"), and, as a pedestrian, at night, go to another large store, become completely dissatisfied with the device and, while walking discards the device, is this worth police brutality?
If a person were to buy a car, own that car 100 percent, drive it into his / her garage, and take it apart to see how it works, would that be, should it be " legal ? "  It is his own property.  So I believe, no matter his reasoning, motivation, rationality, it's OK.
When 8 police officers, whether in Fargo, North Dakota, or Minneapolis, Minnesota gather around a person to beat him up -- perhaps inject that person into unconsciousness -- and blood comes out of one's mouth, because of assumptions based on the DSM 5, is it right ?
Television is better than internet sometimes because it presents a Story, ( a Feedback ?? ) in an unpredictable way.  Story that includes " common people " as heroes and worthy of laughing - with in Life are better.  Not just copshows.
The absence of a central Authority on the internet, which would be able to bring about Justice, protect the innocent, and set global Law--  allows a downgrading of mores, as well as permitting outright violations  of Law.
I believe abstinence is better than promiscuity, condoms, pills,  Sexually Transmitted Diseases.  Self respect, ultimately marriage, is better, with God's help, to raise a family.  Rather than hedonism based on satanism / despair / mockery.
Key over hook.  A Key enables you to feel better about yourself, for example, own a car with no debt on it, to believe in God, to pray to God, to not fear evil, to turn your life around to serve Jesus.  A hook, however, is insult perhaps prompting to move on and learn / become.
It all begins with Self Respect.  From Now, Every Moment until the Moment of Death.  Give to the Needy, Churches, Ministries and Charities.  Find a Home in your Heart for what you find in The Good Book, The Holy Bible.  I try to follow The Lord Jesus Christ.
If a person, often a man who sees a Social Worker, in Clay County, Minnesota, enters a little gas station, sometimes the word " gimp " is used between two adults as a put down, insult, with laughter, also implying he cannot make much money or attract a wife.
With " Judge Dredd " came a character who is, all in one person, " Judge, Jury and Executioner. "  The Framers of The Constitution hoped for a form of Justice that was fair, not autocratic, in one person.
What are " rights " within our legal system ?  What about fundamental civil and human rights ?  What are the limits of governmental power ?