@PramodK04288589 You are welcome sir it's nice meeting you....
@realDonaldTrump With a special leader like you so you deserve every good things of life....
Happy new month to all my followers, family and friends all over the world...
A Good Business Partner who will be like a family to me....
@Hussain44305626 مرحبا يا سيدي كيف حالك. كيف تكون عائلتك أتمنى أن يكون كل شيء على ما يرام هناك في بلدك شكرا لمتابعتي
@realDonaldFool @kanyewest @WhoopiGoldberg U still remain one of the best white president america have ever have.
@HStebut You're welcome.
@paul_ribb You are welcome keep winning victory is yours...
Do These 5 Things Immediately.	Invest At Least 10% Of Your Income In Yourself. ...	Invest At Least 80% Of Your “Off” Time Into Learning. ...	Don't Work For Money, Work To Learn. ...	Don't Learn For Entertainment, Learn To Create More Value. ...	Invest At Least 10% Of Your Income.
You can avoid this in your business ventures by taking your time and planning out all the necessary steps you need to achieve success.	Get Organized. ...	Keep Detailed Records. ...	Analyze Your Competition. ...	Understand the Risks and Rewards. ...	Be Creative. ...	Stay Focused..
How to Become a Self-Made Millionairewith No Money: The Habits	Be ruthless with your vision. ...	Ditch the non-believers. ...	Start building your online empire today. ...	Become a millionaire online. ...	Learn, learn, learn. ...	Stop doing the things that will never make you rich
Part 4 Taking Action in Your Life		Live an active and healthy lifestyle. Living your best life means being healthy and taking care of your body. ...		Make active decisions. Think about what you want in your life and go after it. ...		Be proactive. ...		Be willing to invest...
Your first step is to explore what it takes to formally “start” a business, and which of those items cost money.
You'll need to come up with a business plan and financial model, of course, but you can do this on your own, for free.	Business license. ...	A domain name. ...	A website. ...	Marketing. ...	Equipment. ...	Products.
Here are a few of the best low risk investment options, some that even let you earn a respectable return with almost no risk at all.	Peer-to-Peer Lending. ...	High Interest Savings Acounts. ...	Credit Card Rewards. ...	Certificate of Deposit. ...	Annuities. ...	Treasury..
Moving your money into accounts with higher yield can earn you hundreds more in a year.	Switch to a high-interest online savings account. Online banks have no branches, but they generally have lower fees and higher interest rates. ...	Look for a high-yield checking account. ...
@Jeff_Tumbarello you have a blessed weekend with your family too.
@Jeff_Tumbarello thank you very much
Below are six ways you can boost your small business sales even if you're working with a tight budget.	Talk to Your Current Customers. ...	Bundle Your Products and Services. ...	Ask for Referrals. ...	Have a Limited-Time Sale or Promotion. ...	Listen. ...	use online media....
The more money you invest sensibly into your business, the more likely it is that your company will grow.	Add yourself to the payroll and pay yourself regularly. ...	Take out 'reasonable compensation' ...	Consider the legal structure of your business. ...	Be tax efficient..
Noticing an employee just for the heck of it can really make their day and at the end of that day, your business better. We encourage you to celebrate your employees and customers “just because” with these simple messages everything will be perfectly ok...
With help from Hallmark Business Connections card line and other social and online communities, we’ve outlined some ideas for personal messages to help connect with those important people in your work world—your customers and employees.....
you're welcome...
A marketing strategy developed by a business to promote a product or service. A promotional message can come in many forms, such as a television or magazine advertisement, or a slogan on a product package....
I had to make my own living and my own opportunity! But I made it! Don’t sit down and wait for the opportunities to come. Get up and make them!...
Supportiveness. You and your business partners need to know deep down that you have each other's backs. ...		Gratifying. ...		Morale Boosting. ...		Integrity. ...		Passion. ...		Commitment....
Your first step is to explore what it takes to formally “start” a business, and which of those items cost money.		Planning. You'll need to come up with a business plan and financial model, of course..
While plans vary as much as businesses do, here's a summary of the  main sections of a business plan and what each should include.		Executive Summary. ...		Company Description. ...		Products and Services. ...		Market analysis: ...		Strategy and Implementation: ...	organisation.
I find this quote to be inspirational because it provides perspective: if you are significant in your arena, results will follow, whether it be sales, followers or whatever KPI you define to measure your personal success.		Trust your journey, invest in the end game.
Leadership Skills. To be successful in business, you need outstanding leadership skills. ...		Unafraid to Take Risks. ...		Competitive Spirit. ...		A Good Intellect. ...		Ability to Take the Initiative. ...		Solid Communication Skills. ...		Ambition. ...		A Reliable Nature.
As an entrepreneur, manager or leader, the thoughts you have each day matter. Thinking is where the process of launching your next busiess begins and your mind is where work through different scenarios before you invest time and money.
Business experts disagree on the precise meaning of the term motivation. However, in essence motivation is, about. "The will to work" Motivationcomes from the enjoyment of the work itself and/or from the desire to achieve certain goals e.g. earn more money or achieve promotion.
Top 10 Most Expensive Perfumes in the World https://t.co/iDYKhBJaXf
I think we are winning, I hope for more to come! https://t.co/dZmDPLg5Gk
https://t.co/ITzC18lmBe