Thinking about going to the gym burns between 0 and 0 calories. Let up up and get active🏋️‍♀️🏋️‍♂️🏆
The best project you can work on is YOU!
You are only one workout away from feeling good!
Slow progress is better than no progress.
When it comes to working out or eating healthy there is no "I'll start tomorrow"
Do you people like working out
People say that losing weight is no walk in the park. That's a problem.
RT @MotivatorMonday: Confidence is the key to success.	#mondaymotivation
RT @MotivatorMonday: Challenge of the day: 	Do things at your own pace. 	#mondaymotivation
RT @MotivatorMonday: Make the most out of every opportunity you get. 	#MondayMotivation
RT @MotivatorMonday: Challenge of the day:	Take a step forward and challenge yourself to do new things. 	#MondayMotivation
RT @MotivatorMonday: Don’t stop now, your goal is closer than you think! 	#MondayMotivation
RT @MotivatorMonday: Challenge of the day:	Don’t expect life to be easy, work hard for what you want.	#MondayMotivation
RT @MotivatorMonday: Challenge of the day:	 Keep a positive mindset. 	#MondayMotivation
Get out and do something today #MondayMotivaton
Exercise can be fun … and social! Those are even more benefits.
Keep these health benefits in mind when deciding whether or not to exercise. Exercise combats health conditions and diseases. Exercise improves mood. Exercise boosts energy. Exercise promotes better sleep. Exercise puts the spark back into your sex life.
Keep these health benefits in mind when deciding whether or not to exercise.
Disability. Running and aerobic exercise have been shown to postpone the development of disability in older adults.
Researchers have found that exercise is likely to reduce depression and anxiety and help you to better manage stress.
Self Esteem And Stress Management. Studies on the psychological effects of exercise have found that regular physical activity can improve your mood and the way you feel about yourself.
Osteoporosis. Regular weight-bearing exercise promotes bone formation and may prevent many forms of bone loss associated with aging.
Back Pain. By increasing muscle strength and endurance and improving flexibility and posture, regular exercise helps to prevent back pain.
When physical activity is combined with proper nutrition, it can help control weight and prevent obesity, a major risk factor for many diseases.
Obesity. Physical activity helps to reduce body fat by building or preserving muscle mass and improving the body's ability to use calories.
Noninsulin-Dependent Diabetes. By reducing body fat, physical activity can help to prevent and control this type of diabetes.
High Blood Pressure. Regular physical activity can reduce blood pressure in those with high blood pressure levels. Physical activity reduces body fat, which is associated with high blood pressure.
lipoprotein (LDL) levels (bad cholesterol), improving blood flow, and increasing your heart's working capacity. Optimizing each of these factors can provide additional benefits of decreasing the risk for Peripheral Vascular Disease.
Some health benefits are: Heart Disease and Stroke. Daily physical activity can help prevent heart disease and stroke by strengthening your heart muscle, lowering your blood pressure, raising your high-density lipoprotein (HDL) levels (good cholesterol) and lowering low-density
resilience to stress, or improved sleep. The purpose of this paper is to a) provide an updated view of this literature within the context of public health promotion and b) investigate evidence for physical activity and dietary interactions affecting mental well-being.
These have summarised the potential for exercise as a therapy for clinical or subclinical depression or anxiety, and the use of physical activity as a means of upgrading life quality through enhanced self-esteem, improved mood states, reduced state and trait anxiety,
There are now several hundred studies and over 30 narrative or meta-analytic reviews of research in this field.
However, there is a very high cost attributed to mental disorders and illness and in the last 15 years there has been increasing research into the role of exercise a) in the treatment of mental health, and b) in improving mental well-being in the general population.
The case for exercise and health has primarily been made on its impact on diseases such coronary heart disease, obesity and diabetes.
Hey guys it’s Ali a... I mean physical activity... today we need YOU to help us to get to our follower count! So smash that follow button and I’ll see you tomorrow.
A representative study presented in May at the American College of Sports Medicine, found that fourth-fifth-grade students who ran around and otherwise exercised vigorously for at least 10 minutes before a math test scored higher than children who had sat quietly before the exam.
Parents and exercise scientists (who, not infrequently, are the same people) have known for a long time that physical activity helps young people to settle and pay attention in school or at home, with salutary effects on academic performance.
Children who are physically fit absorb and retain new information more effectively than children who are out of shape, a new study finds, raising timely questions about the wisdom of slashing physical education programs at schools.
There appears to be a linear relation between physical activity and health status, such that a further increase in physical activity and fitness will lead to additional improvements in health status.
We also reveal that the current Health Canada physical activity guidelines are sufficient to elicit health benefits, especially in previously sedentary people.
We confirm that there is irrefutable evidence of the effectiveness of regular physical activity in the primary and secondary prevention of several chronic diseases and premature death.
The primary purpose of this narrative review was to evaluate the current literature and to provide further insight into the role physical inactivity plays in the development of chronic disease and premature death.
Physical inactivity is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease and a widening variety of other diseases,like diabetes, cancer, obesity, hypertension, bone and joint diseases, and depression.1–14 The prevalence of physical inactivity is higher than that of all other risk factors.
If you’re not sure about becoming active or boosting your level of physical activity because you’re afraid of getting hurt, the good news is that moderate-intensity aerobic activity, like brisk walking, is generally safe for most people.
Regular physical activity is one of the most important things you can do for your health.
Physical activity has also been shown to improve insulin sensitivity, which can keep blood sugar in a healthy range.
Replacing inactive fat stores with active lean muscle mass allows you to burn extra calories even when you’re watching TV or sleeping. Because muscle is more metabolically active, the more you have, the more you burn.
Physical activity has been shown to have a positive effect on digestion, it keeps metabolism from getting sluggish and it improves cardiovascular function, reducing the risk of heart disease. Exercise also helps you maintain your level of lean muscle mass.
Physical activity can help kids build strong bones control weight and reduce the chance of Heath conditions like heart disease cancer and osteoporosis. #keepactive
Let’s get physical