@Trinhnomics Not so simple supply and demand 🤔
RT @Governor_LePage: I’ve signed off on the CD2 election result as it’s no longer in federal court. Ranked Choice Voting didn’t result in a…
Hungry? Get $15 off your first #UberEats order when you use my code: eats-14u27. Download the app to order: https://t.co/dpTwr3DFTq
RT @INDOPACOM: At Exercise Keen Sword 19, 280 #JGSDF #paratroopers became the first in Japan to jump from a @USAirForce C-130J Super Hercul…
is optimistic that Republicans will hold on to every Senate seat that is up, including Nevada and Arizona, and gain North Dakota, Missouri, Florida, resulting in a 54-46 majority.
gained a whole new respect for the junior senator from &amp; former attorney general of Alaska. The state has two Republican senators, both represent the same constituency. The only difference is one is advocating for the right to legally murder the defenseless children in the wombs.
RT @ShannonBream: BREAKING:  Fox’s @johnrobertsFox obtains letter from Ford ex-boyfriend alleging:  dated for 6 yrs, never told of sex assa…
evidence standard. Then below that is the preponderance of the evidence standard. According to experienced sex crime prosecutor Rachel Mitchell’s report today, Dr. Ford’s case doesn’t even meet the preponderance of the evidence standard.
died year 13th in prison while serving his 25-year sentence. He was exonerated later posthumously. His criminal conviction had to satisfy the beyond a reasonable doubt standard. For those who aren’t lawyers, below the beyond a reasonable doubt standard is the clear and convincing
urges those who went into this with no partisan motive and an open mind and are ready to convict judge Kavanaugh to take a step back and reflect. Texas Tech student Tim Cole was convicted of rape after his fellow Texas Tech student Michelle Mallin identified him as her rapist. He
RT @SenateGOP: “I am so grateful to have had Brett Kavanaugh as a colleague. He was always supportive, and strong, and caring, and someone…
RT @realDonaldTrump: NBC News incorrectly reported (as usual) that I was limiting the FBI investigation of Judge Kavanaugh, and witnesses,…
RT @senorrinhatch: Dems: Dr Ford deserves a hearing!	Republicans: Let’s have a hearing!	D’s: Bullies! This hearing is a sham! 		D’s: We nee…
RT @senjudiciary: “The correspondence by Robert Carlson, President of the American Bar Association...was not received by the American Bar A…
RT @senorrinhatch: Today's hearing begins: 		☑️ 11 days after Dr. Ford's story was published in the Washington Post	☑️ 21 days after the cl…
RT @senorrinhatch: Valuable flashback from then Chairman Biden, presiding over Clarence Thomas's confirmation hearings, on the role of FBI…
RT @senorrinhatch: These official letters from the 4 named by Dr Ford—denying any knowledge of what Dr Ford has alleged— serve the same pur…
RT @senorrinhatch: Worth noting that this is exactly where we were on Monday morning— without agreeing to a date, time, and terms we are no…
RT @SenBobCorker: After learning of the allegation, Chairman @ChuckGrassley took immediate action to ensure both Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanau…
says let’s confirm judge Kavanaugh and let Mark Judge and his family resume their lives with peace. The time for any investigation was at least months if not years ago.
RT @senorrinhatch: The FBI does not do investigations like this. The responsibility falls to us. 		Chairman @ChuckGrassley has moved our co…