@IvankaTrump, Your father's rhetoric is not positive or helps. Not saying he personally asked for this type of evil to happen. But, with his rhetoric, divisiveness, and fear stoking most definitely, gave an open door for it to ride right on in. words matter and influences others
Amen! @IvankaTrump.They need to take this type of politics back to Russia. not here. I may not like the policies or ideas of a policial party, rather it be Rep. Dems. or Indep, but I damn sure don't want them hurt, killed, or threatened for it. I'm voting to change this today. https://t.co/JQOA8RN0yw
Lawmakers in the majority just ain't smart enough to humanely fix this or got the courage to even attempt to fix this fairly🤔Here is an idea DACA🤗! Here is another, you can go after the companies who illegally hire them cheating us out of help on paying into our IRS  tax system https://t.co/UkojA0RSi7
Stop voting out of your emotions stay focused and demand the truth so that you can make an honest well-informed decision when voting. We help our government run the country with our votes for the next step or direction for our country. Lies, misinformation or fear wont do it..
You may be scared of other people coming into your country but yet your school children are being murdered by its own citizens nothing is done about it. The fear stoker has distracted you from the money that powers him, with Build a wall..purposely Stoking fear is evil.
God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound mind. If you are voting out of fear, you are losing. You may help the fear stoker win an election but yet lose your healthcare. https://t.co/6gblUgDOOM
NOPE...not this time..He voted against Affordable Care Act or Obamacare..and voted to confirm a  accused judge with out  really investigating..gave the rich a tax break and forgot about the rest of us until he need our votes again..and those poor immigrant kids and women and WALL https://t.co/ONGxmvjUNw
Wait!! What? Ain't no damn way!!😱 Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner, that damn stupid to give U.S. intelligence to the Saudi for the murder of a U.S. resident or journalist. Were are these reports I haven't 👀n them or 👂of any reports like this..#IWantTheTruth please.. https://t.co/7PJRLrWuf7
You're a government employee. With the great healthcare benefits and great RX benefits. The rest of us American citizens are still paying the highest cost. PLEASE STOP TALKING ABOUT IT and FIX IT!! What bill have you come up with? I need to know before I vote in next elections.. https://t.co/rS2f1s8ppC
🤗Look at our men, our heroes in America, I'm so proud of you..We appreciate and love you too.. Thank you..Wow..my heart is filled with so much hope seeing this.. https://t.co/kUBX01SlSi
Thank you sir for standing with women and showing your love for us and the important things that concerns us..We appreciate you and all you are doing for us.. https://t.co/RcfzpKfYhQ
Good you feel that way. However, the majority of Americans who voted for congress needed to feel da same confidence in your decision, you missed the opportunity, with a limited FBI investigation to settle most of their doubts. You've created a Dark Cloud  and that's not good.. https://t.co/HFTJCxYiqf
Missed opportunity to show the women of America you were listening, that you do care and win them over with another conservative pick with no sexual assaults allegations or no partisan speech to our congress. Closed minded compromise got in da way of a positive message to women. https://t.co/LC6rNlldA0
@ChuckGrassley But was this the wiser battle? majority of women Republican, Democrat, Independent, and undecided women voters protested against this battle. You will need them in up coming elections. Pick your battles wisely stay on the winning side of the majority of voters to win elections..
@HouseGOP Good for ur Kavanaugh win, but could y'all please pick wiser battles that don't have majority of the Republican women, Democrat women, Independent women or undecided voters protesting against your plans or ideas. You will need them in up coming elections. Be the wiser..
Good for @BrettKavanaugh, but now worried for the Hose, Senate and Next Presidency.. because it wasn't just Democrat women protesting his promotion to Supreme Court, but Republican women and independent women as well, so hope your ego for a win now help you for future elections.. https://t.co/dzDL9tKmly
@HouseDemocrats I hope y'all are ready for the next election with some good policies, bills, ideas or plans that will address how sexual assaults are handled in our government &amp; businesses establishment..Talking with no action just want do. It seems the REP party ain't ready yet.
@HouseGOP Because you think he's a good man, Doesn't mean he's good for the highest court in America in this day and time.(Dark clouds carries storms) being honest President Trump's nominee on live TV at his hearing failed his job interview horribly with a angry partisan speech🤔
@realDonaldTrump President Trump, was this nominee about you or your 39% base. You will need more than 39% of votes to win the next election. You should have gave this one to the majority of Americans who didn't vote for you or opposing your nominee. Start winning them over NOW! Or get impeached.
@Sen_JoeManchin Fake and phony @Sen_JoeManchin Voted YES😤..they say the investigation revealed nothing new. So the so called skepticaism you had before the investigation is still there and u voted YES to a man whom you are skeptical about..That is unacceptable for the highest court..
No loyalty to any party. Vote for better America for all Americans. What's good, what's right, what's equal, what's fair, what moves us forward. Pay attention Americans during each election to the better course or principle of action proposed by our government, or each party.😇
@DonLemon_CNN Fake and phony @JeffFlake. Voted YES😤..they say the investigation revealed nothing new. So the so called skepticaism you had before the investigation is still there and u voted YES to a man whom you are skeptical about..That is unacceptable for the highest court..
@ChrisCuomo Fake and phony @JeffFlake. Voted YES😤..they say the investigation revealed nothing new. So the so called skepticaism you had before the investigation is still there and u voted YES to a man whom you are skeptical about..That is unacceptable for the highest court..
@thehill @maddow Fake and phony @JeffFlake. Voted YES😤..they say the investigation revealed nothing new. So the so called skepticaism you had before the investigation is still there and u voted YES to a man whom you are skeptical about..That is unacceptable for the highest court..
@SenatorCollins Fake and phony @SenatorCollins Voted YES😤..they say the investigation revealed nothing new. So the so called skepticaism you had before the investigation is still there and u voted YES to a man whom you are skeptical about..That is unacceptable for the highest court..
@JeffFlake Fake and phony @JeffFlake. Voted YES😤..they say the investigation revealed nothing new. So the so called skepticaism you had before the investigation is still there and u voted YES to a man whom you are skeptical about..That is unacceptable for the highest court..