we will soon have a relaunch for the 116th edition of the shitwad council
ron johnson eat my ass you cheeseslapper
jeff flake if only you could make another spectacle where you eat my ass (more will be done this way than in your entire career)
cory gardner you got nice big ass eatin lips
dana rohrabacher saw Get Out and thought: damn where can i get one of em
update: pete olson announces retirement after having to read for the first time
mark amodei confirmed by the senate as secretary of ass eating
please donate $0 to the reelection campaign of fucknut tom rooney
john delaney is worthless scum
update: member of congress charged for being a fuckin pimple. yes of course it's mike simpson
barry loudermilk stop licking boots my ass tastes better
in the case dubbed "pizzagate", mike kelly's basement was found full of empty domino pizza's boxes and those white plastic thingies
nita m. lowey did not have sexual relations with that woman
ben sasse agrees with everything said on this account
in a fitting move, gwen moore votes to make the virgin islands a state
carol shea-porter confirmed by the senate as secretary of shit
sam johnson campaigned with charlie kirk
you never heard jared polis talking, that was just farts
chris stewart is cancelled
meanwhile in earl blumenauer's brain: i love being useless as shit
yeet ken buck through the senate floor
darin m. lahood stole inkjets from the congressional printer
trump's keeping you distracted while patrick j. toomey looks at your ass crack
john ratcliffe is a whiny bitch
a. donald mceachin graduated with honors from the shitwad university
here's a joke: kevin mccarthy
adrian smith: the bot..... it's saying mean things to me
as stupid as borders are, we need a wall to yeet debbie lesko against
breaking: ted cruz found buying penis enlargers
*extremely michael mccaul voice* SNIFF
*amazon employees forced to piss on bottles* dina titus: ya that's the fuckin stuff let's do that
let's replace barbara lee with donald glover
frank a. lobiondo is henry kissinger in a flesh suit
patrick t. mchenry eat my ass, raw
gus bilirakis is a virgin
brian fitzpatrick is on the senate floor now step on em
rand paul is a massive sellout
"brad wenstrup's mouth is seen salivating"* dick (cheney) tho
i caught jaime herrera beutler's dog pissing on my lawn
luke messer is a nugget
jackie speier is funded by mcdonalds
carlos curbelo show us all your ass eating act
susan brooks gets drunk with bud light
everyone vote against thom tillis so we can replace them with someone worse
introducing a bill for the abolition of cedric richmond
venomous snake pete olson
bill foster is funded by the shitwad university
mike bishop graduated with honors from trump university
jim costa came to my office crying for me to delete a mean comment
john conyers is a preexisting condition
trey hollingsworth found fixing wikipedia to make it clear they do not, in fact, eat boogers
bill shuster loves minion memes
ted deutch is a rotten pancake
doug lamborn debates middle schoolers only because anything else is hard
luis v. gutiérrez confirmed by the senate as secretary of boot licking
breaking news: christopher h. smith helped pass something so there's a 100% chance it fucks you over
*sounds of peter roskam falling asleep*
*wheezing out a fart* jack bergman: "reelect me"
beto o'rourke dunks their bible on milk
tom marino confirmed by the senate as secretary of dick sucking
poisonous snake jim costa
john ratcliffe eats at arby's
andy harris did not watch space jam
while michael cloud was too busy being a national embarrassment, congress raised the defense budget again
salud carbajal eat my ass
mike simpson is amazing at eating ass cause that's where their brain's at
the heritage foundation, true to name, endorse dinosaur jared polis for reelection
raúl labrador stalks the 538 forecast, knowing they are doomed, holding hope that they'll keep office so they can fuck over more poor people
ron johnson get on that ass lickin
paul gosar voted for a war on deez nuts
alcee l. hastings eat my fucking ass
greg walden how do these boots taste you scum
abolish ice? more like abolish brad sherman
bob gibbs cancelled despacito 2
john boozman is not even real tbh
derek kilmer can't stop thinking about that lobbyist dick
now with 100% more jim banks
kristi noem is very likely a traitor
steny h. hoyer is gay for chuck grassley
lisa murkowski stole your money and bought a mint-condition dreamcast with it
nita m. lowey voted to take down this bot
tom marino is a fuckin thot
update: g. k. butterfield states there were not enough nazis in charlottesville
what the hell was steve womack thinking
bill pascrell was eaten by ted cruz, mistaken for a booger
*a look inside bill nelson's head'* this bitch empty tf
actual cannibal john carter
bill pascrell is a massive hoe
david perdue is scared of debates
justim amash more like justin amish
update: bill keating announces retirement after having to read for the first time
kristi noem is not even real tbh
michael bennet voted to take down this bot
john culberson is gay for chuck grassley
meanwhile in roger wicker's brain: i love being useless as shit
*sounds of ted poe falling asleep*
breaking news: scott desjarlais helped pass something so there's a 100% chance it fucks you over
please donate $0 to the reelection campaign of fucknut vicente gonzalez
jason chaffetz is henry kissinger in a flesh suit
yeet mario diaz-balart through the senate floor
robert c. scott agrees with everything said on this account
darrell issa confirmed by the senate as secretary of dick sucking
michael mccaul stalks the 538 forecast, knowing they are doomed, holding hope that they'll keep office so they can fuck over more poor people
tim walz came to my office crying for me to delete a mean comment
mike pompeo debates middle schoolers only because anything else is hard
what the hell was jim bridenstine thinking
everyone vote against clay higgins so we can replace them with someone worse
*wheezing out a fart* c.a. dutch ruppersberger: "reelect me"
venomous snake gregorio kilili camacho sablan
i caught roger marshall's dog pissing on my lawn
oh wait lmao https://t.co/f6ckpOeE0r
john mccain eats at arby's
while jack bergman was too busy being a national embarrassment, congress raised the defense budget again
actual cannibal robert w. goodlatte
catherine cortez masto is a rotten pancake
robert a. brady stole your money and bought a mint-condition dreamcast with it
ralph norman did not watch space jam
pat tiberi is a whiny bitch
tina smith did not have sexual relations with that woman
john lewis is funded by the shitwad university
update: member of congress charged for being a fuckin pimple. yes of course it's scott tipton
update: scott peters states there were not enough nazis in charlottesville
"bradley byrne's mouth is seen salivating"* dick (cheney) tho
jim mcgovern was eaten by ted cruz, mistaken for a booger
scott peters cancelled despacito 2
elijah e. cummings is scared of debates
colleen hanabusa stole inkjets from the congressional printer
jacky rosen how do these boots taste you scum
roger wicker is cancelled
in a fitting move, patrick j. toomey votes to make the virgin islands a state
donald m. payne graduated with honors from the shitwad university
as stupid as borders are, we need a wall to yeet beto o'rourke against
you never heard dina titus talking, that was just farts
fred upton is very likely a traitor
dina titus is amazing at eating ass cause that's where their brain's at
*amazon employees forced to piss on bottles* larry bucshon: ya that's the fuckin stuff let's do that
nita m. lowey is worthless scum
michael e. capuano is a massive hoe
ron johnson is a nugget
paul tonko eat my fucking ass
ted yoho get on that ass lickin
the heritage foundation, true to name, endorse dinosaur darrell issa for reelection
david mckinley is funded by mcdonalds
trump's keeping you distracted while jamie raskin looks at your ass crack
ralph norman can't stop thinking about that lobbyist dick
louie gohmert eat my ass, raw
peter j. visclosky is a massive sellout
marcia l. fudge show us all your ass eating act
now with 100% more chris stewart
cory gardner is a virgin
diane black confirmed by the senate as secretary of boot licking
jan schakowsky campaigned with charlie kirk
abolish ice? more like abolish benjamin l. cardin
introducing a bill for the abolition of michael cloud
conor lamb is a preexisting condition
gus bilirakis eat my ass
carolyn b. maloney gets drunk with bud light
john hoeven found fixing wikipedia to make it clear they do not, in fact, eat boogers
bill shuster stop licking boots my ass tastes better
*a look inside marcia l. fudge's head'* this bitch empty tf
here's a joke: xavier becerra
edward royce dunks their bible on milk
let's replace dana rohrabacher with donald glover
kamala harris confirmed by the senate as secretary of shit
bruce poliquin loves minion memes
*extremely anna g. eshoo voice* SNIFF
patrick t. mchenry is on the senate floor now step on em
joyce beatty confirmed by the senate as secretary of ass eating
poisonous snake bernard sanders
albio sires saw Get Out and thought: damn where can i get one of em
tom udall is a fuckin thot
trent kelly: the bot..... it's saying mean things to me
breaking: john delaney found buying penis enlargers
in the case dubbed "pizzagate", duncan d. hunter's basement was found full of empty domino pizza's boxes and those white plastic thingies
luke messer is a lil bitch
sam johnson voted for a war on deez nuts
kenny marchant graduated with honors from trump university
eddie bernice johnson was eaten by ted cruz, mistaken for a booger
edward royce is a virgin
michael mccaul is funded by the shitwad university
gerald e. connolly confirmed by the senate as secretary of shit
what the hell was john barrasso thinking
tony cárdenas dunks their bible on milk
chris collins is a fuckin thot
john cornyn stalks the 538 forecast, knowing they are doomed, holding hope that they'll keep office so they can fuck over more poor people
lee zeldin cancelled despacito 2
the heritage foundation, true to name, endorse dinosaur mark sanford for reelection
jason chaffetz is a massive hoe
doug collins is a massive sellout
susan collins get on that ass lickin
john thune found fixing wikipedia to make it clear they do not, in fact, eat boogers
marcy kaptur agrees with everything said on this account
as stupid as borders are, we need a wall to yeet tammy duckworth against
rick crawford is amazing at eating ass cause that's where their brain's at
breaking: debbie dingell found buying penis enlargers
michael d. crapo is a preexisting condition
doug lamborn confirmed by the senate as secretary of ass eating
"ralph norman's mouth is seen salivating"* dick (cheney) tho
yeet sander m. levin through the senate floor
introducing a bill for the abolition of trey hollingsworth
richard c. shelby stop licking boots my ass tastes better
*extremely ryan costello voice* SNIFF
update: brett guthrie announces retirement after having to read for the first time
bill shuster stole inkjets from the congressional printer
everyone vote against brian babin so we can replace them with someone worse
catherine cortez masto voted to take down this bot
adam b. schiff is a nugget
i caught jim renacci's dog pissing on my lawn
thomas r. carper eats at arby's
garret graves campaigned with charlie kirk
update: sean duffy states there were not enough nazis in charlottesville
let's replace patrick j. leahy with donald glover
ken calvert is gay for chuck grassley
cory booker loves minion memes
now with 100% more grace f. napolitano
in a fitting move, evan jenkins votes to make the virgin islands a state
albio sires graduated with honors from trump university
*wheezing out a fart* mike quigley: "reelect me"
william lacy clay came to my office crying for me to delete a mean comment
here's a joke: john j. duncan
venomous snake lamar smith
mark desaulnier is a whiny bitch
jerry mcnerney is worthless scum
john garamendi debates middle schoolers only because anything else is hard
blake farenthold eat my ass
in the case dubbed "pizzagate", doris matsui's basement was found full of empty domino pizza's boxes and those white plastic thingies
scott taylor gets drunk with bud light
jim cooper show us all your ass eating act
poisonous snake sam johnson
you never heard raja krishnamoorthi talking, that was just farts
gene green is very likely a traitor
collin c. peterson stole your money and bought a mint-condition dreamcast with it
trump's keeping you distracted while randy weber looks at your ass crack
*sounds of david valadao falling asleep*
actual cannibal tim murphy
jimmy gomez is a lil bitch
scott tipton graduated with honors from the shitwad university
harold rogers: the bot..... it's saying mean things to me
nita m. lowey is henry kissinger in a flesh suit
david young did not watch space jam
jacky rosen is on the senate floor now step on em
margaret hassan did not have sexual relations with that woman
please donate $0 to the reelection campaign of fucknut doug jones
meanwhile in bill foster's brain: i love being useless as shit
michael d. crapo voted for a war on deez nuts
martin heinrich is a rotten pancake
mark desaulnier can't stop thinking about that lobbyist dick
thomas garrett is funded by mcdonalds
roger wicker is scared of debates
update: member of congress charged for being a fuckin pimple. yes of course it's rand paul
marcia l. fudge eat my fucking ass
ralph abraham eat my ass, raw
i'm not even going to insult mcconnell. his very existance is an insult
*a look inside roy blunt's head'* this bitch empty tf
while darin m. lahood was too busy being a national embarrassment, congress raised the defense budget again
*amazon employees forced to piss on bottles* patrick j. leahy: ya that's the fuckin stuff let's do that
kristi noem how do these boots taste you scum
cheri bustos confirmed by the senate as secretary of dick sucking
trent franks is cancelled
don bacon confirmed by the senate as secretary of boot licking
daniel lipinski is not even real tbh
breaking news: raja krishnamoorthi helped pass something so there's a 100% chance it fucks you over
abolish ice? more like abolish michael bennet
ron wyden saw Get Out and thought: damn where can i get one of em
BEAUTIFUL TED
jenniffer gonzález-colón can't fuckin wear makeup
i caught mike rounds's dog pissing on my lawn
anna g. eshoo is a massive sellout
ken calvert is a nugget
jason lewis came to my office crying for me to delete a mean comment
actual cannibal peter j. visclosky
darren soto is not even real tbh
joseph crowley eat my ass
ryan costello is amazing at eating ass cause that's where their brain's at
abolish ice? more like abolish charlie crist
brendan boyle found fixing wikipedia to make it clear they do not, in fact, eat boogers
*sounds of yvette d. clarke falling asleep*
eliot l. engel confirmed by the senate as secretary of shit
*amazon employees forced to piss on bottles* buddy carter: ya that's the fuckin stuff let's do that
troy balderson stalks the 538 forecast, knowing they are doomed, holding hope that they'll keep office so they can fuck over more poor people
martin heinrich confirmed by the senate as secretary of ass eating
meanwhile in diana degette's brain: i love being useless as shit
tim walberg eat my ass, raw
mike quigley agrees with everything said on this account
al franken gets drunk with bud light
lee zeldin stole inkjets from the congressional printer
trent kelly is a whiny bitch
john thune voted for a war on deez nuts
please donate $0 to the reelection campaign of fucknut shelley moore capito
marsha blackburn saw Get Out and thought: damn where can i get one of em
neal dunn stole your money and bought a mint-condition dreamcast with it
pete aguilar is very likely a traitor
henry cuellar did not watch space jam
al green is worthless scum
in a fitting move, doug jones votes to make the virgin islands a state
breaking news: danny k. davis helped pass something so there's a 100% chance it fucks you over
"dean heller's mouth is seen salivating"* dick (cheney) tho
grace f. napolitano is on the senate floor now step on em
bonnie watson coleman dunks their bible on milk
introducing a bill for the abolition of joni ernst
the heritage foundation, true to name, endorse dinosaur gene green for reelection
update: jeffrey denham states there were not enough nazis in charlottesville
now with 100% more margaret hassan
in the case dubbed "pizzagate", carlos curbelo's basement was found full of empty domino pizza's boxes and those white plastic thingies
poisonous snake jason chaffetz
duncan d. hunter is a lil bitch
*wheezing out a fart* robert c. scott: "reelect me"
*extremely dina titus voice* SNIFF
lloyd doggett is a preexisting condition
here's a joke: david e. price
f. james sensenbrenner is a virgin
everyone vote against steve daines so we can replace them with someone worse
glenn thompson how do these boots taste you scum
you never heard daniel lipinski talking, that was just farts
what the hell was rob woodall thinking
todd young is gay for chuck grassley
mark sanford did not have sexual relations with that woman
scott peters confirmed by the senate as secretary of boot licking
breaking: gene green found buying penis enlargers
adam kinzinger eat my fucking ass
mike lee eats at arby's
dan newhouse is cancelled
michael mccaul: the bot..... it's saying mean things to me
jodey arrington cancelled despacito 2
while brian babin was too busy being a national embarrassment, congress raised the defense budget again
venomous snake amy klobuchar
trump's keeping you distracted while walter b. jones looks at your ass crack
cheri bustos stop licking boots my ass tastes better
julia brownley can't stop thinking about that lobbyist dick
pete aguilar voted to take down this bot
john rutherford get on that ass lickin
john shimkus loves minion memes
yeet pat meehan through the senate floor
brad sherman is funded by the shitwad university
update: member of congress charged for being a fuckin pimple. yes of course it's collin c. peterson
niki tsongas confirmed by the senate as secretary of dick sucking
as stupid as borders are, we need a wall to yeet lamar smith against
let's replace maxine waters with donald glover
darin m. lahood is a massive hoe
mike kelly graduated with honors from trump university
*a look inside will hurd's head'* this bitch empty tf
c.a. dutch ruppersberger show us all your ass eating act
amata coleman radewagen debates middle schoolers only because anything else is hard
lloyd doggett is funded by mcdonalds
update: jacky rosen announces retirement after having to read for the first time
markwayne mullin is scared of debates
jenniffer gonzález-colón was eaten by ted cruz, mistaken for a booger
sheila jackson lee is henry kissinger in a flesh suit
collin c. peterson graduated with honors from the shitwad university
thad cochran campaigned with charlie kirk
xavier becerra is a rotten pancake
c.a. dutch ruppersberger is a fuckin thot
kevin mccarthy did not have sexual relations with that woman
breaking: lisa murkowski found buying penis enlargers
raúl m. grijalva confirmed by the senate as secretary of ass eating
salud carbajal was eaten by ted cruz, mistaken for a booger
jan schakowsky eat my fucking ass
joe courtney eat my ass, raw
claire mccaskill is scared of debates
juan vargas confirmed by the senate as secretary of dick sucking
update: al franken states there were not enough nazis in charlottesville
ron desantis eat my ass
venomous snake brenda lawrence
meanwhile in tim kaine's brain: i love being useless as shit
dennis ross is gay for chuck grassley
in the case dubbed "pizzagate", james lankford's basement was found full of empty domino pizza's boxes and those white plastic thingies
joni ernst is a massive sellout
marcy kaptur get on that ass lickin
let's replace john b. larson with donald glover
i caught dwight evans's dog pissing on my lawn
tom rice is a preexisting condition
"jim bridenstine's mouth is seen salivating"* dick (cheney) tho
*a look inside raúl m. grijalva's head'* this bitch empty tf
while steve womack was too busy being a national embarrassment, congress raised the defense budget again
charlie crist did not watch space jam
brian mast is amazing at eating ass cause that's where their brain's at
michael bennet stole your money and bought a mint-condition dreamcast with it
the heritage foundation, true to name, endorse dinosaur nancy pelosi for reelection
yeet rick larsen through the senate floor
please donate $0 to the reelection campaign of fucknut gregory w. meeks
susan brooks is very likely a traitor
ro khanna found fixing wikipedia to make it clear they do not, in fact, eat boogers
cory booker stop licking boots my ass tastes better
scott tipton is cancelled
update: member of congress charged for being a fuckin pimple. yes of course it's john mccain
todd rokita is on the senate floor now step on em
raja krishnamoorthi dunks their bible on milk
bob gibbs confirmed by the senate as secretary of shit
introducing a bill for the abolition of michelle lujan grisham
john delaney is funded by mcdonalds
john j. duncan came to my office crying for me to delete a mean comment
david schweikert is not even real tbh
filemon vela saw Get Out and thought: damn where can i get one of em
you never heard ben ray luján talking, that was just farts
gwen moore can't fuckin wear makeup
now with 100% more keith ellison
*amazon employees forced to piss on bottles* alcee l. hastings: ya that's the fuckin stuff let's do that
vicky hartzler gets drunk with bud light
ileana ros-lehtinen confirmed by the senate as secretary of boot licking
what the hell was andré carson thinking
susan collins is henry kissinger in a flesh suit
jimmy gomez is a fuckin thot
breaking news: cindy hyde-smith helped pass something so there's a 100% chance it fucks you over
suzan k. delbene show us all your ass eating act
buddy carter eats at arby's
cory gardner you got nice big ass eatin lips
luis v. gutiérrez is a nugget
abolish ice? more like abolish robert j. wittman
everyone vote against troy balderson so we can replace them with someone worse
trump's keeping you distracted while norma torres looks at your ass crack
dean heller can't stop thinking about that lobbyist dick
peter t. king stalks the 538 forecast, knowing they are doomed, holding hope that they'll keep office so they can fuck over more poor people
mia love voted to take down this bot
patrick j. leahy graduated with honors from the shitwad university
jaime herrera beutler stole inkjets from the congressional printer
bill pascrell is a virgin
*sounds of john kennedy falling asleep*
update: bruce westerman announces retirement after having to read for the first time
steve knight voted for a war on deez nuts
poisonous snake tom reed
here's a joke: todd rokita
gary palmer is a lil bitch
salud carbajal agrees with everything said on this account
tom reed is worthless scum
margaret hassan debates middle schoolers only because anything else is hard
in a fitting move, adam smith votes to make the virgin islands a state
actual cannibal devin nunes
michael cloud is funded by the shitwad university
*wheezing out a fart* mark meadows: "reelect me"
michael e. capuano is a massive hoe
richard blumenthal how do these boots taste you scum
*extremely kay granger voice* SNIFF
nancy pelosi: the bot..... it's saying mean things to me
steve scalise is a rotten pancake
nancy pelosi loves minion memes
as stupid as borders are, we need a wall to yeet lloyd smucker against
scott taylor graduated with honors from trump university
bruce poliquin cancelled despacito 2
jim banks campaigned with charlie kirk
i'll stop tweeting when these shit pimples stop proving me right https://t.co/GnnnHwJsE7
roger williams stop licking boots my ass tastes better
in a fitting move, ann mclane kuster votes to make the virgin islands a state
richard hudson eats at arby's
sean patrick maloney eat my ass
john j. duncan is amazing at eating ass cause that's where their brain's at
update: pete olson states there were not enough nazis in charlottesville
jim banks came to my office crying for me to delete a mean comment
in the case dubbed "pizzagate", c.a. dutch ruppersberger's basement was found full of empty domino pizza's boxes and those white plastic thingies
please donate $0 to the reelection campaign of fucknut raúl m. grijalva
sherrod brown did not have sexual relations with that woman
breaking: gus bilirakis found buying penis enlargers
abolish ice? more like abolish jason smith
buddy carter how do these boots taste you scum
pat meehan stole inkjets from the congressional printer
venomous snake steven j. chabot
erik paulsen found fixing wikipedia to make it clear they do not, in fact, eat boogers
here's a joke: colleen hanabusa
luis v. gutiérrez dunks their bible on milk
steve russell is a massive sellout
donald w. norcross campaigned with charlie kirk
charlie dent was eaten by ted cruz, mistaken for a booger
christopher a. coons is a massive hoe
tony cárdenas gets drunk with bud light
now with 100% more robin kelly
eddie bernice johnson is funded by the shitwad university
chris stewart can't stop thinking about that lobbyist dick
let's replace ted lieu with donald glover
update: member of congress charged for being a fuckin pimple. yes of course it's kathleen rice
rand paul is a nugget
edward royce stalks the 538 forecast, knowing they are doomed, holding hope that they'll keep office so they can fuck over more poor people
ron kind is henry kissinger in a flesh suit
bill pascrell is scared of debates
pete sessions is cancelled
john barrasso is not even real tbh
update: michael cloud announces retirement after having to read for the first time
rod blum is a rotten pancake
rod blum graduated with honors from the spineless university
debbie wasserman schultz loves minion memes
*amazon employees forced to piss on bottles* jason smith: ya that's the fuckin stuff let's do that
a. drew ferguson show us all your ass eating act
trump's keeping you distracted while jim mcgovern looks at your ass crack
james lankford is a lil bitch
robin kelly stole your money and bought a mint-condition dreamcast with it
frank pallone agrees with everything said on this account
jim jordan did not watch space jam
charles e. schumer found fixing wikipedia to make it clear they do not, in fact, eat boogers
daniel m. donovan stop licking boots my ass tastes better
here's a joke: alcee l. hastings
ron johnson graduated with honors from the spineless university
mike gallagher did not watch space jam
*amazon employees forced to piss on bottles* jackie walorski: ya that's the fuckin stuff let's do that
paul d. ryan is very likely a traitor
update: member of congress charged for being a fuckin pimple. yes of course it's hank johnson
kyrsten sinema stalks the 538 forecast, knowing they are doomed, holding hope that they'll keep office so they can fuck over more poor people
gus bilirakis is scared of debates
what the hell was edward royce thinking
alcee l. hastings came to my office crying for me to delete a mean comment
brendan boyle did not have sexual relations with that woman
everyone vote against eddie bernice johnson so we can replace them with someone worse
tom emmer was eaten by ted cruz, mistaken for a booger
if only we had roe v. wade before you were born https://t.co/9CajSGBr9R
yeet elizabeth warren through the senate floor
i caught daniel webster's dog pissing on my lawn
sanford d. bishop is a virgin
grace f. napolitano is on the senate floor now step on em
cedric richmond eats at arby's
update: pat tiberi announces retirement after having to read for the first time
blake farenthold is a nugget
robert menendez is henry kissinger in a flesh suit
abolish ice? more like abolish kay granger
let's replace john hoeven with donald glover
nancy pelosi why are you so goddamn worthless just retire already
tim scott can't stop thinking about that lobbyist dick
breaking news: trent kelly helped pass something so there's a 100% chance it fucks you over
benjamin l. cardin debates middle schoolers only because anything else is hard
david mckinley eat my ass, raw
rod blum agrees with everything said on this account
*extremely frank d. lucas voice* SNIFF
lloyd smucker is funded by the shitwad university
please donate $0 to the reelection campaign of fucknut joseph crowley
in the case dubbed "pizzagate", marcy kaptur's basement was found full of empty domino pizza's boxes and those white plastic thingies
todd rokita eat my fucking ass
*a look inside john kennedy's head'* this bitch empty tf
actual cannibal richard e. neal
trump's keeping you distracted while harold rogers looks at your ass crack
ron kind cancelled despacito 2
bennie thompson dunks their bible on milk
martin heinrich is cancelled
matt cartwright loves minion memes
keith rothfus is a massive hoe
gerald e. connolly saw Get Out and thought: damn where can i get one of em
maxine waters voted to take down this bot
mario diaz-balart stole inkjets from the congressional printer
neal dunn is amazing at eating ass cause that's where their brain's at
congress is a pre-existing condition
the heritage foundation, true to name, endorse dinosaur sam graves for reelection
lou barletta is a rotten pancake
grace f. napolitano campaigned with charlie kirk
while trey gowdy was too busy being a national embarrassment, congress raised the defense budget again
linda t. sánchez is a massive sellout
john shimkus stole your money and bought a mint-condition dreamcast with it
in a fitting move, chuck fleischmann votes to make the virgin islands a state
shelley moore capito is not even real tbh
martha roby can't fuckin wear makeup
venomous snake tom emmer
bennie thompson how do these boots taste you scum
steve pearce is a fuckin thot
meanwhile in louise m. slaughter's brain: i love being useless as shit
steve knight show us all your ass eating act
blaine luetkemeyer is a lil bitch
breaking: andy harris found buying penis enlargers
charlie crist gets drunk with bud light
RT @nononoagh: @congresshatred there, now stop repeating jokes
now with 100% more jan schakowsky
update: mazie k. hirono states there were not enough nazis in charlottesville
while ted poe was too busy being a national embarrassment, congress raised the defense budget again
*extremely jeff merkley voice* SNIFF
in the case dubbed "pizzagate", kurt schrader's basement was found full of empty domino pizza's boxes and those white plastic thingies
cathy mcmorris rodgers cancelled despacito 2
rob bishop stole inkjets from the congressional printer
in the case dubbed "pizzagate", adam kinzinger's basement was found full of empty domino pizza's boxes and those white plastic thingies
james comer stole your money and bought a mint-condition dreamcast with it
venomous snake juan vargas
ann mclane kuster stole your money and bought a mint-condition dreamcast with it
breaking news: pat roberts helped pass something so there's a 100% chance it fucks you over
pete aguilar is a rotten pancake
now with 100% more ted budd
christopher h. smith is gay for chuck grassley
randy weber is a fuckin thot
matt gaetz campaigned with charlie kirk
kay granger eat my ass, raw
derek kilmer is a virgin
vicente gonzalez eat my fucking ass
trump's keeping you distracted while jared huffman looks at your ass crack
RT @nononoagh: gonna make it so the bot stops repeating so much phrases, there are a bunch that it never tweeted
RT @congresshatred: @AmazonFCRick rick this is a fucking bot
@AmazonFCRick rick this is a fucking bot
katherine clark stole inkjets from the congressional printer
update: filemon vela announces retirement after having to read for the first time
abolish ice? more like abolish mitch mcconnell
k. michael conaway found fixing wikipedia to make it clear they do not, in fact, eat boogers
i caught leonard lance's dog pissing on my lawn
lois frankel stole your money and bought a mint-condition dreamcast with it
let's replace steve scalise with donald glover
joe courtney is cancelled
brian mast eat my fucking ass
i caught rob woodall's dog pissing on my lawn
trump's keeping you distracted while denny heck looks at your ass crack
adriano espaillat is a lil bitch
kamala harris eat my fucking ass
don young is a rotten pancake
*a look inside scott taylor's head'* this bitch empty tf
chris stewart is cancelled
john faso came to my office crying for me to delete a mean comment
bennie thompson is not even real tbh
breaking news: cedric richmond helped pass something so there's a 100% chance it fucks you over
chris van hollen is henry kissinger in a flesh suit
ileana ros-lehtinen loves minion memes
matt gaetz gets drunk with bud light
steven palazzo is a lil bitch
emanuel cleaver loves minion memes
let's replace joe wilson with donald glover
vicky hartzler is a rotten pancake
*extremely cindy hyde-smith voice* SNIFF
paul tonko is henry kissinger in a flesh suit
mark pocan came to my office crying for me to delete a mean comment
steve knight is a nugget
jeffrey denham stalks the 538 forecast, knowing they are doomed, holding hope that they'll keep office so they can fuck over more poor people
what the hell was alan lowenthal thinking
now with 50% less civility and 50% more telling fuckwads to eat my ass
chris van hollen is henry kissinger in a flesh suit
oh no the horror. fuck you and your wife https://t.co/ZkhtW3UA67
CUCK SCHUMER
kyrsten sinema campaigned with charlie kirk
please donate $0 to the reelection campaign of fucknut jeff flake
fred upton is henry kissinger in a flesh suit
i caught ruben gallego's dog pissing on my lawn
*amazon employees forced to piss on bottles* dan kildee: ya that's the fuckin stuff let's do that
mark meadows is a lil bitch
jeff flake's name is a self own
trey hollingsworth graduated with honors from the spineless university
ann wagner debates middle schoolers only because anything else is hard
abolish ice? more like abolish tim murphy
peter welch is on the senate floor now step on em
bennie thompson is a fuckin thot
let's replace tammy baldwin with donald glover
devin nunes voted to take down this bot
peter welch is not even real tbh
debbie lesko was eaten by ted cruz, mistaken for a booger
chris stewart found fixing wikipedia to make it clear they do not, in fact, eat boogers
john carter is gay for chuck grassley
now with 100% more joni ernst
thomas r. carper is gay for chuck grassley
what were you fucking expecting
ted cruz wanks off to incest porn thinkin of daddy beto
trump's keeping you distracted while bernard sanders looks at your ass crack
pete olson is very likely a traitor
beto o'rourke is a nugget
*a look inside doug jones's head'* this bitch empty tf
honestly, the world would be better off without mitch mcconnell
*extremely jenniffer gonzález-colón voice* SNIFF
don young did not have sexual relations with that woman
in a fitting move, al green votes to make the virgin islands a state
ted cruz loves storing his boogers and tonsil stones, only so he can make his delicious, patented recipe of guacamole
larry bucshon is a massive hoe
trump's keeping you distracted while david mckinley looks at your ass crack
abolish ice? more like abolish kurt schrader
rob woodall was eaten by ted cruz, mistaken for a booger
martha mcsally graduated with honors from the spineless university
jody hice gets drunk with bud light
val demings did not have sexual relations with that woman
markwayne mullin stole your money and bought a mint-condition dreamcast with it
i caught gene green's dog pissing on my lawn
jeb hensarling eats at arby's
jared huffman saw Get Out and thought: damn where can i get one of em
CUCK SCHUMER
dennis ross was eaten by ted cruz, mistaken for a booger
in a fitting move, louise m. slaughter votes to make the virgin islands a state
david young stalks the 538 forecast, knowing they are doomed, holding hope that they'll keep office so they can fuck over more poor people
adam smith was eaten by ted cruz, mistaken for a booger
abolish ice? more like abolish grace meng
hakeem jeffries is a rotten pancake
brian mast dunks their bible on milk
justin amash cancelled despacito 2
david young stole inkjets from the congressional printer
jeff flake's name is a self own
mike bishop was eaten by ted cruz, mistaken for a booger
steve stivers loves minion memes
joe l. barton dunks their bible on milk
richard hudson loves minion memes
gerald e. connolly is a nugget
raúl labrador cancelled despacito 2
in a fitting move, margaret hassan votes to make the virgin islands a state
benjamin l. cardin is a virgin
john delaney was eaten by ted cruz, mistaken for a booger
update: mike kelly announces retirement after having to read for the first time
trump's keeping you distracted while john barrasso looks at your ass crack
let's replace brian schatz with donald glover
update: eddie bernice johnson announces retirement after having to read for the first time
*amazon employees forced to piss on bottles* chris collins: ya that's the fuckin stuff let's do that
jason smith is very likely a traitor
thom tillis came to my office crying for me to delete a mean comment
while rob woodall was too busy being a national embarrassment, congress raised the defense budget again
josh gottheimer did not watch space jam
cory gardner saw Get Out and thought: damn where can i get one of em
christopher h. smith voted to take down this bot
marc veasey is a fuckin thot
susan brooks is a nugget
i caught lindsey graham's dog pissing on my lawn
robert w. goodlatte found fixing wikipedia to make it clear they do not, in fact, eat boogers
deb fischer can't fuckin wear makeup
thomas r. carper debates middle schoolers only because anything else is hard
meanwhile in jamie raskin's brain: i love being useless as shit
a. drew ferguson campaigned with charlie kirk
christopher h. smith is henry kissinger in a flesh suit
i caught markwayne mullin's dog pissing on my lawn
gene green debates middle schoolers only because anything else is hard
abolish ice? more like abolish jody hice
jaime herrera beutler is a nugget
adam b. schiff is a lil bitch
ed perlmutter cancelled despacito 2
pete olson is a lil bitch
joni ernst is not even real tbh
joe manchin the third? more like joe manchin the turd