@TomHall Good sir.
@StateDept @SecPompeo Mr. Michael R. Pompeo.
RT @drvenkatsk1: @StateDept @SecPompeo The US DOS Secretory Michael R. Pompeo and the US president Mr. Donald J. Trump are doing the best t…
@StateDept @SecPompeo The US DOS Secretory Michael R. Pompeo and the US president Mr. Donald J. Trump are doing the best to keep USA and the world safe and secured . I am proud of secretary Mr. Michael R. Pompeo who is also veteran like me.
@StateDept @SecPompeo Secretary of State Mr. Micheal R. Pompeo is doing good work with president Mr. Donald J . Trump to keep the USA and the world safe. Amen.
@StateDept @realDonaldTrump @SecPompeo You and SS pompeo are best combination doing good job for peace.
@realDonaldTrump Good work sir
@realDonaldTrump You and Pompeo are best combination for USA and to the world.
@realDonaldTrump Good speech. Thank you for your support to the military and veterans.
@realDonaldTrump Good work Sir. Good speech. Thank you.
@narendramodi @NitishKumar You are also doing good work to develop India and to keep India safe and secured. We all Indians pray for your health and longevity. God bless you, God bless India and the humanity. Let peace prevails in Asia. No wars.
India and Pakistan should sit together and both countries have to have peace talks. War is not good  for both countries. Both countries should focus on development. Pakistan should take steps to see that it will not be safe heaven for terrorists or their training camps .
@Swamy39 They want to use nuclear missile strikes across India.  That is the intention of I mean Khan.if they use first who will go to hell. Pakistan is in a suicidal path to use nukes against India. Can't you read his mindset.
@Ra_THORe He has been tortured and physically abused . He is having head injury and having black eyes and bleeding from head and nose. He has to get body CT scan and medical evaluation immediately.
@CNNnews18 @Iyervval @AnchorAnandN The pilot was brutally beaten up by more than 15 local malatias may be terror goons and got black eyes . He has seen life and death torture with locals when he is in custody of pal military. Pakistan is rude to POW.
@ametrosching @Rowdynirup Pakistan military and locals may be malatia have did cruelty to him.The Pakistan has violated Geneva war convention protocol of POW.pakistan should destroy all terrorists training camps. Same in Afghanistan.
@UN UN has to talk to with India and Pakistan to avoid military conflict or war. Pakistan is a breeding point for terrorists training camps. Please mediate for a peace and diplomacy .
@NATO India and Pakistan may go for war which is not good for the two countries. Pakistan is a breeding point for terrorists training camps. India needs back up of NATO to establish peace in India sub continent.
@ImranKhan__fans @OfficialDGISPR Better to have a peace. War is not good for the two nations. Both countries have to develop. Pakistan, India and Bangladesh are one before 1947. Pakistan should destroy all terrorists camps . Diplomacy and talks will be better than war. Both countries need patience.
@SecPompeo Sir India needs a strategic alliance with America and NATO to defend its country against Pakistan sponsoring cross border terrorism and China aggression. Better to establish a big NATO base in India .
@NATO India is at cross roads of development.  India has to have a strategic alliance with NATO to counter Pakistan terrorism and China aggression.
@narendramodi Please avoid war. India and Pakistan needs peace talks.
@naralokesh Please take necessary steps to develop Tenali town and its periphery.  Town is infested with criminals and corrupted government officials and elected political leaders.  Prohibit alcohol.  Town needs good infrastructure.
@USAndIndia @USAndKolkata @AeroIndiashow @DefProdnIndia @nsitharaman @DefenceMinIndia @jayantsinha @SpokespersonMoD @DeptofDefense @USAndChennai @State_SCA India is in a historic need of strategic alliance with America and NATO. Pakistan is sponsoring cross border terrorism and China is an aggressor against its neighbours.  India and Pakistan need peace rather than war.
@OfficialDGISPR India and Pakistan should opt for peace rather than war which is better for both countries.  India, Pakistan and Bangladesh are one before 1947.
@OfficialDGISPR Better to OPT for peace rather than war. India, Pakistan and Bangladesh are one before 1947. This should be a common point for peace talk. War is not good for both nations. Better to destroy all terrorists camps in Pakistan.  Development of 3 countries are important rather war.
@TelanganaDGP Good message . All Indians should be on duty round the clock 365 days. India has to modernise its military and should go for ten million military with modern weapons. This helps to defend India against its enmies. Better economy , strong defence and good foreign policy is key.
@SecPompeo Hi sir. Pakistan is sponsoring cross border terrorism against India. China is an aggressor against its neighbours. India needs back up of USA and NATO. India , USA and NATO have common interest to fight terrorism and China aggression. Please back up India. Thank you.
@UN Pakistan is sponsoring cross border terrorism against India for many decades. It is a safe heaven for breeding of terrorist activities. China is an aggressor stretching its military muscle against its neighbours. Please control both these nations.
@realDonaldTrump Hi sir. India needs back up of America and NATO to counter cross border terrorism sponsored by Pakistan and China aggression. India may need strategic alliance with America and NATO counter both hostile nations to India. Common interests for both of our nations.
@DefenseNUSA America and NATO have to back up India to fight against cross border terrorism from Pakistan and China aggression. Pak is having alliance with China. Better to have a strategic alliance with India due to common Interests. Pakistan Terrorism and countering China,
@jensstoltenberg Hi sir. India and NATO needs to have strategic alliance . Both have common interests. Pakistan is sponsoring cross border terrorism and China is an aggressor . Better to establish a biggest NATO base in India to have strong defence against its hostile nations .
@DCPEASTZONE @TelanganaDGP @crpfindia @CPHydCity @hydcitypolice @IPS_Association @HMOIndia All law enforcement agencies including military ,para military &amp; Government officials can follow the same to help the people who lost their lives in the line of their duty to protect the country. This help should be all people who serve the country risking their lives.
@realDonaldTrump Excellent speech by the US president Mr. Donald J . Trump .
@PiyushGoyal Sir our tracks are designed for trains which can move at a speed between 40-60. Please take steps to maintain all train tracks properly and secure all railway lines. Safety and security of all passé are important rather than speed. Please follow my advise which is best.
@USSenate Immigrants who are having masters from American universities can work 3 years with OPT and 6 years with H1 B visas. L1 visas also should be issued to aliens from foreign companies who possess masters degrees from American universities. Education, skills, experience must
@USSenate All H1B or L1 visa holders should pay 10 k $ per year for 6 years in addition to taxes to DHS/USCIS for 6 years. To apply H1 B the immigrants should work for 2 to 3 years on OPT. Education, merit, skills, experience, English proficiency and screening are important .
@USSenate Please enact new immigration laws regarding issue of H1B or L1 or RAC. Issue to the immigrants who are having masters degrees from American universities. End H4 visas. End H1B Lottery system. Allow only 6 years to work on H1 B or L1. H1B or L1 holders pay 10K $/yr.
@USSenate Deport all illegal aliens. Please fix the broken immigration system. Please end lottery for H1 B . Issue H1B or L1 to Immigrants who have masters or PhD from American universities. End H4 visas. Allow H1B or L1 visa aliens for 6 years only. Hike the fee to 10K$/year.
@USSenate please enact new laws the minimum wage for H1 B will be at least 90 k . Let them pay 10 k dollars to DHS for 6 years. Please allow H1 B or L1 visa holders for 6 years only. With OPT they should work for 2 years after MS to get H1 B visas. End H4 visas. L1 only MS holder
@USSenate Please enact new Immigration laws regarding issue of H1 B or L1 visas to the immigrants who have MS or MBA or PhD from American universities. Please end H4 visas. Please hike the H1B visa quota. Please hike the fee of H1 B or L1 or RAC holders per year to DHS/USCIS.
@USSenate Please enact new laws regarding issue of H1B, L1 and RAC. Please end H4 visas. Please end H1 B lottery pickups. Issue based up on masters degree from American universities, skills, knowledge,merit, experience, English proficiency and background screening. Hike H1B quota
@realDonaldTrump sir , you can help non citizen alien veterans who served in US military for more than one year either in peace time or war time can be naturalised as US citizens anytime &amp; their spouses and children also can be naturalised at any time.EO can help alien veterans .
@realDonaldTrump The extra payment of 10k$ per yr to DHS by immigrants with H1 B or L1 for 6 years and by RAC holders for ten years will be additional to the regular taxes to have more funds with DHS and USCIS. End H4 visas.
@realDonaldTrump Immigrants with H1 B or L1 should pay 10 k US dollars per year to DHS for 6 years to secure the borders. Allot by education, skills, merit, experience and English proficiency with back ground screening. Green card holders should pay 10k$/ yr for ten years to DHS.
@realDonaldTrump Hi sir. Please take necessary steps regarding issue of H1 B , L1 Visas to the immigrants who are having high level education like MS or MBA or PHD from American universities with couple of years of experience in USA not by lottery. End H4 visas. Allow 6 yrs only.
@USAmbNATO @NATO Good to have a compliance for defence. But Russia may not follow compliance. Better not to trust Russia and China .
@DefenseNUSA Congrats. Good work.
@USALeaGabrielle congrats mam.
@SecPompeo Good Day sir. Make America strong with proper and good foreign affairs. Have a good strategic political and military alliance with nations worldwide to counter Russia, China, North Korea, Pakistan and Iran. These are five nations which are threat to the global peace.
@realDonaldTrump Sir you can keep all people who are criticising you in jail and penalise them . They all will keep their mouth shut.
@realDonaldTrump Deport all illegal aliens first . Build the wall. Secure the border . End the shutdown. Impose tariffs on all foreign goods . Reduce trade deficits with all countries . Take America to 30 trillion economy. Build the infrastructure. Tell  your critics to shut their mouth.
@realDonaldTrump True. Which hunting. Bettervall should focus on development and economy rather than wasting time . Democrats and the critics don’t have any work other than to criticise. They all are crazy nuts.
@realDonaldTrump Good Morning sir. The democrats and the critics don’t have any agenda other than to defame you. Ignore sir. You are doing good job for America and Americans.
@realDonaldTrump Sir. Please issue H1 B or L1 for 6 years maximum. OPT will be given for 3 years. End Lottery of H1 . End H4 visas. Issue on education, skills, merit , experience and English proficiency. Deport all illegal aliens. Let pay the H1 and L1 10 k per year to DHS.
@realDonaldTrump Let H1 B or L1 visa holders pay 10 k $ additional each year to DHS besides taxes which helps more funds for border security. Hike the number H1 B or L1 visas. Issue by education, skills , merit , experience and English proficiency. Please end H 4. Go for EO.
@realDonaldTrump Please end Lott of issue of H1 B visas. Please end H4 visas. Please make it mandatory that foreign software companies have to file H1 B or L1 for masters degree holders from American universities. End H4 visas. Give 6 years only. OPT for 3 years.
@realDonaldTrump Sir, Please issue H1 B for 6 years only. Please issue H1 B or L1 based on higher education like masters or PhD from American universities. Education, Skills, Experience, English proficiency, back ground screening for all applicants. Plz end H4 visas. Hike fee.
@realDonaldTrump Please deport all illegal immigrants. Build the wall. Secure the borders . Please end H4 visas. H1 B &amp; L 1 should be to Immigrants who are having masters or PhD with 2 years OPT experience with back ground screening and on merit with skills . 10K $ Dee/Yr.
@realDonaldTrump  Please bring changes in immigration laws . Please end lottery of H1 B visas. Please give H1B &amp; L1 visas  to Who are having masters or PhD from American universities with 2 years OPT . End H4 visas. Allow 6 years on H1B visas. Let them pay 10 k per year to DHS.
@realDonaldTrump Excellent speech sir. All over rating among Americans may be more than 70% . Really impressive speech.
@DefenseNUSA Please keep your military to retaliate China with nuclear missiles if it take any chances of sinking couple of aircraft carriers in Pacific ocean or China sea.  It seems China has deployed its missiles which can strike ships or carriers . Better to be vigilant.
@SecPompeo @realDonaldTrump @POTUS Hi sir. President delivered best speech.
@realDonaldTrump please send some dummy carriers to check their act if aggression in Pacific ocean and China sea. Let nuke submarines move closer to China sea.
@realDonaldTrump It seems China has activated its military and may try to sink couple of  aircraft carriers. Dispatch nuclear submarine fleet to launch nukes st major cities of China as a retaliatory act if it involves in sinking of carriers in China sea or Pacific ocean.
@realDonaldTrump Sir China may take a chance to sink couple of aircraft carriers in Pacific ocean or China sea. Please direct the Pentagon to be on high alert including CETCOM and Pacific fleet including military base at Guam. Better to send a striking group with nukes on board .
@realDonaldTrump Thamk you sir. You have delivered best speech sir. Great. Really awesome.
@DefenseNUSA Better to dispatch dummy aircraft carriers near to China to see wether it sinks and if strikes carriers then please retaliate with nuclear missile strikes of important cities of China.
@DefenseNUSA If China sinks couple of air craft carriers better to strike the China with nukes and bombers which deliver nukes including keeping submarine fleet near to China sea to destroy all Chinese cities with nukes . Let China see the Stone Age like .
@DefenseNUSA It seems China is having intention to take a chance to strike couple of aircraft carriers in Pacific Ocean or China sea. Better to retaliate with nuclear missile strikes of all Chinese cities. Better to alert nuclear command and dispatch nuke delivering jets n subs.
@realDonaldTrump You are in right direction of keeping America strong and secure. You are doing best . Please do it .
@NATO It seems China is made up its mind to sink couple of air craft carriers in Pacific Ocean or China sea . Better to retaliate with 500 nuclear missile strikes of all cities in China.
@WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump Good progress sir.
@StateDG @StateDept @doscareers @statedeptspox Congrats madam Carol Z Perez.
@SecPompeo @jguaido Sir, Venezuelans can choose their freedom, development,dignity , democracy and a path to change their lives for their future. Venezuela is getting transformed to a better state. Humanitarian aid should be addressed for their basic needs.
@SecPompeo @NATO Good decision sir. Please don’t trust Russia, China, North Korea, Pakistan and Iran. These five Nations are threat to the global peace. Threat to USA, NATO and all free nations in Asia.
@ICEgov The consultancy agencies or agents who are exploiting the immigrant international students should be punished but the victims should not be punished unless they involve in violation of immigration laws. Raid all consultancy agencies in 50 states who are cheating foreign graduates
@ICEgov The brokers or consultancy agencies who are intentionally involving in deceiving USCIS for making  money unlawfully can be penalised but innocent students who were entrapped should be free of charges . Consultancy agencies in 50 states may be exploiting the immigrant students .
@SecPompeo Good decision sir.
@SecPompeo Sir , Never trust Russia , China, North Korea, Pakistan, Iran . These 5 nations are threat to the global peace and have nexus which is evil nexus sir. USA , NATO and their allied should have good economies and strong defence to deter these 5 evil nations.
@SpoxUSCIS @DHSgov @USCIS Consultancies who recruit foreign master degree holders in 50 states will exploit these foreign graduates with masters degrees in science , Technology and maths (USA)Let them pay 10 k $ / yr directly to USCIS as fee to avoid exploitation by consultancies in 50 states and abroad.
@SpoxUSCIS @DHSgov @USCIS Good decision. Better to have hike in number of H1B and L1 visas. Better to give to Immigrants who are with MS or PhD or MBA from US universities with skills, experience, English proficiency,good conduct and back ground screening. They can pay 10 k $ fee to USCIS/DHS/YEAR.
@SpoxUSCIS @DHSgov @USCIS All H1 B applicants should be interviewed to know their appearance, dress code,their knowledge in history of America and the country of origin , their religion faith besides education, experience, skills&amp; English proficiency . Immigrants with MS or PhD or MBA from US universities
@SpoxUSCIS @DHSgov @USCIS Good decision. Better to issue to the immigrants who graduated in American universities with advanced degrees like MS or PhD or MBA with good skills and 2 years of experience with OPT with English proficiency and back ground screening to prevent Islamic militants misuse the visas
@cyber @DHSgov Thank you.
@SecPompeo @NATO NATO should take more leading role in countering Russia , China , North Korea, Pakistan and Iran. These are threat to global peace.
@SecPompeo Good decision sir . Better to have good nuclear deterrence and defence missile shield . All NATO members can have unified command to deter China and Russia. Both are threat . Australia can have more nukes and easy to counter China in short time .
@realDonaldTrump You are doing work sir . Hope all Americans will understand you. You do best for the country to keep it on track and to make it great again.
@dylanpwhite @NATO @dw_europe @terischultz Good .
@NATO True . Well said. You are right.
@jensstoltenberg @NATO Russia and China are threat to USA and NATO. Better to cut their size. Better to have strong defence. 50 million military is required for NATO.
@Narendramodi_PM @narendramodi You are right sir . True and well said. BJP led NDA is doing good work to develop the country. But the congress and their allied regional parties who are corrupted are misleading the people and the nation with fake news.
@Narendramodi_PM Please hike the financial or monetary support to 12 k per year to small farmers and waive their loans up to 50 k which will benefit them. With MSP the farmers will have sustainability.
@Narendramodi_PM Good job done sir.
@Narendramodi_PM Good work sir.
@Narendramodi_PM You and your cabinet presented a best interim budget . This will be a stimulus for healthy economy. Plz take steps to have agricultural and industrial sustainability with proper infrastructure. Hike FS(MS)to 12k to small farmers and waive the loans up to 50 k to small farmers.
@SpoxUSCIS @DHSgov @USCIS Foreign software companies are getting profits in billions of dollars. Let them return part of that money to their employees and to the governments of of their own and to America .
@SpoxUSCIS @DHSgov @USCIS The fee for H1 B or L1 application by foreign software companies should be 10-15 k US dollars per each visa as make mandatory that graduates from American universities only are eligible to apply who got A grades. Not junk or trash. Screen all applicants .
@SpoxUSCIS @DHSgov @USCIS All software companies in Deccan Hyderabad are producing fake experience certificates to get H1 and L1 visas to their employees. All company higher officials are involving in these scams due to lottery pickup. Make mandatory US graduates only can apply from foreign companies.
@SpoxUSCIS @DHSgov @USCIS All 50 states foreign consultancy firms might be violating immigration laws and are siphoning money from fresh graduates in USA. These foreign consultancy agencies are operating in most of the states including NY, Michigan, Illinois, Missouri and Washington DC.
@SpoxUSCIS @DHSgov @USCIS All foreign consultancy firms who are misusing the US immigration laws should be fined. 95% of foreign consultancy firms are violating US immigration laws for the last 25 years. Fine them . Recover all money which they collected from foreign graduates in the last 25 years.
@SpoxUSCIS @DHSgov Good decision. Make mandatory that masters or PhD is a must to apply for H1 B or L1 including foreign software companies. You get good people. Screen for Islamic militants who can enter USA on H1 or L1 or F1 or Visitor or business visas. ISIS or Al Qaeda may enter south side.
@SpoxUSCIS @USCIS @DHSgov H1 B or L1 visa pickups should pay 10 k per year to USCIS and DHS. Same with RAC holders. This will help to have revenue to DHS and USCIS . Don’t give visas to Islamic militants from Asia and Africa. Fix 10K US dollars fee to business visas  and visitors visas.
@SpoxUSCIS @USCIS @DHSgov Most of the software companies in Deccan Hyderabad are producing fake experience certificates for bachelor degree holders to get H1 B or L1 visas. Even terrorists also may enter USA. The Masters degree from US universities should be mandatory.Avoid lottery pickup .
@SpoxUSCIS @USCIS @DHSgov Please issue H1B or L1 B who have masters degree or PhD from American universities . Skills and 2 years OPT experience should be must. Bachelor degree holders from foreign software companies should not be issued . Every year the H1B or L1 visa holders should pay 10 k to USCIS .
@SpoxUSCIS @USCIS @DHSgov Good . Better to increase H1 B visas and L1 visas. Make mandatory that masters or PhD from  recognised US universities and who have worked for 2 years with OPT should be eligible. Let them pay 10-15 K to the USCIS every year . Foreign IT companies are producing fake certificates.
@senrobportman Congrats for busting .
@realDonaldTrump Good work by you sir. Secure the borders and secure the country free from crime, corruption, poverty and drugs.
@SecPompeo @HassanRouhani Good tweet sir.
@SecPompeo @Stanford @POTUS Russia, China, North Korea, Pakistan and Iran are threat to USA, NATO and to the free nations in Asia. These all rogue nations who are begging wars.
@realDonaldTrump Good sir
@ICEgov Better to make mandatory that graduates of science or maths or engineering with MS or PhD with good skills, experience and English proficiency should be eligible to apply for H1 B or L1 . End H4 visas. Give preference to who graduated in USA. End lottery pickups.
@ICEgov Most of the consultancy companies in Hyderabad will involve in false documentation to get either F1 or H1 or L1 . Software companies will produce fake experience certificates for lottery pickup. Higher officials of software companies will misuse the uscis laws to get visas.
@ICEgov Most of the software companies in Deccan Hyderabad will manipulate in getting H1 B and L1 visas by fake experience certificates. If graduates or PhD holders with skills and experience have to qualify to get these visas.
@ICEgov Consulting agencies might be operating in 50 states. They will exploit all science and engineering graduate students for the sake of money. Investigate all agencies who files for F1 or H1 or H4 or L1 or Green cards. Immigrants who are there for &gt;6-10 years can indulge like this.
@realDonaldTrump Diplomacy works. Good work sir. But deploy string military bases and striking naval fleets in the Pacific region and Guam islands. Don’t trust China and North Korea. Same with Pakistan, Russia and Iran. ISIS, Al Qaeda, Taliban and Islamic militancy are threat to USA n others.
@realDonaldTrump True sir. Well said. Iran , ISIS, Taliban, Al Qaeda, China, Pakistan, Russia, North Korea are threat to the USA, NATO and to all free nations in Asia and to the world.
@TelanganaDGP Good work sir. Eradication of crime , corruption, drugs , illegal land grabbing of non local lands and child labour are very important to keep the Telengana safe and secured.
@USAndChennai Congrats
@SecPompeo @usembvienna @PDVSA Military action may be right choice to replace the regime. Rebuild Venezuela. Let the people live peacefully with strong economy.
@narendramodi R. I. P
@realDonaldTrump Please end shutdown. Please build wall. Secure borders. Deport all illegal aliens. Fix the broken immigration system. Focus on economy and defence. Find solution .
@realDonaldTrump Apple, Amazon, IBM, Accenture, TCS, Infosys, Wipro , Walmart, Microsoft, Reliance , Twitter, google &amp; Facebook  can donate 50 -100 billion dollars to secure the borders and to build walls.
@NATO Russia, China, North Korea, Pakistan and Iran are threat for global peace. Counter these nations to restore peace on this planet.
@realDonaldTrump Change of regimen in Venezuela. Invade and restore peace. Put the present president in jail.
@realDonaldTrump All IT and software companies should pay 20 k additional dollars per year per each person for 6 years for H1 B visas or L1 visas. Graduates only should apply with skills, experience and English proficiency with back ground screening. They should leave after 6 yrs
@realDonaldTrump Please see the USCIS issue H1 B who are graduates or PhD holders who studied in USA. Please don’t issue to any bachelor degree holders. All IT and Software companies should pay 20 k US dollars per year for issue of H1 B or L1 visa per applicant. 6 years only.
@realDonaldTrump Sir,Please have changes in immigration laws. Please issue H-1B on the basis of education, skills, experience and back ground screening. End H4 visas. Allow only 6 years either on H1B or L1 visas. Deport all illegal aliens. Build the wall and secure all borders.
@realDonaldTrump Please  End the shutdown. Please build the wall. Deport all illegal aliens. Fix the broken immigration system. Focus on economy , defence and foreign affairs.
@narendramodi Great work sir.
@narendramodi Good work.
@narendramodi BJP will come to power to carry the development of India which is on track.All need hard work. They don't have leader and agenda. Good luck sir.
@NATO Evil forces are breeding in Deccan Hydeabad. Better to blacklist this region. Hyderabad and it’s perimeter of 50 kms should be blacklisted which should be erased in the future.
@NATO EVIL forces are breeding in Deccan hydeabad. Better to black list this city and perimeter of 50 kms to be erased in the future.
@realDonaldTrump True sir. You are right. China and Russia are threat to the USA , NATO and all free nations in all continents. Same with North Korea , Pakistan and Iran. These five nations are threat to the global peace. The red and green dragon is evil. Same with Bear.
@realDonaldTrump Better to impose fines to all foreign or American based software companies and IT companies getting H1B visas by fraudulent methods. Masters degree or Phd with screening test should be mandatory to apply for H1B visas with proper skills and experience.
@realDonaldTrump Please give preference for graduates in USA and foreign graduates have to pass a screening test to apply for H1 B by software companies. Most companies in Hyderabad are getting H1B with fake experience certificates. Scrutinise all H1B visas  of Hyderabad IT &amp;SC.
@realDonaldTrump please have changed in issue of H1 B based up on higher education like masters or phd , skills , experience and screening not by lottery. Increase the cap to 150 k. Collect fee every year 5-10k per year. After 6 years allow them to get green cards provided job.
@NATO please reserve one nuke to Deccan Hyderabad. The city and perimeter of 50 kms should be erased in future. The locals are unlawfully grabbing or encroaching others lands and property. My site of 2400 square yards is encroached. Better to erase this city in future.
@USAndMumbai Please apply the same protocol in Asia, Africa and South America. Corruption is very high among government officials and political leaders.
@TelanganaDGP Driving licenses should be issued to good efficient drivers to prevent RTA. Please revoke the driving licenses of drivers who are not comply to traffic rules. Speed limit and ban on over taking can be useful to avoid RTA.
@TelanganaDGP With implementation of strict traffic laws and speed limits and revoking of driving licenses of alcoholics and reckless drivers the RTA can be avoided sir. Speed limit in all urban areas and high ways can prevent accidents.
@CyberDost @TelanganaDGP Eradication of crime , corruption, drugs , terrorism, crime against aged people, crime against women and children . Please install CCTV cameras in all public places across the state to prevent crime and corruption which are evil spread across India.
@CyberDost @TelanganaDGP Good morning sir. Please establish different units to eradicate different crimes. Please have a special units in all ten districts to handle unlawful land grabbing or illegal land encroachments in all districts. Same with private financiers, chain snatchers, rowdy elements etc.
@POTUS Build the wall. End H1B lottery system. End H4 visas to spouses. Issue H1B or L1 for 6 years only. Blacklist all software companies from Hyderabad. Exclude bachelor degree holders in issue of H1 b or L1 who are fraudulent methods in getting visas. Deport all illegal aliens
@POTUS Blacklist all software companies from Hyderabad in issue of H1B or L1 . Exclude bachelor degree holders who produce fake experience certificates for getting jobs in USA. EndH4 visas. End lottery issue . Issue H1B or L1 for 6 years only. After 6 years they should leave USA.
@POTUS Better to exclude bachelor degree holders from H1B or L1 visa applications who will produce fake experience certificates from Deccan Hyderabad. Blacklist hydeabad based software companies.
@USCIS Hyderabad based software companies may submit fake experience certificates . Better to avoid with bachelor degree holders for H1 B or L1 visas.
@StateDept End H-1 B lottery visas . Education, skills and merit basis with back ground screening. End H4 visa category. Immigrants can not work more than 6 years on H-1B or L1 visa category. Better to record their statements while issue of non immigrant visas for compliance.
@narendramodi please don’t give any money or aid if they comment or work against BJP led central government. AP and TS CMS and their leaders are passing comments against the Center for their political mileage.
@TelanganaDGP The three guys are sons of Sappidi malla Reddy. They are residents of Gandicheruvu village. Please have different police teams to take action against people who involves in crime like land grabbing or illegal encroachment.
@TelanganaDGP My land (my wife and her brother )of 2400 square yards has been illegally encroached or grabbed by locals at Koheda village near Ramoji Film City. Survey number is 196. Their names are Sappidi Ranga Reddy, S. Krishna Reddy and S. Bal Reddy.Please take action .
@TelanganaDGP GM sir. please eradicate crime, corruption, drugs and illegal land grabbing or illegal encroachment. Please see that all people will be safe and secured . Let India is free from crime and corruption.
@POTUS New strict Immigration laws are important.  Issue H-1B based on education, merit, skills , experience and back ground screening. End H-4 spouse work permits. Allow immigrants for 6 years to work on H-1 B visa only. Deport all illegals.
@POTUS Build Trump wall . End H-4  Visa. H1B should be issued for 6 years only. Immigrants worked for 6 years on H1B or L1 should leave USA. Please sign EO.
@narendramodi please consolidate the BJP position in all southern states by taking good cadre in to the party and leaders also should be good and efficient.
@narendramodi The corruption of congress and other regional parties will be in trillions of US dollars which has been siphoned in the last 3 decades. Please trace it .
@narendramodi India should be free from crime, corruption, poverty, alcoholism, unemployment and homelessness.
@narendramodi please build federal buildings in all urban areas in India which can have all central government agencies to prevent crime, corruption and terrorism. Para military should back these agencies.
@narendramodi please concentrate in providing uniform quality health care and education. Please fix the infrastructure and promote industrial development.
@narendramodi please investigate TS for all its corruption in the last 4 years. Please don’t give any aid. My land is unlawfully grabbed and encroached by locals at Koheda village.
@narendramodi Please stop all aid to TS. Investigate corruption by state government.  My land is illegally grabbed and encroached by locals at koheda village near Hyderabad city.  Don't give single. Investigate all corruption in the state.
Please stop all aid to TS. My land has been illegally grabbed or illegally encroached at koheda village near Hyderabad city. Don't give single rupees. Corruption of 1000's of crores happened in TS.
@drvenkatsk I wish you a happy New Year.
@drvenkatsk India also can procure more battle tanks , Big guns like for Army. Apache helicopter for IAF. Patriot missile batteries and Installation of THADS may be give air defence.
@thetribunechd India can procure 5 K to 10 k good battle tanks and Big guns including Apache helicopters from USA, NATO members and also from Russia. Better to made in India .
@TelanganaDGP Please check SBI ATM is having malfunctioning software and money is getting debited with our disbursements from SBI accounts. The SBI bank which is maintains may be involving in unlawful acts of stealing M from ATM
@NATO Happy New Year
@NATO Happy New Year.
@MarcusReports President Trump is not stable and inconsistent with the values as US president. Very unfortunate and sad news . Thanks to the Mr. Jim Mattis for his service .
The Center has to rescue the AP state which needs financial aid of 20 k crores .
@narendramodi Due to cyclones and other projects including farmers loan payments AP need financial aid by the Center . 20 k crore rupees may the need of AP state to keep it on track of development.
@PMOIndia AP needs financial help from the Center. Better to give financial aid of 20k crore rupees.
@USAndMumbai US special envoy in Iran is considering to revoke visas of kins of corrupt regime officials . Same can be planned for children of corrupt political leaders and corrupted government officials in India also.
@FLOTUS Thank you. Good work mam. God bless the people who are serving military and who have served .
@SecPompeo True sir. Russia want to have more arm sales, want to be close to opec members,  want to extend its muscle power and want to weaken USA and NATO.China also same but not crooked like Russia.  Putin is red fox.
@jonsnowC4 True
@KTRTRS Eradication of crime ,corruption, poverty, alcohol, unemployment, homelessness and environmental pollution may be important tasks ahead to your Government. Focus to develop all states equally both urban and rural areas.
@KTRTRS Congrats to you, your father , all TRS MLAS ,to the TRS party and to the people of Telangana state. Please take good policy decisions which benefits all people of Telangana state.
@narendramodi The results depend up on % of voting . TRS-Congress-BJP-MIM-TDP-Others . This may be the order of results on 12 th.
@narendramodi Telangana May brace for hung. Presidential rule may be good. Evil is breeding in Hyderabad old city. TRS and MIM may form Government if hung evolves . TRS leaders might have involved in corruption and commissions in the last 4 1/2 years . Investigate with CGLA.
@narendramodi TRS leaders KCR , KTR and their close associates might have siphoned thousands of crores by corruption and commissions in the last 4 1/2 years in Telangana state. Please investigate with central government law enforcement agencies. Save India from corruption.
@narendramodi TRS leaders KCR his son KTR and their close associates might have siphoned around 10 k crore rupees in the last 4 1/2 years . Please investigate with central government law enforcement agencies. This is the allegation of corruption by TRS leaders in Telangana state.
@USAndMumbai Good work sir. Keeps It up
@realDonaldTrump Good work sir. But defence budget should go hike to trillion dollars with increase of trade volume and GDP.
@NATO please erase in future Deccan Hyderabad with perimeter up to 50 kms around Deccan Hyderabad. The evil is flourishing there.
@KTRTRS Please stop unlawful grabbing of properties , residential plots and money and valuables of non locals in and around Hyderabad. All Indians and foreigners should not invest in Hyderabad. Telangana should be free from crime and corruption. Blacklisted region.
@KTRTRS Please take necessary steps to prevent unlawful grabbing and illegal encroachment of properties of non locals . This is what happening in and around Hyderabad city .
@drvenkatsk Indians and foreigners including NRI should not invest in and around Hyderabad up to 50 kms perimeter. Locals are unlawfully grabbing or illegally encroaching the lands and properties of non locals. Better relocate companies out of Hyderabad and its perimeter of 50 km
@Bush41 @nmbush Good message .
@JebBush Good dog.
@realDonaldTrump Success of talks . Good work sir .
@jgm41 Tributes
@nmbush @GeorgeHWBush @PointsofLight True sir.
@KTRTRS True. TRS may be better for Telangana state. Please prevent land grabbing and illegal encroachment of non locals lands or properties which is getting practice in Hyderabad and around 50 kms perimeter of Hyderabad.
@CPHydCity Please fix speed limit of 20 kms for all vehicles in side the city limits which will avoid most  road traffic accidents .
@Acosta May be wise to avoid White House to prevent or to avoid headache from the president and other White House staff. You can take other assignments at CNN.
@Martin_Dempsey True well said sir. Happy thanksgiving week.
NATO should erase Deccan Hyderabad and 50 kms perimeter in the future. The locals are unlawfully grabbing non locals residential plots and properties. Indians and foreigners should not invest in Deccan Hyderabad with 50 kms perimeter. Should be marked as evil region in Asia.
@CPHydCity Good evening sir.
@hutansh @RameshPV2010 Happy Birthday Rehman. Belated wishes
@TelanganaDGP Good afternoon sir.
Winter and snowfall will be a favourable for infiltrators of terrorists from Pakistan through J&amp;K and other border states including through Nepal and Bangladesh. All law enforcement agencies should be on highest alert till April of 2019.
Most of the urban and metro cities in India are infested with people who are habitual of crime and corruption. Evil is breeding in all urban areas of India . Better to destroy this evil forces in India
@NATO Evil is breeding in around Deccan Hyderabad in India .Please allot one NM for this region to strike later. This is my prayer to the NATO , to the God and as US veteran .
My land is Hyderabad is illegally encroached by locals which is located at Koheda village, Hayathnagar mandal , Ranga Reddy district in Telangana state. I want no Indians should invest in Deccan Hyderabad and surrounding area up to 50 kms which can be illegally encroached. https://t.co/cxAAI8g14N
@HMOIndia sir Illegal encroachment of my land of 2400 SY. Sappidi Malla Reddy sons Ranga Reddy, Krishna Reddy, Bal Reddy and co  of Gandicheruvu village. The land located at Koheda village of Hayathnagar mandal of RR district of TS  land with survey number 196. Please Take action https://t.co/JDWe6F5cKb
@PoliceRanga My land is illegally encroached by Sappidi Malla Reddy sons S Ranga Reddy, S Krishna Reddy , S.Bal Reddy and his people.  of Gandicheruvu village Survey number is 196 of Koheda village of Hayathnagar mandal . 2400 square yards.Plz vacate the illegal encroached people https://t.co/36XozdbwbC
@trspartyonline My land is illegally encroached by Sappidi malla Reddy sons Ranga Reddy, Krishna Reddy, Bal Reddy and his people of Gandicheruvu. Land is located at Koheda village survey number is 196. 2400 square yards. Please take action against illegal land encroachment. https://t.co/itKdo10fuX
@KTRTRS sir my land is illegally encroached by Sappidi malla Reddy, his sons Sappidi Ranga Reddy, Krishna Reddy and Bal Reddy of Gandicheruvu village. We purchased 20 years back. Survey number is 196 of Koheda village. 2400 square yards. Please help us to get my land . 6304541212 https://t.co/C2a0k7Skcl
@TelanganaDGP place located at Koheda village in Hayathnagar mandal near Ramoji Film City in Hyderabad. Survey number 196 of Koheda village. Illegally encroached by Sappidi malla Reddy and his sons Ranga Reddy, Krishna Reddy , Bal Reddy and his people. https://t.co/1FgxVYbXWE
@TelanganaDGP https://t.co/spR4O2u7Ie
@TelanganaDGP Sir This is our site encroached by the Sappidi malla Reddy, his sons Ranga Reddy, Krishna Reddy , Bal Reddy and his people. Survey number 196 of Koheda village Hayathnagar mandal. Please take action sir. Near Ramoji Film City . My number is +916304541212 Dr.KVSR https://t.co/nHjcBvRT1E
This is video for evidence sir. The wall , gate and fencing belongs to sappidi malla Reddy and his sons Rangareddy , Krishna reddyabd bal Reddy. That land is 2400 square yards illegally encroached by them and their associates. Please take action sir. Doing for last 20 years . https://t.co/WgsJukKES0
@TelanganaDGP
@TelanganaDGP If I get WhatsApp number of your DGPs office I can share the video of my site which has been illegally encroached or occupied.
@TelanganaDGP My self is Dr. k. V. Subba Rao , my wife is Dr. k. Mohini MD and My brother in law is Dr. Rajendra Prasad Kondragunta MCH. We three purchased this land of 2400 square yards 20 years back. Before 18 yrs we filed case at concerned  police station. They vacated in past
@TelanganaDGP The people who have encroached illegally are Sappidi malla Reddy sons Ranga Reddy, Krishna Reddy and Bal Reddy. They belongs to Gandicheruvu village . The land is in survey number 196 of Koheda village of Hayathnagar. Please take action against these people &amp;co.
@TelanganaDGP Dear respected sir, Myself and my wife , my brother in law we three are medical doctors have purchased land of 2400 square yards with survey number 196 of Koheda village of Hayathnagar mandal 20 years back. It was illegally encroached by the people who sold .
My land , my wife land has been grabbed and illegally encroached by the sappidi malla Reddy and his sons Ranga Reddy, Krishna Reddy and bal Reddy are involved in illegal encroachment belongs to Gandicheruvu with survey number of 196. 2400 square yards . Police should take action.
Sri sappidi Malla  Reddy and his sons Ranga Reddy , Krishna Reddy and Bal Reddy are involving in unlawful grabbing of the land illegally encroached outsiders land who are native of Gandicheruvu village of Hayathnagar. Other people are also involved who are real estate agents.
Residents of Gandichervu village , Koheda village, peda Amber pet , Abdullarpurmet and residents of Hayathnagar are involving in unlawful grabbing of non locals lands and illegal encroachment of the outsiders land which is located 30 kms from Deccan Hyderabad.
Sappidi malla Reddy children Ranga Reddy , Krishna Reddy and Bal Reddy are doing these activities of the land purchased in survey number 196 located at Koheda village.
Koheda village area, Gandicheruvu area, Peda amber pet area , Abdullapur met area and Hayathnagar mandal area these activities are more by locals . My site was illegally encroached by locals there . Same with many non locals.
Deccan Hyderabad and surrounding area up to kms should be black listed so that no Indian or foreigner will invest either in Hyderabad or surrounding area up to 50 kms perimeter. Illegal encroachment and unlawful grabbing are doing by locals of non locals property. Hayathnagar .
I advise Indians and foreigners not to invest any money in Deccan Hyderabad and around 50 kms of Hyderabad. Locals are unlawfully grabbing and doing illegal encroachment of outsiders lands and properties.All companies should move out of this region.
@RameshPV2010 Hi sir
I advise Indians , Non locals and foreigners not to buy any property or investment either in Hyderabad or 50 km perimeter of Hyderabad city in India. Unlawful grabbing of land and illegal encroachment of private property of outsiders is highest . Global alert should be there.
@Acosta Not fair . Freedom of press is not there in USA.
@SenatorBurr True.
@realDonaldTrump @WashingtonDCTea Congrats sir. Republicans lead senate and also most of the state Governors.
My SBI life insurance hospital cash claim settled. Thanks to SBI life. Hope all genuine claims will be settled with proper transparent process.
Happy Diwali. Have a nice day.
@RameshPV2010 Congrats Dr. P. V. Ramesh Garu.
@Martin_Dempsey You are 100% right sir.
@IFSGJ064 @RameshPV2010 @narendramodi @PMOIndia @RajKSinghIndia @OfficeOfRKSingh @BhallaAjay26 @MinOfPower Electricity to each house and solar energy back are also important.
@narendramodi @AbeShinzo Good work. Japan , Singapore, Manila, Taiwan , Indonesia, Malaysia are natural partners to India.
@narendramodi R.I.P
@ChrisCoons F—- Saudi. N . Missile strikes should be option by pentagon.
@ChrisCoons Trump like Saudi, it’s oil, Defense contacts.
@NBCPolitics Saudi consulate is bluffing the world. It is clear planned assassination with their special killers.