RT @Commercial_Crew: The @SpaceX Crew Dragon is attached to the @Space_Station! It's a first for a commercially built &amp; operated spacecraft…
devletin tüm dinlere eşit mesafede olup hele bir dini temsiliyetle yetinmeyip o dini empoze etmeye çalıştığı sistemin adı demokrasi olabilir ama laik değildir. laik olmayan sistemler de teokratikdir. 	Amerika daki anayasanın 1. amendment i laikliktir. Geldiği seviye ortadadır. https://t.co/ChMTtrZonj
RT @SpaceXUpdates: Around 500m from the ISS. Nearing Waypoint 0.		#DM1 #SpaceX #NASA
When the system sides with injustice, oppression occurs, violation of human rights occurs. Of course shocking that the system might be UK or US. Who is to make correction? International laws. Are UK or US bound by international treaties that can punish these systems? For US, no. https://t.co/73E2G0XgJ2
RT @SpaceX: Back live → https://t.co/gtC39uBC7z
punishment for stealing a car and escaping from police : execution at the spot, no trial no verdict, not war-time, nor terror-time. what was his deep-routed crime? his ethnicity ? 	ok horrible. More horrific that the judicial system approves the execution. And the deep reason? https://t.co/B4r8VyXem5
RT @businessinsider: Silicon Valley's sexist "bro culture" affects everyone https://t.co/w5SdHjfKj6
RT @aliciavperry: I am NOT anti-Semitic but people often ask why I speak out against Israel &amp; it's dirty excuse of a military. This is why!…
RT @aliciavperry: Video evidence used by UN Human Rights Council in it's report is now released.		Israel is GUILTY of war crimes by slaught…
Gaming is one of the envelope pushing, technology innovation pioneering sector. Without it, we would not have had the commercial success of Artificial Intelligence, AR, VR, and SR. https://t.co/XzK6AXPP8v
RT @AOC: I’m pretty heartbroken that there isn’t more denunciation of this outward and blatant expression of bigotry and Islamophobia by a…
RT @marcuscotephoto: #Falcon9 and #CrewDragon lift above the fiery rage of nine Merlin 1D engines. Dragon is expected to dock with the ISS…
RT @AstroHardin: Falcon 9 first stage - from separation to landing! The burn is spectacular! #Falcon9 #SpaceX 🚀 https://t.co/fWflIu9a3f
OPCW issues fact-finding mission in Syria report. https://t.co/XRxSwHd0Bf	It needs to be collaborated and scrutinized by the best of investigative journalism. 	One appearant omission is claimed by @malachybrowne with links to crime scene navigation tool. 		OPCW is hiring! https://t.co/644uu8PU5s
RT @OPCW: 🔴 BREAKING: #OPCW Issues Fact-Finding Mission Report on Chemical Weapons Use Allegation in #Douma, #Syria, in 2018 https://t.co/W…
If the only young people employed in the White House are the close relatives who happen to inherit wealth and be handed over power through family links like in state capitalism, I guess we should understand why @realDonaldTrump misreads Americans favoring socialism. https://t.co/pt7AKiM0g3
@AmbJohnBolton opportunity to bring democracy to France? Humanitarian aid is getting pumped up in Germany military bases? Don't miss it, for otherwise the US cannot project power over Europe as stronger, and you simply cannot be in position of doing nothing, can you? Help France! https://t.co/Pq1TXloNOg
A very unsettling use of executive power. And the idea of applying threat with sanctions if not my way brought home to the heart of democracy, universities. Where academic freedom should be upheld dearest, being political activism playground should not be enforced without law. https://t.co/Z5PC8jH4Zc
RT @techreview: The #CrewDragon has successfully entered orbit and the Falcon 9 first stage booster has landed on the droneship Of Course I…
webcast of mission dragon crew demo 1 of @SpaceX 	https://t.co/3vAYDUKBu8
RT @SpaceX: Liftoff! https://t.co/RUtN1QBS08
RT @SpaceX: Crew Dragon is on its way to the International Space Station! Autonomous docking at the @Space_Station set for early tomorrow m…
RT @elonmusk: Super high tech zero-g indicator added just before launch! https://t.co/CRO26plaXq
RT @SpaceX: All systems and weather are go ahead of Crew Dragon's first test flight tomorrow morning at 2:49 a.m. EST, 7:49 UTC → https://t…
RT @QuantaMagazine: From the archives: "I’m very proud of not having a Ph.D. I think the Ph.D. system is an abomination." — Our interview w…
RT @SpaceX: Launch webcast of Crew Dragon’s first test flight will go live ~50 minutes before liftoff → https://t.co/gtC39uBC7z
RT @SpaceXUpdates: We are currently at T-2 Hours until liftoff - which is currently being targeted for 07:49 UTC or 02:49 EST.		#DM1 #Falco…
RT @SpaceXUpdates: Good Morning or Evening depending on where you are. It's Launch Day!		This is a day 9 years in the making since Commerci…
Here we are in 2nd day of March. Since justice is not served, genocidal crimes against humanity continued in Jan-Feb 2019, after the release of the UN council report that covered Mar-Dec of 2018. How many children will perish in March 2019, says @intifada 	https://t.co/rFbDB1fIui
RT @techinsider: How this 13-year-old invented a safer way to treat pancreatic cancer https://t.co/SjZWHBFPrK
NASA Selects Space Weather Experiment for International Space Station https://t.co/5TMRKsIQ3T
RT @Commercial_Crew: We're continuing to take your questions about @SpaceX 's Demo-1 launch EARLY tomorrow morning and everything you want…
RT @SpaceX: Crew Dragon and Falcon 9 rolled out to the launch pad ahead of the spacecraft’s first test flight. Liftoff targeted for 2:49 a.…
RT @Craig_VG: Now that's a 21st century launch pad! https://t.co/NvmBMS4w5I
The video is just released by the UN Human Rights Council. Among the mostly young demonstrators, the ones with fiery excitement and pride are specifically targeted, either died or left amputated. This continues as we speak. Entering March with this, sorry! Will justice be served? https://t.co/Bo9jupZZaE
RT @danielmarans: New: Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-N.Y.) made it look easy, but staff worked with her for days to prepare her question…
@maria_alexea @memcculloch ai cannot invent, only predict, analyze, and present in the light of what is invented or known. it can radically help the process scientists invent though. friend not a foe, unless faster speed of innovation somehow is inconvenient.
RT @PPICNotes: Our conversation with @Ann_OLeary begins now.  https://t.co/6xyzTFAwHp
RT @NobelPrize: The scientist behind the discovery of the neutron was James Chadwick, who was awarded the 1935 #NobelPrize in Physics. 		Th…
Cohen's testimony in progress, individual 1 is Trump and org 1 is Trump's company. 10 meetings with Russia on the largest building complex project in Europe during the elections campaign. 	https://t.co/PJdJrjSupR
So, stop sponsoring PKK, not just by listing it as a terrorist org, but by cutting all the financial and logistical support. Otherwise, the tool of the imperial powers will find new victims anywhere to terrorise, that is what they are paid for, that is their paid job.
The result is, PKK is crushed, but opportunity cost had grave consequnces that are still reverbareting:a major coup attempt in Turkey in 2016;transition to presidency regime under emergency laws, solidification of executive power with no checks and balances. PKK is gone, we LOST.
PKK is more about imperial powers and dirty money than freedom fighting. Even the internal politicians are oppressed by this militant group thereby squandering the major opportunity to integrate the minority groups in national democracy discourse in a major way back in 2015.
is there any other terror group in the world claiming to represent a certain ethnic group killing nearly 40000 people among them are countless families including babies of the same ethnic group?	let's separate terrorism from freedom fighting of the oppressed ethnic minorities. https://t.co/EHH3ZYOLGi
RT @ingridlunden: I've covered a *lot* of workplace messaging platforms, but Threads has something to it that's different enough (not "bett…
Black Orchards, exclusive documentary film from TRT World on the Conflict of Karabakh (translates to black orchards) between Azerbaijan and Armenia https://t.co/08fVX9uVaU
“OFFSIDE” A short film by Thomas Goltz on the Soccer Team Aghdam of Karabakh https://t.co/9kx5LQcglh
World needs more rouge reporters like Thomas Goltz. A huge heart with brave soul to dive into humanity's tough conflicts to witness the dramatic stories first hand. A working link on the chapter from his book on Azerbaijan Diary: https://t.co/nzx9OmZsCZ https://t.co/mA8k4Ce3nH
RT @onewmphoto: BBC Azeri Interview with Thomas Goltz | https://t.co/bKqUSvgHcG #armenia #azerbaijan #karabakh #football #soccer https://t.…
RT @RealBankReform: .@RepAOC explains how credit bureaus profit off of consumer data:		"So consumers own their data, but credit bureaus col…
25.  P.  A.  M.  Dirac,  Proc.  Roy.  Soc.  London,  A  117  (1928)  610.
23.  W.  Pauli,  Ann.  Inst.  Poincaré,  6 (1936)  137  and  Phys.  Rev.,  58  (1940) 716. 		24.    L.  Landau  and  R.  Peierls,  Z.  Physik,  69 (1931) 56. Compare  also  the  author’s  article  in  Handbuch  der  Physik,  24,  Part  1,  1933,  Chap. A,§2.
21.    N.  Bohr  and  L.  Rosenfeld,  Kgl.  Danske  Videnskab.  Selskab.  Mat.  Fys.  Medd.,  12 [8]  (I933). 		22.    P.  Jordan  and  E.  Wigner,  Z.  Physik,  47 (1928)  63I. Compare  also  V.  Fock,  Z.  Physik,  75 (1932) 622.
20. Compare  for  the  following  the  author’s  report  in  Rev.  Mod.  Phys.,  13  (1941)203,  in which  older  literature  is  given.  See  also  W.  Pauli  and  V.  Weisskopf,  Helv.  Phys. Acta,  7  (1934)  809.
18.  R.  de  L.  Kronig,  Naturwiss.,  16  (1928)  335. W.  Heitler  und  G.  Herzberg,  Naturwiss.,  17  (1929)  673. 		19.  G.  N.  Lewis  and  M.  F.  Ashley,  Phys.  Rev.,  43  (1933) 837. G.  M.  Murphy  and  H.  Johnston,  Phys.  Rev.,  45  (1934)  550  and  46  (1934) 95.
15. W.  Pauli,  Naturwiss.,  12  (1924)  741. 		16. W.  Heisenberg,  Z.  Physik,  41  (1927) 239,  F.  Hund,  Z.  Physik,  42  (1927)  39. 		17.  D.  M.  Dennison,  Proc. Roy.  Soc.  London,  A  115 (1927)  483.
13. E.  Fermi,  Z.  Physik,  36 (1926)  902. P.  A.  M.  Dirac,  Proc.  Roy.  Soc.  London,  A  112  (1926)  661. 		14. S.  N.  Bose,  Z.  Physik,  26  (1924)  178 and  27  (1924)  384. A.  Einstein, Berl.  Ber.,  (1924)  261;  (1925) 1,  18.
the  Description  of  Nature, Cambridge  University  Press,  1934.  See  also  his  article  «  Light  and  Life  »,  Nature,  131 (1933)  421,  457. 		12. W.  Heisenberg,  Z.  Physik,  38  (1926)  411 and  39  (1926)  499.
with  the  first  part  of the  present  lecture. 		10.  The  Nobel  Lectures  of  W.  Heisenberg,  E.  Schrödinger,  and  P.  A.  M.  Dirac  are collected  in  Die  moderne  Atomtheorie,  Leipzig,  1934. 		11. The  articles  of  N.  Bohr  are  collected  in  Atomic  Theory  and
243. 		8.  Compare  Rapport  du  Sixième  Conseil  Solvay  de  Physique,  Paris,  1932,  pp.  217-225. 		9.  For  this  earlier  stage  of  the  history  of  the  exclusion  principle  compare  also  the author’s  note  in  Science,  103  (  1946) 213,  which  partly  coincides
5.  W.  Pauli,  Z.  Physik,  31  (1925)  765. 		6.  S.  Goudsmit  and  G.  Uhlenbeck,  Naturwiss.,  13  (1925)  953, Nature,  117  (1926)  264. 		7.  L.  H.  Thomas,  Nature,  117 (1926)  514,  and  Phil.  Mag.,  3  (1927)  1.  Compare  also  J. Frenkel,  Z.  Physik,  37  (1926)
1.  A.  Landé,  Z.  Physik,  5 (1921)  231 and  Z.  Physik,  7  (1921) 398,  Physik.  Z.,  22  (1921) 417. 		2.  W.  Pauli,  Z.  Physik,  16 (1923)  155. 		3.  W.  Pauli,  Z.  Physik,  31 (1925)  373. 		4.  E.  C.  Stoner,  Phil.  Mag.,  48  (1924)  719.
value  of  the  fine-structure  constant  and  will  thus  explain  the  atomistic structure  of  electricity,  which  is  such  an  essential  quality  of  all  atomic  sources of  electric  fields  actually  occurring  in  Nature.
..	From  the  point  of  view  of  logic,  my  report  on  «  Exclusion  principle  and quantum  mechanics  »    has  no  conclusion.  I  believe  that  it  will  only  be  possible to  write  the  conclusion  if  a  theory  will  be  established  which  will  determine the
description  of  our  system  by  a  wave  function  depending  on  integers  is  equivalent  to  an  ensemble  of  particles  with  wave functions  symmetrical  in  their  configuration  spaces.
specified  state  of  a  single  particle.  By  using  a  sequence  of  configuration  spaces  with  a  different  number  of  dimensions  corresponding  to the  different  possible  values  of  the  total  number  of  particles  present,  it  could easily  be  shown  that  this
As  the  total  energy  and  the  total  momentum  of  the  field  and,  in case  of  complex  fields,  also  its  total  electric  charge  turn  out  to  be  linear  functions  of  these  numbers,  they  can  be  interpreted  as  the  number  of  particles present  in  a
of  the  field.		The  result  of  the  formal  process  of  field  quantization  were  partly  very encouraging.  The  quantized  wave  fields  can  be  characterized  by  a  wave function  which  depends  on  an  infinite  sequence  of  (non-negative)  integers as  variables.
which  has  been  so  successful  in  passing  from  classical  point  mechanics  to  wave  mechanics.  It  should  not  be  forgotten,  however,  that  a  field  can  only  be  observed  with  help  of  its  interaction  with  test bodies  which  are  themselves  again  sources
quantization  the  interaction  of  the  field  with  the  sources.  Dealing  with this  problem,  one  tried  indeed  to  apply  the  same  mathematical  method  of passing  from  a  classical  system  to  a  corresponding  system  governed  by  the laws  of  quantum  mechanics
Especially  in  view  of  the  properties  of  the  radiation  in  the  thermodynamical  equilibrium  in  which  specific  properties  of  the  field  sources  do  not  play any  role,  it  seemed  to  be  justified  first  to  disregard  in  the  formal  process  of field
be  described  by  such  a  complex  field.  In  the particular  case  of  real  fields  this  four-vector  of  current  vanishes  identically.
four-vector  of  the  electric  current.  Its  fourth  component determines  the  electric  charge  density  and  can  assume  both  positive  and  negative  values.  It  is  possible  that  the  charged  mesons  observed  in  cosmic  rays have  integral  spins  and  thus  can
The  field  components  can  be  assumed  to  be  either  real  or  complex.  For  a complex  field,  in  addition  to  energy  and  momentum  of  the  field,  a  four-vector  can  be  defined  which  satisfies  the  continuity  equation  and  can  be interpreted  as  the
can  at  least  be  achieved  that  the  total  energy  after integration  over  space  is  always  positive.
It  is  satisfactory  that  for  these  simplest  cases  of  one-valued  fields  the  energy  density  is  a  positive  definite  quadratic  form  of  the field-quantities  and  their  first  derivatives  at  a  certain  point.  For  the  general case  of  one-valued  fields  it
wave  equation  of  the  second  order  in  which  the  term  proportional to  µ^2 has  to  be  included,  the  other  field  has  to  fulfill  equations  due  to  Proca which  are  a  generalization  of  Maxwell’s  equations  which  become  in  the particular  case  µ  =  0.
The  simplest  cases  of  one-valued  fields  are  the  scalar  field  and  a  field  consisting  of  a  four-vector  and  an  antisymmetric  tensor  like  the  potentials  and field  strengths  in  Maxwell’s  theory.  While  the  scalar  field  is  simply  fulfilling the  usual
polarization  of  plane  waves  as characteristic  for  fields  which,  as  a  result  of  their  quantization,  give  rise  to integer  spin  values.
the  number  of  possible  plane  waves  for  a given  frequency,  wave  number  and  direction  of  propagation,  is  for  a  nonvanishing  µ  always  odd.  Without  going  into  details  of  the  general  definition of  spin,  we  can  consider  this  property  of  the
the  dimension  of  a  reciprocal  length,  with  which  the rest-mass  m  in  the  particle  picture  is  connected  by  m  = h  µ/c,  where  c  is  the vacuum-velocity  of  light.  From  the  assumed  property  of  one-valuedness  of the  field  it  can  be  concluded,  that
energy  and  momentum  of  a  particle  claimed  in  relativistic  mechanics by  division  with  the  constant  factor    equal  to  Planck’s  constant  divided  by 2π.  Therefore,  there  will  appear  in  the  classical  field  equations,  in  general,  a new  constant  µ  with
superposition  of  plane  waves  as  a  general  solution.  Frequency  and  wave  number  of these  plane  waves  are  connected  by  a  law  which,  in  accordance  with  De Broglie’s  fundamental  assumption,  can  be  obtained  from  the  relation  between
in  the  following,  call such  fields  briefly  «  one-valued  »  fields.  So  long  as  interactions  of  different kinds  of  field  are  not  taken  into  account,  we  can  assume  that  all  field  components  will  satisfy  a  second-order  wave  equation,  permitting  a
non-relativistic  wave  mechanics.		We  first  consider  classical  fields 20, which,  like  scalars,  vectors,  and  tensors transform  with  respect  to  rotations  in  the  ordinary  space  according  to  a  one-valued  representation  of  the  rotation  group.  We  may,
compound  systems,  if  it  holds  for  all  of  its  constituents.  If  we  search  for  a  theoretical  explanation  of  this  law,  we  must  pass  to the  discussion  of  relativistic  wave  mechanics,  since  we  saw  that  it  can  certainly  not  be  explained  by
always  connected  with  antisymmetrical  states  (exclusion  principle),  an  integer  spin  with  symmetrical  states.  This  law  holds  not  only  for  protons  and  neutrons  but  also  for  protons  and  electrons.  Moreover,  it  can  easily be  seen  that  it  holds  for
In  order  to  prepare  for  the  discussion  of  more  fundamental  questions,  we want  to  stress  here  a  law  of  Nature  which  is  generally  valid,  namely,  the connection  between  spin  and  symmetry  class.  A  half-integer  value  of  the  spin quantum  number  is
the  exclusion principle  to  the  structure  of  compound  nuclei,  for  the  understanding  of which  this  principle  is  indispensable,  because  the  constituents  of  these  heavier nuclei,  the  protons  and  the  neutrons,  fullfil  it.
Such  a  state  is,  however, forbidden  by the exclusion  principle  in  accordance  with  experience,  because this  state  would  acquire  a  wave  function  symmetric  with  respect  to  the  two protons.  This  is  only  the  simplest  example  of  the  application  of
their  electric  charge.  If one  had  only  to  take  into  account  the  magnitude  of  the  interaction  energy, one  should  therefore  expect  a  stable  di-proton  or (M = 2, Z = 2) with nearly  the  same  binding  energy  as  the  deuteron.
fundamentally  different  from  electromagnetic  interactions. The  comparison  between  neutron-proton  scattering  and  proton-proton scattering  even  showed  that  the  forces  between  these  particles  are  in  good approximation  the  same,  that  means  independent  of
neutrons,  and  deuterons  will  give  us  further  information  about  the nature  of  the  forces  between  the  constituents  of  the  nuclei,  which,  at  present, is  not  yet  sufficiently  clear.  Already  now  we  can  say,  however,  that  these  interactions  are
The  simplest  possible  assumption  that this  spin  of  the  neutron  is  equal  to  ½,  just  as  the  spin  of  the  proton  and  of  the electron,  turned  out  to  be  correct. There  is  hope,  that  further  experiments  with  light  nuclei,  especially  with protons,
the  spin  I  =  1, as  could  be proved  by  the  investigation  of  the  band  spectra  of  a  molecule  with  two  deuterons 19 .  From  the  spin  value  I of  the  deuteron  can  be  concluded  that  the neutron  must  have  a  half-integer  spin.
the  neutrons  fulfill  the  exclusion  principle.		The  most  important  and  most  simple  crucial  example  for  a  nucleus  with  a different  parity  of  M  and  Z  is  the  heavy  hydrogen  or  deuteron  with  M  =  2 and  Z  =  1 which  has  symmetrical  states  and
that the  parity  of  M  determines  the  symmetry  class  :  For  an  even  M,  one  should always  have  symmetrical  states,  for  an  odd  M,  antisymmetrical  ones.  It  was the  latter  rule  that  was  confirmed  by  experiment  without  exception,  thus proving  that
In  case  the  neutrons would  have  symmetrical  states,  one  should  again  expect  that  the  parity  of the  charge  number  Z  determines  the  symmetry  class  of  the  nuclei.  If,  however,  the  neutrons  fulfill  the  exclusion  principle,  it  has  to  be  expected
After  the  discovery  of  the  neutron, the  nuclei  have  been  considered,  however,  as  composed  of  protons  and  neutrons  in  such  a  way  that  a  nucleus  with  mass  number  M  and  charge  number Z  should  consist  of  Z  protons  and  M  -  Z  neutrons.
nucleus.  It  had  to  be  expected then  that  the  parity  of  Z  determines  the  symmetry  class  of  the  whole  nucleus. Already  for  some  time  the  counter-example  of  nitrogen  has  been  known  to have  the  spin  Iand  symmetrical  states18.
the  sum  AI +  A2 +  .  .  . is  even  or odd.  This  holds  regardless  of  the  parity  of  S.  Earlier  one  tried  the  assumption that  nuclei  consist  of  protons  and  electrons,  so  that  M  is  the  number  of  protons,  M  -  Z  the  number  of  electrons  in  the
system  consisting  of  numbers  A1,  A2,  .  .  . of  different  constituents,  each  of  which  is  fulfilling  the  exclusion  principle, and  a  number  S  of  constituents  with  symmetrical  states,  one  has  to  expect symmetrical  or  antisymmetrical  states  if
predicted  slow  transformation  of  one  modification  into  the  other.		Among the symmetry classes for other nuclei  those with  a  different parity of  their  mass  number  M  and  their  charge  number  Z  are  of  a  particular  interest.  If  we  consider  a  compound
parallel  proton  spins;  para-H2:  even  rotational  quantum  numbers,  antiparallel  spins)  was  not  yet  reached.  As  you  know,  this  hypothesis  was  later, confirmed  by  the  experiments  of  Bonhoeffer  and  Harteck  and  of  Eucken, which  showed  the  theoretically
temperatures  were  removed  by  Dennison’s  hypothesis 17,  that  at this  low  temperature  the  thermal  equilibrium  between  the  two  modifications of  the  hydrogen  molecule  (ortho-H2: odd  rotational  quantum  numbers,
The  first  application  of  this  method  was  the  result  that  the  protons  have the  spin  ½  and  fulfill  the  exclusion  principle  just  as  the  electrons.  The  initial difficulties  to  understand  quantitatively  the  specific  heat  of  hydrogen  molecules  at  low
Therefore  the  ratio  of  the  weights of  the  rotational  states  with  different  parity  will  give  rise  to  two  different systems  of  band  spectra  with  different  intensities,  the  lines  of  which  are  alternating.
Transitions  between  one  state  with  an even  and  another  state  with  an  odd  rotational  quantum  number  will  be extremely  rare  as  they  can  only  be  caused  by  an  interaction  between  the orbital  motions  and  the  spins  of  the  nuclei.
rotational  quantum  number  to  the weight  of  states  with  an  odd  rotational  quantum  number  is  given  by  (I+  1) : I.  In  the  reverse  case  of  an  antisymmetrical  total  wave  function  of  the nuclei,  the  same  ratio  is  I  :  (I  +  1).
two  spins  in  the  same  direction  are  necessarily  symmetrical.  Therefore  the  conclusion  was  reached: If  the  total  wave  function of  space  coordinates  and  spin  indices  of  the  nuclei  is  symmetrical,  the  ratio of  the  weight  of  states  with  an  even
space  coordinates  of  the  two  nuclei. Further  there exist  among  the  (2 I  +  1)^2 spin  states  of  the  pair  of  nuclei,  (2 I  +  1)  (I  +  1) states  symmetrical  and  (2 I  +  1)I  states  antisymmetrical  in  the  spins,  since the  (2 I+  1)  states  with
It  could  easily  be  derived  that  in  the  ground  state  of  the  electron configuration  of  such  a  molecule  the  states  with  even  and  odd  values  of  the rotational  quantum  number  are  symmetric  and  antisymmetric  respectively for  a  permutation  of  the
In  order  to  determine  experimentally  also  the  symmetry  class  of  the  nuclei, other  methods  were  necessary.  The  most  convenient,  although  not  the  only one,  consists  in  the  investigation  of  band  spectra  due  to  a  molecule  with  two like  atoms 16 .
magnetooptic  transformation  of  the  hyperfine-structure  as  I  had  predicted  it.  Since that  time  the  hyperfine-structure  of  spectral  lines  became  a  general  method of  determining  the  nuclear  spin.
an  electron  spin.  It  was  only some  years  later  that  my  attempt  to  interpret  the  hyperfine-structure  could be  definitely  confirmed  experimentally  by  investigations  in  which  also  Zeeman  himself  participated  and  which  showed  the  existence  of  a
to  use  the  assumption  of  a  nuclear  spin  to  interpret  the  hyperfine-structure  of  spectral  lines 15.  This  proposal  met  on  the  one hand  strong  opposition  from  many  sides  but  influenced  on  the  other  hand Goudsmit  and  Uhlenbeck  in  their  claim  of
index  can  assume  2I  +  1 values  if  I  is  the  spin-quantum number  of  the  nucleus  which  can  be  either  an  integer  or  a  half-integer.  I  may include  the  historical  remark  that  already  in  1924,  before  the  electron  spin was  discovered,  I  proposed
The  important  question  of  the  symmetry  classes  for  nuclei,  however,  had still  to  be  investigated.  Of  course  the  symmetry  class  refers  here  also  to  the permutation  of  both  the  space  coordinates  and  the  spin  indices  of  two  like nuclei.  The  spin
antisymmetrical  class for  the  electron  occurs  together  with  the  half-integer  value  ½  for  the  spin.
to  light  waves  in  the  limit  where a  large  and  not  accurately  fixed  number  of  photons  is  present  in  a  single quantum  state.  We  note  that  the  symmetrical  class  for  photons  occurs  together  with  the  integer  value  I for  their  spin,  while  the
the  photons.  This  is  not  only  an  immediate  consequence  of  Planck’s  derivation  of  the  spectral  distribution  of  the  radiation energy  in  the  thermodynamical  equilibrium,  but  it  is  also  necessary  for  the applicability  of  the  classical  field  concepts
As  soon  as  the  symmetry  classes  for  electrons  were  cleared,  the  question arose  which  are  the  symmetry  classes  for  other  particles.  One  example  for particles  with  symmetrical  wave  functions  only  (assumption  II)  was  already known  long  ago,  namely
The  former  case could  be  applied  to  the  electrons  in  a  metal  and  could  be  used  for  the  interpretation  of  magnetic  and  other  properties  of  metals.
the  statistical  consequences  have  been  derived  by  Fermi  and  Dirac 13,  for the  symmetrical  class  the  same  had  been  done  already  before  the  discovery of  the  new  quantum  mechanics  by  Einstein  and  Bose 14.
possible  as  soon  as the  mean  De  Broglie  wavelength  of  a  gas  molecule  becomes  of  an  order  of magnitude  comparable  with  the  average  distance  between  two  molecules, that  is,  for  small  temperatures  and  large  densities.  For  the  antisymmetrical class
admitting  all symmetry  classes.		Even  for  an  ideal  gas,  in  which  the  interaction  energy  between  molecules can  be  neglected,  deviations  from  the  ordinary  equation  of  state  have  to  be expected  for  the  reason  that  only  one  class  of  symmetry  is
only  one  class  of  symmetry occurs  in  Nature.  The  density  of  quantum  states  of  the  whole  system  then really  becomes  smaller  by  a  factor  N!  in  comparison  with  the  density  which had  to  be  expected  according  to  an  assumption  of  the  type  I
In  the  light  of  the  result  of  wave  mechanics concerning  the  symmetry  classes,  this  division  by  N!,  which  had  caused  already  much  discussion,  can  easily  be  interpreted  by  accepting  one  of  our assumptions  II  and  III,  according  to  both  of  which
In  this  way  a  qualitative  distinction  between like  and  unlike  particles  was  already  preconceived  in  the  general  statistical mechanics,  a  distinction  which  Gibbs  tried  to  express  with  his  concepts  of  a generic  and  a  specific  phase.
to  divide  this  quotient  by  N! in  order  to  get  a  value  for  the  entropy  in  accordance  with  the  usual  postulate of  homogeneity  that  the  entropy  has  to  be  proportional  to  the  mass  for  a given  inner  state  of  the  substance.
corresponding  volume  of  the  multidimensional  phase  space  divided  by  hf,  where  h  is  Planck’s  constant  and  f  the number  of  degrees  of  freedom  of  the  whole  system.  However,  it  turned  out that  for  a  system  of  N  like  particles,  one  had  still
that  the  entropy  of  a  system  is  (apart from  a  constant  factor)  given  by  the  logarithm  of  the  number  of  quantum states  of  the  whole  system  on  a  so-called  energy  shell.  One  might  first  expect that  this  number  should  be  equal  to  the
larger  order  of  magnitude,  which  one called  exchange  energy.		Of  more  fundamental  significance  is  the  connection  of  the  symmetry classes  with  general  problems  of  the  statistical  theory  of  heat.  As  is  well known,  this  theory  leads  to  the  result
antisymmetrical  wave  functions  respectively  in  the  space coordinates  alone.  It  became  clear  that  the  energy  difference  between  corresponding  levels  of  the  two  classes  has  nothing  to  do  with  magnetic  interactions  but  is  of  a  new  type  of  much
The  latter  holds  only  so  long  as  an  interaction  between  the  spin  and the  orbital  motion  of  the  electron  can  be  neglected.  In  this  way  the  para- and  ortho-helium  spectra  could  be  interpreted  as  belonging  to  the  class  of symmetrical  and
Indeed,  besides the  rigorous  separation  of  the  wave  functions  into  symmetry  classes  with  respect  to  space-coordinates  and  spin  indices  together,  there  exists  an  approximate  separation  into  symmetry  classes  with  respect  to  space  coordinates alone.
In  the  paper  of  Heisenberg,  which  we  are  discussing,  he  was  also  able  to give  a  simple  explanation  of  the  existence  of  the  two  non-combining  spectra of  helium  which  I  mentioned  in  the  beginning  of  this  lecture.
We  shall resume  this  problem  when  we  discuss  relativistic  quantum  mechanics  but wish  to  give  first  an  account  of  further  results  of  the  application  of  wave mechanics  to  systems  of  several  like  particles.
all  classes  different  from  the  antisymmetrical  one.  The  impression that  the  shadow  of  some  incompleteness  fell  here  on  the  bright  light  of success  of  the  new  quantum  mechanics  seems  to  me  unavoidable.
formal  rules  in  use  at  that  time,  will  also  rigorously  deduce  the exclusion  principle.  Instead  of  it  there  was  for  electrons  still  an  exclusion:  not of  particular  states  any  longer,  but  of  whole  classes  of  states,  namely  the  exclusion  of
general  assumptions.  I  had  always  the  feeling  and  I  still  have  it  today,  that this  is  a  deficiency.  Of  course  in  the  beginning  I  hoped  that  the  new  quantum  mechanics,  with  the  help  of  which  it  was  possible  to  deduce  so  many half-empirical
This  situation  appeared  to  me  as  disappointing  in  an  important  respect. Already  in  my  original  paper  I  stressed  the  circumstance  that  I  was  unable  to give  a  logical  reason  for  the  exclusion  principle  or  to  deduce  it  from  more
identically  zero.  The  assumption  III  can  therefore  be  considered  as  the correct  and  general  wave  mechanical  formulation  of  the  exclusion  principle. It  is  this  possibility  which  actually  holds  for  electrons.
As  we  shall  see,  the  first  assumption  is  never  realized  in  Nature.  Moreover, it  is  only  the  third  assumption  that  is  in  accordance  with  the  exclusion  principle,  since  an  antisymmetrical  function  containing  two  particles  in  the  same state  is
of  several  like  particles  in  Nature. 	I.  This  ensemble  is  a  mixture  of  all  symmetry  classes. 	II.  Only  the  symmetrical  class  occurs. 	III.  Only  the  antisymmetrical  class  occurs.
particles  are  permuted,  and  the  antisymmetrical  class,  in  which  for  such a  permutation  the  wave  function  changes  its  sign.  At  this  stage  of  the  theory three  different  hypotheses  turned  out  to  be  logically  possible  concerning the  actual  ensemble
Among  the  different classes  of  symmetry,  the  most  important  ones  (which  moreover  for  two particles  are  the  only  ones)  are  the  symmetrical  class,  in  which  the  wave function  does  not  change  its  value  when  the  space  and  spin  coordinates  of two
by  an index  with  only  a  finite  number  of  possible  values.  For  electrons  this  number is  equal  to  two;  the  configuration  space  of  N  electrons  has  therefore  3  N space  dimensions  and  N  indices  of  «  two-valuedness  ».
classes  of  symmetry which  can  never  be  transformed  into  each  other  by  external  perturbations. In  the  term  «  configuration  space  »  we  are  including  here  the  spin  degree  of freedom,  which  is  described  in  the  wave  function  of  a  single  particle
As  a  consequence  of  the  impossibility  to  distinguish  one  of several  like  particles  from  the  other,  the  wave functions  describing  an  ensemble  of  a  given  number  of  like  particles  in  the configuration  space  are  sharply  separated  into  different
As  it  was  first  shown  by  Heisenberg 12, wave  mechanics  leads  to  qualitatively  different  conclusions  for  particles  of  the  same  kind  (for  instance  for electrons)  than  for  particles  of  different  kinds.
classical  physics  I  shall  discuss  more  particularly  in  the  following  the  position of  the  exclusion  principle  on  the  new  quantum  mechanics.
had  been  lost  since  Planck’s  discovery  of  the  quantum  of  action.  Without  discussing  further  the  change  of  the  attitude  of  modern  physics  to  such concepts  as  «  causality  »  and  «  physical  reality  »    in  comparison  with  the  older
Only  this  renouncement  concerning  the  old  claims  for  an  objective  description  of  the  physical phenomena,  independent  of  the  way  in  which  they  are  observed,  made  it possible  to  reach  again  the  self-consistency  of  quantum  theory,  which  actually
The  actual  observation  appears  as  an  event  outside  the  range  of  a  description  by  physical  laws and  brings  forth  in  general  a  discontinuous  selection  out  of  the  several  possibilities  foreseen  by  the  statistical  laws  of  the  new  theory.
quantum  mechanics  are  dealing  only  with  possibilities,  not  with  actualities.  They  have the  form  «  This  is  not  possible  »  or  «  Either  this  or  that  is  possible  »,  but  they can  never  say  «    That  will  actually  happen  then  and  there    ».
significance  of  the  new discipline  of  quantum  mechanics,  which  has  been  done,  among  others,  in  a number  of  articles  by  Bohr,  using  hereby  the  idea  of  «  complementarity  »  as  a new  central  concept 11.  I  shall  only  recall  that  the  statements  of
and  the  fundamental  character  of  these discoveries,  all  the  more  as  these  physicists  have  themselves  explained,  here in  Stockholm,  the  meaning  of  their  leading  ideas 10.  Nor  does  time  permit  me to  illustrate  in  detail  the  general  epistemological
the  exclusion  principle,  De  Broglie  formulated  his  idea  of  matter waves  and  Heisenberg  the  new  matrix-mechanics,  after  which  in  the  next year  Schrödinger’s  wave  mechanics  quickly  followed.  It  is  at  present  unnecessary  to  stress  the  importance
considered as  an  essentially  quantum-mechanical  property  of  the  electron 8,9.		The  subsequent  developments  were  determined  by  the  occurrence  of  the new  quantum  mechanics.  In  1925,  the  same  year  in  which  I  published  my paper  on
Bohr  was  able  to  show  on  the basis  of  wave  mechanics  that  the  electron  spin  cannot  be  measured  by  classically  describable  experiments  (as,  for  instance,  deflection  of  molecular beams  in  external  electromagnetic  fields)  and  must  therefore  be
Thomas’ calculations 7  on  the  magnitude  of  doublet splitting.  On  the  other  hand,  my  earlier  doubts  as  well  as  the  cautious  expression  «  classically  non-describable  two-valuedness  »  experienced  a  certain verification  during  later  developments,  since
Since  that  time,  the  exclusion  principle  has  been  closely  connected  with  the  idea  of  spin.  Although  at  first  I  strongly  doubted  the  correctness  of  this  idea  because  of  its  classical-mechanical  character,  I  was  finally converted  to  it  by
the  spin  quantum  number  of  one  electron  is equal  to  ½  and  that  the  quotient  of  the  magnetic  moment  to  the  mechanical angular  moment  has  for  the  spin  a  value  twice  as  large  as  for  the  ordinary  orbit of  the  electron.
terms  of  a  model  was  given  to  the  fourth  degree  of  freedom  of 	the  electron.  The  gap  was  filled  by  Uhlenbeck  and  Goudsmit’s  idea  of  electron  spin 6,	which  made  it  possible  to  understand  the  anomalous  Zeeman effect  simply  by  assuming  that
visit  to  Tübingen  with  the help  of  the  spectroscopic  material  assembled  there. With  the  exception  of  experts  on  the  classification  of  spectral  terms,  the physicists  found  it  difficult  to  understand  the  exclusion  principle,  since  no meaning  in
The  exposition  of  this  general  formulation  of  the  exclusion  principle  was  made  in  Hamburg  in  the  spring  of  1925 5, after  I  was able  to  verify  some  additional  conclusions  concerning  the  anomalous  Zeeman  effect  of  more  complicated  atoms  during  a
electron  is  carried  so  far  that  every  degeneracy  is  removed.  An  entirely  non-degenerate  energy  level  is  already  «  closed  », if  it  is  occupied  by  a  single  electron;  states  in  contradiction  with  this  postulate have  to  be  excluded.
The  fundamental  idea  can  be  stated  in  the  following  way: The  complicated  numbers  of  electrons  in  closed  subgroups  are  reduced  to the  simple  number  one  if  the  division  of  the  groups  by  giving  the  values  of the  four  quantum  numbers  of  an
which  corresponds  to  this  principal  quantum  number. 		On  the  basis  of  my  earlier  results  on  the  classification  of  spectral  terms  in  a strong  magnetic  field  the  general  formulation  of  the  exclusion  principle  became  clear  to  me.
For  a  given  value  of  the  principal  quantum  number  is  the  number  of energy  levels  of  a  single  electron  in  the  alkali  metal  spectra  in  an  external magnetic  field  the  same  as  the  number  of  electrons  in  the  closed  shell  of  the rare  gases
«  two-valuedness    not  describable  classically  » 3.  At  this  time  a  paper  of the  English  physicist,  Stoner,  appeared 4  which  contained,  besides  improvements  in  the  classification  of  electrons  in  subgroups,  the  following  essential remark:
In  the  autumn  of  1924 I  published  some  arguments  against  this  point  of view,  which  I  definitely  rejected  as  incorrect  and  proposed  instead  of  it  the assumption  of  a  new  quantum  theoretic  property  of  the  electron,  which  I called  a
According  to  the  point  of  view  then  orthodox,  which  was  also  taken over  by  Bohr  in  his  already  mentioned  lectures  in  Göttingen,  a  non-vanishing  angular  momentum  of  the  atomic  core  was  supposed  to  be  the  cause  of this  doublet  structure.
The  only  thing  that  was  clear  was  that  a  closer  relation  of  this  problem  to  the  theory  of  multiplet  structure  must  exist.  I  therefore  tried  to  examine  again  critically  the  simplest  case,  the  doublet  structure  of  the  alkali  spectra.
I  gave there  my  inaugural  lecture  as  Privatdozent  on  the  Periodic  System  of  Elements.  The  contents  of  this  lecture  appeared  very  unsatisfactory  to  me, since  the  problem  of  the  closing  of  the  electronic  shells  had  been  clarified  no further.
magneto-optic  transformation  (Paschen-Back  effect),  is  in  many  respects  simpler. This  early  work	was  of  decisive  importance  for  the  finding  of  the  exclusion  principle. Very  soon  after  my  return  to  the  University  of  Hamburg,  in  1923,
It  is  therefore  not  surprising that  I  could  not  find  a  satisfactory  solution  of  the  problem  at  that  time.  I  succeeded,  however,  in  generalizing  Landé’s  term  analysis  for  very  strong magnetic  fields 2,  a  case  which,  as  a  result  of  the
The  second  difficulty was  our  ignorance  concerning  the  proper  classical  model  itself  which could  be  suited  to  derive  at  all  an  anomalous  splitting  of  spectral  lines  emitted  by  an  atom  in  an  external  magnetic  field.
One was  the  absence  of  a  general  key  to  translate  a  given  mechanical  model  into  quantum  theory  which  one  tried  in  vain  by  using  classical  mechanics to  describe  the  stationary  quantum  states  themselves.
to  the same  triplet.  A  closer  investigation  of  this  problem  left  me  with  the  feeling that  it  was  even  more  unapproachable.  We  know  now  that  at  that  time  one was  confronted  with  two  logically  different  difficulties  simultaneously.
On  the  other  hand,  the  anomalous  splitting  was  hardly  understandable  from  the  standpoint  of  the  mechanical  model  of  the  atom,  since  very  general  assumptions  concerning  the electron,  using  classical  theory  as  well  as  quantum  theory,  always  led
observed  splitting  of  the  lines.  The  most  fundamental  of  his results  thereby  was  the  use  of  half-integers  as  magnetic  quantum  numbers for  the  doublet-spectra  of  the  alkali  metals.
a  magnetic  field  which  is  different  from  the  normal  triplet.  On  the  one  hand, the  anomalous  type  of  splitting  exhibited  beautiful  and  simple  laws  and  Landé  had  already  succeeded  to  find  the  simpler  splitting  of  the  spectroscopic terms  from  the
Following  Bohr’s  invitation,  I  went  to  Copenhagen  in  the  autumn  of  1922, where  I  made  a  serious  effort  to  explain  the  so-called  «  anomalous  Zeeman effect  »,  as  the  spectroscopists  called  a  type  of  splitting  of  the  spectral  lines  in
hold  for  the  closing  of  every  electron shell  and  in  which  the  number  2 was  considered  to  be  as  essential  as  8  in contrast  to  Sommerfeld’s  approach.
However,  no  convincing  explanation  for  this  phenomenon  could  be  given  on  the  basis  of  classical  mechanics.  It  made  a  strong impression  on  me  that  Bohr  at  that  time  and  in  later  discussions  was  looking for  a  general  explanation  which  should
his  earlier  works.  In  his  Göttingen  lectures  he  treated  particularly the  closing  of  this  innermost  K-shell  in  the  helium  atom  and  its  essential connection  with  the  two  non-combining  spectra  of  helium,  the  ortho-  and para-helium  spectra.
shells  of  the  atom  and  the  general  properties  of  the  rare  earths.  The  question, as  to  why  all  electrons  for  an  atom  in  its  ground  state  were  not  bound  in  the innermost  shell,  had  already  been  emphasized  by  Bohr  as  a  fundamental problem  in
the  Periodic  System  of  Elements.  I  shall  recall  only  briefly  that  the  essential  progress made  by  Bohr’s  considerations  at  that  time  was  in  explaining,  by  means  of the  spherically  symmetric  atomic  model,  the  formation  of  the  intermediate
A new phase  of  my  scientific  life  began  when  I  met  Niels  Bohr  personally for  the  first  time.  This  was  in  1922,  when  he  gave  a  series  of  guest  lectures  at Göttingen,  in  which  he  reported  on  his  theoretical  investigations  on
including  the  remark  of  the  Swedish  physicist,  Rydberg,  that  these  numbers are  of  the  simple  form  2n^2, if  n  takes  on  all  integer  values.  Sommerfeld  tried especially  to  connect  the  number  8  and  the  number  of  corners  of  a  cube.
Both methods,  which  did  not  appear  to  me  irreconcilable,  influenced  me.  The series  of  whole  numbers  2,  8,  18,  32...  giving  the  lengths  of  the  periods  in the  natural  system  of  chemical  elements,  was  zealously  discussed  in  Munich,
as  independent  of  models  as  possible,  of  the  laws  of spectra  in  terms  of  integral  numbers,  following,  as  Kepler  once  did  in  his investigation  of  the  planetary  system,  an  inner  feeling  for  harmony.
This  was  the  direction  which  was  taken  by  Bohr’s «  correspondence  principle  ».  Sommerfeld,  however,  preferred,  in  view  of the  difficulties  which   blocked  the  use  of  the  concepts  of  kinematical  models, a  direct  interpretation,
One  was  an  effort  to  bring  abstract  order to  the  new  ideas  by  looking  for  a  key  to  translate  classical  mechanics  and electrodynamics  into  quantum  language  which  would  form  a  logical  generalization  of  these.
when  he came  to  know  of  Bohr’s  «  basic  postulate  of  quantum  theory  »  for  the  first time.  At  that  time  there  were  two  approaches  to  the  difficult  problems  connected  with  the  quantum  of  action.
structure  of  the  atom  -  somewhat  strange  from  the point  of  view  of  classical  physics.  I  was  not  spared  the  shock  which  every physicist,  accustomed  to  the  classical  way  of  thinking,  experienced
students  days  in  Munich.  While,  in  school  in  Vienna,  I  had  already  obtained  some  knowledge  of  classical  physics  and  the  then  new  Einstein  relativity  theory,  it  was  at  the  University  of  Munich  that  I  was  introduced  by Sommerfeld  to  the
Exclusion  principle  and  quantum  mechanics Nobel  Lecture,  December  13,  1946 		The  history  of  the  discovery  of  the  «    exclusion  principle  »,  for  which  I  have received  the  honor  of  the  Nobel  Prize  award  in  the  year  1945,  goes  back  to my
pdf :		https://t.co/Qbkc2wHM62		https://t.co/Fegb1oP83l
Wolfgang Pauli married Franciska Bertram on April 4th, 1934. He died in Zurich on December 15th, 1958.
his Quantum Theory in Handbuch der Physik, Vol. 23 (1926), and his Principles of Wave Mechanics in Handbuch der Physik, Vol. 24 (1933).
elementary particles. 		He has written many articles on problems of theoretical physics, mostly quantum mechanics, in scientific journals of many countries; his Theory of Relativity appears in the Enzyklopaedie der Mathematischen Wissenschaften, Volume 5, Part 2 (1920),
Pauli helped to lay the foundations of the quantum theory of fields and he participated actively in the great advances made in this domain around 1945. 		Earlier, he had further consolidated field theory by giving proof of the relationship between spin and”statistics” of
Pauli was the first to recognize the existence of the neutrino, an uncharged and massless particle which carries off energy in radioactive ß-disintegration; this came at the beginning of a great decade, prior to WW II, for his centre of research in theoretical physics at Zurich.
His exclusion principle, which is often quoted bearing his name, crystallized the existing knowledge of atomic structure at the time it was postulated and it led to the recognition of the two-valued variable required to characterize the state of an electron.
https://t.co/uv6rFEXA7k	Pauli was outstanding among the brilliant mid-twentieth century school of physicists. He was recognized as one of the leaders when, barely out of his teens and still a student, he published a masterly exposition of the theory of relativity.
It was later discovered that protons and neutrons in nuclei could also be assigned quantum numbers and that Pauli's principle applied here too.
In 1925, Wolfgang Pauli introduced two new numbers and formulated the Pauli principle, which proposed that no two electrons in an atom could have identical sets of quantum numbers.
In Niels Bohr's model of the atom, electrons move in fixed orbits around a nucleus. As this model developed, electrons were assigned certain quantum numbers corresponding to distinct states of energy and movement.
Born:25 April 1900, Vienna, Austria		Died:15 December 1958, Zurich, Switzerland		Affiliation at the time of the award:		Princeton University, Princeton, NJ
The Nobel Prize in Physics 1945		Wolfgang Pauli		Prize share: 1/1		Prize motivation: "for the discovery of the Exclusion Principle, also called the Pauli Principle."	 https://t.co/KiKlwUy3Fk
RT @preskill: Slides from my talk today at the @doescience quantum information science kick off meeting: "Opportunities at the entanglement…
RT @preskill: Should the world invest tens of billions of dollars (over an extended period) in the next particle collider? It's a complex q…
RT @IQIM_Caltech: .@IQIM_Caltech This #WomenInScience day we celebrate our #QuantumWomen advancing the frontiers of quantum information sci…
RT @preskill: MIT announces Center for Quantum Engineering (CQE), led by Will Oliver. "CQE will also establish the Quantum Engineering Indu…
RT @QIPConference: Videos to all #qip2019 talks (tutorials, invited, contributed) are now available! Head over to https://t.co/QBNowJhQCA a…
RT @preskill: Mike Witherell of @BerkeleyLab, on the challenge faced by @DOEScience Quantum Information Labs: Getting Materials, Quantum Co…
becomes manifest on macroscopic scales. Our work spans a wide range of cutting edge research, from superconductivity and nanotechnology, to exotic phases of matter and quantum computation!
The Institute for Quantum Information and Matter (IQIM) at Caltech is the newest Physics Frontiers Center supported by the National Science Foundation and the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation. Here at IQIM, we study physical systems in which the weirdness of the quantum world
the Physics Frontiers Centers to tap into the collective intelligence and skills of, otherwise, autonomous research groups.
Excerpt:	Every now and then, an area of research becomes so promising and complex, that coordinating the efforts of individual researchers accelerates progress towards groundbreaking discoveries. In that light, the Division of Physics at the National Science Foundation introduced
https://t.co/x9RwljPDUk
https://t.co/WGWH8i5lyi
Symmetries and quantum error correction https://t.co/1DaMcvcSbj via @IQIM_Caltech
About https://t.co/i7aP8z4eb4 via @IQIM_Caltech
RT @mcnees: Wolfgang Pauli, who postulated a "non-classically describable two-valuedness" of electrons which led to the idea of spin and hi…
RT @marinamaral2: Wolfgang Pauli formulated the exclusion principle which explains the entire table of elements. Pauli’s sharp tongue was l…
RT @sciencemuseum: Paul Dirac, the English physicist and Nobel laureate was born #OnThisDay in 1902. He's pictured here with Wolfgang Pauli…
@millar_windy66 @marcuschown neutrinos are the keys to cosmology and may be the key for our understanding the gravity and its yet unresolved interactions with quantum field and em forces, gateway to understand universe and how exactly we are part of it. Cosmic mw background waves, tomography of deep earth.
RT @mcnees: “Dear Radioactive Ladies and Gentlemen”	Wolfgang Pauli sent a letter to a group of nuclear physicists #OTD in 1930, proposing a…
RT @SpringerNature: Wolfgang Pauli, Austrian-born Swiss and American theoretical physicist, died #OnThisDay in 1958. One of the pioneers of…
RT @sbembenek18: Wolfgang Pauli (1900–# OTD 1958) is best known for his exclusion principle: no two electrons in an atom can occupy the sam…
RT @NobelPrize: 'The Pauli Effect', named after theoretical physicist &amp; #NobelPrize laureate Wolfgang Pauli (who passed away on 15 Dec 1958…
RT @ETH_physics: As a young postdoc, Glauber spent a couple of months at @ETH_en Zurich to work with Wolfgang Pauli, during which time Glau…
RT @NobelPrize: The fascination with the Tippe Top -  a toy formed like a top that when spun, will spontaneously invert itself to spin on i…
RT @RSEF_ESP: January 1925: Wolfgang Pauli announces the exclusion principle https://t.co/o1Zrc42kLp https://t.co/B5rTvvF46e
RT @skdh: Someone recently compared me to a dinghy that has the right of way over a tanker ship. I could have the best arguments in the wor…
Backreaction: Maybe I&amp;#8217;m crazy: https://t.co/QhhB2ZqdtA
RT @TeresaRobeson: @OntheScenein19 @June_Smalls @Notable19s @NewInNineteen @Soaring20sPB @Perfect2020PBs @picturebookbuzz My debut is about…
something went wrong, and he discussed it with his friend and therapist Carl Jung. "Sometimes after a Pauli Effect, he felt relieved," Miller says. "He would feel a great deal of energy suddenly building up in him, and then the energy emerged, and the Pauli Effect occurred."
It was all enough to cause Nobel laureate Otto Stern to forbid Pauli from entering his laboratory. Even Pauli believed the curse was real. According to Arthur Miller, author of 137: Jung, Pauli, and the Pursuit of a Scientific Obsession, Pauli was the first to blame the curse if
He was also cursed.	...
Excerpt:	Wolfgang Pauli was among the most brilliant physicists of the 20th century. Pauli, a professor of theoretical physics at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, proposed the existence of the neutrino in 1930 and won the Nobel Prize in 1945 for the exclusion principle. https://t.co/lU9tN67dz2
RT @BenSteelmanSN: Feb. 23, 1927: In a letter to physicist Wolfgang Pauli, Werner Heisenberg first outlines his famed "Uncertainty Principl…
RT @thepainterflynn: Today in 1927  German theoretical physicist Werner Heisenberg writes a letter to fellow physicist Wolfgang Pauli, in w…
RT @curiouswavefn: #OTD in 1927: Werner Heisenberg describes his famed uncertainty principle for the first time in a letter to Wolfgang Pau…
RT @hey_1028: "There is no God and Dirac is his Prophet."--by Wolfgang Pauli
It was decided that the four of them would do the calculation independently (remember, we are talking about elementary physics here). When they got together the result was 2-2. They finally broke the deadlock by counting Einstein’s vote twice. – W. Furry (reconstructed)
As it happened, each found an error, so they were still in disagreement. At this point they went to their mentor, Paul Ehrenfest, who happened to have a distinguished visitor named Albert Einstein.
In other words, there are many opportunities to go wrong, and many do. Well, the story goes, each man did the calculation and when they compared notes they found they had opposite results. One of them had obviously made a mistake, so they went back to check their calculations.
This involved the kind of calculation that all pjysics students suffer through in which polarity, direction of spin, direction of magnetic field, the “right-hand rule”, etc., get all confused and make the head spin (no pun intended).
After Uhlenbeck and Goudsmit had the idea that electron spin might explain the anomalous spectroscopic results, there remained the crucial task of determining if the effect is in the right direction.
The next step was to see if this idea is consistent with experiment. During a course at Harvard University, Prof. Wendell Furry gave the following account of how this happened (as best I recall):
“That fits precisely in our hydrogen scheme which we wrote about four weeks ago. If one now allows the electron to be magnetic with the appropriate magnetic moment, then one can understand all those com­plicated Zeeman-effects." – S. Goudsmit
It means that there is a fourth degree of freedom for the electron. It means that the electron has a spin, that it rotates”… I asked him: “What is a degree of freedom?” In any case, when he made his remark, it was luck that I knew all these things about the spectra, and I said:
Then Uhlenbeck appears on the scene… he asked all those questions I had never asked… When the day came that I had to tell Uhlenbeck about the Pauli principle – of course using my own quantum numbers – then he said to me: “But don’t you see what this implies?
"The Pauli principle was published early in 1925… if I had been a good physi­cist, then I would have noticed already in May 1925 that this implied that the electron possessed spin. But I was not a good physicist and thus I did not realize this…
Here is the story in Goudsmit’s delightful and self-effacing words – a story that conveys the groping and uncertainty that exist in the struggle to understand nature, as contrasted with the logic and certainty that are imposed after the battle is won.
George Uhlenbeck and Samuel Goudsmit were studying certain details of spectral lines known as the anomalous Zeeman effect. 	This eventually led them to the realization that Pauli’s fourth quantum number must relate to electron spin.
The significance was found that same year by two Dutch physics students.
while two other numbers represent angular momentum, which has to do with the shape and orientation of the orbit. 	However Pauli could find no physical significance for the fourth quantum number, which was needed empirically.
In other words, once a given state is occupied, all other electrons are excluded from that state. 	Pauli realized that one of the numbers must represent energy, which is related to the distance from the nucleus (if we regard the states as orbits),
He showed that the various atomic spectra would make sense if the electron states in an atom are described by four quantum numbers and if each of these states is occupied by only one electron.
Einstein’s theory. The article was so brilliant that when Einstein read it he commented that perhaps Pauli knew more about relativity than he himself did.	In 1925, five years before postulating the neutrino, Pauli introduced his Exclusion Principle.
Wolfgang Pauli was born in Vienna in the same year that 	Max Planck introduced quantization. 	He was five when Einstein published his theory of relativity. 	At the age of 19, while a student at the University of Munich, he was asked to write an encyclopedia article on
Let's get started with spins		https://t.co/ertOdBBYHO
link corrected [35] Mark Srednicki, Quantum Field Theory, Cambridge Univ. Press, 2007. Also available at	https://t.co/8B1pftP5S3 .
The algebra of grand unified theories		       John Baez and John Huerta 		https://t.co/LWfjShpjdW
Grand Unified Theory (GUT)	https://t.co/FvcD5klRVk
Theory of Everything (TOE)	https://t.co/PlcfGBHWpH
Grand Unified Theory (GUT)	https://t.co/FvcD5klRVk
https://t.co/DAYRuPjiAU
Ask Ethan: What's The Difference Between A Fermion And A Boson? via @forbes https://t.co/7SjJuuBQgQ
The Standard Model of Fundamental Particles and Interactions	CPEP	https://t.co/dqOl3XCBY4 https://t.co/qEmEuCU7Tz
disconnected. The rail enables the vehicle’s batteries to be recharged while powering its passage.	The system also calculates the vehicle’s energy consumption, which enables electricity costs to be debited per vehicle and user.
When overtaking, the contact is automatically raised.		The rail, which is connected to the power grid, also functions automatically. It is divided into sections and each individual section is powered only when a vehicle is above it. When a vehicle stops, the current is
eRoadArlanda’s technical solution transfers energy from a rail in the road to the vehicle, using a movable arm. The arm detects the location of the rail in the road and as long as the vehicle is above the rail, the contact will be in a lowered position.
via conductors in the road.   eRoadArlanda has chosen to test and develop conductive feeds from below, the method that we have deemed will have the greatest potential to succeed.
There are several methods of building electrified roads. Inductive technology involves a magnetic transmission of energy. Conductive technology allows for electricity to be supplied in two ways: contact from above through overhead lines or from below via 	https://t.co/5pj74aJsml
of the  transuranic  elements,  as  many  of  them  might  be  found  to  be  products  of  a  splitting of  uranium.
higher  energies.  A  thin  cadmium  sheet  is  therefore  used  for filtering  the  thermal  neutrons  out  of  the  complex  radiation  that  comes  out of  a  paraffin  block  containing  a  neutron  source  inside.
Some elements,  especially  cadmium,  have  their  characteristic  absorption  band  overlapping  with  the  absorption  in  the  thermal  region.  This  element  absorbs therefore  very  strongly  the  thermal  neutrons,  while  it  is  almost  transparent to  neutrons  of
before  reaching  the  ground  state.  The   γ-rays  emitted  by this  process  were  investigated  by  Rasetti  and  by  Fleischmann.
All  the  processes  of  capture  of  slow  neutrons  by  any  nucleus  are  generally accompanied  by  the  emission  of  γ-rays  :  Immediately  after  the  capture  of  the neutron,  the  nucleus  remains  in  a  state  of  high  excitation  and  emits  one  or more  γ-quanta,
one  should  expect  the  intensity  of  the  activation  by  slow  neutrons  to  depend upon  the  temperature  of  the  paraffin.
reached  this lowest  limit  of  energy,  either  they  escape  by  diffusion  out  of  the  paraffin,  or are  captured  by  some  nucleus.  If  the  neutron  energy  reaches  the  thermal  value,
The  thermal  neutrons 	If  the  neutrons  could  go  on  indefinitely  diffusing  inside  the  paraffin,  their energy  would  evidently  reach  finally  a  mean  value  equal  to  that  of  thermal agitation.  It  is  possible,  however,  that,  before  the  neutrons  have
Before  discussing  this  point,  as well  as  the  dependence  of  the  capture  cross-section  on  the  energy  of  the neutrons  we  shall  first  consider  how  far  down  the  energy  of  the  primary neutrons  can  be  reduced  by  the  collisions  against  the  protons.
behaviour  of  different  elements  in  this  respect  is widely  different;  the  cross-section  for  the  capture  of  slow  neutrons  varies, with  no  apparent  regularity  for  different  elements,  from  about  10^-24 cm2 or  less,  to  about  a  thousand  times  as  much.
To  the  large  cross-section  for  the  capture  of  slow  neutrons  by  several atoms,  there  must  obviously  correspond  a  very  strong  absorption  of  these atoms  for  the  slow  neutrons.  We  investigated  systematically  such  absorptions,  and  found  that  the
thus  accounting  for  the  larger  intensities  of  activation  observed  when  irradiation  is  performed  inside  a  large  mass of  paraffin  or  water.
Both  theory  and  experiment  show  that  certain  types  of  neutron  reactions, and  especially  those  of  type  (3), occur  with  a  much  larger  cross-section  for slow  neutrons  than  for  fast  neutrons,
It  follows  that,  when  neutrons  of  high  energy  are  shot  by  a  source  inside  a  large  mass  of  paraffin  or  water,  they  very rapidly  lose  most  of  their  energy  and  are  transformed  into  "slow  neutrons".
it  can  be  shown  that  a neutron  having  an  initial  energy  of  10^6 volts,  after  about  20  impacts  against hydrogen  atoms  has  its  energy  already  reduced  to  a  value  close  to  that  corresponding  to  thermal  agitation.
The  neutron  and  the proton  having  approximately  the  same  mass,  any  elastic  impact  of  a  fast neutron  against  a  proton  initially  at  rest,  gives  rise  to  a  distribution  of  the available  kinetic  energy  between  neutron  and  proton;
A  similar  effect  is  produced  by  water,  and in  general  by  substances  containing  a  large  concentration  of  hydrogen.  Substances  not  containing  hydrogen  show  sometimes  similar  features,  though extremely  less  pronounced.
A  careful  investigation  of  these  effects  led  to  the unexpected  result  that  surrounding  both  source  and  body  to  be  activated with  masses  of  paraffin,  increases  in  some  cases  the  intensity  of  activation  by a  very  large  factor  (up  to  100).
The  slow  neutrons The  intensity  of  the  activation  as  a  function  of  the  distance  from  the  neutron source  shows  in  some  cases  anomalies  apparently  dependent  on  the  objects that  surround  the  source.
The  final  result  is  therefore  identical  with  the  products  obtained by  means  of  the  nuclear  photoeffect  (Bothe),  or  by  bombardment  with  fast deuterons.
does  not  remain  bound  in  the  nucleus,  but  knocks  off instead,  one  of  the  nuclear  neutrons  out  of  the  nucleus;  the  result  is  a  new nucleus,  that  is  isotopic  with  the  original  one  and  has  an  atomic  weight  less by  one  unit.
It  should  be  noticed  here,  that  besides  processes  (1),  (2),  and  (3)  for the  production  of  artificial  radioactivity  with  neutrons,  neutrons  of  sufficiently  high  energy  can  react  also  as  follows,  as  was  first  shown  by  Heyn: The  primary  neutron
*  The  discovery  by  Hahn  and  Strassmann  of  barium  among  the  disintegration  products of  bombarded  uranium,  as  a  consequence  of  a  process  in  which  uranium  splits  into two  approximately  equal  parts,  makes  it  necessary  to  reexamine  all  the  problems
It  is  known  that  O.  Hahn  and  L.  Meitner  have  investigated  very  carefully and  extensively  the  decay  products  of  irradiated  uranium,  and  were  able  to trace  among  them  elements  up  to  the  atomic  number  96.*
uranium  down  to  the  atomic  number  86.  We  concluded  that  the  carriers were  one  or  more  elements  of  atomic  number  larger  than  92  ;  we,  in  Rome,	use to call  the  elements  93  and  94  Ausenium  and  Hesperium  respectively.
We attempted,  since  the  spring  of  1934,  to  isolate  chemically  the  carriers  of  these activities,  with  the  result  that  the  carriers  of  some  of  the  activities  of  uranium are  neither  isotopes  of  uranium  itself,  nor  of  the  elements  lighter  than
Both  elements  show  a  rather  strong,  induced  activity  when  bombarded with  neutrons;  and  in  both  cases  the  decay  curve  of  the  induced  activity shows  that  several  active  bodies  with  different  mean  lives  are  produced.
that can  be  immediately  distinguished,  by  absorption,  from  the  β-activity  induced by  the  neutrons.
For  the  investigation of  these  elements  it  is  necessary  to  purify  first  the  element  as  thoroughly  as possible  from  the  daughter  substances  that  emit  β-particles.  When  thus  purified,  both  thorium  and  uranium  emit  spontaneously  only  α-particles,
they  give  rise  to  an  exponentially  decaying  activity.  A  very  striking exception  to  this  behaviour  is  found  for  the  activities  induced  by  neutrons in  the  naturally  active  elements  thorium  and  uranium.
As  mentioned  before,  the  heavy  elements  usually  react  only  according to  process  (3)  and  therefore,  but  for  certain  complications  to  be  discussed later,  and  for  the  case  in  which  the  original  element  has  more  than  one  stable isotope,
and  Al (M=28)  with  a  period  of  2  to  3  minutes  by  process  (3).
For  instance,  neutron  bombardment  of  aluminium  that  has a  single  isotope Al (M=27),  gives  rise  to  three  radioactive  products:  	Na (M=24),  with  a half-period  of  15  hours  by  process  (1);  	Mg (M=27),  with  a  period  of  IO  minutes by  process  (2);
The  reactions  of  the  types  (1) and  (2)  occur  chiefly  among  the  light  elements,  	while  those  of  the  type  (3) are  found  very  often  also  for  heavy  elements.  		In  many  cases  the  three  processes  are  found  at  the  same  time  in  a single  element.
to  artificial  radioactivity  :	neutron (Z=0, M=1) resulting in 		1. He (Z=2, M=4) reducing Atom's Z by 2 and M by 3. 		2. H  (Z=1, M=1) reducing Atom's Z by 1		3. Increasing Atom's M by 1
show  any  marked  dependence  on  the  atomic  weight  of  the  element. Chemical  analysis  and  other  considerations,  mainly  based  on  the  distribution of  the  isotopes,  permitted  further  to  identify  the  following  three  types  of nuclear  reactions  giving  rise
one  minute. 	The  results  of  this  first  survey  of  the  radioactivities  produced  by  neutrons can  be  summarized  as  follows:  	Out  of  63  elements  investigated,  37  showed an  easily  detectable  activity;  the  percentage  of  the  activatable  elements  did not
In most  cases  we  performed  also  a  chemical  analysis,  in  order  to  identify  the chemical  element  that  was  the  carrier  of  the  activity.  For  short  living  substances,  such  an  analysis  must  be  performed  very  quickly,  in  a  time  of  the order  of
A  systematic  investigation  of  the  behaviour  of  the  elements  throughout the  Periodic  Table  was  carried  out  by  myself,  with  the  help  of  several  collaborators,  namely  Amaldi,  d’Agostino,  Pontecorvo,  Rasetti,  and  Segré.
features  of  the  radon  +  beryllium  sources.
This  number  is  of course  very  small  compared  to  the  yield  of  neutrons  that  can  be  obtained from  cyclotrons  or  from  high-voltage  tubes.  The  small  dimensions,  the  perfect  steadiness  and  the  utmost  simplicity  are,  however,  sometimes  very  useful
As  source  of  neutrons  in  these  researches  I  used  a  small  glass  bulb  containing  beryllium  powder  and  radon.  With  amounts  of  radon  up  to  800  millicuries  such  a  source  emits  about  2  x  10^7 neutrons  per  second.
correspondingly  larger  than  in  the  case of  the  α-particle  or  the  proton  bombardment.  As  a  matter  of  fact,  neutrons were  already  known  to  be  an  efficient  agent  for  producing  some  nuclear disintegrations.
without having  to  overcome  the  potential  barrier,  due  to the  Coulomb  field  that  surrounds  the  nucleus.		Furthermore,  since  neutrons practically  do  not  interact  with  electrons,  their  range  is  very  long,  and  the probability  of  a  nuclear  collision  is
Indeed  neutrons  are  emitted  as  products  of nuclear  reactions,  whose yield  is  only  seldom  larger  than  10^-4.  This  drawback  is,  however,  compensated  by  the  fact  that  neutrons,  having  no  electric  charge,  can  reach  the nuclei  of  all  atoms,
the  effects  of  the  bombardment  with  neutrons.		Compared  with  α-particles,  the  neutrons  have  the  obvious  drawback  that the  available  neutron  sources  emit  only  a  comparatively  small  number  of neutrons.
Immediately  after  these  discoveries,  it  appeared  that  α-particles  very  likely did  not  represent  the  only  type  of  bombarding  projectiles  for  producing artificial  radioactivity.  I  decided  therefore  to  investigate  from  this  point  of view
succeeded  also  in  separating  chemically  the  activity from  the  bulk  of  the  unmodified  atoms  of  the  bombarded  substance.
These  authors  obtained  the  first  cases  of  artificial  radioactivity  by  bombarding  boron,  magnesium,  and  aluminium  with  α-particles  from  a  polonium  source.  	They  produced  thus  three  radioactive  isotopes  of  	nitrogen,  silicon  and  phosphorus,  and
the  so-called  artificial  radioactivity, and  was  discovered  by  Joliot  and  Irene  Curie  at  the  end  of  the  year  1933.
electric  charge  (positive  or  negative),  until  it  finally  reaches  a  stable form.  The  emission  of  electrons  that  follows  with  a  lag  in  time  the  first  practically  instantaneous  disintegration,  is
is  not  the  case.  The  product  nucleus  is  then  different  from  all "natural"  nuclei;  the  reason  being  that  the  product  nucleus  is  not  stable.  It disintegrates  further,  with  a  mean  life  characteristic  of  the  nucleus,  by  emission  of  an
the  original  one;  different  in general  both  in  electric  charge  and  in  atomic  weight.		The  nucleus  that  remains  as  disintegration  product  coincides  sometimes with  one  of  the  stable  nuclei,  known  from  the  isotopic  analysis;  very  often, however,  this
struck  nucleus  occurs,  as  a  consequence of  which  the  α-particle  remains  captured  inside  the  nucleus  and  a  different particle,  in  many  cases  a  proton,  is  emitted  in  its  place.  What  remains  at  the end  of  the  process  is  a  nucleus  different  from
only  nineteen  years  ago  by  the  late  Lord  Rutherford,  who started  the  method  of  the  nuclear  bombardments.  He  showed  on  a  few  examples  that,  when  the  nucleus  of  a  light  element  is  struck  by  a  fast  α-particle, some  disintegration  process  of  the
Although  the  problem  of  transmuting  chemical  elements  into  each  other is  much  older  than  a  satisfactory  definition  of  the  very  concept  of  chemical element,  it  is  well  known  that  the  first  and  most  important  step  towards  its solution  was  made
RT @DeptofDefense: Live: @US_Stratcom Gen. John E. Hyten and @USNorthernCmd Gen. Terrence J. O'Shaughnessy testify at the SASC hearing. htt…
not the ordinary oxygen atom, an atom that has eight neutrons in the nucleus, but an oxygen atom with nine neutrons. This meant that an oxygen isotope had been obtained. This occurs in nature, although rarely; among 12,500 ordinary oxygen atoms, one oxygen isotope is found.
"On December 2, 1942, man achieved here the first self-sustaining chain reaction and thereby initiated the controlled release of nuclear energy."
As an aid in this investigation, Fermi served as a consultant in the design of the University's synchrocyclotron.
Sciences has awarded you the Nobel Prize for Physics for 1938 for your discovery of new radioactive substances belonging to the entire field of the elements and for the discovery, which you made in the course of your studies, of the selective powers of the slow neutrons.
beyond the element up to now held to be the heaviest, namely uranium with rank number 92. Fermi even succeeded in producing two new elements, 93 and 94 in rank number. These new elements he called Ausenium and Hesperium.	..		Professor Fermi. The Royal 	Swedish Academy of
the first product of disintegration should be an element with 93 positive electric charges and a new element would thus have been found, lying outside the old series. Fermi’s researches on uranium made it most probable that a series of new elements could be found, which exist
This general pattern that Fermi has found to be the rule when heavy substances are subjected to irradiation by neutrons, took on special interest when applied by him to the last element in the series of elements, viz. uranium, which has rank number 92. Following this process,
negative electrons – as can be proved – are projected and new substances are formed with higher positive charges, and therefore substances with higher rank number.
several days.	As we have said, during the irradiation of heavy elements by neutrons, the neutrons are captured and incorporated in the nucleus, and an isotope is thus formed of the primary substance, and this isotope is radioactive. When the isotope decays, however,
A certain number of these has effects stronger than radium as regards radioactivity. Of these substances, more than half were products of bombardment by neutrons. The half-lives of these artificial radioactive substances appear comparatively short, varying from one second to
With low-speed neutrons, Fermi and his co-workers were successful in producing radioactive isotopes of all the elements with the exception of hydrogen and helium and part of the radioactive substances. More than four hundred new radioactive substances have thus been obtained.
which is different for different substances. This phenomenon has therefore been compared with resonance found in optics and acoustics.
that the slow neutrons had a much more powerful effect than the fast neutrons. It was further found that the strongest effect was achieved at a certain speed,
when the rays were allowed to pass through water or paraffin. Minute study of this phenomenon showed that the speed of the neutrons was slowed down on impact with the hydrogen nuclei which were present in these substances. Contrary to what one had reasons to believe, it appeared
It was some six months after their first experiment with neutron irradiation that Fermi and his co-workers came by chance on a new discovery which proved to be of the greatest importance. They observed namely that the effect of neutron irradiation was often extremely increased,
This isotope, in many cases unstable, disintegrates giving off radioactive radiations. Radioactive materials are thus obtained as a rule.
neutron speeds that can be obtained by present methods, there is no ejection of any material part. The surplus energy disappears in the form of electromagnetic radiations (gamma-radiations). As there is no variation in the charge, an isotope is obtained of the initial substance.
When using neutrons as projectiles, these are captured in the nucleus. In the case of the lighter elements, a hydrogen nucleus or a helium nucleus is ejected instead. With the heavier elements, however, the forces that interlink the atomic parts are so strong that, at least with
Today, neutrons are artificially produced by bombarding beryllium or lithium with heavy-hydrogen nuclei, whereby these substances emit neutrons with high energy. The neutron beams so produced are particularly powerful.
The result which Fermi was able to achieve by using neutron bombardments have proved to be of inestimable value, and have shed new light on the structure of atom nuclei.		At first, the source of radiation was a mixture of beryllium powder and a radioactive substance.
separates the different parts of the atoms, such impacts are of rare occurrence. As a result, beams of neutrons, experiment has shown, can pass through armour-plates metres thick without appreciable reduction in speed taking place.
The neutron being uncharged continues on its course without suffering any hindrance until it is stopped by direct impact on a nucleus. As the dimensions of the nuclei are extremely small compared with the distances that
Both the helium nucleus and the hydrogen nucleus carry electric charges. The strong electric forces of repulsion developed when such a charged particle comes within reach of an atomic nucleus, deflect the projectile.
it was given to one of his pupils, Chadwick, to find the neutron in the extremely strong radiation given off by beryllium subjected to the effect of a radioactive substance. 	The neutron has qualities that make it particularly suitable as a projectile in atomic fission.
We have earlier spoken of the neutron as one of the two building-stones in atom nuclei. The existence of the neutron is however only a recent discovery. Rutherford had suspected the existence of a heavy particle without electric charge and had even given it the name neutron;
It was granted to today’s Nobel Prize winner, Professor Fermi, to succeed in shattering even the heavier and the heaviest elements in the Periodic System.		Fermi used neutrons as projectiles in his experiments.
Using helium nuclei and also hydrogen nuclei as projectiles, however, one can not split atoms with atomic numbers higher than 20; therefore, only part of the lighter elements of the series of atoms can so be split.
distintegrated emitting radioactive radiations. This discovery was of great importance, for it opened up the possibility of obtaining, by artificial processes, substances capable of replacing radium, a material that was both very costly and hard to come by.
Rutherford’s experiments on the splitting of atoms have later been continued by the husband-and-wife team Joliot-Curie, among others, who also used helium nuclei as projectiles. They found that often when new isotopes were formed, these isotopes were radioactive, and
not the ordinary oxygen atom, an atom that has eight neutrons in the nucleus, but an oxygen atom with nine neutrons. This meant that an oxygen isotope had been obtained. This occurs in nature, although rarely; among 12,500 ordinary oxygen atoms, one oxygen isotope is found.
a hydrogen nucleus is ejected from the former, and that the rests together with the captured helium nucleus form an oxygen nucleus. 	By this means helium and nitrogen were thus changed into oxygen and hydrogen. The atom of oxygen that was obtained by this method was however
heavy-helium nuclei that are thrown off at great speed by the natural radioactive substances, to split atoms. He met with success in several cases. For the sake of example, we will be content to mention that if a nitrogen nucleus has been struck by the bombarding helium nuclei,
As the idea of immutability of the atoms of the elements had to be abandoned, one was back at the age-old problem of the alchemists, the transmutation of the elements. 	Lord Rutherford was the first to put forward the idea that it would be possible, with the help of the
four and a half thousand million years. For radium, the corresponding length of time would be one thousand six hundred years. Other radioactive materials would by contrast only take seconds or days for half of the number of atoms to disintegrate.
It must be noted in this respect that however strong the effect of a substance that is radioactive, it is in many instances only a very small part of the number of atoms that disintegrates. Thus, for a half of the number of uranium atoms to disintegrate, it would take
that which comes from actinium has 125. So we have three isotopes of lead. Lead as found in nature is usually a mixture of these three types.
last-named elements is lead also. However, the lead obtained in these three series is not identical, in so far as the number of constituent neutrons is concerned. The lead that comes from the uranium has 124 neutrons in the nucleus, that which comes from thorium has 126 and
Soon after the radioactivity of uranium was discovered, it was established that this same characteristic occurred in another element, thorium, and later it appeared that this was also the case with the element called actinium. The end-product of the disintegration of these two
Among the substances included in this chain, there is the highly radioactive substance radium, which Madame Curie discovered and succeeded in producing.
from the uranium atoms. Thus, when one part of the uranium nuclei disintegrates explosively, new substances are formed that disintegrate in their turn, giving off radiations, and so on, until a final stable product is formed which is found to be lead.
There was thus great sensation when the Frenchman Becquerel, in 1892, discovered that the element uranium distintegrated giving off strong radiation. 	Research on this radiation proved that it consisted among others of the helium nuclei that were emitted at very high speed
After all the fruitless attempts at the transmutation of one element into another, the firm conviction grew last century that the different atoms, 92 in number, were indestructible and immutable units of the structure of matter.
have received the name of isotopes. As an example of an isotope, we can cite the heavy-hydrogen atom discovered by Urey which is a constituent of so-called heavy water. There exist hydrogen isotopes with one or two neutrons in the nucleus.
Meanwhile, it has been found that the nucleus of an atom can contain a number of neutrons less than or in excess of the normal. These atoms, that present the same physical and chemical qualities as the normal atom except that the weight is different,
The atoms are numbered according to the number of protons, or unit charges in the nucleus, with hydrogen as number 1 and uranium as number 92, which is the heaviest element known to date.
A proton is nothing but the nucleus of the lightest atom, i.e. hydrogen.		A helium nucleus has two protons and two neutrons; 		the atom of carbon has six protons and six neutrons, and so on.
Award ceremony speech		Presentation Speech by Professor H. Pleijel, Chairman of the Nobel Committee for Physics of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences, on December 10, 1938
The Nobel Prize Award Ceremony 1938 https://t.co/1UVaShBkqS
As an aid in this investigation, Fermi served as a consultant in the design of the University's synchrocyclotron.
After that, he continued his investigations of the nucleus of the atom, concentrating on the nature of the particles that make up the nucleus. 		Particular emphasis in his investigations was placed upon the short-lived nuclear particles known as mesons.
At the war's end, when the University of Chicago decided to keep together the nucleus of the scientists who had worked in the Metallurgical Laboratory on the campus on the development of the bomb, Fermi joined the staff of the newly-founded "Institute for Nuclear Studies."
"On December 2, 1942, man achieved here the first self-sustaining chain reaction and thereby initiated the controlled release of nuclear energy."
Site of Chain Reaction		The site on the University of Chicago campus where Fermi and his colleagues achieved the first nuclear chain reaction today is marked by a sculpture by Henry Moore titled: "nuclear energy." 		Nearby stands a plaque which reads, simply:
For his bomb work, President Harry S. Truman presented him on March 20, 1945, with a Medal of Merit
University of Chicago, Fermi was placed in charge of building the first atomic pile in the squash court under the west stands of the University's Stagg Field. 		Later he was transferred to Los Alamos, New Mexico, as chief of the advanced physics department.
At U Chicago		Unsuccessful in negotiating for support at first, Fermi and other scientists persisted. The project began which was to become the Manhattan Engineering District and produce the first atomic bomb. Working first at Columbia and then transferred to the
nuclear fission had actually taken place. As a result, Fermi was chosen by his colleagues to go to Washington, D.C., to interest United States government officials in the possibility of building a nuclear weapon by means of a controllable nuclear fission.
Professor at Columbia		Fermi came to the United States and accepted a position as a professor of physics at Columbia University. By this time, the work of Fermi had been duplicated in other laboratories and theoretical analysis of the results had indicated that
Fermi used the opportunity offered by the trip to Sweden to receive the Nobel Prize to leave Italy. He and his family, which included a daughter, Nella, and a son Giulio, had grown increasingly restive under the .. regime.
First Atomic Pile		Both of these studies of Fermi's were essential precursors of the eventual work that led to the building of the first atomic pile and the first controlled release of nuclear energy.		These studies led to Fermi's receiving the award of the Nobel Prize in 1938.
The status of the patent was not clarified until 1953, when the Atomic Energy Commission awarded the inventors the relatively nominal sum of $300,000.
At that time, Fermi and the members of his group obtained an Italian patent on this method. The patent rights were assigned to a friend, G. M. Giannini, in the United States, who applied for an American patent. The latter was granted, after a five-year delay, in 1940.
Increased Radioactivity		In a second series of experiments with neutron bombardment, Fermi and his associates discovered that by passing neutrons through other elements they could be slowed down and the amount of artificial radioactivity they produced could be greatly increased.
Actually, they had not produced a new element, but, as later analysis showed, they had split the uranium atoms.
In their first report, produced in May, 1934, they did not claim the discovery of a new element, but rather related what indications they had found that such an element might be produced.
bombardment. 	When at last they came to uranium, then the heaviest known element, they found that more than one element was produced by the bombardment, and that at least one of the radioactive products seemed to be none of the existing elements close to uranium.
With extremely simple equipment, Fermi began systematically bombarding the elements in the periodic table, beginning with the lightest element and moving up to the heavier elements. In the process, Fermi and his associates analyzed the chemical end products of the neutron
gave off alpha particles which struck the nuclei of beryllium atoms and caused these to give off neutrons.
In 1934, Fermi initiated the studies that led to his winning of the Nobel Prize. In that year, he began to bombard atomic nuclei with neutrons. The neutrons were provided by small amounts of the gas radon (produced by radium) mixed with beryllium powder. The radioactive gas
Although known today primarily as "a leading nuclear physicist, Fermi also made major contributions to the statistics of electron gas, the statistical model of the atom itself, and fundamental contributions to an understanding of radioactivity.
near Chicago, in honor of the late Dr. Enrico Fermi.		(The Dedication actually occurred on May 11, 1974.)	..
https://t.co/Zq8yn5hEs1		Announcement of Renaming NAL		NAL to Become Enrico Fermi Laboratory In 1972		Dr. Glenn T. Seaborg, 	Chairman of the Atomic Energy Commission, announced April 29th, 1969, the Commission will name the National Accelerator Laboratory, now under construction
From Nobel Lectures, Physics 1922-1941, Elsevier Publishing Company, Amsterdam, 1965	https://t.co/bjuwsrjbSW
Enrico Fermi		Nobel Lecture, December 12, 1938		Artificial Radioactivity Produced by Neutron Bombardment		pdf :		https://t.co/dMyJ42D62B
Professor Fermi married Laura Capon in 1928. They had one son Giulio and one daughter Nella. His favourite pastimes were walking, mountaineering, and winter sports.		He died in Chicago on 28th November, 1954.
As lecturer he was always in great demand (he has also given several courses at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor; and Stanford University, Calif.). He was the first recipient of a special award of $50,000 – which now bears his name – for work on the atom.
His Collected Papers are being published by a Committee under the Chairmanship of his friend and former pupil, Professor E. Segrè (Nobel Prize winner 1959, with O. Chamberlain, for the discovery of the antiproton).
The theoretical problems connected with the neutron are discussed by Fermi in the paper “Sul moto dei neutroni lenti”, Ricerca Scientifica, 1936.
in Ricerca Scientifica, 1934. All the work is collected in the following papers by himself and various collaborators: 	“Artificial radioactivity produced by neutron bombardment”, Proc. Roy. Soc., 1934 and 1935; 	“On the absorption and diffusion of slow neutrons”, Phys. Rev., 1936
The Nobel Prize for Physics was awarded to Fermi for his work on the artificial radioactivity produced by neutrons, and for nuclear reactions brought about by slow neutrons. The first paper on this subject “Radioattività indotta dal bombardamento di neutroni” was published by him
proposes a theory of the emission of ß-rays, based on the hypothesis, first proposed by Pauli, of the existence of the neutrino.
“Uber die magnetischen Momente der AtomKerne”, Z. Phys., 1930, is a quantitative theory of the hyperfine structures of spectrum lines. The magnetic moments of some nuclei are deduced therefrom.		“Tentativo di una teoria dei raggi ß”, Ricerca Scientifica, 1933 (also Z. Phys.,1934)
calculation of atomic properties. A resumé of this work was published 	by Fermi in the volume: Quantentheorie und Chemie, edited by H. Falkenhagen, Leipzig, 1928.
the statistics of the electronic gas and of the gases made of particles that obey the Pauli Principle.		Several papers published in Rend. Accad. Naz. Lincei, 1927-28, deal with the statistical model of the atom (Thomas-Fermi atom model) and give a semiquantitative method for the
Professor Fermi was the author of numerous papers both in theoretical and experimental physics. His most important contributions were:		“Sulla quantizzazione del gas perfetto monoatomico”, Rend. Accad. Naz. Lincei,1935 (also in Z. Phys., 1936), concerning the foundations of
of his life Fermi occupied himself with the problem of the mysterious origin of cosmic rays, thereby developing a theory, according to which a universal magnetic field – acting as a giant accelerator – would account for the fantastic energies present in the cosmic ray particles.
a professorship at the Institute for Nuclear Studies of the University of Chicago, a position which he held until his untimely death in 1954. There he turned his attention to high-energy physics, and led investigations into the pion-nucleon interaction.		During the last years
the first atomic bomb (He was one of the leaders of the team of physicists on the Manhattan Project for the development of nuclear energy and the atomic bomb.)		In 1944, Fermi became an American citizen, and at the end of the war (1946) he accepted
to the atomic pile and the first controlled nuclear chain reaction. This took place in Chicago on December 2, 1942 – on a squash court situated beneath Chicago’s stadium. He subsequently played an important part in solving the problems connected with the development of
Upon the discovery of fission, by Hahn and Strassmann early in 1939, he immediately saw the possibility of emission of secondary neutrons and of a chain reaction. He proceeded to work with tremendous enthusiasm, and directed a classical series of experiments which ultimately led
In 1938, Fermi was without doubt the greatest expert on neutrons, and he continued his work on this topic on his arrival in the United States, where he was soon appointed Professor of Physics at Columbia University, N.Y. (1939-1942).
This work resulted in the discovery of slow neutrons that same year, leading to the discovery of nuclear fission and the production of elements lying beyond what was until then the Periodic Table.
previous work on radiation theory with Pauli’s idea of the neutrino. Following the discovery by Curie and Joliot of artificial radioactivity (1934), he demonstrated that nuclear transformation occurs in almost every element subjected to neutron bombardment.
electrodynamic problems and with theoretical investigations on various spectroscopic phenomena. But a capital turning-point came when he directed his attention from the outer electrons towards the atomic nucleus itself. In 1934, he evolved the ß-decay theory, coalescing
In 1927, Fermi was elected Professor of Theoretical Physics at the University of Rome (a post which he retained until 1938, when he – immediately after the receipt of the Nobel Prize – emigrated to America..		During the early years of his career in Rome he occupied himself with
https://t.co/CslvNzFrDs		In 1926, Fermi discovered the statistical laws, nowadays known as the «Fermi statistics», governing the particles subject to Pauli’s exclusion principle (now referred to as «fermions», in contrast with «bosons» which obey the Bose-Einstein statistics).
In 1934, Fermi and his colleagues discovered that when neutrons are slowed down, e.g. by paraffin shielding, the interaction rate with nuclei increases. This revelation led to the discovery of many hitherto-unknown radioactive isotopes
Discovered in 1932, the neutron proved to be a powerful new tool for studying atoms. When Enrico Fermi irradiated heavy atoms with neutrons, these were captured by the atomic nuclei, creating new and often radioactive isotopes.
https://t.co/fwIJMcrlv8	Born:29 September 1901, Rome, Italy		Died:28 November 1954, Chicago, IL, USA		Affiliation at the time of the award: Rome University, Rome, Italy
The Nobel Prize in Physics 1938 was awarded to Enrico Fermi "for his demonstrations of the existence of new radioactive elements produced by neutron irradiation, and for his related discovery of nuclear reactions brought about by slow neutrons.
The Nobel Prize in Physics 1938		Enrico Fermi	Prize share: 1/1	 https://t.co/zgSColhgio
Thanks to Lee and Yang and the experimental discoveries inspired by them we now know that this was a mistake.
possessed no feature which would permit a distinction between right and left. In fact, most of us were inclined to regard the symmetry of elementary particles with respect to right and left as a necessary consequence of the general principle of right-left symmetry of Nature.
This assumption was to play an important part in the elaboration of Fermi’s theory. That this assumption was made was very natural, not least in view of the mentioned theory of Dirac, according to which it looked as if the electrons, the best known elementary particles,
But what has the question of right and left to do with elementary particle physics? Well, in the first place only in a negative way, in that it was assumed almost tacitly, that elementary particle reactions are symmetric with respect to right and left.
latter may be regarded as the first, still unfinished room in the new edifice of elementary particle laws. But they are both concerned with electrons and thus border on one another.
As to mathematics and elementary particles it has, in the first place, led to two theories, each of which has been developed by a Nobel Prize winner in Physics, Dirac and Fermi. Hereby the former theory is the outermost wing of the edifice of quantum mechanics, while the
fundamental physical principles, 	the so-called parity laws – in the first place the symmetry of Nature with respect to right and left – in their application to elementary particles and their reactions.	..	And physics is certainly considerably simpler than human life.
Award ceremony speech 		Presentation Speech by Professor O.B. Klein, member of the Nobel Committee for Physics		The Nobel Prize in Physics to Professor Tsung Dao Lee and Professor Chen Ning Yang for this year is concerned with some of the 	 https://t.co/eqKnRPOGVh
localized sites. In this simple model the essential randomness is introduced by requiring the energy to vary randomly from site to site. It is shown that at low enough densities no diffusion at all can take place, and the criteria for transport to occur are given.
ABSTRACT		This paper presents a simple model for such processes as spin diffusion or conduction in the "impurity band." These processes involve transport in a lattice which is in some sense random, and in them diffusion is expected to take place via quantum jumps between
P. W. Anderson		Absence of Diffusion in Certain Random Lattices		Phys. Rev. APS 109, 1492 – Published 1 March 1958		abstract :	https://t.co/Z6ZI7wR2Wf		pdf :	https://t.co/K3UR3NHr9t
This led also to the study of the so-called Mott transitions, by which certain metals can become insulators when the electronic density decreases by separating the atoms from each other in some convenient way.
nickel oxide, which according to band theory ought to be a metallic conductor but in reality is an insulator. 		Mott has shown how this can be explained by means of a refined theory which takes the electron-electron interaction into account.
The electric properties of crystals are described by the so-called band theory which gives a classification with respect to the conductivity in metals, semiconductors, and insulators. This theory is not universally valid, however, and a famous exception is provided by
It was Mott who several years later called the attention of particularly the expert mental physicists to this paper, which has become one of the cornerstones in our understanding of, among other things, the electric conductivity in disordered systems.
In 1958, Anderson published a paper in which he showed under what conditions an electron in a disordered system can either move through the system as a whole, or be more or less tied to a specific position as a localized electron.
either so that the components of an alloy are placed at random in the regular lattice positions, or so that there is no lattice whatsoever as for instance in glass. It is exceedingly difficult to treat such materials theoretically.
Mott and Anderson have separately given essential contributions to our knowledge of disordered systems. In crystallic materials, the atoms form regular lattices, which greatly facilitate the theoretical treatment. In disordered materials, this regularity is lacking –
whereas the technical development of amorphous materials like glass, which is now going on, would be unthinkable without Mott’s and Anderson’s contributions to the fundamental theory.
As an example, one can mention that van Vleck’s ideas have played a central role for the development of the laser,
All three have added many new basic concepts to the theory, which have made it possible to understand new experimental results. 		The distance between fundamental results in basic research and technical applications is as a rule comparatively short in this field.
The three prize-winners are theoreticians within the field of solid state physics – the branch of physics which lies behind essential parts of the current technical development, particularly in electronics.
Professor Sir Nevill F. Mott, Cambridge University, Cambridge, England 		and 		Professor John H. van Vleck, Harvard University, Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA, 		for their fundamental theoretical investigations of the electronic structure of magnetic and disordered systems.
Press release	The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences has decided to award the 1977 Nobel Prize for physics to be shared equally between 		Dr Philip W. Anderson, 	Bell Telephone Laboratories, Murray Hill, New Jersey, USA, 	 https://t.co/jbJLNefiI2
The Nobel Prize in Physics 1977 was awarded jointly to 	Philip Warren Anderson, 	Sir Nevill Francis Mott and 	John Hasbrouck van Vleck 		"for their fundamental theoretical investigations of the electronic structure of magnetic and disordered systems."
The Nobel Prize in Physics 1977		Philip Warren Anderson		Prize share: 1/3		Sir Nevill Francis Mott		Prize share: 1/3		Photo from the Nobel Foundation archive.		John Hasbrouck van Vleck		Prize share: 1/3		https://t.co/Ba12a59fIx
any frequency range. One should note that the same mathematical theory can be applied to a discrete wave operator defined on a lattice (as for instance in the tight binding model of a finite system), only replacing integrals and scalar products by finite sums.
..	Remarkably, computing the landscape of u and the effective valley network at any frequency does not require any a priori knowledge of the quantum states or stationary vibrations of the system, but yet gives access to accurate information on the confinement of the states within
above which one can expect fully delocalized, i.e., conducting states to appear.
inside any vibrating system a hidden landscape that divides the original domain into several weakly coupled vibrating subregions. It unravels the relationship between the geometry of these localization subregions and the mode energy, and finally predicts the critical energy
In the present paper, we introduce a fundamentally unique theory that determines the localization subregions from the knowledge of the disordered potential itself. Unifying weak and Anderson localization within the same mathematical framework, the proposed theory reveals
itself. Normally, one would have to solve the eigenvalue problem to retrieve this information.
random uniformly between 0 and Vmax (here Vmax= 8,000, see Fig. 1, Left).	..	It appears that one cannot directly deduce the detailed shape of the localized quantum states, i.e., the boundary of the subregion that contains most of the mode energy, from the shape of the potential
Consider for instance a simple case of Anderson localization illustrated in Fig. 1. The original domain (called Ω) is a unit square. It is divided into 400 = 20 × 20 smaller squares. On each of these smaller squares, the potential V is constant, its value being determined at
to predict in which subregions one can expect localized standing waves to appear, and in which frequency range.
.. there has been no general theory able to directly determine for any domain and any type of inhomogeneity the precise relationship between the geometry of the domain, the nature of the disorder, and the localization of vibrations,
as opposed to the exponential decay of Anderson localization.		Considerable progress has been made to understand the onset of weak and Anderson localization, as well as the possible link between these two types of localization (14).
Another well-known example of vibration confinement is the weak localization occurring in domains of irregular geometry and characterized by a slow decay of the vibration amplitude away from its main existence subregion (10–13),
seminal work in 1958 it is known that a sufficiently large structural disorder can lead to strongly localized quantum states, which are standing waves of the Schrödinger equation. This phenomenon has now been experimentally demonstrated in optic or electromagnetic systems (7–9).
The most striking manifestation of this phenomenon is the famous Anderson localization which has fascinated scientists and spurred an extraordinarily abundant wealth of literature in the past 50 years (1–6). 	Since Anderson’s
Apuzzlingfeature exhibited by complex, irregular, or inhomogeneous systems is their ability to maintain standing waves or vibrations in a very restricted subregion of their domain even in the absence of confining force or potential.
National de la Recherche Scientifique, UniverSud, 94230 Cachan, France; and 		c School of Mathematics, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, 55455		1 To whom correspondence should be addressed. 	E-mail: marcel.filoche@polytechnique .edu.
Marcel Filoche a,b,1 and 	Svitlana Mayboroda c 	a Physique de la Matière Condensée, Ecole Polytechnique, Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, 91128 Palaiseau, France; 	b Centre de Mathématiques et de Leurs Applications, Ecole Normale Supérieure de Cachan, Centre
https://t.co/lkXeb34gry
the energy of the vibrational eigenmodes through the properties of one geometrical object. In particular, Anderson localization can be understood as a special case of weak localization in a very rough landscape.
determines the strength of the coupling between the subregions. The landscape and its impact on localization can be determined rigorously by solving one special boundary problem. This theory allows one to predict the localization properties, the confining regions, and to estimate
This mechanism partitions the system into weakly coupled subregions. The boundaries of these subregions correspond to the valleys of a hidden landscape that emerges from the interplay between the wave operator and the system geometry. The height of the landscape along its valleys
as well as the exact relationship between its many manifestations. In this paper, we demonstrate that both Anderson and weak localizations originate from the same universal mechanism, acting on any type of vibration, in any dimension, and for any domain shape.
One of its most striking and famous manifestations is Anderson localization, responsible for instance for the metal-insulator transition in disordered alloys. Yet, despite an enormous body of related literature, a clear and unified picture of localization is still to be found,
Abstract		Localization of stationary waves occurs in a large variety of vibrating systems, whether mechanical, acoustical, optical, or quantum. It is induced by the presence of an inhomogeneous medium, a complex geometry, or a quenched disorder.
Marcel Filoche and Svitlana Mayboroda		Universal mechanism for Anderson and weak localization		PNAS (Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the USA) September 11, 2012 109 (37) 14761-14766; 		abstract :	https://t.co/ozBnCuUwNf		pdf :	https://t.co/c9wRamMDB8
but Mayboroda and Filoche found a way to reduce the problem to a single mathematical expression.
geometry and material a wave is moving through and uses it to draw the boundaries of localization. Previous efforts to pinpoint localized waves had failed due to the complexity of considering all possible waves,
Over the next three years they found that the two phenomena were indeed related. In a 2012 paper, Filoche and Mayboroda introduced a way to mathematically perceive the terrain the way a wave would see it. The resulting “landscape” function interprets information about the
After Mayboroda’s talk, the two started speculating whether the irregular bulging patterns in Mayboroda’s plates might be related to the way Filoche’s vibrations localized in some places and disappeared in others.
Filoche was in the audience. He had spent more than a decade studying the localization of vibrations, and his research had led to the construction of a prototype noise-abating barrier called “Fractal Wall” for use along highways.
— bulging out in unexpected places, while remaining almost flat in others.
The Lay of the Landscape		In 2009 Mayboroda went to France and presented research she’d been doing on the mathematics of thin plates. She explained that when the plates have a complicated shape, and you apply some pressure from one side, the plates may flex in very irregular ways
She came up with a mathematical formula called the “landscape function” that predicts exactly where waves will localize and what form they’ll take when they do.
This is where Svitlana Mayboroda comes in. Mayboroda, 36, is a mathematician at the University of Minnesota. Five years ago, she began to untangle the long-standing puzzle of localization.
Even after Anderson’s discovery, much about localization remained mysterious. Although researchers were able to prove that localization does indeed occur, they had a very limited ability to predict when and where it might happen.
He studied the phenomenon in the context of electrons moving through impure materials (electrons behave as both particles and waves), but under certain circumstances it can happen with other types of waves as well.
Anderson won the 1977 Nobel Prize in physics for his discovery of what is now called Anderson localization, a term that refers to waves that stay in some “local” region rather than propagating the way you’d expect.
In the 1950s, Philip Anderson, a physicist at Bell Laboratories, discovered a strange phenomenon. In some situations where it seems as though waves should advance freely, they just stop — like a tsunami halting in the middle of the ocean.
Mathematicians Tame Rogue Waves, Lighting Up Future of LEDs https://t.co/fax0pLM5lR via @QuantaMagazine
RT @memcculloch: "I made 7 movies in film school while everyone else was complaining that they couldn't make movies because they didn't hav…
Asteroid Vesta responsible for 6% of meteroites falling on earth	https://t.co/5VNlrrjUkk
full rotation of the moon 	https://t.co/CmxLVs9RFz
phases of the moon	https://t.co/BnGitpt92v
our milkyway galaxy is to collide with our nearest neighbor andromeda galaxy in about 4 billion years ?	https://t.co/qf1jzJIU4V
flyover view of earth from iss - international space station	https://t.co/wBDtDpqsaJ
images of Al Aqsa Mosque (source: Google Images) https://t.co/inVU93L1T2
The religous lockup that causes so much human suffering, physical and emotional. Here is an article on the state of affairs.	Disclaimer: check the source and the facts		Amid Temple Mount tumult, the who, what and why of its Waqf rulers https://t.co/onmu63ncIS via @timesofisrael
Coreteks video on why ARM is about to tople Intel / AMD in remaining performance segments in tablets, laptops, desktops, and servers worldwide.   	 	https://t.co/qCvKsCE0Jn
Intel Confirms Apple Macs Will Switch to Arm CPUs by 2020, Says Report https://t.co/nwjMob0ttq via @tomshardware
Imagine you are just those kids, what a ride to school, soldiers heavily armed, activists paying attention to their unusual child life, getting pushed out by those soldiers. So who are on the wrong side of the natural, harmonious life and why do they insist on being on that side? https://t.co/pHdnedl3az
@shva9834 thanks to the still free "social media" of global direct access. I believe this freedom won't last too long and people with niche skills will go underground to continue to access (dark perspective)	it is ok, pleasure for me to interact with curious minds. feel free to intro yrslf
https://t.co/qruKP721UH
https://t.co/A8SnXGuKvi
Oscar Winners Nominees	The Complete List	91st  2019	 https://t.co/jZ7Kt2OvCn
DOCUMENTARY FEATURE: 'FREE SOLO'		"Free Solo"		"Hale County This Morning, This Evening"		"Minding the Gap"		"Of Fathers and Sons"		"RBG"
MAKEUP AND HAIRSTYLING: 'VICE'		"Border"		"Mary Queen of Scots"		"Vice"
COSTUME DESIGN: 'BLACK PANTHER'		"The Ballad of Buster Scruggs"		"Black Panther"		"The Favourite"		"Mary Poppins Returns"		"Mary Queen of Scots"
PRODUCTION DESIGN: 'BLACK PANTHER'		"Black Panther"		"The Favourite"		"First Man"		"Mary Poppins Returns"		"Roma"
SOUND EDITING: 'BOHEMIAN RHAPSODY'		"Black Panther"		"Bohemian Rhapsody"		"First Man"		"A Quiet Place"		"Roma"
SOUND MIXING: 'BOHEMIAN RHAPSODY'		"Black Panther"		"Bohemian Rhapsody"		"First Man"		"Roma"		"A Star Is Born"
ANIMATED SHORT FILM: 'BAO'		"Animal Behaviour"		"Bao"		"Late Afternoon"		"One Small Step"		"Weekends"
DOCUMENTARY SHORT SUBJECT: 'PERIOD. END OF SENTENCE.'		"Black Sheep"		"End Game"		"Lifeboat"		"A Night at the Garden"		"Period. End of Sentence."
VISUAL EFFECTS: 'FIRST MAN'		"Avengers: Infinity War"		"Christopher Robin"		"First Man"		"Ready Player One"		"Solo: A Star Wars Story"
LIVE ACTION SHORT FILM: 'SKIN'		"Detainment"		"Fauve"		"Marguerite"		"Mother"		"Skin"
ORIGINAL SCREENPLAY: 'GREEN BOOK'		"The Favourite"		"First Reformed"		"Green Book"		"Roma"		"Vice"
ADAPTED SCREENPLAY: 'BLACKKKLANSMAN'		"The Ballad of Buster Scruggs"		"BlacKkKlansman"		"Can You Ever Forgive Me?"		"If Beale Street Could Talk"		"A Star Is Born"
ORIGINAL SCORE: 'BLACK PANTHER'		"Black Panther"		"BlacKkKlansman"		"If Beale Street Could Talk"		"Isle of Dogs"		"Mary Poppins Returns"
ORIGINAL SONG: 'SHALLOW'		"All The Stars," "Black Panther"		"I'll Fight," "RBG"		"The Place Where Lost Things Go," "Mary Poppins Returns"		"Shallow," "A Star Is Born"		"When A Cowboy Trades His Spurs For Wings," "The Ballad of Buster Scruggs"
FOREIGN-LANGUAGE FILM: 'ROMA'		"Capernaum"		"Cold War"		"Never Look Away"		"Roma"		"Shoplifters"
FILM EDITING: 'BOHEMIAN RHAPSODY'		"BlacKkKlansman"		"Bohemian Rhapsody"		"The Favourite"		"Green Book"		"Vice"
CINEMATOGRAPHY: 'ROMA'		"Cold War"		"The Favourite"		"Never Look Away"		"Roma"		"A Star Is Born"
ACTOR IN A SUPPORTING ROLE: MAHERSHALA ALI		Mahershala Ali, "Green Book"		Adam Driver, "BlacKkKlansman"		Sam Elliott, "A Star Is Born"		Richard E. Grant, "Can You Ever Forgive Me?"		Sam Rockwell, Vice
ACTRESS IN A SUPPORTING ROLE: REGINA KING		Amy Adams, "Vice"		Marina de Tavira, "Roma"		Regina King, "If Beale Street Could Talk"		Emma Stone, "The Favourite"		Rachel Weisz, "The Favourite"
ANIMATED FEATURE FILM: 'SPIDER-MAN: INTO THE SPIDER-VERSE'		"Incredibles 2"		"Isle of Dogs"		"Mirai"		"Ralph Breaks the Internet"		"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse"
ACTOR IN A LEADING ROLE: 'RAMI MALEK'		Christian Bale, "Vice"		Bradley Cooper, "A Star Is Born"		Willem Dafoe, "At Eternity's Gate"		Rami Malek, "Bohemian Rhapsody"		Viggo Mortensen, "Green Book"
ACTRESS IN A LEADING ROLE: 'OLIVIA COLMAN'		Yalitza Aparicio, "Roma"		Glenn Close, "The Wife"		Olivia Colman, "The Favourite"		Lady Gaga, "A Star Is Born"		Melissa McCarthy, "Can You Ever Forgive Me?"
DIRECTING: 'ROMA'		"BlacKkKlansman"		"Cold War"		"The Favourite"		"Roma"		"Vice"
BEST PICTURE: 'GREEN BOOK'		"Black Panther"		"BlacKkKlansman"		"Bohemian Rhapsody"		"The Favourite"		"Green Book"		"Roma"		"A Star Is Born"		"Vice"
Oscar Winners Nominees 	91st 2019	Complete List https://t.co/cAIO2ImGEF
Oscar Nominess	 91st, 2019	 https://t.co/jZ7Kt2OvCn
https://t.co/XYI16xQBsz
RT @ahmetkirac: For those of you lucky enough to be in the US, you can watch the live broadcast of the Oscars on the ABC website:		https://…
RT @ahmetkirac: Oscars 2019: How to stream online, start time, nominees, predictions and more https://t.co/wguNguT3x0
@shva9834 i think you wrote before but i forgot.  As for me,  i worked on lattice quantization as part of my thesis so am familiar a bit from there. Related to sphere packing, there are optimal lattices for quantization. Derived some results for any D. Voronoi cells etc. So you work on E8?
@shva9834 what is it that you do for living? msg me directly if you like.
@shva9834 @shva9834 thanks for your replies, did not get notification on any. twitter is missing on quite some msging? 	what is your name btw, you have a brief bio smwhere?
I know people want change, I know Maduro does not meet everyone's aspirations. But what I want to know is who this guy is. He has not run in the election, or was he not allowed to? How much support does he have? Who likes him really?  	All I see from him is anger and dispathy. https://t.co/0c85HEwOW6
RT @PrivacyCestFini: Great article in Irish Times about Israeli attacks on Ireland 🇮🇪		Love this QUOTE:		"... anti-Semitism, often weaponis…
RT @AaronJDy: New DNA system called 'Hachimoji DNA' uses an 8-letter genetic code (hachi=eight and moji=letter in Japanese). 🧬🧬🧬		Has norma…
RT @caitoz: Americans say "But we can't just do NOTHING about Venezuela!" Uhh, yes you can. Please do nothing. US interventionism always ma…
@maria_alexea agreed. might harm the path to justice.  but the style of reporting a crime should not deter the auhorities to investigate the crime, punish the criminal. If state authority doesn't do it, get help from international. if no justice one after other, vulgarity out of desperation.
@maria_alexea ignorence would be the state of observer if no reaction to cruelty. If numbness is the state, the observer and the victim's advocate have both a play in it.	Either not walking the mile than can be walked or being numb or accustomed themselves, asking for attention but not help.
myself resisting to be pulled to any, wandering around them. 	btw, tws are from the awarding speech by a prof from the academy. 	not my words, i tw bcse of I find interesting. https://t.co/4N9lubTQsO
RT @Reuters: ICYMI: Canadian artist shovels snow to recreate the Mona Lisa https://t.co/HrdtSA43EG
RT @evaninfo: Venezuela's #Maduro breaks relations with #Colombia	https://t.co/Di0d27keH6
The scientific world was shocked when you first announced your discovery. Nobody, absolutely nobody, had anticipated anything like it. You had pursued your experiment with skill and determination and found the impossible to be possible.
of art. Violations of perfect symmetry open roads to new insights, or in the words of a poet:		“A knot there is in th’entendrill’d arabesque	No mortal eye but mine has ever seen”.		Professor Fitch, Professor Cronin,
The discovery also implied consequences for time reflection. At least one theme is played more slowly backwards than forwards by Nature.		Artists nearly always introduce symmetry breaking elements into their works. Perhaps, the laws of nature, too, are in the deepest sense works
be relayed to our visitors from outer space.
Cronin and Fitch interpreted the results of their experiment as a small but clear lack of symmetry. Their conclusion has been confirmed in a long series of other experiments. The new symmetry violation constitutes the basic prerequisite for the claim that a definite answer can
both to matter and antimatter. If perfect symmetry were to prevail, a decaying K-meson would have to be antimatter in exactly half the cases and in the other half, matter. Lee’s and Yang’s Chinese revolution did not change the conclusions, but new arguments were required.
This means that some law of Nature now must be changed or a new law invoked. In what way does this discovery concern antimatter? As early as 1955 Gell-Mannand Pais had analyzed the neutral K-mesons and found that they are strange, indeed unique in their ambivalence with respect
Cronin and Fitch elected to carry out tests to find out whether a certain decay of K-mesons occurred, in spite of being forbidden by symmetry. Their research team found that two out of a thousand K-mesons did in fact decay in the forbidden manner.
last half-century. Nowadays microscopic amounts of antiparticles are produced with relative ease in such special laboratories as Brookhaven National Laboratory in the U.S. or CERN in Europe.
The third mirror symmetry is not present in art. The laws for electric and magnetic phenomena contain a complete symmetry between the two kinds of electric charge. The discoveries of antimatter with plus and minus charges in exchanged roles are among the most profound of the
law governing radioactive decay, which violates the left-right symmetry. Lee and Yang were awarded the Nobel prize for physics in 1957 for this revolutionary discovery.
The laws of physics resemble a canon by Bach. They are symmetric in space and time. They do not distinguish between left and right, nor between forward and backward movements. For a long time everyone thought it had to be like that. A remarkable exception exists, however, in the
the palace of the Doges in Venice to the Town Hall in Stockholm. A master such as Johann Sebastian Bach has created music with ingenious symmetries, generated both by reflection in space of the theme and by reflection in time when the theme is played backwards.
In the latter case it is positive and negative electric charges that are switched.		The beauty of spatial symmetries is well known in the realm of art and architecture, from the ornamental arabesques of the old Alhambra to the recent intricate woodcuts signed by Escher, from
which corresponds to switching left and right. The other two symmetries of interest concern reflection of time and of charge, which implies switching forward and backward movements and switching matter and antimatter, respectively.
Symmetries are science’s lodestars and symmetry principles act as guiding rules to help us discover the mathematical laws of Nature. Three mirror symmetries are of immediate interest in relation to the prize-winning discovery. One of them is ordinary mirror reflection,
answer, so they can avoid a disastrous landing. Let us now leave the world of science fiction, remembering, however, what a fortunate circumstance it was that no space visits occurred before 1964.
The space travelers claim, furthermore, that the nature of their own kind of matter was determined before leaving. What they now want to know is, whether the same tests have been made on Earth. Thanks to Cronin’s and Fitch’s discovery it is now possible to give them a clear-cut
immediate information about the composition of the Earth. Does it consist of Matter or Antimatter? The answer to this question is one of life and death. The two kinds of matter are known to annihilate each other atom by atom.
was concerned with a forbidden decay of a certain type of elementary particles, named the neutral K-meson.		Suppose the TV-news suddenly reported one evening that visitors from outer space were planning to land on Earth; that the space travellers have radioed a demand for
for Physics has been awarded Professor James Cronin and Professor Val Fitch for their discovery in a joint experiment of violations of fundamental symmetry principles. The experiment was carried out in 1964 at Brookhaven National Laboratory in the United States of America and
Award ceremony speech		Presentation Speech by Professor Gösta Ekspong of the Royal Academy of Sciences		Translation from the Swedish text		Your Majesty, Your Royal Highnesses, Ladies and Gentlemen.		By decision of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences, this year’s Nobel Prize
The discovery emphasizes, once again, that even almost self evident principles in science cannot be regarded fully valid until they have been critically examined in precise experiments.
annihilated each other. In other words, efforts have been made to describe how the matter we are made of was once created in a Big Bang and how it could survive the birth pains.
The new truth reached by the discovery has recently also been incorporated as an important ingredient in cosmological speculations The aim has been to try to understand how a universe, originally very hot and symmetric, could avoid that matter and antimatter almost immediately
The search for the deeper causes of the symmetry violations discovered in the experiment by Cronin and Fitch is actively pursued at present. The progress in elementary particle physics during recent years has created new interesting possibilities.
not always true. The new knowledge permits us to make a distinction between matter and antimatter in an absolute and not only relative way. The left and right directions could then also be given absolute meaning, thus loosing the arbitrariness of definition.
experiments in other laboratories and by other research groups. This led to a situation in which the new cornerstone was overthrown. All attempts have been unsuccessful to avoid such a radically new conclusion as that which says that perfect symmetry by time reversal is
Consequences of the prize-winning discovery		The result of the prize-winning work showed for the first, time that the left-right asymmetry is not always completely compensated by transforming from matter to antimatter. This result has been verified in several similar
and strong forces. Due to the mutual cancellation of the symmetry violations in weak processes we could consider time reversal symmetry to continue to be generally valid. This became a new cornerstone.
laws do not change when all motions are reversed. Such symmetry by time reversal is in fact valid for all processes governed by electromagnetic forces. It is therefore, a cornerstone in physics and chemistry. The symmetry is also valid for processes controlled by gravitational
of the one or the other type of atoms.		Symmetry by time reversal		The conclusion in 1957 that the two symmetry violations cancelled each other was highly satisfactory since it allowed the third symmetry principle to keep its validity. This principle says that the fundamental
and elegant way. Thus, the mirror image of a physical process in our world is always a possible process in the antiworld and vice versa. If the universe consists also of antimatter, possible inhabitants on another planet could not then by themselves determine if they consist
However, already in 1957 the conclusion could be avoided that Nature makes an absolute distinction between left and right. Nor did the radioactive processes show complete symmetry’ between matter and antimatter. One lack of symmetry was cancelled by the other in a complete
The Nobel Prize in Physics 1957 was awarded jointly to Chen Ning Yang and Tsung-Dao (T.D.) Lee "for their penetrating investigation of the so-called parity laws which has led to important discoveries regarding the elementary particles."
The Nobel Prize in Physics 1957		Chen Ning Yang		Prize share: 1/2		Tsung-Dao (T.D.) Lee		Prize share: 1/2		https://t.co/GFvfFMBA1J
the very law of weak interactions, which cause the radioactive decays and related processes. The almost self-evident statement which ceased to be valid in 1957, says that the mirror image of a physical process is always a possible physical process.
On the other hand there is a maximal lack of left-right symmetry, i.e. mirror symmetry in one type of physical processes – the radioactive decays. It was understood by T.D. Lee and C.N. Yang, Nobel Prize-winners in 1957, that the violation of the symmetry was deeply rooted in
valid for the laws which describe electric and magnetic phenomena, which encompass most things in our daily lives. This is true of all three symmetries. They are also respected by gravitation and by strong interactions (= a force between elementary-particles).
Cronin and Fitch. The other two symmetry principles state that the fundamental laws have exact mirror symmetry and time reflection symmetry – by the latter is understood symmetry under motion reversal.		The situation before the prize-winning discovery		Complete symmetry is
One of the three symmetry principles says that the laws of Nature are exactly alike for both antimatter and ordinary matter. The neutral K-mesons are the most suitable test bodies for a critical and sensitive test of the validity of this principle, which was shown by
in a skilful and convincing way. The type of neutral K-mesons which Cronin and Fitch chose to study are remarkable since they can be regarded to consist of one half ordinary matter and the other half antimatter.		Three symmetry principles
beam of neutral elementary particles was produced. Their radioactive decay in flight was recorded and measured with great precision. The specially designed detector arrangement was large and complicated. All the difficulties encountered in the analyses of the data were overcome
These are of ureas importance to the formulation of fundamental laws of Nature.		The Experiment		The discovery was made at Brookhaven National Laboratory by a research group led by James Cronin and Val Fitch who also initiated the search. Using the proton accelerator AGS a
Symmetries play a great role in many sciences and also in many other areas. This year’s Nobel Prize in Physics is awarded for an unexpected discovery in an experiment devoted to a critical scrutiny of the validity of three related symmetry principles.
The Nobel Prize in Physics was awarded jointly to James Watson Cronin and Val Logsdon Fitch "for the discovery of violations of fundamental symmetry principles in the decay of neutral K-mesons."
The Nobel Prize in Physics 1980		James Watson Cronin	Prize share: 1/2		Val Logsdon Fitch	Prize share: 1/2		https://t.co/52PFFABuM7
discovered, this may mean that the standard model must be revised and more extensive reconstruction within elementary-particle physics commenced.
been incomplete and unable to admit what is termed the Charge and Parity (CP) violation, a violation of a fundamental principle of symmetry which, among other things, regulates particle decay (Nobel Prize to Cronin and Fitch 1980). If a fourth family of quarks and leptons is
quark, discovered. The existence of the third family is very important for physicists’ confidence in the present theoretical model for understanding the properties of nature’s smallest constituents. This is called the standard model. Without a third family, the model would have
Martin Perl‘s discovery of the tau was the first sign that a third “family” of fundamental building blocks existed. Some years later a further building block was discovered – one of the family’s two quarks, the bottom quark. Not until 18 years later was its other quark, the top
Frederick Reines made pioneering contributions during the 1950s together with the late Clyde L. Cowan, Jr., which led to their being able to demonstrate experimentally the existence of the antineutrino of the electron
https://t.co/kWQpdvN3XP	Martin L. Perl and his colleagues discovered, through a series of experiments between 1974 and 1977, at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center (SLAC) in the USA, that the electron has a relative some 3 500 times heavier, which is called the tau.
“Spaceship neutrino”, Christine Sutton, Cambridge University Press 1992, pp. 89-93.
“Leptons – what are they?”, Martin Perl, New Scientist 81, 564 (1979).“The electron, muon, and tau heavy lepton: Are they the truly elementary particles?”, Martin L. Perl, The Science Teacher 47, no. 9, p.16 (1980).
American, 252, no. 6, p.54 (1985). 		The tau	“Heavy leptons”, Martin L. Perl and William T. Kirk, Scientific American 238, no. 3, p.50 (1978).	“The tau heavy lepton: A recently discovered elementary particle”, Martin Perl, Nature 275, 273 (1978).
“Neutrino physics”, Frederick Reines and Clyde L. Cowan, Jr., Physics Today 10, no. 8, p.12 (1957).	“Spaceship neutrino”, Christine Sutton, Cambridge University Press 1992, pp.37-44.	“The search for proton decay”, J.M. LoSecco, Frederick Reines and Daniel Sinclair, Scientific
Further reading 	The neutrino	“Detection of the free neutrino: A confirmation”, C.L. Cowan, Jr., F. Reines, F.B. Harrison, H.W. Kruse and A.D. McGuire, Science 124, 103 (1956).	“The neutrino”, Frederick Reines and Clyde L. Cowan, Jr., Nature 178, 446 (1956).
lifetime (291.3 fs) are now very accurately known. Indeed the tau also has its own neutrino, the tau neutrino, as do the electron and the muon. In order to directly establish its existence, beams of tau neutrinos have to become available.
The heavy lepton hypothesis of Perl and his collaborators was tested through a series of observations which took several years to complete. The tau lepton stood up to the test and was shown to be a heavier relative of the electron and the muon. Its mass (1776.96 MeV/c2) and
The invisible particles were neutrinos. Owing to their weak interaction they disappeared without leaving a trace, but they could account for the energy and momentum balances and indeed took an appreciable amount of the available energy.
But since the tau leptons were expected to decay very rapidly, the observed electrons and muons could be interpreted as decay products from reactions https://t.co/z0gPmuK6Vf
it was realized that at least two invisible particles had been produced together with the two charged leptons.	A possible interpretation of the above events was that a pair of unstable heavy leptons, later denoted by tau, had been produced https://t.co/tpalpii5p6
lepton number conservation. The researchers were looking for events where the momentum vectors of the two leptons were not found to be “back to back”, thus suggesting an apparent violation of the law of momentum conservation. Using conservation of energy and momentum
where i.p. denotes “invisible particles”, i.e. particles that left no visible track in the detector. The actual detection was thus only that of an electron (positron) and an antimuon (muon), i.e., two different leptons with opposite charges, which apparently violates the law of
The first sign that something new was going on came with the observation of 24 events of the type https://t.co/680HyQ6LYu
inside a several metre large cylindrical detector in a strong magnetic field. The detector had several components, among them a system of scintillation counters for detecting charged particles and four concentric spark chambers for tracking particles in the magnetic field.
to be heavier than 1400 MeV/c2, which was the mass limit set by the accelerator energy. Thus, in the mass range up to 1.4 GeV/c2, the electron and the muon were the only charged leptons.		In the SPEAR storage ring beams of electrons and positrons were made to collide head-on
Rome. However, this accelerator, which had started operation in 1969-70, did not have enough energy to produce pairs of t^ t.		Also another group at ADONE, led by Marcello Conversi, found no new charged leptons. These experiments showed that a heavy lepton, if it existed, had
Searches for new charged leptons produced in collisions between electrons and positrons had been undertaken earlier by other groups of physicists. A group led by Antonino Zichichi performed an experiment at the electron-positron colliding beam facility ADONE at Frascati outside
1780 MeV/c2, thus being about 3500 times heavier than the electron.
The electron, being the lightest charged lepton with a mass of 0.511 MeV/c2, belongs to the first family. The muon is about 207 times heavier (106 MeV/c2) and belongs to the second family. The tau, belonging to the third family, turned out to have a mass as large as about
pair production of a new heavy lepton. The new lepton was denoted by the Greek letter tau, which is the first letter of the word triton,	(which means the third); the discovered lepton being the third charged lepton, after the electron and the muon.
(Phys. Rev. Lett. 35, 1489 (1975)) with Perl as the first author. But it took a few more years before Perl and his collaborators, and also other research groups, could convincingly show, through a detailed analysis of data, that the observed anomalous lepton pairs were due to
maximum made possible by the machine.	Already in 1974 came the first signs of the possible production of a new lepton and a year later the first results were reported in the article “Evidence for Anomalous Lepton Production in e– + e+ Annihilation”
new leptons, this time in a new and previously inaccessible energy region. During its first years of operation the SPEAR reached a top center-of-mass energy, with useful luminosity, of about 5 GeV. The experimental equipment was designed to detect new charged leptons beyond the
Moreover, the probability of producing charged leptons in such collisions is relatively large, provided, of course, that they can be produced within the energy span of the accelerator. The SPEAR facility thus provided Perl with an excellent opportunity to continue the search for
At such a collider the reaction mechanism for production of new leptons was expected to be simple and easy to interpret, viz.,		e– + e+ =&gt; X+ + X–.
(SLAC). The results obtained by Perl and his coworkers at this accelerator were negative: no new charged leptons were found (Phys. Rev.173, 1391 (1968)). A few years later, in 1973, the electron-positron storage ring SPEAR was installed at the end of the SLAC linear accelerator.
Here X+ and X– represent new charged particles, possibly leptons of positive and negative charges. Perl was a member of a group that performed such a photo-production experiment at a linear accelerator, which went into operation in 1966 at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center
produce new particles at high energy accelerators, e.g., through photo-production in collisions between high energy electrons and a fixed target with nuclei Z: https://t.co/GiToWpCgzu
During the 1960’s a number of experiments looking for new charged particles were performed and several groups participated in the search. One way was to look for the new particles in the decay products of known unstable particles such as the kaons. Another method was to try to
of the theory of elementary particles could be called for. Perl can thus be said to have discovered the first member of the “last family of the Standard Model”. It still remains to detect the tau neutrino.
would have been manifestly incomplete because it would, e.g., not have allowed the observed phenomenon of CP violation. If a fourth family of quarks and leptons is discovered in the future, the Standard Model in its present form would need a revision and a major reconstruction
number of such families. Recent results from the accelerator LEP at CERN, however, show that within the framework of the Standard Model there are three, and only three, families (the experimentally determined figure is 2.988 +/- 0.023). With only two families the Standard Model
family (tau, tau neutrino, top and bottom quarks). The long awaited discovery of the top quark was finally made in 1994-1995 (at the Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory, USA).		The third family of leptons and quarks would not have been so interesting if there existed a large
charm quark in 1974-76, at the time when the tau lepton appeared on the scene. Soon afterwards, in 1977, one of the two quarks of the third family, the bottom quark, was discovered by Leon Lederman and his collaborators, but it took almost 20 years for the completion of this
most physicists. The first family (electron, electron neutrino, up and down quarks) had already been established by the end of the 1960’s. 	The second family (muon, muon neutrino, charm and strange quarks) was just becoming firmly established through the discovery of the
The discovery of the tau lepton by Martin Perl and his team; 1974-1975 at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center (SLAC) was the first sign of the existence of a third family of elementary constituents of matter. The results of these experiments came as a big surprise to
These experiments provided, for the first time, astrophysicists with valuable information on supernovas as well as giving a limit for the neutrino rest mass.
One of the detectors, in the Kamioka mine in Japan, registered 11 neutrinos from the supernova. Another detector, built by the IMB (Irvine-Michigan-Brookhaven) collaboration, in which Reines participated as a leading scientist, registered 8 neutrinos.
decay modes of the proton. The big underground facilities used for this purpose can also act as neutrino detectors and give valuable information on cosmic processes. As an example, underground detectors registered neutrinos from the supernova SN1987a on the 23rd of February 1987.
Several publications describe the course of the experiment and the results. The definitive account of the discovery is given in Reines et al., ” Detection of the free antineutrino”, Phys. Rev. 117, 159 (1960).		Reines has also been engaged in pioneering experiments probing
photons from the annihilation event.		The experiment was hampered by both a low counting rate, about three events per hour, and a large background. Nevertheless Reines and Cowan succeeded in their attempt to prove the existence of the neutrino as a free particle.
interaction took place. The neutron also slowed down in the water and was eventually captured by a cadmium nucleus. This created a few capture gamma rays of very high energies (about 8 MeV) that reached the detectors with a delay of a few microseconds with respect to the
The positron was quickly slowed down by the water and was annihilated by an electron. This annihilation created two photons, each with an energy of about 0.5 MeV. These photons were registered in coincidence in the two scintillation detectors above and below the target where the
The targets were sandwiched between three scintillation detectors. The delayed coincidence technique introduced by Reines and Cowan to reduce background worked as follows: The neutrino interaction with a proton of the water created a positron and a neutron.
kinds of neutrinos, the neutrino	v and the antineutrino v^. The experiment of Reines and Cowan was partially aimed at resolving this question.		The two targets in the Reines-Cowan experiment contained each about 200 litres of a solution of cadmium chloride (CdCl2) in water.
different reaction which involved producing radioactive argon atoms from chlorine atoms in a solution of carbon tetrachloride. The negative results of Davis could either be interpreted as the non-existence of free neutrinos or be explained by assuming that there actually were two
River Plant. The target and the photon detectors were separated for a better rejection of the background signal. A significant neutrino signal was then observed. At this reactor another physicist, Raymond Davis, Jr., had already tried in vain to catch neutrinos through a
in order to reduce the background. In the first experiment at the Hanford reactor in 1953, Reines and Cowan observed no statistically significant neutrino signal – the background signals were too many. The experiment was re-designed and placed underground at the Savannah
Even though the flux of neutrinos from the reactor was high, the expected counting rate was so low that the experiment seemed to be on the verge of being possible. Reines and Cowan realized that it is essential to detect both the positron and the properly time-delayed neutron
The reaction chosen to be studied was the capture of a neutrino by a proton in the target (also acting as a detector) giving a neutron and a positron; in modern terminology https://t.co/JzzVqxdlqs
The estimated neutrino flux was as high as 10^12 – 10^13 per second and cm2, many orders of magnitude larger than the corresponding flux from ordinary radioactive sources.	In 1953 Reines and Cowan proposed a reactor experiment to detect neutrinos.
Thus a very intensive source of neutrinos as well as a heavy target were needed in order to establish the existence of the neutrino. When the first nuclear reactors were constructed in the 1940’s, Fermi and others realized that they were high-flux sources of neutrinos.
found? Hans Bethe and Rudolf Peierls, as well as others, had estimated the cross section for capturing neutrinos produced in the beta-decay of radioactive nuclei and had found that one would need a target of lead several light years thick to effectively catch these neutrinos.
Soon after the neutrino hypothesis was put forward it was used by Enrico Fermi to formulate a theory for weak interactions. The success of this theory gave a great deal of credibility to the neutrino hypothesis, but how could a final proof of the existence of the neutrino be
postulating a particle that, as he was convinced, never could be detected directly. As it turned out, the neutrino was in fact eventually detected, but the achievement came almost 30 years later and took all the skills of Reines and Cowan.
continuous electron energy spectra observed in nuclear beta-decay (by assuming the conservation of energy, momentum, angular momentum and charge) and Pauli had to assume that it only interacted weakly with its surroundings. Pauli felt that he had done something terrible by
to be a very big one at that time. Some detectors of today use several tens of thousands cubic metres of detector fluid.		The neutrino was “born” as a hypothetical neutral particle in a letter written by Wolfang Pauli on the 4th of December 1930. It was introduced to explain the
neutrino interactions with atomic electrons and atomic nuclei a large amount of detector material is needed. Reines and Cowan performed their experiment with about half a cubic meter of fluid (mainly water with some suitable impurity) in their detector, which was considered
but also helped to break the ground for the modern generation of low energy neutrino experiments previously considered impossible. Several of these experiments aim to detect neutrinos emanating from the sun or from supernovas. Due to the extremely small cross sections for
Advanced information	The pioneering work performed by Frederick Reines and Clyde L. Cowan, Jr., (deceased 1974) at nuclear reactors in Hanford and the Savannah River Plant during the 1950’s not only led to the first experimental observation of a neutrino 		https://t.co/Fauiz6BVDc
Martin L. Perl	The Nobel Prize in Physics 1995	Born:24 June 1927, New York, NY, USA	Died:30 September 2014, Palo Alto, CA, USA	Affiliation at the time of the award: Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA	Prize motivation: "for the discovery of the tau lepton."	Prize share: 1/2 https://t.co/V5XKhjy8LV
Frederick Reines	The Nobel Prize in Physics 1995		Born:16 March 1918, Paterson, NJ, USA	Died:26 August 1998, Orange, CA, USA	Affiliation at the time of the award: University of California, Irvine, CA, USA	Prize motivation: "for the detection of the neutrino."	Prize share: 1/2 https://t.co/LqodkWVX9C
missing mass in the universe and to play an important role in supernova explosions, and thus in cosmology. The tau lepton itself may be of crucial importance in testing future theories of how matter acquired the property that we call mass.
The tau, or tau lepton, as this super-heavy cousin of the electron was designated, provided the key to a definitive understanding of the family structure of elementary particles. Some day the tau neutrino, its sister lepton, may prove to account for a large portion of the
When Perl and his coworkers wrote in 1975 that they had found a third lepton, nearly four thousand times heavier than the electron first identified in 1897, they were announcing a major discovery. They had identified the first member of the third and final quark-lepton family.
most powerful accelerator for this purpose. He also needed to figure out in what way the new lepton might reveal its presence. There were few leads, however, and great inventiveness was required to design an experiment that would accomplish this.
The difficulties of experimentally proving the existence of such a heavy lepton also seemed almost insurmountable.	At Stanford, Martin Perl planned an experiment that might possibly resolve the matter. He needed a sufficiently strong energy source, and Stanford had the world’s
The idea that there might be a third, extremely heavy relative of the electron emerged during the 1960s, but such a particle fell outside the theoretical framework accepted at that time.
Second was the newly discovered neutrino. Third was the muon, a heavier version of the electron and the odd man out among elementary particles. No quarks had entered the picture yet.
After an unsuccessful trial, they devised a modified experiment that yielded favorable indications. A couple of years later, their findings were unequivocal. 	There were now three known leptons. First was the electron, which had been discovered as early as 1897.
Reines realized that a nuclear reactor must emit copious quantities of neutrinos, although no one had noticed them before. During the 1950s he and Cowan developed a method for capturing at least a few of these elusive sub atomic particles.
It flashed undetected past every observer, at the speed of light.
someone to accomplish this feat. Meanwhile the neutrino had been a mental construct that physicists had needed in order to “save” the law of conservation of energy in certain types of radioactive decay. But it seemed impossible to verify the neutrino’s actual existence.
Together with the late C.L. Cowan, Frederick Reines detected the neutrino, the sister lepton of the electron in the first quark-lepton family, even before the family concept had emerged. It was a long-awaited discovery. For nearly 25 years, physicists had been waiting for
Two of these discoveries are being honored with this year’s Nobel Prize in Physics. Both concern the discovery of leptons: one belonging to the first quark-lepton family, the other to the third such family.
and a measurable mass, and neutrinos, which lack both charge and mass. This one quark-lepton family, with its four members, is enough to account for all the matter in the universe today.		A long series of discoveries underpins the three-family model.
consists of quarks and leptons. Quarks are heavy, and leptons are light. There are two types of quarks, which serve as the building blocks of atomic nuclei. Leptons, which occur outside of atomic nuclei, also come in two types: electrons, which have both an electrical charge
Presentation Speech by Professor Carl Nordling of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences, December 10, 1995		Translation of the Swedish text		Your Majesties, Your Royal Highnesses, Ladies and Gentlemen,		Physicists believe that all matter, for example the matter in our own bodies,
The Nobel Prize in Physics 1995		Martin L. Perl	Prize share: 1/2		Frederick Reines	Prize share: 1/2 		The Nobel Prize was divided equally between Martin L. Perl "for the discovery of the tau lepton" and Frederick Reines "for the detection of the neutrino."	https://t.co/rtATEMFZ1O
In 1928 Paul Dirac formulated a fully relativistic quantum theory. The equation gave solutions that he interpreted as being caused by a particle equivalent to the electron, but with a positive charge. This particle, the positron, was later confirmed through experiments.
During the intense period of 1925-26 quantum theories were proposed that accurately described the energy levels of electrons in atoms. These equations needed to be adapted to Albert Einstein's theory of relativity, however.
Paul Adrien Maurice Dirac	1902-1984	Born: Bristol, United Kingdom	Died: Tallahassee, FL, USA	Affiliation at the time of the award: University of Cambridge, Cambridge, United Kingdom	Prize motivation: "for the discovery of new productive forms of atomic theory." https://t.co/e5xCJpOuof
The Nobel Prize in Physics 1933		Erwin Schrödinger	Prize share: 1/2		Paul Adrien Maurice Dirac	Prize share: 1/2		The Nobel Prize in Physics 1933 was awarded jointly to Erwin Schrödinger and Paul Adrien Maurice Dirac "for the discovery of new productive forms of atomic theory."
requires the existence of a positive electron of the same size and charge as the negative electron. The experimental discovery of the existence of the positron has in a brilliant way confirmed your theory.
In this way you have shown that the existence of the spin of electrons and its qualities are a consequence of this theory and not merely a hypothesis.	Further you have succeeded in dividing the wave equation into two, which results in two systems of solutions one of which
experiment.		Professor Dirac. The theory of wave mechanics which you have developed is characterized by its universality, since from the beginning you have imposed the condition that the postulate of the theory of relativity has to be fulfilled.
the form of the heavy atom nucleus. This difficulty which at first opposed the theory has now become a brilliant confirmation of its validity. For later on, positive electrons, the positrons, whose existence was stipulated in Dirac’s theoretical investigation, have been found by
It now appeared that one of the solution systems required the existence of positive electrons having the same mass and charge as the known negative electrons. This initially posed considerable difficulty for Dirac’s theory, since positively charged particles were known only in
the electron which had previously come into the theory as an hypothesis stipulated by experimental facts, now appeared as a result of the general theory of Dirac.		Dirac divided the initial wave equation into two simpler ones, each providing solutions independently.
Dirac has set up a wave mechanics which starts from the most general conditions. From the start he put forward the requirement that the postulate of the relativity theory be fulfilled. Viewed from this general formulation of the problems it appeared that the self-rotation of
This constant is thus of a universal nature and forms one of the foundation stones for modern atomic physics.
The magnitude of the photon is different for different colours of light, but if the quantity of energy of a photon is divided by the frequency of oscillation of the ray of light, the same number is always obtained, the so-called Planck’s constant h.
other than in quantities of energy which represented the multiple of a specific unit of energy.	This unit of energy received the name of light quantum or photon.
It was Planck who, in 1900, first expressed the thought that light had atomic properties, and the theory put forward by Planck was later more exhaustively developed by Einstein. The conviction, arrived at by different paths, was that matter could not create or absorb light,
Award ceremony speech		Presentation Speech by Professor H. Pleijel, Chairman of the Nobel Committee for Physics of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences, on December 10, 1933		https://t.co/LKagiRwr5I
physics that right-handed neutrinos do exist. For details, see Pati [27]. If this is true, the number of fermions really could be 16, and we have a ready-made explanation for that number in the binary code.
Because it transforms trivially in the Standard Model, it does not interact with anything except perhaps the Higgs. The right-handed neutrino certainly improves the aesthetics of the SU(5) theory.	More importantly, there is increasing indirect evidence from experimental particle
dim(F ⊕F∗)=2^5 =32	With the binary code interpretation, it could not be any other way. In actuality, however, the existence of a right-handed neutrino (or its antiparticle, the left-handed antineutrino) has been controversial.
power of 2? There are 16 fermions, and 16 antifermions, which makes the Standard Model representation have dimension
explain the pattern of hypercharges in the Standard Model, and thanks to the use of the exterior algebra, ΛC5, we can interpret it in terms of a binary code. This binary code explains another curious fact about the Standard Model. Specifically, why is the number of fermions a
This theory appeared in a 1974 paper by Georgi [10], shortly after his paper with Glashow on the SU(5) theory. However, Georgi has said that he conceived of the Spin(10) theory first. See Zee [40], Chapter VII.7, for a concise and readable account. The SU(5) GUT has helped us
3.2. The Spin(10) theory. We now turn our attention to another grand unified theory. Physicists call it the “SO(10) theory”, but we shall call it the Spin(10) theory, because the Lie group involved is really Spin(10), the double cover of SO(10).
on proton lifetime [26]. Nevertheless, because of its prototypical status and intrinsic interest, we simply must talk about the SU(5) theory.
In this section, we will limit our attention to the nonsupersymmetric version of SU(5) theory, which is how it was originally proposed. Unfortunately, this theory has since been ruled out by experiment; it predicts that protons will decay faster than the current lower bound
can be found in a review article by Witten [39], which also discusses the supersymmetric generalization of this theory.
It was the first grand unified theory and is still considered the prototypical example. As such, there are many accounts of it in the physics literature. The textbooks by Ross [31] and Mohapatra [21] both devote an entire chapter to the SU(5) theory, and a lucid summary
Why are there the same number of quarks and leptons? GUTs can shed light on these questions, using only group representation theory.		3.1. The SU(5) GUT. The SU(5) grand unified theory appeared in a 1974 paper by Howard Georgi and Sheldon Glashow [12].
Why do both leptons and quarks come in left-and right-handed varieties, which transform so differently? Why do quarks come in charges which are in units 1/3 times an electron’s charge?
Amazingly, this beauty then becomes a part of the physics. The representation of GSM used in the Standard Model seems ad hoc. Why this one? Why are all those seemingly arbitrary hypercharges floating around, mucking up some otherwise simple representations?
might be like, but so far there is no empirical evidence that any GUT is correct—and even some empirical evidence that some GUTs, like SU(5), are incorrect.
It is also, therefore, an attempt to describe the physics at higher energies.	GUTs are speculative physics. The Standard Model has been tested in countless experiments. There is a lot of evidence that it is an incomplete theory, and some vague clues about what the next theory
A grand unified theory, or GUT, constitutes a guess at what these “more symmetric” laws might be. It is a theory with more symmetry than the Standard Model, which reduces to the Standard Model at lower energies.
that some and perhaps all of them are massive. This allows them to change back and forth from one type to another, a phenomenon called “neutrino oscillation”.	.	No one knows why the Standard Model is this redundant, with three sets of very similar particles. It remains a mystery.
The second and third generations of quarks and charged leptons differ from the first by being more massive and able to decay into particles of the earlier generations. The various neutrinos do not decay, and for a long time it was thought they were massless, but now it is known
3rd Generation	Name       Symbol	Tau            ντ  	neutrino  	Tau             τ−
and three of leptons	Leptons by Generation 	1st Generation 	Name                       Symbol 	Electron                         νe	neutrino 	Electron                          e−	2nd Generation	 	Name     Symbol	Muon         vμ 	neutrino 	Muon         μ−
Quarks by Generation 	Generation 1st	Name Symbol 	Up             u	Down        d	Generation 2nd		Name Symbol 	Charm       c	Strange     s		Generation 3rd 	Name Symbol	Top           t	Bottom    b
In Section 3.3, we will learn about the Pati–Salam model, which explains this pattern by unifying quarks and leptons. Today, we know about three generations of fermions. Three of quarks:
Much later, in the 1970s, physicists realized there was also a second generation of quarks: the charm quark, c,and the strange quark, s. This was evidence of another pattern in the Standard Model: there are as many flavors of quark as there are leptons.
The muon decays via the weak force into an electron, a muon neutrino, and an electron antineutrino: 	μ− →e−+νμ+ν^e.
the neutrino we have been discussing so far is now called the electron neutrino, νe, to distinguish it from the muon neutrino, νμ. Together, the muon and the muon neutrino comprise the second generation of leptons.
As the physicist Rabi quipped at the time: “Who ordered that?” Dubbed the muon and denoted μ−, this new particle turned out to act like an overweight electron. Like the electron, it feels only the electromagnetic and weak force—and like the electron, it has its own neutrino! So,
At first researchers thought it was the particle predicted by Yukawa—the one that mediates the strong force between nucleons. But then it turned out the newly discovered particle was not affected by the strong force. This came as a complete surprise.
Yet we would be derelict in our duty if we did not mention the second and third generation of fermions. The first evidence for these came in the 1930s, when a charged particle 207 times as heavy as the electron was found.
The Standard Model has this gauge group: 	GSM =U(1)×SU(2)×SU(3).
Gauge Bosons 	Force          Gauge Boson  Symbol Electromagnetism Photon   γ 	Weak force   W and Z bosons W+, W− and Z 	Strong force Gluons             g
The quarks interact by the exchange of gluons, the gauge bosons of the strong force.	The gluons are fundamental particles, gauge bosons of the strong force, and they complete our table of gauge bosons:
The picture is simpler than that of electromagnetism and the weak force, however, because this symmetry is “unbroken”.
The force between nucleons is a side effect of these more fundamental interactions among quarks. Like all three forces in the Standard Model, the strong force is explained by a gauge theory, this time with gauge group SU(3), the color symmetry group of the quarks.
Now we need a force to keep quarks together inside the nucleons, and quark confinement tells us it must be a very strong force indeed. It is this force that, in modern parlance, is called the strong force and is considered fundamental.
2.3.4. Color and SU(3). There is one more fundamental force in the Standard Model: the strong force. We have already met this force, as the force that keeps the nucleus together, but we discussed it before we knew that protons and neutrons are made of quarks.
For the details on symmetry breaking and the Higgs mechanism, which is essential to understanding the Standard Model, see Huang [17]. For a quick overview, see Zee [40].
of the Standard Model. As of this writing, the Large Hadron Collider at CERN is beginning operations; searching for the Higgs boson is one of its primary aims.
the photon and the W and Z bosons, interact with a particle called the “Higgs boson”, and it is their differing interactions with this particle that makes them appear so different at low energies. The Higgs boson has yet to be observed and remains one of the most mysterious parts
The dynamics behind symmetry breaking are beyond the scope of this paper. We will just mention that, in the Standard Model, electroweak symmetry breaking is believed to be due to the “Higgs mechanism”. In this mechanism, all particles in the Standard Model, including
In particular, even if they do exist, we know very little about them. 	In a weak process such as neutron decay 	udd →uud+e−+ν,
For a long time, physicists believed this particle did not even exist, but recent observations of neutrino oscillations suggest otherwise. In this paper, we will assume there are right-handed neutrinos, but the reader should be aware that this is still open to some debate.
Why the weak force, and only the weak force, exhibits this behavior is a mystery. Since neutrinos only feel the weak force, and the weak force only involves left-handed particles, the right-handed neutrino νR has never been observed directly.
This fact about the weak force, first noticed in the 1950s, left a deep impression on physicists. 	No other physical law is asymmetric in left and right.	That is, no other physics, classical or quantum, looks different when viewed in a mirror.
and similarly for right-handed fermions, which we will denote with a subscript R.	Remarkably, the weak force interacts only with left-handed particles and right-handed antiparticles. For example, when the neutron decays, we always have 	nL →pL+e−L+ν^R and never 	nR →pR+e−R+νL
There are are left-handed leptons, which we denote as 	νL e−L and 	left-handed quarks, which we denote as 	uL dL
The weak force cares about the “handedness” of particles. It seems that every particle that we have discussed comes in left-and right-handed varieties, which (quite roughly speaking) spin in opposite ways.
In fact, the neutrino only interacts via the weak force. Like the electromagnetic force and the strong force, the weak force is a fundamental force, hypothesized to explain the decay of the neutron, and eventually required to explain other phenomena.
They interact very weakly with other particles, so weakly that they were not observed until the 1950s, over 20 years after they were hypothesized by Pauli. 	Collectively, neutrinos and electrons, the fundamental fermions that do not feel the strong force, are called leptons.
Neutrinos are particles which show up in certain interactions, such as the decay of a neutron into a proton, an electron, and an antineutrino n →p + e− + ν^		“antielectron” is called a positron.		Neutrinos carry no charge and no color.
The First Generation of Fermions  Name           Symbol       Charge 	Neutrino             ν                0	Electron             e−              -1	Up quark            u              +2/3	Down quark       d              -1/3
2.2.2. Leptons. With the quarks and electron, we have met all the fundamental fermions required to make atoms, and almost all of the particles we need to discuss the Standard Model. 	Only one player remains to be introduced: the neutrino, ν.
Confinement amounts to the following decree: all observed states must be white, i.e., invariant under the action of SU(3). It turns out that this has many consequences.
where C2 is spanned by the flavors u and d. 	Put another way, a first-generation quark comes in one of six flavor-color states. 	How could physicists discover the concept of color, given that quarks are confined? In fact, confinement was the key to this discovery!
The group SU(3) acts on each space. All six quarks taken together span this vector space: 	C3 ⊕ C3 ~= C2 ⊗ C3
Since both up and down quarks come in three color states, there are really six kinds of quarks in the matter we see around us. 	Three up quarks, spanning a copy of C3: ur,ug,ub ∈ C3. and 	three down quarks, spanning another copy of C3: dr,dg,db ∈ C3.
the names are quite well chosen. Mathematically, all that matters is that the Hilbert space for a single quark is C3; we call the standard basis vectors r, g and b.The color symmetry group SU(3) acts on this Hilbert space in the obvious way, via its fundamental representation.
It is especially impressive how physicists were able to discover that each flavor of quark comes in three different states, called colors: red r, green g,and blue b. 	These “colors” have nothing to do with actual colors; they are just cute names— though as we shall see,
Unfortunately, we do not have space for this history here, but it can be found in the books by Crease and Mann [8], Segr`e [33], and Pais [25].
They are always bunched up into particles such as the proton and neutron. 	This phenomenon is called confinement. 	It makes the long, convoluted history of how we came to understand quarks, despite the fact that they are never seen, all the more fascinating.
They are all we need to make protons and neutrons, and so, with the electron in tow, the above list contains all the particles we need to make atoms.	Yet quarks, fundamental as they are, are never seen in isolation.
Fundamental Fermions (second try) Name         Symbol Charge 	Electron          e−        −1 	Up quark         u        +2/3	Down quark   d          -1/3		There are more quarks than these, but these are the lightest ones, comprising the first generation.
These two conditions are enough to determine the charge of their constituents, which are fundamental fermions much like the electron:
The proton consists of two up quarks and one down: p =uud while the neutron consists of one up quark and two down: n =udd 		Protons have an electric charge of +1, exactly opposite the electron, while neutrons are neutral, with 0 charge.
There are a number of different types of quarks, called flavors. However, it takes only two flavors to make protons and neutrons: the up quark, u,and the down quark, d.
it was based on the idea that the proton, neutron and pions were all fundamental particles without internal structure, which was not ultimately supported by the evidence. 	Protons and neutrons are not fundamental. They are made of particles called quarks.
2.2. The fundamental fermions. 2.2.1. Quarks. In the last section, we learned how Heisenberg unified the proton and neutron into the nucleon, and that Yukawa proposed that nucleons interact by exchanging pions. This viewpoint turned out to be at least approximately true, but
It was called the pion and it came in three varieties: one with positive charge, the π+, one neutral, the π0, and one with negative charge, the π−.
Partially because of the intervention of World War II, it took over ten years for Yukawa’s prediction to be vindicated. After a famous false alarm, it became clear by 1947 that a particle with the expected properties had been found.
this particle should be about 200 times as massive as the electron, or about a tenth the mass of a proton. He predicted that experimentalists would find a particle with a mass in this range, and that it would interact strongly when it collided with nuclei.
In the early 1930s, he predicted the existence of a particle that mediates the strong force, much as the photon mediates the electromagnetic force. From known properties of the strong force, he was able to predict that
.. there must be a mechanism which can convert protons into neutrons and vice versa. Mathematically, we have a way to do this: the action of SU(2). What does this correspond to, physically? The answer originates in the work of Hideki Yukawa.
These symmetries hold for the strong force, but not for electromagnetism: we say this force “breaks” SU(2) symmetry.
electromagnetic effects. One can phrase this idea in terms of group representation theory as follows: 		The strong force is invariant under the action of SU(2). 		Though this idea was later seen to be an oversimplification, it foreshadowed modern ideas about unification.
.. the strong force, unlike the electromagnetic force, is the same whether the particles involved are protons or neutrons. Protons and neutrons are interchangeable, as long as we neglect the small difference in their mass, and most importantly, as long as we neglect
L^2([0,1] ∪ [2,3]) ~= 	L^2([0,1]) ⊕ L2([2,3]). 	In general, if a system’s state can lie in a Hilbert space V or in a Hilbert space W, the total Hilbert space is then V ⊕W. Heuristically, 	or = ⊕
one box, say [0,1], or in another box, say [2,3]. The Hilbert space here is
their tensor product V ⊗W is the Hilbert space of the combined system. Heuristically, 	and = ⊗	We just discussed the Hilbert space for two particles in a single box. 		We now consider the Hilbert space for a single particle in two boxes, by which we mean a particle that is in
but this is isomorphic to the tensor product of particle 1’s Hilbert space with particle 2’s: 		L^2([0,1] × [0,1]) ~= 	L^2([0,1]) ⊗ L^2([0,1])		This is how we combine systems in general. If a system consists of one part with Hilbert space V and another part with Hilbert space W,
In modern terms, he attempted to unify the proton and neutron.		We have special rules for combining quantum systems. If, say, we have two particles in a box, particle 1 and particle 2, then the state is a function of both particle 1’s position and particle 2’s.
About 1932, Werner Heisenberg, pioneer in quantum mechanics, discovered one of the first clues to its nature. He proposed, in [15], that the proton and neutron might really be two states of the same particle, now called the nucleon.
for protons are repelled electrically unless their separation is that small. Neutrons must also experience it, because they are bound to the nucleus as well.
To hold these particles so closely together, physicists hypothesized a new force, the strong force, strong enough to overcome the electric repulsion of the protons. It must be strongest only at short distances (about 10^−15 m), and then it must fall off rapidly,
2.1. Isospin and SU(2). 	Because like charges repel, it is remarkable that the atomic nucleus stays together. After all, the protons are all positively charged and are repelled from each other electrically.
Gauge Bosons (first try)	Force             Gauge Boson Symbol	Electromagnetism Photon         γ
As a mediator of forces, the photon	is known as a gauge boson in modern parlance. It is massless and interacts only with charged particles, though it carries no charge itself. So, we begin our list of gauge bosons as follows:
but whose effects we witness whenever like charges are repelled or opposite charges are attracted. 		The photon is our next example of a fundamental particle, though it is of a different character than the electron and quarks.
Since the electron is charged, it participates in electromagnetic interactions.	From the modern perspective of quantum field theory, electromagnetic interactions	are mediated by the exchange of virtual photons, particles of light that we never see in the lab,
Fundamental Fermions (first try)	Name     Symbol     Charge	Electron       e−           −1
before the discovery of the electron. Electrons are the only one of these subatomic particles still considered fundamental, and it is with this	venerable particle that we begin a table of the basic constituents of matter, called “fundamental fermions”. 	We will see more soon.
Opposite charges attract, and this keeps the electrons and the nucleus together.	At one point in time, electrons, protons, and neutrons were all believed to be fundamental and without any constituent parts, just as atoms themselves were	once believed to be,
any atom’s structure, they are responsible for all chemistry. They are held close to the nucleus by electromagnetic forces: the electrons carry a negative electric charge, and protons carry a positive charge.
https://t.co/it0dl7v7Bq	2. The standard model	Today, most educated people know that the world is made of atoms, and that atoms, in turn, are made of electrons, protons, and neutrons. The electrons orbit a dense nucleus made of protons and neutrons, and as the outermost layer of
Department of Mathematics, University of California, Riverside, California 92521	E-mail address: baez@math.ucr.edu	Department of Mathematics, University of California, Riverside, California 92521	E-mail address: huerta@math.ucr.edu
Princeton Univ. Press, Princeton, 2003.	MR1978227 (2004i:81003)
[39] Edward Witten, Grand unification with and without supersymmetry, in Introduction to su-	persymmetry in particle and nuclear physics, O. Castanos, A. Frank, L. Urrutia, eds., Plenum	Press, 1984, pp. 53–76. MR758626	[40] Anthony Zee, Quantum Field Theory in a Nutshell,
Cambridge Univ. Press, 1999.	MR1699269 (2000h:81002)	[38] Michael Tinkham, Group Theory and Quantum Mechanics, Dover, Mineola, New York, 2003.
Also available at	https://t.co/1w5unCcNhH∼mark/qft.html.	[36] Anthony Sudbery, Quantum Mechanics and the Particles of Nature: An Outline for Mathe-	maticians, Cambridge Univ. Press, Cambridge, 1986. MR2245407	[37] Robin Ticciati, Quantum Field Theory for Mathematicians,
to Quarks: Modern Physicists and Their Discoveries, W.H.	Freeman, San Francisco, 1980.	[34] Shlomo Sternberg, Group Theory and Physics, Cambridge Univ. Press, Cambridge, 1995.	MR1287387 (95i:20001)	[35] Mark Srednicki, Quantum Field Theory, Cambridge Univ. Press, 2007.
West-	view Press, 1995. MR1402248 (97j:81001)	[31] Graham G. Ross, Grand Unified Theories, Benjamin/Cummings, 1985. MR783830	(86c:81097)	[32] Lewis H. Ryder, Quantum Field Theory, Cambridge Univ. Press, Cambridge, 1996.	MR1404519 (97h:81001)	[33] Emilio Segr`e, From X-Rays
[28] Jogesh C. Pati and Abdus Salam, Lepton number as the fourth “color”, Phys. Rev. D 10	(1974), 275–289.	[29] Michael E. Peskin, Beyond the Standard Model, available at arXiv:hep-ph/970549.	[30] Michael E. Peskin and Dan V. Schroeder, An Introduction to Quantum Field Theory,
challenge for experiment, available at arXiv:hep-ph/0005095.	[27] Jogesh C. Pati, Probing grand unification through neutrino oscillations, leptogenesis,	and proton decay, Int. J. Mod. Phys. A 18 (2003), 4135–4156. Also available at	arXiv:hep-ph/0305221.
MR1744816 (2001g:53058)	[24] Mikio Nakahara, Geometry, Topology, and Physics, Academic Press, 1983.	[25] Abraham Pais, Inward Bound: Of Matter and Forces in the Physical World, Oxford Univer-	sity Press, 1988.	[26] Jogesh C. Pati, Proton decay: A must for theory, a
Physics, Springer, 1992. MR854671 (87j:81276)	[22] Gregory L. Naber, Topology, Geometry and Gauge Fields: Foundations, Springer, Berlin,	1997. MR1444352 (99b:58001)	[23] Gregory L. Naber, Topology, Geometry and Gauge Fields: Interactions, Springer, Berlin,	2000.
[19] T. D. Lee, Particle Physics and Introduction to Field Theory, Harwood, 1981. MR633154	(83d:81001)	[20] Harry J. Lipkin, Lie Groups for Pedestrians, Dover, Mineola, New York, 2002. MR1918338	[21] R. N. Mohapatra, Unification and Supersymmetry: The Frontiers of Quark-Lepton
[17] Kerson Huang, Quarks, Leptons &amp; Gauge Fields, World Scientific, Singapore, 1992.	MR704019 (84k:81138)	[18] Chris Isham, Modern Differential Geometry for Physicists, World Scientific, Singapore, 1999.	MR1698234 (2000e:53001)
English translation in D. M. Brink,	Nuclear Forces, Pergamon, Oxford, 1965, pp. 144–154.	[16] Laurie Brown, Max Dresden, Lillian Hoddeson and Michael Riordan, eds., The Rise of the	Standard Model, Cambridge Univ. Press, Cambridge, 1997. MR1601138 (98h:81002)
[13] David Griffiths, Introduction to Elementary Particles, Wiley, New York 1987.	[14] Brian Hall, Lie Groups, Lie Algebras, and Representations, Springer, Berlin, 2003.	MR1997306 (2004i:22001)	[15] Werner Heisenberg, Zeitschr. f. Phys. 77 (1932), 1;
[11] Howard Georgi, Lie Algebras in Particle Physics: From Isospin to Unified Theories, West-	view Press, Boulder, Colorado, 1999. MR644800 (83e:81089)	[12] Howard Georgi and Sheldon Glashow, Unity of all elementary-particle forces, Phys. Rev. Lett.	32(8) Feb 1974, 438–441.
[9] Andrzej Derdzinski, Geometry of the Standard Model of Elementary Particles, Springer, Berlin, 1992. MR1219312 (95f:81101)	[10] Howard Georgi, The state of the art—gauge theories, in Particles and Fields—1974, ed. Carl E. Carlson, AIP Conference Proc. 23, 1975, pp. 575–582.
in Twentieth-Century Physics, Rutgers University Press, New Brunswick, New Jersey, 1996.	MR1677561 (2000f:81002)
[7] Benedict Cassen and Edward U. Condon, On Nuclear Forces, Phys. Rev. 50 (1936), 846,	reprinted in D. M. Brink, Nuclear Forces, Pergamon, Oxford, 1965, pp. 193–201.	[8] Robert P. Crease and Charles C. Mann, The Second Creation: Makers of the Revolution
a reappraisal, available at arXiv:0903.4049.	[5] Lowell Brown, Quantum Field Theory, Cambridge Univ. Press, Cambridge, 1994.	MR1231339 (94h:81002)	[6] Claude Chevalley, The Algebraic Theory of Spinors and Clifford Algebras, Springer, Berlin,	1996. MR1636473 (99f:01028)
[3] John C. Baez and Javier P. Muniain, Gauge Fields, Knots and Gravity, World Scientific,	Singapore, 1994. MR1313910 (95k:83001)	[4] Stefano Bertolini, Luca Di Luzio and Michal Malinsky, Intermediate mass scales in the non-	supersymmetric SO(10) grand unification:
References	[1] J. F. Adams, Lectures on Exceptional Lie Groups, Zafer Mahmoud and Mamoru Mimura,	eds., University of Chicago Press, Chicago, 1996. MR1428422 (98b:22001)	[2] M. F. Atiyah, R. Bott and A. Shapiro, Clifford modules, Topology 3 (1964), 3–38. MR0167985	(29:5250)
Crease and Mann [8] give a very readable introduction. 	To dig deeper, try the book by Segr`e [33], or 	the still more detailed treatments by Pais [25] and Hoddeson et al. [16].
Finally, few things are more enjoyable than the history of nuclear and particle physics, a romantic tale full of heroic figures and tightly linked to 	the dark drama of World War II, 	the Manhattan Project, 	and the ensuing Cold War.
The quantum field theory texts mentioned above also discuss gauge theory, but in language less familiar to mathematicians.
Naber’s books are a great place to start [22, 23], and one of us has also written an elementary introduction [3]. 	Isham’s text is elegant and concise [18], and many people swear by Nakahara [24].
Particle physics also relies heavily on geometry, especially gauge theory. 	This subject is easier to develop in a rigorous way, so there are plenty of texts that describe the applications to physics, but which a mathematician can easily understand.
but anyone serious about this subject should quickly accept the fact that quantum field	theory has not been made rigorous: this is a project for the century to come.
Srednicki’s text [35] is clear	about many details that other books gloss over, and it costs nothing! Of course, these books are geared toward physicists: mathematicians may find the lack of rigor frustrating. Ticciati [37] provides a nice introduction for mathematicians,
Many physicists consider the books by Brown [5] and Ryder [32] to be the most approachable.	The text by Peskin and Schroeder [30] offers a lot of physical insight, and we have also found Zee’s book [40] very useful in this respect.
Particle physics relies heavily on quantum field theory. There are many books on this subject, none of which make it easy. Prerequisites include a good understanding of classical mechanics, classical field theory and quantum mechanics.
For more information on grand unified theories, see the textbooks by Ross [31] and Mohapatra [21].
Sudbery’s text specially designed for mathematicians [36]. 	The book by Huang [17] delves as	deep as one can go into the Standard Model without a heavy dose of quantum field theory, and the book by Lee [19] is full of practical wisdom.
For the interested reader, there are many introductions to particle physics where one can learn the dynamics after getting a taste of the algebra here.	It might be good to start by reading Griffiths’ introductory book [13] together with
to particle physics. 	To see the subject more through the eyes of a physicist, try the books by Lipkin [20] or Tinkham [38]. 	Georgi’s text [11] shows how the subject looks to one of the inventors of grand unified theories.
https://t.co/it0dl7v7Bq	..	There are countless books on Lie groups, Lie algebras and their representations, but the text by Hall [14] has everything we need, and more. 	Sternberg’s introduction to group theory and physics [34] includes an excellent account of applications
This allows us to reduce the prerequisites to a bare minimum while still giving a taste of the profound puzzles that physicists are struggling to solve.
In this expository account for mathematicians, we explain only the portion of these theories that involves finite-dimensional group representations.
theories that unify forces and particles by extending the Standard Model symmetry group U(1)×SU(2)×SU(3) to a larger group. These three are Georgi and Glashow's SU(5) theory, Georgi's theory based on the group Spin(10) and the Pati-Salam model based on the group SU(2)×SU(2)×SU(4)
Abstract	 	The Standard Model is the best tested and most widely accepted theory of elementary particles we have today. It may seem complicated and arbitrary, but it has hidden patterns that are revealed by the relationship between three "grand unified theories" :
Article		John Baez and John Huerta 		The algebra of grand unified theories		Journal: Bull. Amer. Math. Soc. 47 (2010), 483-552 		abstract :	https://t.co/DcoFHE9YDm		pdf :	https://t.co/it0dl7v7Bq
Unsolved problem in physics:		Are the three forces of the Standard Model unified at high energies? By which symmetry is this unification governed? Can Grand Unification explain the number of fermion generations and their masses?
.. due to the lack of any observed effect of grand unification so far, there is no generally accepted GUT model.
Unifying gravity with the electronuclear interaction would provide a theory of everything (TOE) rather than a GUT. GUTs are often seen as an intermediate step towards a TOE.
GUT models predict that at even higher energy, the strong interaction and the electroweak interaction will unify into a single electronuclear interaction.
Experiments have confirmed that at high energy, the electromagnetic interaction and weak interaction unify into a single electroweak interaction.
https://t.co/gluTCUuw2n	A Grand Unified Theory (GUT) is a model in particle physics in which, at high energy, the three gauge interactions of 	the Standard Model that define the electromagnetic, weak, and strong interactions, or forces, are merged into a single force.
seamless whole: a single theory that, in principle, is capable of describing all phenomena. In pursuit of this goal, quantum gravity has become an area of active research.
(i.e., the moment immediately following the Big Bang). To resolve this conflict, a theoretical framework revealing a deeper underlying reality, unifying gravity with the other three interactions, must be discovered to harmoniously integrate the realms of GR and QFT into a
the two theories be used. As it turns out, this incompatibility between GR and QFT is apparently only an issue in regions of extremely small scale and high mass, such as those that exist within a black hole or during the beginning stages of the universe
In accordance with their findings, scientists also learned that GR and QFT, as they are currently formulated, are mutually incompatible – they cannot both be right. Since the usual domains of applicability of GR and QFT are so different, most situations require that only one of
Through years of research, physicists have experimentally confirmed with tremendous accuracy virtually every prediction made by these two theories when in their appropriate domains of applicability.
unified the interactions (so-called Grand Unified Theory) between the three non-gravitational forces: strong, weak, and electromagneticforce.
On the other hand, QFT is a theoretical framework that only focuses on three non-gravitational forces for understanding the universe in regions of both small scale and low mass: sub-atomic particles, atoms, molecules, etc. QFT successfully implemented the Standard Model and
GR is a theoretical framework that only focuses on gravity for understanding the universe in regions of both large scale and high mass: stars, galaxies, clusters of galaxies, etc.
https://t.co/dNW6Ag9VEv	Over the past few centuries, two theoretical frameworks have been developed that, as a whole, most closely resemble a TOE(Theory of Everything).These two theories upon which all modern physics rests are general relativity(GR) and quantum field theory(QFT).
Neutrinos can also be used for tomography of the interior of the earth.
beyond the Standard Model of particle physics, such as neutrinoless double beta decay, which would be evidence for violation of lepton number conservation. 	(ed. unfamiliar with 3 neutrino types, CP, leptonic sector, leptogenesis, double beta decay, lepton number? bear with me)
There is intense research activity involving neutrinos, with goals that include the determination of the three neutrino mass values, the measurement of the degree of CP violation in the leptonic sector (leading to leptogenesis); and searches for evidence of physics
The majority of neutrinos in the vicinity of the Earth are from nuclear reactions in the Sun. In the vicinity of the Earth, about 65 billion (6.5×10^10) solar neutrinos per second pass through every square centimeter perpendicular to the direction of the Sun.
during a supernova, in the spin-down of a neutron star, or when accelerated particle beams or cosmic rays strike atoms.
Neutrinos are created by various radioactive decays, including in beta decay of atomic nuclei or hadrons, nuclear reactions such as those that take place in the core of a star or artificially in nuclear reactors, nuclear bombs or particle accelerators,
The first use of a hydrogen bubble chamber to detect neutrinos, on 13 Nov. 1970, at Argonne National Laboratory. Here a neutrino hits a proton in a hydrogen atom; the collision occurs at the point where three tracks emanate on the right of the photograph. https://t.co/X9H6m6cRIY
The first use of a hydrogen bubble chamber to detect neutrinos, on 13 November 1970, at Argonne National Laboratory. Here a neutrino hits a proton in a hydrogen atom; the collision occurs at the point where three tracks emanate on the right of the photograph. https://t.co/X9H6m6cRIY
First observation of neutrino in a hydrogen bubble chamber in 1970	https://t.co/nrIJhIrTg9
and neutrinos do not participate in the strong interaction. Thus, neutrinos typically pass through normal matter unimpeded and undetected.
The neutrino is so named because it is electrically neutral and because its rest mass is so small (-ino) that it was long thought to be zero. 	The weak force has a very short range, the gravitational interaction is extremely weak,
https://t.co/FODXGtGdTZ	A neutrino is an elementary particle that interacts only via the weak subatomic force and gravity. 	The mass of the neutrino is much smaller than that of the other known elementary particles.
a more fundamental theory awaits discovery 	(See Theory of Everything). 	In recent years, measurements of neutrino mass have provided the first experimental deviations from the Standard Model. 	[clarification needed]
https://t.co/Aae5SygNpy	The Standard Model has been found to agree with almost all the experimental tests conducted to date. However, most particle physicists believe that it is an incomplete description of nature and that
yes you are a senator by getting votes from people and yes you have experience. but no you do not show compassion for humanity, you hold your ears too tight even screaming voices from children don't make it to your cold heart. 	Rulers rule with votes, leaders feel and lead. https://t.co/skdqdldPHT
RT @SoniaKatiMota: WARNING👇Scarcely Populated Area	#Colombia:Thousands are turning out for a #AidLive gig in #Cucuta,planned on the day bf…
RT @EmyPalestine: Good night from Palestine https://t.co/UEY6pCsgnj
RT @EmyPalestine: Ya Allah, a father carrying his son's dead body in Gaza... 		Rest in peace yousuf... https://t.co/7NCnb6xzVN
RT @virgingalactic: SpaceShipTwo's rocket motor burn from today's space flight 🚀 https://t.co/SC4hJSt33Z
RT @BDSIndonesia: Palestinian child shot dead by Israeli sniper near Gaza border https://t.co/B6d1ITXKEF https://t.co/sXYzOet12e
RT @DrWalidAmer1: Terrorist Zionist soldiers fire teargas canisters and live ammunition excessively to disperse the weekly #GreatReturnMarc…
RT @ColinMair3: @Rainmaker1973 Tommy Flowers shouldn't be forgotten.		https://t.co/9cvigw6Z2V
RT @salfromflushing: @Rainmaker1973 The name of that movie is THE IMITATION GAME. You get some insight of Alan Turing.
RT @wolfniya: @blogisch @jbarrpartarr Yes, they used what they called 'cribs', predictable strings of text likely to occur in a message. Pa…
RT @virtualcourtney: @Rainmaker1973 To clarify, it was not through trial and error. It first reduced the problem using algebra thanks to Po…
RT @Kuanggrade_mkXI: @Rainmaker1973 It was cracked by Polish Intelligence. Turing only improved their method. https://t.co/iKqBFkX0uQ
RT @karlorrr: @Rainmaker1973 This is misleading. Polish intelligence were able to smuggle the Enigma machine to the UK, which enabled the A…
RT @feliciahsiehsw: @karlorrr @Rainmaker1973 Enigma messages were broken due to a number of factors, definitely not brute force.	According…
RT @Rainmaker1973: There were over 158,962,555,217,826,360,000 combinations to the Enigma Machine, regarding the codes it could use for mes…
Marc Henry	Professor of Chemistry, Materials Science and Quantum Physics, University of Strasbourg.		Andrew Jordan	Professor of Physics, University of Rochester.		Juan Uriagereka	Professor of Linguistics, University of Maryland.
Richard Lindzen	Alfred P. Sloan Emeritus Professor of Meteorology at MIT. Member of the US National Academy of Sciences.		David Gelernter	Professor of Computer Science at Yale. Member of the US National Council of the Arts.
Andrew Chi-Chih Yao	Member of the U.S. National Academy of Science. Member of the Chinese Academy of Science. Professor and the Dean of Institute for Interdisciplinary Information Sciences at Tsinghua University.
Pierre Schapira	Professor Emeritus at Sorbonne University.		Jean-Pierre Luminet	Director of Research at the CNRS Astrophysics Laboratory in Marseille and the Paris Observatory.
Arthur Jaffe	L. T. Clay Professor of Mathematics and Theoretical Science at Harvard University. Member of the US National Academy of Sciences.		Richard Roberts	Nobel Laureate in Physiology or Medicine. Fellow of the Royal Society.
Édouard Brézin	Professor Emeritus at the Université Pierre et Marie Curie in Paris, Honorary Professor at the Ecole Polytechnique, member and former President of the Académie des Sciences. Awarded the Dirac Medal in 2011.
George Ellis	Fellow of the Royal Society and Emeritus Distinguished Professor of Complex Systems in the Department of Mathematics and Applied Mathematics at the University of Cape Town.
Noam Chomsky	Institute Professor and Professor of Linguistics, Emeritus, at MIT. Member of the US National Academy of Sciences.
Barry Barish	Nobel Laureate in Physics, Linde Professor, Emeritus, at the California Institute of Technology. Member of the US National Academy of Sciences.
Board of Editors		Sheldon Lee Glashow	Nobel Laureate in Physics, Metcalf Professor of Mathematics and Physics, Emeritus, at Boston University, and Higgins Professor of Physics, Emeritus, at Harvard University.
Excerpt:		FOUNDED IN 2014, 	Inference: International Review of Science is an independent quarterly review of the sciences. 		Although the editors have every intention of appealing to experts for advice, Inference is not a peer-reviewed journal.		https://t.co/bPALVK00ZF
@shva9834 E8 lattice ?
Here we summarize the challenges and opportunities that come with the use of machine learning at the frontiers of particle physics.
extremely large and information-rich data samples. The use of machine-learning techniques is revolutionizing how we interpret these data samples, greatly increasing the discovery potential of present and future experiments.
Abstract		Our knowledge of the fundamental particles of nature and their interactions is summarized by the standard model of particle physics. Advancing our understanding in this field has required experiments that operate at ever higher energies and intensities, which produce
epdf: 		https://t.co/nZTDebcTgP
abstract :	https://t.co/eEaIUnVQRI
Alexander Radovic, 	Mike Williams, David Rousseau, Michael Kagan, Daniele Bonacorsi, Alexander Himmel, Adam Aurisano, Kazuhiro Terao &amp; Taritree Wongjirad 		Machine learning at the energy and intensity frontiers of particle physics		Nature volume 560, pages 41–48 (2018) https://t.co/dW8Tu27vLM
American Physical Society Publishes 60th Anniversary Edition of the Review of Particle Physics https://t.co/rde4KKTKDU via @BerkeleyLab
https://t.co/AXlqoUasgb
https://t.co/L4aZLTkg3p https://t.co/DqglbebFbb
CPEP materials present the current understanding of the fundamental nature of matter and energy, incorporating the major research findings of recent years. During the last twenty years, CPEP has distributed almost half a million copies of its charts and other products.
https://t.co/tb0qO9mxdF	The Contemporary Physics Education Project is a non-profit organization of teachers, educators, and physicists located around the world.
Whether there are additional particles and/or interactions that are discoverable with colliders we can build on Earth is a debatable subject, but one we’ll only know the answer to if we explore past the known energy and precision frontiers.
The Standard Model of particle physics accounts for three of the four forces (excepting gravity), the full suite of discovered particles, and all of their interactions.		Source: CONTEMPORARY PHYSICS EDUCATION PROJECT / DOE / NSF / LBNL via Forbes https://t.co/WKieuSRe1J
..	the proton is made of three quarks: two up quarks and a down quark, which couple to the strong force via the gluons.
Have mass? You couple to the Higgs. This includes the Higgs boson, which couples to itself.		Have electric, weak, or strong charges? You couple to the appropriate bosons: the photons, W-and-Z, or gluons, respectively.
via Forbes.		Photons, gluons, and W-and-Z bosons couple to all particles that experience the electromagnetic, strong, and weak nuclear forces, respectively.
The Higgs boson, with its mass now known, couples to the quarks, leptons, and W-and-Z bosons of the Standard Model, which gives them mass. That it doesn’t directly couple to the photon and gluons means those particles remain massless. 		Source: Tritertbutoxy at English Wikipedia https://t.co/uEDr7Pi1mH
..	our understanding of the proton has gotten more sophisticated, with gluons, sea quarks, and interactions between them and the valence quarks coming into play.		Source: Brookhaven National Laboratory via Forbes https://t.co/KjWL444sx7
LHC	The collisions result in debris that scatters through the enormous detectors constructed around the collision points, recording the outgoing particle tracks and enabling us to reconstruct what was created, and how.
LHC	colliding bunches of protons into other bunches of protons at 99.999999% the speed of light every few nanoseconds.
The Large Hadron Collider is the most powerful particle accelerator ever built by humanity.		The inside of the LHC, where protons pass each other at 299,792,455 m/s, just 3 m/s shy of the speed of light. 		Source: CERN via Forbes https://t.co/372sJWgQtl
RT @virgingalactic: Our Chief Astronaut Trainer, Beth Moses, experienced zero-g float time as SpaceShipTwo reached apogee today. Three new…
RT @virgingalactic: SpaceShipTwo reached an apogee of:	55.87miles	295,007ft	89.9km
@SpaceExpoLBCC thanks @SpaceExpoLBCC !
RT @SpaceExpoLBCC: Woke up to our 100 followers! As per tradition (that I definitely didn’t just make up), here is @ahmetkirac, our 100th f…
RT @virgingalactic: SpaceShipTwo is back on Earth after landing smoothly at @MojaveAirport.
RT @virgingalactic: Touch down, SpaceShipTwo
RT @virgingalactic: Landing gear down on SpaceShipTwo as it comes in for landing at @MojaveAirport
RT @virgingalactic: SpaceShipTwo at 35,000ft on way back to @MojaveAirport
RT @virgingalactic: SpaceShipTwo feather retracting
RT @virgingalactic: Passing through 100,000ft at Mach 1.3 on way home
RT @virgingalactic: SpaceShipTwo begins descent
RT @virgingalactic: SpaceShipTwo enters coast phase. Tail-booms raised into “feathered” re-entry position
RT @virgingalactic: Rocket motor shut down. Momentum keeps SpaceShipTwo travelling upwards.
RT @virgingalactic: Mach 3.0
RT @virgingalactic: Mach 2.5
RT @virgingalactic: Mach 2.0
RT @virgingalactic: SpaceShipTwo travelling at Mach 1.4
RT @virgingalactic: SpaceShipTwo's rocket motor has been ignited by our pilots Dave Mackay and Mike 'Sooch' Masucci. SpaceShipTwo is pointe…
RT @virgingalactic: L-minus 1 minute until the release of SpaceShipTwo from our mothership WhiteKnightTwo
RT @virgingalactic: Release, release, release! SpaceShipTwo is flying free, having separated cleanly from its mothership WhiteKnightTwo
RT @virgingalactic: SpaceShipTwo, welcome back to space
RT @Superkongen: Two non-EU countries, and two non-NATO countries in the top three. #EU #NATO #Brexit #GiletsJaunes #YellowVests https://t.…
RT @virgingalactic: Our third crew member on SpaceShipTwo today is Beth Moses, our Chief Astronaut Instructor at @VirginGalactic and our ca…
RT @virgingalactic: WhiteKnightTwo and SpaceShipTwo now at 23,000ft and rising smoothly to around 45,000ft at which point SpaceShipTwo will…
RT @virgingalactic: WhiteKnightTwo is taking SpaceShipTwo to release altitude at which point SpaceShipTwo will be released and the rocket m…
RT @virgingalactic: Take off! WhiteKnightTwo and SpaceShipTwo have taken to the skies as our team watch on below.
https://t.co/T8Uh45TraG
RT @SpaceXUpdates: Flight Readiness Review is set for today. Press conference discussing the details of that review can be seen on NASA TV…
RT @giawtears: a girl at my school just committed suicide. she wore a hijab to school everyday, proud of her religion, as she should be, on…
RT @SpaceX: Successful deployment of Nusantara Satu to geosynchronous transfer orbit confirmed—completing SpaceX’s 70th mission! https://t.…
RT @SpaceX: Back live for satellite deployment → https://t.co/gtC39uBC7z
RT @SpaceX: Webcast returns in ~8 minutes for satellite deployment
RT @SpaceX: Successful deployment of the SpaceIL lunar lander confirmed, starting the spacecraft’s two-month voyage to the Moon https://t.c…
RT @SpaceX: Back live for lunar lander deployment → https://t.co/gtC39uBC7z
RT @SpaceX: Second stage is now in coast phase. The webcast will return in about 16 minutes for second stage engine restart and the first o…
RT @SpaceX: Falcon 9 first stage has landed on the Of Course I Still Love You droneship, completing this booster’s third launch and landing…
RT @SpaceX: Second stage engine cutoff confirmed.
RT @SpaceX: Main engine cutoff and stage separation confirmed. Second stage engine burn underway. https://t.co/bDt2z62HGI
RT @SpaceX: Liftoff! https://t.co/Cd8nGQwrhd
RT @SpaceX: Also inside Falcon 9’s fairing is SpaceIL’s lunar spacecraft https://t.co/uKk9c4cDnH
RT @SpaceX: The SSL built Nusantara Satu satellite was encapsulated in Falcon 9’s fairing last week and is go for launch https://t.co/m3Yev…
RT @SpaceX: Falcon 9’s first stage rocket booster launched twice last year to deliver the Iridium-7 and SAOCOM 1A payloads to orbit https:/…
RT @SpaceX: Falcon 9 and Nusantara Satu are vertical on Pad 40 ahead of today’s launch window, which opens at 8:45 p.m. EST, 1:45 UTC → htt…
RT @SpaceX: Targeting March 2 for Crew Dragon's first flight to the @Space_Station https://t.co/oJRtDhV3aL https://t.co/lLw1FJHLvI
RT @SpaceXJobs: The names of SpaceX employees are riding along with Starman on his journey through space https://t.co/KQLqEEodkI
RT @SpaceX: One year ago today https://t.co/lAjw1HC8d5
RT @SpaceXUpdates: Congratulations to @SpaceX, @TeamSpaceIL and @PSNengage on a successful launch.		#NusantaraSatu #SpaceX #Falcon9
RT @SpaceXUpdates: Nusantara Satu DEPLOY CONFIRMED!		Complete mission success!		#NusantaraSatu #SpaceX #Falcon9 https://t.co/wHGqfY1GIE
RT @SpaceXUpdates: And 1st payload deploy confirmed! Good luck on your trip to the Moon, Beresheet!		#NusantaraSatu #SpaceX #Falcon9
RT @SpaceXUpdates: Ignition! Second stage has re-lit!		#NusantaraSatu #SpaceX #Falcon9 https://t.co/VQl6FLyzw1
RT @SpaceXUpdates: Welcome back for the third time, B1048.		#NusantaraSatu #SpaceX #Falcon9 https://t.co/S0WjUTkEaU
RT @SpaceXUpdates: LIFTOFF!		#NusantaraSatu #SpaceX #Falcon9 https://t.co/4fpT8p3DAm
A first connection between both theories is given at the end of the paper.
the universe nowadays) obviating the dark energy. From both models we can derive a version of Modified Newtonian Dynamics (MOND) observed in the dynamics of the astronomical objects obviating the dark matter and explaining other astronomical anomalies.
directly the modified Friedmann acceleration equation for the dynamical evolution of the universe. Improvements of this equation using the quantum corrections will realize the inflation at high energy scales and the late-time acceleration (i.e. the accelerated expansion of
holographic scenario can give the correct dynamics of the universe. The introduction of a two-holographic screens one comparable to the Hubble horizon and a second screen that takes into account the contribution of all the matter between the test particle and the observer gives
Abstract		This paper attempts to connect two new gravitational mechanisms: the Verlinde's holographic model of gravity and the modification of inertia resulting from a Hubble-scale Casimir effect (MiHsC) of McCulloch. First we give a short survey about how the
JAUME GINÉ		The holographic scenario, the modified inertia and the dynamics of the universe		Modern Physics Letters A	Vol. 27, No. 34, 1250208 (2012)		abstract :	https://t.co/AchTZ9ErhA		pdf :	https://t.co/8HyyzLRpgJ
dated October 2016	EmDrive: British scientist's 'new physics' theory accidentally proves controversial space propulsion works https://t.co/ikromlGSnO
https://t.co/PJNeyS3joS
https://t.co/QMmhLvy15c
RT @AlinaMeridon: Physics from the Edge	#BookReview #physics #cosmology #McCulloch #inertia https://t.co/kXW0J6vbqm
https://t.co/z0B7Ak5BNq https://t.co/fD9EgxP3bY
nonlinear optical mixing of the surface plasmons with the Unruh quanta is supposed to be enhanced by many orders of magnitude.		figures:	https://t.co/fUzvz0xC6I https://t.co/gfKRNBE2Hz
Abstract		Photoluminescence from a gold nanotip, which is induced by surface plasmons propagating over a curved tapered nanotip surface is considered in a co-moving accelerated reference frame. Similar to the surface-enhanced Raman scattering (SERS) effect,
abstract :	https://t.co/fUzvz0xC6I		pdf :	https://t.co/UFiMl6J2PA
I. Smolyaninov		Photoluminescence from a gold nanotip in an accelerated reference frame		Physics Letters A		Volume 372, Issue 47, 24 November 2008, Pages 7043-7045		Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Maryland, College Park, MD 20742, USA
Gaining a fundamental understanding of the properties of materials at the atomic scale has been a major goal driving basic research in condensed matter and materials physics.
Experimental Condensed Matter Research	https://t.co/16CVy221Pg
https://t.co/CsFhGVr7X7
Prof. Edward Flagg studies light-matter interactions at the level of single photons. Current topics of interest include the coherence of single photons emitted by quantum dots, coherent control of electron spin degrees of freedom, and spin-photon interfaces.
In addition, the structure and defects in optical materials is being characterized by non-optical methods, e.g. electro-paramagnetic resonance, magnetic resonance imaging and x-ray diffraction.
for generating radiation in regions of the electromagnetic spectrum that are difficult to access, and for probing magnetic and crystal order. The coherent properties of laser light is also be used to control quantum optical processes.
Several groups use short laser pulses to capture fast phenomena in different physical systems and phases of matter on nanoseconds or femtosecond time scales. Intense laser pulses are being used for high-resolution optical microscopy by exploiting nonlinear optical effects,
Excerpt:	Researchers are optically probing the interactions of biomolecules, developing and characterizing optoelectronic and photonic materials, studying interfaces in magnetic and multiferroic materials, exploring plasma dynamics and optical trapping of atoms.
West Virginia University 	Optical Photonics and Laser Physics Research	https://t.co/9R5t69rs84
“Tesla did an outstanding job,” Scaringe said. “They pulled customers out of luxury cars and even the Toyota Prius. You’ll see us pulling people out of Land Rovers, BMWs, Subarus and Teslas.”
a spirit of adventure, but with clean emissions and great technology, including over-the-air updates. If he delivers, Musk’s success suggests Scaringe has a chance to be greeted with broad appeal.
At a briefing for journalists in November, Scaringe said Rivian was looking to do for autos what Patagonia has done for outdoor clothing, aiming for an upscale but utility-focused consumer. His goal is to make a pickup and SUV that are premium and give buyers
“Obviously, we would have liked them to have built a giant car factory on the Space Coast, but ultimately we expect them to develop technology” that will prove useful to the space program, said Dale Ketcham, a spokesman for Space Florida.
headquarters was near Cape Canaveral, Rivian got an early leg up from $3.5 million in state funding.  That included financing from Florida’s aerospace economic development organization, which invested about $1.5 million in return for stock warrants that it has yet to exercise.
until South Korea’s Hyundai Motor Co.complained this sounded too much like its Azera sedan. Scaringe settled on Rivian in 2011.		Back when its
Scaringe went through several names for the company after founding it in 2009. It was called Mainstream Motors Inc. on an interim basis and received seed capital from Florida-based Mainstream Engineering Corp., a company his father owned. It briefly went by Avera Motors Inc.
said Wai Cheng, a professor of mechanical engineering who supervised him.		“He’s an extremely nice guy, except when you play basketball with him,” Cheng said of how other students described Scaringe. “He’s not an aggressive guy, but he’s very competitive.”
According to official company lore, he spent his free time hiking, carried around his own fork and spoon, dried his laundry on clotheslines strung around his apartment and biked to class, even in the winter. In class, Scaringe was relatively quiet and well liked by his peers,
While earning his master’s and doctorate from MIT, where he was a member of the Sloan Automotive Laboratory’s research team, Scaringe had an environmental awakening.
A car buff since his youth, Scaringe grew up on Florida’s Space Coast in Melbourne, near Cape Canaveral. Like his father, he has a Ph.D. in mechanical engineering. He rebuilt a 1957 Porsche Speedster in his youth and dreamed of starting a car company.
it the potential for the world’s largest online retailer to eventually become a customer. Amazon has been building out a fleet of vehicles bearing its brand to handle deliveries for its wildly popular Prime service.
recession, though both have since parted ways. China’s Tencent Holdings Ltd. ranks among the Model 3 maker’s top shareholders.	Buy-in from Amazon and others will hand Scaringe the cash to help bring Rivian’s R1T pickup to market on time next year. The investment also carries with
If Scaringe is able to land outside investment from several giants of the auto and technology sectors, he’ll be making more Musk-like moves. Tesla sold stakes to Daimler AG and Toyota Motor Corp. and partnered with them on joint electric-vehicle projects to help weather the
He did say Rivian’s backers, which include Japan’s Sumitomo Corp. and Britain’s Standard Chartered Plc, are committed. “We will bring on additional partners, but less because of capital reasons and more because of a need to have strategic relationships ..” he said.
Rivian’s vice president of manufacturing, Matt Tall, came from AM General, the maker of Humvees for the military and the Hummer SUVs GM once sold to civilians. 	Jeff Hammoud, VP of design, is a veteran of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV’s Jeep.
The company acquired its Normal, Illinois, assembly plant from Mitsubishi Motors Corp. in 2017 for $16 million and was able to re-purpose some of the equipment the Japanese automaker left behind.
Much of Rivian’s workforce of about 750 employees is spread across California and Michigan, with automated driving and software engineers in San Jose, battery geeks in Irvine, and traditional auto engineers just outside Detroit. It also has a small office in the U.K.
Whereas Musk sought to reinvent carmaking with extensive use of automation—an ambition that contributed to repeated delays in getting the lower-priced Model 3 sedan to market—Scaringe has eagerly poached from big conventional carmakers’ manufacturing, engineering and design depts
to help develop electric cars. The two differ, though, in their willingness to let veterans of the auto industry help get their companies rolling.
In addition to selling his own trucks and SUVs, he’s open to selling the technology to others for a myriad of applications, such as stationary batteries.	In this sense, Scaringe is similar to Tesla Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk, who’s opened up the company’s patents for use
the $1.15 billion in investment Rivian has drawn to date, Amazon will get a minority stake in the company.		The EV platform, which Scaringe prefers to refer to as a “skateboard,” is a big part of his vision to deliver fat returns to those who’ve backed him.
as well, said people familiar with the matter.		Scaringe has spent the last seven years developing a pickup and sport utility vehicle that’ll be built off a common electric-battery platform that could be used for other models in the future. In exchange for leading the bulk of
Rivian had another seminal moment Friday, when it announced a $700 million funding round led by https://t.co/grTdsNOotS Inc. Scaringe also is in talks with General Motors Co. on some kind of partnership with the largest U.S. automaker,
funding to get Rivian Automotive LLC in gear.		“It was a seminal point,” Scaringe said in an interview. “They recognized the passion I had. A big part of it was building trust in me.”
also attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology.  Scaringe showed up recommended by MIT contacts, and playing the alumni card worked. After a series of meetings pitching clean-running pickups and SUVs in hotels around Europe, he sealed a deal in early 2012 for $5 million in
Tesla Inc.’s Roadster—was the wrong idea, and planned to build a pickup instead.		Of course Scaringe, now 36, didn’t have a truck to show then. What he did have was something in common with Mohammed Abdul Latif Jameel, the chairman of a Saudi auto distributor who, like Scaringe,
Excerpt:	Rivian Automotive founder R.J. Scaringe approached deep-pocketed Saudi investors in late 2011 with an audacious proposal. The young entrepreneur confessed he had no experience running a company. He admitted his initial prototype—a battery-powered sports car much like
Rivian for Electric Cars for SUVs and Pick-up Trucks	Musk-Like or Not, This 36-Year-Old CEO Has Amazon Riding Shotgun	https://t.co/TwyeqUKgDD
"A Morphological Classification Model to Identify Unresolved PanSTARRS Sources: Application in the ZTF Real-Time Pipeline," led by Yutaro Tachibana of Tokyo Institute of Technology and Caltech and Adam Miller of Northwestern University and the Adler Planetarium.
"The Zwicky Transient Facility Alert Distribution System," led by Maria Patterson of the University of Washington; "The GROWTH Marshal: A Dynamic Science Portal for Time-domain Astronomy," led by Mansi Kasliwal of Caltech; and
"The Zwicky Transient Facility: Data Processing, Products, and Archive," led by Frank Masci of IPAC; "Machine Learning for the Zwicky Transient Facility," led by Ashish Mahabal of Caltech;
The newest ZTF papers are: 	"The Zwicky Transient Facility: System Overview, Performance, and First Results," led by Eric Bellm of the University of Washington; 	"The Zwicky Transient Facility: Science Objectives," led by Graham;
ZTF is also laying the groundwork for the future NSF-funded Large Synoptic Survey Telescope (LSST), which will, in every exposure, scan a volume of sky 13 times larger than that scanned by ZTF. LSST is scheduled to begin operations in 2022.
we can find these rare exotic binary systems that contain two white dwarf stars, each about the size of Earth but about half the mass of our sun. Their orbits are predicted to become smaller and smaller because of the loss of energy due to gravitational waves."
pairs of compact stars like white dwarfs—that will be observed with future space-based gravitational-wave detectors.  		Because we cover so much sky so often,
Tom Prince, one of the co-investigators of ZTF and the Ira S. Bowen Professor of Physics at Caltech, says that the instrument is particularly adept at identifying new gravitational-wave sources—in particular,
On January 4, 2019, ZTF caught the near-Earth asteroid 2019 AQ3. "This is one of the largest asteroids with an orbit entirely within the orbit of Earth—a very rare species," says Quanzhi Ye, a postdoctoral scholar at IPAC who first spotted the asteroid in the ZTF data.
These discoveries were enabled by the NSF-funded GROWTH program.
ZTF also caught two near-Earth asteroids, 2018 NX and 2018 NW, that zipped by Earth at distances of only 72,000 miles and 76,000 miles away, respectively, or approximately a third of the distance between Earth and the moon.
led by Suvi Gezari of the University of Maryland, got fed up with referring to the technical names for the objects, consisting of long strings of numbers. "We decided to nickname them Ned Stark and Jon Snow, after Game of Thrones characters," he says.
two black holes caught shredding stars. As stars wander too close to black holes, they can be "tidally disrupted" by the gravity of the black hole and stretched into oblivion. Graham says that he and the team working on the tidal disruption data,
astronomical data. "It's like running a major newsroom. We've never operated at this scale before, and handling all the data is quite a feat," he says.		Discoveries from ZTF so far include not only new supernovae, binary stars, and asteroids but
"It takes only 10 to 20 minutes from the time a transient observation is made to the time the alert goes out," says Matthew Graham, the ZTF project scientist at Caltech. Graham specializes in "big data," and specifically how to handle and process large streams of
the first time a survey has made public up to hundreds of thousands of alerts per night," says George Helou, ZTF co-investigator and executive director of IPAC. Ultimately, the detailed data are also made available to astronomers around the world through IPAC.
All data from the ZTF camera are sent via a microwave network managed by UC San Diego to IPAC, an astronomy center at Caltech that processes and archives up to 4 terabytes of data each night. "This is the first time IPAC has generated real-time alerts from a survey and
An NSF-funded program called GROWTH, with 18 international observatories in the Northern Hemisphere, also follows up on the ZTF alerts.
astronomers, who then quickly follow up on notable objects of interest using other telescopes, including the 60-inch and 200-inch Hale telescopes at Palomar.
Because nearly half of ZTF is paid for by the U.S. government, nearly half of its observations are shared publicly in near-real-time with the astronomy community. When varying, or transient, objects are detected, an automated alert system is activated, sending notices out to
They are now recording real-time events from distant supernovae to nearby asteroids and are poised to discover the violent mergers and explosions generating gravitational-wave events."
"The start of routine operations of ZTF marks a new era in our ability to capture the nightly and hourly changes transpiring in the universe," says Anne Kinney, NSF assistant director for mathematical and physical sciences. "
The cost to develop and run ZTF is about $24M, with about $11M of the funding coming from the U.S. government via the NSF and the rest coming from an international collaboration of partners. Additional support comes from the Heising-Simons Foundation, along with Caltech itself.
..	"ZTF is surveying the whole northern sky every three nights," says Kulkarni. "It's already discovering a few supernovae a night, and we expect that rate to go up."
or short-lived, of cosmic events, which were impossible to catch before now.	..	Shri Kulkarni, the principal investigator of ZTF and the George Ellery Hale Professor of Astronomy and Planetary Science at Caltech
ZTF uses the 48-inch Samuel Oschin Telescope at Palomar to survey the northern skies for anything that explodes, moves, or changes in brightness. Because the ZTF camera covers 240 times the size of the full moon in a single night-sky image, it is discovering the most fleeting,
more than 1,100 supernovae, and 	it has observed more than 1 billion stars in the Milky Way galaxy. 		One of the near-Earth asteroids discovered by ZTF, called 2019 AQ3, has an orbital period of just 165 days, the shortest known "year" for any asteroid.
The results are rolling in from Caltech's newest state-of-the-art sky-surveying camera, which began operations at the Palomar Observatory in March 2018. Called the Zwicky Transient Facility, or ZTF, the new instrument has so far discovered 50 small near-Earth asteroids and
Zwicky Transient Facility (ZTF) Nabs Supernovae, Stars, and More		The newest instrument at Palomar Observatory has its eye on our dynamic night skies		https://t.co/Z4huBhmM7A
I wished that interviewer was  someone with real interest in the subject (don't think he had any genuine interest) did the interview. It is ok not to be expert in the field but you gotta have culture and prior curration of the topic. As for the essence, @memcculloch ?
Interview with Prof. James Bock of Caltech on "Origin of the Universe and Cosmic Inflation"		https://t.co/f86jVzc7Rm
Professor James Bock at Caltech Astronomy :	https://t.co/stdScGUiIg
Another Explorer mission, the Cosmic Background Explorer, which launched in 1989, led to a Nobel Prize.		More information about the Explorer program is available online at:		https://t.co/NuenaFGtb9
relevant to the Astrophysics and Heliophysics programs in NASA’s Science Mission Directorate.	The program has launched more than 90 missions, beginning in 1958 with Explorer 1, which discovered the Earth’s radiation belts.
NASA's Explorer program, managed by the agency’s Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland, is the agency's oldest continuous program, designed to provide frequent, low-cost access to space using principal investigator-led space science investigations
Ball Aerospace in Broomfield, Colorado, will provide the SPHEREx spacecraft and mission integration. The Korea Astronomy &amp; Space Science Institute in Daejeon, Republic of Korea, will contribute test equipment and science analysis.
The mission’s principal investigator is James Bock of the California Institute of Technology (Caltech) in Pasadena, California. Caltech will work with NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) to develop the mission payload. JPL will also manage the mission.
and two mission concepts were selected for further study in August 2017. 	After a detailed review by a panel of NASA and external scientists and engineers, NASA determined that the SPHEREx concept study offered the best science potential and most feasible development plan.
It also will identify targets for more detailed study by future missions, such as NASA’s James Webb Space Telescope and Wide Field Infrared Survey Telescope.	NASA's Astrophysics Explorers Program requested proposals for new missions in Sep. 2016.	Nine proposals were submitted,
Every six months, SPHEREx will survey the entire sky using technologies adapted from Earth satellites and Mars spacecraft. The mission will create a map of the entire sky in 96 different color bands, far exceeding the color resolution of previous all-sky maps.
containing ‘fingerprints’ from the first moments in the universe’s history.		And we’ll have new clues to one of the greatest mysteries in science: What made the universe expand so quickly less than a nanosecond after the big bang?”
Excerpt:	"This amazing mission will be a treasure trove of unique data for astronomers,” said Thomas Zurbuchen, associate administrator for NASA’s Science Mission Directorate. “It will deliver an unprecedented galactic map
NASA Selects New Mission to Explore Origins of Universe https://t.co/0ostfFeprV
“With this announcement, we now get to go ahead and do a detailed design — and then build, test, and fly the instrument and spacecraft, make the observations, and analyze and release the data.”
“SPHEREx has now passed through a phase A study, which is a combination of modeling and paper calculations, with building and testing prototypes of a few key elements,” Bock continued.
..	The spectral maps will be released so that they can be examined by the scientific community. Astronomers will then be able to use this to study everything from the solar system to distant galaxies.
together multiple exposures that we take over a period of several days. The advantage of this method is that the telescope covers wide swaths of sky in each image, which is necessary for covering the entire sky efficiently.”
Each filter passes a narrow range of wavelengths, but the center wavelength continuously shifts over the array.	“In a single exposure, we obtain a rainbow image, where each line of pixels in the image sees the sky at a different wavelength. To get a complete spectrum, we put
“SPHEREx measures the spectrum of every point on the sky in a unique way,” Jamie Bock, SPHEREx’s principal investigator, told Digital Trends. 	“We place six linear variable filters over six detector arrays, located on the focal plane of a 20cm diameter telescope.
answer some fundamental questions about the universe. 		That mission statement is, literally, spelled out in its name: SPHEREx, an acronym of 	“Spectro-Photometer for the History of the Universe, Epoch of Reionization, and Ices Explorer.”
Excerpt:	.. forthcoming NASA mission promises one of the most ambitious space projects yet. It aims to launch a space observatory to create the most detailed ever map of the sky.	While the two-year, $242 million mission is still around five years from launching, it could help
NASA's space observatory SPHEREx will map the sky with unprecedented detail https://t.co/9B2Lx3oSvb via @DigitalTrends
“The absence of U.S. crew members at any point would diminish ISS operations to an inoperable state,” NASA wrote in its solicitation on Wednesday.
A NASA spokesman on Friday characterized a solicitation request NASA filed on Wednesday as a contingency plan. NASA said it could buy a seat for one astronaut in the fall and another seat in the spring of 2020.
NASA said Boeing’s un-crewed CST-100 Starliner would fly no sooner than April, with Boeing’s crewed mission is currently slated for August.		“Typically, problems will be discovered during these test flights,” NASA wrote.
NASA announced another slip last week, citing concerns for both contractors... The U.S. space agency said SpaceX was now targeting March 2 instead of Feb. 23 for its un-crewed Crew Dragon test flight, with its astronaut flight coming in July.
Excerpt:	NASA awarded $6.8 billion to SpaceX, founded by Tesla Inc Chief Executive Elon Musk, and aerospace giant Boeing to develop separate launch systems to fly astronauts to space, but both companies have faced technical challenges and delays.
NASA mulls buying new rides to space from Russia amid programme delays		https://t.co/SMqYzxvBXD
The review comes at a difficult time for SpaceX, which said last month that it would sack about 10 per cent of its more than 6,000 employees. It said then that it was facing "extraordinarily difficult challenges".
marking a major moment for Mr Musk's company.		The US government hopes that many space missions will eventually be taken over by private companies such as SpaceX and its competitors, with the hope that it could make launches cheaper.
wrote US Department Of Defense Deputy Inspector General Michael Roark.	SpaceX successfully launched its first national security space mission for the US in December. One of its rockets carried a military navigation satellite into space from Florida's Cape Canaveral,
“Our objective is to determine whether the U.S. Air Force complied with the Launch Services New Entrant Certification Guide when certifying the launch system design for the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle-class SpaceX Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy launch vehicles,”
Excerpt:	The Pentagon will review rocket launches by Elon Musk's SpaceX, it has said.	The certification that allows the company to send launch vehicles into space will be reviewed to check that the US Air Force complied with the requisite guidelines, investigators said in a memo.
The Pentagon is reviewing whether Elon Musk can send rockets to space https://t.co/Y5eswWZf6y
RT @rcbregman: 1/ Here’s the interview that @TuckerCarlson and Fox News didn’t want you to see. I chose to release it, because I think we s…
RT @Pillandia: "Miss Atomic Bomb", 1950, United States of America	No comments...	@haloefekti @RandiM20 https://t.co/Mb6V99uOWX
During a mission slated to last just 2-3 days on the moon, Beresheet will use on-board instruments to photograph the landing site, measure the moon’s magnetic field and send all the data back to SpaceIL’s  ground station Yehud, via NASA’s DSN, SpaceIL VP Yigal Harel told Reuters.
SpaceIL has no plans for future explorations of its own beyond Beresheet and “will not continue after this mission,” Harel said.
If successful, Beresheet will end up as the prototype for a series of future moon landing missions jointly planned by IAI and Germany’s OHB System on behalf of the European Space Agency.
whether this succeeds or fails,” SpaceIL president and billionaire high-tech developer Morris Kahn, who invested $44 million of his own money into the Beresheet project, told Reuters in an interview.
between 1969 and 1972, with about a dozen more unmanned landings combined by the United States and Soviets. China made history in January with its Chang’e 4, the first to touch down on the dark side of the moon.	“This is the beginning of Israel’s story in deep space ...
The United States, the former Soviet Union and China are the only three nations to date to have achieved controlled “soft” landings of spacecraft on the lunar surface.		The U.S. Apollo program tallied six manned missions to the moon - the only ones yet achieved -
The 1,290-pound (585 kg), dishwasher-sized lander was built by Israeli nonprofit space venture SpaceIL and state-owned defense contractor Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI) with $100 million furnished almost entirely by private donors.
Excerpt:	The unmanned robotic explorer named Beresheet - Hebrew for the word “genesis” - was due for liftoff from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station at 8:45 p.m. EST (0145 GMT Friday) atop a Falcon 9 rocket launched by the California-based entrepreneur Elon Musk’s SpaceX company.
Israel's first moon mission set for liftoff from Florida Thursday https://t.co/i91YoyJzqd
the temp on the surface of the Moon, SpaceIL can launch up to the end of Feb. If the launch is delayed beyond that for any reason, they will have to wait until May for another attempt to land, when the temperature on the lunar surface will be low enough for the mission to succeed
return the U.S. to the Moon, it would prove what can be accomplished with a relatively small budget.	“People [on the team] are nervous and excited together,” said Shmidt. 	..	I would say people are looking at SpaceIL as a pioneer, to send a private lander to the Moon.”	Owing to
Only three countries have landed on the Moon before – the U.S., the Soviet Union, and China. If this startup is successful, it will make Israel only the fourth nation in history to have landed on the Moon. And with NASA recently placing a lot of faith in private companies to
if a hop was attempted.	The design is there, but since the [Google Lunar XPRIZE] competition ended, we put it at a much lower priority.”	Regardless, the success of this mission would be a huge statement by the private space industry.
While the lander still has this capability, the team has not decided yet whether to attempt a hop if the landing is successful. The decision will be made based on how safe the surrounding area looks, and whether there are any boulders or craters that could cause a problem
One of the goals of the Google Lunar XPRIZE was to move across the surface and return images from two locations. To achieve this, SpaceIL designed their lander with the ability to fire up its thrusters and “hop” across the surface, up to a distance of 500 meters (1,640 feet).
“I requested the Swedish Space Corporation to allocate an additional one hour after one month, to see if there is a signal of life from the spacecraft,” said Shmidt. “It’s not a requirement, but why not check it?”
It has no thermal control system to deal with the intense heat on the Moon’s surface during lunar daytime. Presuming the landing takes place on April 11, the lander is expected to survive for just three days before temperatures reach 100°C , rendering the lander inoperative.
To send data back to Earth, SpaceIL has struck up partnerships to use dishes on Earth run by 	the Swedish Space Corporation (SSC) and 	NASA’s Deep Space Network (DSN). The agreement with NASA was signed last year, with the help of the Israel Space Agency.
Weizmann Institute of Science in Israel to measure the magnetic field on the Moon. The other is a suite of five cameras, including a panoramic camera and a “selfie camera”, that will snap images on the surface.
north of the equator in the Moon’s northern hemisphere, between the landing sites of Apollo 15 and 17.	..	As a result the Beresheet lander, which will run on solar power, is relatively light on instruments.		It carries only two useful payloads, one being a magnetometer from the
Over the next week the spacecraft’s orbit around the Moon will be circularized. And then, on April 11, the startup company – who are running mission operations themselves – will attempt to touch down on the surface of the Moon, in a region called Mare Serenitatis, located just
After the launch, the orbit of the SpaceIL lander will be gradually raised over several weeks. By early April it will reach an apogee, or the furthest point of its orbit, of about 400,000 kms. This will be high enough to be grabbed by the Moon and enter lunar orbit, about April 3
a project,” said Shmidt. 	While the Apollo missions reached the Moon in three days, SpaceIL’s mission will be a bit slower, taking about 40 days in total. But it will be especially impressive if it is successful, considering the mission cost just $100 million to put together.
“This is the first project,” Eran Shmidt, Deputy Manager of the SpaceIL Program, told me prior to the launch. The company employees no more than 30 engineers, with a number of volunteers also involved. “The project itself started about four years ago. This is incredible for such
The company was formed in 2011, and later entered the Google Lunar XPRIZE competition to send private spacecraft to the Moon. That competition was canceled in early 2018, but SpaceIL – along with several other companies – decided to continue the mission on their own.
from the company SpaceIL based in 	Yehud, Israel.		The lander weighs about 150 kilograms, and measures about two meters across.
Excerpt:	At 8.45pm Eastern time tomorrow, February 21 a Space Falcon 9 rocket is scheduled to lift off from Cape Canaveral in Florida, carrying a communications satellite for Asia, 	an Air Force research payload, 	and the Beresheet lunar lander
SpaceX Is About To Launch Israel's First Ever Mission To The Moon		https://t.co/jcpXD4j1Vw
A good way to follow on any one in @crunchbase, a popular example for Elon Musk:	https://t.co/drSGeVtcB9
Meanwhile,  Pentagon’s order to review the Air Force certification for Space X  for launching national security satellites came as a surprise.		The review is expected to complete in February. The launch vehicle certification for Space X in 2015 followed the latter’s lawsuit
NASA was planning to use an Atlas 5 401 from ULA to launch the Lucy mission from Florida.
that will not occur for decades,” NASA explained.		After winning the contract,  Tory Bruno, ULA chief executive had said, “we could not be more pleased that NASA has selected ULA to launch this amazing planetary science mission.”
According to NASA, “asteroids are clusters of rocky bodies almost as old as the sun itself, and visiting these asteroids can unlock the secrets of the early solar system.”	“It requires a precise launch window so that the spacecraft can throw itself out into a celestial alignment
“NASA has issued a stop-work order on the agency’s Lucy mission after a protest of the contract award was filed with the Government Accountability Office,” agency's spokesperson Tracy Young said.
The NASA contract for launching the Lucy mission seeks to study Trojan asteroids of Jupiter. The NASA contract to ULA on Jan. 31 was at a cost of $148.3 million. The mission is in October 2021.
Moving the Government Accountability Office on Feb 11  SpaceX challenged the NASA contract for the first time.		In a statement, SpaceX said it had offered a solution with high confidence of mission success at a price that was lower than the awarded price.
Excerpt:	Trade war seems to be engulfing the space market. In a new development, billionaire Elon Musk-led SpaceX challenged the U.S space agency NASA for awarding a nearly $150 million contract to competitor ULA, which is a joint arm of Lockheed Martin and Boeing.
NASA awards the established industry leaders Lockheed Martin - Boeing (ULA) for developing launchers for its Lucy mission to explore the asteroids of Jupiter. Elon Musk is crying foul as he claims he offered lower price at high confidence of success. 		https://t.co/xTtakAPMQH
RT @TulsiGabbard: Our voice is needed in the debates! The DNC req's candidates have 65,000 unique donors to qualify for the debate stage. W…
RT @TulsiGabbard: The most important of all domestic issues is peace. Because in order to fund the domestic programs that are so desperatel…
RT @RealAlexRubi: @MaxBlumenthal @MintPressNews In part two of our investigation, @MaxBlumenthal and I take a closer look at Pierre Omidyar…
the power and forcing for no-deal Brexit as 3 Torry MPs claim, inviting for havoc and potentially wars that the rest of the world should pay attention to. Or so are the desires and wishes  of once imperial world power. Are we ready for brand new authoritarian leader, and the WW3?
Never thought I would be interested in knowing the dynamics of British democracy, but after so many persistent rejection of both the deal by and the no-confidence vote for the goverment, there are worrying signs of far right wing getting a solid grip on		https://t.co/n5NGThgXGL
Michio Kaku - Q&amp;A on C-SPAN https://t.co/BYVggvcUrV via @YouTube
RT @RikeFranke: This is an absolutely crucial and fascinating read on #AI and geopolitics by @soundboy!		Thanks to @EconoScribe for recomme…
RT @RikeFranke: I was invited as a witness at the @LordsIRCom yesterday, to talk about the impact of new technology - #drones, #AI - on war…
and this is Dr. Kaku's answer: 	Ans. to Riddle #55. Einstein's original program (from 1925 to 1955) was to unite gravity with light, but little was known about the nuclear force, the missing piece of the puzzle. Today, physicists instead unite light with the weak nuclear force.
Even Einstein, after having success, with the confidence that success brings, may fail to succeed in scientific discovery for an awful amount of prolonged time. Another reason for critically thinking scientists should be nurtured not discredited quickly because they don't conform https://t.co/UZvTRbulsO
Michio Kaku: The Universe in a Nutshell (Full Presentation) https://t.co/EHDNdIECOn via @YouTube
https://t.co/Ui3MGdF9LD
Interview with Venezuela's Foreign Minister Jorge Arreaza:		https://t.co/Hc9c9QI3TN
RT @AxisIPVideo: Capturing forensic details in challenging light conditions is vital for video surveillance. #WDR [Blog post + Video]: http…
RT @SNewsOnline: New #AXISQ17Series #FixedNetworsCameras: #WDR – #DynamicCapture for clear images under challenging light conditions http:/…
RT @XTSCORP: IP Megapixel Solutions http://t.co/haQvTiWpWS Mini Dome, Box, Bullet, PTZ 1.3-5 MP, #wdr, #low light #ipsolutions http://t.co/…
RT @ITS_cameras: @elonmusk @SpaceX looking for a High Dynamic Range camera for #automotive high sun challenges? Look at this, you can even…
RT @themachinemaker: Surveillance Cameras need proper illumination to capture images. So, low or no light means no proper images. The solut…
RT @Axis_NL: Light vs. dark! See how #IP Cameras with #WDR Forensic Capture deal with high contrasts: https://t.co/7OPnLai6M9 https://t.co/…
Nash equilibrium states that all parties will arm in the steady state to deter one another.	I applaud the positive and humanly attitude here, but what is specifically proposed to stop not only Russia but increasingly others (e.g. China) to curb their nuclear and missile programs? https://t.co/RCV5YZnd1a
RT @rogerwaters: The Red Cross and the UN, unequivocally agree, don’t politicize aid. Leave the Venezuelan people alone to exercise their l…
RT @guardian: Roger Waters condemns Richard Branson's Venezuela aid concert https://t.co/MB2vjcmsNy
UK's Foreign Minister Jeremy Hunt on Brexit in Germany	https://t.co/1R8TeXQFRj
Putin's annual speech to parliament	https://t.co/Czoe9F2fK9
RT @BBCPallab: The “reproducibility crisis” in science refers to the alarming number of research results that are not repeated and so plain…
RT @next_china: Here's how the internet took over China—and then China rapidly took control of the internet https://t.co/Mln97wSQmi https:/…
RT @BethBossy: Oh dear. I may be older than I think! 😂😂😂 https://t.co/YimwlnTyjT
RT @CBSNews: Legendary fashion designer Karl Lagerfeld has died at the age of 85. He is best known for serving as the creative director of…
RT @NPR: Karl Lagerfeld, the German designer who was the artistic director of Chanel and Fendi and also created his own brand, has died in…
@AmbJohnBolton please name one example where peace-loving nations helped a country and the democracy is reclaimed with dignity? just one. 	Then name all the countries where the help resulted in immense destruction of infrastructure with no democracy and dignity, refugees crisis. https://t.co/vQSgSTNabc
RT @AOC: Sorry, didn’t get the latest memo after 1,000 experienced + qualified journalists of all stripes were let go w/o warning a few wee…
RT @The_eNitiaters: As the Nigerian Presidential election date is about to dawn in less than 3 days, we have been tracking #NigeriaDecides…
@quaesita @PaulGowder seems like someone tapped puppies before:	https://t.co/3sn9aUy1Br
@Dr_Shafaee @trtworld Mullahs have no money other than the money of people. People are still ok with them spending the money on their behalf. When they stop treating them as the keyholders, mullahs will have nothing, will be kings naked. How do you get there peacefully should be the question I think.
Henri Falcón, but he lacked the full support of the opposition and lost.	The irony is that Maduro might have been able to defeat Capriles or López legitimately. But his unwillingness to play fair has generated an international crisisfrom which he may never escape.
he tilted the playing field by barring several prominent opposition leaders, including Leopoldo López and Henrique Capriles, from running and by placing onerous new registration requirements on political parties to participate in the elections. The opposition fielded a candidate,
where Guaidó began his fight against the socialist government. 	In 2018, Maduro apparently orchestrated an illegitimate election victory. He surely knows the population is tired, hungry and fed up with his inability to correct the economic crisis. Knowing this,
Office of Transition Initiatives (OTI), a group that often works in war-ravaged countries, currently including Syria and Ukraine. 	Beginning in 2007, USAID/OTI also lent support to the recently developed anti-Chávez student movement,
One of the NED’s sub-agencies, the International Republican Institute (IRI), led these efforts.	U.S. state agencies also strategized with opposition social movements. These efforts have been led by the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) and, in particular, its
Excerpt:	Shortly after Hugo Chávez’s initial election in 1998, the U.S.-funded National Endowment for Democracy (NED) took the lead in training and guiding political parties on how they might best compete against him. https://t.co/90I3eBIOCk
RT @cosmos4u: The spacecraft’s arrival in interstellar space was expected to be accompanied by a significant shift in the magnetic field -…
@Dr_Shafaee @trtworld what are the facts then, as this one got attention of many because it is interestingly well put, you need to come out with real face and tell your story too. what you called fake news is done by a real person who is connected to a real company supported by a real government.
RT @NobelPrize: “When I was in grad school, Cyndi Lauper had a big hit: Girls Just Want to Have Fun. But they wanted to wait until the work…
@Dr_Shafaee @trtworld https://t.co/OaPmKWGiMV
@Dr_Shafaee @trtworld I understand where you are coming from. Killing family to punish opponent cannot be justified. I condemn it. It is very personal for you.	It may not be appropriate time but I will share this tweet and ask your opinion about it as this has seen censorship in the land of freedom:
RT @AP: 6 executives from the Houston-based Citgo oil company, 5 of them Americans, have spent 15 months jailed in Venezuela on what their…
@Dr_Shafaee @trtworld if you cannot, then may be some one else will, and carry the flag.
@Dr_Shafaee @trtworld bound to the same fate. The sustainable change comes from within, may be later than you desire, but better than giving the control to outside influencers. They hate Iranian regime, so you do too, that is not a reason for you to cooperate with them. Get your power from your people
@Dr_Shafaee @trtworld our two countries. But now with reinsatement of sanctions which definitely punish Iranian people, with a covert expression of intent in changing the regime in Iran, regardless of dynamics in Iran, it is bad news. For if external power changes the regime today, tomorrow you are
@Dr_Shafaee @trtworld Things change over time, nobody knew anything about this stuff just a while ago, it is for the better to try to understand what is going around you. Iran is a neighbor country and when US sanctions ended with a nuclear program deal it was good news, many doors opened between our
RT @TruthAJustice: CNN &amp; Facebook Coordinate To Silence Dissenting Voices https://t.co/jBPiuQySIO via @YouTube #Censorship #DeleteFacebook…
Trump is pushing this for other nations.Get big and do not payback.	Capitalism at best, down with socialism which would have stolen 	$7B from Bezos profits, and poor Bezos, would be crippled with remaining $4.2B cash at hand. What could that $7B do? Fix all infrastructure of NYC. https://t.co/dD835Po8ZI
RT @Rainmaker1973b: Fire in the sky: a drone carrying a 1000W LED light &amp; the awesome effects obtained with it https://t.co/vWJhi33aXW http…
@ClimateAudit @MaxBlumenthal capitalism for oil, freedom for oil, food for oil. If you did not have abundant cheap crude oil that we could refine and re-sell at premium, to hell with you and your shithole country, who cares about you Venezuelan people, really. So give it nicely or else ...
such a covert lust for crude oil with no regard to civility, democracy, self-rule with self-resources of Venezuela. Give up Citgo relationship, make your own refinery, sell refined oil, let the Latin America continent use the cheap oil, fueling progress on all aspects of economy. https://t.co/NuIAflHGes
RT @BryanKeIIy: Breakthrough in the search for graphene-based electronics https://t.co/tbi5QNXv0U
RT @WashTimes: Rep. Tulsi Gabbard defends WikiLeaks: It 'spurred some necessary change' https://t.co/q1wXjZW0FP
RT @MaxBlumenthal: My and @RealAlexRubi's three part investigation into the seldom scrutinized billionaire media monarch @Pierre Omidyar's…
And what is shut down is not even a private company, it is a private account at a private company that happens to have wide private audience. Private company has no jurisdiction powers to shutdown any account without a legal basis. You should file a lawsuit against @facebook.
I thought, the system is such where public officers are bound to be transparent with their donours and that private sector does not have to disclose financial matters until they choose to become public companies via filing with SEC. When has the system changed upside down?
elections can be meddled by a foreign government, investigation of which is openly obstructed at the top, disloyals are dismissed, and replaced, whereas private media is forced to shut down illegally by just accusing them of questionable sources behind them.
@RaniaKhalek what a shame for the best democracy experiment on earth, an erosion of basic tanants of the American values. Politicians can be paid unlimited including foreign sources, questioning of which is forbidden even by a congress member, https://t.co/CNuhtfCoxJ
RT @JohnBrennan: Your refusal to accept the unanimous assessment of U.S. Intelligence on Iran, No. Korea, ISIS, Russia, &amp; so much more show…
RT @HuffPost: Sen. Lindsey Graham attacked former acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe by claiming top Justice Department officials may have b…
RT @60Minutes: 60 Minutes Moment of the Week: Former FBI acting director McCabe says Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein raised the idea…
RT @60Minutes: Scott Pelley and one of his producers tell the story behind the 60 Minutes interview with former FBI acting director Andrew…
RT @RaniaKhalek: Here’s another piece of adversarial content that CNN and US government funded think tanks have convinced @Facebook to cens…
Media Library https://t.co/KjVPplSveX
MSC 2019 https://t.co/fPzjZz4fdT
RT @MunSecConf: "All of this war, all of this hate, and all of this division. It doesn’t need to happen." – The @yourMSC_2019 team of @AnaK…
RT @trtworld: Houthis to withdraw from three ports as part of UN-backed deal with the Yemeni government https://t.co/2NcLwCZLk1 https://t.c…
RT @techreview: We're heading towards a future quantum internet. Here's an explanation of the building blocks that will make it work. https…
Gibraltar	https://t.co/xGAWIEKZAv
First of, lovely scene. British rules Spain's south dip overlooking the Strait of Gibraltar connecting Atlantic to Mediterranian. Why still the British rule? Brexit is for re-assertion of Britain's once imperial power. When you assert yourself without power, will get in trouble. https://t.co/fH6Yuv18jx
For those of you lucky enough to be in the US, you can watch the live broadcast of the Oscars on the ABC website:		https://t.co/isZAlAOMLo		You can also use ABC's app by clicking "Watch Live" once you're logged in.
RT @CNET: Oscars 2019: How to stream online, start time, nominees, predictions and more https://t.co/Ya4NPbV4rz https://t.co/kT5V3LLeZx
The earlier red carpet proceedings will be streamed live on Twitter 	@TheAcademy
Oscars 2019: How to stream online, start time, nominees, predictions and more https://t.co/wguNguT3x0
RT @siliconrepublic: Launched in January, the @AI4EU project aims to make Europe a one-stop shop for all things #AI, uniting many different…
RT @techreview: We analyzed 16,625 papers to figure out where AI is headed next https://t.co/ewGqum1mN5
So enjoy media like Twitter while it lasts, or use it effectively to help bring the world to a more equitable and just international laws before the doors across borders get shut soon. This is why I believe some governments and power houses are currently racing at global scale.
older national dynamics. You probably noticed the increase in national regulations of blockchain and related crypto currencies. The same  path awaits global only reach apps like Twitter. Censorship, goverment control of media, all the old problems will be there, unfortunately.
it is a messy problem when the sharing is public, which currently means global. For a platform like Twitter, global is the only option. So I think in the future we will decease to enjoy the global reach as offered by e.g. Twitter, public will mean national, and we will be back to
Wpedia in Turkey. The balance between freedom of information and obiding by the laws of goverments is a tough one. 	I think private vs public distinction is the key, applied by FB with some success. FB and government and any 3rd party should be out when I am sharing privately,
The real question who is to regulate? EU jump started with GDPR, US is now preparing its own. Soon every country will have their own regulations. How are FBs of the world to deal with such dicrepant laws and when they cannot, what is the recourse, shutdown? Like Google in China.
can reach out to whole world for influence, bad. 	Some regulation is necessary, but then who is to regulate? Certainly not FB or any of the social media platforms, they should implement mechanisms for compliance and comply (messy job).
Welcome to the messy democracy, yes any narrative can go viral, yes any government or power house can push their view for influence. Two important differences with tradional media:	1. any individual can also go viral, power to the people, good.	2. governments or interest groups https://t.co/rcJpqG57wF
when there is a solution, and will increase if reacted irresponsibly. Blaming language after such a hineous attack is not responsible. Tactical moves to punish communities are not responsible. Reporting on facts without blaming is responsible and necessary.
Primitive responses by governments to the crisis. 	The story of Kashmir is one that does require two governments to come together find a mutually dignified solution. Otherwise play into hands of terrorists, punish communities at large, the cycle goes on. Incidents will diminish https://t.co/U3LHVBUox7
@Dr_Shafaee @trtworld you have a point. there are many repeats which twitter tries to avoid. as for the content, when i find interesting and factual i retweet. as always rts do not mean endorsement. similar to RT (Russia Time) or BBC. But happy it exists, as any gov is better connected then isolated.
RT @sahouraxo: No bigger hypocrite than Macron, who encourages anti-government protests abroad and pushes regime change in Venezuela, while…
RT @CarolHakios: @ahmetkirac BACK IN TIME: How the #Syria "civil war" was staged. In-depth Article on backgrounds, players, powers. https:/…
RT @surveyorX: @kambrone64 How can this possibly be allowed?	https://t.co/GLRWg9s8Yz
RT @kambrone64: Court allows eviction of 700 Palestinians from East Jerusalem neighborhood https://t.co/T7wIxkB8JI
RT @MintPressNews: USAID is an arm of the US State Department and has been involved in a number of scandals in recent years which have led…
Announcement of the known but the question is why Egyptians keep it cozy with Sisi and the companion? Hope the people are using him and when done know how to dispose him without asking for help from no one. Not easy but no other sustainable path. https://t.co/UwtxB6I6Zz
RT @AngelikaMiller: The Chief of the Red Cross in #Colombia , Christoph Harnisch, affirmed that this institution will not participate in th…
RT @telesurenglish: #Venezuela's UN Ambassador, Samuel Moncada @SMoncada_VEN: "At this moment, humanitarian aid is a colonialist aid to jus…
RT @CNN: A passerby heard this newborn crying in a storm drain. Four hours later, she was rescued with only minor injuries. https://t.co/3R…
RT @adamgoldmanNYT: "We have massively destroyed the infrastructure and given the population a disgusting image of what may be a Western-st…
RT @trtworld: "Well - this is stupid."		German Chancellor Angela Merkel says #FridaysForFuture protests couldn't have happened without 'out…
RT @camilateleSUR: 1/ Militants of the Marxist-Leninist MPD in the Dominican Republic put up a spirited rally in Santo Domingo this morning…
RT @MintPressNews: EXCLUSIVE: The Saudi-led coalition’s choice to continue raining bombs down on civilian infrastructure shows its determin…
RT @QuantaMagazine: ICYMI: “Schrödinger’s kittens” are challenging old notions about the boundary between quantum mechanics and classical p…
RT @trtworld: The MEK is hugely unpopular among Iranians and is widely considered to be a cult. But, oddly, the US sees it as a legitimate…
I would not seek help from external powers, Iran has a huge history and culture. Seek help from within. For that is the only way for sustainable change for generations to come. https://t.co/JQiAxFpwRr
RT @haloefekti: @milton_mick @fardog Nobel laureate Solzhenitsyn under fire for new book on the role of Jews in Soviet-era repression https…
RT @NPR: Sophie Kinsella's new novel "I Owe You One" is about a woman addicted to fixing other people's lives — often at the expense of her…
RT @Rainmaker1973: Opportunity did not answer NASA’s final call, and it’s now gone to us. Late Tuesday night, scientists at NASA's Jet Prop…
RT @trtworld: We are producing more and wasting more, and that could kill us all https://t.co/PnPuiupGvt
RT @Tomtherhymer: Halten Arp was a great astronomer.  The Arp catalogue stands on par with other compilations. Because he was a free thinke…
RT @mtracey: Robert Mueller prosecuted Lyndon LaRouche in 1986, a fact that you have to assume has been lighting the conspiracy underweb on…
RT @FxPhilW: Roger Shawyer just sent me the presentation he used at his recent meeting with Mike McCulloch		Is bring put on https://t.co/U2…
RT @thesheetztweetz: I took a look at the napkin math for how much Falcon Heavy’s manifest is worth – and what use there is other than mili…
RT @FxPhilW: @memcculloch @russgeorge2 An edited copy of this year’s presentation at Shrivenham Defence Academy is given here. Note that th…
RT @EstulinDaniel: Two Trump Cabinet Officials Were "Ready To Support" 25th Amendment 'Coup' As Rosenstein Tallied Votes | Zero Hedge https…
RT @dancohen3000: American “diplomacy”: Trump administration bars Venezuelan ambassador to the U.N. Samuel Moncada, his staff and their fam…
RT @A_Hannan_Ismail: @GarethPorter Two good sources you are probably aware of:		1. Mearsheimer, John J. and Walt, Stephen (2007). 'The Isra…
RT @GarethPorter: This is perhaps the most heartfelt and powerful refutation of the pro-Zionist elite attack on Ilhan Omar's stance against…
RT @IMDb: #AlitaBattleAngel topped the slow Presidents Day weekend charts, while #HappyDeathDay2U fell short of expectations. Here's a rund…
RT @CNN: How elite investors use artificial intelligence and machine learning to gain an edge https://t.co/q0MhwU5Hxt https://t.co/4BGxEQmn…
RT @GSMA: With MWC Barcelona 2019 fast approaching, this blog takes a look at the latest tech trends in the areas of #AI, #ARVR, #IoT, #5G,…
How Complex Wholes Emerge From Simple Parts https://t.co/TR1CarcEF2 via @QuantaMagazine
RT @IMDb: Have you seen 10-time Oscar-nominated #Roma? Director @alfonsocuaron says stars @YalitzaAparicio and @MarDeTavira are the heart o…
Their report comes just a month after the U.S. began withdrawing troops from Syria.
chlorine attacks would still violate the Chemical Weapons Convention, according to Reuters.	Researchers at the Global Public Policy Institute found that the vast majority of the attacks since 2012 — 91.5 percent — have been chlorine bombs.
entered talks with Russia and formed a resolution calling for Syria to get rid of its chemical weapons.		A year later, the U.S. announced that Syria's chemical weapons had been destroyed. But chlorine wasn't part of the deal — though the State Department said in 2014 that
Most of these chemical attacks, the report concludes, came after August 2013, when a sarin attack outside Damascus left more than 1,400 people dead. President Obama said then that the U.S. would take military actionagainst Syria, with Congressional approval. Instead, the U.S.
The report's authors attributed 2 percent of the chemical weapons attacks in Syria to the Islamic State.		Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's regime carried out 98 percent of them, according to the authors, dropping chlorine gas, sarin and sulfur mustard gas on Syrian civilians.
That's a number higher than previously known — and "we suspect that the real number may still be significantly higher," they write.		The researchers poured over reports of chemical attacks going back to 2012, reviewing the available information on each to verify the details.
A study released Sunday tallies the chemical weapons attacks over the course of the Syrian Civil War. At least 336 have occurred, according to authors Tobias Schneider and Theresa Lütkefend of the Berlin-based Global Public Policy Institute. https://t.co/2KByVZB8nO
RT @haloefekti: It's outrageous that Western mainstream media present #Bellingcat as 'independent' as Higgins is Nato's propaganda arm #atl…
RT @haloefekti: @PiersRobinson1 @KitKlarenberg It's unbelievable that Western mainstream media parrots #Bellingcat like Bible and pretends…
RT @kgosztola: How CNN led Facebook to censor the pages of a Russia-backed video company and manufactured a news story https://t.co/c5b04AS…
RT @AnissaNow: CNN didn’t have a story on Maffick or @IntheNow_tweet so here’s how they got one. @DrewGriffinCNN https://t.co/QeVrE2zAvU
how sad and lonely for US, what is up with Canada? even the British commonwealth is not there https://t.co/ceO5e4kwWi
RT @TheKatalyst_: These are HS students singing from hotel balconies; I’d have been in my hotel room in cardiac arrest thinking I died and…
RT @memcculloch: My copy of 'Seeing Red' by Halton Arp has arrived https://t.co/7HUMgkcCma I'm delighted with the first few pages. His opin…
and I think that is in favor of @AOC and Dems, and against the GOP. https://t.co/Ugu2Gnv7fL
it is sad indeed. violated. forced down. pushed down. oppressed. humiliated. win for power and money, loss for the freedom. https://t.co/JfmP1mE9Jh
#AbuAssabFamily have not committed a crime because they belong to certain religion or race. Humanity lived through this in WW2, and apparently lesson not learned. https://t.co/ig4dZ4b8hN
What a discrimination, what a criminality, what kind of a state commits crimes like these? you cannot  continue to force people out of their homes because of their religion and settle there a family with a different religion, not with human dignity anyway. Crime against humanity! https://t.co/I8ArpHtcEp
RT @fabiomoioli: The biggest impact of #artificial #intelligence will be to help humans make discoveries we couldn’t make on our own. https…
Democratic party elites silence Ilhan Omar at their peril | Trita Parsi and Stephen Wertheim https://t.co/zVMjAfYnrq
And now, just like the Trojans thousands of years ago, the world is learning the hard way that sometimes a “gift” is better left unopened.
Perhaps more to the point, victims of these operations are now more willing to stand up to the US (and suffer its potential diplomatic wrath) by scrutinizing, monitoring, watchlisting, regulating, or even kicking out these agents of chaos.
do it, it’s craziness; when the US did it 70 years ago, it was just good common sense. Once again, the hypocrisy is evident for those who wish to see it.		If there is any good to come out of this, it is that the public is increasingly aware of these types of covert activities.
representing a foreign agent are required to register under the act and are subjected to greater scrutiny of financial records and other activities. The irony is that FARA is essentially the same type of legislation that has recently been passed in China, but when the Chinese
It is for this very reason that the US and its allies can so effectively smear NGO skeptics as crazy.		But consider this: In 1938, the US Congress passed the Foreign Agents Registration Act (FARA) . With the notable exception of AIPAC, NGOs, lobby groups and individuals who are
That is not how the Trojan horse technique works.		No, what makes these NGOs so effective as disguises for regime change operations is that much of the time, they are doing what they claim to be doing: providing aid, assistance and charity where it is needed.
Let’s be clear: This is not to say that all NGOs are Trojan horses. It is not the case that every group or program that receives money from USAID or the National Endowment for Democracy or a similar organization is thereby automatically a deep state change agent.
Construct,” even first responder groups like the “Syria Civil Defense” (founded by an ex-British military intelligence officer) have been used as Trojan horses to spread propaganda and advance the agenda of the US and its allies in their quest to topple President Assad.
documents proved the US had been providing millions of dollars of support to opposition groups in the country since 2006 through a variety of Trojan horse NGOs like the Movement for Justice and Development.		And as we saw earlier this year in “The White Helmets Are A Propaganda
Freedom House” and the State Department blithely admitted they had spent $50 million helping activists in the region network, communicate and organize with each other through Trojan horse NGOs like https://t.co/nYboMzjBus.		The deception also worked in Syria, where leaked
Quite the opposite. 	It worked during the “Arab Spring” when even The New York Times blithely admitted that the leaders of the protests had “received training and financing from groups like 	the International Republican Institute (IRI), the National Democratic Institute and
within Russia itself.” So his real goal is regime change. He spelled it out just before all of these events took place.	These types of Trojan horse operations have been used hundreds of times in the past, and there is no sign that the deep state is ready to abandon the trick now.
Democracy. He said, “Ukraine is the biggest prize.” And he mentioned that “Ukraine’s choice to join Europe will accelerate the demise of the ideology of Russian imperialism that Putin represents,” and “Putin may find himself on the losing end not just in the near abroad but
Trotskyite. He was a founding member of a communist breakaway party, the Trotskyite Social Democrats USA. He wrote an editorial in The Washington Post [in] September of ’13, just before the events happened in Ukraine, and he wrote as the president of the National Endowment for
government program, “No, now’s the time we need more!”		But in Ukraine just this past year…Ah, this is an interesting article written by the president of the National Endowment for Democracy—he’s president for life—Carl Gershman. I know this might shock you, but he’s actually a
DANIEL MCADAMS: And this is a big issue, because I think the argument could definitely be made that NATO should have ended after the Cold War, but definitelythe National Endowment for Democracy should have been ended after the Cold War. Instead, they say, like with every
RON PAUL: What about Ukraine? I understand there are a few organizations that have been involved through this in Ukraine, trying to disturb that government. Of course, we have visited on this subject quite a bit, but I didn’t realize how much the NED is involved over there.
the Tulip Revolution in Kyrgyzstan and Orange Revolution in Ukraine a decade ago to the recent unsuccessful “Electric Yerevan” in Armenia, and many others in between….
Manipulating the elections in Nicaragua in 1990 to oust Ortega and the Sandinistas.		Overthrowing the governments of Bulgaria in 1990 and Albania in 1991.		And backing every major color revolution of the modern period, from 	the Rose Revolution in Georgia to
destabilization campaigns rivals that of USAID and, like USAID, involves too many operations to detail them all here. Lowlights include:	Bankrolling the “Project Democracy” program that became the core of Oliver North’s secret government during the Iran-Contra years.
who wrote a memo to the White House advocating for the creation of NED but cautioning that “we here [at the CIA] should not get out front in the development of such an organization, nor do we wish to appear to be a sponsor or advocate.”		The NED’s participation in covert
one of the members of the study group that led to NED’s founding, openly bragged about in The Washington Post: “A lot of what we do today was done covertly 25 years ago by the CIA,” he was quoted as saying. Even more blatant is an admission by then-Director of CIA William Casey,
establishment and growth of democratic development” in target countries around the world in line with US foreign policy goals.		The actual story is that the NED was created expressly as a front for funding CIA activities inside target countries, a fact that Allen Weinstein,
But this NGO/Trojan horse problem is by no means confined to USAID and its associated organizations. Take the National Endowment for Democracy (NED) as another example. The official story is that the NED was created in 1983 by an act of Congress in order to “encourage the
SOROS: Well, I set up a foundation in Ukraine before Ukraine became independent of Russia, and the foundation has been functioning ever since and played an important part in events now.
ZAKARIA: First, on Ukraine: One of the things that many people recognize about you was that you—during the revolutions of 1989—funded a lot of dissident activity, civil society groups in Eastern Europe and Poland, the Czech Republic. Are you doing similar things in Ukraine?
with Glenn Greenwald-backer Pierre Omidyar and, of course, George Soros.
terror tactics in Latin America; co-funding (with the CIA) the opium-smuggling Xieng Khouang Air Transport, a private airline for narcotics trafficker (and CIA point man in Laos) General Vang Pao; and co-funding opposition groups in Ukraine (prior to the 2014 coup)
.. USAID’s black ops programs for undermining foreign governments go all the way back to the founding of the agency itself. 	Some of the lowlights include USAID’s “Office of Public Safety” and its part in running a CIA front program for training foreign police in torture and
coup d’etat against President Chavez. And the documents—internal documents obtained under Freedom of Information Act—reveal that the sole intention of setting up the office here in Venezuela was to aid opposition forces to eventually ouster Chavez from power.
In the case of Venezuela, Venezuela is a country that is oil wealthy so it’s never qualified for any kind of direct USAID help. Therefore, USAID has never had an office here officially, and they didn’t actually come the country and set up an office until 2002, right before the
USAID's identically named program in Venezuela?
areas? Was it paranoia on Morales’ part, or merely the recognition that mealy-mouthed rhetoric about “Strengthening Democratic Institutions” is a thinly veiled euphemism for “overthrowing the government,” exactly as leaked diplomatic documents proved was the case for
Because he’s crazy and irrational? Or because USAID ran a program through its remarkably frankly-named Office of Transition Initiatives that provided $10.5 million of funding for “Strengthening Democratic Institutions” throughout the country, including in opposition stronghold
Take USAID, for example. Created in 1961 by executive order, it’s a US government agency that seeks “to end extreme poverty and to promote resilient, democratic societies while advancing our security and prosperity.” So why did President Morales kick them out of Bolivia in 2013?
US nonprofit groups such as the International Republican Institute (IRI) and the National Democratic Institute and Freedom House, which back in 2012 Egypt accused of receiving illegal funding and operating without licenses.
REPORTER: An Egyptian Court has convicted 43 Egyptian and 16 American NGO workers for working illegally in Egypt while encouraging unrest. The defendants, who were mostly absent from court, were sentenced to up to five years in jail. The verdict calls for the closing of
only after its clearance. 	The ministry said in its order that it wanted to ensure funds coming from Ford Foundation were utilized for bona fide welfare activities without compromising on concerns of national interest and security.
nonprofit organization to be routed to recipients only after the Home Ministry’s approval. Citing national security concerns, the Home Ministry has asked the Reserve Bank of India to ensure funds given by Ford Foundation to Indian recipients be brought to its notice and dispersed
ANCHOR: The law covers activities of NGOs founded outside the Chinese mainland. They must register with public security authorities and declare where their funding is coming from.	REPORTER: India has placed Ford Foundation on a watch list and ordered all funds from the US-based
ANCHOR: China has passed the country’s first law regulating overseas NGOs, or non-governmental organizations.		But there are a few illegal exceptions in which NGOs came to China to harm its national security.
The Kremlin is moving to ban the US-backed MacArthur Foundation, George Soros’ Open Society Institute and ten of their foreign groups, calling them “unwelcome organizations” by law.
Russia is throwing the smackdown on poor little old NGOs, these charitable organizations that were set up. Their reasoning behind them? That they might be trying to take down the Kremlin.
an activist swept up and thrown in jail for life for “creating a threat to civil peace and stability in society” after the Uzbek riots in South Kyrgyzstan in 2010.
The treaty granted tax breaks and customs privileges to organizations like the US Agency for International Development (USAID) and gave their workers diplomatic immunity in the country. All of that came to an end after the US granted a human rights award to Azimjon Askarov,
In 2015, Kyrgyzstan made what might seem at first glance to be a surprising move: It canceled a cooperation treaty with the US that had been in place since 1993.
Excerpt:	The Trojan horse was the earliest recorded military psyop.	The bitter truth is that in a surprising number of cases, NGOs are the Deep State’s Trojan Horses. https://t.co/fakIo6D5oW
RT @haloefekti: Too late, Maduro already delivered  food aid and Cuba, China &amp; Russia delivered almost 1000 tons of medicines. Americans sh…
RT @anyaparampil: I ask @jaarreaza if he noticed a change in his two meetings w Trump Venezuela envoy Elliot Abrams. He told me since the c…
#GreatAwakening ? story of exploitation of other nations, about time we start talking about it. Freedom lovers' dark side. https://t.co/128TNCU0TY
RT @TulsiGabbard: Abolitionist, freedom fighter, nurse, military hero, suffragist - Harriet Tubman is a role model for all of us, courageou…
RT @NPR: German Chancellor Angela Merkel received a standing ovation at the Munich Security Conference for a speech critiquing U.S. foreign…
RT @NPR: The State Department spokesperson said that the past two months since her nomination was announced "have been grueling for my fami…
RT @chrstphr_woody: Vzlan military leaders havent budged. "This has led to impatience and finger-pointing. US policymakers and those around…
2011 and 2015 elections were also postponed due to logistical and technical issues? Absurd. You got 4 years to prep and one week makes a difference. Would be interesting investigative journalism to find out real culprits behind these delay decisions. https://t.co/01XpXrN8W0
That is, Citgo is the main buyer of crude oil to PDVSA and now, after the sanctions issued on January 28, it will not be able to continue acquiring Venezuelan crude.
Today, from the total oil exports to the US, at least 200,000 barrels per day are bought by Citgo , which then refines and distributes them in fuel along the eastern coast of the United States.
India supplies Venezuela with petroleum products and, soon, with medicines and food in exchange for oil, according to the Minister of Petroleum, Manuel Quevedo .
Currently it is located at $ 25,000 million, the Ecoanalítica firm calculates , and it is also canceled with oil shipments.
Russia is, along with China, one of the main creditors of the Government of Maduro. And, to pay the debts, PDVSA sends oil to that country.	The total debt with the Asian country reached 60,000 million dollars during the governments of the deceased president Hugo Chávez.
During 2018 Venezuelan crude oil exports to that country represented, on average, 500,000 barrels per day, according to the Energy Information Administration .
Venezuelan oil exports are directed mainly to four countries: the United States, Russia, China and India.		The purchases made by the US are those that generate the highest cash flowto the state PDVSA .
This is because in 2017 an executive order of the Government of Donald Trump prohibited natural persons and legal entities from participating in the purchase or sale of bonds issued by the Venezuelan State and the national oil company.
Not only is it the main buyer of Venezuelan oil , but 100% of the company's shares are under the management of Pdvsa , its parent company.	However, US financial sanctions also made it impossible to send dividends from Citgo to PDVSA.
In addition, according to its website , it has under its ownership an approximate of 6,000 service stations distributed throughout the country. This makes Citgothe fifth largest supplier of refined and tradable products in the United States.
The oil subsidiary in the United States has an installed capacity to process 749,000 barrels per day of crude oil and has three refineries in the North American territory: one in Texas; another in Louisiana; and in Illinois.
Additionally, the United States Treasury Department prohibited oil purchases from PDVSA ; as well as the Venezuelan state sales of supplies and derivative products.
This is the main subsidiary of Petróleos de Venezuela ( Pdvsa ) abroad and maximum buyer of crude oil in the country.
Excerpt from auto translation by Google:	Citgo in the eye of the hurricane. Two Boards of Directors and amid risks of foreclosures by the main creditors of the Government of Nicolás Maduro, who stopped paying their debts since 2018. 	https://t.co/H0pyOD2opU
Detain for 69 days with no access to a lawyer, a no no. Stop the definite state crime while investigating a potential foreign suspect. https://t.co/NCCvSF1Fxv
RT @trtworld: Regime bombardment kills18 civilians in Syria's Idlib in the last 48 hours – war monitor	https://t.co/bfMA28uplQ
RT @RepLucyMcBath: Today would have been Jordan’s 24th birthday.		I am honoring my son’s life by working for common sense solutions to end…
RT @latimesent: Today, #EnvelopeLive is screening @alfonsocuaron's “Roma,” followed by a Q&amp;A with actresses @YalitzaAparicio and Marina de…
Sounds like what Sisi pays back in return for his installment to power, punish your own people to look good to your external power houses. As his paycheck depends on it. https://t.co/lh43LTjzHt
A kind suggestion to @richardbranson , why not making this kind of experience possible for everyone on earth, customer acquisition path with no cost but revenue after capex of its buildout. Space tourism churning money in. Too costly to build the accelerating chamber? https://t.co/P1zTTfPx8q
RT @ajamubaraka: Hey U.S. take this aid to Yemen where you created the worlds worst humanitarian disaster. https://t.co/6Ts2r89351
RT @ReutersVzla: Exclusive: #India advises refiner to avoid U.S. system for #Venezuela oil buying - source | By @Nidhi712 https://t.co/EW9k…
what a shame! https://t.co/Iz6FIDHosZ
RT @trtworld: US President Donald Trump intends to nominate veteran diplomat David Satterfield to be US ambassador to Turkey, the White Hou…
The US pulled out of the 47-member UN Human Rights Council in June 2018, and cut its funding to the organization in August, partly due to what Washington called the UNHRC’s “unrelenting bias” against Israel.		Israel is not a member of the council.
The database, intended to list all companies doing business with Israelis situated in the West Bank, East Jerusalem and the Golan Heights, was first delayed in February 2017, nearly a year after the Human Rights Council passed a resolution calling for it to be created.
In January 2018 a report from the UN’s Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights noted that 206 companies were accused of doing business in the settlements, but didn’t list them.
Tal Granot-Goldstein, CEO of the Hot cable network, appealed to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Foreign Ministry Director General Yuval Rotem to try to help, saying the list “could expose the companies to legal proceedings and cause investment to flee the country.”
the Rami Levi and Shufersal supermarket chains, Egged transportation, Bank Hapoalim and Bank Leumi.
The blacklist will include companies doing business in the West Bank, the Golan Heights and East Jerusalem, among them many of Israel’s largest corporations, the report said. Companies informed they may be on the list include pharmaceutical manufacturer Teva, defense firm Elbit,
Excerpt:	The UN High Commissioner for Human rights is set to publish a blacklist of Israeli companies operating over the Green Line, including some of the country’s largest corporations, potentially exposing them to legal action abroad. https://t.co/ingA0z9Kzs
RT @RaniaKhalek: CNN says it was alerted to @IntheNow_tweet by The German Marshall Fund, which receives funding from the US government. So…
RT @jlshenk11: This article presents such a bullshit, false dilemma. The options aren’t either support Elliott Abrams or do nothing about V…
@realDonaldTrump I suggest as part of the emergency law, don't stop at grabbing house's power to control the purse, i.e. how tax dollars are spent, go ahead, move on to shut down the house altogether, and make a ruling that you cannot be sued. It will VERY VERY EASY to rule then. https://t.co/RfDto3Rp95
RT @mtracey: In case you didn't know, AIPAC was founded to mitigate political fallout after the Israeli military massacred 60+ civilians in…
RT @wherepond: @TwistedPolitix @ellinjaa @haloefekti @glaser_holly @sweposten @Scifiscreen @laielkha @freeheinz @Dmonsel @Juha_Teuvonnen @H…
RT @haloefekti: @ellinjaa @glaser_holly @sweposten @Scifiscreen @laielkha @freeheinz @Dmonsel @Juha_Teuvonnen @Highr0ller @WhistleBlowerXY…
RT @QuantaMagazine: When a powerhouse team of mathematicians made the first progress on the “sum product” problem over finite fields, it op…
RT @QuantaMagazine: ICYMI: By inducing entanglement between giant (quantum) objects, physicists are beginning to probe the boundary between…
RT @QuantaMagazine: ICYMI: Bacteria and other microbes seem simple on their own but they collectively explore, communicate and adaptively r…
RT @QuantaMagazine: ICYMI: Using light-activated genes, scientists find “silent engrams” of memories that the brain isn’t yet ready to use.…
RT @NPR: Immunotherapy is looking like the most promising new weapon against cancer for decades — and it’s the focus of a high-stakes court…
Opendoor files to raise another $200M at a $3.7B valuation, documents show – TechCrunch https://t.co/BWuSjAe675
he answered simply: “It’s anti-Semitism.” Bret Stephens doesn’t want Palestinians to switch their tactics. He wants them to curl up and die.
he would be praising the Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions (BDS) movementas a welcome alternative to violent resistance. But, no, to supporters of nonviolent resistance, actual nonviolent resistance is off the table too. When asked what the BDS movement was all about,
Yes, that’s what the Palestinians and their supporters should practice: good old fashioned nonviolent resistance, like Martin Luther King. Tactics like boycotts, right? If Stephens cared even a whit about nonviolent resistance,
The death ratio is precisely what you get when you have a resource-poor, desperate occupied group up against one of the world’s most powerful militaries.
Israel has the most powerful military in the Middle East. The chief Palestinian resistance weapon is a rock, though in Gaza sometimes they fire rockets (which are more like glorified fireworks than sophisticated pieces of military hardware) or set fire to kites.
In Operation Protective Edge alone, which took place during the summer of 2014, the Israeli Defense Forces killed over 1,400 civilians in Gaza, of those about 550 were children, according to the United Nations. Six civilians in Israel were killed. Why the discrepancy?
towards peace. But Gazans had made the wrong decision, so the United States and Israel responded by backing an attempted coup. In response to Hamas’ subsequent consolidation of power, Israel imposed an illegal and inhumane blockade.
As for the election of Hamas, in 2006 the militant Islamist party won a majority of seats in parliament, a victory deemed fair and free by the Carter Center for Election Observation. In the wake of the election, senior leaders of Hamas were making moderating overtures
contrary, Gaza remains occupied territory because Israel continues to control the land borders, airspace, and sea in the Strip, according to the U.N. and ICRC. The extent of Israeli control over the small strip of land is tough to overstate, even though they have “left.”
But this is not to say, as blind supporters of Israel often do, that Israel had ended its occupation of Gaza. Prime Minister Ehud Olmert later clarified the nature of Israel’s relationship to Gaza: “We will operate, enter and pull out as needed.” Despite protestations to the
and Israel has fired airstrikes in Syria (not to mention given medical treatment to members of an al Qaeda affiliate group).
from March 2018-present, Israel has massacred well over 100 protestersand injured more than 10,000 others; Israel routinely threatens Iran with an attack (to cite one recent example);
Consider, also, this brief review of recent Israeli wartime history: Israel cheered on the Iraq war in 2003; in 2006 Israel invaded Lebanon; in 2008-9 it attacked Gaza, then again in 2012, then again in 2014, and, then, during the overwhelmingly nonviolent Great March of Return,
the international consensus which has coalesced around a solution, grounded in international law.
(East Jerusalem as the capital), only 22 percent of historic Palestine. Since then, Israelis have never accepted this immense compromise—with Palestinians giving up 78 percent of their land—because they have consistently hungered for even more land. And Israel has disregarded
Despite the initial injustice of Israel’s founding, much of mainstream Palestinian leadership has, for decades, backed a two-state solution, with the pre-June 1967 war borders as the basis for the states, meaning that the Palestinian state would consist of the West Bank and Gaza
Righteous Victims: “The fear of territorial displacement and dispossession was to be the chief motor of Arab antagonism to Zionism.” It’s perfectly obvious why Palestinians would be resistant to the creation of a Jewish state on land they already inhabited.
lands. To frame Palestinian resistance as motivated by an irrational seething anti-Semitism—as Stephens does—and not by opposition to land theft is wildly disingenuous. Even Israeli Zionist historian Benny Morris (whom Stephens cites) writes in his sprawling work
In 1948, approximately 750,000 Palestinians were uprooted, ethnically cleansed, and displaced from their homes. In the process, Israeli military forces perpetrated mass atrocities. Palestinians and neighboring Arabs fought back against the project to seize and encroach upon their
offered willingly by a power engaged in a decades-long land theft: https://t.co/BgQnXaIDE1
the International Court of Justice, and United Nations all agree that Israel maintains an occupation and that the settlements are illegal. One need only look at maps of Israeli settlements in Palestinian territory to conclude that “peace on equitable terms” is not going to be
Excerpt:	There is unanimity among the most respected human rights organizations and international legal bodies—	Amnesty International, 	Human Rights Watch, 	International Committee of the Red Cross, 		https://t.co/Xvi0pnDI9P
while pursuing further international expansion.		The NAVYA Group is a pioneer and specialist in the autonomous vehicle market, enabling its customers to improve their transport offerings with autonomous, electric shuttle and cab solutions.
have already occurred in 2018 bring NAVYA’s total financing to close to € 80 million for the year 2018. NAVYA thus has extensive resources to strengthen its technological leadership, to expand its sales and marketing teams and to invest in strategic adjacent markets,
initial public offering on the regulated market of Euronext Paris, and raises €38 million by way of issuance of new shares, and in August signed a €30 million financing agreement with the European Investment Bank – EIB. The various fundraising events (equity and debt) that
during the week on three different tracks in the district of La Défense, which has over 500,000 visitors daily.		Finally, on November 7, 2017, the Group unveiled the first six-passenger robocab, the Navya Autonom Cab.		In July 2018, NAVYA successfully completed its
NEoT Capital (France) to develop a turnkey service solution for the Autonom Shuttle to help public authorities and private operators get equipped.		From July to December 2017, the Company, Keolis and IDF Mobilités commenced a cooperation for the operation of autonomous shuttles
In May 2017, the Company entered into a partnership agreement with RAC to facilitate the deployment as well as to provide a range of technical support for its Autonom Shuttles in Australia, New Zealand and South-East Asia.		A partnership agreement was entered into with
partnership agreements with four Japanese municipalities.	Several trials were also deployed, namely at the CES annual trade show in Las Vegas (United States), organized by Keolis in association with the municipality of Las Vegas (US), and in Christchurch’s Airport (New Zealand).
Michigan, after the first one in Vénissieux, France, opened in may 2017.		In the beginning 2017, SB Drive, a subsidiary of SoftBank Corp., acquired two autonom Shuttles in order to conduct social trials of self-driving technologies in Japan. SB Drive currently has smart mobility
Mobility Transformation Center (“MTC”) in the area of driverless technologies. Two autonomous shuttles were delivered in the end of 2017, carrying passengers around the university campus during working hours.		The Group opened its second production facility in the US, also in
cooperation with Keolis through a joint venture. The experiment was conducted with two autonomous shuttles on a site open to the public through a 1.3-kilometer section, five days a week.		In October 2016, the Group commenced a partnership with the University of Michigan’s
shareholders, to fund NAVYA future developments. The Company entered into commercial and technological partnership agreement with Keolis and Valeo.		In September 2016, the Company launched the first autonomous shuttle service named Navly in the Confluence district of Lyon, in
Additionally, in 2015 Postbus – Car Postal, acting on behalf of Swiss Post, became the first customer to order two autonomous shuttles designed by the Company which were installed in Sion, in Switzerland.		In 2016, Keolis and Valeo groups became shareholders alongside historical
Then, between 2014 and 2015, the Company entered into a development and testing period of its Autonom Shuttle. In particular, the Company began trialing autonomous shuttles with three deployments in Greenwich, in the United Kingdom, and Saône and Civaux, in France.
Excerpt	NAVYA was created in 2014 and purchase the assets of Induct, a French software company which an important experience in the activity of automotive robotics and had performed research in mobility solutions, mainly urban,and had launched 100% electrical driverless vehicles.
https://t.co/QXUOwRP52d https://t.co/kmSTsRQECz
by being more than five times faster than the fastest competitor. Further, our model is capable of estimating all eight KITTI-classes, including Vans, Trucks or sitting pedestrians simultaneously with high accuracy.
Complex-YOLO: Real-time 3D Object Detection on Point Clouds	by 	Martin Simon, Stefan Milz, Karl Amende, Horst-Michael Gross	abstract:	https://t.co/gmh304nNSN	pdf:	https://t.co/OyuZTYiLnW		Excerpt:	We achieve state of the art results for cars, pedestrians and cyclists
RT @NPR: Nigerians planning to cast their ballots Saturday to choose a new leader will now have to wait until Feb. 23, as the election was…
RT @MaddowBlog: At the cost of potentially dying in prison, Paul Manafort lied to cover up the (or "a") channel of communication between th…
RT @MaddowBlog: New today: The same search warrant that turned up the evidence that led to the charges against the Russian military intelli…
RT @willknight: From a 1959 issue of @techreview: Arthur Samuel explains the machine learning behind his seminal checkers-playing program.…
RT @DrugPolicyOrg: Much appreciation to @AOC for speaking truth to power.  We must legalize marijuana in a way that recognizes &amp; repairs th…
RT @nprpolitics: California plans to sue the Trump administration over the president's emergency declaration to fund construction of a bord…
RT @NinaByzantina: If only problems in international relations were this easily resolvable. 🙃🥋 https://t.co/DhMotCKdIt
human stats https://t.co/fFgNrWg6ux
RT @sizzlegg: Are you a #Fortnite fan but don't have time to watch long streams on #twitch ? Check out https://t.co/ijVbvPCfjt and watch co…
RT @aurabogado: Roses are red	Violets are blue 	When you get cancer	Most of your friends will completely abandon you but it's ok because a…
RT @camilateleSUR: 1/ Arreaza: "The cost of this blockade is over 30 BILLION dollars and they're sending this so-called 'humanitarian aid'…
'Rare species' of asteroid spotted in our solar system - CNN https://t.co/gPUlYP3qyH
not good news, another meddling, damn!	AP reports:	Nigeria's electoral commission says the presidential election is delayed until Feb. 23 over unspecified "challenges" amid reports that voting materials have not been delivered to all parts of the country.		https://t.co/F8FrQaXXUm
not again! 	https://t.co/o5crHwp9jM
RT @trtworld: "Fake news" ads ahead of Nigeria’s elections easily bypassed Facebook’s automated approval system, an Al Jazeera investigatio…
RT @GRamsey_LatAm: Grupo de Contacto Internacional enviará a principios de la semana próxima una “misión técnica” a Caracas para reunirse c…
this cannot be good, elections cannot postponed in the last minute, bad smells from Nigeria https://t.co/jUEKGt1Per
RT @Ilhan: Thank you for coming to the office today and lifting our spirits ♥️ https://t.co/KvnngqgspE
RT @womensmarch: Proud to join with our friends at @UNITEDWEDREAM @ColorOfChange @jewishaction @MoveOn @WinWithoutWar and more to keep our…
RT @MoveOn: #PresidentsDay2019 activists are holding rapid response events around the country. MORE: https://t.co/0DZ2TinvIu https://t.co/o…
RT @isaiasreyna: to put into context the state of emergency that we are in: 		Trump makes the claim that we are in an emergency 		Trump is…
RT @annagalland: Q: What are we doing about #TrumpFakeEmergency?		A: Emergency mobilization MONDAY at noon nationwide. 1000s expected in st…
RT @jewishaction: These are the House Dems who voted NO on additional $$$ for ICE &amp; CBP:		Castro	Clarke	Correa	Doggett	Escobar	Espaillat	Ga…
RT @Deb4CongressNM: While Trump promotes his racist wall, I'll spend today thinking about the thousands of kids Trump's administration sepa…
RT @jewishaction: Shabbat shalom to everyone feeling the pain of antisemitism, Islamophobia, anti-Black racism, and anti-immigrant bigotry…
RT @jewishaction: 🚨 ALERT 🚨 		Dozens of #PresidentsDay protests to defend our democracy are LIVE.		Find an event near you at https://t.co/G…
RT @SouleLeah: This week I've watched as my Congresswoman @IlhanMN has been attacked. I didn't have the right words to share but what I cou…
RT @TulsiGabbard: Failing crops, water shortages &amp; economic instability from climate change will lead to forced migration and political vio…
to DICTATE and he will be politically BANKRUPT come 2020. Hope is that congress and senate realize all this and minimize the FURTHER DAMAGES he could bring about in yet another 2 years of TRUMP who is destined to MAKE VERY VERY BAD DEALS as he is not in DICTATING position.
like the most recent one in RUSSIA TRUMP TOWERS. Ironically that business dealings HELPED IN HIS BEING ELECTED, and once elected, he COVERED IT UP successfully as he had both houses on his side. That changed, and the UNFOLDING of EVENTS AND DEALINGS started, he is no longer able
resulted in many BANKRUPTCIES in casinos and real estate businesses. He CAME OUT OF BANKRUPTCY found SUCCESS only when he found a way to BE PERCEIVED AS IN CHARGE via the FAME BOUGHT BY household entertainment show, and started to act like HE CAN DICTATE the terms of any NEW DEAL
salvos, the rest he just has no regard and respect for the counter party. So he is doing a very POOR JOB of GOVERNING DOMESTICALLY AND INTERNATIONALLY as he is A VERY VERY BAD DEALER :). The American people should have looked at his business negotiations and dealings that
Look at Iran, China, Russia, North Korea, Venezuela, and now Nigeria policies. Wherever he feels he can dictate he does so, that is fine. But where he cannot, he messes up big time. China policy is a mess with huge economic salvos, Russia policy is mess with huge military
to start making compromises, to NEGOTIATE fairly and respectfully with the house. He is a good deal maker when he can dictate, but he is terrible when he cannot. Which really means he is NOT A DEAL MAKER really. This is exemplified in his dealings in the international stage.
if that majority is lost by the electors every 2 years, enough time to judge if the President can continue his policies unchecked for the sake of efficiency and effectiveness. Now that the purse is controlled by Dems, the president should have LEARNED to change his course
@BernieSanders diagnosis is right on. I am sure Mr. Trump would have loved to continue to have both houses under his party so that he could continue to execute without any restrains or accountability. Well, he is going through rude awaking that the president has to compromise https://t.co/pnZYxeGV5F
RT @NetflixFilm: GOOD MORNING, BEAUTIFUL WORLD. 		I’m very excited to share that ROMA has been nominated for 10 Academy Awards, including B…
RT @AOC: More like, “I’d like to order 25 pizzas. I made up this $300-off coupon + demand you take it, and if you want to talk about it at…
RT @AndrewYangVFA: Phenomenal news - we have raised over $130,000 in new donations from over 5,500 new donors since February 11th, the best…
that do not essentially change the source code.		Automatic global data-flow analysis of the code, to verify the feasibility of the parallelization proposed by the user.
User-guided parallelization of sequential C source code, for implementation on multiprocessor SoC architectures. The user identifies different tasks in the C source program, and assigns them to individual processor cores by means of source-code pragmas
MP Designer is a tool suite for the design of heterogeneous multicore systems-on-chips. It supports key design tasks such as the parallelization of sequential C code for multicore architectures and the generation of a communication fabric between multiple cores in SoC platforms.
MP Designer, a Multicore Processor (Heterogenous, ASIP) SoC Design Tool Suite from Synopsys:	https://t.co/bU7KX3Y9ub https://t.co/ZHYUKSGeBv
ASIP Designer comes with a wide range of example ASIP designs, with highly differentiating architectures provided in nML source code. This enables designers to quickly start to create their own ASIP targeting their specific application requirements.
A JTAG interface and a debug controller can optionally be generated, to support on-chip debugging.		Multi-faceted verification capabilities, including the automatic generation of ASIP-specific test programs in C and assembly code.
for hot-spots and to drive the architectural optimization process.		Automatic generation of a power and area efficient hardware implementation of each ASIP, in synthesizable Verilog or VHDL.
cycle-accurate and transaction-level virtual prototypes.		A flexible (multicore) debugger, which can be used in connection to both instruction-set simulators and on-chip debug hardware (via JTAG).		Multi-faceted profiling capabilities to analyze the instruction-set architecture
An assembler and disassembler that translates machine code from assembly into binary format and back.		A fast instruction-set simulator, offering both cycle-accurate and instruction-accurate abstraction levels generated from the same nML model, and easy integration into
structures, and various degrees of instruction encoding (ranging from VLIW to highly encoded instruction sets).		A linker that builds an executable file from separately compiled Elf/Dwarf object files for different C functions.
The compiler can cope well with architectural peculiarities of DSP cores. It supports instruction-level and data-level parallelism, deeply pipelined instructions, specialized arithmetic functions, custom data-types, specialized address generation units, heterogeneous register
automatic retargetability to new ASIP architectures. The compiler supports C (optionally extended with user-defined data types and operators using C++ classes and function overloading), C++, and OpenCL C (OpenCL kernel language).
Unique compiler-in-the-loop technology, enabled by the automatic generation of a comprehensive software development kit (SDK) for each ASIP modeled in nML, containing the following components: 	An optimizing compiler, recognized for its efficient code generation and quick and
Also, with nML the ASIP’s periphery can be modeled in a cycle- and bit-accurate way. nML offers unprecedented architectural breadth, enabling IP development for almost any vertical market.
Modeling of ASIP instruction-set architectures in the nML processor description language which is a high-level definition language for describing a processor architecture and instruction set (ISA).nML offers designers the abstraction level of a programmer's manual of a processor.
Key capabilities include rapid exploration of architectural choices, generation of an efficient C/C++ -compiler based software development kit that automatically adapts to every architectural change, and automatic generation of power and area-optimized synthesizable RTL.
Yet ASIPs retain software programmability within their application domain, resulting in C/C++-programmable processors and accelerators with the lowest power possible.
Application-specific instruction-set processors (ASIPs) rely on similar techniques as used in the design of hardware accelerators to achieve high performance and low power: heavy use of parallelism and specialized datapath elements. https://t.co/rD8MI4Futh
Application Specific Instruction-set Processors (ASIP) from Synopsys, you design the processor optimized for application (hardware pipeline) using a modeling language, and the CAD tool generates RTL, SDK (tool-chain), and simulation environment for you!	https://t.co/cedjw1X20G
RT @trtworld: Nigeria is going to the polls on February 16. Here's what you need to know about the "Giant of Africa." #NigeriaDecides https…
RT @ProfFeynman: If our small minds, for some convenience, divide this universe, into parts — physics, biology, geology, astronomy, psychol…
RT @ProfFeynman: The ultimate test of your knowledge is your capacity to convey it to another. https://t.co/JCLFDMPUg9
RT @ProfFeynman: Being wrong isn't a bad thing like they teach you in school. It is an opportunity to learn something. https://t.co/ZrbGzxx…
RT @ProfFeynman: The FEYNMAN technique of learning:		STEP 1 - Pick and study a topic		STEP 2 - Explain the topic to someone, like a child,…
RT @ProfFeynman: If you want to master something, teach it. https://t.co/6cOe1JvXBg
RT @ProfFeynman: If you cannot explain something in simple terms, you don't understand it. https://t.co/3LHPA2RuKA
RT @trtworld: UK students join global protests calling for action on climate change. The #YouthForClimate movement was started by a 16-year…
RT @Independent: Nicolas Maduro invites Trump envoy Elliot Abrams for talks https://t.co/vLbBEO8sRE
@itnewsnigeria1 @haloefekti @isumunna why now? why at the time of Nigerian elections? if true, this boils down to downright interference, yet again, in the affairs of the most populous and apparently oil-rich African country.
RT @AOC: This deal wasn’t a simple tax break. It was $3 BILLION dollars.	When the community wanted to negotiate, Amazon said “all or nothin…
Google ATAP's Project Soli gets FCC certification; Is Google moving closer to gesture control? https://t.co/zCaQlPrU6v
RT @Ausdroid: Google ATAP’s Project Soli gets FCC certification – Is Google moving closer to gesture control? https://t.co/E7HzbBILKl https…
love it! https://t.co/LOrIJHvp49
@onderalg @CandanBadem yasama veya denetleme mekanizması icinde hangi arac var da muhalefet kullanmıyor? bir örnek verebilir misin? somut bir örnek.
@onderalg @CandanBadem ok, somut bir fikir lutfen, muhalefetin yeterli parmak sayisi yok, mhp+akp isi bitiriyor. mhp bir tane yasayi akp ye ragmen gecirmeye calisti, komisyondan cikti, mecliste bahceliden dondu. bestepe+bahceli denklemi degismedikce bi sey olmaz. var mi bi onerin? bahceli hakkinda? hmm
RT @BBCWorld: Space is in need of a deep clean — this new mission is aiming to get rid 8,000 pieces of junk		[Tap to expand] https://t.co/t…
@onderalg @CandanBadem hepsi yigilsa ne degisir, bir degisik fikir cikmiyorsa iclerinden, parmaklari onemli olan, yeterli parmak sayisi noterlik onayi icin.
this law, if understood correctly, unconstitutional for sure. why is no one taking it to the federal courts, the supreme court if necessary? https://t.co/6hEINLf2q9
RT @GSMA: In this video, @GregGeodjenian, Senior Director, Membership at the #GSMA highlights what he is looking forward to this year at MW…
@onderalg @CandanBadem iktidar calisiyor evet, meclis hayir. meclisin tamami islevsiz. noterlik yapiyor o kadar. egemenlik bestepede. mecliste degil. milletvekili olmak istemezdim boyle bir donemde, iktidardan bile olsa. farkli dusunup egemenligi meclise geri getirmek sart. yoksa halimiz harap.
RT @amyklobuchar: I put the digital revolution front-and-center in my announcement speech. From privacy to cybersecurity, this is a pressin…
RT @NPR: Gunmen Sentenced In The Death Of Myanmar Democracy Advocate Ko Ni https://t.co/pQPtyeoFnH
RT @TulsiGabbard: The Saudi-led genocide in Yemen is the largest humanitarian crisis in the world right now. Our alliance with SA must end.…
What happened in Douma? Searching for facts in the fog of Syria's propaganda war https://t.co/mczzR9xRRj by @james__harkin
AP interview of Maduro 	https://t.co/UzAJPg6log
Apple to ship iPhones with only Qualcomm chips to German stores https://t.co/8WjO0KAKB5
A refresher on what just recently happened there. The whole town was indiscriminately punished in Gaza Strip region controlled by Palestine but sieged and blockaded by Israel as of today, as a response to rockets fired at Israel from the region. The whole world just watched. https://t.co/rTgTUM1A8B
@redfishstream can you post the other side protest on the same day? https://t.co/GKKFaRqqaw
RT @MassimoFerr: @AngeloJohnGage Lobbying is legalised corruption. They  give lots of $$$ to politicians in change of favourable legislation
Mars 2020 Rover Build progress at JPL	https://t.co/B0geZwjT9D
Electric Car 101 with Tesla S illustrations	https://t.co/mL98BaG8sH
Mars Rover Endeavor Mission Complete, Journey Summary	https://t.co/o8451Z79i6
AIPAC 101? https://t.co/Bq8O6cHR38
trolling 101? https://t.co/y50P8VP0BS
RT @benedictevans: I used to say Apple was best positioned to make a smart watch and Google best to light it up. Wondering how this applies…
RT @dsmilde: Cuba says U.S. moving special forces, preparing Venezuelan... https://t.co/XNBE13Egw2
RT @Martin_Dahinden: #OnThisDay in 1898 Swiss astronomer Fritz Zwicky was born. He worked most of his life @Caltech  where he made importan…
RT @RepAOC: A joint statement from the offices of @Ilhan @RepPressley @RepRashida and Ocasio-Cortez concerning the 2019 government funding…
RT @AOC: I often reflect on @AyannaPressley‘s words: “people closest to the pain should be closest to the power.”		@IlhanMN is a Somali ref…
RT @Spotify: Can't wait for this @OffsetYRN album.	Watch his new video for Red Room on #RapCaviar right now https://t.co/mr6rFWBrSd https:/…
RT @AndrewYangVFA: The Freedom Dividend will invest in people early and give them the resources to be stronger, healthier, mentally healthi…
RT @AndrewYangVFA: Paying for Universal Basic Income is much easier than many think. It would not cause much inflation, would be good for b…
RT @AndrewYangVFA: 60 robots do 70% of the work in this warehouse and they've increased productivity by 300%. https://t.co/A270vGyZMK
https://t.co/b8oG00K6Ms
RT @yisongyue: Super excited for the @Caltech AI4Science workshop  tomorrow!	https://t.co/RIsNAEhZYg	w/ @AnimaAnandkumar @animesh_garg @tfm…
Incredible story of accepting outside power ruling your system maybe because you don't dare to try democracy with your own rules again. why? scared of religion? scared of your own people or culture? Egypt needs to come to terms with its national and cultural identity. No escape. https://t.co/CQajCBTqAl
RT @trtworld: Experts say US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo’s statements against Russia and China in the Visegrad nations have more to do w…
This is the fantastic example of something that is working well in the US, and that is, if anyone wants to build something in a town, the local people have their say and can shut down the project. Decentralized to the local community level. So can't buy your way in via no one. https://t.co/Q0duncHXV1
RT @lucasmtny: Facebook mulled a multi-billion-dollar acquisition of Unity, according to @blakejharrisNYC’s upcoming book. 		Here’s the 2,5…
RT @theintercept: This week on @Intercepted, Venezuela’s Vice Foreign Minister Carlos Ron responds to the reports about covert U.S. activit…
RT @NPR: The origins of Valentine's Day are actually dark, bloody, and a bit muddled.	https://t.co/YWkSnRAS2G
RT @OrlaGuerin: #VIDEO #VENEZUELA #BBC Our interview with Nicolas Maduro, embattled, internationally isolated by still in the President Pal…
https://t.co/EUrkDnPeOP
https://t.co/SgLVA8zEkq
2 Caltech scientists share Nobel Prize in physics for gravitational wave discoveries - Los Angeles Times https://t.co/zlIQs0zYvb
Kip Thorne of Caltech https://t.co/GNhrVBU79p
smart glasses for about $500	just an idea for a techy gift	https://t.co/vSO2A1mbdf
RT @mariaressa: Finally out. Thank you for your support! #HoldTheLine https://t.co/EOHTmx0i12
RT @NicoleCurato: Kill the poor. Detain the critic. Abduct the activists. Jail the journalist. The Philippines is playing authoritarian bin…
RT @democracynow: Streaming now at https://t.co/Xup8cdtnFB: We're talking with independent journalist @robvato about the record of Trump's…
RT @trtworld: US Vice President Mike Pence demands that EU allies leave the Iran nuclear deal, warns of further US sanctions on Tehran http…
RT @goachronicle: Parallel Wireless, Inc., the leader in providing the world’s first end-to-end software-based network solutions for 2G, 3G…
RT @ingridlunden: We mentioned in our Ant Financial acquisition story earlier that Amazon is becoming a competitor to currency exchange and…
RT @PBS: Tulsi Gabbard, Paul Ryan and Marco Rubio are guests tonight on #FindingYourRoots at 8/7c! https://t.co/iPzLsOnIFw
RT @PBS: For the first time in 25 years, Denver public school teachers went on strike Monday in standoff affecting some 70,000 students. (F…
RT @novapbs: The recent explosion in cheap computing power, development in algorithms, and the increase of available data are making new cl…
RT @novapbs: "A test fire of SpaceX's newest engine reached the power level necessary for the company's next round of rocket designs, CEO E…
RT @business: Those worried about where money will come from for a "Green New Deal" are forgetting one major, surprisingly enthusiastic pla…
RT @wikileaks: The Bernie Madoff of #Bitcoin, Craig S. Wright, who keeps forging documents to make it seem that he is Bitcoin's pseudonymou…
RT @desusnice: BREAKING NEWS from @SHODesusAndMero &amp; @AOC https://t.co/3ELkgjcFGS
RT @PwC: 85% of CEOs agree that AI will significantly change the way they do business in the next 5 years (PwC's CEO Survey). As more count…
RT @trtworld: LIVE on #Periscope: Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan is speaking with his Iranian counterpart Hassan Rouhani and Russia…
RT @trtworld: A deadly measles outbreak is spreading across the globe, and health officials warn of a rise in anti-vaccination sentiment ht…
RT @AlecsDelVecchio: Quite interesting. Large teams inevitably prioritize production rather than creation. But what about single-author dis…
RT @HIMSS: #HIMSS19 brings together #ChampionsOfHealth from around the world for education, innovation, speakers and networking to help mat…
RT @ingridlunden: Multiple sources quoted this price, describing it as a defensive move for WorldFirst, given the huge margin pressures rig…
AI to the eye, to the ear, to the touch, to the taste, and here is to the smell: https://t.co/pufM2orTLe
A Master of Numbers and Shapes Who Is Rewriting Arithmetic https://t.co/bMNmmKW2KG via @QuantaMagazine
RT @UNOOSA: #UNOOSA is getting ready for the 56th session of #COPUOS Scientific and Technical Subcommittee next week! #DYK you can access d…
RT @Turkey_UNVienna: @lokmankuzu , Director of TUBITAK Space @tubitakuzay , addressed the Scientific &amp; Technical Subcommittee of #COPUOS on…
RT @UNLibrary: The 56th session of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space - Scientific and Technical Subcommittee is ongoing @UN…
@dw_turkce kuyruklar mı? 80 öncesini çağrıştırması ürkütücü. devlet eliyle serbest piyasa işlemez ki. çöker. çare piyasaları adil düzenlemede. manav hem ucuza satacak hem kar edecek buna kafa yorsun devlet. yoksa manav batar, manav batarsa devlet batar.
That is the only way the new life will forget and forgive you. Unless you want the new life to live the life of a slave; afraid, scared, under-developed, and abused. No human will allow this.
If you insist otherwise, you disrespected your old love, you continued to abuse the new life. No souls will be at rest until you come to your senses and let the new life be free and continue to enjoy the sealed love. You can only hope to make it up by letting go, setting free.
and only caring about the new life? Well, you lost that priviledge as the new life went through the motions of your desertion, and your unthinkable abuse. You should seek forgiveness and get out of the way, only be there if the new life desires to see you or seek your care.
Even if the new life is too young or under-developed, you still need to let the new life enjoy growing with your old love as the seal of love for them is still tight. This might hurt you a lot, but remember you are the one to go after new love. The new love faded too quickly
When love gives birth to any life, set aside all your insecurities, fallacies, unmet desires, for the new life seals the love. If the love still escapes for some reason, your separation with dignity and honesty requires you to put the new life at highest priority.
Don't you ever mix the comfort, luxury, wealth, seduction, sex with love as the love is pure and unconditional, it is there even if you lose your comfort, confidence, or security for it is the glue for all the ups and downs of life.
Happy Valentine's day to all, let the love in, allow it to grow. For some reason if the love is not there anymore, be brave to acknowledge it, do the separation with dignity and honesty.a new love can start unexpectedly, but never ever allow new one to grow before ending the old.
@YesimKayman what is the gig this saturday?
RT @BethBossy: Happy #ValentinesDay to all my beautiful and amazing and gorgeous Twitter friends! You have shown me such kindness and love!…
RT @Twitter: Roses are red,	Twitter is blue,	Like this Tweet	For a #Valentines treat,	(You know you want to) https://t.co/sIAJAgrHvQ
RT @AvKilinboz: Sen Arif'tin, Kadrin Bilmedik,                              Sen Ozan'dın,Sazın Görmedik,	Gözün Gördü Biz Kör Olduk, Sözün S…
RT @trtworld: Authorities clamp down on terrorism in post-war Kosovo https://t.co/tT0eJ310fR https://t.co/AvbNKPcxpC
RT @dsmilde: Venezuela’s President Maduro calls U.S. foreign aid delivery ‘a message to humiliate the people’  https://t.co/PdC3mIxuqf via…
RT @timgill924: "This person, who believes that politics is a game and he can violate the constitution and the law, sooner or later will ha…
RT @JoyceWhiteVance: @AOC .@AOC, Professor &amp; former head of the Voting Section at DOJ’s Civil Rights Division Pam Karlan encountered this i…
RT @AOC: Shock doesn’t begin to cover it.		Today I left a hearing on homelessness &amp; saw tons of people camped outside committee.		I turned…
RT @Ilhan: Peace.	Justice.	Human Rights.		Those are the values I hold dearest and I will not apologize for them. https://t.co/g7QDCGZJGm
RT @codepink: BREAKING: CODEPINK interrupts convicted war criminal Elliott “Death Squad” Abrams, Trump’s special envoy for Venezuela. No to…
RT @NACLA: Unlike just a few years ago, the vast majority of working-class barrios in #Caracas do not ardently support #Chavismo. Today, th…
RT @trtworld: Huawei rebuffs another accusation over cyber espionage and this time the tech giant faces trouble in Czech Republic https://t…
RT @weIIsoon: remember when u fingered the world @arianagrande https://t.co/D8z0HnFhdb
RT @People4Bernie: .@Ilhan taking Elliot Abrams to task on his personal history of withholding information from Congress(which he was pardo…
RT @NASAJPL: Humanity’s greatest explorers aren’t always human. 		Join us as we celebrate the achievements of @MarsRovers Opportunity at th…
RT @CryptoRegNews: The swift climb of regtech: How technology is transforming regulatory compliance https://t.co/2oER1Wv6aW 	#crypto #crypt…
RT @STHGibbs: Maduro accuses BBC reporter Orla Guerin of lying when she challenges him about 1M % inflation, the situation in Venezuelan ho…
RT @dsmilde: In socialist Venezuela, a crisis of faith not in just their leader but their economic model https://t.co/duXFbWxZ5A
RT @dsmilde: ‘Maduro, our amigo’: loyalists in Venezuela cling to their man https://t.co/yml0miahcw
RT @dsmilde: Vatican receives delegation from Venezuela's Guaido https://t.co/7pJYNkRDSK
RT @mtracey: Sheldon Adelson was the largest individual donor to the Trump Campaign and Trump Inauguration, and just gave $113 million to t…
RT @trtworld: Twelve Catalan politicians go on trial for their role in Catalonia's failed 2017 independence bid, putting the focus back on…
RT @trtworld: The season premiere of Hasan Minhaj's "Patriot Act" began with another jab at Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and Saud…
RT @TYTPolitics: Ilhan Omar SMEARED - @EmmaVigeland breaks it down		Watch HERE: https://t.co/moGbwFYlYp https://t.co/C6uzDzKWAW
RT @IoTwatcher: Amazon buys mesh WiFi startup Eero to connect smart homes https://t.co/jOehnoWksM, see more https://t.co/3ORmnkNING
RT @fabiomoioli: If you cannot explain something in simple terms, you don't understand it.		—Professor Richard Feynman https://t.co/mXti1Di…
RT @trtworld: As China is under pressure for its treatment of Uighur Muslims in East Turkistan, here’s a report from June 2018 highlighting…
SEC Commissioner Suggests Excessive Crypto Regulation Hurts Growth https://t.co/KM7wmyyhzB
As always Apple wants to own and control the user experience with hardware and does have a longer cycle than automakers to build and integrate into their platforms.This is the reason they are behind in many tech advances compared to South Korean and Chineese competition in phones https://t.co/PHE8ApHjuh
Amazon to buy "eero", a meshed, smart wifi consumer modem maker https://t.co/HBcBwZwLIj?
RT @TulsiGabbard: Remembering Mandela: “No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin, his background, or his relig…
RT @timgill924: Positive Neutrality: Can the Vatican Be Effective in Venezuela? https://t.co/7DDwNXyobD via @wola_org
forgot to mention @memcculloch so I ended up talking to myself. please see above as replies to your recent tweet.
Night buddy. And everyone. The key here is the decentralization of the discovery process. In a self organized cooperative manner. Game theorists might come out and tell my face that I am day dreaming. So be it. or just bouncing, wandering around, rethinking, or just thinking.
or just the galactical forces working in such a way that will otherwise destroy our planet (simple example being a large asteroid coming our way and colliding).	These were my thoughts just before calling it a day here in Istanbul after watching a repeat of inspiring Grammy 2019.
any single country or block of countries to win against the others and preventing another WW altogether. May be then we will focus more on saving and caring for our planet and when the time comes to defend it, we use HI at full scale to do so. The adversary might be aliens
something like nuclear weapon could come out much quicker then at the time what Germany thought and therefore gave up on the task, instead focused on the more conventional ways and lost. If the scientific minded people cooperate, we should be wise enough for not letting
collective science here. The specific problem that you are working on is exciting but I am also excited by the potential of collective thinking process. Are you too?	Think of Manhattan project at WW2. When group of bright minds are in a cooperation to find answers and solutions,
in parallel (AI tools should help here), and then give turns for talking  of other brains, streamlining AHA moments collectively, increasing the capacity of collective consciesness or collective intelligence that I am calling HI.	Am I making sense? I see the glimpse of
problem should improve in more than one ways, real-time exhanges during that focus,I think talking is by far the most effective method for conveying new ideas, but then you need to be talking while everyone is listening after which there should be ways of getting all the feedback
We need to work on how these exchanges of ideas can be organized in such a way that progress is much quicker, may be we take some of the principles of open sourced projects, linux kernel development being a prime example. Your closing in for a weekend to focus on a particular
much better, enter HI, Humanity Intelligence, interconnecting billlions of brain cells per human in progressively more elaborate manners (instant broadcast, feedback, branching, adaptation). That is where I see the most value out of technologies that we humankind are advancing.
you are in the very process of interconnecting human brains for a common task. I find this exciting, and I am confident that many more will follow. Extension of wikipedia into real-time exchanges and updates of ideas, concepts, understandings. Step aside AI, we have something
we are entering real-time cooperation of many brains and one collaborative research team of many scientists, parallelization that is commonplace everywhere is coming to the process of scientific discovery. Please continue your efforts, with so many brains looking at the problems
By running of ideas with the community at large, humanity can advance in science in such a speed that no cooperation of machines and computing resources can be match. Independent one-brain era of discovery reading the works of others with long publishing life cycles is over,
Mike, I think you are spearheading scientific progress and discovery endeavor in a new way using the communications capabilities of our times and the conscienceness about the value of collective thought benefits of which are evident in open-source and crowd-sourced projects. https://t.co/V531m5xgXA
RT @memcculloch: @mikewarot Sounds fantastic. Do email me and tell me about it, if you are willing. Here is a blog I wrote about the big G…
RT @NobelPrize: “We need to celebrate women physicists because they’re out there… I’m honoured to be one of those women," says Donna Strick…
RT @trtworld: Turkey and the US have recently formed a joint task force to monitor the implementation process of the US pull-out from Syria…
RT @aaronjmate: A little scene from downtown Caracas. The band playing is comprised entirely of prisoners who play public events under a go…
I thought Chinese don't have a religion (blame my colleagues). So there is folk religion that came down the most significant in 100 years. Islam almost doubled by gaining about 10% and agnostics increased the most by gaining about 10%. The rest stayed about the same. Interesting. https://t.co/ELhz7ELNjf
RT @NobelPrize: "We have to show them what women can do in science!"		Françoise Barré-Sinoussi received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Me…
RT @cnni: Michelle Obama made a surprise appearance at last night's #GrammyAwards2019. She was greeted with deafening applause before deliv…
RT @amyklobuchar: Watch this excerpt from Amy's epic speech.		The cold didn't stop us. The snow didn't stop us. This is how we win. 		And f…
well, there are ways to prove that he is alive	1. free him, freedom is his right	2. if he is charged and being tried in custody, have him access to a lawyer who can visit him		anything else is manipulation and amounts to violation of human rights. https://t.co/PS8aRFiXWq
RT @cnni: This is the largest concentrated solar power farm in the world https://t.co/LzHLQvn1lL https://t.co/0aEbqovzPF
RT @RonanFarrow: Private spy firms selling election manipulation services are a booming business. Here’s the stranger-than-fiction story of…
RT @NobelPrize: Today we're celebrating pioneering neurologist Rita Levi-Montalcini, whose groundbreaking investigations into how the nervo…
RT @leemeyer21: @jen_x_turner @TheWayWithAnoa @ChelseaClinton It’s the problem of calling any criticism towards a state, a state leader or…
RT @RepRaskin: All the Swamp Monsters know the #ForThePeople Act takes government back for the common good — and they’ll do anything to sto…
RT @Neil_Mehta: Using the phone camera to superimpose #AR based walking navigation on @googlemaps via @WSJ.  Would be great when you first…
RT @trtworld: "Our differences have narrowed. It seems we have come very close to having an agreement with the IMF"		Pakistan's Finance Min…
RT @power100fm: 🔍 Grammy'nin tekrarları ne zaman ? https://t.co/gCyCWyAjWG
RT @juliamacfarlane: This is the most Harvard tweet that ever was twoten https://t.co/zGDoVYdOGi
RT @trtworld: Chinese state media release video showing Uighur musician who reportedly died in detention, following Turkey's condemnation,…
RT @business: Ariana Grande wins her first Grammy Award but skips the ceremony following a public dispute with the show's producer #Grammys…
RT @NobelPrize: Wise words from Frances Arnold, who was awarded the 2018 #NobelPrize in Chemistry. Arnold conducted the first directed evol…
RT @NGrossman81: Q: Is the Yellow Vest movement a left-wing anti-inequality protest by workers or a right-wing anti-EU protest by nationali…
RT @NobelPrize: We're celebrating the International Day of Women and Girls in Science! 		Let's look back on the life of Marie Skłodowska Cu…
RT @peachinjunnie: This is what industrial product design engineering students learn		 https://t.co/TyvaxJHXhR
RT @voxdotcom: 3 big reasons the Grammys rebounded with a terrific 2019 show https://t.co/14jrztTv1S
RT @voxdotcom: Facebook failed to act in Myanmar. Rohingya Muslims suffered horribly. Can it be held accountable? https://t.co/Nl4733ZLyZ
RT @voxdotcom: “This massive displacement of people ... has affected the world, and has had ramifications here, Europe, certainly the Middl…
RT @ReutersUK: British Defence Secretary gives speech on transforming UK defence https://t.co/GXVNRUoTCW
RT @business: A hedge fund startup run by Michael Phelps is understood to have attracted a $200 million investment from Blackstone  https:/…
RT @trtworld: Climate change is melting glaciers in Antarctica and Greenland, but for many in the remote Russian town of Panozero, the effe…
RT @TulsiGabbard: NeoCons / NeoLibs never tire of WAR. #TULSI2020 https://t.co/pTDHfjSauE
RT @trtworld: Germany's anti-trust watchdog has ordered Facebook to curb its data collection activities https://t.co/n16JZ5hVvu
RT @business: Trump is expected to sign an executive order that will direct the U.S. government to prioritize artificial intelligence in it…
"may be a means for the Russian government to access our nation's sensitive or classified research development facilities and dual-use technologies with military and commercial application, "Assistant Special Agent in Charge Lucia Ziobro wrote in the Boston Business Journal.
..	A year later, the FBI went further and sent letters warning several U.S. technology companies that had become entangled with Skolkovo that they risked possible espionage. And an agent in the bureau's Boston office wrote an extraordinary op-ed to publicize the alarm.		Skolkovo
As such, Skolkovo is arguably an overt alternative to clandestine industrial espionage - with the additional distinction that it can achieve such a transfer on a much larger scale and more efficiently," EUCOM's intelligence bulletin wrote in 2013.
Europe sounded alarm that the Skolkovo project might be a front for economic and military espionage.		"Skolkovo is an ambitious enterprise, aiming to promote technology transfer generally, by inbound direct investment, and occasionally, through selected acquisitions.
State's permission to buy Uranium One, a Canadian company with massive U.S. uranium reserves.		Years later, intelligence documents show, both the Skolkovo and Uranium One projects raised serious security concerns.		In 2013, the U.S. military's leading intelligence think tank in
The former president's trip secretly raised eyebrows inside his wife's State Department, internal emails show.		That's because he asked permission to meet Vekselberg, the head of Skolkovo, and Arkady Dvorkovich, a senior official of Rosatom, the Russian nuclear giant seeking
companies working with the Russian project, and she personally invited Medvedev to visit Silicon Valley.		The collaboration occurred at the exact same time Bill Clinton made his now infamous trip to Russia to pick up a jaw-dropping $500,000 check for a single speech.
against the former Soviet republic and now U.S. ally, Georgia.	A donor to the Clinton Foundation, Russian oligarch Viktor Vekselberg, led the Russian side of the effort, and several American donors to the Clinton charity got involved. Clinton's State Department facilitated U.S.
Moscow's version of Silicon Valley, a sprawling high-tech campus known as Skolkovo.		Clinton's handprint was everywhere on the 2009-2010 project, the tip of a diplomatic spear to reboot U.S.-Russian relations after years of hostility prompted by Vladimir Putin's military action
The case for Russia collusion … against the Democrats	Excerpt: 	As secretary of State, Hillary Clinton worked with Russian leaders, including Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and then-President Dmitri Medvedev, to create U.S. technology partnerships with 	 https://t.co/S67MMNRbQW
RT @IngrahamAngle: The case for Russia collusion … against the Democrats https://t.co/f7ksaQKY5o
RT @Reuters: May rejects pivot towards Brexit customs union compromise https://t.co/dcpPdHy60n https://t.co/xW2XqLBoeG
RT @trtworld: Turkish Navy helped film an infamous sunken World War 2 submarine found in the Black Sea https://t.co/kXsxB0GMtE
RT @Reuters: ⚡️ “Music, old and new, rules a largely politics-free Grammy awards” by @Reuters		https://t.co/2XnaFbtLXs #GRAMMYs
RT @trtworld: Bombed and looted during Lebanon's Civil War, the country's national library now opens its doors to the public once again htt…
61st Grammy 2019 Complete List of Nominees and Winners	https://t.co/pBfRDBwcAQ
RECORD OF THE YEAR		WINNER		This Is America		Childish Gambino		ALBUM OF THE YEAR		WINNER		Golden Hour		Kacey Musgraves		SONG OF THE YEAR		WINNER		This Is America		Childish Gambino		BEST NEW ARTIST		WINNER		Dua Lipa		BEST POP VOCAL ALBUM		WINNER		Sweetener		Ariana Grande
https://t.co/tGmFLaAxNT
IBM Blockchain Platform now live in Melbourne | ZDNet https://t.co/sv6bwByI1F
RT @EthicalSkeptic: Pufferfish, the dorks of the sea. https://t.co/A1GT5GNaSa
RT @ggreenwald: GOP Leader Kevin McCarthy threatens punishment for @IlhanMN and @RashidaTlaib over their criticisms of Israel. It's stunnin…
RT @ggreenwald: Equating @IlhanMN &amp; @RashidaTlaib's criticism of Israel to Steve King's long defense of white supremacy is obscene (McCarth…
RT @ggreenwald: Sorry, but you're not going to turn the two first Muslim women to serve in the US Congress into overnight Jew-haters becaus…
RT @business: The continent has committed $12 trillion to sustainable investing, more than anywhere else https://t.co/Q6QH5inbdB
Cows and bulls searching for “moo love” now have a mobile app to help their breeders https://t.co/ezWJIwufEm via @business
Dutch government says in talks with 250 companies about Brexit move https://t.co/1kLl3EiOjH
BBC News - Finland basic income trial left people 'happier but jobless' https://t.co/6ZgQ14OUnH
RT @Reuters: Acting Pentagon chief makes first Afghanistan trip before next round of peace talks https://t.co/4xf7aoIIdb https://t.co/wtQ5F…
RT @timgill924: 🇽🇰 🇦🇱 🇽🇰 🇦🇱 https://t.co/TgC9lK41ur
RT @GRamsey_LatAm: Como dije a ⁦@danigmarco⁩: “No sabemos si las sanciones de EE.UU. van a producir un quiebre del régimen; lo que sí sabem…
RT @RecordingAcad: For a complete list of GRAMMY winners visit ➡️ https://t.co/e0yx6sdDuu  #GRAMMYs https://t.co/ag2cUxM4oa
RT @BAFTA: Wow, what a night! Congratulations to all our winners for their amazing achievements 👏👏👏 To see the full list of winners, visit…
@timgill924 what is the risk for them? even if refunds for cancellation by users or airlines, they get their cut, don't they? or they are acting on a political order? or they are taking part in politics themselves?
RT @TulsiGabbard: Catalyst bought a drug for a rare disease that used to be free to patients &amp; hiked the cost to $375k a year. When Big Pha…
RT @thenation: There’s no question Venezuelans want a change in governance. This doesn’t mean they support the opposition or, worse, US mil…
RT @Reuters: Climate change seen as top threat, but U.S. power a growing worry: poll https://t.co/4leUMSqLri https://t.co/x0uhgJTEXZ
RT @trtworld: The UAE spied on opponents, journalists, activists and politicians in a top-secret programme, according to a report by Reuter…
Pro-Israel: Long-Term Contribution Trends | OpenSecrets https://t.co/j50E99u8Gh via @opensecretsdc
https://t.co/yOTqqDGdPE
RT @Fabriziobustama: #Tesla driver uses auto park feature in the most genius way to avoid parking fines.		MT @kashthefuturist		https://t.co…
RT @TulsiGabbard: Namaste &amp; As-Salaam-Alaikum! Aloha is a recognition that we are all family. We must speak out with one voice to condemn b…
RT @elonmusk: @alexmd2 @SpaceX Definitely! It’s amazing that the RD-170 &amp; RD-180 engines held the record for so many decades. Excellent eng…
RT @alexmd2: @elonmusk @SpaceX I know people who worked on РД 180. Its still an amazing engine though.
RT @elonmusk: Raptor reached 268.9 bar today, exceeding prior record held by the awesome Russian RD-180. Great work by @SpaceX engine/test…
RT @elonmusk: Design requires at least 170 metric tons of force. Engine reached 172 mT &amp; 257 bar chamber pressure with warm propellant, whi…
RT @elonmusk: Raptor just achieved power level needed for Starship &amp; Super Heavy https://t.co/NcqnAVWc35
RT @aaronjmate: "The economic war against Venezuela, carried out not only by the US, but also by the Grupo de Lima... [has] demonstrably ca…
RT @trtworld: Journalist Jamal Khashoggi's killing was a "brutal and premeditated killing, planned and perpetrated" by Saudi officials, a U…
what is the difference to hope help from country A vs. country B. Signs of lack of confidence by the current ruler and against the spirit of true independence. https://t.co/OOYzyNH34I
RT @MaxBlumenthal: I’m at Simon de Bolívar square in Caracas where Venezuelans are lining up for blocks to sign a declaration denouncing US…
RT @MaxBlumenthal: People have been waiting for hours at Simon de Bolívar plaza to sign a declaration opposing US intervention and aggressi…
RT @MaxBlumenthal: The Venezuelan opposition and western corporate media want to frame a portrait of Maduro and the army against “the peopl…
milleti temsil eden meclisin yetkisiz  ilgisiz ve bilgisiz kaldigi yeni sistemde denetlemenin yeri yokki https://t.co/kIlGKa0DUD
@HskinsBeaverdam @GregWeeksCLT So Venezuela is like Iraq or Libya, or a much closer recent example Egypt? As you know Turkey is proudly in the latter category, even if the split nation did not like the ruler, it united against outside interference in 2016. Still deeply split on the ruler but our problem it is.
Exact nuance I am saddened not discrimimated or calculated properly. Venezuelans need to decide: we can fix this ourselves, or no we cannot and we need the help from a super power to fix it for us. The latter never works for stable sustained nations and countries. Testing times. https://t.co/hZLZOmL1Xd
RT @juantxon: Though they seem to be at opposite poles, fanatics of all kinds are actually crowded together at one end. It is the fanatic a…
one correction: youngest woman ever (there are younger men) https://t.co/wjlR7m5NOz
RT @trtworld: Egypt's President Abdel Fattah el Sisi becomes new chairman of the African Union at the continental body's summit in Ethiopia…
RT @trtworld: Algeria's President Bouteflika says he would seek a fifth term in a presidential election set for April 18 – APS https://t.co…
@bgamall I think she is framing the problem as the biggest opportunity ever for tech dev and for fairer play. When science and tech are in driving seat, no fatal ending, only better living. I hope you experoenced life in Amsterdam with all the bikes,  human at the center. I was delighted.
RT @trtworld: Journalist Jamal Khashoggi's killing was a "brutal and premeditated killing, planned and perpetrated" by Saudi officials, a U…
RT @trtworld: "The insects are making it very hard, the scorpions and other insects under the trees."		These students in the Yemeni town of…
RT @KamalaHarris: The Green New Deal is a bold plan to shift our country to 100% clean and renewable energy. We do not fight this fight for…
RT @AOC: Finally, the reason we scope out with a resolution is bc I am not here to say that only one member of Congress will solve a global…
RT @AOC: For far too long, ideas like a carbon tax or cap-and-trade were touted as the premier solutions to climate change.		While those th…
RT @SenSanders: The U.S. is the most powerful economy on earth and we must lead the world in the fight against climate change. We can do th…
turn problem into opportunity, right on! https://t.co/yful2oeQnS
this is what I call turning a real problem into real opportunity https://t.co/pkka8OnB8I
RT @owklow: @mpac_national @Ilhan @RashidaTlaib We all are	https://t.co/OLFjtJDfwc
RT @mpac_national: We're so proud of @Ilhan Omar &amp; @RashidaTlaib for hitting the ground running in Congress. Their refusal to fall prey to…
RT @trtworld: Elizabeth Warren officially joins a crowded field of Democrats vying to challenge US President Donald Trump in 2020 and the c…
investigate it, or else such uncovered murder = murder of humanity = murder of current world order https://t.co/RBBwLtX30O
Recognizing this only now? uprising wave? latino spring ? or so designed or desired ??	Excerpt:	Protesters are angry about skyrocketing inflation and the government's failure to prosecute embezzlement from a multi-billion Venezuelan program that sent discounted oil to Haiti. https://t.co/VeqNJjnUZs
Far out from 2020, a deep US Democratic bench takes shape@TRTWorld https://t.co/Kbr99GNw7H
RT @BBCArchive: #OnThisDay 1972: Roy Castle visited the Blue Peter studio to show off his spoon-playing skills. Shep helped. https://t.co/R…
RT @MaxBlumenthal: Valuable on the ground reporting from @timgill924 &amp; @BeccaAnnice on the role of USAID in training and mobilizing Juan Gu…
RT @trtworld: Venezuelan army official, Colonel Ruben Paz Jimenez, drops allegiance to President Maduro, backs opposition leader Guaido ins…
RT @AOC: “Climate change is not a market glitch to be fixed through pricing... but part of a dire social crisis.”		The GND Resolution’s pur…
If a country pays for another for its security needs, its map or government is bound to change. https://t.co/oP9qjaDPmL
RT @adamjohnsonNYC: who says bipartisanship is dead? It’s always there for sanctions, bombings and coups! https://t.co/jKIL5NeDua
RT @trtworld: Ninth-graders at Dallas' Uplift Hampton Preparatory school learn about mental health through its 'Youth Aware of Mental healt…
https://t.co/rXiCDWf7DT
RT @trtworld: Prominent Uighur musician Abdurehim Heyit has died in a Chinese prison, while serving a eight-year sentence. An estimated one…
RT @Paula_Piccard: More than 33% of all Smartphones will include Artificial Intelligence capabilities at the chipset level by 2020. 		https…
RT @KirkDBorne: MIT #DeepLearning Basics — Introduction and Overview with #TensorFlow: https://t.co/9JkGLYfMT0 #BigData #DataScience #Machi…
https://t.co/4qTV2HmqpH
https://t.co/KMdOWPmQ1z
Trump misses Senate deadline on Khashoggi killing @TRTWorld https://t.co/X7jFBI4dLJ
Maduro vows to block US 'fake' aid 'spectacle' – Venezuelan crisis @TRTWorld https://t.co/odMEdUNwmN
Turkey calls on China to close Uighur detention camps @TRTWorld https://t.co/B1GhBS4gbo
RT @techreview: Finland is showing other countries how to make the AI revolution more inclusive. https://t.co/jPlpIMmnKh
https://t.co/nxe8nsfQHm
RT @RaniaKhalek: While the media was celebrating Nancy Pelosi for clapping weird at Trump, she released a statement supporting Trump’s atte…
What is wrong with people, calling for intervention into your country so that you politically win over your opponent to be the ruler. You can never be a True Ruler no matter who is right or wrong. Even Pelosi supports Trump on intervention calling your country imperialist. Shame. https://t.co/RO0moYjBLJ
RT @AOC: @JStein_WaPo There are multiple doctored GND resolutions and FAQs floating around. There was also a draft version that got uploade…
More arguments on nuclear fairing better against other renewables. https://t.co/KM0JEjXfC5
@lasertv @thehill @AOC Brillouin Energy is an advanced clean-technology, mid-venture stage company. Brillouin is developing a safe, ultra-clean, non-carbon source of low-cost renewable heat energy technology, based on a Controlled Electron Capture Reaction (CECR) process.
@lasertv @thehill @AOC With negligible costs for hydrogen and a nickel catalyst, Brillouin Energy’s CECR process technologies promise the potential of a safe, clean, non-carbon source of low-cost heat energy, with broad applications for the multi trillion-dollar global energy and process heat markets.
@lasertv @thehill @AOC That idea didn’t hold up, and only a handful of researchers around the world have continued trying to understand the mysterious nature of the inconsistent, heat-generating reactions that had spurred those claims.
@lasertv @thehill @AOC It’s been a big year for low-energy nuclear reactions. LENRs, as they’re known, are a fringe research topic that some physicists think could explain the results of an infamous experiment nearly 30 years ago that formed the basis for the idea of cold fusion.
RT @lasertv: @thehill @AOC Instead of banning aviation, $100 million dollars, less than the cost of one new Boeing 787, could fully fund th…
LENR • LANR • CANR • COLD FUSION		Low Energy Nuclear Reactions • Lattice Assisted Nuclear Reaction • Chemical Assisted Nuclear Reactions • Cold Fusion		home alternative energy is much more than solar and wind. Thanks to these upstarts with nuclear scientists behind them. https://t.co/Kf0jjwYMyy
These prototypes are capable for providing heat and electricity for various applications.
Lenuco is developing a revolutionary energy source capable of providing clean and affordable energy. The energy source is generated thorough Low Energy Nuclear Reactions (LENR). 	The company is investigating various materials and developing prototypes. https://t.co/Q5XD0MuZif
who was elected at age 30. American voters have elected many men in their 20s to Congress.
Sen. Bernie Sanders. She calls herself a “Democratic socialist” and supports a national $15 minimum wage and universal health care coverage.		She takes the record for the youngest woman elected to Congress from Rep. Elise Stefanik, a Republican representing upstate New York
often women and minorities — trying to shove their party to the left.		Ocasio-Cortez was born in the Bronx but raised in suburban Westchester County. Her father died while she was a student at Boston University in 2008. She got her start in politics as an organizer for
She shocked many in New York politics, including herself, when she came out of nowhere to defeat 10-term Rep. Joe Crowley in New York’s Democratic congressional primary last spring.		The victory made her the national face of young, discontented Democrats —
ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ (New York Democrat)		At 29, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is the youngest woman elected to Congress. Ocasio-Cortez has said she is still paying off her student loans and until recently had no health insurance.
A look at some of the winners in House races around the US		https://t.co/f5r0TUmFMp
let's trace back a bit:	Democrat Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez defeats Republican Anthony Pappas in New York City		https://t.co/WFi4WuGnwY
https://t.co/ld6XhJDhu9
https://t.co/olQtEtqWKN
https://t.co/ni5XqMdPvJ
correction @AOC and that she is the youngest woman ever elected in congress, and she is running for presidency in 2020. 		Let us refresh on who she is from her tweet: https://t.co/34eKBFjL1z
#OAC on why American democracy is broken. if no corrective actions are taken everyone knows how the story of the best democracy realization of mankind might end.	What is also striking is that the youngest member of the congress is making the diagnosis of this fatal problem. https://t.co/ft5O2F2jpW
Kazaklar Turkiye den daha bilinçli. Müslümanız evet ama Arap değiliz. 	Din kültürümüzü esaret altına almış. 	Yozlaşıp maddeyle telafi etmeye çalışıyoruz kültürel boşluğumuzu.	Avrupa dan Amerika ya göç gibi. 	Amerika da din veya madde dolduruyor insanların hayatlarını. İnsanlık. https://t.co/P6bq1HayHT
RT @OrtaAsyaDunyasi: -Didim niçün qorqmassän?	-Didi Täŋrim bar!		Doğu Türkistan’ın Neşet Ertaş’ı, büyük Ozan #AbdurehimHeyit Çin zindanları…
RT @mukrmn_19: Doğu Türkistan'ın bir sesi daha susturuldu..	Uygur halkının hürriyet diye haykıran büyük ozanı Abdurrahim Heyit esir tutuldu…
https://t.co/nZN840GKmI
https://t.co/0SwPTeNfEU
RT @Waymo: Behind-the-scenes footage from our archives of T’shaka’s first driverless experience back in January. #LifewithWaymo https://t.c…
RT @businessinsider: The woman in charge of laying the groundwork for Waymo's self-driving taxis in cities across the US reveals why 'humil…
RT @kirstenkorosec: I spoke to @Waymo CTO Dmitri Dolgov on the company's past, present and possible future ... here's what he had to say ht…
RT @jblefevre60: 30 squats in Russia gets you a free train ticket!		@evankirstel @ipfconline1 @SpirosMargaris @HaroldSinnott @Paula_Piccard…
RT @NetflixFilm: Whew, I’ve been waiting for Friday since Monday. If you’re in the same boat, @ me with your mood, and I’ll give you a film…
RT @hplabs: Our incredible researchers are exploring a new approach to 3D imaging at the cellular level. https://t.co/eLhuvO6Tpf
RT @ForbesTech: The 10 Biggest Fintech Companies In America 2019: https://t.co/LBdOzKkSAS
RT @siliconrepublic: ICYMI: #Article13: What are the next steps for the EU copyright directive? https://t.co/yHjNMpX633
RT @NewYorker: In 2018, @RonanFarrow wrote about A.M.I.’s use of "catch and kill," a tabloid tactic for purchasing stories in order to bury…
RT @JeffBezos: I’ve written a post about developments with the National Enquirer and its parent company, AMI. You can find it here: https:/…
RT @Droneuavfilming: Top drone story: @IntheNow_tweet: 'Battle-tested, combat-approved. In other words, 'This weapon has been used to terro…
https://t.co/09v3nhlnDv
https://t.co/TY84aWLSbU
MDPI and ACS Style		McCulloch, M.E. A Toy Cosmology Using a Hubble-Scale Casimir Effect. Galaxies 2014, 2, 81-88.		#mdpigalaxies A Toy Cosmology Using a Hubble-Scale Casimir Effect https://t.co/MMJbnADOaH  @MDPIOpenAccess
All papers published in the journal are subject to thorough and strict peer-reviewing.		Astrophysics and Space Science features short publication times after acceptance and colour printing free of charge.
Astrophysics and Space Science		An International Journal of Astronomy, Astrophysics and Space Science		ISSN: 0004-640X (Print) 1572-946X (Online)		https://t.co/PwE0gNNivy
All MDPI journals are archived long-term with the Swiss National Library.
in Web of Science towards the end of 2018. Ten out of these titles are receiving first Journal Impact Factors (JIF) in 2019. Furthermore, the large majority of biomed-related journals are archived in PubMed Central, with article abstracts to be found in PubMed/MEDLINE.
Journals Covered by Leading Indexing Databases		At MDPI, we aim to expand coverage by the main academic databases Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE) and Scopus to all journals. Forty-eight journals were included in the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE)
Our 203 diverse, peer-reviewed, open access journals are supported by over 35,500 academic editors. We serve scholars from around the world to ensure the latest research is freely available and all content is distributed under a Creative Commons Attribution License (CC BY).
About MDPI		A pioneer in scholarly open access publishing, MDPI has supported academic communities since 1996. Based in Basel, Switzerland, MDPI has the mission to foster open scientific exchange in all forms, across all disciplines.	https://t.co/21W8slYEg7
to a discount on the APC of their next publication in any MDPI journal, in appreciation of the work done.
25 days after submission; acceptance to publication is undertaken in 5.7 days (median values for papers published in this journal in the second half of 2018).		Recognition of reviewers: reviewers who provide timely, thorough peer-review reports receive vouchers entitling them
High visibility: Indexed in the Emerging Sources Citation Index (ESCI) - Web of Science, in Scopus(from Vol. 1), Inspec (IET), as well as in ADS - Astrophysics Data System.		Rapid publication: manuscripts are peer-reviewed and a first decision provided to authors approximately
Galaxies (ISSN 2075-4434) is a peer-reviewed open access journal of astronomy, astrophysics, and cosmology published quarterly online by MDPI. 		Open Access - free for readers, with article processing charges (APC) paid by authors or their institutions.		https://t.co/JvC1stxA0b
RT @memcculloch: @AnalyticD @dragonfruit11 @AstronomerEric I loved that blog by @EthicalSkeptic (link below), especially the last part. Lik…
RT @memcculloch: @AstronomerEric I have published this paper https://t.co/8onVouuPlH to show that #QI predicts the CMB low-l anomaly, and I…
https://t.co/lHngpANTOP
Galaxy rotations from quantised inertia and visible matter only		Astrophysics and Space Science	September 2017, 362:149| Cite as		Authors	Authors and affiliations	M. E. McCulloch	1.	Open Access	Original Article	First Online: 02 August 2017	https://t.co/oPUQ7YUvlg
https://t.co/yrJa0tULwE
© 2007. The American Astronomical Society. All rights reserved. Printed in U.S.A.	The Astrophysical Journal Supplement Series,Volume 170, Number 2
Three-Year Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe (WMAP) Observations: Polarization Analysis		L. Page1, G. Hinshaw2, E. Komatsu3, M. R. Nolta4, D. N. Spergel5, C. L. Bennett6, C. Barnes1, R. Bean5,7, O. Doré4,5, J. Dunkley1,5Show full author list		https://t.co/uByHd6wep3
https://t.co/UgDH0luOf3
© 2007. The American Astronomical Society. All rights reserved. Printed in U.S.A.	The Astrophysical Journal Supplement Series,Volume 170, Number 2
Three-Year Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe (WMAP*) Observations: Temperature Analysis		G. Hinshaw1, M. R. Nolta2, C. L. Bennett3, R. Bean4, O. Doré2,5, M. R. Greason6, M. Halpern7, R. S. Hill6, N. Jarosik8, A. Kogut1Show full author list		https://t.co/qOFatBBpKb
Cosmic microwave background acoustic peak locations		Z. Pan L. Knox B. Mulroe A. Narimani		Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society, Volume 459, Issue 3, 1 July 2016, Pages 2513–2524,
https://t.co/PH1YJYEAe8
https://t.co/KzVlbXPcgN
https://t.co/9HT2wdwqRo
https://t.co/7GLQkoXMuY
https://t.co/otteBjK4Xn
https://t.co/tFYmXsYQct
RT @memcculloch: This is the famous #CMB spectrum: the energy (y axis) seen in the CMB at various scales (x axis). Standard physics needs t…
RT @memcculloch: @ReadDark @AstronomerEric As I said #QI predicts the positions of the peaks. It has no free parameters, just the speed of…
(ed: so this is like softmobile as opposed automobile? in other words, car provides the hardware, guardian is the software which can run in the background or foreground  depending on the human driver's need.	If hardware is made with a common standard , sw can run on any hw.)
vehicles from stock models this spring.	 	P4 will make its public debut during Toyota’s CES press conference at 1:00 p.m. PT on Jan. 7. As part of the event, TRI CEO Dr. Gill Pratt will present recent technological advances in its Guardian automated driving.
designer at CALTY Design Research. “The result is a fluid surface embracing advanced technology loosely inspired by science fiction in the graphic separations between form and function.”	 	TMNA R&amp;D’s Prototype Development Center in York Twp., Mich. will begin fabricating P4
This frees up the entire floor of the trunk for hauling cargo.	TRI once again tapped CALTY Design Research in Ann Arbor, Mich. to handle styling.	 	“We took a holistic approach to integrating autonomous componentry into the design of the new LS,” said Scott Roller, senior lead
battery with the 12v battery now serving only as a backup.	 	The compute box in the trunk, which serves as the “brain” of the automated driving system, has been reimagined. It is now tucked vertically against the rear seat transom, folding down to access the circuitry.
greater computing power, its systems can operate more machine learning algorithms in parallel for faster learning.  It can process sensor inputs faster and react more quickly to the surrounding environment. All computing system power is now drawn from the vehicle’s hybrid
for close range detection around the vehicle perimeter. The LIDAR sensing system with eight scanning heads carries over from the previous test model, Platform 3.0, and morphs into the new vehicle design.	 	P4 is a much smarter research vehicle than its predecessor. With
and two new imaging sensors – one facing forward and one pointed to the rear – specifically designed for autonomous vehicles. The imaging sensors feature new chip technology with high dynamic range. The radar system has been optimized to improve the field of view, especially
The P4 benefits from Lexus’ new generation of chassis and steering control technology, which provides greater agility and allows for more responsive and smoother maneuvers during automated driving.	 	P4 adds two additional cameras to improve situational awareness on the sides
further accelerating our development of both Chauffeur and Guardian.
Based on the Lexus LS-500h, the P4 is smarter, more agile and more responsive than any of its predecessors. It can process sensor inputs faster and react more quickly to the surrounding environment. The P4 will join the TRI test fleet in the spring of this year
Today, it is my pleasure to share our newest Guardian and Chauffeur test bed the TRI- P4 research vehicle.
dummy-vehicle.		In this instance, Guardian’s best option was to safely accelerate away from encroaching vehicles to avoid collision. 		And furthermore, by accelerating out of the way, Guardian also helped make space that might have helped other vehicles from crashing.
From the data gathered, we developed an accurate simulation which we then translated into a learning tool for Guardian to perceive, predict and plan the options in a split-second. 		We then re-created the scenario on the test track, using real vehicles and a guided, soft-target,
But we believe in it so much, we would like to see it on every car on the road, not just Toyotas. In other words, Guardian for all.
By doing so, MaaS companies can use any autonomous Chauffeur system that they choose with Toyota Guardian acting as a redundant check.
last year, we plan to include Toyota Guardian as standard equipment on all Toyota e-Palette platforms that we build for the MaaS – Mobility as a Service – market.
Excerpts from the transcript (in the tweet before the last):	Guardian will also add this extra measure of oversight to any future autonomous chauffeur system provided by either Toyota, or by some other company.	This is a key capability. Because, as we announced here at CES
https://t.co/uttxX5Rcpw
https://t.co/IacMKe0rgK
https://t.co/roVMsfLUbH
#AI for some love:	Toyota Concept-i | Concept Movie https://t.co/55ATp7BDw8 via @YouTube
US assigned Mogadishu embassador only recently with $300M budget.	US can strike in Somalia or Libya	but not in Nigeria.	Russians sell Algeria high end military equipment there are many camps from conflicts and from femine ngos do not operate freely.
Gjibouti took the port from UAE a year ago, has no intentions of selling the port to China. Still US has the risk of being denied to access and if that happens most African missions will be impacted.
China hosted 50 of 52 African countries heads of states. 	US hosted only 40 defense officials.	China visited Africa with 80 senior level officials. US needs more relation building.  	Djibouti is the first military base of China overseas to protect their business interests.
Russia brought nuclear weapons and military gear while Cuba brought in military guards that protect Maduro government.	There are 2000 generals on staff	2 weeks of pressure on Venezuela degraded the military force with signs of cracking expected any time.
Venezuela is going through crisis for 2 weeks now Madura holding onto the power after Guaido claiming elections victory.	Maduro gets help of Russia Cuba and Iran and with the support of neighboring Caribbean countries who get cheap oil from Venezuela.	Maduro blocks the roads.
General Waldhauser, Commander of Africom for Africa region as AOR		Admiral Faller, Commander of Southcom for South America region	as AOR 		AOR = Area of Responsibility
Kozyrkov tells us that (with cloud behind it) AI has gone from being the province and preserve of a few researchers in just a handful of locations, to becoming a global community of people from all walks of life.
Machine learning and AI are about learning from examples and the unfortunate reality of earlier decades is that there simply wasn’t much data to go around. Today, the world is collecting more data than ever before, so businesses now have the fuel to make AI tick.
TensorFlow’s ‘triumph’ (as Google would put it) is in making code less power-hungry, helping us to avoid wasted compute cycles unnecessarily through inefficient calculations or hardware left idling while it’s not needed.
Originally hailing from the Google Brain division (but later open sourced for everyone), TensorFlow is a machine learning framework that increases the efficiency with which the neural network computations are carried out behind the scenes.
@quaesita @Forbes Excerpt: 	Even if you can rent a datacenter, training neural networks with naive brute force will probably still require more hardware than you’d reasonably want to be using. Kozyrkov contends that this is where TensorFlow comes in.
The sector is hot right now, with cybersecurity startups raising $5.3 billionlast year globally, up from $4.4 billion in 2017, according to Strategic Cyber Ventures.
Illumio competes with a number of cybersecurity companies, including Bromium and Tanium, both of which are funded by Andreessen Horowitz. 	Other rivals include Kleiner Perkins Caufield &amp; Byers-backed Shape Security and Ionic Security.
This also offers clients flexibility, so if they wish to change their server provider, for example, Illumio’s protection moves with them.	https://t.co/gtdsZFkJ6W
Illumio’s products operate on a micro-segmentation model, adding a software security layer around every computing instance (servers and containers). They provide organizations the “visibility of an MRI machine,” the company says.
Specifically, the company will continue to expand its presence in the U.S., EMEA, and APAC regions, where Illumio claims to have seen a 50 percent increase in total global headcount in 2018.
CEO and cofounder Andrew Rubin is now focused on taking Illumio to the next level. “With this latest round of funding, we’re continuing to invest in scaling our global go-to-market, as well as the innovation of our platform,” he said.
With over $332.5 million in funding secured to date(from J.P. Morgan Asset Management, BlackRock, and Andreessen Horowitz), Illumio is one of the top-funded cybersecurity startups globally.
@evankirstel Excerpt:	Illumio today secured $65 million in series E funding as the California-based cybersecurity startup seeks to push further into global markets. 	The new round was led by clients advised by J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Illumio said, without disclosing names.
RT @evankirstel: Cybersecurity provider Illumio raises $65 million to continue global expansion https://t.co/5qSAt61h7O #Cloud https://t.co…
RT @quaesita: "Decision science, it's now ‘a thing’" - @Forbes		https://t.co/OA0wN4xkKq
RT @Reuters: Germany does not want to exclude Huawei from 5G buildout: Handelsblatt https://t.co/6Lzzvwo0Az https://t.co/mp7UowTak4
RT @7wData: State of the #Cloud 2019 · Bessemer Venture Partners — BVP	A decade ago there weren’t any private #cloud companies valued at $1…
RT @thenextweb: Google warns news sites may lose 45% of traffic if EU passes its Copyright Reform https://t.co/9JaWo8TXNE
RT @MintPressNews: Juan Guaido claims that his new self-ascribed job title is fully in keeping with Article 233 of Venezuela’s 1999 constit…
RT @siliconrepublic: After whittling down thousands of suggestions, @ESA has decided to name its future #MarsRover after the British chemis…
RT @Dominic1King: Brilliant to see @pearsekeane recognised in this @IrishTimes article. Since his email to @mustafasuleymn &gt;3 years ago he’…
RT @MintPressNews: Venezuelan opposition social media networks are engaging in inauthentic coordinated activity on Twitter. And what has Tw…
RT @evankirstel: A Technical Breakdown Of Google's New Blockchain Search Tools #google #blockchain https://t.co/IgLJXvQ488
RT @statnews: After fielding more than 36,000 ideas from the public, the European Space Agency has settled on a name for its new ExoMars ro…
RT @carl_eschenbach: Technical DNA, excellent leadership, a phenomenal culture, and a great business model. This is why we believe @chris_u…
RT @universal_sci: Physics being physics. https://t.co/SDRByfbDUo
RT @evankirstel: WifiForward: ‘Our 5G future depends on Wi-Fi’ https://t.co/KtiJ69FUIl https://t.co/Zbdna0YtLT
RT @Chip_Insider: Several issues have yet to be cracked with beamforming &amp; massive MIMO antennas, which will make mmWave spectrum—a key ing…
RT @Forbes: In the late 1990s Google transformed the Web by creating a fast search engine. Now it could do the same for blockchains	https:/…
RT @Forbes: https://t.co/XMBuUZlV1D
Senate Armed Services Committee open session for budgetary testimonies of generals in charge of active operations abroad.	https://t.co/6asj6z87zS
RT @guardian: May clashes with Tusk and Juncker but EU agrees to fresh talks https://t.co/bC3FTMOwxB
Or justify it properly if the national interest strongly calls for an intervention.We are living in information age and people deserve to be treated with respect when it comes to decisions of war and peace.
This is getting absurd. It sounds ridicoulus, but the speaker is the top state official and he is implying US will take military action in Venezula and blaming Iran for it! 	This is too much indeed. Not again, not this blatantly. Congress must act to stop another mis-adventure. https://t.co/PXTHmEClZ3
RT @altium: You may need to use multiple online tools just to maximize your #productivity. We offer another way. #pcblayout https://t.co/HO…
based on TensorFlow. 	In this paper, we describe the resulting high-level design, sketch some of the challenges and their solutions, and touch upon the open problems and future directions.
Abstract:	Federated Learning is a distributed machine learning approach which enables model training on a large corpus of decentralized data. We have built a scalable production system for Federated Learning in the domain of mobile devices, 	https://t.co/Shv0jkMErx
RT @Techmeme: Microsoft joins Google, Facebook, and Arm as a member of the OpenChain Project, which aims to standardize open-source softwar…
Audio-First by Daniel Ek, Founder and CEO, Spotify on the Gimlet and Anchor podcast acquisitions with good perspective on video, audio, and music industries 	https://t.co/4GsDXRRWIU
RT @Techmeme: Spotify buys Gimlet Media, a podcast producer and network, sources say for ~$230M, and Anchor, which makes it easier for user…
RT @TechCrunch: Spotify's acquisition of Gimlet and Anchor shows the company thinks podcasts are big business https://t.co/GDVggrncNf
RT @AOC: This full thread has my five minute “Corruption Game” questioning from today’s hearing: ⬇️ https://t.co/hhoRIQYvQD
https://t.co/7ZAvNf7d9Y
https://t.co/uRn9jEHUwJ
Indonesian e-commerce unicorn Bukalapak raises $50M – TechCrunch https://t.co/FhLFWEHFI4
RT @opencorporates: Press release: German company data must be available https://t.co/mFPZkadfho
RT @Alevskey: Eclipse Ventures in Palo Alto just added two more big wheels as general partners: https://t.co/Kca5vA0IJ9 by TechCrunch #info…
if this pops up blank just go to @alain_co and click on his twitter moments
here is @alain_co collection of moments on the topic	https://t.co/aeF9CN9r4x
here is his blog:	https://t.co/gvp1uPeq7W
RT @memcculloch: I wld encourage people to believe in their dreams. Ten years ago I was daydreaming that the US govt wld fund me to develop…
layman explanation of QI and related new theories along the same lines:	https://t.co/JFZxe22zRg
RT @memcculloch: Quantised inertia #QI rewrites physics so it is 1) much simpler https://t.co/28ydPMIirM, 2) predicts the 96% of nature sta…
theory of quantum inertia and rejection of dark matter with application of rockets without fuel, if all true, nobel laurate caliber work and will turn the space industry upside down:	https://t.co/kxX8Cmytei
RT @AOC: A quick note to you all.		Let us never, ever, ever give up. https://t.co/DqIOXj2DUB
RT @IlhanMN: Value based politics is fearless politics! https://t.co/LkwbMYr0yb
RT @JStein_WaPo: @brianschatz @janschakowsky @AOC @damianpaletta .@IlhanMN pushes back on attacks from billionaires on Ds' economic populis…
RT @ianbremmer: “If I had not been elected President of the US, we would right now, in my opinion, be in a major war with North Korea with…
RT @KamalaHarris: “I definitely wanted to bring my daughter and my niece just to show them that the sky is the limit.” This is more than a…
RT @TulsiGabbard: Trump promised North Korea that we will not wage regime-change war against them while we simultaneously threaten regime-c…
RT @TulsiGabbard: I applaud the president for standing up against anti-Semitism. Now we should all stand up against religious and racial bi…
RT @TulsiGabbard: Trumps actions to withdraw from the Iran nuclear deal makes it MORE likely they will restart their nuclear weapons progra…
RT @TulsiGabbard: Say no to nuclear war. Say no to regime change wars. https://t.co/7Smy4dRe2Z
RT @ManInTheHoody: she will rock u https://t.co/Lsbnu182el
RT @AOC: Earlier today we had our second Oversight hearing of the 116th Congress. It was about voting rights and the role of money in polit…
RT @Ilhan: These are the costs of the Saudi-led War in Yemen		-17,000+ people killed	-40,000 wounded	-3 million internally displaced	-22 mi…
RT @GunarOlsen: If we care about ending war, calling on Congress to “reassert its war powers” isn’t nearly enough. In @newrepublic, I argue…
RT @julissaarce: .@AOC is wearing a pin of Jakelin Caal, the Guatemalan child who died in custody of CBP. 😭 #sotu https://t.co/VF9NGjtJe7
RT @McAllisterDen: @SenSanders Liberty does not provide comfort. It doesn’t promise ease. It guarantees no privilege or security. Freedom i…
RT @thehill: Tiffany Trump wears all-white to father's #SOTU speech, matching Dems wearing white in solidarity https://t.co/Y1GNLrtgzy http…
RT @BBCWorld: State of the Union: Trump claims fact-checked #SOTU https://t.co/8AJjuASCdG
BBC News - Flickr starts culling users' photos https://t.co/uUNDCVuAnr
Huge fire at Ocado's Hampshire warehouse brought under control https://t.co/Ye0FcP2lhC
M&amp;S to your door? Ocado launches trial of one-hour Zoom delivery service to challenge Amazon https://t.co/uDo8WqcOFs via @telegraphtech
BBC News - Children's smartwatch recalled over data fears https://t.co/KinQyQ5yxy
Thank you. God Bless You, God Bless America, and good night!
We must keep America first in our hearts. We must keep freedom alive in our souls. And we must always keep faith in America's destiny -- that one Nation, under God, must be the hope and the promise and the light and the glory among all the nations of the world!
together as citizens, as neighbors, as patriots.		This is our future -- our fate -- and our choice to make. I am asking you to choose greatness.		No matter the trials we face, no matter the challenges to come, we must go forward together.
We defy the impossible. We conquer the unknown.		This is the time to re-ignite the American imagination. This is the time to search for the tallest summit, and set our sights on the brightest star. This is the time to rekindle the bonds of love and loyalty and memory that link us
We have not yet begun to dream.		We must choose whether we are defined by our differences -- or whether we dare to transcend them.		We must choose whether we will squander our inheritance -- or whether we will proudly declare that we are Americans. We do the incredible.
What will we do with this moment? How will we be remembered?		I ask the men and women of this Congress: Look at the opportunities before us! Our most thrilling achievements are still ahead. Our most exciting journeys still await. Our biggest victories are still to come.
the golden beaches of California. Together, we represent the most extraordinary Nation in all of history.
Here tonight, we have legislators from across this magnificent republic. You have come from the rocky shores of Maine and the volcanic peaks of Hawaii; from the snowy woods of Wisconsin and the red deserts of Arizona; from the green farms of Kentucky and
We have spent more than $7 trillion in the Middle East.		As a candidate for President, I pledged a new approach. Great nations do not fight endless wars.
and proudly opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem.		Our brave troops have now been fighting in the Middle East for almost 19 years. In Afghanistan and Iraq, nearly 7,000 American heroes have given their lives. More than 52,000 Americans have been badly wounded.
One of the most complex set of challenges we face is in the Middle East.		Our approach is based on principled realism -- not discredited theories that have failed for decades to yield progress. For this reason, my Administration recognized the true capital of Israel --
we will be able to reduce our troop presence and focus on counter-terrorism. We do not know whether we will achieve an agreement -- but we do know that after two decades of war, the hour has come to at least try for peace.
and thanks to their bravery, we are now able to pursue a political solution to this long and bloody conflict.		In Afghanistan, my Administration is holding constructive talks with a number of Afghan groups, including the Taliban. As we make progress in these negotiations,
With one voice, we must confront this hatred anywhere and everywhere it occurs.
Now, as we work with our allies to destroy the remnants of ISIS, it is time to give our brave warriors in Syria a warm welcome home.		I have also accelerated our negotiations to reach a political settlement in Afghanistan. Our troops have fought with unmatched valor --
we put in place the toughest sanctions ever imposed on a country.		We will not avert our eyes from a regime that chants death to America and threatens genocide against the Jewish people.We must never ignore the vile poison of anti-Semitism, or those who spread its venomous creed.
When I took office, ISIS controlled more than 20,000 square miles in Iraq and Syria. Today, we have liberated virtually all of that territory from the grip of these bloodthirsty killers.
My Administration has acted decisively to confront the world's leading state sponsor of terror: the radical regime in Iran.		To ensure this corrupt dictatorship never acquires nuclear weapons, I withdrew the United States from the disastrous Iran nuclear deal. And last fall,
Tonight, we renew our resolve that America will never be a socialist country.
Here, in the United States, we are alarmed by new calls to adopt socialism in our country. America was founded on liberty and independence –- not government coercion, domination, and control. We are born free, and we will stay free.
and we condemn the brutality of the Maduro regime, whose socialist policies have turned that nation from being the wealthiest in South America into a state of abject poverty and despair.
Two weeks ago, the United States officially recognized the legitimate government of Venezuela, and its new interim President, Juan Guaido.		We stand with the Venezuelan people in their noble quest for freedom --
right now, in my opinion, be in a major war with North Korea with potentially millions of people killed. Much work remains to be done, but my relationship with Kim Jong Un is a good one. And Chairman Kim and I will meet again on February 27 and 28 in Vietnam.
As part of a bold new diplomacy, we continue our historic push for peace on the Korean Peninsula. Our hostages have come home, nuclear testing has stopped, and there has not been a missile launch in 15 months. If I had not been elected President of the United States, we would
- in which case, we will outspend and out-innovate all others by far.
Russia repeatedly violated its terms. That is why I announced that the United States is officially withdrawing from the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty, or INF Treaty.		Perhaps we can negotiate a different agreement, adding China and others, or perhaps we can't –
Under my Administration, we will never apologize for advancing America's interests.		For example, decades ago the United States entered into a treaty with Russia in which we agreed to limit and reduce our missile capabilities. While we followed the agreement to the letter,
For years, the United States was being treated very unfairly by NATO -- but now we have secured a $100 billion increase in defense spending from NATO allies.		As part of our military build-up, the United States is developing a state-of-the-art Missile Defense System.
The final part of my agenda is to protect America's National Security.		Over the last 2 years, we have begun to fully rebuild the United States Military -- with $700 billion last year and $716 billion this year. We are also getting other nations to pay their fair share.
Let us work together to build a culture that cherishes innocent life. And let us reaffirm a fundamental truth: all children -- born and unborn -- are made in the holy image of God.
To defend the dignity of every person, I am asking the Congress to pass legislation to prohibit the late-term abortion of children who can feel pain in the mother's womb.
mother's womb moments before birth. These are living, feeling, beautiful babies who will never get the chance to share their love and dreams with the world. And then, we had the case of the Governor of Virginia where he basically stated he would execute a baby after birth.
There could be no greater contrast to the beautiful image of a mother holding her infant child than the chilling displays our Nation saw in recent days. Lawmakers in New York cheered with delight upon the passage of legislation that would allow a baby to be ripped from the
I am also proud to be the first President to include in my budget a plan for nationwide paid family leave -- so that every new parent has the chance to bond with their newborn child.
Many childhood cancers have not seen new therapies in decades. My budget will ask the Congress for $500 million over the next 10 years to fund this critical life-saving research.	To help support working parents, the time has come to pass school choice for America's children.
legislation that finally takes on the problem of global freeloading and delivers fairness and price transparency for American patients. We should also require drug companies, insurance companies, and hospitals to disclose real prices to foster competition and bring costs down.
decline in 46 years.		But we must do more. It is unacceptable that Americans pay vastly more than people in other countries for the exact same drugs, often made in the exact same place. This is wrong, unfair, and together we can stop it.		I am asking the Congress to pass
The next major priority for me, and for all of us, should be to lower the cost of healthcare and prescription drugs -- and to protect patients with pre-existing conditions.		Already, as a result of my Administration's efforts, in 2018 drug prices experienced their single largest
I know that the Congress is eager to pass an infrastructure bill -- and I am eager to work with you on legislation to deliver new and important infrastructure investment, including investments in the cutting edge industries of the future.This is not an option.This is a necessity.
so that if another country places an unfair tariff on an American product, we can charge them the exact same tariff on the same product that they sell to us.
bringing back our manufacturing jobs, expanding American agriculture, protecting intellectual property, and ensuring that more cars are proudly stamped with four beautiful words: made in the USA.		Tonight, I am also asking you to pass the United States Reciprocal Trade Act,
a new trade deal with China. But it must include real, structural change to end unfair trade practices, reduce our chronic trade deficit, and protect American jobs.		Our new U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement -- or USMCA -- will replace NAFTA and deliver for American workers:
is receiving billions of dollars a month from a country that never gave us a dime. But I don't blame China for taking advantage of us -- I blame our leaders and representatives for allowing this travesty to happen. I have great respect for President Xi, and we are now working on
..	We are now making it clear to China that after years of targeting our industries, and stealing our intellectual property, the theft of American jobs and wealth has come to an end.		Therefore, we recently imposed tariffs on $250 billion of Chinese goods -- and now our Treasury
Constitutional amendment giving women the right to vote, we also have more women serving in the Congress than ever before.
No one has benefitted more from our thriving economy than women, who have filled 58 percent of the new jobs created in the last year. All Americans can be proud that we have more women in the workforce than ever before -- and exactly one century after the Congress passed the
The border city of El Paso, Texas, used to have extremely high rates of violent crime -- one of the highest in the country, and considered one of our Nation's most dangerous cities. Now, with a powerful barrier in place, El Paso is one of our safest cities.
San Diego used to have the most illegal border crossings in the country. In response, and at the request of San Diego residents and political leaders, a strong security wall was put in place. This powerful barrier almost completely ended illegal crossings.
The savage gang, MS-13, now operates in 20 different American States, and they almost all come through our southern border. 	..	We are removing these gang members by the thousands, but until we secure our border they're going to keep streaming back in.
No issue better illustrates the divide between America's working class and America's political class than illegal immigration. Wealthy politicians and donors push for open borders while living their lives behind walls and gates and guards.	..
producer of oil and natural gas in the world. And now, for the first time in 65 years, we are a net exporter of energy.	..	If there is going to be peace and legislation, there cannot be war and investigation. It just doesn't work that way!	..
patients access to life-saving cures, we passed right to try.	..	Companies are coming back to our country in large numbers thanks to historic reductions in taxes and regulations.	..	We have unleashed a revolution in American energy -- the United States is now the number one
We passed a massive tax cut for working families and doubled the child tax credit.	We virtually ended the estate, or death, tax on small businesses, ranches, and family farms.		We eliminated the very unpopular Obamacare individual mandate penalty -- and to give critically ill
workers, who I promised to fight for, faster than anyone else. 	Nearly 5 million Americans have been lifted off food stamps. 	..	Unemployment has reached the lowest rate in half a century.	..	More people are working now than at any time in our history –- 157 million.
We have created 5.3 million new jobs and importantly added 600,000 new manufacturing jobs -- something which almost everyone said was impossible to do, but the fact is, we are just getting started.	..	Wages are rising at the fastest pace in decades, and growing for blue collar
Excerpt:	This year, American astronauts will go back to space on American rockets. (ed. must be referring to private sector programs)	..	In just over 2 years since the election, we have launched an unprecedented economic boom -- a boom that has rarely been seen before.
https://t.co/dSUIrxKzdt
RT @BITART018: Monday #FF in 1 image	@CryptoCobain 	@CarpeNoctom 	@CryptoSays 	@Crypto_Ed_NL 	@CryptoCX1 	@senorLupe 	@BullyEsq 	@CryptoVan…
https://t.co/cICFbI6iMg
https://t.co/DiOxraTMX8
RT @leonlaroue: Can’t wait for Apple’s smart glasses? #Moverio BT-35E plugs right into #iPadPro via #USBC 👓📱		#WearableDisplay #AR https://…
RT @HeinzVHoenen: #AI #drones 		Synched Drones Scale In Coordinated Ball Juggling		HT~ D Brescainini, M Hehn, R D'andrea TY @Intellectgenie…
Surprisingly even the ruling party loyals thought it was such a simple and naive idea with a very high cost attached to it without a real value in return and with a potential of making people less productive and lazy that they simply dismissed the idea as bad.
Google Talk on Social Infrastructure public libraries being prime example.	It made me rethink and smile about one project that our Turkish President pitched in the last elections : national reading houses that serve free teas / coffee and cakes :)	https://t.co/xpyfUcgvLr
https://t.co/QzxlkI1iTk
Nonlinear Computation in Deep Linear Networks https://t.co/wfz4jYm6W3
https://t.co/MzoaaihHTJ
@DeptofDefense @CENTCOM https://t.co/V6Dorr2DQK
RT @ABC: NEW: CENTCOM Commander Gen. Joseph Votel testifies that he was not consulted before Pres. Trump announced withdrawal of U.S. troop…
RT @DeptofDefense: WATCH LIVE: @Centcom Commander, Gen. Joseph L. Votel testifies before the Senate Arms Services Committee. https://t.co/L…
Facebook seems interested in speeding up blockchain smart contracts—but why? https://t.co/TJlTLYGJJu via @techreview
cumhurbaskanliginin butcesinde real time translate &amp; transkript yapabilecek para mi yok acaba?	sounds just Greek to me. 		https://t.co/Xgsd6oMW6t
RT @SamHarrisOrg: My conversation with @jack has finally seen the light of day...		https://t.co/SaZQ5aI6JE
RT @evankirstel: #Boeing’s #autonomous flying car has taken to the skies for the first time #aviation #avgeek #Aerospace #ai #ArtificialInt…
https://t.co/wk9uOTCi3I
Huawei completes WACS upgrade to unveil the world's longest 100G subsea cable https://t.co/dDS5mgLNxn
Goldman Sachs and HSBC invest $20m in startup trying to make banks more like Apple https://t.co/1gh7c8b4Rd via @YahooFinance
https://t.co/3vGs2Z4qms
https://t.co/Nw86wgPLVG
How Apple Became a Force in the Semiconductor Industry https://t.co/PyWoXnXqLk via @semiwiki
https://t.co/0YR545lpNP
https://t.co/9HV3QesvDX
https://t.co/NLoolD0neO
@ValaAfshar @AlibabaGroup @Davos https://t.co/6UD7DRQiz6
RT @ValaAfshar: Jack Ma, chairman @AlibabaGroup, shares brilliant advice on life, business, entrepreneurship and leadership advice to young…
https://t.co/94NO4jx4G1
https://t.co/xwl7KCOb54
https://t.co/pFPh6ZML5V
RT @JohnInnesCentre: NEWS - Snapdragon enters the genomic age; Researchers in the @InnerWorlds1 lab have successfully assembled a near-comp…
https://t.co/MdyZvoftbH
RT @geologochacin: @NASAJPL @NASAVoyager Voyager-1 was launched on 05-september of 1977 	15126 days or  41,41 years ago
RT @vox_ciudadana: @NASAJPL @NASA @NASAVoyager A scientific research organization using yards makes me cry
https://t.co/oIOrcbRMVD
https://t.co/aP11Ksqzte
https://t.co/16R6fBxsBY
https://t.co/jEhWLZzVpz
https://t.co/cCreVgUXBb
https://t.co/RbbGhAyI17
https://t.co/vfUXMW8wIS
https://t.co/zczuEd1Obl
https://t.co/xNWgBFqcYg
https://t.co/tYHJ2Hge50
https://t.co/hqszRPW80V
https://t.co/7VGdXyxY2A
https://t.co/TVaZmpIuTa
https://t.co/XuXSRZGpH9
https://t.co/qDf5EK9N6S
https://t.co/kPjvjVq6YR
https://t.co/Jdtf2rwkE7
https://t.co/L6O4VAiDsW
https://t.co/7l6fVfBmZE
https://t.co/cbYqdOrk65
https://t.co/fUL2lBGE7S
https://t.co/oWlBOgjF8I
https://t.co/8j8cOYC3Up
https://t.co/DS5mCtynZx
https://t.co/YUmFVKYXp8
https://t.co/cupGMCYMBE
https://t.co/ss844ceyjW
https://t.co/bHrcQPOCDk
https://t.co/qfY69VJLHb
scaled performance with a simplified software stack. 	The company said it will also use the money for product development, as well as to hire in the U.S., Israel, and China.
“Businesses must scale their infrastructures in the face of skyrocketing data volumes, and we’re excited to help them,” said Uri Beitler, CEO and cofounder of Pliops, in a statement. “Pliops’ technology transforms storage so that organizations achieve more consistent, readily
Fortanix is focused on protecting data by developing a system that keeps applications running in separate enclaves to limit exposure in the event of a hack.	Pliops is developing storage processor technology designed to make datacenters run faster and more efficiently.
Western Digital Capital and Xilinx. Pliops has now raised a total of $40 million.
On the second deal, Intel Capital participated in a $30 million round for Israel-based Pliops. In this case, the round was led by Softbank Ventures Asia and included money from State of Mind Ventures (SOMV) and Viola Ventures, as well as strategic investors
Intel’s VC arm said it led a $23 million investment round for Fortanix that included money from Foundation Capital and Neotribe, bringing the startup’s total raised to $31 million.		https://t.co/Znpusg2btp
That’s high, but lower than other suppliers like Cirrus (CRUS), Skyworks and Qorvo, according to Bloomberg figures.		Those three generate 82%, 47% and 36% of their sales from Apple, respectively.
Excerpt:	KeyBanc analyst John Vinh sees Apple suppliers continuing to struggle.. Vinh likes shares of Broadcom (AVGO), in part because it is diversifying away from the mobile-phone market. Today, it derives 25% to 34% of its sales from Apple. 		https://t.co/N9j7EduIeZ
RT @ChrisXtg: MIT just announced a $1 billion plan to create a new college for AI. https://t.co/aXWHCUp3Gc https://t.co/TjtMaynvYi
RT @nowthisnews: Sorry Trump, but Nancy Pelosi says there won’t be any border wall funding in their deal https://t.co/1urMX087uG
RT @AOC: Big Pharma companies often say that drugs “need” to be expensive to fund research. What they don’t tell you is that they use *publ…
https://t.co/l8hioXWBcQ
https://t.co/gHeO9b1nP9
https://t.co/XcfgN7dwwY
Discover "One More Cup of Coffee" by Bob Dylan on #deezer https://t.co/GOlLhQPITr
Discover "Love Is A Losing Game" by Amy Winehouse on #deezer https://t.co/mYN8UcTXcF
Discover "Shoulda Let You Go" by Keyshia Cole on #deezer https://t.co/bSz3lybuC4
Discover "I Want To Come Over" by Melissa Etheridge on #deezer https://t.co/dejxHqkTrk
Discover "One Of Us" by Joan Osborne on #deezer https://t.co/S5ZCG6tqdk
Discover "Four Women" by Nina Simone on #deezer https://t.co/hlALtF524p
Discover "Gee Baby (Ain't I Good to You)" by Peggy Lee on #deezer https://t.co/e6GaWoM68k
Discover "Winter in Aspremont" by Camille Bertault on #deezer https://t.co/y4iqCEo7Og
Discover "One Fine Thing" by Irvin Mayfield on #deezer https://t.co/kgu93zgxpQ
Discover "Nina Simone's Finest Hour" by Nina Simone on #deezer https://t.co/9NPEItE8Mp
Discover "Gimme Some" by Nina Simone on #deezer https://t.co/fsQ4e9Kn0L
Discover "Marriage Is For Old Folks" by Nina Simone on #deezer https://t.co/wsI3dTc332
Discover "I Put A Spell On You" by Nina Simone on #deezer https://t.co/oqSH3uW1Ne
https://t.co/7l6fVfBmZE
https://t.co/b701NCCLBK
https://t.co/9aZgB214I5
RT @cptjtspaulding: @SwiftOnSecurity If you have trouble getting real Sudafed, here’s an article about how to make it from meth (which is e…
https://t.co/u4nAbmvfA6
https://t.co/ZFnDVhLTNJ
RT @Huawei: Meet #Atlas: the computing platform that’s strong enough for #AI. #Communicate
RT @WIRED: Whether or not you know her face, you’ve used the technology it helped create.   https://t.co/yDMF4y2h3T
https://t.co/lCgP1Fxwcx
RT @koehrsen_will: A contemplative article on data science and writing. I appreciate all the help and encouragement from the data science c…
https://t.co/OOIM8CHKoF
via @PCGH_Redaktion - #CPU: CPU-Roadmap 2019-2020: Künftige AMD- und Intel-CPUs/-APUs in der Übersicht [Januar 2019] https://t.co/XfLuG24rBq
https://t.co/UMZvHA4RVh
Intel Processor Roadmap https://t.co/s53x24r1MR
John Hennessy and David Patterson 2017 ACM A.M. Turing Award Lecture
https://t.co/RvwxoZLOjE
A block diagram of Google's "TPU" processor for machine learning (v1). Google. https://t.co/P150lJwYU7
Deep Learning Savvy: Smart, efficient, and ready to work with the wide range of NVIDIA supported solutions.
Scalable: Well-suited to scale across a wide range of IoT devices.		Proven Hardware Architecture: Based on Xavier — the world's first autonomous processor that NVIDIA designed for automotive products and more — and backed by a full verification suite.
in an open directed community where contributions are encouraged.	Complete Solution: Comes complete with a Verilog and C-model, Linux drivers, test benches and test suites, kernel- and user-mode software, and software development tools. Easily portable to other operating systems.
and portability. The hardware supports a wide range of IoT devices. Delivered as an open source project under the NVIDIA Open NVDLA License, all of the software, hardware, and documentation will be available on GitHub. Contributions are welcome.		Open Source: Developed on GitHub
Excerpt:	The NVIDIA Deep Learning Accelerator (NVDLA) is a free and open architecture that promotes a standard way to design deep learning inference accelerators. With its modular architecture, NVDLA is scalable, highly configurable, and designed to simplify integration
@LinleyGroup Best Processor IP: the open source NVDLA deep-learning accelerator		https://t.co/w22oGqdS3X
Ice Lake should also reach graphics parity with AMD, and higher-performance versions will once again nip at the low end of the discrete-graphics market.
share, Intel’s mainstream graphics define the industry’s performance floor. Gen11 is scheduled to arrive in Ice Lake in 4Q19, delivering more than 1Tflop/s—a 10x increase from the first on-die GPUs in 2011—as well as a tremendous improvement in programmability and other features.
several HDR varieties, along with greater throughput and power efficiency. On the display side, it boosted the pixel output to drive larger displays and adopted variable refresh rates to more intelligently operate displays in conjunction with the GPU.		Because of its PC market
prevent Gen11 from being the industry’s first architecture with this feature. Nevertheless, the new GPU adds this capability along with tile-based rendering.		The company is continuing to emphasize media processing by adding fixed-function support for new formats such as VP9 and
The company has also accelerated its adoption of new architectural features. For example, Skylake’s Gen9 GPU was first to employ full conservative rasterization, beating AMD and Nvidia to market. Although Intel invented coarse pixel shading, the 10nm delays will
As a result, AMD’s integrated Radeon GPU outmatches Intel’s current integrated GPUs for mainstream processors.		Intel has tweaked each graphics generation for greater scalability. Gen11’s large performance boost owes to a repartitioned hierarchy of shader cores and memories.
clever features and fixed-function hardware for the latest media formats. The new GPU will be Intel’s first to reach production since Gen9 debuted in the 2015 Skylake processors. (The company developed a Gen10 GPU for Cannon Lake, but 10nm-process delays sank that product.)
@LinleyGroup @intel Intel Turns Graphics up to (Gen) 11	January 22, 2019	Author: David Kanter		The upcoming 10nm Ice Lake processors will employ Intel’s first mainstream GPU with 1Tflop/s of single-precision compute capability. The Gen11 graphics architecture boosts power efficiency through
Arm Cortex-M3 microcontroller. Sporting up to 150,000 LUTs, SmartFusion2 sits below PolarFire in logic density. Meanwhile, both Intel (Altera) and Xilinx have shipped multiple SoC-FPGA generations that integrate Arm Cortex-A CPUs capable of running Linux.
directly access certain I/Os; PolarFire includes, for example, dual PCI Express Gen2 controllers.		Although Microchip is first to integrate hard RISC-V CPUs, SoC FPGAs are far from new. Since 2013, the company (then Microsemi) has shipped SmartFusion2 FPGAs with an integrated
The PolarFire SoC architecture includes a hardened 32-bit DDR4/LPDDR4 controller as well as processor-boot memories. This design enables the U54-MC processor complex to boot and run without consuming any FPGA resources. Although Microchip withheld details, the processor can also
previewing what’s next while stopping short of a product announcement. Due to sample in 2H19, the SoC FPGAs combine the PolarFire FPGA design with SiFive’s U54-MC complex, comprising quad 64-bit application cores, a 64-bit monitor core, and a 2MB L2 cache.
@LinleyGroup @SiFive @BobWhTLG Linley Newsletter	Microchip Previews RISC-V FPGAs	January 22, 2019	Author: Bob Wheeler	Moving from RISC-V evangelist to committed customer, Microchip is developing SoC FPGAs using cores from SiFive. With most versions of its PolarFire FPGA now shipping, the former Microsemi is
RT @LinleyGroup: New #DeepLearning Report coming soon! #AI has been dominating the news with dozens of new products and technologies announ…
RT @LinleyGroup: And the Analysts' Choice Award for Best Processor IP of 2018 goes to the open source #NVDLA deep learning accelerator.	htt…
RT @LinleyGroup: MPR news this week: @Intel Turns Graphics up to (Gen) 11. The upcoming 10nm Ice Lake processors will employ Intel’s first…
RT @LinleyGroup: MPR news this week: Bob Wheeler covers Microchip #RISC-V FPGAs. @MicroshipTech SoC FPGAs combine PolarFire FPGA design wit…
https://t.co/4sqM9IqIc3
https://t.co/LYBlM3P0Jw
https://t.co/Cj27fRTuOh
IBM POWER Processor Technology Roadmap https://t.co/mYomyR1bY6
Memory business: what's next? - Interview by Yole Développement https://t.co/7h3EKJ413F
RT @bigrideoncloud: PCM is a byte-addressable storage system, which replaces traditional file I/O operation with direct CPU instruction. So…
RT @bigrideoncloud: 3D XPoint has a different architecture from other flash products. It's reputed to be based on PCM technology, with a tr…
RT @witeken: A year ago, news broke out that Intel and Micron would stop their collaboration on 3D NAND (they share a Lehi/Utah fab) after…
https://t.co/xNWgBFqcYg
https://t.co/BPrUEPcS7x
RT @Stormof69: This is a long read, but makes me kinda love this guy @rcbregman more. "No, wealth isn’t created at the top. It is merely de…
and I believe by 1 January will be at least initially operational should be the place that occurs.
and again I believe that dialogue on space is you know as John Hyten and Jay Raymond that this country is exactly needed to do is start talking about, get the dialogue, have the discussion as we go forward. But the new space command that's in the process of being stood up
It's the army portion of the space, the air force portion of the space and then you have the intel portion of space include nsa and nro and all of their assets. I really think the unified space command has the capability with the intel world where they should occur
different things in support of this nation. I think the dialogue has been great. I really believe that tody we're standing up, the unified command, the space unified command and that's the place where that should take place.
the increased dialog, and the need to be able to do all the things we do in space, space situation awareness, you need to know what is going up there, you need to defend your own assets because they are critical and we'll evolve to different types of capabilities in space to do
Morgan: Gen Carlisle which organization should lead the development of a new space sensor layer for missile defense, MDA, the air force or a new space force?	Gen Carlisle: hot potato, thanks for that question. At the end of the day, I think,
I know we have from a congressional standpoint authorized the defense department to begin looking into these things but I don't think they had much time to do much about it.
directed energy to lasers to some kind of cyber or other kind of threat that deals with a non kinetic threat or even a kinetic capability to defend. But you may also have to develop your own similar kind of weapon to have the capability in the theater the Russians then have.
Putin has clearly calculated, is worth having despite whatever costs we may come up with. So we pull out of the treaty. So what?  he's got a very effective threat in the European theater. So you got to develop defenses against it. They can be anything from you know
unlike a ballistic missile which has a fairly lots of minutes going up-and-coming back down, cruise missile is hard to detect. There is not very much time to pick it up, to track it, and it's not easy to have a weapon to intercept it. So this is an effective weapon that
Sen Jon Kyl: .. it is not to say that the treaty no longer exists because you violate it, we need to do something to respond to the threat. How they violated was that they developed a cruise missile with a range intermediate range and they are very hard to deal with because
..	we have friends and partners. If you build a missile defense capability, and you have nations like China and Russia, they don't. So even even if it's destabilizing with those two regimes you go this is the right way to go protect our way of life and our friends and partners.
an opponent's capability less capable, swarm is a challenge. But you know, even given the argument over stability versus instability, it's the right answer to go down vs a suicide pact that mutually assures destruction.
Gen. Carlisle: If you develop an exquisite missile defense capability, is that destabilizing or stabilizin? You know, I think it's something that you got to look at for what it is, and that is your ability to defend your people. It's not an offensive weapon. It renders
and only figure 40 will get trough will they have achieved their objective. If we can do that for a cost that fits in our national strategy to me that's the most logical way to prevent war from breaking out.
the national defense strategy commission picked up on it and agrees with that. That's one of the things we can use to deter a Russia, for example, and the other is to develop a kind of missile defense that would so complicate the planning that even if they send 200 missiles over
in other words, a kind of weapon we might want to use in that context to prevent us from escalating up to the wig weapon, and is an area, I think we need a lot more discussion about. It's been recommended as prt of the nuclear posture review,
Sen Jon Kyl: we have nuclear weapons that can cause an enormous amount of destruction all over Russi. But what we don't have except in one case is a dialable weapon or a very low yield weapon or other kinds of radiation as opposed to blast capability.
from aegis ships, aegis to shore. But that does take a budget. and it does take money. and it takes the department of defense to make that a priority in taking that to congress.
Dr. Jon Kennedy: in terms of priority you need to make homeland defense, the homeland the priority and that's what the ground base interceptors about. This example of the standard missile block 2a does have a kill capability we can bring online quickly and be launched
Dr. Kennedy, but I think he's reached out to industry. I think industry knows the department's interest in it and the way to move forward and that's one of the key strategic technologies that we've got to move out of.
duplicitous work again there's not enough time or money in the budget to do multiple events to get to one end game of a hypersonic capability. I do believe, in having talked to Dr. Griffin recently, I do believe that he sees that and he's working hard and I think again, I'd ask
already are I think that the effort that we need to put forward, we need to bring the national labs and we need to bring the industry and their expertise which are paramount to success in that and we need to make sure that we're all working together and we're not doing
on it and we haven't brought that together. If you remember SDI there was a 3-star general that got put in charge of SDI at large. I think in the hypersonic's discussion, that's a strategic technology that we cannot allow ourselves to fall behind in anymore because I think we
that's his highest priority right now, is what he thinks about every day. We're working on hypersonics and you talk to one of the challenges I think, and Dr. Kennedy can relate to this, we haven't got that cohesive group. We have the army, navy, and air force, and we're working
be brought online.	..	Morgan: how quickly does the US need to be moving to put some of these technologies into play?	Gen. Carlisle: I think that's a critical play. I think what you talk about with the Chineese, and you to talk to the head at the pentagon he'll tell you that
to help on the capacity issue. The item relative to the layered space sensor is an element that could go into development today and essentially get into orbit in the near term, so there are elements that can be done and the question is is there money set aside to enable those to
new missile being co-developed with Japan the SM3 block2A which has its own kill vehicle on top and had a very successful test recently against a challenging threat. So there is new launch vehicle capability that is coming online and be on AEGIS ships and deploy more of them
on the research side. There's not a full blown program like the SDI program to go and implement with the deadlines to put that in place. I mean there's a kill vehicle upgrades that have significantly improved the performance of systems that we are developing new missiles, a
and cost imposition is part of that capacity.	Dr. Kennedy, are you already developing that technology? does some of it exist out there and could it be deployed if the government said yes pretty quickly?	Jon Kennedy: There are some elements in development at low level
I agree with what Secretary Mattis said, we have the capability, we need to, in my opinion, strategically develop the technology and we need to put the effort forth and determine where we're going and make that happen, the capacity of what we're going to try to do
is, yeah, but we can - there is counter and a lot of capability out there to counter whatever you're doing. If you ask the saying goes, take out the archer before he shoots the arrow, we can do that too depending on who the adversary is and where we're going after that.
don't know. I doubt it, but, you know, you think about the multiple,. - talk about the deterrence, you think about the triad, which believe and I think general Heighten believes it's critical to have all three legs of the triad, even if we can't stop every missile, the deterrent
hypersonics. 	U.S. Air Force General (Ret.) Herbert “Hawk” Carlisle:	..	the capacity that Senator Kyl is getting at, how much of that can we do and how many places at one time can we do? in the ballistic missile, ICBM in particular, would that happen with zero strategic warning?
throw at us, we will only deter them if we have the capability of defeating many of those attacking missiles, my point was we don't have that capability deployed, today. 	General Carlisle, your thoughts given the fact that conversation is starting to shift towards things like
we just don;t have enough directed energy weapons today to enable that. 	Sen Jon Kyl: may I just make a point?	Ye, we can kill a missile, the question is can we deter an attack from an enemy like Russia or China and because they have such a large volume of missiles that they can
Combing that together with the sophisticated ground stations that can integrate all those assets together, and then use that as our ability to get the multiplier effect to be able to multiply the fact that we can take down an international missile,
of space. We've already started that. You're seeing the price of launches has come down significantly because of the commercialization of the launch vehicle business. We're starting to see high-end sensors, the cost come down significantly, with advanced technology.
I think what has changed since the SDI days, technology has changed where I believe it's viable to be able to achieve that type of a system with the reasonable cost. You are going to ask what's reasonable. I'm going to say reasonable is going to be tied to the commercialization
Also looking at the boost phase part of the launch and working cyber effects and other techniques in that area and borrowing from some of the SDI rather than having it in space that can be launched down and at the same time doing it in a cost-effective way.
multiply that technology, I described some of the ways of multiplying it before relative to having space layer of sensors, that continue the track of these missiles launched, bringing in the directed energy capabilities that I mentioned, will also help in that area.
Morgan Brennan: Dr. Kennedy, Are Americans too optimistic right now?	Tom Kennedy: I am optimistic that we can take out a threat and we can kill a ballistic missile. 	Senator Jon Kyl: a missile.	Tom Kennedy: A balistic missile coming out, so technology exists, but we have to
that kind of number, but we haven't done it so far and it will take a lot of political will and money and more application of technology to get there.
those -- while they can shoot down enemy missile and theoretically a Russia could tip a missile with a tactical warhead even in theater, that's not the kind of thing we're talking about and that's where the American people misperceive our capability. We have the abiliy to create
against maybe something like 20 North Korean missiles. I think most Americans would be surprised to know that's it. 	Now that's a intercontinental ballistic missile. 	In theater or shorter range we have a larger capability with THAAD and our AEGIS system and the PATRIOT system.
for transcript:	https://t.co/u0o37PVKUI		senator Kyle:	in a couple of years we would have had 44 ground-based interceptors stationed in Alaska and California which based on the number of shots you need to take against an incoming missile to get it, it might mean we could defend
so the new elements of SDI 2.0 are: 	1. space layered sensors to detect thousands at boost and destroy them by kill vehicles	2. high energy lasers	3. high power microwaves	4. kinetic capability with hyper-sonic missiles
missile attack from the Soviet Union was a more moral way of deterring such an attack,” Kyl said of Reagan. “He saw it as a deterrent.” 	https://t.co/jNhFHw0JUL
required to put these capabilities in place.		”In all, the panelists agreed on Reagan’s view that space-based missile defense "leads us away from the days of mutual assured destruction to a future of mutual assured safety."		“His vision was that defending against a ballistic
it’s also co-development,” Kennedy said. “And getting our coalition partners engaged from that perspective, not just in buying the article after the U.S. develops it, but also in the co-development of it, significantly reduces the cost to the U.S. and in getting the dollars
developing and funding new capabilities, Kennedy said, pointing to Raytheon’s partnership with Japan on the Standard Missile-3 Block IIA interceptor. The interceptor carries its own ballistic-missile killer and can be launched from land and from sea.		“It’s not only a sale,
“I believe there’s more we need to do. And the reason we need to do more is because technology has changed, and the threat has significantly evolved based on that technology,” Kennedy said.		Much as they did during the Cold War, U.S. allies are playing an important role in
The commercialization of space has provided valuable research and development and reduced the cost of an integrated system of sensors to increase detection and tracking abilities. Lasers, microwaves and other technologies will multiply protection at a lower cost, Kennedy said.
missiles being fired at once. That means they may not deter peer-level adversaries, or those capable of launching missiles en masse.		One answer lies in space and the development of new technology, Kennedy said in a precursor of the DoD's Missile Defense Review.
Air Force Gen. (Ret.) Herbert “Hawk” Carlisle and U.S. Sen. Jon Kyl (R-Arizona).		The panelists agreed that current missile defense systems are vital, citing the Patriot and Terminal High-Altitude Area Defense systems, but they aren’t made to stop scores of ICBMs or cruise
focused on missile defense – specifically the legacy of President Ronald Reagan’s Strategic Defense Initiative, the effect of defense technology on geopolitics and the reactions of adversary nations to newer and more capable missile defense systems. Other panelists included U.S.
said during a panel at the Reagan National Defense Forum, an annual conference attended by members of Congress, military leaders, current and former administration officials, scholars and defense industry representatives.		The panel, moderated by CNBC anchor Morgan Brennan,
call Raytheon Chairman and CEO Tom Kennedy made late last year to an audience of defense experts and policymakers.		“To have a space-sensor layer, to be able to pick up this advanced threat … that’s an absolute must for us to get on board and develop that technology,” Kennedy
The new U.S. strategy for defense against ballistic missile attack, as described in the Department of Defense's Missile Defense Review on January 17, calls for advanced space-based missile defense technologies in an era of escalating threats around the globe.		That echoes the
RT @ChinaDaily: A test for virtual reality (VR) live transmission via the #5G network in China was successful Monday.
SDI stands for Strategic Defense Initiative
https://t.co/jNhFHw0JUL
https://t.co/oFz6Rx3L63
https://t.co/vfUXMW8wIS
https://t.co/9GexnHXHGa
https://t.co/a5MpcUrzzX
https://t.co/FqNgrOFdc7
https://t.co/8XrPFQrT5O
steering company for Turkish 5G development: 	https://t.co/e9Y4E3HkTc
https://t.co/N5XMLWJVtx
https://t.co/3ygfINjyCj
https://t.co/7iqwH5LTJW
https://t.co/bF6SIht9ss
https://t.co/d5IVAjAT8H
https://t.co/np6GDRXgdK
https://t.co/rLvgqw8wdN
https://t.co/hmebkRPDXf
assembled in China. Last year, stories surfaced that some of that production may be moved to India.
That $60 billion is also going toward jobs, Apple said. Since 2011, the number of jobs Apple said it has created and supported in the United States has more than tripled, growing from around 600,000 to now 2 million across all 50 states.		Apple’s high-end iPhones are currently
The glass for the iPhone is made by Corning in Harrodsburg, Kentucky, and the wireless communication hardware in the phone is made at Broadcom in Fort Collins, Colorado, Qorvo in Hillsboro, Oregon, and Skyworks in Woburn, Massachusetts.
atoms in thickness.” Making them requires not only an advanced and precise manufacturing operation but also skilled technicians that have received specialized training.
Apple’s TrueDepth camera, which was introduced with the iPhone X.		The manufacturer’s factory in Texas makes vertical-cavity-surface-emitting lasers, often referred to as VCSELs for Apple. The wafers are “as thin as a human hair and contain hundreds of layers measuring only a few
On Monday, the tech giant detailed some of the manufacturing jobs it has brought to the United States, specifically jobs its brought to the component manufacturer, Finisar. The company was awarded a $390 million contract around a year ago to expand production of one part of
https://t.co/cCreVgUXBb
https://t.co/jEhWLZzVpz
https://t.co/0oISyOtpNX
Two DOE Supercomputers Top List of World’s Fastest https://t.co/eUPS6RrFfb via @energy
NASA's shrinking supply of plutonium just got a robotic boost https://t.co/4MyjctOBfj
Los Alamos pursues efficient computing with Cray, Marvell and Arm https://t.co/v1FBBn5I8o
Proteomics Forensics in the Making https://t.co/LywYZngJyD
https://t.co/VO88fk6StF
https://t.co/Pee7xdLG2F
https://t.co/g7zqutoNLR
https://t.co/jyyLGwKrHA
https://t.co/Keg2f1TVTs
https://t.co/emmLXV8KzO
no acceleration support to speak of; and Mediatek had “good results” for midrange devices.		It’ll be interesting to see if Antutu’s AI Review corroborates those findings or exposes deltas in other areas.
segmentation, and deblurring.		In early tests, the results were mixed. According to the researchers, Qualcomm’s Snapdragon lacked drivers that would have improved performance at test time; Huawei achieved “quite outstanding” scores; Samsung had
A recent attempt by researchers at ETH Zurich — an app for Android devices called AI Benchmark — evaluates smartphones’ performance across a suite of open source algorithms that perform image classification, facial recognition, image super-resolution, and photo enhancement,
acceleration chip, and Huawei’s Kirin NPU — a benchmark that has thus far remained elusive.
likely to improve — or regress — with each version update.		Still, it’s an encouraging step toward an empirical benchmark for mobile AI performance across platforms like 	Samsung’s Exynos neural processing unit, MediaTek’s NeuroPilot AI platform, Qualcomm’s Hexagon DSP AI
It’s a work in progress. 	Some OEMs, like HiSilicon, use TensorFlow Lite for certain AI tasks, which might hurt their performance. And as optimization work progresses on Android’s system-level AI support, including the Android Neural Network API, Antutu says that scores are
TensorFlow Lite, a slimmed-down version of Google’s open source TensorFlow framework.
others: AI Review taps performance-boosting vendor SDKs where available, including MediaTek’s NeuroPilot, 	HiSilicon’s HiAI, and 	Qualcomm’s Snapdragon Neural Processing Engine. 	For manufacturers who have yet to supply a public AI SDK, like Samsung, the app defaults to
Devices have to process 200 images using Google’s Inception v3 model in the image classification component. In the object recognition test, they’re tasked with identifying items using Google’s MobileNet SSD. Importantly, neither benchmark favors any one hardware platform over
smartphones’ AI performance. It’s available in public beta, and consists of two tests — an image classification test and an object recognition test — that favor accuracy as opposed to speed. (Devices that finish the tasks faster score higher, but receive a penalty for errors.)
Before this week, the gauntlet touched on CPU, GPU, UI, and memory. Starting today, though, it’s expanding to a new category: artificial intelligence (AI).		As spotted by XDA-Developers, Antutu this morning announced AI Review, a new benchmarking suite that aims to quantify
Antutu is one of the most popular smartphone benchmarking apps around, with more than 100 million downloads globally. It attempts to measure hardware performance objectively with a battery of tests, the results of which it averages together to generate an overall score.
https://t.co/T6Ot4YaJbZ
https://t.co/Q2EurToeiG
https://t.co/VR1eLtCJbO
https://t.co/qZSY3I8YOB
Business Insider. Though there's no guarantee his team's approach will work, he noted, it is "guided by new science and discovery rather than speculation."
But Chen's rebuke, laser-focused on the biopharmaeutical industry, is particularly notable because it comes from a founding father of cancer immunotherapy.		"These negative trials will eventually hurt the field with misleading and confusing information," he wrote in an email to
focused on LAG-3, and the oncology-focused biotech Symphogen also has a trial in the works, according to the US clinical trials database.		Chen isn't the only scientist to raise concerns about immuno-oncology more generally, or about the lack of scientific understanding of LAG-3.
developed are so specific as to block only interactions between LAG-3 and MHC-II, he said.		In other words, "some of the LAG-3 blocking antibodies being developed in the clinic may block both interactions," Triebel said.		Immutep is collaborating with Merck on one cancer drug
autoimmunity.		Because antibodies are large molecules, "it is likely that therapeutic antibodies blocking the MHC II binding site are blocking the FGL1 binding site as well," Triebel wrote to Business Insider in an email. It's also unclear whether the cancer products being
Scientist Frédéric Triebel, who discovered LAG-3, said it's possible the distinction might not matter.	Triebel is also chief scientist and medical officer of Immutep, which calls itself the "global leader in LAG-3 products," and is developing drugs for cancer as well as
inhibiting LAG-3 in mouse tumors. (Boehringer Ingelheim was one of the funders of the research, along with the National Institutes of Health.)
be able to better fight cancer.		Several experimental drugs are trying this approach, Chen said, but it likely won't work.		In research recently published in the peer-reviewed scientific journal Cell, his Yale team found that another protein, FGL1, played a leading role in
scientific fundamentals, Chen said, especially the "quite a few" working in a specific area: LAG-3 inhibitors that block the protein MHC-II.		MHC-II is thought to be the main protein that LAG-3 binds with - so if a drug can stop that interaction, the idea goes, T-cells will then
Checkpoint inhibitors have had startlingly effective results for some cancer patients (though they haven't been able to help everyone) and the trend has swelled the ranks of cancer immunotherapy clinical trials.		Yet not all those clinical trials are grounded in firm-enough
the phenomenon works like an "off switch" for T cells. This understanding paved the way for drugs called checkpoint inhibitors, which target PD-1, PD-L1, and other proteins so T cells can continue their anti-cancer work.
why not in cancer, too?		Back in 1999, Chen helped solve a piece of the puzzle. While working at the Mayo Clinic, the researcher discovered a molecule called PD-L1 that has become a crucial component of immuno-oncology approaches today.	When another protein, PD-1, binds to PD-L1,
they're going about it the wrong way, he said.		Targeting proteins in order to fight cancer		Cancer immunotherapy, or immuno-oncology, is rooted in a simple-enough question: Usually, T cells that are part of the immune system recognize and attack foreign invaders —
he said.		Chen said this is particularly evident in the case of cancer immunotherapy drugs that target a protein called LAG-3. These products are being tested out by large firms like Bristol-Myers Squibb and Boehringer Ingelheim, but there's evidence from Chen's team that
doing the fundamental research first to show it's worth it, Dr. Lieping Chen, the co-director of the Cancer Immunology Program at Yale Cancer Center, wrote to Business Insider in an email.	"If this trend continues, we are going to see a lot of negative trials in cancer patients,"
But a leading Yale researcher and cancer immunotherapy pioneer is now warning that the field has gone astray, led by drugmakers who have lost sight of its scientific underpinnings.		Drugmakers are rushing to do clinical trials in attempts to "grab a piece" of the trend without
The ability to use the body's immune system to attack cancer is one of the most important scientific advances of our time.		The approach, called cancer immunotherapy, has had tremendously positive results in patients, and has prompted hundreds of scientific trials.
Outstanding Action Performance by a Stunt Ensemble in a Motion Picture:	“Ant-Man and the Wasp”	“Avengers: Infinity War”	“The Ballad of Buster Scruggs”	“Black Panther” (WINNER)	“Mission: Impossible – Fallout”
Outstanding Action Performance by a Stunt Ensemble in a Comedy or Drama Series:	“Glow” (WINNER)	“Marvel’s: Daredevil”	“Tom Clancy’s Jack Ryan”	“The Walking Dead”	“Westworld”
Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series:	“Atlanta”	“Barry”	“GLOW”	“The Kominsky Method”	“The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel” (WINNER)
Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series:	“The Americans”	“Better Call Saul”	“The Handmaid’s Tale”	“Ozark”	“This Is Us” (WINNER)
Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series:	Alex Borstein, “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel”	Alison Brie, “GLOW”	Rachel Brosnahan, “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel” (WINNER)	Jane Fonda, “Grace and Frankie”	Lily Tomlin, “Grace and Frankie”
Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Comedy Series:	Alan Arkin, “The Kominsky Method”	Michael Douglas, “The Kominsky Method”	Bill Hader, “Barry”	Tony Shalhoub, “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel” (WINNER)	Henry Winkler, “Barry”
Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Drama Series:	Julia Garner, “Ozark”	Laura Linney, “Ozark”	Elisabeth Moss, “The Handmaid’s Tale”	Sandra Oh, “Killing Eve” (WINNER) 	Robin Wright, “House of Cards”
Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Drama Series:	Jason Bateman, “Ozark” (WINNER) 	Sterling K. Brown, “This Is Us”	Joseph Fiennes, “The Handmaid’s Tale”	John Krasinski, “Tom Clancy’s Jack Ryan”	Bob Odenkirk, “Better Call Saul”
Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Television Movie or Miniseries:	Amy Adams, “Sharp Objects”	Patricia Arquette, “Escape at Dannemora” (WINNER) 	Patricia Clarkson, “Sharp Objects”	Penelope Cruz, “Assassination of Gianni Versace”	Emma Stone, “Maniac”
Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Television Movie or Miniseries:	Antonio Banderas, “Genius: Picasso”	Darren Criss, “Assassination of Gianni Versace” (WINNER)	Hugh Grant, “A Very English Scandal”	Anthony Hopkins, “King Lear”	Bill Pullman, “The Sinner”
Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture:	“A Star Is Born”	“Black Panther” (WINNER) 	“BlacKkKlansman”	“Bohemian Rhapsody”	“Crazy Rich Asians”
Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role:	Amy Adams, “Vice”	Emily Blunt, “A Quiet Place” (WINNER) 	Margot Robbie, “Mary Queen of Scots”	Emma Stone, “The Favourite”	Rachel Weisz, “The Favourite”
Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role:	Mahershala Ali, “Green Book” (WINNER) 	Timothee Chalamet, “Beautiful Boy”	Adam Driver, “BlacKkKlansman”	Sam Elliott, “A Star Is Born”	Richard E. Grant, “Can You Ever Forgive Me?”
Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Leading Role:	Emily Blunt, “Mary Poppins Returns”	Glenn Close, “The Wife” (WINNER)	Olivia Colman, “The Favourite”	Lady Gaga, “A Star Is Born”	Melissa McCarthy, “Can You Ever Forgive Me?”
#sagawards	and the nominees and the winners are		Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Leading Role:	Christian Bale, “Vice”	Bradley Cooper, “A Star Is Born”	Rami Malek, “Bohemian Rhapsody” (WINNER)	Viggo Mortensen, “Green Book”	John David Washington, “BlacKkKlansman”
#sagawards	https://t.co/QdwT9yYaXp
https://t.co/N7m4p337BG
in immuno-oncology approaches, according to Schmeltz, "rather than disproportionately going inone direction or the other."
investing in a balanced way across different anticancer approaches.		Today, that means using roughly half of Pfizer's resources to invest in categories like small-molecule, targeted, and precision therapies, or drugs that target specific cancer-linked molecules, and roughly half
Other companies working in oncology — and there are a growing number — have become leaders in immuno-oncology, which uses the body's immune system to fight cancer, or focus on blood cancers.		But part of what Schmeltz calls "the right recipe" means doing the opposite, or
carcinoma (Sutent, Inlyta, and Inlyta plus Bavencio), lung cancer (Xalkori, Lorbrena, and Vizimpro) and hematology, Schmeltz said, plus targeted immunotherapy approaches with avelumab.
had its first major data presentation just three years before its US approval in 2015, Pfizer says. Today, it says, about 73% of people with advanced breast cancer are eligible for Ibrance or a medication like it.		The drug giant also has ambitions in treatments for renal cell
cancer, through its drug Xtandi.		Andy Schmeltz, a 16-year Pfizer veteran who came up through the commercial side of the company and started as global president of Pfizer Oncology a year ago, pointed to Ibrance as an example of how quickly Pfizer can move.		The breast-cancer drug
last month. But "when we see the science moving in a particular direction, we can really move quickly."		A 'recipe' for cancer investments		Pfizer is currently focused on two types of cancer: breast cancer, through drugs including its flagship medication Ibrance, and prostate
Advil, ChapStick and Emergen-C.		The company "gets the rap, historically, of being large and slow and, to be honest with you, if you go back not too many years, had a reputation for questionable R&amp;D[research and development] productivity," Schmeltz told Business Insider
behemoth is on a mission to change that, though, with oncology set to play a key role. As part of its focus on producing more cutting-edge medicines, Pfizer recently announced a spin-off of its consumer-health business with GlaxoSmithKline that will include popular brands like
ranks as one of the biggest US drugmakers, with a nearly $250 billion market cap and up to $55.5 billion in expected 2018 revenue. Pfizer is perhaps best known for the erectile-dysfunction medication Viagra and the high-cholesterol treatment Lipitor.		The 170-year-old drug
One stereotype in the healthcare industry goes something like this: Small, adaptable biotech companies come up with innovative new drugs, and then large, slow-moving pharmaceutical companies sweep in and buy them.		The perception has held particularly strong for Pfizer, which
https://t.co/07SV3rf51J
News. If the deal goes through, Bristol-Myers Squibb and Celgene will go from the 13th- and 21st-biggest biopharma companies by revenue to the seventh-largest, according to an Informa Pharma Intelligence analysis.
whether they can pull it off, especially because some of their key treatments are facing new competition.	Including debt, the deal is the largest ever in pharma, topping even Pfizer's 1999 acquisition of Warner-Lambert and last year's Takeda-Shire deal, according to Bloomberg
The two companies are both major players in the industry and have similar strategies. Bristol-Myers Squibb and Celgene have each sought to carve out disease areas that they can dominate with treatment options and make a profit from. But they are also facing questions about
Bristol-Myers Squibb's $74 billion acquisition of the biotech Celgene is the biggest deal not just of 2019, but ever in the pharmaceutical sector. But investors are asking whether the unexpected combination will help the two companies confront the big challenges they're facing.
https://t.co/8MyyXNoSpY
https://t.co/pHBcCPfiKh
risk of getting it.		Drugs like tamoxifen start off being studied in advanced cancer and are then "marched dutifully" into early-stage cancers, Bradner said.
who's going to be off your plan, benefiting at age 55," Bradner said.	Novartis's approach represents a major change from the rest of the industry.		Take the drug tamoxifen, for example, which treats breast cancer but is also used in women who don't have the cancer but have a high
not be as important once someone has cancer, he said.	But getting health insurers to pay for these types of oncology drugs could be a challenge, he said.		"It's hard to imagine, as a payer, how [one] might get excited about supporting access to a medicine for a patient at age 20
Bradner knows what he's talking about. Before he joined Novartis in 2016, he was a cancer doctor and star Harvard researcher.		Novartis is following this approach, Bradner said, by developing drugs that target pathways that lead to cancer. Those same pathways, by contrast, might
we make if prevention was the purpose of the drug-discovery process?" Bradner asked. "You might target very different mechanisms."
as cancer therapies.	During an interview at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, this week, Bradner said that Novartis is taking a "forward-thinking," preventative approach in developing cancer drugs — but most rival drugmakers aren't.		"What type of medicines would
Jay Bradner heads Novartis's drug research and discovery as president of the Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research. Novartis has a market value of about $225 billion and currently makes drugs such as the heart-failure drug Entresto and the skin treatment Cosentyx, as well
https://t.co/1tKj7FJbbT
Barrowman added that the Dell-EMC deal was "the best thing ever," and an example of an acquisition that worked for all sides.
Barrowman made it clear that despite any organizational changes that might occur from the deal, it should remain business as usual for the Swiss bank's relationship with the software company, a request Dell obliged.
same after purchasing wireless-networking startup Meraki in 2012.		Barrowman said Dell's $67 billion dealfor EMC in 2015 is another example of a deal she initially had some concerns about. Credit Suisse was a client of EMC at the time.
Some tech giants recognize they need to allow companies they buy to continue doing what worked so well for them in the past. Microsoft acquired LinkedIn in 2016 and GitHub in 2018, but chose to allow both to operate as independent subsidiaries with their own CEOs. Cisco did the
$34 billion acquisition by IBM, in what is the biggest software deal ever. When IBM announced the deal, it said Red Hat would join IBM's Hybrid Cloud team as a distinct unit, and it committed to allowing Red Hat to continue to contribute to open source development.
always concern around whether the smaller firm will be able to maintain some level of independence, Laura Barrowman, chief technology officer at Credit Suisse, told Business Insider on Tuesday at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland.		One recent example is Red Hat's
big technology companies to help power their information-technology systems. As a result, banking executives are always nervous about the implications of mergers and acquisitions on their businesses.		For example, when a large technology company makes an acquisition, there is
The technology industry has loads of examples of mergers that fell flat, from Microsoft's acquisition of Nokia's phone business to Google's buyout and sale two years later of Motorola Mobility.		The impact of a failed deal can reach Wall Street, where firms increasingly rely on
https://t.co/xSP6D3X6it
but Allianz described this as "alarmingly high", and up around 20 percentage points over five years.
China's household debt-to-GDP ratio is indeed low, but that's changing rapidly. According to a report by German insurer Allianz, China's household debt ratio stands at 49.1%. This is low compared to Western economies, with the US at 82%,
Facebook or Google.	Zhang pointed to Chinese consumers' low debt burden.		"If you look at household debt for Chinese families compared to the US, it's very low. And Chinese people are used to a higher saving rate. The market is there," he said.
local firms haven't had to look for success beyond their own country.	Chinese firms are aided by the country's protectionism, which makes it difficult for foreign firms to set up shop without a local partner. And China's internet is blocked off for outside players such as
in the world, and Alibaba, seventh most valuable company in the world, have appeared seemingly out of nowhere by racking up hundreds of millions of consumers in their own country. The emerging middle class of consumers who have money to burn in China is so big that many giant
Excerpt:	Speaking at the World Economic Forum, Alibaba CEO Daniel Zhang said the trade war wouldn't detract from the fact foreign companies would always want to access China's market of one billion consumers.	..	Chinese tech giants such as Tencent, the sixth most valuable company
https://t.co/6QDEwGDqro
we have ever had for the last 25 years," Odier told Business Insider at the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting in Davos, Switzerland.	Money managers have $23 trillion earmarked with an ESG mandate, Morgan Stanley research showed last year.
with over 274 billion Swiss francs ($275 billion) in assets under management, sees sustainability trends as having a long shelf life.		"If we do interpret those trends correctly, we believe that we have one of the most interesting performance opportunities for our clients than
nearly double the number launched in the prior 10 years, according to data compiled by BlackRock.		Patrick Odier firmly disagrees that sustainable investing is just a fad, as some critics have said. In fact, the chairman of Lombard Odier, a Swiss private bank founded in 1796
It's hard not to notice the explosion of sustainable investing on Wall Street.		Companies and investors are jostling to find a place for environmental, social, and governance principles, or ESG. Up to 40 exchange-traded funds dedicated to ESG were launched during 2016 and 2017,
https://t.co/G24lkitw3Q
Lee said. "When that spreads, the kind of hyperscale computing infrastructure that Microsoft and a small number of other companies have will really be crucial to making that work."
So for now, only a small number of people are getting their whole genomes sequenced. But that's going to start growing as we decode more useful information from our genes. And there'll be a need for companies like Microsoft to store that data.		"We know that's going to spread,"
interpret just yet. Most genetics tests out there that tell you information about your traits or ancestry are mainly focused on gathering up single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs for short) that are specific mutations that have been linked to particular traits or conditions.
ultimately didn't work.	..	A lot of health data already takes up a lot of storage space. For instance, to store just one human genome, it requires up to 200 gigabytes.		Your entire genome is filled with a whole lot of information, including a lot we're not entirely sure how to
Tech companies like Microsoft have historically had trouble cracking into the healthcare business.		For instance, Google built Google Health, a personal health information service, but the project was shut down in 2011. Microsoft built its version called HealthVault, but it also
https://t.co/c1J6UwdmsV
https://t.co/M4QuCEpNo1
https://t.co/BH3b1GG3F5
And the GSMA, a trade body for mobile network operators, anticipates IoT revenue to increase 313% by 2025, to $1.1 trillion.
"Every industry, every vertical, and nearly every aspect of humanity will be impacted. 5G is being considered a 'general purpose technology' or 'GPT' like the wheel, steam power, electricity, the computer, and the Internet," analysts at Cowen wrote in September.
5G is the fifth — and next — generation of wireless technology. It's expected to deliver faster speed than the current 4G LTE standard, and allow for "internet of things" deployments.
Ekudden said less than 60% of the world's population has mobile broadband today. In five years, that figure will hit about 92%. In the US alone, 55% of the population will have mobile 5G subscriptions, from zero today.
"Governments aren't as prepared as we had hoped," Ericsson CTO Erik Ekudden said on Tuesday, speaking to Business Insider at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland.
https://t.co/yn5mdG7sfz
corporate ecosystem and challenging the way things have worked for a long time.	"One of the things you're seeing is the disaggregation of supply chains," Haefele said. "That will require new investment in Asian countries like Vietnam as China changes its supply chains."
This is no more apparent than in the semiconductor space, where China is making real inroads towards establishing its own standalone industry.And while this foray into chipmaking is still in its early stages, it's the sort of development that will start disrupting a long-standing
As people get distracted by the latest shiny tariff figures, they're ignoring what's truly at stake and how we got to this point.	But as many in the US reduce the trade war to a back-and-forth tariff battle, China is hard at work trying to build its own tech infrastructure.
that capability unacceptable and is looking to close that gap."	He continued, "This is a new adjustment being made by markets, and there's going to be more volatility as we adjust to it."	Haefele said this is the underlying subtext to the trade war that often goes overlooked.
"There are still a lot of open questions about how the US wants to deal with the wasting asset that is its technology superiority around chips and other parts of the technology supply chain," Haefele told Business Insider in an exclusive interview at Davos. "Clearly, China finds
supply chain.		To Haefele — the global chief investment officer at UBS Wealth Management, where he oversees policy and strategy for $2 trillion in assets — it's the wide-reaching significance of that fight for tech dominance that informs many of his investing decisions.
He's more worried about the bigger picture.		In Haefele's mind, that means the technological arms race that spurred the entire trade conflict in the first place. Both the US and China want to assert their superiority when it comes not just to end products, but also the entire
an exclusive interview how his firm is preparing for the wider implications of the global trade war.		DAVOS, Switzerland — When Mark Haefele thinks about the ongoing trade war between the US and China, he's not necessarily focused on the tit-for-tat tariffs that have been levied.
Excerpt:	Mark Haefele, global chief investment officer at UBS.	As the US-China trade war rages on, Mark Haefele of UBS says many people are focused on the wrong thing.	Haefele — the global chief investment officer at $2 trillion UBS Wealth Management — told Business Insider in
https://t.co/WC7Zmii2vz
https://t.co/IdIqlsciTb
This makes Xi Jinping the most dangerous opponent of those who believe in the concept of open society."
but they pose a mortal threat."	He continued: "China isn't the only authoritarian regime in the world, but it's undoubtedly the wealthiest, strongest and most developed in machine learning and artificial intelligence.
Excerpt:	"My key point is that the combination of repressive regimes with IT monopolies endows those regimes with a built-in advantage over open societies," Soros said. 		"The instruments of control are useful tools in the hands of authoritarian regimes,
https://t.co/dU2yxNdryj
RT @dennybritz: “The way how Deepmind beat the human pros was in direct contradiction to what their mission statement was and what they rep…
Put simply, Dalio thinks the emerging nation will be just fine in the long term, largely because its monetary policy is denominated in Chinese yuan.
a populism, and an antagonism."		Going beyond what conditions will surround the next major US economic downturn, Dalio is acutely focused on China and how it will deal with the end of its own cycle.
Excerpt:	"There are a lot of parallels between now and the late 1930s. From 1929 to 1932 we had a debt crisis — interest rates hit zero. Then there was a lot of printing of money, and purchases of financial assets brought their prices higher. That also creates a polarity,
https://t.co/T3Pwql7tON
have reportedly been investigating the Chinese company since 2016 for allegedly shipping products from the US to Iran — which would be a violation of US trading laws and sanctions.
company's ties to the Chinese government. Some have floated the theory that Huawei's phones and electronics are used to spy on US government officials. Huawei has consistently denied these allegations.		US concerns over Huawei go beyond cybersecurity, however. Federal officials
The company hasn't yet found another carrier wanting to partner, which may be in part because of pressure from US officials who distrust Chinese companies. This has limited Huawei's footprint in America.		US lawmakers have long seen Huawei as a security threat, thanks to the
Huawei smartphones are wildly popular around the world, and they often beat out iPhone sales because they're cheap and powerful.	The company has tried to expand into the US market, but a possible distribution deal with AT&amp;T fell through in January.
Huawei's headquarters is located in Shenzhen, China. While the company has an estimated 180,000 employees worldwide, it has 60,000 employees at its main campus alone.
Huawei was founded by Ren Zhengfei in 1987, and he still serves as an executive in the company. Before Huawei, Ren worked as an engineer for China's military, the People's Liberation Army.		Ren is known internally as a philosopher entrepreneur, fond of proverbs and symbolism.
The company raked in almost $93 billion in sales last year, which puts it about on par with Microsoft. Huawei is the largest maker of telecommunications equipment in the world and the world's second-largest smartphone manufacturer behind Samsung.
Huawei is a massive tech company producing telecommunications services, enterprise tech, and consumer devices, like smartphones. The company sells its products in more than 70 countries.
their half-sister Annabel Yao is a social media-loving socialite who loves ballet and recently appeared at a high-fashion debutante ball in Paris.
successful tech firm and is bigger in smartphones than Apple.	While Meng and her brother Meng Ping work at Huawei and keep their heads down,
Huawei's CFO Meng Wanzhou was arrested on December 1 in Canada over fears the company violated US sanctions against Iran.		Meng is the daughter of Huawei's ultra-wealthy CEO and founder, Ren Zhengfei.		Ren and his three children are Chinese royalty, given Huawei is China's most
https://t.co/vnhEaulhYR
the US," Bloomberg reported Ren as saying.		Ren stepped back from day-to-day operations at Huawei in 2011, and the company is now run by executives who change roles every few months. His daughter replaced him as vice chairman in March.
of Huawei. But Reuters uncovered in documents earlier in January showing that Huawei was closely linked to both firms.	..		"Huawei is only a sesame seed in the trade conflict between China and
Meng centers on two companies operating in Iran: the equipment seller Skycom and the shell company Canicula Holdings. Authorities claim that Meng tricked banks into clearing transactions with these two firms in violation of US sanctions on Iran by claiming they were independent
country in the world," he said.		According to The Wall Street Journal, he added: "I personally would never harm the interest of my customers and me and my company would not answer to such requests."		He said justice would prevail in the case of his daughter.		The case against
Shenzhen on Tuesday where he denied suggestions that Huawei spied on behalf of the Chinese government. It was his first time speaking with the international media since 2015.		"I still love my country, I support the Communist Party, but I will never do anything to harm any
she is being detained in Canada at the request of the US. Authorities have accused Huawei of violating US sanctions by doing business with Iran, a charge Meng has denied.		Ren, despite his prominent position, is fairly reclusive. He held a press conference with reporters in
Ren Zhengfei, the press-shy founder of the Chinese electronics giant Huawei, broke years of public silence on Tuesday, telling reporters that he missed his daughter Meng Wanzhou "very much" and denying any wrongdoing by his company.	Meng is Huawei's chief financial officer, and
https://t.co/JNiQTHeV4h
daughter. He also tried to assuage national security fears, and called Donald Trump a "great president."
beneficiaries of the technology.	Huawei's executives have spoken out more forcefully since the arrest of their CFO, Meng Wanzhou, who happens to be the daughter of CEO Ren Zhengfei. Ren recently broke years of public silence to speak to reporters to address the arrest of his
benefits," Hu said. He claimed that 5G could enable people to watch a football game from the perspective of the players, or enable a smartphone to download an HD movie in just seconds. He also listed smart manufacturing, autonomous driving, and remote surgery as possible
Excerpt:	He said Huawei has deployed 5G in more than 10 countries, and expects to deploy it in another 20 over the next 12 months. He added that Huawei will be bringing out its 5G smartphone in June of this year.	"5G is ready, 5G is coming, and 5G will bring every one of us great
https://t.co/1uKEhZ0lX4
https://t.co/7dZFuaZotC
https://t.co/54e1D8sEz3
RT @SandraDirkson: GET A BUSINESS PLAN!  #BusinessIntelligence #Entrepreneurship #Money #businessowner #Moneymaking https://t.co/fmBmFUb0r2
https://t.co/BKxKnjRIC2
https://t.co/N9ZwrqjGSo
https://t.co/4V2eTwBsFD
https://t.co/0GAw9PTADg
https://t.co/VG1fFYXhGT
RT @theworldindex: Lobbying expenditure of selected U.S. tech companies, 2018		Google: $21.2m	Amazon: $14.2m	Facebook: $12.6m	Microsoft: $9…
RT @theworldindex: - Number of billionaires worldwide:		2018: 2,208	2008: 1,125		- 2018: World's 26 Wealthiest Own As Much As Poorest 50%…
RT @theworldindex: Year that company was founded:		🇰🇷 Hyundai: 1967	🇯🇵 Honda: 1948	🇮🇳 Tata Motors: 1945	🇰🇷 KIA: 1944	🇩🇪 Volkswagen: 1937	🇯🇵…
RT @kdnuggets: What were the most significant machine learning/AI advances in 2018? https://t.co/SGs3N0MZj9 https://t.co/PG5EXdwy3G
RT @zackwhittaker: Zuckerberg wants to redefine “transparency, choice and control” — let's not give him consent. A critical reading of Zuck…
RT @brianacton: Tim Cook is my hero. https://t.co/n3cGJZb4vy
RT @brianacton: https://t.co/nztmxPJK2K
RT @brianacton: Announcing the Signal Foundation:	https://t.co/szLvFFl0xc
Signal is Free and Open Source, enabling anyone to verify its security by auditing the code.  Signal is the only private messenger that uses open source peer-reviewed cryptographic protocols to keep your messages and calls safe.
https://t.co/uUaMbIBfuQ
Acton said his goal was to build “the most trusted communications experience on the planet.”
of the Facebook deal, according to the people.	Acton donated $50 million of his money to Signal, a rival messaging app that is geared toward security and privacy. In a recent blog post announcing his donation and role as the executive chairman of the nonprofit Signal Foundation,
Ultimately, Koum was worn down by the differences in approach, the people said. Other WhatsApp employees are demoralized and plan to leave in November, four years and a month after the Facebook acquisition, when they are allowed to exercise all their stock options under the terms
feature that scrambles people’s messages so that outsiders, including WhatsApp’s owners, can’t read them. Facebook executives wanted to make it easier for businesses to use its tools, and WhatsApp executives believed that doing so would require some weakening of its encryption.
profile and send messages to their customers on WhatsApp. The founders also clashed with Facebook over building a mobile payments system on WhatsApp in India. 	Another point of disagreement was over WhatsApp’s encryption. In 2016, WhatsApp added end-to-end encryption, a security
the 99-cent annual charge, and Koum and Acton continued to oppose the advertising model. The service still has no ads, but WhatsApp has embarked on experiments to make money: In January, Facebook rolled out a tool, called WhatsApp Business, to allow businesses to create a
target with ads.	Last year, the European Commission, the European Union’s regulatory authority, fined Facebook $122 million for making “misleading” statements when the E.U. approved the WhatsApp takeover.		Conflicts soon arose over how WhatsApp would make money. Facebook scrapped
contacts become their Facebook friends and making it possible for Facebook to collect more data about those relationships. The changes also allowed advertisers to feed lists of phone numbers into Facebook’s advertising system, known as Custom Audience, and find new people to .
a user profile that was unified across Facebook’s multiple platforms, which also include Instagram and Facebook Messenger, and that could be used for ad-targeting or for Facebook’s data-mining.	Acton and Koum acquiesced, enabling Facebook to recommend that users’ WhatsApp
WhatsApp users, along with analytics such as what devices and operating systems people were using.	WhatsApp executives were comfortable sharing some data with Facebook to measure who was using the service, according to the people. But they opposed using WhatsApp’s data to create
acquisition. “And you can still count on absolutely no ads interrupting your communication.”		Eighteen months later, the promise not to share data evaporated. Facebook pushed WhatsApp to change its terms of service to give the social network access to the phone numbers of
assured them that WhatsApp could remain an independent service and would not share its data with Facebook.	How and if WhatsApp would make money was left an open question. “WhatsApp will remain autonomous and operate independently,” the founders wrote in a blog post announcing the
The WhatsApp co-founders were also big believers in privacy. They took pains to collect as little data as possible from their users, requiring only phone numbers and putting them at odds with data-hungry Facebook. At the time of the acquisition, Koum and Acton said Facebook had
excited to see more advertising; no one goes to sleep thinking about the ads they’ll see tomorrow.” They described online advertising as “a disruption to aesthetics, an insult to your intelligence, and the interruption of your train of thought.”
Facebook was making billions of dollars by selling advertisers access to its users, on whom it had collected large amounts of information.	Koum and Acton were openly disparaging of the targeted advertising model. In a WhatsApp blog post in 2012, they wrote that “no one wakes up
After a dinner at Zuckerberg’s house, Zuckerberg made an offer for WhatsApp that turned Acton and Koum into instant billionaires.	But even in the early days, there were signs of a mismatch. WhatsApp had less than $20 million in revenue at the time of the acquisition.
Koum and Acton, former co-workers at Yahoo, founded WhatsApp in 2009. It promised private communications for 99 cents a year. By 2014, the tiny company had almost 500 million users. It caught the attention of Zuckerberg, who was looking to expand the social network overseas.
monthly users, is the largest messaging service in the world. It is most popular in countries such as India, Egypt and Brazil, as well as in Europe, where it is used for phone calls and text messaging with friends and businesses, as well as news distribution and group chats.
Though the Cambridge Analytica revelations contributed to a climate of broader frustration with Facebook among WhatsApp employees, Koum made his decision to leave before the scandal, the people said.	WhatsApp, with 1.5 billion
social media campaign that has gained force in the wake of the controversy over data privacy sparked by Cambridge Analytica, a political marketing firm tied to the Trump campaign that had inappropriately obtained the private information of 87 million Facebook users.
its board. Only two other Facebook executives, Zuckerberg and Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg, are members of the board.	Acton left the company in November. He has joined a chorus of former executives critical of Facebook. Acton recently endorsed a #DeleteFacebook
Koum’s exit is highly unusual at Facebook. The inner circle of management, as well as the board of directors, has been fiercely loyal during the scandals that have rocked the social media giant. In addition, Koum is the sole founder of a company acquired by Facebook to serve on
crediting Koum with teaching him “about encryption and its ability to take power from centralized systems and put it back in people’s hands. Those values will always be at the heart of WhatsApp.”
The clash over data took on additional significance in the wake of revelations in March that Facebook had allowed third parties to mishandle its users’ personal information. Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg replied to Koum’s post by
The independence and protection of its users’ data is a core tenet of WhatsApp that Koum and his co-founder, Brian Acton, promised to preserve when they sold their tiny start-up to Facebook. It doubled down on its pledge by adding encryption in 2016.
The Washington Post reported his plans to depart. He has been informing senior executives at Facebook and WhatsApp of his decision, and in recent months has been showing up less frequently to WhatsApp’s offices on Facebook’s campus in Silicon Valley, according to the people.
familiar with internal discussions.	Koum, who sold WhatsApp to Facebookfor more than $19 billion in 2014, also plans to step down from Facebook’s board of directors, according to these people. 	It “is time for me to move on,” Koum wrote in a Facebook post after
Excerpt:	The billionaire chief executive of WhatsApp, Jan Koum, is planning to leave the company after clashing with its parent, Facebook, over the popular messaging service’s strategy and Facebook’s attempts to use its personal data and weaken its encryption, according to people
https://t.co/GFzpNTx4Wp
https://t.co/dn0Xtfk6fc
https://t.co/1fPGusFc9G
https://t.co/Xj3T6aYBSB
For example, some WhatsApp users have deliberately avoided other Facebook apps or creating a Facebook account, and Facebook says it's still hammering out how exactly the overall integration will work.
ever leaves a job because everything is awesome." The integration of platforms also raises questions over data privacy, an issue with which Facebook has long grappled.
Employees at WhatsApp and Instagram balked as their apps lost their once promised autonomy under their parent company. When WhatsApp's Koum left Facebook, he hinted at clashes with executives over user security and privacy. Systrom once acknowledged in an interview that "no one
Excerpt:	The planned integration was reportedly a major impetus for top Facebook executives to leave the company: 	WhatsApp's founders, Jan Koum and Brian Acton, in May; and 	Instagram's founders, Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger, in September.
https://t.co/YxmhVQ4Mqi
Russian Federation, Britain and its allies will get them and we will bring them to prosecution," the home secretary said on Saturday, claiming the GRU was "getting its instruction directly from the highest level of the Russian government".
has died. Russia has responded with contempt."		Sajid Javid has vowed that Britain and its allies will catch the pair if they ever leave Russia again using European Arrest Warrants and Interpol red notices, but admitted the scenario is unlikely.		"If they ever step out of the
deeply offensive to the victims and loved ones of this horrific attack," he added. "Sadly, it is what we have come to expect. An illegal chemical weapon has been used on the streets of this country.		"We have seen four people left seriously ill in hospital and an innocent woman
nerve agent on Mr Skripal's front door and later poisoned Charlie Rowley and killed his partner Dawn Sturgess.		A Downing Street spokesman dismissed the interview as "lies and blatant fabrications", which were an "insult to the public's intelligence".		"More importantly, they are
of a specially adapted Nina Ricci perfume bottle UK police say was used to administer the poison.		Ben Wallace told the House of Commons they smuggled the novichok into Gatwick Airport using the counterfeit bottle, which was "recklessly" discarded after being used to smear the
Mr Skripal's house on both days.		The men explained their extensive travel history around Europe, which is now the subject of close scrutiny, by claiming to be businessmen selling sport nutrition supplements.		The pair also denied they were carrying novichok, or were possession
Vladimir Putin publicly called on them to give an interview.		They claimed the suspected aliases were their real names and said they visited Salisbury two days in a row to see its "famous" cathedral - even though CCTV showed them walking in the opposite direction towards
and said they arrived in Britain two days before the poisoning on business visas and genuine Russian passports in the names of Alexander Petrov and Ruslan Boshirov.		Two men claiming to be the suspects appeared on the state-funded RT television network on Thursday after
to the suspects.		"We don't organise interviews with citizens of Russia," Dmitry Peskov said: "There are mechanisms to provide legal assistance...if the British decide to make application, we will respond strictly according to law."		Police released images of the men last week
Tensions with Britain have risen yet again after the government identified the two men accused of launching the Salisbury novichok attack as Russian spies from the GRU military intelligence agency.		On Friday, the Kremlin spokesman suggested that it would not allow British access
Bashar al-Assad's forces.		The Kremlin has used its power of veto at the UN Security Council to block any resolutions against the Syrian government over the atrocities, while the Russian Embassy in London has claimed the OPCW "lacks transparency".
"The BZ samples did not have anything to do with the Salisbury samples," he added in May. "It was solely for checking the quality of the work."		Russia has been seeking to discredit the OPCW's verification of chemical weapons used in Salisbury and Syria, where it is supporting
Ahmet Üzümcü, the former head of the OPCW, later said a precursor chemical of BZ and a blank sample was sent to all designated laboratories alongside real evidence taken from Salisbury to prove their tests were accurate.
which falsely claimed precursor agents for BZ rather than novichok were found in the Skripal samples.		Foreign minister Sergei Lavrov used the claims to turn fire on Britain by accusing it of producing BZ and violating the chemical weapons convention.
The spies, who were allegedly found with espionage equipment that could be used to spy on the laboratory, were sent back to Russia and have not been prosecuted.	Speiz became the centre of conspiracy theories spread by Russian state media earlier this year,
Officials at the Speiz Laboratory said it had also been targeted with cyber attacks, including a fake conference invitation that contained malicious software.
"The Swiss Federal Intelligence Service (FIS) participated actively in this operation together with its Dutch and British partners," she added. "The FIS has thus contributed to the prevention of illegal actions against a critical [part of] Swiss infrastructure."
testing the substances used in Salisbury, Amesbury and in Syria.		A spokesperson for the Swiss Federal Intelligence Service (NDB) told The Independent that authorities "are aware of the case of Russian spies discovered in The Hague and expelled from the same place".
Russia.		Intelligence services suspected they were on their way to the Speiz Laboratory in Switzerland, sources told the Tages-Anzeiger and NRC Handelsblad.		Accredited by the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW), the institution has been charged with
Two Russian spies have been arrested while allegedly on their way to a laboratory that tested novichok samples from Salisbury.		The two suspects, who are not the same pair charged with launching the attack on Sergei Skripal, were detained in The Hague in spring and sent back to
2 Russian spies were reportedly arrested in The Hague on their way to a nerve agent lab https://t.co/T5nbn5lhuT via @businessinsider
It is not clear whether this was part of the same operation as the one detailed by the Dutch on Thursday.
Reuters reported the Dutch defense minister as saying.	Earlier this year two Russian intelligence agents were reportedly arrested while allegedly going to a lab in Switzerland that was testing samples of the nerve agent that poisoned Skripal.
earlier this year. Britain accused two Russian men of carrying out the attack, one of whom has since been identified as a highly-decorated officer of the GRU.	The US Department of Justice is expected to issue indictments of the four suspects later on Thursday,
extinct, obscene policy of some Western states," the source said. "Why should we hack anything? We have access, the entire network is open to us. This is yet another nonsense."		The Kremlin has also vehemently denied being involved in the nerve agent attack against Skripal
cocktail" of allegations by someone with a "rich imagination," Reuters reported.	The state-run Sputnik News agency also quoted an unnamed source from the Russian foreign ministry as saying: "There were no attacks and there can not be any."		"This is related to the common,
MH17 took off from Amsterdam, many of its passengers were Dutch, and the Dutch government has formally accused Russia of involvement.	A "diabolical perfume cocktail" of allegations	A spokeswoman for Russia's Foreign Ministry called the Thursday announcement a "diabolical perfume
airport, the BBC reported.		One of the laptops that was seized was also found to have targeted the investigation into the downing of Malaysian Airlines flight MH17 over eastern Ukraine in 2014, the BBC reported.
The Netherlands then determined that they were agents of the GRU, Russia's military intelligence service, after finding that one of their phones was activated near the GRU building in Moscow, and discovering a receipt for a taxi journey from a street near the GRU to the Moscow
Dutch officials were sure that the men were suspicious because upon being stopped they tried to destroy one of the cellphones they were carrying, the BBC said. They also carried a large amount of cash, and tried to remove litter from their hotel to cover up their tracks.
The antenna was pointed directly at the OPCW, BBC security correspondent Gordon Corera tweeted.	How they were caught	When the equipment was turned on, the OPCW detected a threat, and the four agents were arrested, the BBC reported.
the Russian embassy.	They then hired a car and drove around the OPCW's headquarters in The Hague on April 11 and 12 for a reconnaissance trip.	Equipment stashed in the trunk of their car, including a computer and WiFi panel and antenna, were used to intercept people's logins.
How the hack went down	Here were the suspects' movements, according to the BBC, whose reporters attended the press conference:		On April 10, the suspects traveled from Moscow to Amsterdam with diplomatic passports, were escorted out of Schipol international airport by a member of
They were not immediately prosecuted because the case was considered military- and not police-related.
"put on a flight to Moscow" They failed to penetrate the days after their arrival, Bijleveld said.		They had planned to travel on to a laboratory in Spiez, Switzerland, that was testing samples of the nerve agent that poisoned Skripal, Eichelsheim said.
They failed to penetrate the OPCW's network, Dutch defense minister Ank Bijleveld said on Thursday.		Instead, the men were caught red-handed and attempted to destroy some of the equipment to conceal their actions.		They were briefly detained in the Netherlands in April, and then
The four men used various antennae, laptops, mobile phones, and other equipment to try and breach the OPCW's WiFi network, Eichelsheim said (details of what Dutch officials said are taken from the Reuters news agency, which translated the remarks).
The suspects were identified as tech experts Aleksei Morenets and Evgenii Serebriakov, and support agents Oleg Sotnikov and Alexey Minin, the BBC reported. It isn't clear whether Dutch officials think these are aliases of their real names.
Major General Onno Eichelsheim said the OPCW was at the time investigating the nerve agent poisoning of former Russian spy Sergei Skripal in England, as well as a chemical attack on Douma, Syria.
The suspects traveled to the Netherlands this April to try to launch a cyberattack on Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, which is headquartered in The Hague, the head of Dutch military intelligence said in a press conference.
4 Russian spies got caught in an audacious revenge hack aimed at chemical weapons inspectors, Dutch intelligence says https://t.co/ijrn0sIWcT via @businessinsider
countries, notably the US and UK.		Korobov's predecessors, Igor Sergun, also died unexpectedly in 2016. The Russian government said he suffered a heart attack in Moscow, but investigators at Stratfor said he died on a different day in Lebanon.
The alleged GRU agents who attempted to hack into the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons were also caught red-handed, and ultimately sent back to Russia.		Putin will now have to appoint Korobov's successor as tension continues to rise between him and Western
The suspects gave an interview to Russian state TV claiming to be tourists, but t he investigative website Bellingcat named the two men as Colonel Anatoliy Chepiga and Dr Alexander Yevgenyevich Mishkin.
One British woman who unwittingly handled the substance on a separate occasion died.		Britain in September accused two Russian men of being behind the poisoning, and Prime Minister Theresa May said that they were officers of the GRU.
Agents were also accused of being behind an attempted hack into the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons.		Both missions ultimately failed. Skripal and his daughter Yulia, who was also poisoned, survived the attempted assassination.
Russia's military leaders reportedly called the GRU "deeply incompetent," "infinitely careless," and "morons" after Western investigators accused its agents of being behind the nerve agent poisoning of former Russian spy Sergei Skripal in Salisbury, England.
According to Russia's MBK news site, Putin summoned Korobov to his office in mid-September to scold him, and Korobov fell ill upon returning to his home in an elite residential complex in Moscow. MBK was founded by Mikhail Khodorkovsky, a prominent Kremlin critic.
Head of Russia's GRU spy agency dies from 'serious illness' after Putin reportedly berated him for botching an assassination in the UK https://t.co/R6NPrg40C3 via @businessinsider
confront Putin over the charges.		Originally stating that he didn't "see any reason why" Russia would be responsible for the election meddling, Trump corrected himself a day later, adding he has "full faith" in US intelligence.
time Mueller's office directly pointed a finger at the Russian government for interfering in the election.		Announced three days before Trump met with Putin in Helsinki, the indictments were a main point of contention between the press, lawmakers, and Trump, who did not directly
In early 2017, US intelligence identified the hacking of the DNC and the spreading of emails intended to hurt Democrats and the party's 2016 presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton, as the main pillar of Russia's election interference campaign.		These charges represented the first
All 12 indicted are members of the GRU, Russia's military intelligence unit. The accusations against them include conspiring to interfere with the election by hacking computers, stealing documents, and releasing those documents with intent to interfere.
He was also accused of misleading federal investigators about his communications with Gates.		On July 13, Rosenstein announced the indictment of 12 Russian intelligence officers for the hacking of the Democratic National Committee before the 2016 US presidential election.
Van der Zwaan was charged with "willfully and knowingly" making "false, fictitious, and fraudulent statements and representations" to federal investigators about his work for the law firm Skadden, Arps, Meagher, &amp; Flom LLP and Affiliates in 2012.
of German Khan, the Ukrainian-Russian billionaire who controls Russia's Alfa Bank.		The institution attracted scrutiny last year, when a dossier published by former British spy Christopher Steele alleged that Alfa Bank had played a role in meddling in the 2016 US election.
intentionally avoided learning about the use of stolen identities."		Alex van der Zwaan pleaded guilty on February 20 to one count of making false statements to federal investigators.		Van der Zwaan represents the interests of numerous Russian oligarchs. He is also the son-in-law
on the internet using fraudulent identities and then sold those account numbers to Auction Essistance customers, the statement of offense said.		It added that although Pinedo was not directly involved in registering the accounts while using fake identities, "he willfully and
services meant to get around the security requirements set by online payment companies like eBay, PayPal, and Amazon. Auction Essistance was shut down in December.		To help customers circumvent the security protocols set up by online payment websites, Pinedo created bank accounts
interfering in the 2016 US election by mounting an elaborate and multi-faceted social media influence operation meant to sow political discord during and after the race.		According to the statement of offense, Pinedo ran a company called "Auction Essistance," which offered
California resident Richard Pinedo pleaded guilty to one count of identity fraud on February 12, according to court documents.		The plea deal's release came immediately after Mueller's office announced charges against 13 Russian nationals and three Russian entities accused of
They are: Mikhail Bystrov, Mikhail Burchik, Aleksandra Krylova, Sergey Polozov, Anna Bogacheva, Maria Bovda, Robert Bovda, Dzheykhun Aslanov, Vadim Podkopaev, Gleb Vasilchenko, Irina Kaverzina, and Vladimir Venkov.
the IRA, was charged along with two of his businesses.		The defendants included 12 other Russian citizens, all of whom were identified as former IRA employees who played a role in Russian influence operations before, during, and after the 2016 election.
sowing political discord during the 2016 US election by using internet bots to spread fake news and pro-Trump propaganda on Facebook, Twitter, and other social media platforms.		Yevgeny Prigozhin, a prominent businessman and associate of President Vladimir Putin who helped fund
'information warfare against the United States' with the stated goal of spreading distrust towards the candidates and the political system in general," Rosenstein said.		The charges focused on the Internet Research Agency (IRA), a notorious Russian "troll factory" that focused on
On February 16, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein announced the indictments of 13 Russian citizens and three companies allegedly involved in meddling in the US political system.		"The defendants allegedly conducted what they called
issue," Sean Spicer, who was then the White House press secretary, said at the time.		Flynn had been on the job for just 25 days.
his request."		Trump fired Flynn in February 2016, citing an "evolving and eroding level of trust" after the former national security adviser lied to Vice President Mike Pence about his interactions with Kislyak.		The firing was "not based on a legal issue, but based on a trust
"to refrain from escalating the situation in response to sanctions that the United States had imposed against Russia that same day," and that Flynn did not recall Kislyak "subsequently telling him that Russia had chosen to moderate its response to those sanctions as a result of
On December 1, 2017, he pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about his conversations last December with Russia's ambassador to the US at the time, Sergey Kislyak.		An indictment filed by Mueller's office said Flynn "falsely stated" on December 29, 2016 that he did not ask Kislyak
that Papadopoulos be sentenced to as many as six months in prison.		Michael Flynn, Trump's former national security adviser	Flynn, who has reportedly been at the center of Mueller's investigation for months, is perhaps the most high-profile person to be indicted to date.
Trump has described Papadopoulos as a low-level volunteer.	"Few people knew the young, low level volunteer named George, who has already proven to be a liar," Trump tweeted following news of the guilty plea. "Check the DEMS!"	Special counsel Robert Mueller previously recommended
London-based professor named Joseph Mifsud and a female Russian national as conduits. He was arrested October 5, 2017, and subsequently cooperated with Mueller's team. Papadopoulos is currently serving a 14-day prison sentence for lying to the FBI.
the Trump campaign.		According to documents that were unsealed by the Mueller investigation, Papadopoulos had made at least six attempts to set up a meeting between the Trump campaign and Russian representatives throughout the course of the 2016 presidential campaign, using a
to lying to the FBI about his contacts with Russia.		After delivering seven hours of testimony to the House Judiciary and Oversight committees in October, Papadopoulos sought immunity before testifying to the Senate about Russian meddling and possible collusion with
Defense attorneys sought to paint Gates as the mastermind of his and Manafort's tax and bank fraud.	On the same day Mueller's office announced the indictments of Manafort and Gates, it was revealed that George Papadopoulos, a 30-year-old former Trump adviser, had pleaded guilty
the Mueller probe. He testified against Manafort as the prosecution's star witness in its case in Virginia.		Gates confessed to committing crimes with Manafort, and also stealing millions of dollars from his longtime business partner to finance an extramarital affair.
working under Tom Barrack, who has remained one of Trump's most trusted advisers.		Gates opted to take a plea deal in late February, pleading guilty to one charge of lying to investigators and one charge of conspiracy in exchange for becoming a cooperating witness in
As Mueller's probe intensified in the early months of the Trump administration, Gates left the nonprofit altogether.		But as recently as June 2017, The Daily Beast reported that Gates was still visiting the White House and
campaign officials.		After Manafort was ousted as Trump's campaign chief in August 2016, Gates continued working on behalf of the soon-to-be president, helping fundraise $25 million for the pro-Trump nonprofit America First Policies and working on Trump's inaugural committee.
making false statements, and failing to file reports of foreign bank and financial accounts. He at first pleaded not guilty on all counts.		Gates joined Trump election efforts in the spring of 2016, working as Manafort's deputy. He traveled with Trump and grew close with many top
the US Attorney's office for the District of Columbia, and the terms of his guilty plea require him to cooperate in the special counsel investigation.	In October 2017, Gates was indicted along with Manafort on 12 counts, including conspiracy against the US,
Patten is linked both to Manafort and Kilminik, as well as the opposition research firm Cambridge Analytica.	While Patten technically plead guilty in federal court in the District of Columbia and was not charged by the Mueller probe, Mueller referred the charges to
Ukrainian oligarchs illegally spend $50,000 in tickets to Trump's January 2017 inauguration, in violation of federal laws that ban inauguration funds from accepting money from foreign entities.
On August 31, Republican lobbyist Sam Patten plead guilty in federal court for failing to register as a foreign agent while he lobbied on behalf of Ukrainian interests in the US.		Patten worked on behalf of several a pro-Russia Ukrainian political party, including helping
The special counsel has said Kilimnik has strong ties from past work with Russian intelligence and was in contact with top figures in Trump's 2016 campaign.
Mueller reportedly began further investigation into Kilimnik in November with the help of three of his associates, including Manafort, to examine their political consultancy and lobbying work that connected them with prominent Russian oligarchs.
Mueller charged Manafort's "right-hand man" Konstantin Kilimnik in June with witness tampering in a superseding indictment that charges the Russian citizen and Manafort with conspiracy to obstruct justice and obstruction of justice.
Trump's former campaign chairman is accused of committing crimes while working as an unregistered lobbyist in the US for the Ukrainian government and pro-Russia interests beginning in 2006.
on 12 counts, including conspiracy against the US and money laundering.	Manafort was forced to step down as Trump's campaign chairman in May 2016 after coming under fire for his connections to Russian oligarchs and his past lobbying efforts abroad.
cooperation, Manafort had lied to the FBI and the special counsel on "a variety of subject matters," which could land him in even more legal jeopardy.		He surrendered to federal authorities on October 30, 2017, after he was indicted, along with his business associate Rick Gates,
to register as a foreign agent.	Manafort previously faced a total of 18 counts, but the 10 remaining were dismissed during the plea hearing after a judge declared mistrial in a Virginia trial.	On Nov. 26, however, Mueller's office said in a court filing that in the course of his
obstruct justice and one count of conspiracy against the US.	He also entered into a deal that included an agreement to cooperate with Mueller's investigation instead of going to trial in the District of Columbia on a separate indictment of counts of money laundering and failing
one count of making an illegal campaign finance contribution — which he said were made "at the direction" of Trump.	Former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort was found guilty on eight federal counts of bank and tax fraud and pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to
In August, Cohen pleaded guilty in the Southern District of New York to five counts of tax evasion, one count of bank fraud, one count of making an unlawful corporate contribution, and
Cohen claimed that person repeatedly suggested a meeting between Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin.	On Nov. 29, Cohen pleaded guilty to making false statements to Congress and reached a new plea deal with the special counsel.
In a separate filing the same day, Mueller wrote that Cohen told prosecutors about previously unknown contact with a Russian national who claimed to be a "trusted person" in the Russian Federation who offered the campaign "political synergy" and "synergy on a government level."
violation for payments to two women who said they had affairs with Trump that prosecutors said showed intention to influence the election.
The Southern District of New York recommended Cohen face 3 1/2 years of prison time and a $100,000 fine.		The filings concluded that Cohen "acted in coordination with and at the direction of Individual-1," an apparent reference to Trump that implicates him in campaign finance
Cohen's is the most substantial sentence to date in Mueller's investigation.		Prosecutors previously recommended "substantial" prison time for Trump's former attorney Cohen, who pleaded guilty to financial crimes, campaign violations, and lying to Congress.
Excerpt:	Trump's former personal lawyer and "right-hand man" Michael Cohen was sentenced to three years in prison on fraud and lying charges, weeks after Mueller released a memorandum that detailed more than 70 hours of cooperating and witness testimony.
Here's everyone who has been charged and convicted in Mueller's Russia probe so far https://t.co/4O1s9p7Ava via @businessinsider
former DC-based federal prosecutor Glenn Kirschner in a Tuesday tweet.		"The result — prosecutors are not able to meet court deadlines for grand jury indictments. When such deadlines are missed, dangerous defendants are released," he added. "Public safety suffers."
But the shutdown is already impacting federal grand jury proceedings around the country — with significant implications for current investigations.	..	"Grand jurors are not getting paid [a $40 daily stipend], so many are not showing up for grand jury service," wrote
CNN's Shimon Prokupecz reported Wednesday that Mueller's DC grand jury is set to continue its proceedings as scheduled, including hearing testimony from Jerome Corsi's step-son on Thursday.
will soon have the potential to strain the operations of federal grand juries. The United States' federal courts, which are tasked with overseeing both grand juries, are scheduled to run out of funds January 31.
All grand jurors receive financial compensation for serving on the jury, but their regular payments may be threatened by the ongoing federal government shutdown.	How government shutdowns affect federal courts and grand juries	The current 32-day long federal government shutdown
with an unknown foreign company challenging a subpoena to provide certain information to the grand jury. After the Supreme Court recently declined to review the case, the mystery company is being fined for every day it does not comply.
Associates of Trump aide Roger Stone including Sam Nunberg, Kristin Davis, Randy Credico, and Jerome Corsi have all appeared, or have been served with a subpoena to appear, before the DC grand jury.	Currently, Mueller's team is fighting a legal battle
While the proceedings of the juries are kept under strict secrecy, previous reporting from CNN and other outlets suggests that the DC grand jury usually meets on Friday mornings, and is called in other days whenever a witness is testifying.
individual grand jurors," he wrote.	What we know about Mueller's grand juries:	There are currently two ongoing grand juries, both impaneled in 2017, assigned to review evidence and testimony in the Mueller probe - one based in Washington, DC and one in Virginia.
Former Justice Lewis Powell wrote that if proceedings were made more public, "witnesses who appeared before the grand jury would be less likely to testify fully and frankly."	"There also would be the risk that those about to be indicted would flee, or would try to influence
"It's very hard to lie when you don't know anything about what the prosecutor knows or what the charges are," he said.	In 1979, the US Supreme Court unanimously upheld the necessity of grand jury secrecy.
proceedings. 	Former federal prosecutor and Harvard law professor Alex Whiting told the Washington Post that witnesses not having a defense attorney as a buffer decreases the likelihood of them lying to the jury, but also makes it easier for them to be indicted.
have their lawyers in the room with them to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of the process.	Only the jurors themselves, prosecutors, witnesses, court officers, and stenographers are present — not even the judge overseeing the jury can be in the room during the
Why we know so little about grand jury proceedings	Perhaps the most defining feature of grand juries is their extreme degree of secrecy. Jurors are not permitted to discuss the proceedings outside the courtroom, and witnesses who testify before grand juries aren't even allowed to
A grand jury only needs to determine probable cause to indict someone on federal charges, while criminal jurors must acquit or convict based on proof "beyond a reasonable doubt."
The standard of proof for a grand jury to hand down a federal indictment, however, is lower than the standard jurors in criminal cases are instructed to apply when deciding whether to convict a defendant.
In other words, all of the indictments handed down in the Mueller probe have been based not just on evidence uncovered by prosecutors and investigators, but approved by at least 12 mystery jurors based on testimony they've heard and evidence they've reviewed.
Federal prosecutors in any case, not just long-term investigations like the Mueller probe, must secure the approval of at least 12 grand jurors before indicting any person or entity on federal charges.
Similar to how criminal defendants have a constitutional right to a jury of their peers to ensure the fairest possible outcome, grand juries exist to add another layer of accountability to the process of charging those implicated in federal criminal probes.
grand juries hear testimony and review evidence in criminal inquiries over a period of months to determine whether or not to indict one more people suspected of committing federal crimes.
They deliberate over the course of a few hours or days, and then hand down an innocent or guilty verdict, or a judgement in a civil case.		Grand juries, on the other hand, do not decide a given defendant's innocence or guilt. Ranging anywhere in size from 16 to 23 members,
What a grand jury does - and how it differs from a regular jury:	The vast majority of juries are tasked with determining the outcome of an ongoing court case. They hear arguments for the prosecution and defense in a criminal trial or the plaintiff and defense in a civil lawsuit.
Grand juries, a cornerstone of the federal legal process, have been impaneled before in the high-profile investigations of former Presidents Richard Nixon and Bill Clinton.
Here's how a grand jury works and why the government shutdown is affecting the grand juries in the Mueller investigation https://t.co/dambLFXnrq via @businessinsider
opened  or  announced  their  respective investigations  into  Russian  interference  in  the  2016  U.S.  presidential  election,  which  included investigating  STONE’s  claims  of  contact  with  Organization  1.
..	7. After  the  2016  U.S.  presidential  election,  the  U.S.  House  of  Representatives  Permanent Select  Committee  on  Intelligence  (“HPSCI”),  the  U.S.  Senate  Select  Committee  on  Intelligence (“SSCI”),  and  the  Federal  Bureau  of  Investigation  (“FBI”)
b. Between on or about  Oct. 7, 2016  and  on  or  about  Nov.  7, 2016, Organization  1  released approximately  33  tranches  of documents  that  had  been stolen from  the  personal  email  account of  the  Clinton  Campaign chairman,  totaling over  50,000 stolen  documents.
documents  stolen  from  the  DNC and  the  personal  email  account  of  the  chairman  of  the  U.S.  presidential  campaign  of  Hillary Clinton  (“Clinton  Campaign”).    	a. On  or  about  July  22,  2016,  Organization  1  released  documents  stolen  from  the DNC.
3. From  in  or  around  July  2016  through  in  or  around  Nov.  2016,  an  organization (“Organization  1”),  which  had  previously  posted  documents  stolen  by  others  from  U.S.  persons, entities,  and  the  U.S.  government,  released  tens  of  thousands  of
Excerpt:	People familiar with the case said Organization 1 is WikiLeaks.
unauthorized  intrusions  and  hired  a  security  company (“Company  1”)  to  identify  the  extent  of  the  intrusions.    	2. On  or  about  June  14,  2016,  the  DNC—through  Company  1 publicly  announced  that  it had been  hacked  by Russian  government  actors.
Introduction	1. By  in  or  around  May  2016,  the  Democratic  National  Committee  (“DNC”)  and  the Democratic  Congressional  Campaign  Committee  (“DCCC”)  became  aware  that  their  computer systems had  been compromised by
IN  THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT  COURT FOR  THE DISTRICT  OF COLUMBIA 		UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 	v.	ROGER JASON STONE, JR., Defendant.		CRIMINAL NO. Grand  Jury  Original 18  U.S.C.  §§  1001,  1505,  1512,  2   		INDICTMENT		The Grand Jury for the District of Columbia charges:
https://t.co/3vtagxBybA
https://t.co/5WrkpU5Yje
https://t.co/7FPKwakseS
RT @nowthisnews: .@AOC explained why it’s morally wrong for a system to allow billionaires AND poverty — but all Fox News heard was ‘ringwo…
https://t.co/OTtu9JcLn4
https://t.co/pgoDNdlt7X
https://t.co/KSIpLakzn8
https://t.co/toLROPFoaZ
https://t.co/ZmZ9S16yej
https://t.co/16R6fBxsBY
https://t.co/fCO6H3YSLm
https://t.co/BH3SRVY43b
RT @demishassabis: Proteins are essential to life. Predicting their 3D structure is a major unsolved challenge in biology and could impact…
https://t.co/cRBwISPCMg
Advanced Process Roadmap https://t.co/EcckcAA2GS
took years to develop.
.. it was extremely challenging to bring EUV from drawing boards to actual fabs because the technology is extremely complex. It needs all-new step-and-scan systems outfitted with all-new light source, new chemicals, new mask infrastructure, and numerous other components that https://t.co/fvobLiUzRj
The fab is set to cost 6 trillion Korean Won ($4.615 billion), it is expected to be completed in 2019, and start HVM in 2020.
.. a major increase of EUV lithography usage by Samsung Foundry will happen after it builds another production line in Hwaseong, which was architected for the EUV tools from the start. https://t.co/4NhPB65OhB
IBM Power Processor Technology and I/O Roadmap https://t.co/rFenHiJVX5
IBM Z Processor Roadmap https://t.co/8Pq3wEzjS9
https://t.co/s1QSnyBi4D
RT @Gizmodo: Watch the military's latest rocket launch carrying a secret payload https://t.co/2OSSDCKYRT https://t.co/IAwDeeFetx
https://t.co/WCKQVutox2
https://t.co/SBaA0iCyGI
https://t.co/OMXnKDk5zn
https://t.co/oIOrcbRMVD
https://t.co/QxPvTFpczO
https://t.co/kpDF1BDUam
https://t.co/O8DzaCvZMX
https://t.co/IkDjVUmZMH
https://t.co/wzx7Ba34n2
https://t.co/jPpIj7Ac6a
https://t.co/W4higNqNoe
https://t.co/l2P5rYMSD6
https://t.co/YXeAiTdtmn
https://t.co/CDPHubVoOS
https://t.co/KTOWbZrlg7
https://t.co/Fm6Vpbr0dx
https://t.co/IPwdeMAsqw
@ChinaQandA https://t.co/WoOpK1rihI
@ChinaQandA https://t.co/2R8tntgaa1
@ChinaQandA which one is bigger? Beijing or Istanbul? both claim to be the world's largest airport.
RT @ChinaQandA: What’s the latest on the development of Beijing’s new international airport? https://t.co/KwodX8NCuf https://t.co/jmdnbrdQH3
RT @dataiku: It was a big year for #NLP. Here are the top 10 ideas that may have changed how we see language. | https://t.co/WHIV6CKbBM #Na…
RT @woojinrad: Top 10 Books on #NLP and Text Analysis https://t.co/zrloEv6Y9J #naturallanguageprocessing #deeplearning https://t.co/8i9awH5…
RT @SCMPNews: Bust a move – with your school principal. 🕺 https://t.co/dGpKphbcAi
[6] Breuil, C., Conrad, B., Diamond, F., and Taylor, R., On the modularity of elliptic curves over Q: wild 3-adic exercises. J. Amer. Math. Soc. 14 (2001), 843–939.	https://t.co/WiBhw2Jqkm	https://t.co/vMNUKiyEX9
Taylor, R. and Wiles, A.: Ring–theoretic properties of certain Hecke algebras, Ann. of Math. (1995), 553–572.	https://t.co/ntAUIYfN53	https://t.co/3n70v9Zp8O
[44] available at https://t.co/E6zMJ6fRj2
[32] available at https://t.co/SVd0MO13Me
[4] Birch, B., J., and Swinnerton-Dyer, H. P. F., Notes on elliptic curves. I. J. Reine Angew. Math. 212 (1963), 7–25; II. J. Reine Angew. Math. 218 (1965), 79–108.
and is equal to the rank of E(Q) as a finitely generated abelian group.	Birch and Swinnerton-Dyer formulated the following conjecture [4].
An elliptic curve E over a number field has its zeta function L(E, s) (called the L-function of E). For E: y2 = x3 + 1 and E: y2 = x3 − 2 over Q, the order of zero of L(E, s) at s = 1 is 0 and 1, respectively,
then 2P = P + P = (0, 1), 3P = (−1, 0), 4P = (0,−1), 5P = (2,−3), 	6P = (∞,∞), Z/6Z −→ E(Q); n → nP . 	On the other hand, for the elliptic curve y2 = x3 − 2, if P ∈ E(Q) denotes the point (3, 5), then Z −→ E(Q); n → nP .	Zeta functions come to this arithmetic world.
structure of an abelian group in which (∞,∞) is the unit element, and the theorem of Mordell–Weil shows that E(F) is finitely generated as an abelian group.	For example, for the elliptic curve E: y2 = x3 + 1 over Q, if P ∈ E(Q) denotes	the point (2, 3),
1.5. Elliptic curves. Recall that an elliptic curve E over a number field F is defined by an equation y2 = f (x) where f (x) is a cubic polynomial over F without multiple root. The set E(F) = {(x, y) ∈ F ×F | y2 = f (x)}∪{(∞,∞)} is endowed with the
[43] Venjakob, O.,Characteristic elements in non-commutative Iwasawa theory. J. Reine Angew. Math. 583 (2005), 193–236.	[44] Wiles,A.,The Iwasawa conjecture for totally real fields. Ann. of Math. 131 (1990), 493–540.
[41] Skinner, C., Main conjectures and modular forms. Preprint.	[42] Thaine, F., On the ideal class groups of real abelian number fields. Ann. of Math. 128 (1988), 1–18.
[39] Ritter, J. and Weiss, A., Toward equivariant Iwasawa theory, II. Indag. Math. (N.S.) 15 (2004), 549–572.	[40] Schneider, P., Motivic Iwasawa theory. In Algebraic number theory,Adv. Stud. Pure Math. 17, Academic Press, Boston, MA, 1989, 421–456.
[37] Rubin, K.,The “main conjectures” of Iwasawa theory for imaginary quadratic fields. Invent. Math. 103 (1991), 25–68.	[38] Rubin, K., Euler systems. Ann. of Math. Stud. 147, Princeton University Press, Princeton, NJ, 2000.
[32] Mazur, B., andWiles, A., Class fields of abelian extensions of Q. Invent. Math. 76 (1984), 179–330.	[33] McConnell, J. C., and Robson, J. C., Noncommutative Noetherian rings. Grad. Stud. in Math. 30, Amer. Math. Soc., Providence, RI, 2001.
modular forms. Astérisque 295 (2004), 117–290.	[23] Kato, K., K1 of some non-commutative completed group rings. K-theory 34 (2005), 99–140.	[24] Kubota, K., and Leopoldt, H.-W., Eine p-adische Theorie der Zetawerte. I. J. Reine Angew. Math. 214/215 (1964), 328–339.
[21] Kato, K., Lectures on the approach to Iwasawa theory for Hasse-Weil L-functions via BdR. I. In Arithmetic algebraic geometry (Trento, 1991), Lecture Notes in Math. 1553, Springer-Verlag, Berlin 1993, 50–163.	[22] Kato, K., p-adic Hodge theory and values of zeta functions of
conjecture. In Proceedings of the International Congress of Mathematicians (Beijing, 2002), Vol. II, Higher Ed. Press, Beijing 2002, 149–162.	[20] Iwasawa, K., Analogies between number fields and function fields. In Collected Papers, Vol. II, Springer-Verlag, Tokyo 2001, 606–611
[18] Greenberg, R., Iwasawa theory—past and present. In Class field theory—its centenary and prospect (Tokyo, 1998),Adv. Stud. Pure Math. 30, Math. Soc. Japan,Tokyo 2001, 335–385.	[19] Huber, A., and Kings, G., Equivariant Bloch-Kato conjecture and non-abelian Iwasawa main
proved versions of Iwasawa’s main conjecture for abelian extensions of imaginary quadratic fields ([37]). See, for example, [18] for discussions of various aspects of Iwasawa theory.
([20]; see 2.3.1 for the precise statement.) After efforts of Iwasawa, this conjecture was proved by Mazur–Wiles [32]. Wiles [44] exploiting the ideas of Hida, also proved the main conjectures for totally real fields. Moreover Rubin, using ideas of Kolyvagin,
Iwasawa showed that the p-adic zeta function was essentially an element of the Iwasawa algebra, and formulated the so-called Iwasawa main conjecture which has (roughly speaking) the form 		p-adic zeta function = ideal class group with Galois action.
The p-adic properties of values of the Riemann zeta function, which first appeared in Kummer’s congruence, were summarized by Kubota and Leopoldt [24] as the existence of the p-adic Riemann zeta function which interpolates the zeta values ζ(r) (r ∈ Z, r ≤ 0) p-adically.
acts as the multiplication by c^r	[35] Ribet, K. A., A modular construction of unramified p-extensions of Q(μp). Invent. Math. 34 (1976), 151–162..
as a module over the Galois group Gal(Q(ζp)/Q), the ideal class group Cl(Q(ζp)) contains a submodule which is isomorphic to (Z/pZ)(−11), where for r ∈ Z, (Z/pZ)(r) is a one-dimensional representation of Gal(Q(ζp)/Q) over Z/pZ on which σ ∈ Gal(Q(ζp)/Q) such that https://t.co/EAwfX86Zfn
ζ(−11) = 691/(· · · ) tells that for p = 691, the ideal class group of Q(ζp) contains a subgroup which is isomorphic to Z/pZ. 	But what does −11 here mean? By Iwasawa theory (this part is due to Ribet [35]), this −11 tells that for p = 691,
but also the action of the Galois group on the ideal class group. In fact,	one could even say that the aim of Iwasawa theory is to describe Galois actions on arithmetic objects in terms of zeta values. For example, as we have seen, by Kummer’s criterion,
evolved into a fruitful field of mathematics, Iwasawa theory. Compared with Kummer’s criterion and class number formula, Iwasawa theory is finer in the point that it describes not only the class number, i.e. the order of the ideal	class group,
similar formulae, for example, the Iwasawa main conjecture, the Birch and Swinnerton-Dyer conjecture, etc., which all have the form analytic invariant = arithmetic invariant.	1.4. Iwasawa theory. In the later half of 20th century, studies of mysterious properties	of zeta values
Here hF is the class number of F, RF is the regulator of F (defined by using log of units in OF ), wF is the number of all roots of 1 in F, r1 is the number of real places of F, and r2 is the number of complex places of F. The class number formula is the first example of many
The class number formula has the form https://t.co/ftrbpdJS47
(R(s) &gt; 1) be the Dedekind zeta function of F, where a ranges over all non-zero ideals of the integer ring OF of F and N(a) denotes the norm of a. Then ζF (s) has a meromorphic analytic continuation to the whole of C and is holomorphic at s = 1. If F = Q, then ζF (s) = ζ(s).
between zeta	functions and ideal class groups. Let F be a number field, and let https://t.co/XvTGJeo5FG
these p according to the result of Kummer. Kummer’s congruence was generalized later to congruences modulo higher powers of p.	1.3. Class number formula. The class number formula of Dirichlet and Dedekind proved in the middle of 19th century is also a mysterious relationship
r ≡ 1 mod (p − 1),	p divides the denominator of ζ(r). Hence the results (1), (2) and the above list of ζ(0), . . . , ζ(−11) already show that the class number of Q(ζp) is not divisible by p if p = 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, and hence x^p + y^p = z^p has no non-zero integral solution for
(2) Kummer’s congruence. If r is a negative odd integer and r ≡ 1 mod (p − 1),	then ζ(r) ∈ Z(p) = {m/n | (n, p) = 1}. If r' is also a negative odd integer and	r'  ≡ r mod (p − 1), then ζ(r') ≡ ζ(r) mod p.	On the other hand, if r is a negative odd integer such that
algebraic number theory, algebraic geometry, and many areas of	mathematics.	I add also that the final solution of Fermat’s last theorem by Wiles [45] also uses the arithmetic of zeta values (generalized Iwasawa theory) of symmetric squares of modular forms.
But the above criterion (1) of Kummer shows that the ideal class group is in fact a “sweet group” which has a wonderful relation with zeta values.	I add that this study of Kummer was the start of the theory of ideals which became later important in
non-zero integral solution. This was the most important result on Fermat’s last theorem before the complete proof of Wiles by a different method.	Thus the ideal class group is a “bitter group” which seems to prevent the study of the arithmetic of number fields.
in the multiplicative form, and hence the theory of multiplicative	factorization in Q(ζp) becomes important. Kummer proved that if the class number of Q(ζp) is not divisible by p (so that the multiplicative arithmetic of Q(ζp) becomes sufficiently simple), x^p + y^p = z^p has no
The equation x^p + y^p = z^p is rewritten as https://t.co/2Xfw89xxeN
F becomes big (and the arithmetic of F becomes complicated) if	the ideal class group of F is big. Kummer tried to prove Fermat’s last theorem	by studying the arithmetic of cyclotomic fields Q(ζp) for odd primes p (where we denote by ζn a primitive  n-th root of 1).
group of non-zero fractional ideals of F divided by the subgroup consisting of principal ideals. It is the most important group in algebraic number theory. Unique factorization into prime elements in F holds if and only if Cl(F ) = {1}, and the failure of unique factorization in
ζ(−11) is divisible by 691.	Recall that for a number field F (a finite extension of Q) the class number of F is the order of the ideal class group Cl(F ) of F, which is a finite group. We recall that the ideal class group of F is defined to be the quotient of the multiplicative
(1) Kummer’s criterion. Let p be a prime number. Then p divides the numerator	of ζ(r) for some negative odd integer r if and only if the class number of Q(ζp) is divisible by p.	This (1) for example shows that the class number of Q(ζ691) is divisible by 691	since the numerator of
ζ(−11) = 691/(2^3·3^2·5·7·13), . . . .	Note that the prime number 691 suddenly appears as the numerator of ζ(−11).
the correct values of ζ(s) at integers ≤ 0:	ζ(0) = −1/2, ζ(r) = 0 for any even integer r &lt; 0,	ζ(1 − r) = 2 · (r − 1)! · ζ(r)/(2πi)^r ∈ Q^× if r &gt; 0 is even,	ζ(−1) = −1/12, ζ(−3) = 1/120, ζ(−5) = −1/(2^2 · 3^2 · 7),	ζ(−7) = 1/(2^4·3·5), ζ(−9) = −1/(2^2·3·11),
more generally, for any even integer r ≥ 2, he showed that ζ(r)/π^r ∈ Q. Euler did not know the theory of analytic continuation, but he had a method to find
for complex numbers s such that R(s) &gt; 1, and by analytic continuation, it is extended to the whole complex s-plane as a meromorphic function which is holomorphic at any s = 1. The above result of Euler says that ζ(2) = π^2/6.	Euler proved that ζ(4) = π^4/90, ζ(6) = π^6/945, and
the answer he found (the appearance of π) was surprising.	Riemann’s zeta function ζ(s) is defined as ζ(s) https://t.co/hGmEo80148
1. Overview	1.1. Euler. The study of zeta values was started by Euler. In 1735, Euler proved		1 + 1/2^2 + 1/3^2 + 1/4^2 + 1/5^2 + · · · = π^2/6. 		He was happy that he solved the difficult question “what is the sum of the inverses of all squares?” and also that
In §2, we describe the cyclotomic Iwasawa theory of elliptic curves comparing it with classical Iwasawa theory. In §3, we present non-commutative Iwasawa theory.	The author is very grateful to Professor John Coates for advice.
The aim of this paper is to review some results, methods, and problems in Iwasawa theory and its generalizations. The author regrets that he cannot cover many important studies in this field.	The organization of this paper is as follows. In §1, we describe history.
The mysterious point is that analytic objects and arithmetic objects are connected in spite of the vast distance between their innate natures. Via zeta values, arithmetic, algebra, analysis, geometry intersect. Deep and unexpected problems arise there.
Galois cohomology groups, …). Diagrammatically, we have	zeta values                  ←→              ideal class groups, Selmer groups,....	(analytic objects)                             (arithmetic objects)
Classical Iwasawa theory describes the relation between zeta values	and ideal class groups. It has been generalized to the study of the relation between zeta values and more general arithmetic objects (rational points and Selmer groups of elliptic curves, Galois representations,
Zeta values are infinitely attractive objects. They appear in many areas of mathematics, and also in physics. They lead us to the profound mysteries of mathematics.	Iwasawa theory is the best theory at present to understand the arithmetic meaning of zeta values.
Iwasawa theory and generalizations	Kazuya Kato	Abstract. This is an introduction to Iwasawa theory and its generalizations. We discuss some main conjectures and related subjects.	Mathematics Subject Classification (2000). 	Keywords. Iwasawa theory, zeta function.
https://t.co/0BLajegjXK
His address at the Mathematical Institute is the Andrew	Wiles Building, which opened in 2013 and	was named in his honour.	Sources:	Fermat’s Last Theorem by Simon Singh.	Wikipedia	Notices of the AMS	https://t.co/xm7ldfB0l2	BBC Horizon.
the only time they have ever done so. He was awarded the	inaugural Clay Research Award. In 2000 he	was given a knighthood.	Wiles was at Princeton between 1982	and 2010, except for short periods of leave.	In 2010 he returned to Oxford as a Royal	Society Research Professor.
They include the Rolf Schock Prize, the	Ostrowski Prize, the Wolf Prize, the Royal	Medal of the Royal Society, the U.S.	National Academy of Science’s Award in	Mathematics, and the Shaw Prize. The	International Mathematical Union presented	him with a silver plaque,
in the revised proof and it was published in Annals of	Mathematics in 1995, with the title Modular	elliptic curves and Fermat’s Last Theorem.	As well as the attention of the global	media, Wiles received many awards.
“It was the	most important moment of my working life.”	Not only is it rare to announce the	proof of a famous theorem, but it is also	extremely unusual to go back and fix 	an error like this, because of the mental	exhaustion from trying it the first time	around. No gaps were found
He set	to work trying to fix the issue, enlisting one	of his former students, Richard Taylor, to	help him with the task. After a year’s work,	Wiles found a way to correct the error.	“I had this incredible revelation,” a tearful	Wiles told a BBC documentary.
to the talk, the room erupted in applause.	Later that year, however, a referee	checking the details of his proof found an	error in it. It was devastating for Wiles to	contemplate the idea that he had not, in	fact, solved Fermat’s Last Theorem.
The title of his talk, Modular Forms, Elliptic Curves and	Galois Representations, gave nothing away,	although rumour had spread around the	mathematical community and two hundred	people were packed in the lecture theatre to	hear him. When he wrote the theorem up as	the conclusion
the proof.	After seven years of intense and secret	study, Wiles believed he had a proof. He	decided to go public during a lecture series	at a seminar in Cambridge, England. He	did not announce it beforehand.
alone, rather than collaborating	with colleagues. Since the problem was so	famous, he was worried that news he was	working on it would attract too much	attention and he would lose focus. The only	person he confided in was his wife, Nada,	who he married shortly after embarking on
turned out to be exactly the	areas that were needed to tackle Fermat’s	Last Theorem with modern tools. He decided that he would return to the	problem that so excited him as a child. “The	challenge proved irresistible,” he said.	Wiles made the unusual choice to work	on Fermat
difficult, and possibly unsolvable. A turning point came	in 1986 when it was shown that the three century-old problem could be rephrased using the mathematics of elliptic curves and	modular forms. It was an amazing twist of	fate that two subjects that Wiles had	specialized in
theory, a field	within number theory. In 1982 he was made	a professor at Princeton University.	During the early years of Wiles’	academic career he was not actively trying	to solve Fermat’s Last Theorem – nor was	anyone else, since the problem was	generally regarded as too
Between 1977 and 1980 Wiles was an	Assistant Professor at Harvard University,	where he started to study modular forms,	a separate field from elliptic curves. There	he began a collaboration with Barry Mazur,	which resulted in their 1984 proof of the	main conjecture of Iwasawa
field’s fundamental conjectures, the Birch and	Swinnerton-Dyer conjecture, proving it for	certain special cases. Wiles was awarded	his PhD in 1980 for the thesis Reciprocity	laws and the conjecture of Birch and	Swinnerton-Dyer.
investigates the properties of numbers.	Under the guidance of his advisor John	Coates, Wiles studied elliptic curves, a	type of equation that was first studied in 	connection with measuring the lengths	of planetary orbits. Together they made	the first progress on one of the
“I knew from that moment that I would never let it	go,” he said. “I had to solve it.”	Wiles studied mathematics at	Merton College, Oxford, and returned	to Cambridge, at Clare College, for	postgraduate studies. His research area	was number theory, the mathematical field	that
of a book on Fermat’s Last Theorem in his	local library. He became captivated by the	problem – that there are no whole number	solutions to the equation x^n + y^n = z^n	when n is greater than 2 – which was easy	to understand but which had remained	unsolved for three hundred years.
Wiles’ proof was not only the high point	of his career – and an epochal moment for	mathematics – but also the culmination of	a remarkable personal journey that began	three decades before. In 1963, when he	was a ten-year-old boy growing up in	Cambridge, England, Wiles found a copy
Andrew Wiles is one of the very few	mathematicians – if not the only – whose	proof of a theorem has been international	headline news. In 1994 he cracked Fermat’s	Last Theorem, which at the time was the	most famous, and long-running, unsolved	problem in the subject’s history.
[9] C. Breuil, B. Conrad, F. Diamond, R. Taylor, On the modularity of elliptic curves over Q: wild 3-adic exercises, Journal of the American Mathematical Society 14 (2001), 843–939.	https://t.co/aatIAhWVGh	https://t.co/aq9LM8EniE
which established the modularity of semistable elliptic curves over Q, and was historically the final step in the proof of Fermat’s Last Theorem. 	In this paper we prove the analogous modularity statement for elliptic	curves over real quadratic fields.
One of the great achievements of modern number theory is the proof by Breuil,	Conrad, Diamond and Taylor [9] of the Shimura–Taniyama (or modularity) conjecture for elliptic curves over Q. This built on the earlier pioneering work of Wiles [83], and of Taylor and Wiles [81],
Bao Viet Le Hung https://t.co/hx2mIiO74P	Nuno Freitas at https://t.co/BSG2C1IcV1	Samir Siksek at https://t.co/vgNFgw9UST
https://t.co/ptD22paj6l
https://t.co/Y52UJzDcdK
As recently as 2015, Nuno Freitas, Bao V. Le Hung, and Samir Siksek 	proved the analogous modularity statement over real quadratic	number fields. Few results have as rich a	mathematical history and as dramatic a	proof as Fermat’s Last Theorem.
The new ideas introduced by Wiles were	crucial to many subsequent developments,	including the proof in 2001 of the general	case of the modularity conjecture by	Christophe Breuil, Brian Conrad, Fred	Diamond, and Richard Taylor.
Wiles showed that in the remaining cases the Galois	representation given by the points of order	five is modular. This completed his proof of	the modularity conjecture, and thus also of	Fermat’s Last Theorem.
Richard Taylor. Theorems of Robert Langlands and Jerrold	Tunnell show that in many cases the Galois	representation given by the points of order	three is modular. By an ingenious switch	from one prime to another,
for points of order any power of p, where p is an odd prime. This lifted	modularity is then sufficient to prove that	the elliptic curve is modular. The numerical	criterion was confirmed in the semistable	case by using an important companion	paper written jointly with
the points of finite order in the abelian group	structure on an elliptic curve. Building upon	Barry Mazur’s deformation theory for such	Galois representations, Wiles identified	a numerical criterion which ensures that	modularity for points of order p can be lifted	to modularity
It was therefore a	stunning advance when Andrew Wiles, in	a breakthrough paper published in 1995,	introduced his modularity lifting technique	and proved the semistable case of the	modularity conjecture. The modularity 	lifting technique of Wiles	concerns the Galois symmetries of
Kenneth Ribet in 1986. Hence, a proof of the Shimura-Taniyama-Weil modularity conjecture for semistable elliptic curves would also	yield a proof of Fermat’s Last Theorem. 	However, at the time the modularity	conjecture was widely believed to be	completely inaccessible.
In 1984, Gerhard Frey associated a	semistable elliptic curve to any hypothetical	counterexample to Fermat’s Last Theorem,	and strongly suspected that this elliptic	curve would not be modular. 	Frey’s nonmodularity was proven via Jean-Pierre	Serre’s epsilon conjecture by
parametrized by a map from one of these	modular curves. The modularity conjecture,	proposed by Goro Shimura, Yutaka	Taniyama, and André Weil in the 1950s and	60s, claims that every elliptic curve defined	over the rational numbers is modular.
the elliptic functions introduced by Niels Henrik Abel.	Modular forms are highly symmetric analytic	functions defined on the upper half of the	complex plane, and naturally factor through	shapes known as modular curves. An elliptic	curve is said to be modular if it can be
The complete proof found by Andrew Wiles	relies on three further concepts in number	theory, namely elliptic curves, modular	forms, and Galois representations.	Elliptic curves are defined by cubic	equations in two variables. They are the	natural domains of definition of
and Sophie Germain proved the first general result that	applies to infinitely many prime exponents.	Ernst Kummer’s study of the problem	unveiled several basic notions in algebraic	number theory, such as ideal numbers and	the subtleties of unique factorization.
Fermat’s Last Theorem, first formulated	by Pierre de Fermat in the 17th century, is	the assertion that the equation x^n + y^n  = z^n	has no solutions in positive integers for n&gt;2.	Fermat proved his claim for n=4, Leonhard	Euler found a proof for n=3,
algebraic geometry, and representation theory.	Number theoretic results play an important	role in our everyday lives through encryption	algorithms for communications, financial	transactions, and digital security.
semistable elliptic curves, opening a new era in number theory.”	Number theory, an old and beautiful branch	of mathematics, is concerned with the study	of arithmetic properties of the integers. In its	modern form the subject is fundamentally	connected to complex analysis,
Citation	The Abel Committee	The Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters has decided to award the Abel Prize for 2016 to	Sir Andrew J. Wiles, Mathematical Institute, University of Oxford	“for his stunning proof of Fermat’s Last Theorem by way of the modularity conjecture for
https://t.co/BgjWxseFAP
https://t.co/jnAOt3lxMY
associated to an integer n there is an algebraic integer c(n,f) such	that Tnf=c(n,f)f for each n. We let Kf be the number field generated over Q by ...” 	the proof is truly marvellous, but unfortunately – 	Hanc marginis exiguitas non caperet.
accessible if you are not a true expert.	Wiles writes in his Annals of Mathematics	article from 1995 where he presents the	proof: “Let f be an eigenform associated to	the congruence subgroup Γ1 (N) of SL2(Z)	of weight k≥2 and character c. Thus if Tn is	the Hecke operator
Tension built up, and the number of curious colleagues in the	audience increased during the lecture series Wiles gave. In his final lecture he concluded that Fermat’s Last Theorem had finally got a proof. The proof of TSW is a major mathematical masterpiece and is not easily
future. But Andrew Wiles dug into the problem anyway,	and within the next seven years he came	up with a proof. He kept his discoveries	hidden from the mathematical community,	but during a conference in Cambridge in	the summer of 1993 there were rumours of	an upcoming sensation.
However, the TSW conjecture says just the	opposite, that all elliptic curves are modular.	So when Ken Ribet a few years later	proved Frey’s assertion, the only obstacle	to proving FLT was to prove the TSW	conjecture. Many experts considered this	to be a challenge for the distant
Then, in the mid 1980s, the German mathematician Gerhard Frey asserted that if TSW was true, then FLT would follow as a consequence. Frey suggested that if FLT was false, then there would exist a semistable elliptic curve that was not modular.
now under the name of the Taniyama-Shimura-Weil	conjecture (or TSW for short). In spite of	numerous attempts to crack the puzzle, no	one managed to come up with a proof.
sequences of numbers in apparently	different mathematical subfields. About 10	years later these ideas were considered	in a publication by the influential French	mathematician André Weil. The conjecture	was promptly hailed as hot stuff,
called modular forms. Taniyama and Shimura discovered that the sequences of	numbers were very similar and concluded that this could not be a coincidence.	They conjectured that there was a deeper connection between elliptic curves and	modular forms, producing two identical
In the 1950s, two young Japanese mathematicians, Yutaka Taniyama and Goro	Shimura, were studying certain sequences of numbers. They considered the number of solutions of a type of equations, called elliptic curves, and compared them to specific expressions of a class of functions
any number would be both. Nevertheless,	according to Wiles’ work, the reason for the	lack of concurrence between powers and	sums of power is much more subtle.
and 42 numbers that are both a	square and a sum of squares. In contrast,	there are only 202 sums of two cubes, 21	cubes and, according to FLT, none of these	are sums of cubes. The two properties,	being a sum of cubes and being a cube	itself, are so rare that it is unlikely that
integer solutions, the most famous being 3^2 +4^2 =5^2. 	But why is the statement true for n≥3? Is there a mysterious connection between powers and sums of powers? Or are there just too few integers?	Among the first 10,000 numbers there are 2,691 sums of two squares, 100	squares
Today Fermat’s marginal comment is phrased:	The equation x^n +y^n =z^n, where n≥3 has no non-trivial integer solutions.	Notice that Fermat requires the exponent n to be greater or equal to 3. For n=2 the statement is false, since the equation x^2+y^2 = z^2 has many non-trivial
mathematician like Pierre de Fermat, the proof of FLT	given by Andrew Wiles would have been	highly inaccessible had he been given the	possibility to read it. In 1637 it would still	be centuries before the concepts of elliptic	curves and modular forms were to emerge.
Fermat actually had a proof of the theorem.	One can be fairly certain that it would	have been extremely difficult or even	impossible to provide a complete proof	of the assertion using the mathematical	tools and techniques on hand in the 17th	century. Even for a brilliant
all attempts to find a rigorous proof of the	statement have failed. However, it was not	all in vain: a large body of knowledge has	been created on the roads into the many	blind alleys, and on the one successful road	toward the final solution.	Today very few people believe that
(it was not his last assertion, but the last one to	be proved), or just FLT, is one of history’s	longest lasting puzzles, easy to formulate	but equally difficult to crack. Numerous	great mathematical thinkers have taken up	the challenge, but for more than 350 years
This is the famous comment, written by	Pierre de Fermat around 1637 in his copy	of Diophantus’ book Arithmetica. Fermat	was a French lawyer with a passion for	mathematics. The statement he refers to,	known as Fermat’s Last Theorem
(It is impossible to separate a cube into two	cubes, or a fourth power into two fourth	powers, or in general, any power higher than	the second, into two like powers. I have	discovered a truly marvellous proof of this,	which this margin is too narrow to contain.)
Cubum autem in duos cubos, aut quadratoquadratum in duos quadratoquadratos et generaliter nullam in infinitum ultra quadratum potestatem in duos eiusdem nominis fas est dividere cuius rei demonstrationem mirabilem sane detexi. Hanc marginis exiguitas non caperet. Pierre de Fermat
https://t.co/zHx49PLUh4
https://t.co/mopZNImSIH
https://t.co/8UqM1g2sm0
https://t.co/0N0X3yiG4A
https://t.co/fAM3xRKE95
RT @exocube_inc: "Analyzing large amounts of IP data to discover relationships, trends and patterns for decision making" Exploiting the rea…
https://t.co/FOax4Grd2w
https://t.co/hsuXjmBthh
https://t.co/hBjcaJvyjh
https://t.co/upOwz41cgM
https://t.co/V33C1CGnOG
https://t.co/zX6sNz5WHl
https://t.co/By0YlqLbNd
https://t.co/N9REJV9WGZ
https://t.co/GaOKgvJEpJ
https://t.co/8UNZ68nw5A
https://t.co/A6hPCFmSI2
https://t.co/zyqyRIfN56
https://t.co/3FVi0JFCjC
https://t.co/jg9EO7JXfr
https://t.co/EDmdumimXF
https://t.co/2TIf9kfA1P
https://t.co/QlQPSAFz5F
https://t.co/Mi49nvz4On
https://t.co/vcmkT0iBbJ
https://t.co/cwIQXygFHW
https://t.co/wqy1yd85Yd
https://t.co/PMbuRTEofu
https://t.co/EnO4N9Wx0R
https://t.co/omNX1z95kB
https://t.co/Pyc3etuYBn
https://t.co/cO14FYJUmw
https://t.co/QC19IPvIRp
https://t.co/F8zBj3ej3k
https://t.co/zTFd4iZ0L4!
https://t.co/QS59dssmP0
https://t.co/9NX19uOamU
https://t.co/Iyq9Tduq91
https://t.co/QC19IPNkfZ
https://t.co/9S3OPRwJEA
https://t.co/EbPpx3KuMo
https://t.co/8L0noqCyrw
https://t.co/fVLGhtAsnU
https://t.co/n2g6TP5i3P
https://t.co/qtl5VOVm4A
https://t.co/F8zBj2WHEK
https://t.co/zTFd4iHpTw!
The resulting complexity increase might become significant, especially for increasing sizes of the FFT.
In particular, it requires a higher computational complexity. As we can see from the NCP-SC scheme in Figure 1.10, both an FFT and IFFT operations are required at the receiver. OFDM, on the other hand, only requires one FFT at the receiver.
• The presence of time intervals in which no useful data are present makes it easier to estimate the interference-plus-noise power at the receiver.	Before concluding this section, it should also be observed that NCP-SC has some drawbacks compared to OFDM too.
frame timing, because the length of each user’s transmit symbol is	always kept constant to N.	• The NCP-SC has a much lower PAPR and much lower OOB emissions than OFDM. This reduces interference and eases the design and operation of power amplifiers.
The NCP-SC scheme has several advantages over OFDM. In particular:	• The null cyclic prefix is part of the transmit symbol and is fed to the FFT together with the other data samples. This makes it possible to adapt the length of the prefix of each user, without disrupting the
has been proposed for mmWaves. The concept is to transmit a single-carrier signal in which the usual cyclic prefix used by OFDM is replaced by nulls appended at the end of each transmit symbol. The block scheme is shown in Figure 1.10. https://t.co/TAv8cvKnRJ
In light of these considerations, one possibility for mmWaves is to dispense with multicarrier transmissions, eliminating its drawbacks, and resorting instead to single-carrier (SC) modulation formats. In Ghosh et al. [35], the null cyclic prefix single carrier (NCP-SC) scheme
This makes digital beamforming unfeasible, since the energy required for	digital-to-analog and analog-to-digital conversion would be huge. Thus, each user will have an own radio-frequency beamforming, which requires users to be separated in time rather than in frequency.
• The higher bandwidth would cause low OFDM symbol duration, making it possible to multiplex users in the time domain as efficiently as in the frequency domain.	• mmWaves will be operated together with massive antenna arrays to overcome propagation attenuation.
this feature might not be so crucial, for several reasons.	• As already mentioned, the propagation attenuation of mmWaves make them a viable technology only for small-cell, dense networks, where few users will be associated to any given base station.
disadvantages too. Indeed, this chapter has been concerned with the analysis of possible alternatives to the conventional OFDM scheme, which cope with its shortcomings, but without renouncing the possibility of having a frequency-domain multiplex. However, if mmWaves are used,
concerned [34]. Therefore, mmWaves have recently been reconsidered as a viable technology for cellular communications.	One of the main advantages of multicarrier schemes is their ability to multiplex users in the frequency domain. However, this advantage comes with several
bands. However, while this is true for propagation in the macro-cell environments that are typical of past cellular generations, recent measurements suggest that mmWave attenuation is only slightly worse than in other bands, as far as propagation in dense urban environments is
between 70 GHz and 80 GHz, provides 10 GHz of free spectrum, which could be exploited to operate 5G networks. Up until now, the use of mmWaves for cellular communications has been neglected due to the higher atmospheric attenuation that they suffer compared to other frequency
(mmWaves) are employed. The use ofmmWaves has been proposed as a strong candidate for achieving the spectral efficiency growth required by 5G networks, resorting to the use of the currently unused frequency bands in the range between 20 GHz and 90 GHz. In particular, the E-band,
1.2.6 Single-carrier Schemes	All of the modulation formats considered so far employ multicarrier transmissions. However, while multicarrier formats are compatible with most of the candidate technologies for 5G networks, they might not be the best choice if millimeter waves
performance is reached when optimal detectors are used. More recently, this concept has been extended to multicarrier transmissions by Rusek and Anderson [24]. In this case, intentional ICI is also introduced by reducing the frequency separation among carriers.
In the original papers on FTN signaling [22, 23, 24], this optimal time spacing is obtained as the smallest value giving no reduction of the minimum Euclidean distance with respect to the Nyquist case. This ensures that, asymptotically,	the ISI-free bit-error rate (BER)
that reduces the time spacing between two adjacent pulses (the symbol time) to well below that ensuring the Nyquist condition, thus introducing controlled ISI [22, 23, 24]. If the receiver can cope with the ISI, the efficiency of the communication system is increased.
giving up the orthogonality condition and by introducing a controlled interference into the signal. This idea was first introduced by Mazo for single-carrier transmissions with the name of faster-than-Nyquist (FTN) signaling [22]. FTN signaling is a linear modulation technique
1.2.5 Time-frequency Packing	In traditional digital communications, orthogonal signaling has been often adopted to ensure the absence of ISI and ICI. However, when finite-order constellations are used, it is possible to increase the spectral efficiency of communication systems by
matched filtering, 	linear minimum mean square error estimation, 	zero-forcing detection and so on – 	can be used to recover the QAM symbols. Classical FFT-based processing with attendant one-tap equalization in the frequency domain is also possible.
with w being the additive disturbance, made of noise plus possible co-channel interference. It can be seen that Eq. (1.19) describes a classical linear model, and a plethora of well-known signal processing techniques –
the discrete-time baseband equivalent of the received signal is given by the following (K + Ng + Nh − 2)-dimensional vector: https://t.co/Wg4R5VT0Aj
At the receiver side, denoting by H the Toeplitz matrix, of dimension (K + Ng + Nh − 2) × ((K + Ng − 1)), where Nh is the length of the propagation channel, and describing linear convolution with the channel impulse response,
Denoting by Fi the ((K + Ng − 1) × K) Toeplitz matrix describing the convolution operation with the shaping filter, the discrete-time signal to be converted to the analog domain and transmitted at RF is expressed as https://t.co/ovoC4FJ1Bi
Then, they are passed through a pulse shape of length Ng, aimed at attenuating sidelobe levels in the frequency domain, and summed together (see Figure 1.8). In principle, we may use different filters for each branch.
Equipped with this notation, we can now illustrate the UFMC transmitter operation (see Figure 1.8). The B data vectors s1, . . . , sB are processed with the IDFT submatrices V1, . . . ,VB, respectively. https://t.co/tQbwKiYcEf
Denote now by s1, s2, . . . , sB the P-dimensional vectors containing the QAM data symbols to be transmitted, and by V the (K × K) IFFT matrix; we partition this matrix using the B submatrices V1, . . . ,VB, each of dimension (K × P):	V = [V1 V2 . . . VB ] (1.17)
number of subcarriers, let us assume that these K subcarriers are divided in B separate groups; although groups are allowed to be composed of different numbers of subcarriers, for the sake of simplicity we assume here that each group is composed of P subcarriers, so that K = BP.
Indeed, while in the former case the whole set of subcarriers is filtered to limit sidelobe effects, and while in FBMC modulations filtering is applied separately to each subcarrier, in UFMC subcarriers are filtered in groups. Denoting again by K the overall
1.2.4 Universal Filtered Multicarrier	Universal Filtered Multicarrier (UFMC) is a multicarrier modulation format that has been proposed by the EU-funded research project 5GNOW [3, 18, 19, 20, 21]. 	UFMC admits as particular cases the filtered-OFDM and the FBMC modulations.
In doubly dispersive channels, the power of the ICI and ISI depends on the joint time-frequency concentration of the transmit and receive pulses.	In practice spline-type pulses are used to obtain a polynomial localization whereas Gaussian pulses enable an exponential localization
1.2.3 Bi-orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing	BFDM is a generalization of the classical CP-OFDM scheme and is able to provide lower intercarrier interference (ICI) and lower ISI..
..	we determine that the transmitter of a PPN-FFT system can be implemented as shown in Figure 1.4. A similar scheme is used at the receiver, with the difference that the FFT operation is used in place of the IFFT, and that the frequency shifts are multiples of −1/N. https://t.co/eYbDtOXPwg
larger than the sum of the impulse responses of the transmit shaping filter, the channel, and the receive filter. The limitation of the OOB emissions is obtained through the use of pulse shapes; the lower the required OOB emissions, the longer the pulse length in the time domain.
A CP is used to combat time dispersion induced by all the filters, from the transmitter through channel to receiver. In contrast to legacy OFDM, where	the CP length is simply required to be larger than the channel impulse response, in GFDM the CP should in principle have a length
digital domain. Inspecting Figure 1.5, wherein the block-scheme of a GFDM transmitter is presented, it is seen that GFDM is a pure multicarrier scheme that transmits parallel data streams on carrier frequencies f1, f2, . . . , fK, which are not required to be contiguous. https://t.co/uOWZY1GNxQ
transmission on non-contiguous frequency bands with strict spectral mask constraints. Thanks to the use of the CP, it retains OFDM advantages in terms of robustness to multipath channels and ease of equalization, and may be efficiently implemented through signal processing in the
1.2.2 Generalized Frequency Division Multiplexing	GFDM is a generalized multicarrier modulation that is particularly attractive in scenarios with fragmented spectrum [13, 1]. Indeed one of its main features is its low level of OOB emissions, which makes it well suited for
Pingping Zong	Intel Corporation USA, 1 Crest Drive, Randolph, NJ, 07869, USA
Jianchi Zhu	China Telecom Technology Innovation Center, China, Room 1116, China Telecom Beijing Information Science &amp; Technology Innovation Park, Southern Zone of Future Science &amp; Technology City, Beiqijia Town, Changping District, Beijing, 102209, P.R. China
Nidal Zarifeh	University of Duisburg-Essen, Germany, Universität Duisburg-Essen, Digitale Signalverarbeitung, Bismarckstrasse 81, Gebäude BB 1011, D–47057 Duisburg, Germany
Yifei Yuan	ZTE Corporation China, 9 Royal Avenue, Livingston New Jersey, 07039, USA	Alessio Zappone	Dresden University of Technology, Germany, TU Dresden, Institut für Nachrichtentechnik, Lehrstuhl Theoretische Nachrichtentechnik, 01062 Dresden, Germany
Tongyang Xu	University College London UK, Department of Electronic &amp; Electrical Engineering, University College London, Torrington Place, London WC1E 7JE, UK	Yan Yan	University of Southern California, USA, 3740 McClintock Ave., EEB 500, Los Angeles, CA 90089-2565, USA
McClintock Ave., EEB 538, Los Angeles, CA 90089-2565, USA	Geng Wu	Intel Corporation USA, 3401 Spring Mountain Drive, PLANO, TX, 75025, USA	Guodong Xie	University of Southern California, USA, 3740 McClintock Ave., EEB 500, Los Angeles, CA 90089-2565, USA
Mikko Valkama	Tampere University of Technology, Finland, P.O. Box 692, FI-33101 Tampere, Finland	Fei Wang	China Mobile Research Institute, China, No.32 Xuanwumen West, Xicheng District, Beijing, China, 100091	Alan E. Willner	University of Southern California, USA, 3740
District, Beijing, China, 100091	Fredrik Tufvesson	Lund University Sweden, Dept. of Electrical and Information Technology, P.O. Box 118, SE-221 00 LUND, Sweden	Alessandro Ugolini	University of Parma Italy, viale delle Scienze 181/A, 43124 Parma, Italy
ECE Department, New Jersey Institute of Technology (NJIT), University Heights Newark NJ 07102, USA	Stelios Stefanatos	University of Piraeus, Greece, 150 Androutsou Street, Office 303, Piraeus-Greece	Hui Tong	China Mobile Research Institute, China, No.32 Xuanwumen West, Xicheng
Beijing, 102209, P.R. China	Min Soo Sim	Yonsei University Korea, Veritas Hall C325, 85 Songdogwahak-ro, Yeonsu-gu, Incheon, Korea	Pierre Siohan	Orange Labs, France, 4 rue du clos courtel, 35512, Cesson Sévigné, France	Osvaldo Simeone	New Jersey Institute of Technology, USA,
Israel, 773, Meyer Bldg., Haifa 32000, Israel	Xiaoming She	China Telecom Technology Innovation Center, China, Room 1116, China Telecom Beijing Information Science &amp; Technology Innovation Park, Southern Zone of Future Science &amp; Technology City, Beiqijia Town, Changping District,
Engineering, University of Wisconsin-Madison, 1415 Engineering Drive, Madison, WI 53706, USA	Keisuke Saito	NTT DOCOMO, INC. Japan, NTT DOCOMO R&amp;D Center, 3-6 Hikari-no-oka, Yokosuka-shi, Kanagawa, 239-8536, Japan	Shlomo Shamai (Shitz)	Technion–Israel Institute of Technology,
Yongxiong Ren	University of Southern California, USA, 3740 McClintock Ave., EEB 500, Los Angeles, CA 90089-2565, USA	Taneli Riihonen	Aalto University, Finland, P.O. Box 13000, FI-00076 AALTO, Finland	Akbar M. Sayeed	University of Wisconsin-Madison, USA, Electrical and Computer
01099 Dresden, Germany	Athanasios Panagopoulos	National Technical University of Athens, Greece, 9 Heroon Polytechneiou Street, Zographou Campus, GR15773, Attica-Greece	Yong Rao	National Instruments USA, 10140 Tularosa Pass, Austin TX 78726, USA
90089, USA	Takehiro Nakamura	NTT DOCOMO, INC. Japan, NTT DOCOMO R&amp;D Center, 3-6 Hikari-no-oka, Yokosuka-shi, Kanagawa, 239-8536, Japan	Karl Nieman	National Instruments USA, 1404 Stonethrow Way Austin, TX 78748, USA	Eckhard Ohlmer	National Instruments USA, Am Waldschloesschen 2,
Ireland, Electronic &amp; Electrical Engineering, Printing House, Trinity College, Dublin 2, Dublin, Ireland	Wes McCoy	National Instruments USA, 2909 Rabbits Tail Drive,Leander,TX 78641, USA	Andreas F. Molisch	University of Southern California,USA,3740 McClintock Ave, Los Angeles, CA
Guangyi Liu	China Mobile Research Institute, China, No.32 Xuanwumen West, Xicheng District, Beijing, China, 100091	Liang Liu	Lund University Sweden, Dept. of Electrical and Information Technology, P.O. Box 118, SE-221 00 LUND, Sweden	Nicola Marchetti	Trinity College Dublin,
No. 2 Kexueyuan South Road, Haidian District Beijing, 100190, China	Qian (Clara) Li	Intel Corporation USA, 3041 NW Ashford Circle, Hillsboro, OR, 97124, USA	Hao Lin	Orange Labs, France, 4 rue du clos courtel, 35512, Cesson Sévigné, France.
Gyeonggi-do, South Korea	Juho Lee	Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., Korean, Hyundai Apartment 728-1701, 366, Maeyeong-ro, Yeongtong-gu, Suwon-si, Gyeonggi-do 16701, Korea	Anxin Li	NTT DOCOMO, INC. Japan, DOCOMO Beijing Communications Laboratories, 7/F, Raycom Infotech Park Tower A,
Dani Korpi	Tampere University of Technology, Finland, P.O. Box 692, FI-33101 Tampere, Finland	Nikhil Kundargi	National Instruments USA, 3300 Wells Branch Parkway, Apt 2306, Austin, TX 78728, USA	Yongjun Kwak	Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., Korean, 90 Jinsan-ro, APT510-804, Yongin,
Jaeweon Kim	National Instruments USA, 11500 N. Mopac Expwy, Austin, TX 78759, USA	Yoshihisa Kishiyama	NTT DOCOMO, INC. Japan, NTT DOCOMO R&amp;D Center, 3-6 Hikari-no-oka, Yokosuka-shi, Kanagawa, 239-8536, Japan
EE714, N1 IT Covergence Building, 291 Daehak-ro, Yuseong-gu, Daejeon, 305-701, South Korea	DongKu Kim	Yonsei University Korea, C222, 3rd Engineering Building, School of EEE, Yonsei University, 50 Yonsei-Ro, Seadaemoon-Gu, Seoul, Korea
Jinkyu Kang	Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST), South Korea, EE714, N1 IT Covergence Building, 291 Daehak-ro, Yuseong-gu, Daejeon, 305-701, South Korea	Joonkhyuk Kang	Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST), South Korea,
Hyejung Jung	Intel Corporation USA, 574 W. Parkside Drive, Palatine, IL, 60067, USA	Thomas Kaiser	University of Duisburg-Essen, Germany, Universität Duisburg-Essen, Digitale Signalverarbeitung, Bismarckstrasse 81, Gebäude BB 1011, D–47057 Duisburg, Germany
Jing Jin	China Mobile Research Institute, China,No.32 Xuanwumen West,Xicheng District, Beijing, China, 100091	Eduard Jorswieck 	Dresden University of Technology, Germany, TU Dresden,Institut für Nachrichtentechnik, Lehrstuhl Theoretische Nachrichtentechnik, 01062 resden, Germany
China Mobile Research Institute, China, No.32 Xuanwumen West, Xicheng District, Beijing, China, 100091	Wei Jiang	University of Duisburg-Essen, Germany, Universität Duisburg-Essen, Digitale Signalverarbeitung, Bismarckstrasse 81, Gebäude BB 1011, D–47057 Duisburg, Germany
Engineering, University College London, Torrington Place, London WC1E 7JE, UK	Malik Gul	National Instruments USA, House # 231, Street # 4, Askari 11, Rawalpindi, Pakistan, 46000	Katsuyuki Haneda	Aalto University, Finland, P.O. Box 13000, FI-00076 AALTO, Finland	Xueying Hou
University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT 84112, USA	Antonis Gotsis	National Technical University of Athens, Greece, 9 Heroon Polytechneiou Street, Zographou Campus, GR15773, Attica-Greece	Ryan C Grammenos	University College London UK, Department of Electronic &amp; Electrical
Arman Farhang	Trinity College Dublin, Ireland, Electronic &amp; Electrical Engineering, Printing House, Trinity College, Dublin 2, Dublin, Ireland	Behrouz Farhang-Boroujeny	University of Utah, USA, Electrical and Computer Engineering Department,
Francesco Di Stasio	University of Cassino and Southern Lazio, Italy, via le conche 7, Sessa Aurunca (CE), 8137, Italy	Ove Edfors	Lund University Sweden, Dept. of Electrical and Information Technology, P.O. Box 118, SE-221 00 LUND, Sweden
Giulio Colavolpe	University of Parma Italy, viale delle Scienze 181/A, 43124 Parma, Italy	Izzat Darwazeh	University College London UK, Department of Electronic &amp; Electrical Engineering, University College London, Torrington Place, London WC1E 7JE, UK
Zone of Future Science &amp; Technology City, Beiqijia Town, Changping District, Beijing, 102209, P.R. China	MinKeun Chung	Yonsei University Korea, Veritas Hall C325, 85 Songdogwahak-ro, Yeonsu-gu, Incheon, Korea
Chan-Byoung Chae	Yonsei University Korea, Veritas Hall C309, 85 Songdogwahak-ro, Yeonsu-gu, Incheon, Korea	Peng Chen	China Telecom Technology Innovation Center, China, Room 1116, China Telecom Beijing Information Science &amp; Technology Innovation Park, Southern
John H. Brady	University of Wisconsin-Madison, USA, Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Wisconsin-Madison, 1415 Engineering Drive, Madison, WI 53706, USA	Stefano Buzzi	University of Cassino and Southern Lazio, Italy, Via G. Di Biasio, 43 -03043 Cassino (FR) –Italy
Ahsan Aziz	National Instruments USA, 11024 Steelton Cove, Austin, TX 78717, USA	Anass Benjebbour	NTT DOCOMO, INC. Japan, NTT DOCOMO R&amp;D Center, 3-6 Hikari-no-oka, Yokosuka-shi, Kanagawa, 239-8536, Japan
John B. Anderson	Lund University Sweden, Electrical and Information Technology (EIT), Lund University, Box 118, 22100 Lund, SWEDEN	Emilio Antonio-Rodriguez	Aalto University, Finland, P.O. Box 13000, FI-00076 AALTO, Finland
List of Contributors	Nisar Ahmed	University of Southern California, USA, 3740 McClintock Ave., EEB 500, Los Angeles, CA 90089-2565, USA	Angeliki Alexiou	University of Piraeus, Greece, 150 Androutsou Street, Office 303, Piraeus-Greece
https://t.co/eQgkYqxIdQ
https://t.co/VAOcD7g3QB
1.3 Waveform Choice 19	1.4 Discussion and Concluding Remarks 20	References 22
1.2.1 Filter-bank Multicarrier 7	1.2.2 Generalized Frequency Division Multiplexing 10	1.2.3 Bi-orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing 13	1.2.4 Universal Filtered Multicarrier 14	1.2.5 Time-frequency Packing 15	1.2.6 Single-carrier Schemes 18
1 An Introduction to Modulations and Waveforms for 5G Networks 3	Stefano Buzzi, Alessandro Ugolini, Alessio Zappone and Giulio Colavolpe	1.1 Motivation and Background 3	1.1.1 The LTE Solution: OFDM and SC-FDMA 6	1.2 New Modulation Formats: FBMC, GFDM, BFDM, UFMC and TFP 7
he was with Motorola from 2006 to 2007 working on 3GPP HSPA standards, and with Nokia Research Center from 2001 to 2006 working on IEEE 802.16e (WiMAX) standard and EDGE/CDMA algorithms. He received his Ph.D. degree from the University of Wisconsin, Madison.
Dr. Charlie (Jianzhong) Zhang, served 2009-2013 as the Vice Chairman of 3GPP RAN1 working group and led development of LTE and LTE-Advanced technologies such as 3D channel modeling, UL-MIMO and CoMP, Carrier Aggregation for TD-LTE, etc. Before joining Samsung,
He has published 5 books, more than 100 technical papers, and has 18 patents in these fields.  He was awarded the Fellowship by the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation of Germany.
He has 33 years of research and industry experience in signal processing, multimedia, communication and broadcasting with real-time implementation, applications and standardization and has gained international recognition.
From 2011 to 2012, he was the chairman of the IEEE Industry DSP Standing Committee and technical board member of the IEEE Signal Processing Society. He is now associate editor of the IEEE Access and IEEE Internet of Things Journal.
Dr. Fa-Long Luo is also an Affiliate Full Professor at the University of Washington.  	From 2007 to 2011, he was the founding editor-in-chief of the International Journal of Digital Multimedia Broadcasting.
Dr. Charlie (Jianzhong) Zhang, IEEE Fellow, Samsung Research America, USA	Vice President and head of the Standards and Research Lab with Samsung Research America, Dallas, where he leads research and standard efforts for 5G cellular systems and next generation multimedia networks.
Fa-Long Luo, IEEE Fellow, Element CXI, San Jose, California	Dr. Fa-Long Luo is an IEEE Fellow and the Chief Scientist of two leading international companies, headquartered in Silicon Valley, dealing with software-defined radio and wireless multimedia.
Editors	Fa-Long Luo, IEEE Fellow, Element CXI, San Jose, California	Charlie (Jianzhong) Zhang, IEEE Fellow, Samsung Research America, USA
1	An Introduction to Modulations and Waveforms for 5G Networks	Stefano Buzzi, Alessandro Ugolini, Alessio Zappone and Giulio Colavolpe https://t.co/BFnA089hAz
TOC	https://t.co/D25Edq5xYr
This additional filtering, together with the IFFT/FFT operation, forms a synthesis-analysis filter-bank structure, where the prototype filter is designed to significantly suppress ISI.
at the transmit and receive side, besides the IFFT/FFT blocks. This is done by filtering each output of the FFT by a frequency-shifted version of a lowpass filter p(t), termed a “prototype” filter.
The approach used by FBMC to overcome this issue is to keep the symbol duration unaltered, thereby avoiding the introduction of any time overhead, and to cope with the overlap among adjacent multicarrier symbols in the time domain by adding an additional filtering
This enables the preservation of traditional transceiver implementations by IFTT and FFT operations, but introduces a time overhead in	the communication, resulting into a loss of spectral efficiency.
plain orthogonal multicarrier modulation formats are not able tomaintain orthogonality due to ISI among consecutivemulticarrier symbols. The traditional approach in OFDM to counter this issue is to introduce a CP longer	than the time spread introduced by the channel.
1.2 New Modulation Formats: FBMC, GFDM, BFDM, UFMC and TFP 	We now review some of the modulation schemes that are being considered for adoption in future 5G wireless networks.	1.2.1 Filter-bank Multicarrier (ed. FBMC)	As is well-known, in the presence of multi-path channels,
Due to the U-points FFT operation, the SC-FDMA strategy exhibits a PAPR smaller than that of pure OFDMA, since the transmitted signal is basically equivalent to an oversampled single-carrier signal.
the active users must transmit synchronously so that the base station receiver is able to simultaneously collect the data from the users that are using the K available subcarriers.
subcarriers that are not assigned to the th user, and the th user data at the remaining U positions. The K-dimensional block is passed through the IFFT block, then a CP is added and, after upconversion, signal transmission	happens. Note that, according to the OFDMA principle,
in the current resource slot, a block of U QAM symbols is FFTed and mapped onto the assigned subcarriers. At the output of the “subcarrier mapping” block, the “zero padding” block forms a vector of K elements, containing	zero values at the positions corresponding to the K − U
a slightly different version of OFDM. 	LTE Uplink:	Figure 1.2 depicts the typical SC-FDMA transmission scheme implemented in	the generic th user mobile device. Letting U denote the number of subcarriers (out of the available K) that have been assigned to the th user https://t.co/LjN7qBngkM
expensive amplifiers at the transmitter (i.e. at the base station), this is not the case in the uplink, where the transmitter is a small mass-market mobile device. Accordingly, the modulation and multiple-access strategy used in the uplink of LTE is the so-called SC-FDMA strategy
Despite its simplicity and the aforementioned immunity to multipath distortion, OFDM has some key drawbacks and among these one of the most severe is the large PAPR, which requires amplifiers with an extended linearity range. While in the downlink we can usually afford to have
is included in the data block, which is then sent to a single-carrier modulator for transmission. After propagation through the channel, the CP is removed, and the block of K observables is passed through an FFT transformation.
A block of K QAM symbols (s(1), s(2), . . . , s(K)) is mapped onto the available K subcarriers and then IFFT is performed. After the IFFT, the CP, whose length must be larger than the channel impulse response duration,
LTE Downlink:	OFDM is an orthogonal block transmission scheme which, in ideal conditions, is not affected by intercarrier interference and intersymbol interference	(ISI). Figure 1.1 shows a block scheme for the OFDM modem. https://t.co/tIzubvnHne
1.1.1 The LTE Solution: OFDM and SC-FDMA	The current 4G standard, the LTE system, is based on the use of the OFDM modulation for the downlink and of the single-carrier frequency division multiple access (SC-FDMA) technique for the uplink [4].
Signal Processing for 5G: Algorithms and Implementations	Fa-Long Luo (Editor), Charlie Jianzhong Zhang (Editor)		ISBN: 978-1-119-11646-2 October 2016 Wiley-IEEE Press 610 Pages		https://t.co/v6CoK41vSb
https://t.co/BK0KmwlKpu
https://t.co/FLmdD2f1nD
Persistent public protests forcing the president to open a formal public debate for two months. France, our eyes are on you, winning in ballot box and executing reforms vs people (to what proportion?) having violent objections to the executive decisions. 	https://t.co/nlV3ILUEws
Please re-read your tweet below. You said the article of Guardian does not once mention "torture". In another tweet you quoted the same article, you tweeted the same sentence from it as I did. 	You should take up with Guardian not me, because we both tweeted a sentence from it. https://t.co/YhBP6N0PO2
@alankurtzpro Was it true Mister when you said the article did not contain the word "torture", no because you provided the the word in the original article yourself. You disproved yourself.	Is it true that I was a follower of a person about whom I just passed a press article? No it is not.
https://t.co/phsb5vR6Lo
https://t.co/SMUh9HWiF5
RT @NASAJPL: Calling all teachers &amp; parents: The last total lunar eclipse till 2021 is coming up on Jan. 20/21. Here’s how to share it with…
@alankurtzpro Truth, only God knows. Propaganda, how about just paying attention to one human soul and through her trying to feel human drama. Truth usually has the tendency to be elusive. It is when some brave souls take risk we get a glimpse of it.
https://t.co/WkfXLjo84v
https://t.co/irtBndN1DW
https://t.co/cO0YNOY7wM
Google launches new accelerator program for artificial intelligence, machine learning startups https://t.co/lCbJG4QomN via @technacity
https://t.co/Nl8bvJSO6r
https://t.co/FTN9vt2sMN
https://t.co/phsb5w8I9Y
https://t.co/QjG80Z9TMF
https://t.co/1ajObkAPm2
Prof.Dr. Celal Şengör 14.05.2014 Ateizm-Din-Tarih-Bilim ve Gerçekler https://t.co/SYR3U1Nk3V via @YouTube
https://t.co/dX6wJU2pA5
https://t.co/pb3rfB16Rm
https://t.co/nhtYndXBYK
https://t.co/kryzQMKTI3
https://t.co/WWviovN7yY
https://t.co/mnSs7Fjhev
https://t.co/fHF4lV79RI
https://t.co/puBW9mbihU
https://t.co/UjrJ6cfODn
https://t.co/Ld9g5GYtNL
https://t.co/zBo9fTzd18
https://t.co/g0s98GCGzU
https://t.co/BkrkGXJ3NC
https://t.co/X5T8ZZMeqy
https://t.co/nwo486JrgA
https://t.co/Ar7CsCVjzD
https://t.co/Xe2OVjBSLq
https://t.co/jSief6xlM5
https://t.co/mT5bOKbnLt
https://t.co/j5uWAfoB5A
https://t.co/fZEIccYvh0
https://t.co/sFrY0Wur87
@alankurtzpro @carolecadwalla @Edpilkington @guardian Again thanks Alan, I think I understand your sensitivity about that one word. I invite you to also be sensitive not to call "confused" or "follower" because what is done is just to quote a press article. You should take it with the press your concerns. I am the wrong address.
How to save your privacy from the Internet's clutches https://t.co/XDTgoZVuZu via @techcrunch
Headline plot of	U.S. Venture Capital Funding Reaches Dot-Com Era Level https://t.co/f5oMAabkPA
@alankurtzpro @carolecadwalla @Edpilkington try expanding an insert in the article with a title of "Timeline" by clicking on "Show" button.		Timeline	Chelsea Manning's long journey to freedom		Show
FDA Tackles Artificial Intelligence with New Software Review Plan https://t.co/7pIhukYPyH
PPP = purchasing power parity which is a fair normalization of GDP for equating currency and trade imbalances. After all the globalization nirvana is not achieved, as we are in era of renewed protectionism. https://t.co/q8GwEkhX72
https://t.co/x43HtxcaPR
@EARijshouwer @WikiResearch congrats! an important study for human civilization.
RT @EARijshouwer: Succesfully defended my PhD thesis "Organizing Democracy; Power concentration and self-organizing bureaucratization in th…
DataRobot raises $100 million in Series D funding to expand its product portfolio and support global operations https://t.co/9KpMthfuBw
ZipRecruiter picks up $156M, now at a $1B valuation, for its AI-based job-finding marketplace https://t.co/M9kpJeNtV6 via @techcrunch
Tanium Asset Essentials https://t.co/FEpkyTP8ZP via @YouTube
The top 10 competitors in Tanium's competitive set are CrowdStrike, Cylance, FireEye, ForeScout Technologies, Cybereason, Tenable, Resolution1 Security, Carbon Black, Endgame and Malwarebytes. Together they have raised over 3.4B between their estimated 8.9K employees.
https://t.co/RnfVlTUCQw
https://t.co/hIuM8Y88Uf
RPA on the Go! https://t.co/gNHtoSs4OF
Automation Anywhere raises $300 million from SoftBank’s Vision Fund https://t.co/LG4BpXxZrc via @VentureBeat
https://t.co/EBpX9VG2il
Zymergen Announces $400 Million in Series C Funding led by the SoftBank Vision Fund https://t.co/Ez8Fql6vOP
Capital Management, Baillie Gifford	&amp; Co., Wellington Management	4. ZipRecruiter Santa Monica, CA 	Internet Software	$156M Institutional Venture Partners, Wellington	Management	5. DataRobot Boston, MA	Internet Software $100M	DFJ Growth Fund, Intel Capital, New Enterprise Assoc.
AI: Largest US deals of Q4’18	1. Zymergen Emeryville, CA	Healthcare 	$400M Data Collective, SoftBank Group, True	Ventures, Two Sigma Ventures	2. Automation Anywhere San Jose, CA	Scient., Eng. Software 	$300M SoftBank Group	3. Tanium Emeryville, CA	Security Software 	$200M Adage https://t.co/sEpf7EwCzP
PwC | CB Insights MoneyTree™ Report Q4 2018 p23	AI: Top states by deals	53 deals	$1,917M Invested	1. CA	13 deals	$247M Invested	10 deals	$110M Invested	3 deals	$10M Invested	3 deals	$9M Invested	2. MA	3. NY	4. TX	4. WA https://t.co/WINjprUi6A
AI: US quarterly funding	AI-related deal activity falls in Q4’18 for the second-straight quarter	• Funding and deal activity in the AI space fell in Q4’18.	• Nearly $2.4B was raised over 93 deals, compared to $2.7B over 98 deals in Q3’18. https://t.co/mwt772PTIJ
AI-related funding jumps sharply after increasing every year since 2013	• AI-related companies raised $9.3B in 2018, a 72% increase compared to 2017.	• Deal activity dipped to 466 from 533 in 2017, after increasing for four years. https://t.co/hJdDj1Uwyt
https://t.co/hTKMyI82ai
https://t.co/v2Sc8mCbbn
https://t.co/A0UmeGYFyo
https://t.co/yHwJduDiLu
@alankurtzpro @Edpilkington thanks for the info Alan. My tweet is sourced from the article at the top of the tweet chain: 	https://t.co/74VxlLvEis
So do you think it could be possible to savior these accounts? 	@ahmetkirac (not this but the original one)	@twanchor - does not exist anymore.	What are the legalities say about this? @TheGDPR ??	Am I entitled to those accounts, or at least the contents in them?
Both have significant value for me in that, first holds all my personal stuff, the second holds many automated techniques for breaking news just like your traditional news anchor would do. It would tweet from around the globe, the breaking news of importance to the people.
@ahmetkirac had my original account from the first days of Twitter back in early 2007 and @twanchor as a later account while I was at EMC (now @DellEMC) for an experimental work on new anchoring (#news #anchor #journalism ) using twitter: it was short for Twitter Anchor.
I even wrote to @jack asking him to help me to at least recover my tweets and follow lists, but no answer. So when the tools are at internet scale and when ML is in charge of support how do you really get to connect with a real person to explain that your situation is unique?
The problem was that by the time I wanted to re-activate the accounts, it was beyond 1 month grace period for deleting them! I was upset. I wrote to @TwitterSupport but the machine in charge of that did not yet understood my particular problem.
I then tried to re-activate Twitter accounts, as I noticed that this machine learning practical tools are starting to make an impact on utilizing social media, both increasing the content (map) and reducing it to your interests (reduce) and utilizing it (analytics).
I stayed with LinkedIn to continue to nurture my appetite for networking and learning, and expand my horizons. It was hard to ignore the industry trends of data science, machine learning, artificial intelligence as they were appearing everywhere for everyone.
right around the early days of Twitter I opened two accounts, one had the same username as I have today, @ahmetkirac and the other was @twanchor . I have inactivated both last summer as privacy concerns were peaking then and Twitter was becoming noisier every passing day.
and finally, yes, the medium:	https://t.co/jBJxPqXJ8C
https://t.co/9gZl9MX2T6
https://t.co/Wx4ipE7uiS
https://t.co/LLAqUZYnuE
https://t.co/yLR0KleRSw
https://t.co/VkyedUpjN4
https://t.co/k9dhTU822Y
https://t.co/3vUFI5ibBC
@koehrsen_will at https://t.co/OhuMxmPBtg
@koehrsen_will at https://t.co/hrv2lD9jzS
Data Science Trends in 2019 https://t.co/5xDE4fPIFY
Top 5 Technology Trends to Track in 2019 https://t.co/0d8ckWbo2z
The Future of Data is Connected and Open Minded https://t.co/TG3RtFzpIj
@koehrsen_will at https://t.co/qIdaINgjtp
RT @koehrsen_will: Since free data science books are the best books, here's one of the best. The Python Data Science Handbook by @jakevdp…
How To Use Twitter to Learn Data Science (or anything)  via @becomingdatasci https://t.co/5wkgUUXE3M
#ak_aibooks #aibooks https://t.co/zjEqPKt9Dm
#ak_aitools #ak_aitutorials #aitools #aitutorials
https://t.co/o9kqkgv1ZO
Hands-on Deep Learning experiment with a free ai framework (Tensorflow and GPUs) thanks to Google Colab!	https://t.co/edqPnVv5zO
@LeaderGPU neat. how about comparing these results with those obtained elsewhere for the same or similar system or for alternative systems? and a context for comparison.
#ak_aitools #ak_aitutorials #aitools #aitutorials https://t.co/BV6DSX1vTq
#ak_aibooks #aibooks https://t.co/j5uWAfoB5A
#ak_aibooks #aibooks https://t.co/Q2R8lkLiu1
@mcowger like this one?	https://t.co/04FDCmbtFV
RT @dataiku: We are very proud to announce our $101 million Series C funding round led by ICONIQ Capital to continue and expand our mission…
RT @LightOnIO: “In addition to the 430 current hyperscale datacentres, we have visibility of a further 132 that are at various stages of pl…
RT @LightOnIO: Forward we go !		@LightOnIO raises $3.3M to build a new computing paradigm for Artificial Intelligence  		https://t.co/Kkcmz…
It’s a fascination Manning shares with Assange. With Dehaye. With the keepers of secrets and the leakers of secrets.  But for a moment, there’s a glimpse of another Manning. A private individual with a private life doing nerdy things with numbers.
most animated I’ve seen her. “They’re magical, impossible to predict, you can’t build an algorithm to detect them, but they’re in nature. Nature understands prime numbers.” They’re also, she points out, important in cryptography. To secrets. They underpin encryption technology.
It was on the Riemann hypothesis – an unsolved theorem about the distribution of prime numbers – and though we’ve just been discussing how exhausted she is after a 14-hour day, her eyes light up. “That was such an important book to me! I’m obsessed with prime numbers.” It’s the
While waiting to go on stage to host a Q&amp;A session at the ICA, I tell her that a friend of mine, Paul-Olivier Dehaye, a Swiss mathematician who paved the way in investigating Cambridge Analytica, sent her a book in prison.
Chelsea Manning speaks at an anti-fracking rally in Baltimore last April. Photograph: Patrick Semansky/AP https://t.co/lM8LT58YO5
I’ve started to think of algorithms as primitive living entities. When I work with neural networks I get this chilling feeling. They’re acting like inorganic life forms.”
At the same time, she offers a chilling vision of where we’re heading with artificial intelligence, of systems that are already beyond our control.	“There is something really deep going on inside machine-learning systems, especially neural network-type machine learning…
It slightly amazes me that there haven’t been more whistleblowers from inside the tech industry, I say. “That will change,” Manning says. She believes the tech community, the developers, will recognise their power, their responsibility.
Just as trans issues now have “more visibility. But visibility is not the same as equality.” We know what’s going on, she says, in politics, in technology. We’re just not doing enough about it.
Manning doesn’t like the word “whistleblower”. It makes political change seem like an exclusive club, she says. She wants everyone “to realise they have political agency”. The problem the world has now, she says, “is not an information problem, it’s an action problem”.
just how alone she was. It took a year for me to get Christopher Wylie on the record to talk about Cambridge Analytica, I tell her, partly because it was a matter of finding the right support for him, whereas she undertook this incredibly bold and brave move entirely alone.
But when I was presenting as male, I was still very feminine so there was always that issue that I was never good enough. I was never male enough to be widely accepted. And now that I’m presenting as female the same issues are there.”	It’s striking, I say, reading the Lamo logs,
which turned out to include a pair of Reuters journalists. “I don’t know,” she told Lamo. “I’m just weird I guess. I can’t separate myself, others. I feel connected to everybody… like they were distant family. I… care?”	“I’m trans. I was trans before and I’m trans now.
In their chat, she refers to watching the video that she leaked to WikiLeaks, which WikiLeaks in turn released to the world under the title “Collateral Murder”, that shows a bird’s-eye view of US soldiers shooting a group of Iraqis,
https://t.co/NJ2hkerIPL
the material was reclassified after the trial – but they’re a compelling read, especially with the knowledge that, unknown to her, Lamo was working with the FBI and would later turn her in.
There’s a record of her mental state at the time in the logs of chats that she had with a hacker, Adrian Lamo, whom she met on an online forum. They were later published in Wired magazine, though she can’t confirm these conversations or talk about them for legal reasons –
I saw these local activists in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, pull down a Confederate statue and it was the most fucking inspiring moment in my life to say the least.” They didn’t wait for permission, she says. And “by going outside the bounds, they changed the conversation”.
She campaigned in a Senate race last year but she also favours Malcolm X-style direct action, up to and including breaking the law.	“I am there to stand in support of folks whenever they go out there and protest.
She calls it the “whirling death machine”, a “nationalist authoritarian regime” that has only speeded up under Trump. And she believes the solution won’t necessarily come through the ballot box.
America’s problems are way bigger than Trump, she says. “All these systems, our court system, our military, our prison system, the intelligence apparatus, have all been going through this buildup, buildup, buildup over several decades.”
She changed her name to Chelsea and decided to live outwardly as a woman the day after she was sentenced to 35 years in another hyper-macho environment – a male prison. Another rupture.
Later, she plunged herself into one of the most hyper-macho environments imaginable – an army unit in a war zone – just as her discomfort at her outward appearance as a man was becoming unbearable.
Manning has lived more lives than most and she’s still only 30. Her aunt painted a brutal picture of childhood isolation and neglect at her trial – her parents had problems with alcohol, her mother with a history of psychiatric problems.
16 May 2017	Manning is freed from Fort Leavenworth in Kansas. “Whatever is ahead of me, is far more important than the past,” she says in her first comment as a free woman.
The next day she announces through her lawyer that she is transgender and wishes to be known as Chelsea Manning.	17 January 2017	Barack Obama commutes Manning’s sentence and sets the date of her release.
29 July 2013	Manning is cleared of “aiding the enemy”, the most serious charge, but is found guilty of a total of 20 counts, including several under the Espionage Act.	20 August 2013	Manning is sentenced to 35 years.
28 February 2013	Manning pleads guilty to leaking military information, but not guilty to 12 of the most serious charges, including “aiding the enemy”.	2 June 2013	Manning’s court martial begins at Fort Meade, Maryland.
23 April 2011	The Guantánamo files are released by the Guardian and the New York Times, containing the US’s secret assessments of detainees at the US base in Cuba.-	6 December 2011	Manning’s first pre-trial hearing begins.
28 November 2010	250,000 US embassy cables are published by the Guardian and other international outlets, revealing what diplomats really think about their postings and exposing widespread corruption in regimes across the Middle East.
The UN later denounces her conditions as a form of torture.	21 October 2010	The Iraq war logs are published, detailing civilian deaths, torture, summary executions and war crimes in what Manning summed up as the “true nature of 21st-century asymmetric warfare”.
24 July 2010	A series of reports on the Afghanistan war, based on US military internal logs, are published by the Guardian, the New York Times and other media groups.	28 July 2010	Manning is moved to Quantico in the US, where she is held in a solitary cell for 23 hours a day.
and transferred four days later to Camp Arifjan in Kuwait. While being held in Kuwait, she is found with a sheet that she has fashioned into a noose, having had suicidal thoughts.	4 June 2010	Manning is charged with leaking classified information.
31 March 2010	WikiLeaks posts a video of Iraqi civilians and journalists being killed by a US helicopter gunship some time in July 2007, publishing it under the title Collateral Murder.	26 May 2010	Manning is arrested at Forward Operating Base Hammer outside Baghdad,
1 November 2009	Manning makes contact with WikiLeaks for the first time after it leaked 570,000 pager messages from 9/11.	1 January 2010	Manning uploads the Iraq and Afghanistan war logs to the WikiLeaks portal from a Barnes &amp; Noble store in Maryland while on leave.
30 September 2009	Manning is sent to Iraq, where she works as an intelligence analyst at a US army base outside Baghdad. In that role, she is given access to top secret intelligence databases.
She returns to the US to live with her father in 2005. 	30 September 2007	At 19, Manning joins the US army. Her father, Brian, had served in the US Navy as an intelligence analyst.
17 December 1987	Bradley Manning is born in Crescent, Oklahoma, to an American father and Welsh mother.	1 November 2001	Manning and her mother move to Haverfordwest in Wales after her parents’ divorce. The teenager shows an aptitude for computers at school.
Free VPN App Investigation: Chinese Ownership, Secretive Companies &amp; Weak Privacy https://t.co/qyToZfG9ln
These findings also raise important questions as to why China allows these companies to operate in defiance of its strict laws prohibiting the use of VPN software, and with whom this data is shared once it is received.
Despite their opacity, these companies were able to gain credibility in the eyes of unwitting consumers by virtue of being approved by Apple and Google for listing in their app stores.
https://t.co/WkfXLjo84v
https://t.co/197jJXFxFF
How to save your privacy from the Internet's clutches https://t.co/XDTgoZVuZu via @techcrunch
Westwood shocks the audience, a well-heeled, gender-fluid art crowd, by referring a number of times – sincerely, but forgetfully – to Chelsea by her previous name. “He was my hero,” she says as hostility ripples through the audience and people shout: “It’s Chelsea!”
It’s another jump cut for Manning. From a cage in the Kuwaiti desert, where she was exfiltrated after being caught while serving in Iraq, to the ICA’s Nash-designed villa a few hundred yards from Buckingham Palace.
It seems unlikely that Manning’s trip to London last week will have made any of this any clearer. Stefan Kalmár, the ICA’s newish, politically minded director, had invited her to London to give a talk and be the guest of honour at a fundraising dinner hosted by Vivienne Westwood.
How she was caught, court martialled and sentenced to 35 years in prison. And how, in one of Barack Obama’s last acts as president, she was suddenly and unexpectedly granted clemency last year and freed.
How in 2010, then aged 22 and presenting as male, she downloaded and leaked, via Julian Assange’s WikiLeaks, 750,000 classified and sensitive documents that revealed America’s secret diplomatic cables and Iraqi and Afghanistan war logs. https://t.co/IxyvJOzsEp
Whenever people are advocating for or alluding to ethnic cleansing, any time you’re discussing the possibility of an entire group being suppressed, or removed from society, that is violence.”
Isn’t this like advocating for armed revolution? I ask. For civil unrest?		“Well, I mean violent acts are happening to us all the time. It’s a question of self-defence…
“Law and order is already broken down. That’s why there’s unrest. Whenever you have authoritarian power, centralised power that ends up affecting millions of people, you’ve already had a system breakdown.”
‘I spent seven years fighting to survive’: Chelsea Manning on whistleblowing and WikiLeaks https://t.co/PHVGLjGLX2
Revealed: 50 million Facebook profiles harvested for Cambridge Analytica in major data breach https://t.co/iKnlFlO5i3
https://t.co/vkIIwl6mc4
11:29	if you want to fundamentally change society you first have to break it it's only when you break it is when you can remould the pieces into your vision of a new of a new society
10:12	web sites will be created blogs will be created  whatever it is that we think this target profile will be receptive to we will create content on the internet for them to find and then they see that and they click it
and then how many times do we need to touch you that in order to change how you how you think about something
09:30:	we would know we would know what kinds of messaging you would be susceptible to including the framing of it the topics the contents the tone whether it's scary or not that kind of thing so what you would be susceptible to and and where you're going to consume that
transcript at 08:40:	"tens of millions upwards of 50 million profiles were collected in a two or three month period"
transcript at 07:30:	"if you were a friend of somebody who used the app you would have no idea that I've just pulled all of your data it was almost everything that would be on a on a Facebook profile so that was things like status updates likes in some cases private messages"
https://t.co/3nO1G6PfEI
https://t.co/lAfrvxv4BT
https://t.co/xjk4v2aP3d
https://t.co/i8UaXQ3PUu
https://t.co/W84yowpnAr
https://t.co/Tvh3QBe9F0
Cambridge Analytica whistleblower: 'We spent $1m harvesting millions of ... https://t.co/kdvZTehws3 via @YouTube
The U.S. Government Has Amassed Terabytes of Internal WikiLeaks Data https://t.co/GfTMCZTxxR via @gizmodo
Attendees will gain an understanding of the first open commercial silicon photonic process and PDK-based design flow. They will also have the unique opportunity for hands on experience with the latest EPDA design tools, and the methodology to develop a LiDAR design.
https://t.co/cja9Qtfl6B
here are some references for those who want to go deeper in Neural Machine Translation (NMT), and open source projects to get your hands dirty in automatic language translation using sequence-to-sequence models, sequence-attention models, etc. https://t.co/lSWJZdv0iC
This screenshot is from the amazon transcribe deep dive using feedback loops to improve confidence level. 	Yes, it does say Amazon Mechanical Turk, a term I encounter the first time in AI ML context. What a complement to your Turkish customers Amazon! https://t.co/tJrCZtqFeX
Presenter: Shijaz Abdulla of Amazon Middle East https://t.co/PxOODklSNW
Links of resources if you want to do this yourself step by step instructions by the presenter at his blog: https://t.co/g8OALcjuIp 	Note the ML intelligence (AI) is serviced by AWS, see architecture in prev tweet. https://t.co/WaWGTvwpkP
https://t.co/PLORvHjxx3
Amazon Training Free Courses but the Labs	Data Scientist Path https://t.co/KlkiUd5qHV
RT @NobelPrize: Marie Curie in conversation with French physicist Henri Poincaré, Max Planck in the back and to the left Albert Einstein. T…
https://t.co/uws3RpzhIj
https://t.co/Sg4ZwLHDjN
https://t.co/59KwJVASYU
https://t.co/o7tleozDxk
https://t.co/uxiAHONjDo
https://t.co/irtBndN1DW
Alexa vs Google Home Mini https://t.co/NMMsmoGLFa
gchq of uk https://t.co/FlLWCp1PnZ
https://t.co/H9OJSJKc0w
https://t.co/eP6ydAZPbO
statistics on wikipedia edits https://t.co/bb8xvJgPcz
https://t.co/tA6lxZ42ao
https://t.co/LIajxbyYg3
https://t.co/RCK424Vi6P
https://t.co/WnLg45Frnz
https://t.co/ohiwRAysoG
https://t.co/8UwlA213ZU
https://t.co/9WqnIaAgwp
https://t.co/tHVH65fCCW
https://t.co/HIIgN2MXXU
https://t.co/tgkYwxf3NG
https://t.co/2SE3EyTKd7
https://t.co/l7glDlkHcW
https://t.co/wRgO2yGeeM
https://t.co/UrUQqg3eDp
https://t.co/xdrQikh5oI
A Look at the Race to Win the AI Chip Sector	https://t.co/wGl6jZTC6N
https://t.co/bRmFm0tzSw
https://t.co/kocSB38IKV
https://t.co/JUoP9Bp1tW
20 of Europe’s most innovative hardware and IoT start-ups https://t.co/dGkZBWai2X via @siliconrepublic
https://t.co/LylQyOcpT1
https://t.co/fm7UVBQXh2
https://t.co/MEH09mED2T
https://t.co/UUhHCPqDlr
https://t.co/cO0YNOY7wM
Google launches new accelerator program for artificial intelligence, machine learning startups https://t.co/lCbJG4QomN via @technacity
Former Apple lead &amp; Tesla Autopilot head Chris Lattner joining Google Brain to democratize AI https://t.co/EkBvSMosXz via @technacity
A fantastic Google equity-free supported startup DrOmnibus from Poland on ABA therapy and education for children using AI. Put the tech to serve the humanity at the deepest sense. Hope to see more of this techers!		https://t.co/GIOtPOS0Sg
https://t.co/mFLJeZ7lCX
Ubiquity6 was founded in 2017 by alums from Metamind, Facebook, Tesla, Twitter and Stanford who believe that spatial computing can bring people together in valuable new ways. https://t.co/ISd2BOHJri
@ChanceHMiller Chance, can you direct msg me please?
NVIDIA To Officially Support VESA Adaptive Sync (FreeSync) Under “G-Sync Compatible” Branding https://t.co/wqZVdE6j2b
Nvidia DLSS: An Early Investigation https://t.co/uBI5ysCdsX
https://t.co/pcezwt6dnO
Turing Architecture https://t.co/mVNzRZVH2G
https://t.co/WWbi7ckRp5
https://t.co/VVk77RxAd6
look at the power geoforce laptop has https://t.co/faerB87333
use cases https://t.co/oMACYlaZfu
8M gaming broadcasters! https://t.co/YnT4tDKy2y
Thanks Jensen Huang for a mention of OBS:	https://t.co/PWxk25QeCw
G-Sync Ultimate Monitor TV s from Asus, HP, and Acer https://t.co/xw7aWiPNto
We have a memory on G-Sync launch back in 2013, pc graphics boys (yeap, Gabe is the missing guy) Jensen Huang, Tim Sweeney, Johan Andersson, John Carmack: 		https://t.co/ax1LajACGC
what a beast! https://t.co/gfKmFtYR2A
free games with it! https://t.co/gAv6oZU9DB
https://t.co/SlZ5wkQdnI
first things first :)
BEST PERFORMANCE BY A SUPPORTING ACTOR IN A TELEVISION LIMITED SERIES OR FILM MADE FOR TELEVISION: Ben Wishaw, for A Very English Scandal	BEST PERFORMANCE BY A SUPPORTING ACTRESS IN A TELEVISION LIMITED SERIES OR FILM MADE FOR TELEVISION: Patricia Clarkson, for Sharp Objects
BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTOR IN A TELEVISION LIMITED SERIES OR FILM MADE FOR TELEVISION: Darren Criss, forThe Assassination of Gianni Versace
BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTOR IN A TELEVISION SERIES – MUSICAL OR COMEDY: Michael Douglas, for The Kominsky Method		BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTRESS IN A TELEVISION LIMITED SERIES OR FILM MADE FOR TELEVISION: Patricia Arquette, for Escape from Dannemora
BEST TELEVISION SERIES – MUSICAL OR COMEDY- The Kominsky Method		BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTRESS IN A TELEVISION SERIES – MUSICAL OR COMEDY: Rachel Monahan, for The Marvelous Mrs Maisel
BEST TELEVISION SERIES – DRAMA: The Americans		BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTRESS IN A TELEVISION SERIES – DRAMA:  Sandra Oh, for Killing Eve		BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTOR IN A TELEVISION SERIES – DRAMA: Richard Madden, for Bodyguard
BEST DIRECTOR – MOTION PICTURE: Alfonso Cuarón, for Roma		BEST SCREENPLAY – MOTION PICTURE: Green Book		BEST ORIGINAL SCORE – MOTION PICTURE: Justin Hurwitz, First Man		BEST ORIGINAL SONG – MOTION PICTURE : “Shallow”, from A Star is Born
BEST MOTION PICTURE – FOREIGN LANGUAGE : Roma, director Alfonso Cuarón, Mexico.		BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTRESS IN A SUPPORTING ROLE IN ANY MOTION PICTURE: Regina King		BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTOR  IN A SUPPORTING ROLE IN ANY MOTION PICTURE: Mahershala Ali, for Green Book
BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTRESS IN A MOTION PICTURE – MUSICAL OR COMEDY: Olivia Colman, for The Favorite		BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTOR IN A MOTION PICTURE – MUSICAL OR COMEDY: Christian Bale, for Vice		BEST MOTION PICTURE – ANIMATED : Spider Man: Into the Spider-Verse
BEST MOTION PICTURE – DRAMA: Bohemian Rhapsody		BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTRESS IN A MOTION PICTURE – DRAMA: Glenn Close		BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTOR IN A MOTION PICTURE – DRAMA: Rami Malek, for Bohemian Rhapsody		BEST MOTION PICTURE – MUSICAL OR COMEDY : Green Book
BEST MOTION PICTURE – ANIMATED : Spider Man: Into the Spider-Verse
https://t.co/4f1KPeH6EA
https://t.co/scBsfnLAIJ
https://t.co/zBHsRTL6vp
https://t.co/KmHr2zVBdV
https://t.co/AxkEGfolYH
https://t.co/VwRvMPnzTa
@goldenglobes @MoetUSA https://t.co/IM4mNZsY9F
RT @goldenglobes: Pop a bottle of @moetusa for the 76th Annual #GoldenGlobes Red Carpet! Raise a glass with us TOMORROW during Hollywood's…
https://t.co/IM4mNZsY9F
https://t.co/CFux3wHxJu
Let The AI Benchmark Wars Begin! https://t.co/YY9BYQ57Cp via @semiwiki
Let The AI Benchmark Wars Begin! https://t.co/YY9BYQ57Cp via @semiwiki
Samsung vs TSMC 7nm Update https://t.co/bYZtn8wEOr via @semiwiki
https://t.co/e34uO2ESOV
The winner comes from OPPO:	OnePlus. Yes it is Chinese. No it is not low quality. Yes it has the best tech and sw integration.  	https://t.co/H9XagRZbN9
@Apple https://t.co/rwk8nrB1TG	compare and contrast	pros cons	sorry to spoil the ad!
RT @fabiomoioli: A great lesson for many “politicians” (and for some managers as well), especially for those always speaking as if they kne…
RT @CGTNOfficial: #China's Chang'e-4 probe sends back world's first close shot of moon's far side after historic soft landing on uncharted…
https://t.co/hZpshg5ljD
How the Government Hides Secret Surveillance Programs https://t.co/FionBSlC66
Why Are We So Surprised by Facebook’s Data Scandals? https://t.co/Q3M523anei via @WIRED
RT @jas_np: Amazon sent private #Alexa voice interactions from Echo smart speaker to the wrong customer https://t.co/GaB1UMuPX0 via @techre…
@Hurriyet @ArmanAyse Kadın istismarı çok kötü. Tebrikler sesi oldunuz @ArmanAyse. Ya çocuk istismarı? Çok daha kötü değil mi? Çünkü kendi başına bi yerden yardım alamaz. Hele çocuk cinsel istismarı denilince akan sular durur. Durmuyor desem istismarcı kadın olursa? Bir anne ise. Çocuğun sesi olmuyor.
So, Trump did stop tweeting and did something very useful. Funding for Quantum Computing, or Quantum Information Systems. After all, he did listen to people's Christmas wishes for being quite on this day on twitter. Nice way of being quite doing something good. Finally!
https://t.co/PYk3wQueZR
@NASAJPL @NASAInSight @HiRISE what is taking these images?