Good evening madam
@sushmitadevmp @MahilaCongress @IYC @ChitraSarwara @srinivasiyc @RahulGandhi Whour you medam
https://t.co/JVXsgK5Vs4
The Advent of Europeans Portuguese, Vasco da Gama reached Calicut on May 17,https://t.co/hA0b7F4O0J that time Calicut was ruled by a king named zamorin. Governor of Portuguese in India was Francisco Almeida.
Cricket world cup, the first cricket world cup was organised in England in 1975. A separate woman cricket world cup has been held every four years since 1973.
Very much
Babur : Mughal dynasty was founded by Babur after defeating Ibrahim Lodi in the first battle of panipat in AD 1526. Battle of khanwa (AD 1527) Babur defeated Rana sanga.
National film Awards: the national film award are the most prominent film award ceremony in India, established in 1954 and it is administered, along with the international film festival of India and the Indian panorama, be the Indian government's directorate of film festival...
The Asian Games, The Asian Games, also called the asiad, are a multi sport event.held every four years among athletes from all over Asia.
2019 me Lok Sabha Joo sonap Aya Congress central government hoga , Koy government jnta kea leya assa ho na chahia ,or atoo fesla jnta krega !
I like to Donal Trump, Donal Trump is a very very important American president.
Bharat Ratana, former prime Minister Atal Bihari vajpee and freedom fighter pandit Madan Mohan malaviya will receive the Bharat Ratna.The decision to confer the highest civilian award of the country was announced by the Union Government on 24 December,2014..
Important first functionaries of India , first president of India - Dr Rajendra Prasad . First vice president of India - Dr sarvapalli Radhakrishnan. first prime minister of India - jawaharlal Nehru.
United Nations organization (u n o) the United Nations (u n)is a world organization formed in 24th October,https://t.co/Ou6Zl9UKJw came into existence after world war , when the leaders of the world, including American president Roosevelt and British prime Minister Churchill, ..
All Indian mahila logko samman karta ho,a parm parh he ,a sik na jarori he , mahila logh ko assa Rasta dikana jarori he.
#NewProfilePic https://t.co/7mTn02PT6l
Finance commission of India	The finance commission consists of a chairman and four other members. the chairman is selected from among the Parsons,who had experience in public affairs.while the members are selected from among Parsons.
Shah Jahan (1627-1658AD)	Shah Jahan was the son of jahangir and a rajput princess,who  daughter of Rana of marwar.he became emperor in 1627and exhibited modernization as a ruler.shah Jahan's policy towards central Asia was to secure a position of Qandhar which the Persians had ..
Financial power.(a)Appoints finance commission,(b)prmits annual budget to be laid before the Parliament,(c)A Money bill can not be introduced in Lok Sabha except on the recommendation of the president.
PRIME MINISTER Of INDIA	Eligibility: to be eligible for the position of the prime Minister of India,a person should be a citizen of India, a member of either the Lok Sabha or the the Rajya Sabha and should complete 25 years of age if he/she is a member of the Lok Sabha or 30yers.
Soudi Arabia bho Pani how he , Jo Lok Mara gia ,o Lok kelia Alla se dowa mang rahaho,&amp; all soudi Arabia people relax ..
Fundamental duties,on the basis recommendation of the swarna sing committee, the fundamental duties were incorporate, the construction in a par under a  New Article 51A by the 42nd Amendment  Act ,1976.orginally there were ten fundamental duties, but now it has been increased to.
National film Awards . the national fim awards are the most prominent film Award ceremony in India, established in 1954 and it is administered, along with the international film festival of India and the Indian panorama,by the Indian government's directorate of film festival ...
Special power of Rajya Sabha : It can allow the Parliament to make a law on a state subject, creation of one or more all Indian services, The minimum age for the Rajya: Sabha member is 30yerars while for Lok Sabha member is 25 yrs.1/3members of the Rajya Sabha retire on the ...
I'ma a student,M.A.ldol (Guwahati University)Assam.
Parliament of India, Parliament is the supreme legislative body of a country.our Parliament comprises of the president and the tow  house - Lok Sabha (house of people)and Rajya Sabha (council of state). the president has the power to sommon and prorogu either house of Parliament
Lok Sabha , maximum strength-550+2(530-stress/20-u ts) elective strength of Lok Sabha-545.criteria: citizen of India.atleast 25 yrs of age.mustn hold any office https://t.co/Humzn6Ssez unsound mind /insolvent .has registered as voter in any parliamentary consistency.
State legislature , the state legislature consists of the governor, the legislative assembly (lower house) and in some cases the legislative council (upper house).
The Rajya Sabha ,it is the upper house or the council of https://t.co/LznjaiK5lc is a permanent body , thet is, it can not be dissolved . the maximum numbers can be 250 of which 12 are nominated by the president. The     	Members of rajya Sabha are elected	By the elected members
Indian polity ,politics in India takes place within the framework of a constitution.india is a federal parliamentary democratic republic in which the president of India is head of State and the prime Minister of India is the head of government.nominally, executive power ...
The look Sabha ,it is the lower house or the house of people, the maximum strength of Lok Sabha envisaged in the Constitution is this 552 (530 elected
Sota mnse koy bra nehi ho sekta,tota mnse koy khara nehi ho sekta!