@PressSec @realDonaldTrump Good for you, I really am happy for you, but on lying everytime I dont blame you, blame your father. You should resign.
@SenRonJohnson Which is?
AG @keithellison please check judiciary members racist behavior in Sterns County District Court.
@IlhanMN Ms. Omar judges in sterns county are racist or a judge please look into there decision records.
@MarkWarner Things take time
@realDonaldTrFan Love you ways Mr. PRESIDENT. Being a Democrats and worked in construction management in Manhattan, I somewhat understand your ways that others might not.
@AOC God bless you that's the way to go Ms. AOC. Please form an election committee a d spend some money to hire more staff, the sooner you do the sooner we can contribute.
@CoryBooker God bless you so far my vote goes to you. The only other person I will vote be VP J Biden hope you a d him on a ticket if he decides to run. STRAIGHT SHOOTER PAIR.
Congratulations for doing job well Mr. AG.
Amy Klobuchar please check the record of small claim court, in stern county, MN see if there record show they been racist in decisions.  If so proper action shall be taken.
Mr Biden is one of the best person in the democratic party and his winning the ticket would be a cause of sleepless nights for camp Trump.
Please do not judge people in high places to have known Mr Smolett.  Everyone who knew him before today to be honest and a man of character; what happened time will tell.
Why can't everyone come out and say they got fooled by smollett.  It's ok to admit
@BillOReilly NOOOO Mr Orielly you been in that chair yourself.
@GovMikeHuckabee Because he is not famous DAH!
If you want to know which of the girls running for POTUS job are team players check if they WORE WHITE on SOTU
Kristen powers, is the most smart among female contributors/analysts on CNN
It's being stupid for our lawmakers to fight on 5/6 Billion for the wall. We waste BILLIONS otherwise.
I feel sorry to hear the News Channel contributors &amp; analysts to say the same thing in different ways in one piece.  Sometimes I wonder if President is right in calling them fake news.
I just feel so hopeless to see where all branches of our democracy r headed.  Bills r written &amp; released without enough time to go through them. Exec branch just talk talk no action &amp; Judiciary is characterless, racist &amp; corrupt.  Lies at all level.
Being a Democrat I am against the remarks of Ms. Omar.  I believe we should stop all foreign financial and use that money towards fighting hunger here and healthcare for poor.
@PepePierce Listening such stories make me sick to my stomach. I call them real or true Americans and they should get stipend for the next 3 centuries, all income tax free.
To save the American public is president's prime duty, it's foreign and domestic, I consider diseases and health conditions part of it.
Democrats please don't put the cart before the horse, let's take one step at a time, let's have a Male President &amp; a female VP and next time around F/M and then F/F.
No Democrat should support Kamala Harris or Elizabeth Warren.  At a time when they were needed to stand by fellow CW they choose arrogance.  If elected they will surpass POTUS. BIDEN/KLOBUCHAR 4 2020.
Kamala Harris &amp; Elizabeth Warren couldn't stand with other Democrats in the house, they would never stand for any Democrat. Anyone that act like these ladies don't belong in the party. No excuses.
Remember the problem with democratic is we ate afraid to call upon black sheep in our party, that needs to change, top Democrats should stand up to Kamala &amp; Elizabeth and ask not to support them.
This what the Democrats do, there is no place for black sheep in democratic party especially when you running for POTUS 2020. No votes for Kamala Harris and Elizabeth Warren for not wearing white.
SOTU is becoming very emotional &amp; rightfully so talking about WWII, oh Lord lots &amp; lots sacrifice their lives for freedom.
Corruption &amp; Racism has no place in our judicial system.  Unfortunately its spreading fast, being elected does not mean the person has a license to do what they wish.
We should give President the credit where he deserves. The misrepresentation of fact is a characteristic of all those who live in NY, NJ &amp; surrounding states. POTUS should not but then he is too old to change.
Mr President the Senate had been and still is Republican.  You promised us you are the best deal maker, but you have been responsible of govt. Shut down this time around.
Seriously 1st lady wearing black.
@amyklobuchar It's a shame, no one in America has to go through this, please stop spending wastefully as foreign aids and similar other spendings. See what other nations do pretend to be poor and we portray we are super rich in every way, No Sir.
@SenTedCruz @senjudiciary Seriously look who is talking
Been watching Vice Presidents since early 80's, I have been disappointed but Mr Pence has reached the top.  Let me remind VP Pence, Sir, slavery has been abolished over 40 years ago, you can take it easy.
@BreitbartNews Wow so true Mr. Biden so true.
@christinageist God it make sence
RT @christinageist: I know you’re all busy and this is off topic, but I feel like Triscuits get zero fanfare, yet they are the most delicio…
I don't know if ever the term limit law be passed, if it does then it's ok &amp; if does not, the GOP politicians &amp; lot of them will loose primaries, why? Because they lied.
I remember after 911 Rudy Giuliani was America's Mayor, very well respect by everyone. The credit go to him for cleaning up NYC of drug addicts who lived on streets.  Now after being Trump's lawyer? He lies like Him, lost all the respect he earned since 2001.
The whole world look at us, they look up to us, what you think what they discuss on the dinner table? how much POTUS lies, and especially how much Sarah Huckabee lies, her father lies, he was not some street guy was twice Governor of Arkansas. I feel so ashamed.
Before you give Billions of Dollars in financial aid to other countries to fight poverty, hunger &amp; diseases first take care of these issues at home. Once you have achieved that goal only then it's right to help others.
I have noticed few things in Nominee for US Attorney General, he did not whole heartedly took the oath, he is a person who has an opinion women are inferior to men thus don't even deserve any attention or there opinion don't make a difference.
@MsMollyRachael You mean to say all those that eat dollar meal or ate from McDonalds, Burger King, Wendy's or domino's have no class. That be more then half the nation &amp; almost 98% of Americans who ate from either of the above once a year.
John Kasich and Joe Biden are two gentlemen I being impressed of. These are the kind of people we need leading the country.  Humble and straight shooters.  God bless them both. There are whole lot of other politicians who are also great as for as character &amp; morals go.
My O My, in 2020 or whenever it's time for top GOP Senators for re-election they will loose the seats and that is what proud and morale nations do.
@jaketapper May God be there for your friend, and right you are saying God willing, that all that will really matter.  Lucky is a person to have a friend like you.
@washingtonpost God bless her.
@realDonaldTrump I am with you on this Mr. PRESIDENT.
@GOP @SenTedCruz Seriously you think we don't remember who is responsible for Government shutdown. Politician that lie don't deserve to be elected again.  We are not a banana republic.
Senator Lohan and McCollen would be remembered in history as two Republicans with no Spine.
@SenTedCruz @CBP Ooooo please, you both belong to same club "lying politicians"
@SenFeinstein 2020 please
@hotairblog Yes Sir
@BreitbartNews Very romantic &amp; true love I see, nothing wrong in that, i don't know why can't people mind their own.
@politico Seriously? TRUMP IS THE BIGGEST TWITTER STAR, LAY OFF HER!!!
SENATOR LINDSEY GRAHAM IS ACTING LIKE LINDSEY LOHAN :) :)
Only Iraq, Afghanistan and Syria wars cost more then 6 TRILLION since 2001or $350 billion a year.  We are already spending about 1.4 TRILLION A YEAR.  If we get wise poverty can be abolished, addiction taken care of and healthcare for all.
The POTUS should end financial aid to Israel, Palestine and Pakistan.  Will give him over 4 billion a year to build the wall. bringing home substantial army personal would save 7 Billion a year. 5.9 trillion is spent on middle east and east wars since 2001. Go figure.
There is no crisis at the Southern border. I think dems should have a back bone.  Don't come back unless the govt. Is opened.
@RudyGiuliani You was never like this.
I am not saying open the gates but what I am saying is those who been here for long should get a path to citizenship &amp; have a   sound immigration policy. It's a difficult issue but can be solved &amp; will become Mr. Trump's legacy.
The POTUS, Republicans &amp; Democrats should get together &amp; POTUS should be the ADULT in the room &amp; be kind to everyone.  For last 3/4 centuries people have been coming to USA for good life. I became citizen almost 25 yrs ago &amp; now this is my homeland
I am sure Sen Schumer and leader madam Pelosi are on the same page, please do not fall for POTUS trap "Divide &amp; Rule" rather do it your way "Good Cop Bad Cop"
@realDonaldTrFan Yay!!!!!
Cocaine, crack cocaine, heroin are not grown in MN,  Billion of dollars worth of these drugs come from the southern border, I suspect that people in power and high places backing the influx.
Though I agree to the decision of the President but it would have been better if he took his administration and nation along. It's time we spend our resources taking care of our younger generations.  Fight addiction and poverty
Now is the time for a bipartisan gun control bill, January when dems take charge of the house many many things are possible.
Congratulations to everyone for putting countless hours, months and years to get the criminal justice bill passed.  Everyone be able to see someone they know very soon so would I.
@politico The agencies get money from the tax payer, I have too much pride for women other wise I would have said some.
I wonder what goes in Mke Hukabee's mind when his daughter lies from the podium, what her kids think or think when grow up, what kind of morals she teaching . Ms Sarah you are not an addict or junkies, then why?
@politico Salute to your service to the Nation, Sir. God Bless You.
@GOP @SenTedCruz Oh my
@MarkDice Because Moran some American don't understand English maybe like your forefathers or many Americans forefathers, include everyone in America that's the only reason we are a great nation and on top of every other country. Hatred wont work here.
@amyklobuchar Biden. Klobuchar for 2020
@maydaymindy9 That would be a new one, maybe we need it to unite the country and get off each others throats.
@da_rhoda No
@siano2020 Amen
@tedcruz Oh lord senator Ted Cruz has no character
Wow Sen Marco Rubio on CNN my God lookalike this guy grew up 20 years in less then a year, good for him, he is ready for the White House.  Let's see if he's brave enough to run for 2020
Next chief of staff could be senator sentorum or ex AG
RT @ABC: "Let me make this extremely clear: Bullying is unacceptable."		Ohio dad makes his 10-year-old daughter walk 5 miles to school in 3…
Republican want Comey &amp; lynch to testify again, they won't back up in the last 2 months of there control, Dems better grow balls and do the same,
HAPPY Thanksgiving
RT @Alyssa_Milano: On the left we have Republicans-elect— a bunch of white dudes and one white woman. 		On the right we have Democrats-elec…
On the CNN reporter and White House situation I am on the of the president here, I don't agree to a lot of things the president says or does, but this one he wins.
Recount of senator race in texas
Manooo of CNN quit looking at her boobs man you on national TV on Cuomo's show lolololol
My request to Dems dont act the way Republicans did, 25% of me say Dems should push back and teach the other side a lesson.
Please recount Senator Ted Cruz elections, that's the only and may be Florida, but for sure Texas
@SkyNews Hood drama
@sskerrr @tedcruz @BetoORourke I would love Ted go I really would, on the other hand either president is s good actor or he is really genuine
RT @billmaher: Message to Trump voters: Vote Democrat, because as soon as this election is over, no one will give a shit about the caravan.…