@angiedam2 The World awaits for our Country to smile and laugh once again. We cry right now for truth and righteousness to prevail. We must pray the new Congressional Leaders awakens the joy of the United States once again.
@timatad @robreiner Thank you, oh I need some humor right now during this most trying time in my life and the life of this wonderful Country.
@rickrock63 @robreiner Oh how I can only dream right now and patiently wait for January to finally ring a New Year and a New Government!
@RC123_ @robreiner When will this man run into his own pile of horse shit and finally stop his stupid rhetoric.
@JohnJHarwood John to all who will read this reply, I can see, feel and cry in the same pain that Senator Dole experienced with his heartfelt salute. Like so many individuals who suffer with a physical problem we all must thank President Bush for leading a charge for change.
@tim_mccourt @kasie @jmeacham I, like I'm sure so many others, certainly agree with your assessment sir.
@krassenstein President Obama has always shown how Great Leaders and people of true Friendships claim their legacy for many years to come. America cries for individuals of his stature. We need more individuals of his caliber for leadership during our trying times today.
@funder And I also certainly agree, Mr. Flynn should in no way receive any future Governmental Benefits.
@funder Scott, wow your thinking certainly aligns with mine. When may we see your name batted around with a future Democratic political endeavor?
@funder Thanks, thanks and oh well Thank You.
@Bush41 @TheRickWilson Oh how our Country needs, no requires great leadership that once was and always provided by either party. Our Political Parties need to once again start teaching young leaders the qualities of men like Bush, Kennedy, Obama and Reagan.
@TheRickWilson I can agree with your thinking on that Rick.
@krassenstein Hmmmm !!!!
@joncoopertweets Jon can anyone and I mean ANYONE even begin to think that nothing can out do the current Trump newscast.
@BarbMcQuade @maddow Barb I just want to take this moment and say I thoroughly enjoy your commentaries, observations and general counsel that you provide both on MSNBC, CNN and also in public print. Thank you and please continue your work long into the future.
@krassenstein Yeah the world watches. Maybe he was a little upset that 	Air Force1 was sent to Houston to bring this Admirable Man back to Washington to lie in State. To see Mitch McConnell set the wreath at the Rotunda rather than Trump adds just another insult to the scene.
@IngrahamAngle @FootballUGA They most definitely should!
@Sonos Current sound system for current iPad
@rfkram Beautiful indeed.
@bryanbehar Mr. How do or did you feel when you mother, father or one of your siblings passed away.
@markwahlberg Thanks Mark. Obviously your aware of crooks hanging out on the web. I admire your work and certainly are aware he's f the intense amount of time you devote to your craft.
@raistlinorr @DanRather I am so disgusted that the man to the left of horse head in the center is a Senator of my home State of Kentucky.
@NBCNews I agree so strongly with this statement. Though a lifelong Democrat I miss President Bush's leadership during what I also feel is a tumultuous time in America's history. He now though has reunited with Barbra.
@MrJetfuel Mr. President I send my heart felt sentiments to you and your family for the passing of your father. 		Your leadership qualities will be called upon during this Christmas season. Your fathers life now will always be celebrated during a festive time of each year to come.
@MrJetfuel Mr. President I send my hearts
@kasie Well Kasie, I personally believe a women leading the United States seems far better now, more than ever. The current occupier of America's most eloquent house should be forced out ASAP.		Our Country lies in a very precarious state.
@matthewamiller And Corsi feels everyone believes what he says!!! Wow. His success certainly was not determined by his knowledge of Governmental Ways and Means. And I agree Matthew, Mr Mueller certainly knows how Trump had Putin shoes stuck up his rear end!
@CNBC Please provide this reasoning.
@costareports @11thHour Robert, I too, like Brian Williams stated, thank you for the patrons of "The 11th Hour". Your comments and colorful predictions are a mainstay of my life. 		Also thank you for your diligence to find, uncover and report the current "Washington News" that impacts my daily life.
@JoyceWhiteVance Oh yes it will.
@TheBeatWithAri Good. Everyone knows what the law is. If not he shouldn't be in private practice.
@ChrisCoons Senator it now appears that Russia has a much deeper interest in America with the large loans Trump has with Russia or should I say Putin.
@BlueBlu71147833 @RepJeffries Not only do they look mean they are despicable with their public rhetoric. The Republican Party is choking on their belief that governmental policy should first line their individual pockets and then disperse what's left to the people.
@HealingHavenABA @TedLindsay07 Thank you. I'll speak to my daughter about your site. She may very well know who you are.
@kasie @ChrisCoons @Morning_Joe @JeffFlake @senatemajldr Thanks Kasie for the update. I hope both the Senators will continue the figh s required during the current Administration.
@HealingHavenABA @TedLindsay07 I personally want to thank everyone who work with their hearts to solve the ever growing problem of autism. My grandson suffers with this medical problem. He's loved by everyone he meets yet finds difficulty to communicate his needs, wants or desires.
@adidasrunning And thanks so much. I intend to get a pair for my son who lives in Chicago. I live in Lexington close to a 7 hour drive during the Holiday season. Depending on the cost I hope to have his Christmas Present now selected!
@MailOnline What a beautiful and wonderful way for a person suffering through an accident or other brain injury to have some sense of normalcy.
@FrMatthewLC @disciple96 Father, as you are so aware, all life is God's gift to us. I have one Grandson who suffers with autism and is dearly loved by our entire family.
@DanRather Thank you Dan from all older Americans who have grown up watching your daily broadcasting. That which has helped create personal opinions and reactions regarding the chaos running rapport in Washington. Chaos that all radiates from the White House.
@PhilipRucker Phillip I, like so many others, enjoy your informative telecasts on MSNBC. We certainly need your tireless investigative work to help guide us thru this Governmental destruction currently underway in the White House.
@KasieDC @kasie Thanks Kasie
@kasie So Kasie a large portion of educated Americans watch and listen to your statements and remarks concerning the current state of our Government. Can you provide a Christmas Wish for all of our Democratic Hearts during the bleak atmosphere in our White House?
@tim_cook @navajoparks @NatlParkService It's God's beautiful gift to Humanity.
@DanRather Mr. Rather we only wish Trump understood your statement.