@WilliamShatner @johndelancie Wishing Sir Wm well but there has been a problem alerted to me by Him once when he attended a meeting which he needed to escape from. Gangsters had been hitting the Empire, which couldn't then pick him up. The behaviors may have been a problem to them. To victim recoveries!
I am Star Trek. And Rainbow. A way to the Stars and Hope. Star Trek: The Original Series: The Complete Series [Blu-ray] Paramount https://t.co/FBvE0XuscJ via @amazon
What if my 🚁 were only for me and Rescues? Have you been in it? I want my fleets pretty fine and guarded please. Loyola? Creds? I could lend counsel for my estate fiends maybe. I'M Good. EGBDF.  I want  my son back. Might be enough for them to help him. Fly Right back to Mom.
@PRLegacyWars Green loves me. Jealous? They have to be nice to the creator. Co forgot. You didn't jump him did you? Take it back!
@PRLegacyWars  hi, as the creator I am asking that you not creep me out by showing them blown up. I am WHITE, but you knew I was hi R. I own you Colors!!! I don't want my lives spent like that. Show me Quick Lee recovering and finding my Miracle Lords of Office. Owner Wife. 🛀 🤶
@RepRashida Hi. Do you represent Dr. Oz? He owes me services for using my machine and for being really mean. If I die he is officially charged with murder. I would like him to rise out of his possession and be compatible with me. See the Old Oprah Show. Sen. Carol Anderson-Nutter
@RyanArakaki No!
@noctlis No!
Missing you and I remembered how I love you brothers. Come and say hi and help me now. Hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm.  From your sister, Mrs. Baby. And other kinds of baby. I fell for you. https://t.co/xcf7rxUUmG
*Oz, Dr. on Oprah, speaking about owing for usages of a machine made with my money by a team of Terrorists who built a hospital building with my $ from gangstering the money from me, a 4 yr old? Was he mad from complaining about gangsters? Wish me well Oz. No infestations🏚️👻 https://t.co/SIvn7SxzUg
@BenjaminEnfield @lordbisque Scary! I am the baby you love. Wrote to stay alive and you don't love me now but I'm not a baby but I'm owed for being one still.	Get Out???	Alright, out?	Didn't know that, that too? Not too.	Hot, hot for you. Want her number?	She wants you	you to pay you	for lovin'you.	For payin
@UltClassicRock Mean man moon up and down the loom, loon toon to be soon sooner soonest boombox book down the block, freaky talk.		You don't know how bad you are until you read how bad it is today. the big the bad, the missing, do u think they'd help a sister? Hagar's Return: big kids found. 📺
@SpiceGirlsNow @GeriHalliwell @BBCRadio2 @alltogethernow @BBCOne Hey. I remember seeing you guys. I am worried about my daughter. Can you have my husband get in touch?
@trekupdatefrank My name is Star Trek from being precocious and choosing a name. It's an intellectual property. I know all the Star Trek are fine.		Bless you friends that you are well with each thought and that tech support is always love and not dangerous mindreading Chinese♥️ stalking equipment
@cnni Thanks for watching the park.
@cnni You have a really nice smile, like your worker that was also making sure bears don't get sandwiches. I need to find that guy and check on the status of the clean up and health care. They got too close with a building so I don't think that's healthy enough. Let's not do that!
@Commercial_Crew @NASA Thank you so much. We tried a lovely mist experiment under CARS and my Rescue Plan could possibly get you back to America. Plagiarists made a ten minute application from Clorox off my idea. But it's weak so they need the ten minutes and no plagiarist changes to bleach near waste!
@Commercial_Crew @NASA No Traitors. Not Jim, not Rita, Not Wes' Mom Joanna, not Anita, not Heather. Their behaviors towards me, and my Honors, have been sometimes criminal or Treasonous. Not KISS. Not Jim's wife, who impersonated me to use my accounts. I am Carol and Mary. Not ever Jim's wife.
@Commercial_Crew @NASA My funds pay for extensive personal services such as for courting and escorts because I am a Queen. I have funds to help family in my estate and pay for service for those I love. Jim stole accounts. My husbands may not work under another person unless authorized by me direct.
@Commercial_Crew @NASA Waste products such as from propellant combustion are not desired on any property associated with me or the fund because of preferences and the treaty. I would vote for ways to neutralize or otherwise handle it. I need services from my husbands. Please propel them safely to me.
@Commercial_Crew @NASA My daughter has been missing. Has a husband been seen with her? I love her. Consequences might come from misuse of the funds, even punishment because it's really personal funds guaranteed by a treaty. Not to be used under sin, such as for a mistress. I do care about safety.
@Commercial_Crew @NASA Hi. If you have had funding from The US Congressional Gallery President or Representative that is me not any husband or staff as I currently don't have that posted. I am looking for one. The funds may not be used unless specifically authorized by me. https://t.co/9e2KITqkLy
@cascadehall @AndersonPaak @AmericanExpress You have not been licensed by the creator of Hip-Hop to use the term or to call yourself Anderson. Cease and Desist. Justice Carol Anderson. Highest Court. Fee $275,000.
@MassAppeal @AndersonPaak You are not authorized to use the name Anderson like that. Cease.
@Meherbani1 Hello. Where are you reachable at?
@JulianLennon That seems virified
@RUBraveEnough Cardiac Snedthedis sounds interesting. Have you worked in my hospitals. I think you are UGLY if you hadn't called me. Are you able to speak to Is or is he not insulting people who don't call?
@FungalDoc Are you so obsessed you wouldn't dip French Fries in Ice Cream?		Did you hear about the major observation about your obsession a few years ago?		Had you already made it?		I had just enjoyed a really great juice at an underground bar in the morning and moved on to virus
@PaulSaxMD I guess you won that. You're for boys to play with. I'd rather see you with them. But I like you and I know you. You probably won't disappoint when you're out and about today. Time to work. Can you check out the Wal-Mart missing kids network and see if they are worthy?
@CDDEP @CIDRAP Well I am the 	ANDERSON	AND	The US Congressional Gallery Leader.	If you want to know why,	don't ask me who commented I can't be me if I am not as rude as an illegal. I can and I am Miss Dr. Carol Anderson. Strike. B7. Hit. Sink, CLEAN.	Not really THUGGY, the Rapper.	😍
@IDstewardship alrighty fine?
Hello Connection.		Don't you go breaking my heart.		My little legs were amongst your brothers.		No shoes or socks, just one another.		If you won't kiss me today I'LL think it's a favor		FROM the lady who drank the last of her lemonade. 😫		I didn't choose yellow.		Fid 🍋 🍋?🏑♠️
@daschreiber you have a way to say you founded Lucy's Lemonade? Dear Family Member.
Gettin wiggy et le coulour de ouer	le paint our pics de la heur	let let let let me know.		How's ethics?	Like my resolution for counsel?	I need care and my pay to continue. I want to write with you too. Come and help me have an attorney and a doctor, the GP de la heur, sil vous? https://t.co/Hq18ANNYYq
@RespectableLaw STOP. No! Judges were not badder than the bone and not badder than the bad black magic lovin' preacher not really a musician when the girl plays the sands...		My ear is a problem. I can't do anything. Can I drive looking hot and recall being a doctor and go to one to have a baby?
@JulianLennon Hi. I need a favor. Are you you? Maybe we can work together on something. I am scared right now. Baby Log Date: What'$ the scariest thing I could ever be up against? 		Flash!!!		Almost died.		It was easier then. This couldn't be. I am really illegal for whatwas set.
Dr. Carol Anderson is working now as Judge For Herself to collect on debts owed to her for production in Music, Filmwork, Legal Protection Services, International Rescue, GNP,  Re-Forestation &amp; Ozone Repair.		Enforcement Assistance &amp; Scribe Called to Report. message. 📭 https://t.co/G7Ec6xjB5x
@JRadloff I wrote about this during prof. amnesia and it spurred ten major diet books and a whole movement. I recovered completely from after research and following my plan. I could help you. But basically if you can support clean food, public health, follow a recovery diet, it will help.
@_C_W_P @oregoncc @basicrights This shouldn't mean Robin Hooding and ruining people that worked hard to make something.
@GermanyMeetings Hi. I wrote a major program which caused reversals in the greenhouse effect and repaired ozone through multiple efforts of other nations, through a program I launched in the late '80's. I'd like to work with you on that if you need consult. I had amnesia and am recovering.
*rites
@OCC1852 Hi. I am ordained to perform religious rights and ceremonies as it may be for my choice to do so, not out of my preference nor for another's usury. I am curious about your group.
@PHSAofBC You guys care about safety, yay! I have a favor to ask of you regarding my ownership investment contributed rather abusively to myself as a child who earned the money with hard work, not them. I'd like to check into what's been happening to consult for better care. Lifesaver 🤗🤗
@VCHhealthcare Really Seriously Working, Caring Canada!
@BUSD4kids What a nice letter. I have interest in the area and in associates who invested in properties I have in the area. I had amnesia and need assistance for my kids who might have not had help when needed. Please care for all missing kids well. Let me know here visiting message. Mary.
@helpfindthem Well I hope it's right. I need my office set up so I can get some conflicts sorted out for https://t.co/UOXnRn6ul0 with that?
@CNNPolitics Looks good. Nuclear Education Necessity?		Fun seminars.		Planetary Space Community Meeting: Do we want to destroy our own connections to the environment with over usage of nuclear resoources? No!		Problem: Why? 		1. Behaviors learned from bad training with or without blame...
Hi. I am silently an Emporer, successor to Mary. I own a lot of entertainment properties because folks were silly enough to plagiarize off of me their full career. This is an my beautiful archtecture, unique practical cleaning function ruined by vandalism. Advocate Help wanted. https://t.co/uHpApRIIbh
@jaywittmeyer Hi. I am looking for Donna.😻 I did a surgery and the closing technique is owned by a young man who died at 19, my brother, who was also in stead for a husband. I used it in surgery which made me known a doctor, already in teaching and microbiology. 🏅👸🎶Need 🗣️👩‍💼4👩‍🎨$4🤕n🤗🏠👶 https://t.co/Z5Lzr8zob0
@genesimmons Dear Gene: You owe me for KISS Babies still and I recognize this as a Spin-Off. No PR with NO payment. For My Reputation: I wouldn't have run the idea like that. 1. It promotes STDs indirectly. 2. It would make people sick. Smart covering the child's face. It promoted out-culture
@DevinNunes @JimVerros Hi Devin. Were you representing Heather? A consultant fee is owed for receiving Jim's disgruntled callers and handling terrorists or upset clients of joint associations with Heather and Anita. Also Heather had fees owing for ltd acute human rights mgmt with no budget or notice.
In love with Fall line-up suggestion:		1, 2. COP REFORM/Redo; Correction-Correction by Laundry Love'$ Tom Johnson;		1. QC on Correct Application Response with protection	2. Keep it UP!		3,4. Clean Rap;	Rap Rules! By The Merry Girls. (Marrying Kind)		3. Making Bad payback: $	4.
@PHAIWA Hi! I'd like to reveal a wonderful Australian Shepherd as a source on my research trail for prevention and helping kids. I'm interested in them getting their instruction sheet to my area for a fee. For pestilence control, regarding grasses, grooming, etc. 🤔🐑🐑🐑🐹⛑️🎩😀
@TerriIrwin Hi Terri. I hadn't had any return comments from you regards your fealty payments for Central AUSTRALIA, which came under my wing as a child when I saved a Royal baby from a kidnaping melee involving indigenous peoples, wild animals and locals over the phone. Msg pls.
@19Bee63 @THR You told me someone was stealing. You promised you would help someday. How did you know about the stealing?
@THR Your little friend's black co-worker or lookalike hijacked my cell phone account. You know Jim was a gangster right? Are you trying to kill my kids Roseanne? Where are they? You owe me as Mary don't you?
@THR OWES me for her gangster support of false claims and harrassment regarding plsgiarizing RAP.
@THR Rude EVIL SINNER!!!! Supported lies from her child co-actor who partook in RAPE stories without permission and claimed she authored it.		Supported that child having SEX with my husband who was chosen to help keep me safe from EVIL series RAPIST Heather Merseth who raped thousands
@gagadaily Can't use. That belongs to my estate.
@LightsCameraPod Who killed Heath? Mel I need your services for your usage of the mole station SAG card.
@THR Tell your lover he f'ed up on all his attempts to pay me and he was too mean selling O.S. Tees. This is my town. I am my Rep here and estate THEIVES need to turn my paperwork to me so I can run it. Can  he please help me get my pay for the legal work and consulting? Min. 175K/min
@AmericanIdol @RyanSeacrest You can't live as a Felon without being turned Fag. That show owes me money to the tune of gangster charges. If you want America at all you guys have to stop that.		No HipHop, Rap, Popping, no computer work evolved from PC at all, must garnish full paycheck for full amount if too
@THR Well is Adams/Fisher eligible for awards with all of their plagiarizing and theft of of my notes and props and inspiration clothing? Is 6 bicycles from a blue collar fair? What about my fairy tale and fairy princess dress? 		What don't you help me regarding the home Invasion?
@Variety Hi Glenn. Since I supported you would you not give my cash to my husbands' mistresses? 		I don't like Treasonous Investments Company. Her story is the same as the 20,000 other people Heather attacked and Anita used my winner i.d. to act like she had the right to be me after kills
@RLewisReports @OnFireMoses Do you know the ESP Real Estate guy/company? I wanted to call the guy.
@BorisYears 	So Tall Dark and Scary isn't he? Young at first sight.	Yeeks! Hideaway he might bite.	No, not really, right?	No, you are a pleasant victim of the legion of the nights of roaming until dawn awaits the sleeping through the waking of Baby Dracula Driver's Mom, alive.
@spicegirls @KishSpears Dear Girls, Want to work with your co-creator on girl support and give those handsome gangsters something less dangerous to represent than factors against government treaties with back-up? 🦄
@SethAMandel We're you the kid who's Daddy mentioned you at work? I was mentioning him at work. You have important role models on your page!
@DylanByers @SethAMandel Hi! Has there been mention of any disallowed Plagiarists or pirates?
@TedNugent Dear Mr. Nugent,		Were you a friend to Mary? Did you know that's my name too? That friend, was it Wesley that needs to pay me for 🐈 scratch and other hits?		Tell him I need his luh uh uh uhv.		Uh-uh-uh-uv.		I am in love with a crazy guy I won't ever want to nuv. Nee-ee-ee-ed ur
@sammyhagar Hi! I saw u with my little son once and he stopped you to chat. You look good in this photo. Could you help me with smiling to get a couple things done? You could probably get me not so overwhelmed quick and I could pay you a lot of lucky golden goose quacks.
@DavidLeeRoth How are you?
I have some odd messages from this account. Is he alright? https://t.co/kGxbxgIp9Q
@Markjaubrey @PaulStanleyLive I don't know what he did but if you lived in North Portland for free in a stolen house and spread syphilis and owed for personal property usages or fealty or intellectual properties you are a part of it tho family might have been killed by your behaviors, attitudes are respect.
@judaspriest Did Anita do stuff for you????		The suitor choices of the Mom of them from their boys needs to help his Honors to serve The Queen of Scots with what he knew and had serviced before, the boys with dark hair please. She needs to see how they did caring for her visitors and clients.
@NikkiSixx Vietnam War Shoes.
@NikkiSixx Your jerky friends had a 37🎖️ starred female General harrassed at Obama's instructions because the service had formedbyelderly whores because you screwed geishas during wars and blacks attacked. Over 20 days in solitary no charges, can't go to my house and your friends owe for🎶.
@apiecebyguy That's looking more fun than my rotine I think.
@LukeBryanOnline @AmericanIdol This is a disgrace if he is on without paying me first. Also if any of Jim's fellow Treasonous harrassment network is on there it is a TREASONOUS shame.
@RepBarbaraLee Blacks can't strike. You have significant reparations debts for Chicago and North Portland and syphilis and kidnappings, rapes, destroyed medicine manufacture, and forcing closeness during an epidemic.
@RepMarkMeadows @realDonaldTrump We have a building here with x-ray waves called the 911 building. I think some allies are looking at it. But we had protective service boys adulterating and being witches or being forced to be there and do such or steal from S&amp;M. Other countries hadn't liked it.We have to behave.
@RepJeffries There had been a serious problem of extensive Treason which we had been suffering under. It can't continue. US Congressional Gallery President and Representative Dr. Carol Anderson-Nutter, an Emporer as Mary, and also under other names.
@RepSwalwell Please investigate the terrorist and other abuse of myself and my money triggered by Condon or Jim Day or Sandra or Rand or Bush Sr or Witches during my Congress visit and send my Honors, pay, checkbook, and some staff for accessing recovery from a renewed recent internal error.
@SenSchumer @realDonaldTrump Hi. Did you know what they did against my vote and against Congress with my personal money? In NC? You have to direct your heavies not to enforce against my advocates finding out or honoring me or caring for belongs and route out heavies personally still destroying things.
These feet are made for acting;	C'est la vie en a ped to see	It's really real and dancing	but really real and Alive and happy.	The first position of feet	Is dolly feet which will post	For my little girl to see today?	Oiu oui way. https://t.co/o1XZGOgYPl
@SteveCarell Bill why are you not crying?		All the kids, all under the Mexican Man.		Big Fraudulent Thugs		All of Them		Even as I hear the sound of in love with them. Because they loved the man in my house.		I am a trillionaire. 		Watch out for the ugly short fat blonde nurses with the 🐖 nos
@WeSchoolNurses @CavellTrust Yay! Come play!
@DeclutterHelp hi. interested in retaining your bid for service. message?
RAP Music Genre Organizers Wanted. 😎		For Organization of Genre of RAP,	inspired from Kindergarten.		It'$ Kinder UND More (MAS!) Rewarding To Rap, To Rap it Artists	To Rap it, To Rap it and Hip-Hop Artists Legit	Don't Quit	Go Legit, Legit, Legit!!! https://t.co/tlBObBJv98
It's time to pay the Artist. Not the black man fka. Why turn beautiful brown trim White!!! On stone!! No!!		Classless Castle Theif Jim and The Black Meth Zone Killers Group. FELONS!!! Work it OFF and give me my Account Reps and Banks Back Blacks!! Blacks fka no! No PR 4U2sterl!!! https://t.co/l2YrnyS5JJ
@Thetunepeddler hey you guys!!! I am protecting ALL content creators, including me!!! It's not free of Royalties, it's got ME!!! And I'm not FREE!!! Cuz no one has wanted me to be! So you you too too took the Owen and the band and left me to say When to no one. So the Wen is Now.
@ProtectLDSkids Yes!!! He asked me if I had a boyfriend but I preferred he had a female secretary. Truth was I had a husband and he hadn't figured it out because I was a trillionaire with Amnesia who hadn't trusted him because a terrorist felon mistress had been in my baptismal group. No Fraud!
They wanted me to do that one more time but I could get enough of a day without you... U Row. https://t.co/K2nPeIsCQE
@DefLeppard @OzzyOsbourne I didn't know he looks like my friend who was ATTACKED with Heather's problem. Really amazing. 😽 But I wrote so much MUSIC already I wasn't interested in more screams or girls showing privates to steal husbands. the man who stole my baby ships under the name Weir looked UGLY. 😾
@MotleyCrue My family was hit with music abuse too. A good friend turned greedy nutty witch. Husbands getting diseases and never qualifying to mate. A Royal Family, Local, picked off by an agent &amp; a guy who killed my twin siblings when I was born. I didn't know. Terrorists.
@eltonofficial @TaronEgerton @rocketmanmovie ISM: Things a Baby Wants	You're not him are ya? If ya R, I saw your trail. N I named it.	Rainbow Quail. What up?	That's mine now. The Roynbo Wuail.	Yo@@	Split gone to no oh no buh buh bye	Sweesky Nuk.@@	Meeskee FeeQuee tae me.	Beebee	NToo fo you.	what mAh prisnt?	Is. O dour gh'd
@HIVIsNotACrime Some Diseases Have an Intention to Spread and if you resist it that's a win. 		That's the way, you like it.	Mmh, hmmm you like it.		Resist it baby I know u can turn now	Real slow. Yeah now baby, little bro.	Turn around now. Time to go. Pup.	Pubby baby, I'M Sport.
@LAPDChiefMoore @LAPDHQ My estate included The Wizard of Oz. Ted Kaye liquidated pieces after stealing my Royal mentor's checkbook and papers and clothes, part of her estate which she said she owed to me. She had been extorted by blacks who invaded and were staved off by stealing Oz usage. Theif➡️Witch.
@LAPDChiefMoore @LAPDHQ Bus: the Civil Rights attack, a type of stealing, along with other hits the same year.
@LAPDChiefMoore @LAPDHQ Cancer &amp; AIDS may have a common entry: types of pests or parasites. Blacks ruined most of N. Portland in several waves. They spread syphilis and worm issues. It makes people tend to be immoral. It's rape, molestation, kidnappings, Friendly Fire; BUS, prostitution. Defense:Morals!
@CostInstitute From teen forced mentor to Jocelyn Elders. Steaming and ironing are great for handling mites. I had a break-in while stalked, and I knew because they left mites. My $40 steamer handled it quick! Figured out another solution for items from a craft store on SW Western. Ask! DR. A.
@EGPAF @bfrist I'm interested in antisyphillis and other worm or parasite research treatments amongst rapists, molesters, victims and maybe two control groups. Specific directions approval required for actual real support.
@EGPAF @bfrist Hi. I'm curious if you liased with my Rescue program Guide General regarding their anti-parasitic plant research for locals?
@tacanderson @FinnSkata @RiversCuomo @Weezer Hey Tac. I was contrary for a while. But I hoped to stop. Are you contrary to bad medical care from piratical minorization of society and Anti-establishment Terrorists Internal Robbery-Invasionism?
@TEDchris I'M TED, Chris. You look like a nut or even a serial killer. I'm Ted. Ted Talks was Ted saying he loves his wife. It's people who care and that is why they are important. Don't be Ted. Since Ted is not Ted or Ted's wife if he only cares about stealing being Ted or $.
Super Clean, Super Cleaning!		!   !! !  !! !!	! /// /// //	1,&amp;,2,&amp;,3...		She's, Super Clean! She,'s Super cleaning. 😺		Yi_____ Owh!!! 😸		Good job guys! You found one!	 https://t.co/6nGcwD55HN
I do have comments. Now shortened. Rude then begging.		What do you do with dirty mob money? Money changing machines, a little off topic, but it's a new wave. It'll take confessions and more!		Hire Not Dumb Steward. Please make comfort transport available Fresh Clean Good. Come. https://t.co/TNqyXXvx1t
@AOCpress I am the leader of women as the Leader of The Congressional Gallery. Are you able to reach out to me personally?  		Two of my professed intents had been helping women and children and males also regarding specific... Acqui a me por effective legitimacy in a needed topic.
@seanhannity You look like you are using products to look like someone else and it makes me not like you.
I am interested in Public Health. This seems like a nice service. https://t.co/sR88DfCc5D
@NitFairies Hi! Wanted to promote you. You sound like a valuable charity. I am interested in you helping in this area. Contact me if you are interested. Carol.
@safecosmetics Hi. Really interested bin food safety also. Looking for an assistant to help me with Hollywood Invasion problems to help me get things like these topics worked on. Possibly could relate.
@antihateca @SooToday @SaultStar @hamdiissawi @IreneGentle @goldsbie @JesseBrown @ricochet_en @SaultPolice @alexboutilier @JordanHimelfarb @VestsCanada @ARCCollective @MackLamoureux @stevenzzhou I don't hate Muslim terrorists like I used to because they adhere to religious precepts and maybe get freaked like our boys do from... Diseases, terror, drugs. Now I know they want to guard females. I need someone to come and help me find my kids and get them safe. Home invasion
@adambarken Dear Ron Howard, Did you hear I was produced by over 1000 music  artists before you saw my training film? 		I want to do a project but you may not have understood that film was stressful from the molestation. Did you see I was set Doctor?		I haven't seen the film yet. $ 🤑👹👻👽
@GeorgeWBush__ Hi. I am an important dignitary which it was important for you to Honor well for better luck, considering my position and 37 medals. Please liase with me regarding services due from your administration and a call from your wife; assets, and return of my husband from service.
@Iambiggie503 @KingJames @CP3 @TheNBPA @NBAalumni Hi. I hired the Mrs. a long time ago for a board, if I have you right. Can you please have her contact me? Thanks.
loved me enough to pay.	Check it.	Two guys and a Czech.	Walked out from the front.	Am I a Pole? Non, maybe a blonde.		Your Supermodel Guaranty.	What a producer!!!	All the Supermodels!	Can you produce a payment agent?		Needs to drive me around maybe.	No Pimpin punkin.	My CAR.	Cali
@LateNightSeth 		Yeah, it'$ late.	Boogie eougie cousin of niroogie	Hidin' so well the day of my typeset curls.	Your care-ful last reknown epithetial	Death consequential LOOVE Move.	I know now.	I married to your couisin then	and you for you touchin'	me. You may be at risk cuz	he l
@Ron4California @JackPosobiec Heard someone was looking at the office building X-RAY phenomenon. Thanks!
@victoriabeckham The high kicks of my ninja girl in "My Daughter" as a suggested title. But I can write it but I am used to a producer, but it could be a contribution from another contracted Mom. In process.		Also "Books Books Books" or "Save The Trees."
@victoriabeckham Hi. I'M fundraising for the return of my Library. Is Jenny S. and her sister alive?  LEGITIMATELY is of interest as an album for my girl group either in Hip-Hop or Rap. 		I have unlimited copyright status for a very high Honors acheivement, so I want to honor the high kicks of my
@AmericanIdol Hi. Lionel Richie is in Felony contempt of court and and you may be also unless you are cooperative with enforcements on him paying his debts to a child Grammy Winner known to him as Carol Anderson. He also has a black syphilis attacker debt to pay for missing kids. https://t.co/U2nw6DxQbz
@WilliamShatner Hello. Why don't you get another career boost from me?		Can you create a payment website just for me, industry, fan, public, and private?		It needs a security guarantee.		Also numbers and intentions for the various Exchanges provided by a spouse or a knight if not currency. 	📳
@KamalaHarris @GavinNewsom It's not legal to have a black or female president.
Carol Anderson Architectural Avant Garde Historical Inspiration Functional Preservation Multienvironmental Aquaduct drawn during phone conferences by P.M. Architect according to ideas of designer of art commissioner Dr. Carol Anderson, age 17-ish. Feeling Sad about Amnesia now. https://t.co/mkAjw8ODY8
Or Sara. ♎. Please issue Billings for me as a service. Henna might be alright. Save trees. Maybe e-readers. Anyone Adam serviced, that's okay. Maybe his rude help. All the blackballing. I need a doctor for everything. Your Mom.
I still had a way to see my daughter then. Can he come and help? I'd like Ms. Silverman to help also since I might need someone who's seen her to NOT expect little girls named Sara who might look older to be influenced to be treated like a married lady. Thank you. Sarah's Mom.
and used my film properties and was forced to allow girls like Drew to identity fraud me, even getting surgery, I have to ask him to pay me service he owes as well as the personal debt of a million he owed for abusing me in the lottery. Plus the co-offices service until I have 1.
on the Oregon trail at age 6 behind my first choice, Davey Crockett. He was rude and extremely jealous, escorted by a member of the Day family, who I had hoped hadn't abducted him. I noticed an office he had in one of my buildings, I think, and since he has librarians there...
@AdamSandler @SaraSilverman There was just a video clip of someone like SaraSilverman, who had shown herself with my publicly proclaimed (twice) and twice on the phone, husband Adam Sandler, my co-harrasser and co-husbsnd who ran in while I was working as a celebrity pioneer...
@NetsmartTech @CarolJoReynolds not me. But yes on associates of the hoe of A. Henson; Mexican Harrassment Secretary; Blonde check-in Dr. @ St.V, Rita, Hairstyle theif Gun hoe; and any hoes associated with Bill, fake Ted, any husband, George B, Obummer; even if in Public Relations, first cousins And Dr. Lee.
@NetsmartTech @CarolJoReynolds Also FORCESTOP the fake usage of the beautiful but unentitled usage of the name CAROL. 		Personal Bank of Andrea's husband and the US Humane Society and the Office of William J. Savage for payment or Enforcements, first sustaing choice until paid for damages by hyperlink names ⬆️
@NetsmartTech @CarolJoReynolds Welcomes response and commentary. I'm sick and I don't care. Asking for immediate payment from The President, whichever one. Enforcements French dings.
@NetsmartTech @CarolJoReynolds for reasons of lack of proper treatment, retirement of working or brilliant protocols, stalking, martialling private records, forced communal ownership, blackballs  or other abuse. Signed by Justice Carol Anderson also "The Judge of Everything," consultant above The Supreme Court
@NetsmartTech @CarolJoReynolds Because of lack of payment from Steve Case and other debtors in computers, Judge For Herself prohibits you and Epic creators or Associates from publicizing or internetworking any health record, from the ignorant practice of suggesting ailments via computer or prescriptions...
Myself and possibly friends, it's hard to recall, came up with a secret category of modeling bthe "scumbag robbers" owe me for. I own some pirates I didn't want dead, but I do want my little girl. Wes' Mom stole my first doll of 2 and I want her to answer for her crimes.
This might be a favorite look also. It's reminding me of a favorite family doll, a part of my estate. My estate was ripped apart by thieves and witches who stole from it starting at age 5, including special voice modeling.		I am some very loved and needed roles for girls. https://t.co/sB3IHyfLaY
So, it was years later when I found out the professional criteria independently determined so I was able to qualify and win.		Recently, my "Reaction" ?coat by Cole? info snuck by a health care provider sold millions upon millions in copies, seen on my Facebook in "Minnie golf."
My intention at 6 for creating the term Supermodel was to get over some really horrendous attacks on myself and others. I really wanted to help other girls and ladies. Some hadn't preferred to not be only valued sordidly so I thought I'd do this. But, it was costly to me to lift. https://t.co/xklNl5yxFc
@womenmgmt Confirmed as a Supermodel due to "legitimately meeting all markers for being a Supermodel" by Industry expert Tim Gunn whilst investigating fraudulent usage of a scholarship which was used by a former friend of mine named Peter Gunn instead of myself.		Distraught. 17.
@supermodelslt ....The personal fundraising amount was more than 18 times the previous amount, then the show continued to raise additional funds.
@supermodelslt Hesitant to publicize me as a model because of model stigma, a crew I sponsored was finally willing to lift up the term model for real.		Then at 14 I became the highest grossing model of any kind for a single show, a runway show. The personal fundraising
@supermodelslt ME: Glorified and originated the term, "Supermodel" around age 6, in honor of Jacque Cousteau, a hero of the Ocean.		Won at age 12ish for being the first male or female in software programming on the PC. Designed basis for programs like Flash and Leapfrog.
@CNNPolitics Yeah
Because I'm NOT BLACK!!!!		Stay out of my building THEIVES!!!
@HipHopCaucus Hi. HipHop Hip Hop and Hip-hop Hip-Hop are protected Arts.		You can't represent Civil Rights with it AT ALL because the sponsoring event was an ATTACK on someone's HEALTH,		AND, 		CIVIL RIGHTS charities and their attorneys REFUSED to help me when I was ATTACKED...
@Variety Take The Money into a fund for handling damages in relation to the movie. Also any stolen cash or other items in any associated residence or building.
That was only who they wouldn't kill. Just beat up. Because HE wanted them too.
Why I'm angry: No French Raspberry in these bottles, but I felt sick but not the sick from looking at the molestation of the pool photos at PCC. Why I hate them is I had owned the right to date ALL dark haired Scot boys then and someone wanted them obviously to turn "pool" style. https://t.co/XHqZJY85Qz
@JosephNSanberg Don't spend more than you owe me in public usage fees. Don't hurt yourself on the neighborhood.
@JosephNSanberg Hey, Sandburg!!! Let's practice you stealing another house from me. I want trees for breathing still, so just pick one you can wash first.		Let's see if you can handle the pass. The last play was a horror movie club next door. Can u stop it and the Davis horror show realtor insid
@SpiceExhibition @spicegirls @BRITs @SpiceSaid @EmmaBunton @SpiceGirlsNow @OfficialMelB @MelanieCmusic @GeriHalliwell @victoriabeckham @SamuelCh @AlexLodge26 Baby pretends to be a boy and doesn't wear a shirt since she's not her brother and her sister is too large.
@AJEnglish @AskMrMickey This is amazing. An OLD nurse from Louisiana HATED it when I could bound like you. It came when I could design propietary workout moves from various types of investment. Do you find that is so? Good Work!
@Ron4California @JackPosobiec Well really it's a hiding hypnotized theiving jerk. I'M the JEW. AND the CHRISTMAS! Did you want my kids dead? Where are they creep? Fix the apartment!!!! And the building!!! Dumbass!!! Fight yourself!
Do you think I want a husband that's not into me? Just because I like sitting in a booth doesn't mean I want to marry a short dark haired slut lover. I hadn't had brown hair! Not like Lori. Mine was supposed to be darker. But Booths are too annoying and disagreeable to give a 🏚️. https://t.co/aHE0kr9xuI
@seanhannity He pays back.	He 😘 the mailing address on the invoice, what an amazing vacation, his nomenclature on the day of the cleaning of the kitchen...	A week of guomet beauties on his face. Mmmm....  ...I wash dishes for the cat 🐈 that ate the class of UCLA 1969? We don't know. No deal
@GregProops The night wash is interesting to me.
@KISSOnline @TMobileArena That's a dollar.
@Whitesnake Problems working under my Forest Treaty since I am brilliant?
@Whitesnake Hi. I just had something to drink and I thought I'd be ridiculous. Then another public health video. You seem alright. What do you think of wildlife with a huge lump like a chance, like an old pervert who touches people on purpose had been there. Do you think I should have
@welcomet0nature Looks like a lump. Has it been checked for syphilis or cancer?
@PeterDutton_MP I drank some beet and it's pretty funny but you probably measured alright to begin with.
@Synchrinity My Anti-Gun Friend: A New Brand of Threat. Ref: John Roberts.		A Famous Rap. Check it out.	At the Lie 🍺 Eeeeek!	Mousy mousy mousy brown.	Most smoothly ferry hair in town.		It's lyric, itsa Rap. About my Anti-Gun 🐜 unit Moon Unit Mouse	What the... What the... What was around?
@russellcrowe Hey. If u do Australia scenes here u have to have my permission to pretend you're in my territory or use my card or be on my land or do my personality because females can divine if they are good at it for certain reasons. Didn't I say u were cute and then u were rude with a girl?
@timburchett @leachfortexas He looks nice so I wanted to hit like but it's a heart and I don't know if it was the wall. We need to outlaw cross-cultural terrorism, with ecoeducation seminars explaining about not stealing faces or putting worms in 82nd fast food sandwiches like Escape From NY and pizza. 🛐😪
Posts below are about Debtor, Mr. Lionel Richie. https://t.co/8x0lAqo5RS
MONIES AVAILABLE FOR ENFORCEMENT
Get off manipulative drugs or other damaging forces.		Judge For Herself, Dr. Carol Anderson-Nutter. 		High Exemplary Honors. Leader of The US Congressional Gallery. 		Too expensive per minute to be there all the time.		It hurts to hurt me, with no return.
Charged with TREASON by any Nation which would like to pick it up but I'd like you to be alive in order to pay unless you never plan to and then I may have to refer to someone qualified and uninvolved. Disservice to me is hurtful to others because I protect. So don't wish badly.
Please enforce his payments to me without the necessity of any currency of any type going to him first. He can assume I haven't received it yet. Please use a receipt service which is not dangerous to me or the possibility of my children being returned. You are a suspect.
or from my husbands or other associates except to live well without repercussions from any comments of his except of course support of myself and my pursuits of happiness without any prejudice of his or other obvious unlisted referrals I'd rather not have to list here. Please
I don't find him Honorsble at all. His daughter and other acquaintances of his and hers have to stop spending my funds. Also they have to use the US economy in America and quit living in a kibbutz with Gene Simmons or associates. Also he can't require any commitments from myself
... and that the law had required that they provide me with representation.		Another was a thank you for the admission on television of 27 artists and over the phone of even more.		So I said "Too Hot" for him now. He asked to use it and I said, "No!" So since he gave it out again
...Also he was explained that the time limit they had wanted to use for me to call back by was really met, so he had to pay. Also that they had other false arguments and I wasn't required to give them all. One, that they knew where to send the checks. Two that I was only 6(?)
Mr. Richie then claimed he put the payments on merchandise gift cards which he couldn't mail out and that he had AIDS and couldn't pay because he was too sick. He also said he wouldn't have to pay any other inspiration artist which was not correct enough for him to exclusify...
Biggest Scumbag Legal Battle Over!		Famous 1977? Case Result Overturned by "Judge For Herself."		Mr. Richie and friends failed to pay a prolific artist for thousands of references including titles and complete lyrics which they chose to call "inspiration" which was payable then. https://t.co/z0lkqFawXY
@seanhannity Drat. Biblical consequences of friends siding with terrorists an pirating a civil High Exemplary Honors winner in allegience to a Horror Show + Rape specialist Terrorist ID Frsuder is nuts. Why don't you have Robert send me the $24 back and put my movie credits where they belong?
@AOC Hi. I probably own "Ass On Couch," so don't say that but you have cool initials. Do you understand who I am? Would you like to come and chat? The Prez hath been pirates since I was there. I am a judge, attorney, artist, de-escalation Chief and I worked at 6 days old. Pls pay
@pdxmusic @ArleneSchnitzer Hi Tim Burton are you still alive or did you not obviously win an award. Did you want to Rap about vegetables and alligators and silarities to pork chops? I was forced to eat Ham once. Did you want to buy the property on it? It's not in my slave contract file so it's direct.
@Alyssa_Milano @realDonaldTrump The National Emergency is me. 37 🏅. President of the US Congressional Gallery. Queen of Lands. And someone let someone hurt kids to hurt me. Nuts, just nuts Alyssa. Why don't you pay the rent? Do you want to help find my beautiful daughter? What's the checklist Alyssa? What? B.
Judges, This photo suggests to me a possible. Looks similar to a harrassment from another account. Might not be the correct name. There has been a surgery specialist associated with Felony Expensive Artists who stole appearances and tissue plagiarizing Royal looks. Please catch. https://t.co/dCVAeg9lMR
@UNICEF Yes I agree. My program ended conflicts, handled Ozone (Thank God for Good Follow-through and Amazing Kings and Honorariums who allowed me to ask them to help where they were too.) It also meant to develop medicinal plant research for local parasites within borders, for locals.
@AlgebraFact Hi. I gave my son a special equation worth free college to my son while I was under siege but I hadn't remembered I have started colleges, I paid personally for a ridiculous amount of scholarships I had no thank you for, having had amnesia and am due service. Could you check?
@vrcentral_au Please do something about licensious sex.
It did read theif. Stop. Fix auto correct.
So a their might have works from someone else's anal sex.
Like the water under their land.
This really follows plague ordering and it's suggested not to hang out with folks who sin a lot or are satanic or steal because the money may be needed for something an owner knows, such as not to do something dumb with their stuff they might be saving for you somehow.
if they have long red nails.
Also blacks have been surmised to prefer anal sex, the anus a place likely to have worms or syphilis if they haven't controlled it yet, because of the size of the phallus. 		Also their hair habits cause a likelihood for mites, and the hands aren't washed under the nails in some,
or block attempts to seek treatment. Also thieves or blacks.
Fags with AIDS may be a special category making it obvious that my Judgement to toss up for tip-in a cancel on an obviously fraud-related "Civil Rights" Act, due to observed zealously obvious intent to infect, steal meds, occupy a dispensary, steal female-related goods or places,
Another thing is identity fraud, theft, excessive or irrational anger* (was that Hugh Laurie's?), drive to associate, jealousy, assault, rape, molestation; All are looking like definitives for syphilis or certain other STD's, for propietary intent reasons.
Also, I believe I may have read or written on STD-like implied intent to spread causing either abusive or promiscuous or forceful intent to mate beyond normal other controls which may reduce desire to cure also or desire for medication to work.
@1Antruk Please check, I can't check right now, but I have  observed: Holding them near certain infections or infestations particularly if very volatile may prevent that batch from working; Some folks also have another illness or a topic exposure which may ruin the whole shelf.
@AntibioticLeeds Hi. I can't check right now but I have theorized that blacks can tolerate and actually need more sulphur in their treatment. I would prefer to have almost none. Do you know why a known executive with Amnesia would be refused short-term intense dosage therapy?
@HarjitSajjan @NATO Dear Mr. Sajjan,		Do you know if you owe me anything? Land Grant Holder, Head of Valuable Caucasians who were killed by Canadians or other terrorists 1970 to present or Owner of Black People who owe Caucasians for various crimes associated with unauthorized migration costing life
@RattyBurvil Did you know when I was a baby I was hit hard by a six foot Swede and got back up again. Then I was hit for getting up. Then I stayed down, and got up when he left. Then my older guard quit, which is why he stole when my Mom died. I had 5 Ruby Rings but I wouldn't..
@Newsweek What is Gun Violence really? Is it when someone who hates guns comes over and steals it? Are you involved with Rachel? I haven't heard back from you about ME accessing my payment fund yet. Plus please send my approved pay from the minutes for my day in Congress.
@CampFireUSA I am interested in supporting Campfire was forced to sell over 200 boxes, maybe 687? for a lady named Kate who was really mean to me with my younger sister but I love the mints. Heather suppresses things I like by hijacking it. I own a megafund which I am reigning soon.
@CampfireNYC Hi! Did Waxy Heather tell you that you could use that? I say no. Also Sundanc was for me. You can't associate it with anything but my money that paid for it and my family's peanut investment, not someone black.
@BlackDMNDBeats Hi! Is this the Black Diamond that might bwant to know how one of their investors/ members is doing now? Did you know I decided to make one of my bands not sad when they realized they didn't want to plagiarize me but ran out of cash? Maybe you could help me work.
@auntminnie_es @AuntMinnie It's just crabs and other phases.
@ChristineMilne Hi. Did you hear about my environmental project with immediate Ozone Improvement? My estate was hijacked so I couldn't pay to keep working but lots of people have been recued. Heard of it? 🤗
@TheMikeDonovan Youngest female director with a Hollywood award! Me!
@WilliamShatner @ElizShatner @ElizShatner Hi! I just heard my charity for rescuing me after they forget will only do it if they don't want to and the fake "Ted" not my Grandpa or me, the rich one, asks. It helped someone who stayed in my trailer, but I need the help for William to get credit for our improv.
@EmbezzlerWatch Don't think Fernando is only that guy. Their definitions change and it might be a kid kidnapped by Rita. Please crefully look through every acquaintance of Rita for kids or young adults tied up or hurt. She may have dumped people off with blacks or to a homeless shelter.
@EmbezzlerWatch If it were a girl with an Asian guy he'd be alright because he'd have to keep us https://t.co/y4TzELRHPt couldn't have done it yet even though we saved some affected by war and was attracted because some like their Mom too much and I have to respect other agreements.
@EmbezzlerWatch parasites likely and maybe a cell instead of a mildly interested family of Asians next door we're polite with. Now she's jealous.
@EmbezzlerWatch And someone did a huge bad deed and made marriage unimportant with a bunch of other attacks 67,8 and matched up huge sets of important guys with Asians who the guys aren't natural with because the kids don't look like them and the guy isn't really with his sweetheart option, has
@EmbezzlerWatch So a Mexican named Rita is thought to have killed my husband, Fernando, a huge artist who had wanted to help me. Her and a terrorist slut B movie actress from the 60's commandeered my estate, KISS killed my relative and they took my husband options and abused them to mess us up.
@EmbezzlerWatch "Friendly Fire": Korea, Nam, the bus incident (really, syphilis was going around, Rosa Parks extra permissions were unfair and they owed us for the looting, stealing, killing, etc. so Civil Rights really only helps someone be a belligerent rude rights thief on someone else's...
@EmbezzlerWatch Dear there has been a way for around 150 years with blacks. Mrs. O'Leary's famous cow, additional Chicago Fires, Land paid and built on in Oregon Territory (Home Invasions, Rapes, Murders, Abductions, Drugging, Pimping, Forcing White Dad's and Sheriff's into the abuse, break in,
@LastWill_Film BUT I had been in topic-related amnesia and an i.d. frauded estate robbery victim under constant attack. They wanted me not successful. Can u help? Have missing kids. No place to be. Stalked. Need OM for Congress job. It's paid. They have been stealing. Trump since my birth.
@LastWill_Film Hi. I assessed needs at an elder Care facility about 20 years ago and it felt great to improve policies there and train/inspire the staff to decrease the possibility of a certain type of abuse.		I performed a surgery, which re-qualified and confirmed me as a surgeon.
@BreaktheCycleDV @TeenVogue Very important topics. I would like to to be supportive. I need some access help and I can support you. Then I could help myself be paid for my work from other work I've done, if I have some help. These topics are important to me. Hope to hear from you.
@mencanstoprape @dcpublicschools @Gillette Hi. I am interested in supporting you. I am an important figure in Congress and I'd like to support you and have you help me because I want to develop topics like this and I need some help there. Can you contact me? Thanks!
@sharonstone @JaniesFund Hi Sharon. I have multiple funding sources I need help connecting too and I have had a similar purpose for decades. My funds have gone only to my "husbands" and their mistresses but they are for me. Will you help me Sharon? My daughter is missing. She looks so similar to you.
@RecordingAcad @JaniesFund @IamStevenT Your friend Francis was given $100,000 to sponsor me with ice cream to get over his friend Wes attacking me for Heather the Rapist but Francis only stole the my relative's estate instead, no ice cream. 		But you were mean on the phone. Why didn't you help? My kids are missing.
@SteveHarveyFM @SteveTVShow @moworldwide Your agent the co-harrasser Treasonous Felon Manslaughter Pirate Gr. Th. Auto Anita i.d thieved me since 1981, fornicated with 7? husbands tell you I cured her syphilis with placebo and she faked being the cure owner so per tradition as NOT The Anderson she can't give you a cure.
@LeapfrogPR @shopBuRu Want to get in touch with me about the basis for Flash, Leapfrog, and Jake's Matchmaker Fee?
@DreamWorksSheRa Did the mentor advise you where the property came from?
RT @DrEmporer: I had permission to love you in the morning		And in the afternoon		To love you	In the evening		And underneath the moon.		To…
RT @DrEmporer: Hey, I'm Baby. I'm Anderson, Carrie. Carol Anderson. Rap, Hip Hop, Mary N Theodore. I'm over 1000 Artists. I was Opening Sta…
RT @DrEmporer: Protecting against Old gangsters like Jim Day who had prevented artists from paying me, loving me, marrying me, consorting,…
RT @DrEmporer: I had Amnesia. I remembered creating Rap under a mentor and hearing through the phone someone attacked him and my other frie…
RT @DrEmporer: So they are demanded to vote for and enforce getting pay to me for my work, starting with this comment:		So-called law revis…
@Kenacious_D Hi Ken. Could you get in touch with me personally? I have a business question. Thanks!
@SenTedCruz @CBSPolitics Please be nice to who they have victimized to make this image.
@pamfoundation Hi Pam. I have resolved some Amnesia and know some folks have been abusing me and my names and I want them to behave. They have to respect my property and ownership rights and provide me benefits. Can you please do me some favors? I need a girl for some guys.
@johncusack Hi. I could allow you to put in my approval only required Rider to fix what Heather and all my eligible husbands could do to you but I can't approve them if you continue to pirate usages. Must pay respects. If you cry do it for me; she can't use my card at all, I was the winner.
@TheManOfMarvel Estate of Stan Lee: Hello. I am referring to your usages of my writing including Far and Away. Please contact me about payment and credit.
@MarkRuffalo Hi. Have you seen the results of my Ozone Improvement Project? What is your opinion on Rider abuse handlings for you. If you stole property and are not in my working title project, "Repayment," you might have trouble anyway. Looking to check and resolve. Love, C Abuv
@ETCanada Hi. Update on Riders. Your Rider Representation has to have an anti-Piracy agreement with me for their Rider to be respected on all points.
@JLo Hi. I understand from a long time ago from J.Lo that her office had been financed by a fund of mine. What is happening on this now?
@todfennell @netflix in that case I might be interested in hiring you to represent your script to pick up the money. You could not use my SAG card, just like anybody else, without my knowledge, permission, involvement and obvious cooperation and you'll have to have me in it.
@todfennell @netflix Hello. I don't want to do anything but this. So if your script solves major compassionate conservatism concerns, conservation issues, preventing gangsters from risking lives in stupid ploys to risk my Mexican husband and Mexican co-workers and a young black worker from Congress..
@JoeFoodSafety Hi. Wondering if you have an interest in military consultant projects for dealing with this and other related concerns, such as in McDonald's meat. You could possibly get higher pay for the additional time and scouting required to check it out as well as after-strategy for safety https://t.co/bpflI3HdjH
@ClintonFdn @chefjoseandres The Clinton's were into stealing from me. If it's my money use my name. Don't call it Clinton. Thanks for the work. How about some respect. Wishing you well and not terrorized like myself and my family were.
@KATUNews I like how creative they are but someone insane went around with a producer wallet and paid people to be mean to me so they could keep stealing my life. He had reason to disagree because I didn't like the porno. I do hope to eat another good donut tho.
@scaramuzza_d @SIMANGIATV @gigiandmiki Thanks. I don't want them given out like they were because it was very abusive. Also I noticed my daughter had belongings there with the dog and it was terrifying to wonder. Can you get an inquiry?
@ChiefDOutlaw @PortlandPolice Really since my wealth was a main target you need to sponsor me to consult. I was promised by a section Chief I'd be paid as an adult for the work I did as a child also, so Commander Carol Anderson is ordering respects of her title as Commander including pay. And car.
@SenGillibrand Have you allowed me to be identity frauded or my resources used without permission? If so you are not wanted there. If you are supportive, help me directly re the problem.
@SenGillibrand You can't run for President. It's not legal. Neither is a Supreme Court Judge. But I'm above the Judge as a consultant which is Legal, because it was.
@RnfrstAlliance @NatGeo Please schedule in a parasite and worm and vector control assessment. I would like to get an ownership report.
@tedcruz The photo looked like a missing American. You have to not be mean to that American's family or the guy himself. Did they take his money? The guy was against drugs.
@SpeakerPelosi @OfficialCCSF Nancy please.	Nancy please.	Won't you ple-e-ease Help Me!	When I was young but not much younger than today;	I really needed help from you in some of several ways.	Help me if you can I'm not admitting to you,	But ple-e-ease help ME!	Misery SET was right next do-o-or.
@PramodKunju We take breaks but don't shutdown. They can't steal so they have to stop that. Also abuse.
@USArmy @KansasGuard Some of these people were from pirate abduction genealogy but I don't know why you were there so I want you to recover from it too. I recommend counsel and remedial humanity remedies. They get mad for the same reasons as you, like if you are stepping out on your wife. Religion?
@XposeTrophyHunt Hi. I have an interest and projects going somewhere that could possibly help. If you can assist me on something we can deal with things like this.
@RobRobbEdwards @_AnimalAdvocate Ask me personally for help. If you can assist me you could deal with this in a way not upsetting to people or animals.
I'm talking about where KISS, Heather, or Anita have been.
With So Much Immigration and Wars since Korea, Nam, Desert Storm, and Religious Exchanges as well as migratory blacks and promiscuity or rape, this is almost a  topic for all.		Congress, let's check out getting a program to areas which we investigated for sex abuse or syphilis. https://t.co/KPUznIzKWr
@Leics_Veggies @Animal_Watch @7 Don't attack meat at all. Have vegans wanted to hurt chickens?
@dlinnman @KGWNews Caring Determined Decent Honest Forthright; Not a Thief, Not a Molester
@USDAFoodSafety Farms may have been hit in this area in 2014. And then again last year. Homeless Advocate Fraudulent Seizures, non-owners and extra-cultural worker/users.
@Emeril Dear Emeril,		⏩Those kids were identity frauding. Your debts if you had any to Mary are to me as her heir and the heir of her estate or my other estates. I was named Mary at birth. If you paid those other kids or their associates it wasn't correct. Please help re food safety.
So they are demanded to vote for and enforce getting pay to me for my work, starting with this comment:		So-called law revisions allowing stealing are not really backed up and the seemy gains might not be helpful at all. Don't take these advantages and correct them if you have. https://t.co/RmCYOZ8ysZ
As a young underaged Lady, I visited Congress and was impressed by the Respect. Then, another separate session demanded me to rise up to handle ridiculous displays WITH RESPECT to all. I did fairly well and was proud. They approved pay to me as a consultant.
Is it dangerous to write about moral fortitude and reduced susceptibilities to deathly attacks?  Another treatise I want pay for. Tyler.
@TylerFlorence @napafilmfest @TheUptownNapa Looks nice. I own Riders. I don't allow things you probably don't like in general. And they have to be nice to me, not fraudulent nor stealing or sinning against me or my property there. That means Mr. Chiarello is thanked for advising. Maybe he could handle some stuff like it.
@RobinWeaverOSBA My interests are in civil maintenance through basics which are protective in their actions toward standards.		Fraudulent Legal Rulings in Oregon to prevent payments and steal property may have ruined America through terrorist affects and insults to Lifesavers.		Team bids ask.
@mikeroweworks I have to write for a hottie like you.	Do I know what to say Rowe V. Way	Via Kentucky Arkansas Nevada	Dear Mike let me count the ways.	Rowe Rowe Rowe Do you know me Rowe Rowe Rowe		For a hottie like you.	I don't even remember what you do.	Rowe Vee University of Me.	Rowe won idk.
@ValaAfshar @FishLaw Hello. Looking for advocacy. Fight choreographer won star 🌟 on Hollywood Boulevard. Owed for all sorts of properties coming out of that and important legal case as well as music and an important legal contract. Missing kids. Can you help me? I have honors; it would help America.
@nytfood Hi! Special notice to you. I am the American author of Riders, also an appellate Judge and I own them. They have to benefit me and not be harmful to me and I have to see them. Can you get this out? Also pay for them had to come to me. Blessings.
@frenchrap Bon soir Rappers! Honours Via	Jeune Fille	Jeune Fille	Jeune Fille.	No sais no sais no sais	Oui un peu petit et integrite es grand	Es Large, c'est mon Frere.	In tu c'oeur. Amies.	En Francais, c'est mon Frere de Freres, C'est Charles.	Charlie! Charlie! Charlie! 	Oui!
@Ludacris Hi. I was hit hard and need my babies. So I remembered creating Rap around 1975. And I gotta charge for membership. I pay out to outdo damages to my family. But right now I need a house. Hip-Hop too. I created it and wrote Hip Hip Hop. C.A. Anderson.
@llcoolj Hey. I have remembered you. I want to charge for my production time and dues. Thinking about registration fee. No bad words. Nothing derogatory to females. No criminal advocacy. What do you think? Plus the fee for participation. That's non-negotiable. It's good to pay.
@SnoopDogg Hi Snoop. I woke up and need to chat about dirty cash. That okay? I need someone other than Jim but maybe I will have someone else who has an account soon. Text? Thanks 😥
I had Amnesia. I remembered creating Rap under a mentor and hearing through the phone someone attacked him and my other friend. FF to 1985ish and 17 guys who are likable now made cold rain and a slow bus with no cover.  Now it's payment time for the creation. 4GoodLife+Respect.
@StateDeptPM Hi. I created Rap and Hip-Hop while binder attack at school in 1975. Jim had blacks agreed in 1985ish, the first major set including Snoop. These guys owe me for using my genre. I need men to collect and to me for Honors. Commissions Available.
@WestPoint_USMA Hi. I am giving you a chance to reduce Honors Debt by helping to collect for Rap and Hip-Hop registration revenues to Gen. Carol Anderson, produced by over a thousand artists. Contact me with interest. 7 Stars. Reduce in-country criminals. US Congressional Gallery
@LionelRichie @chancetherapper Hey Mr Richie. Rap has to pay me and so do you. Bad luck not to. Because of honors for one thing, you friendly fire f.
@chancetherapper Hi. Is Vince your Dad? I own Rap. Maybe he'd like to help. I have to collect fees for participation.
@IamStevenT @Aerosmith Dear Steve Tyler. Years ago men needed to be nice to honors owners for lack of repercussions and it works. So if you see a husband of mine tell him to pay spouse support or properties usage and favors to Queen Carol, produced by over a thousand artists. Like Francis.
@THR Hello Hollywood. It is important to know the origins and ownership of Rap and necessity of respects to owner and creator C.A. Anderson. Text.
@LatinGRAMMYs Uno grasso momento. Ola! Rappers y Hip-Hop registracion necessario con C.A. Anderson primo Rapper en 1975 es la Bonita nina seniorita professor doctor honoraria en Rap creacion. Prima es grande importante por mucho success. Tweet. Por Qualification.
@RecordingAcad @kendricklamar @jayrock @1future @jamesblake @AndersonPaak Rappers all have to register with the owner of Rap and Hip-Hop, C.A. Anderson.
@RecordingAcad @donaldglover Dear All. Rappers must register with the owner of Rap and Hip-Hop, C.A. Anderson. Thanks.
@RecordingAcad Is that your son? Would you like to be supported against child endangerment? I would love for you to do a Rap for Kids Safety and Health to save kids. The Genre is mine due to creating it after harrassment. Rap and Hip-Hop. Thanks. Registry appreciated. Brave folk have help.
@motown @RecordingAcad @DianaRoss Hi. Motown. I'm creator of Rap and Hip-Hop. They have to register with me. There are rules. It's because I have honors as a lifesaver and it is bad luck for you to dishonor me at all. So register them with me. Thanks. Queen Carol. theemporerdrcarol@gmail.com.
@RecordingAcad @youngthug Is it Rap. I'm really Thuggy C.A. Anderson but I am not a Thug. So I have to tell you for your own safety that you register Rap production with me and pay fees or it is unlucky. It's because I have honors for saving millions so I have to help you not kill people.
@MichelleObama @RecordingAcad @aliciakeys Dear Obama. I have to tell you because of being important for lifesaving it is damaging to you if you are discreditable to me and that is not superstitious. It's true. So I created Rap and Hip-Hop and they have to register with me or they may have bad luck for non-payment. Legal.
@billboard Hi billboard. I love billboard. I own Rap. It comes from harrassment and it is bad luck to be mean to me because I have honors for lifesaving. So they have to register with me. Want to talk about a partnership? C.A. Anderson.
@MTV Hi! Breaking News to Jim-ites. I created Rap a long time ago and Hip Hop. Artists need to license with me to produce. No dirty words or derogatory female terms nor promotion of crime or you can't profit. All money would then go to my Morals in Music Committee.
@RecordingAcad @iamcardib Hi. Have you heard about Morals in Music Committee? Rap is an important human rights advocacy genre and I own it since its creation.  I have honors for lifesaving and important roles which are treasonous to be rude to, which puts you under attack if you do that, so please text.
@RecordingAcad @donaldglover Hi. We're you produced by Jim? I own Rap. You have to arrange with me for licensing and instructions on what's allowed. It's an honors category because that's why it was made. Dishonors equals treasonous and bad luck. Send a message to me.
@RecordingAcad @kendricklamar @jayrock @1future @jamesblake @AndersonPaak All Rap Artists Owe The Morals in Music Committee for Rap. It had a story and I'm it. Jim wanted to harrass me and he used you guys after hurting his own son and another guy who smiled at a four year old Honors kid. You have to be good to me because bad is treasonous. Thanks.
@RecordingAcad @kendricklamar @jayrock @1future @jamesblake @AndersonPaak Hi. Morals in Music Committee checking if you are producing with Jim? I own the genre and it's treasonous to be ride to me because I've saved millions of lives and other honors so I have to tell you to meet with me. Thanks. Gen. Carol Anderson, age 4.
@RecordingAcad @Drake Hi. Are you working with Jim? I own Rap and you need to talk to me buddy. Thanks. Glad you are for God.
@driverminnie @RecordingAcad @brandicarlile Hi Minnie. You recall we spoke re borrowed stuff? I need a favor. My daughter is missing and I was kind of messed up from invasions and I was wondering if you could be a friend. I don't steal so I couldn't accept something I didn't remember from amnesia so I have to cry.
Protecting against Old gangsters like Jim Day who had prevented artists from paying me, loving me, marrying me, consorting, performing supportively as a husband or friend, following the law and has caused hardship and even torture directly or indirectly. https://t.co/cHVtKxt3K0
Hey, I'm Baby. I'm Anderson, Carrie. Carol Anderson. Rap, Hip Hop, Mary N Theodore. I'm over 1000 Artists. I was Opening Statement. I'm really Beth. Charles's. Not Old Man Jim's. Award Return Ineligible if they owe myself or Myself through Estates. https://t.co/TcKrD5mogt
@TwitterMoments @BTS_twt Contract Law derived from my Queenship required that all contracted moments have NO protection offered for criminals or dishonors to YOUR HONORS such as myself. Plagiarists or nonpayers of me must be shunned and not honored. Justice Carol Anderson, consulting judge. I worked.
@TwitterMoments @BTS_twt Dear Grammys		Carol Anderson has explicitly ordered that all clients of Riders treat her with the special assumption of preferential treatment offered to their amazing best friend attorney who had given them love and life and health through the protection of her Contract Law.
I vote completely against this as it has torn my family apart, supported attacks on America, and turned people into thieves. All nays. Congressperson CAROL ANDERSON-Nutter https://t.co/PfoSUpIqni
@WilliamShatner Hi. Baby Sitter! 		Skinnamarinkity skinnamarinkity skinnamarinkity Doo		The Baby wants a plane again,	It's really not up to you.		Don't get arrested for theivery. It's nice for them to feel for whatever you have of mine.		Dear Mr. Observer,		I'd like to get back that living feeln
@genesimmons Dear Mr. Simmons;		You are not allowed to vote to pay me or not. Since your payment to me was misdelivered you need to make good on it.		Late. B.
@mitchlafon @THEKINGDMC @IamStevenT Hi Tyler. Don't be MEAN and a liar about other people's art. Hip Hop Hop was me and Rap was in the 70's too and it's me that originated it before my friend was hit for loving me like a good Christian is said to or maybe a beau. I love you. Be nice.
An evil sorcerer wished no work for them and others to trade their life.		I had the name Mary as a baby and worked hard to be beautiful. Someone wished it on Amy who kind of began to look like me and her Mom got huge wealth my Moms owed to me. My family has suffered. But, ...
@JohnCleese Dude, I ordered the station pieces when they were running out of bandwidths. It's mine, and I was a Fox because an important guy said I was. I was his baby and I wore his Tags like a wife but they hit my belly not my neck.
@ClimateLas Hello Dears. Had you heard of my self-interning reclimatization project from 88ish? Ozone Repair, re-forestation, useful plant cultivation operating with multicontinental cooperation. Have you seen the Ozone reads lately? I could use a go-to guy for funds access etc.
@CBAO1974 Marijuana isn't legal in America. The reason is also related to adultery by my husband who began estate robbery with an identity fraud "witch" named Anita who assaulted my young spouses and Royal Guards when I was 11. She followed Heather Merseth an eco-terrorist Rapist thief al.
@TheNTLtop100 That's a distanced opinion regarding your specific topic. I am tired and cranky. Did you steal Carol Anderson property also? Slap some cuffs on Andrea Nutter over there and ask who she slept with.
@TheNTLtop100 Yes. Non-abusive limits for conservative recoveries also non-abusive to the public and remorse in reduced excessive usorial demonstrational awards allowing for reduction in gang-like prevention of recovery. Entertaining unlimited time limit on accusals for excusable delays.
@GeorgeTakei Piracy by Self-admitted Asian Molester-Rapist Theives doesn't thrive Takei. I'm Star Trek. You are scumbag. How dare you extort or blackmail your friend into you raping him and taking over his piracy of my props and other assets! Don't do it. Don't get it dirty. Owner of Jim.
@natlawreview @McDermottLaw I don't like nuts attacking Kavanaugh.		Get ineligible out first. Like Sandra, Thomas, any scuzball debtor nominated or supported by Estate Robber "Jim Day" or "Ted" "Kaye".
@NPR It is not nice to invalidate another artist or Royal by ineligible use of Royal Titles which have to be run by me as a Royal;		As the person owed from family creation in music and acting professions and land; women taken advantage of for their obvious assets. I'm tired and cranky
@MarkRuffalo @AOC @SenMarkey @sunrisemvmt Dear Ruffalo. Have her send me some notes on it please. I'm interested in God's Country but not uncomfortable force generation in improper locations. No more place change pork.
@KamalaHarris Like forced sex?
@hwinkler4real Do u want to Rap with me? Black People and Jim owe for hurting two knights and beau families over me producing the Rap Genre with them. Did you see his Midriff Shirt? That guy opened a jar of something for me once and he is nice to have gabbed with me too when I needed company.
@BlueWaveCS Woe, doggy doggy woof, woe doggy run. Ooo- Wah!! Who's that? Had they paid to be on the bud? 🚌 No, it's not civil. The cat that paid doesn't do drugs or have syphilis so her don't want to run with the rioters or the killers who stole a house from the beautiful founder's daughter
@WilliamShatner I love William Shatner for Still Standing on his LAP.
@PaulStanleyLive I think I own all your addresses now Mr. Handsome. Was that you who I liked for bringing me a sandwich and a bottle? It's not enough dough for I love Portland dude! I liked the free $10 facial but why do I have to be upset to try to be repaid? You know I'm the tired statue right?
@EddieTrunk @Rocklahoma @IDLBallroom @SaxonOfficial @StubWire @DEBConcerts Hi. Spielberg cut me out of a chat room as IM Sirius in 2000ish because I'm "The Most Beautiful Woman In The World." I heard he watched my award-winning training film free without compensation to me. Can you connect us? Thanks!!!
@tacobell A Surgeon General Food Inspection Location. Please take a look for odd cheese formations or other concerns which are more obvious.
@genesimmons I haven't seen a check f for Demonic Shoes Company yet. Have you paid the Crocs co.? I defend copyrights and hadn't liked you when you didn't pay and were disrespectful to an owner.
@HahnLoeser Really exciting! Are you looking at incorporating food safety yet? A Surgeon General is studying 200 year old health issues which are still current, because of advancing undercurrents, with success! Also security, maintaining insurance and standards such as... for defense and____
@JohnCleese Hello. So you know I am controlling Contract and Rider Overseer Management After Amnesia 101. I am still in love with you. I MUST be BENEFITTED. Not dead, Justice Carol Anderson. I order, they pay. Need favors. Apartment or house. Innocent. Car. Driver. Detective.
@GeorgeTakei Hey George. I'm actually Star Trek and I don't like you guys using it. I don't like calling you here instead of Alien William Shatner. But I have to order you to not break the law about sodomy because of young men and boys and missing girls. No hay just pay.
@WilliamShatner Needed:		U Know I'm Rainbow.	And Star Trek is me and My Neighbor the inspiration.	My hair, the Pale Gold Silk you spoke of.		The Baby Who Lived Alone. Little Miss Carol Anderson.		Will you help me drive to pick up my fees Jim? My contracted drivers never showed.
@hwinkler4real Hi. I am a past relief vacation plan writer. I saved lives and Ozone in Africa. At 7 I saved an actor from Jim by a Rider. Ron stole. I need my cress. Rider users have to benefit me as their attorney, such as helping me re anything I need to know or limo rides.😭
@BenAffleck Hi. I wrote a great program for Africa c. 1988 reportedly prevented 100 mills+ rapes. I had amnesia from attacks from two terrorist blondes and ass. Please pay me if you watched the unauth minor if award-winning fight film. Req. Benefit Rider Writer 🌟 Carol Anderson.
@MichaelKeaton Is this you? It was love one day a long time ago when the little Several Star General, attacked by terrorists at school since age 4, called you for an audition. You have to make them quit taking advantage of their attacks and quit making money off of False Plaintiff ID's. Thanks.
@RealRonHoward Hi. Please quit stealing and pirating. You owe for watching and training from the unauthorized award-winning edit of my Fight Film, a real bantam weight heavy weight KO fighter personally permissed by Rocky to use his techniques when I wrote and directed it.
@CoralTwining Beetle Juice is owned by Carol Anderson not any other. Please don't pay anyone else.
@ArchDigest Asking for enforcement assistance against Evil Jim the Illegal Monopoly Pirate who supported Heather in piracy. The name Beetle Juice is mine and may not pay Heather or associates at all.		Judge of Everything, Award Winner Carol Anderson.
@41Strange Beetle Juice is owned by me, not Heather. Please coordinate with me.		It is really positive outlooks toward a better life.		Please cease horror activity with my labels and stop payments to plagiarists Heather and the molestation subregation swindlers.
@Curcimusic Please contact me. Beetle Juice is owned by me, not Heather.
@ExaGridDba Please contact me. The Beetle Juice Franchise is owned by me, not Heather.
@espn Hello. You are one of my companies. Please don't support the Beetlejuice Franchise as it has pirated your owner's award and property, the name, "Betelgeuse" which was meant to mean better living through good stories, not anything horrific.		Thanks Guys!		Yay for ESPN!!!
@NAACP_LDF It is not acceptable to manipulate the law for terrorist-like groups or other minorities or ignore its intent. No forced usage of an owner's personal property per Civil Rights protections. Justice Carol Anderson; Nutter.
@natlawreview @vonBriesen I am not authorizing any general funds to counties because of mental health political holds and technoethics human rights violations. I don't authorize or sign for or pay for terrorism-resembling acts or facility designs either. No other, husband, manager or person is authorized.
@KISSOnline Please be good about pizzas and don't make places gross near where you have been seen, label.
I had permission to love you in the morning		And in the afternoon		To love you	In the evening		And underneath the moon.		To Mr. Jimmy Durante, my children, and my loyal friends, like my dog who sat still for me to smooth her beautiful face and nose and hair, I love you.		❤
@RollingStones @MickJagger @officialKeef For the baby? Did you like my song to not be killed? It was dedicated to Grandma. Recognized me as your Number 1. Put my Aunt through college ten years. Did you meet her? I have to get a car and driver to try to pick it up.
@PrimeVideo Dear Harrison. I luv u too.		"The Most Beautiful Woman In the World" remembers to forgive you tonight for robbing me when you watched my award-winning training film. It is now protected by an adult. Your fee pays for recovering missing kids. --Thuggy, Rap Founder and Owner.
@PaulStanleyLive If you cared you would not have robbed from Golda or destroyed "God's Country."
@genesimmons Gene Simmons, "The Most Beautiful Woman In The World" hated you for stealing her makeup and work and stalking her and photographing her, for having her husband and the DA killed and for not paying her and for hurting a lot of Americans. "Big Disgrace." https://t.co/ed1UDSkzxv
@changethenypd @NAACP_LDF @NYjusticeleague @NydiaVelazquez @cmenchaca @JustLeadersUSA @bradlander @Sensei_BJ @CLOSErikers @BikingPublic @NYCLU The guy that started the HR campaign needs to pay me for his upset to me as The King of France, Fernandin, The (specific) Bishop's Ward (to wife for him or his and my choice) and Heir, a (daughter and lifesaver position), for being Greedy for my other estate cares, and RENT.
@rlabuzinski @laltman Never Steal With Image.
@WhiteHouse Call me.
@espn 👍
@TimGunn @heidiklum @PrimeVideo Hi. Harrassed and attacked to Amnesia. It started with War &amp; the birth of RAP and Hip-Hop, for which Carol Anderson, C.A. Anderson, Carrie, Thuggy is owed. The SuperModel is interested in data from you Tim! Moneys are due for any Rap or Hip-Hop or "Carrie" et. al. usages. Thanks!
@PaulStanleyLive Need a billing address. Strawberry Blonde Little Girl. A Virgin Mary, Carol Anderson. Inaugural Concert. Please pay delivery, witness, good Samaritan Rescue, damages charges on master recording, etc. to the suffered little 👧. Judge Carol said please provide IOU and compensation.
@genesimmons Hello Gene. I was a Judge when I ordered you to pay for products and services per our negotiation and I am ordering that again as well as ease of discovery and removal of harassment, esp. from husbands. Jim. Witch outfits. No stalking. Required direct concise comm. re payment. :)
@ModaCenter @KISSOnline Hi. A famous talking baby wants regarding KISS babies, t-shirts, General Manager Commentary, 👦 Boy Rescue, interrupted obvious intent to pay, titlework, commissions, negotiations, loss of escort. Send written communication, offers, cash, my papers, cars, etc. Happiness owed.
@AmericanIdol @LionelRichie @DisneyAulani @mrBobbyBones @LukeBryanOnline @katyperry @RyanSeacrest Hope you received my tip about using sulphur-based products for blacks.		As a higher court judge I have revisited my previous conclusion and confirmed.		You, all, singly, together, exclusive, inclusive, whatever have to pay the artist, Carol Anderson, for her work. No excuses.
@OregonChai Hi. Looking into your product lately. Enjoyed it. Are you still using that warehouse building with the 7? I needed to check with them on a contract. Thanks.
@BarackObama This is really interesting. Could you please check into need for repayments caused by intercultural misunderstandings while using offices or superpower assistance through interagency revolutions?		Regarding fraudulent search or seizures or usages or unallowable pardons.😊
@KING5Seattle Yay!
Please support help for missing kids!		The Emporer Dr. Carol	US Congressional Gallery President President and Representative	 Miss Carol Anderson	Dr. Carol Anderson	Ms. Carol Nutter	Multiple Honors Statuses https://t.co/nlHTX6H1Cl
@_Slimm7 @Seahawks I loved him. Great actor too.
@KING5Seattle He looks good here. Is he in support of my children living?
@PensAndPatron HI. Please be supportive of Industry Truth for Good Moral Results in Life. Return of missing kids.
@KING5Seattle @ChrisDaniels5 Seadogs, Seaworthies
@realDonaldTrump If I think u need it you'd have it. Checkbbok please? And make sure my husband is with the right girl.
@RogerCookTOH @ThisOldHouse Yay for Deere Engineers!
@Casaza Might be gay people there? Can you ask young adult males to come up with some society safety standards, like, retraining for all gays who may have been molested, for treatment of themselves and others when young? I'd like a co-author on it, I think.
@OhioRestaurant @siptoledo Looks like it could be clean. Bright photo. Good work.
@NCGrimes8264 I'm looking for a salient big mouth to represent me on my ownership of Riders. They could use any tactic which would work in primary school up through above highly achieving Prof. A principal like a tough negotiating family man?
@realDonaldTrump I'm from Russia too but please return my checkbook straight to me, Barney.		Did you care at all when a Mexican invaded Barney because Adam Sandler decided to harrass me on a family vacation? My name's on the checks. Just call me please.
@chipgaines Amen Amena, except for Judges for Justice, Truth, Morality, and the American way for The People to live and not die, yes? I Forgave Too Much and was killed by a kid from 5th Grade. How do I forgive the death of every husband AND stolen beauty tricks by witches?
@BarackObama Hello. Can you help with post-clearance check deambiguation and buy me a skytown clean and cleanable health research spalab for family and mr and me?  I'm Mrs. Jones. Just What is your black debt to me, Leader of the Blacks?		SHALOM, no new holocausts please.