Donald J Trump is building the WALL just as he promised and the MORONS who are the DEMOCRATIC PARTY can't do a thing about it.	TO BAD DEMOCRATS YOU LOST!
@RealJamesWoods Your welcome my friend we enjoy reading your twits the American people is in big trouble if and when the democrats take back power in America James woods keep your comments coming the liberal democrat morons doesn't like but who cares what they like.
Good afternoon Twitter how is everyone be sure to watch my YouTube channel markie Shumate I appreciate if you would subscribe to my channel thanks
@ChuckCallesto You hit the nail on the head Roseanne she is a 	BUG EYED BITCH
@ChuckCallesto What a lowlife piece of CRAP jussie smollett needs to be jailed for the maximum amount of years for his false hate crimes attack jail this moron
@DanielPruce Daniel be sure to subscribe to my YouTube channel markie Shumate I am in Dumaguete city Philippines I have over a hundred videos my friend
It is totally clear to me the democrats don't care about American citizens with this new Bill if anyone VOTES Democratic are differently MORONS they have went so far left to socialism it is scary.
President Trump do not take this deal it is not what the American people wants as a American citizen I want border security call a national emergency build the wall the way it should be Sir.	The American people stands behind you DONALD J TRUMP 2020
@IlhanMN And that was a mistake by my government to let your liberal dumbass in my country all you liberal comments. I am afended by all of your comments why don't you preach your CRAP in Somali ilhan
My latest YouTube video markie Shumate everyone be sure to subscribe to my channel it just uploaded. 	https://t.co/3DZw3rAz5b
AOC is the laughing stock of the Democratic party with her new green deal. Oh my god this woman is a total embarrassment to America how in the Hell could the MORON'S of New York voted for this liberal idiot.
The Democratic New bill is totally ridiculous stop cow's from farting are you kidding me WTF they think they are going to stop green house gases in the atmosphere is this all they can come up with a bunch of MORON'S
@kimszc1 Describe Obama let me see by far the worst president in the history of America a moron a total idiot his whole administration was corrupt politicians did I leave anything out!!!!!!
@dbongino AOC is always wrong this liberal goon is dumber than a box of ROCK'S
@RealJamesWoods @ICEgov The president needs to invite ICE to the State of the union address to arrest these illegal immigrants.
@charliekirk11 Every against JUSTICE KAVANAUGH was nothing but LIES by the democrats it is time to drain the swamp with these lowlife democrats I am talking about Kamala Harris and Cory Booker to name two lowlife MORONS.
@ABC Spartacus just needs to give it up now he wouldn't make a pimple on a president's ASS
@PaulieD55 @Krm1285A Stop the slaughter of the unborn innocent children of America BABIES LIVES MATTERS
@Jamierodr10 @grilldealer And the Democratic party want to kill children stop the slaughter of the unborn children the democrats has become children killer's
@heyitsCarolyn @CarolHo64974250 Illegal killing Human life's  BABIES LIVES MATTERS
@conservativma @DeplrbleRzistr Save the unborn children of the United States of America BABIES LIVES MATTERS
Killing the unborn infant's is sick	BABIES LIVES MATTERS
Save the future children of America 	BABIES LIVES MATTERS
@SebGorka @dixie_normas @realDonaldTrump She has passed away
@LucyKnows1 @EdHerna48015761 @POTUS BABIES LIVES MATTERS
@brithume BABIES LIVES MATTERS
@LisaMei62 @bangolure BABIES LIVES MATTERS
@GovMikeHuckabee @GuyReal7 BABIES LIVES MATTERS
@deenie7940 Medicare for all illegal immigrants oh yes I am sure this will work for America.
@Cali_Tracii @SilasHodgson You can thank Nancy Pelosi for this her liberal views her stupidity policies her corruption the list go on and on and on and on.
@Cali_Tracii @SilasHodgson I am pretty sure this is a good reason to leave San Francisco it is clearly hell on earth.
@lilbulli1031 @ArizonaKayte BABIES LIVES MATTERS
@KamVTV BABIES LIVES MATTERS
@SarahPalinUSA @GuyReal7 Someone slap AOC what a complete moron
@vahousegop @VAHouseDems BABIES LIVES MATTERS
@IlhanMN WTF this is not Somali Congresswoman
@KimberlyMrsRR1 @Cannoli_Joe BABIES LIVES MATTERS
@JimDeMint BABIES LIVES MATTERS
@CalebJHull BABIES LIVES MATTERS
@RealJamesWoods @Nike Kneel before your shoes NIKE karma has away
BABIES LIVES MATTERS
Babies in America are dying by the hands of the democrats.	BABIES LIVES MATTERS 	This clearly the death of the Democratic party with there stupidity policies WTF
The governor of Virginia and the governor of New York are definitely the devils with this third trimester abortion this is clearly discussing behavior by the democrat governor's I will fight for the rights of the unborn infant's what has happened to America people.
Paul Ryan is the blame for the BORDER WALL he has failed the Republican party and American people with his stupidity. 	Trump blames former Speaker Paul Ryan for not getting border wall funding		https://t.co/kg4USzOi5F
As a American citizen I am fighting back against the liberal democrat morons who wants to kill third trimester abortions liberal's morons if this is what they are running with in 2020 they will go down in flames this is sick and discussing who in there right mind would do that.
If you look at the PAST HISTORY of the democrats that RUNS for president they always make promises that never happens every democrat will lie to the American public to get in office they never keep there promises THIS IS THE FACTS OF THE MATTER.
You know healthcare benefits for all would be the American dream but in	Reality it would be the end of America as we know it. Democrats are making promises they can keep Democratic party has failed the American people Kamala Harris is the worst candidate for the American people.
Clearly the democrats will not provide protection on the southern  international border the leadership of the democrats has failed in the American citizens best interest this is a national emergency at the BORDER this is totally ridiculous.
@ChuckCallesto Flake doesn't have a chance to become the next  president .
@ChuckCallesto Book of fools should be the name of Acosta book because he is a fool
@joey_maga @JasonSm90876769 @AOC This moron AOC nothing could make her intelligent she is dumber than a box of ROCK'S
@RealJack @5dimelo God bless the Republican party this is clearly bullshit the way Rodger Stone and Paul manafort was arrested the real criminals are the democrats liberal MORONS
@heyitsCarolyn @5dimelo Why is it Republicans are investigated and Democrats are above the law someone please tell me the difference.
@ChuckCallesto WTF treasonous actions
@ChuckCallesto Hell no life in prison without parole
@realDonaldTrump Okay Mr President Nancy Pelosi made it pretty clear she still won't accept anything deal from you on the border WALL the American people wants BORDER SECURITY start with the national emergency it's protect American citizens Nancy Pelosi doesn't care about American life's.
New York trying to take are second amendment rights away I remember in high school everyone had a rifle hanging up in every truck in the school parking lot WTF happened
@RealBasedMAGA @AugustSandmeier WTF are you kidding me over my dead body raghead
@JFNYC1 @Rosemar06585176 Good luck with that the liberal democrat morons are above the law no one goes after them.
@realDonaldTrump People are reading Mr President the Democratic party is taking full credit for the reopening of the government. The Democratic party we never deal with you three weeks is a waste of time give them a chance I say BUILD THE BORDER WALL NOW.
@RedNationRising @PatriotGirlAz Ruth Bader Ginsing has died she had complications with her surgery it is time to move on put a Republican judge in the supreme court.
What I meant the American government is out of control political prosecutors political FBI political DOJ I am glad I don't live in America now I am worried about the American people look at Rodger Stone you could be there next victim.
RT @MarkShumate19: I am a American citizen I am horrified by the way the Democratic party and the FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION is handli…
I am a American citizen I am horrified by the way the Democratic party and the FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION is handling what is going I am glad I don't not live in America now just because of out of control political prosecutors in America it is a Sad day for American citizens
It is a SAD day here in America the way Rodger Stone was handled this morning I am not buying that CNN was there by chance bullshit.	Political this is what this is all about Sad day for American citizens.	The FBI full swat gear 29 AGENTS for a elderly man WTF.
Donald J Trump please open up the American government and than call for a NATIONAL EMERGENCY and build the WALL for BORDER SECURITY America wants border security the democrats will never deal with you every it will not happen protect American citizens we stand behind you.
Nancy Pelosi is 78 years old she is SENILE she is a danger to the American public with her socialism and stupidity policies it is time for her to be removed from office not many Senators from her own party does not like her people of America we want better NOW!!!!!
@RealJamesWoods James someone needs to get her meds quick.
Everyone be sure to watch my YouTube channel markie Shumate and please subscribe thank you very much. 	https://t.co/bona7nBxxQ
Help me Andrew Cuomo want to kill me. https://t.co/6uW8Jsu81D
@RealJamesWoods @toreilly True word's my friend always stand your ground.
@SteelTyton @ChrisBragdon It is time to take back America from lowlife thugs like this your right this is totally unacceptable two children at a mall and have this moron attack them foe wearing a HAT.
The Democratic shutdown has gone on to long for most federal employees it is time to reopen the government and than call for a NATIONAL EMERGENCY and build the WALL these idiots that calls themselves democrats will not provide protection for American citizens.
My new YouTube video markie Shumate everyone be sure to subscribe to my channel thank you 	https://t.co/d9txtVrwMb
@ShawnG927 @Sekusa1 @TejasPsycho @SteelTyton @midwestright @winstonCovfefe @Maggieb1B @PauWitkowski @DeplorableJuJuV @Jetsta812 @TWITMO_INMATE @karli_bonne Good luck with that TUBBY
@usminority @AnnThacker2 @Twitter @pdabrosca @bigleaguepol The thing is they will never silence me I will open up another Twitter account
@usminority @AnnThacker2 @Twitter @pdabrosca @bigleaguepol I know the feeling well I have had my Twitter account suspended ten times now so this is my eleventh Twitter account I make comments about liberal democrats and Twitter  suspends my account .
@BlueLine614 @organic2016 @ChristieC733 @Tweets4MAGA @Jamierodr10 @jjauthor @GrizzMaestro @ConservaMomUSA @Jillibean557 @DanCovfefe1 @HyltonRobin @Goz_1911 I don't mind them protesting I mind that they are attacking children they have crossed the line.
@BlueLine614 @organic2016 @ChristieC733 @Tweets4MAGA @Jamierodr10 @jjauthor @GrizzMaestro @ConservaMomUSA @Jillibean557 @DanCovfefe1 @HyltonRobin @Goz_1911 Now why isn't these lowlife MORONS prosecuted by verbally abused 14 and 15 Covington christan school boy's these idiots needs to be jailed.
@TomFitton @BeverlyConserv1 Tom this is clearly the Democratic double standard rules do not apply to democrats they are above the law the untouchables
@JFNYC1 @organic2016 Nathan Phillips is nothing but a lowlife lier
BUILD THE WALL CRIME WILL FALL
@RealJamesWoods I put this on Instagram and Facebook we need to help this small baby this is absolutely horrible
@RealJamesWoods I can't believe someone would do that to a baby oh my god WTF I would personally love to find this person and do the same thing to this adult horrible poor baby retweet retweet retweet retweet retweet retweet
@RealJamesWoods Look at the tattoos on this person's arms this is a start find out who tweeted this on Twitter it doesn't matter what country child endangerment is everywhere in the world.
@RealJamesWoods Oh my god it's find this poor helpless child this is clearly child  endangerment find this child help retweet retweet retweet retweet retweet
@ChuckCallesto Alec Baldwin is beyond help I am not sure who rain on his parade he would be lucky not to beat the Hell out of the counselor at the ANGER MANAGEMENT CLASS
@RepStevenSmith @organic2016 Now how about the Disney producer who said I want to put these kids in a woodchipper I would say that is a terrorist threat
@McAllisterDen Everyone of these idiots should pay the price for what they said terrorist threats put them in jail and sue the hell out of them
@heyitsCarolyn @GuyReal7 Andrew Cuomo the new face of a serial killer how many baby's will Andrew kill cold blooded killer I hope he burns in Hell.
@heyitsCarolyn @GuyReal7 This man is truly the DEVIL bad things are coming his way KARMA what a lowlife loser heartless BASTARD
@LaylaAlisha11 @TeedIsMe I pray to God she wasn't Twerking
The mainstream media networks just made the Covington christan school boy's very  RICH with all the lawsuits against hundreds of liberal's morons it is high time for mainstream media networks to take responsibility for there comments.
@1776Stonewall Jim Carrey is a MORON
@marklevinshow Nancy Pelosi is one of the most corrupt politicians America besides Maxine waters
@marklevinshow I agree with you Mark RELEASE THE LAST TEN YEARS OF TAX RETURNS NANCY PELOSI
Nathan Phillips could be Elizabeth Warren has found her running mate the both of these idiots could lie there way through a presidential pretending something they are clearly not.
@RedNationRising @Rosemar06585176 This lowlife MORON needs to go huff some more paint or get him a bottle of whiteport and stay out of trouble Nathan Phillips is a complete lier this man lies about everything what a loser.
When John Kerry tells President of the United States to resign from office. When he is doing treasonous things with the government of Iran and making comments about the Republican party clearly the man is mentally unstable.
The Democratic party are nothing but liers everyone of them are liers it is a Sad day for American citizens socialism open border policies will be the end of America wake up American's it is time to stop the democrats in there tracks.
The Democratic party has become the most dangerous party in the history of America. The radical left has gone so far to the left they are putting American life's in jeopardy America as we know it will be destroyed by the democrats I am worried about my country.
The Democratic party has failed in America investigation after investigation after investigation after investigation into what Russian collusion clearly the democrats doesn't care about the American people this is nothing but abstraction of justice to impeach the President.
@1776Stonewall @Rosemar06585176 Nathan Phillips caused this total problem if anyone should be punished it should be this dumbass for beating his drum making a warpath on children put him in jail for his warpath on children
@1776Stonewall @Rosemar06585176 90 percent of the native Americans are alcoholic's, drug addict's,paint sniffers they can't remember one day from next Nathan Phillips is a prime example of this go sniff your paint can Nathan
Hello from Dumaguete city Philippines as a American citizen I want border security in America the obstruction of border security is wrong. https://t.co/wqTczYBcOb
Nancy Pelosi should be removed from office from her obstruction of America BORDER SECURITY American citizens are dying and the democrats would jeopardize the life's of American citizens her days of speaker of the house is numbered 800,000 federal employees depending.
Speaker Pelosi days are over she will bring death and terrorism to the American heartland with her socialism open border policies her corruption her time has come to remove this woman from Congress Donald J Trump make America Great Again Nancy Pelosi Year down America .
The Democratic party has failed American citizens all they want is impeach impeach impeach impeach impeach they clearly don't care about America this is doing the American people any good.
@ChuckCallesto American citizens should boycott all Disney's movie's for what this Disney producer said to children oh my god what a horrible person.
@ChuckCallesto This idiot is not sorry for anything a Disney producer I want to throw a 15 year old boy in a wood chopper he should jailed for terrorist threats to a child.
Much as I hate to see is the Democratic party will never deal with the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICAN it is time for National Emergency BUILD THE BORDER WALL open up the government this will go on and on Federal employees needs to be paid it is time America.
It's time to declare a national emergency at are southern border BUILD THE BORDER WALL save American life's the American people wants BORDER SECURITY PLEASE MISTER PRESIDENT the Democratic party will never deal with you this will go on do the right thing federal employees depends
@seanhannity Of course Hillary Rodham Clinton should have been charged with a FELONY criminal charges she should be jailed.
I am surprised I have not been suspended today for my comments on liberal democrats it is a miracle usually I they will suspend my account indefinitely it has happened 10 times but I don't make death threats and there are active account's about Covington christan school.
Thank you Ted https://t.co/6y3q4INpjL
@tomselliott @AOC And AOC is a expert at climate change's this moron doesn't know her ASS FROM a HOLE IN THE GROUND
@ali This is another example of liberal democrats that will never get suspended I make comments about liberal democrats and get suspended 10 times for political views on Twitter this is totally bullshit for this account to be active WTF Twitter
@Sweet_PeaBelle @just_Dolce1 Kathy Griffin is a washed up has been she is a MORON of course this is MORON would attack small school boys what a lowlife liberal MORON
@ChuckCallesto Ruth Bader Ginsing has passed away the mainstream media networks don't want these American public to know what the truth is it is time for a new supreme court judge Donald J Trump 2020
@Education4Libs @LouiseDuval13 This is the problem with social media and mainstream media networks are totally liberal MORONS
@Education4Libs @LouiseDuval13 I have had my Twitter account suspended ten times for making comments about liberal Democratic stupidity and to see this about Covington christan school death threats against children and Twitter won't suspend those account's is wrong WTF Twitter
@Education4Libs @LouiseDuval13 The children of Covington christan school are having death threats at them on Twitter and the GOD DAMM MORONS WHO WORKS FOR TWITTER YOU KNOW THEM THE LIBERAL DEMOCRATS BASTARDS WHO WORKS FOR TWITTER ARE NOT SUSPENDING LIBERAL ACCOUNTS BULLSHIT TWITTER LIBERAL BASTARDS
@Serremmy @ph_carlson Alyssa is to stupid to speak INTELLIGENTLY this person is mentally challenged with hate she is to far gone from reality personally I feel a red MAGA HAT would look good on her DUMBASS.
@RealJamesWoods @CNN James this is what the mainstream media networks has become child TERRORIST they want to hurt children with MAGA hats on what has happened to the mainstream media networks other than Donald J Trump.
@Im_bonafide @jbhappyguy @grannyanon1969 @ArmandKllein @John_R_Berna @OLDFLACO @Freedom2713 @frznsoonrmn @Barb4Ward @JP07goUSA @ProudAM26217245 @RealBlindPirate @tgslusher @Sam99AZ @BeverlyConserv1 @goldenbelle1823 @RunningOLine1 @Jewel4Trump @SLA1500 @Change Thank you brother
@jbhappyguy @grannyanon1969 @ArmandKllein @John_R_Berna @OLDFLACO @Freedom2713 @frznsoonrmn @Barb4Ward @JP07goUSA @ProudAM26217245 @RealBlindPirate @tgslusher @Sam99AZ @BeverlyConserv1 @goldenbelle1823 @Im_bonafide @RunningOLine1 @Jewel4Trump @SLA1500 @Change How the F _ _ _  did this moron get elected the people of her state are a bunch of lowlife liberal MORONS Omar should not be apart of the United States of America  she needs to be removed from office clearly.
In Nevada another illegal immigrant killing four American citizens WTF this has gone to far America protect American citizens close the international borders till we get BORDER SECURITY we as American citizens want what the democrats don't want BORDER SECURITY.
@SebGorka The real story was why was black activist calling 14 and 15 years old children out calling them white crackers this is bullshit and the mainstream media networks are totally wrong again as usual CNN MS13NBC ABC CBS NBC can't get anything right a bunch of lowlife liberal MORONS.
I wish the Democratic party and the Republican party could come together with a deal for the American people instead of helping said she said CRAP this is totally disgraceful to the American federal employees who are without a paycheck ridiculous.
@MAGAVoter America it is time for a new speaker of the house Nancy Pelosi has lost her mind her mental health has gone down hill in the last four years she should be removed from office
@MAGAVoter Nancy Pelosi is a complete moron with this idea of having Electronic watch DOGS on the border this moron should be removed from office she wants to MOW the lawn on the border for BORDER SECURITY oh my god she is a total embarrassment to the American people.
@MAGAVoter Nancy Pelosi has lost her mind totally ridiculous build the wall lier
Nancy Pelosi has never been on a trip to meet with Troops anywhere. How dare Nancy trying to leave Washington when 800,000 federal employees who are not receiving a paycheck this woman is so out of touch with reality now she needs to be removed from office for her disrespect.
@RealSaavedra ACO is a loser
Why Nancy Pelosi https://t.co/IrscqmaBdn
He is doing his job
This is totally embarrassing for CNN to say anything about this totally ridiculous she is with her husband and her is doing his job trying to keep peace in the world. The last time I looked Nancy Pelosi is not Secretary of State	https://t.co/u7HIzgCuXo
Twitter has suspended my account repeatedly because of support for Donald J Trump I have had eleven different Twitter account with thousands of followers and I have given my life for the United States of America and for the liberal democrats never get suspended is wrong.
Liberal's has slammed me repeatedly because of my support for Donald J Trump I have been called just about everything you can think of I don't remember them on the battlefield giving there life's putting there life on the line the American people is so divided now.
As a American citizen I am a patriot I have severed two tours I have two purple hearts for my service I gave my life for the United States of America I want BORDER SECURITY I WANT PROTECTION FOR MY FELLOW AMERICANS.	DO YOUR JOB DEMOCRATS THE PEOPLE OF AMERICA IS WAITING.
I feel it is time to the cancellation of the SUPER BOWL there are not enough FEDERAL SECURITY AGENT'S because of NANCY PELOSI and CHUCKELHEAD SCHUMER won't accept any deal with the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES. 	BUILD THE BORDER WALL WTF democrats!!!!!!!!!
Ben Smith and BUZZFEED are nothing but liers this goes to show the American public mainstream media networks platform's are destroying Donald J Trump and his administration this has been clear to me for a long time now this is a total embarrassment to mainstream reporting.
The BUZZFEED storyline Michael Cohen lied for Donald J Trump and CNN said it was 100 percent true mainstream media networks are totally dead these networks should be held accountable for there reporting Donald J Trump is right mainstream media networks are totally dead .
Jason Leopold and BEZZFEED should owes the American public  apologies for there stupidity they got caught lying to the American people these assholes should be held accountable for there comments clearly.
Mainstream media networks is dead you can't believe what the American mainstream media networks are saying the only one I trust is FOX NEWS they are the only mainstream media station I trust in. CNN NBC CBS MSNBC ABC are nothing but liers lying to the American public ridiculous.
Another example of mainstream media networks lying to the American people the so called bombshell report BUZZFEED lying the American people again and again and again CNN  MS13NBC ABC CBS all covered this lie with Michael Cohen this is totally outrageous mainstream media is dead.
If the American people believes Michael Cohen I can sale you some beautiful Ocean front property on the MOON !!!!!!!!!!
@gatewaypundit @kathygriffin Kathy Griffin is a true winner she is mentally unstable clearly she needs professional help
@tomselliott WTF this idiot is a American terrorist organization we should get rid of this MORON everything that comes out of her mouth is nothing but racist comments about the American president.
My thoughts as well. https://t.co/GKu9lEsgYq
Nancy Pelosi said wall's doesn't work she wants to MOW the lawn on the border and put electric computerized watch DOGS to protect American citizens are you kidding me Nancy. 	Earth to Nancy WTF are you talking about have you lost your mind.
Nancy Pelosi doesn't care about the American coast guard all the federal employees who are not receiving a paycheck for there service and she wants to go to the middle East WTF Nancy what is wrong with you Jesus Christ this is ridiculous do your job FUND the border wall.
All we need is a Dumbass rapper that can't spell her own name to criticize the way Donald J Trump is running late the country someone just needs to bitch slap this idiot.	https://t.co/JwA5EdPtlb
@ChuckCallesto A hole C is a complete idiot she shouldn't be in politics as a congresswoman
@TeaBoots @salis333 Everyone of the Democratic party are nothing but liers as far as I can see they are the most corrupt politicians America has ever had this is totally ridiculous build the wall now
Congress is a total joke now with the Democratic party going on vacation and Nancy Pelosi wanting to go to the middle East what is wrong with the Democratic party I see no end with the shutdown it is time for National Emergency.
@KamalaHarris This is another way the democrats will get in the American taxpayers pockets again Kamala Harris is a example of dumbass democrat
@James05235326 @Becky56992880 It time for the American people who are true patriots and have this moron removed from office Rashida tlaib is not a true American she wants what is best for the Palestinians
@RealSaavedra @PFSWealthGroup WTF Maxine waters should be removed from office for this CRAP
@TomFitton @HorsesRLove22 This will be a total disaster with these idiots Maxine waters and Alexandria there goes everyone's 401k oh my god corruption at the highest level
Be sure to watch my YouTube channel markie Shumate and please subscribe thank you very much 	https://t.co/bona7nBxxQ
The Democratic party has failed the American people by boycotting the white house today. Now this is a national emergency at the highest level the democrats going on there vacations and now blocking all border security and boycotting the white house it is time.
I meant Nancy Pelosi doesn't care about American citizens life's https://t.co/j9uGsPyGX2
@KamVTV Nancy Pelosi is a liberal MORON who cares about American citizens life's this moron should do her job or resign from office this is taxpayers dollars not Democratic  party money this is clearly political grandstanding with Nancy Pelosi
Okay this is a national emergency at are southern border.	The Democratic party has boycotted  the white house this has finally come to a head President of the United States must use his power to make a national emergency. 	The Democratic party blocking all border security.
@dwhfarmall Greed
It is time to clean up America get rid of illegal immigrants in are country most of them sale drugs on the side to make extra money they are bad people. The time has come to deport all illegal immigrants.
The meat processing plants in Dodge city,Kansas Garden City, Kansas  and Arkansas city,Kansas and Wichita, Kansas are employing illegal immigrants at these plants and the Denver, Colorado. They are stealing American citizens job's deport them now .
Democratic  Virginia Senator  Mark Warner is telling the American people DONALD J TRUMP is a Russian Spy .	Totally ridiculous
No foreign aid to any countries American citizens first before any foreign aid. 	BUILD THE BORDER WALL
We finally have a President of the United States of America that has the Balls to do his Job. https://t.co/eDjCUOOUhB
@cspan C- span is a fake mainstream media network now wow I always thought c- span is a great network but the truth is out there now another FAKE NEWS NETWORK
Ruth Bader Ginsburg has passed away it's time for a new supreme court nomination out with the old in with the New Republican judge.
@Comey The thing about it my friend is you are no 	Franklin D Roosevelt I am a patriot I am a Republican I have severed my country.	Trying to Destroy America I am pretty sure I am speaking for the American people you already have been judged two thirds of America has judged you guilty.
I feel the American taxpayers should decide what are money should pay for in America.	Cut off all illegal immigrants from welfare benefits cut all medical to all illegal immigrants why should American citizens pay for illegal immigrants healthcare benefits and welfare benefits.
I am hoping my Twitter followers will help my YouTube channel grow be sure to watch my YouTube channel markie Shumate and be sure to subscribe thank you very much https://t.co/MRO1gv3NKK
Nancy Pelosi is worth almost 194 million dollars this Democratic party leader is well over paid she won't do here job in Congress. https://t.co/u6rOnHIHcc
KEEPING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN SOUNDS GOOD TO ME 	PRESIDENT DONALD J TRUMP https://t.co/IqXU1iUeIZ
Now I am hopeful all of my Twitter followers will help me get monetize on my YouTube channel where I can buy my children a college education I am saving up for my boy's God bless each and everyone of you. https://t.co/p7XYeZY6Zk
Everyone be sure to watch my YouTube channel markie Shumate and please subscribe thank you very much https://t.co/ckgKR7FOGo
My wife and I wants to thank everyone for there support to the American President of the United States of America. 	God bless Donald J Trump 	From South East Asia https://t.co/XK3tnX5wqU
People of America is this unAmerican why would this idiot do something like this?	I am a patriot I love America I have severed my country seeing this CRAP pissed me off I want to bitch slap this moron. https://t.co/degvazdscI
Wow is what world has come too!	Women who can't wait to kill their own children now this is immoral Nancy Pelosi!!!!!! https://t.co/LTNYOMgS9R
Everyone be sure to watch my YouTube channel markie Shumate and please subscribe thank you https://t.co/SnljgGQwaF
Now I want all of my Twitter followers to subscribe to my YouTube channel markie Shumate thank you very much God bless you https://t.co/VlI2PA0UEr
Scott Israel is out the coward of broward country is out of work finely.
Okay the new mainstream media networks word is today is medieval wall yesterday it was manufactured crisis everyday there is a new word every mainstream media Will use
@LevineJonathan American domestic terrorist of America these three women are definitely enemies of America they should be silenced by the American people it is time to have these two idiot's removed from office and this activist jailed
@TobyObrien10 @JasonSm90876769 @Change Remove her from office before she gets someone killed with her socialism and stupidity
@AMErikaNGIRL07 @WeedHar71005304 Ana Navarro is a lowlife MORON
@AMErikaNGIRL07 @WeedHar71005304 Am
@CB618444 @jorgeramosnews Jorge you don't belong in America my country I hate what you stand for the people you try to protect are criminals you and your criminals friend's don't belong in my country
@Jenn198523 @realDonaldTrump It has been a long time coming for Ruth ginsing to resign thank God now who is next on the list to be the supreme court nomination
@poetWOAgun @sohos1963 This woman is definitely a terrorist of the American people she should be removed from office before she gets someone killed
@ChuckCallesto @PatriotGirlAz Jim Acosta  is a complete moron with coverage of the international border in McAllen Texas Thank you you idiot
Donald J Trump at the border in McAllen Texas with Border patrol agents with 500 pound's of illegal drugs and Nancy Pelosi back in Washington telling the American public she will never give Donald J Trump his money for BORDER SECURITY America is what we want as American's.
One the southern border there are illegal immigrants coming from 41 countries now that was captured yesterday in Texas we want a border security wall protection for the American people.
Mister President we the people of America stands behind you to use emergency funds on the BORDER SECURITY WALL the American people knows you have tried hard to work with the Democratic party this is clearly a losing battle it is time Sir we stand with you.
When I speak my mind on Twitter I am suspended on my account for good so I open up another account it is suspended this makes twelve Twitter account's now that I have opened up in the last I am tired of liberal Twitter employees block my Twitter account you will never silence me
Talk to your Congressmen now let him know how you feel about this matter I have spoken my mind with Congress. 	 https://t.co/ezDC0HwByw
@inforaminis @RealSaavedra @RachelSuperEli1 Ben you are so out of touch with reality your liberal views doesn't matter your stupidity is putting American life's in jeopardy personally I feel your a complete moron with your liberal views
The American people Deserves better we want border security we want American people to stop the lose of American life's by illegal immigrants I want border security I am very vocal about this subject American life's matter the democrats don't care about us.
@Acosta Another day of grandstanding Showboat Jim this clearly shows what a MORON you are talking about know one at the border wall it's a wall dumbass wake up and smell the coffee idiot
@CoryBooker WTF Cory Booker with your stupidity putting the American people life's at risks this is nothing but political grandstanding asshole get a grip on the problem with the BORDER SECURITY American citizens are dying wake the F- - K up dumbass
@CoryBooker You MORON it you that has caused this problem with are BORDER SECURITY and humanitarian crisis guit lying to the American people federal workers and there family's are suffering because of the Democratic party politics this is gone to far I speak for the American people Cory
The mainstream media word was yesterday manufactured crisis today's liberal mainstream media word is today is cruelty every mainstream media network has the same playbook what will the word be against Donald J Trump tomorrow??????
Ana Navarro is one worthless liberal she has gone so far left she doesn't care about the safety of American life's she is filing her finger nails on CNN what a worthless POS
@ZyroFoxtrot Central Americans riot in a Mexican immigration detention center yeah right and these are the good people that the democrats wants to come to America they are all criminals as far as I can tell I personally don't want these thugs in America without screening background checks.
And the Democratic party wants to give foreign aid to foreign countries this is not a very good idea  	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN DONALD J TRUMP 2020	https://t.co/ElG5ydocwW
As a American citizen it is time to put political views a side and FUND BORDER SECURITY the Federal BORDER patrol agents needs are help BORDER SECURITY AGENT'S  said they want a border security wall  protection for American people
God bless you Cher for you response to Nancy Pelosi for telling her to FUND THE BORDER SECURITY WALL
@ginnymom911 @organic2016 @RealSaavedra @RachelSuperEli1 Too many liberal judges making bad  rulings in favor of the Democratic party
@scali_gianna @DeplrbleRzistr Bob Mueller has crossed the line now this has gone to far now Mueller is gone political putting Cohen on the stand to testify against Donald J Trump Cohen trying to save his ASS for his stupidity incompetence
Everyday 90 American citizens die from illegal drugs coming from are southern border America I feel speak for most American citizens we want border security I want safety for the American people.
@newarkbear @RealSaavedra @RachelSuperEli1 One way or another Mexico will pay for the WALL no doubt in my mind if it is illegal drug money or trade deals with the Mexican government Mexico will pay but for now it's secure the border with border security it's help are BORDER agents make America Great Again
One of my new videos on my YouTube channel markie Shumate and please subscribe thank you very much 	https://t.co/35lBAxrqB1
@LevineJonathan Get these idiots out of the public spotlight house Reps.with a  Muslim  activevist we the people of America don't want this
@hrtablaze @DonGarlinger These three MS 13 GANG MEMBERS for trying to kill a American teenager yesterday jail is to good for them do the right thing  BUILD THE BORDER  SECURITY  WALL NOW American citizens are dying from thugs like this
@dbongino The only thing Showboat Jim proves that WALL'S work thank you Jim for providing the point that WALL'S work clearly what a MORON
@dbongino No one is coming across the border Jim there is a WALL there MORON
@marklevinshow WALL'S work Jim showboat Jim showboating again
@PeteHegseth @BruceGreen615 Showboat Jim doesn't care about border security he cares about showboating again and again and again this CNN moron is hurting the American country with his stupidity politics
@PeteHegseth @BruceGreen615 Showboat Jim doesn't have a clue to what WTF he is talking about this is clearly a demonstration of Jim Acosta stupidity yes we don't see anyone Jim there is a WALL there you dumbass
@RealSaavedra @RachelSuperEli1 Make America Great Again divert all funds from California they want to be the Sanctuary State they don't are help they have it all figured out 70% higher taxes yeah right they have it all figured out
Be sure to watch one of my new YouTube videos markie Shumate and please subscribe to my channel thank you very much 	https://t.co/bona7nBxxQ
@RealSaavedra Actually Ana Navarro is so far left she is totally gone with her socialism her Democratic stupidity is what is destroying the American way of life
With the dumbass democrats letting American citizens die every single day by not doing there job's as Congressmen and Congresswomen BUILD THE BORDER WALL save American life's.	We the people wants BORDER SECURITY.
All the Mexican cartel drug money  Confiscated everyday it is in the billions of dollars I am pretty sure this is what Donald J Trump is talking about how Mexico will pay for the WALL ON ARE SOUTHERN BORDER
@LevineJonathan American terrorism these are the faces of American terrorist organization
@RealSaavedra She clearly doesn't have a clue to what she is talking about this person is so out of touch with reality is this the future of Democratic party Alexandria ocasio MORON
@RichardTBurnett @bgood12345 This woman is definitely a terrorist in are government how could this have happened
@ZippityZippster @TUnited2 @Change This woman is definitely mentally unstable clearly she is a MORON how the hell could Michigan elected this idiot.
This morning I had a liberal attack me on my Twitter he told I was wrong with what I am telling the American people he called me all sorts of names than he blocked me where I can't respond to his comments. I was going to politely tell him he was misinformed.
I been dammed if my taxpayers dollars is going to pay for illegal immigrants healthcare this is totally ridiculous as a American citizen I think I speak for the American people we don't want to pay for illegal immigrants healthcare benefits and welfare benefits.
@TwitterMoments @sassysenior4djt This is well over due cut California off totally for there stupidity policies
Law emforement day in America GOD BLESS EACH AND EVERYONE OF YOU LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES AND OFFICERS
Are military protects are country but the democrats won't fund border security for the protection of the American people. 	As a American citizen I want border security I want safety for the American people. 	I want the democrats too fund border security for the American people.
President Trump we the people of the United States of America side with you BUILD THE BORDER WALL we the people wants BORDER SECURITY please mister PRESIDENT BUILD THE BORDER MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
@Breaking911 @graydaygamer Bye bye Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer this is the death of the Democratic party they will not give the American people border security it's time for national emergency build the wall build the wall build the wall build the wall
The white house and the leaders of the Democratic party can't make a deal the Democratic party won't accept any deal with the President totally ridiculous build the wall the hell with the democrats and there methods of political basis against the President
It's time to move on build the wall now Mister President  call a National emergency as a American citizen I feel most American citizens wants border security it's time for you to do the right thing build the wall.
I personally feel the President of the United States Donald J Trump should open up the government and than call for a national emergency at the border than build the wall without the Democratic party approval the Democratic MORONS won't accept this President .
@realDonaldTrump As a American citizens I am with you 100 percent build the wall make it a national emergency they will never come to the table for you do the right thing build the wall save life's MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN	Thank you SIR
Today Jerry Nadler said Donald J Trump was lying to the American people about the southern border it is the other way around Jerry Nadler is lying to the American people telling us the border security is manufactured there is no emergency at the border BULLCRAP
@janal811 This was nothing but a demonstration as speaker of the house Nancy Pelosi will not give anything for BORDER SECURITY her BORDER  SECURITY is MOW the lawn on the border this is totally ridiculous build the wall democrats give American citizens border security
As a American citizen the Democratic party treats American citizens as second class citizens now and treats illegal immigrants as first class citizens what has the Democratic party become now.
@ChuckCallesto No the problem with kamala Harris is she is a MORON she shouldn't be in politics as president she would destroy America as we know it
As a American citizen does it bother you if illegal immigrants are using FAKE identification card and FAKE social security card's to work in America if I did that I would be charged with a FELONY CHARGE why does the illegal aliens get a free pass to break the law why???????
@KyleKashuv @JasonSm90876769 Scott Israel is the coward of broward
@KyleKashuv @JasonSm90876769 This should have happened a long time ago Scott Israel for his stupidity incompetence for the protection of school children and for this moron cracking joke's he should be jailed now.
@T_FLgal Don sour lemon is the poster boy for corruption in America
@ChuckCallesto She forgot her crack pipe today
@SoBeCruzGirl @toreilly @Change We the people should file a petition against Rashida tlaib she will not preach her beliefs to the American public this idiot should not be in Congress clearly
@RealJamesWoods WTF is wrong with this moron
@RealSaavedra Showboat Acosta showboating again with his bullshit remarks he should be banned from the white house for his stupidity
America I want to ask you are you comfortable with paying for illegal immigrants healthcare benefits and welfare benefits why they pay for no taxes as a American citizen I for one is totally uncomfortable with the liberal's making judgement by using are taxpayers dollars.
It is to cut off all federal aid to California with the new liberal governor who said one all all come to the sanctuary State of California free benefits for illegal immigrants free healthcare for all illegal immigrants free of charge are you kidding me WTF.
The new Democratic governor in California said free healthcare for all illegal immigrants free benefits for illegal immigrants at the taxpayers expense if I was a Californian I would be pissed off about this CRAP I see why people in California are moving away.
@charliekirk11 Nancy Pelosi is immoral by giving money to planned parenthood for killing Human life's
@seanhannity Build the wall the hell with the Democratic party
@seanhannity @sohos1963 No questions she is a MORON
@heyitsCarolyn It is high time for this liberal judge step a side America people wants another concervitive judge we will watch democrats fight against Donald J Trump again people of America we see the truth.
@RealSaavedra This is clearly mentally unstable to be a congresswoman she has no business in Congress WTF
@Razorsmack1 @lawlerchuck1 @reinamarie768 @Jeffrey_Cooper @Terry35509308 @ValerieBaxter76 @JanePierotti @tnmynatt @dfalls1552 @starryneutrons @AnthonyMets1981 @dragonslayer54 @KendraVondersa3 @briantopping66 @308saiga @Serremmy @jonz970 @raducom WTF we don't need more Muslims in Congress with there hate towards American citizens how in the Hell could this have happened.
American people it's stand together it's build the wall we have over 400,000 foster children in America we don't need children from other countries American taxpayers won't stand for this it take care of children from America first.
@LevineJonathan These three women are definitely enemies of the American people they want to brainwash the American public with there believes.
It will happen sooner or later a shooting war with the Chinese military China are the bullies in the South China sea they don't abi with international law. 		US navy ship sails in disputed South China Sea amid trade talks with Beijing:https://t.co/s8c40unsQR via @ABSCBNNews
@AOC You are a complete moron what do you do make this crap up for a smear tactics you have no place in politics idiot
It is time to take on the Chinese military to many close calls by the Chinese government it will happen sooner or later Chinese military is bullying everyone in the region in the South China sea I see it everyday I am in South East Asia time to push back.
To the Real Donald J Trump I support your decision on the Border wall as a American citizen I want border security I want safety for all American citizens. Build the wall I feel most American citizens wants border security it's time for the American people to stand up.
Good morning Twitter followers I have my flight plans to Malaysia we are going Malaysia in February to make New videos on my YouTube channel markie Shumate .	Everyone be sure to watch my YouTube channel and please subscribe thank you very much.
Elizabeth Warren Pocahontas what are her accomplishments let me see she isn't a native American. 	And she wants to be are President of the United States of America.	She want medical for all open border policies I don't believe she will be President of a petting zoo.
I want to thank everyone for following my Twitter page 	God bless each and everyone of you 	I haven't been posting anything here lately I been making YouTube videos 	Be sure to watch my YouTube channel markie Shumate and please  subscribe thank you very much
Elizabeth Warren said she can win as a Democratic party contender as the 46 Presidential campaign ya right Pocahontas should just give up now. Pocahontas is a proven lier she lies about everything this woman doesn't have a chance in Hell.
Happy New Year
The word is Central American countries now are helping the illegal immigrants get to America. 	And we are paying them millions of U.S dollars this is not right at all it is time to cut off fund's to these countries totally. 	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
6:00pm December 31st New Year Eve here in South East Asia I want to wish everyone a safe and Happy New Year wherever you are in the world God bless you 	   Happy New Year
Stop illegal immigration as a Taxpayer I am tired of supporting illegal immigrants coming to America. 	And my taxes are paying the way for illegal immigrants healthcare WTF they live better than I do full medical all the food they can eat it is time to stop.
@LazyMeatball @fortressfin Maybe America will get lucky and Nancy Pelosi will crash at sea and we will never hear from her again.
It makes me so angry to watch CNN and MS13NBC with all there liberal views about Donald J Trump.	It is totally ridiculous the lying to smear Donald J Trump. 	Donald J Trump 2020	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
@bangolure Sad time in America
@bangolure You got that right my friend
To all of my Twitter followers I am trying to grow as a YouTuber here in South East Asia all my videos are about my lifestyle here in Dumaguete city Philippines and other city's in Asia please subscribe to my channel markie Shumate 	        God bless you
The American Courts system is falling apart the liberal judges are ruling in favor of the Democratic party every chance they get.
I just want safety for all American citizens I don't care about FANCY PANTS NANCY PELOSI  OR CHUCKELHEAD SCHUMER.	We need border security plain and simple people wants border security it's time for BORDER SECURITY where American citizens can live in peace.
@kochtb606 @heyitsCarolyn Professor I am speechless with some of the CRAP  that comes out of Nancy Pelosi mouth it is just mind boggling I have a loss of words the comments she has to say oh my gosh Nancy get help!!!!!!
@dbongino @VAGHOST2 Dan Bongino I feel Nancy Pelosi is not playing with a full deck of card's with comments like this.
@dbongino @VAGHOST2 Dan Bongino the Democratic party does not care about the safety of the American people Nancy Pelosi said we just need TO MOW THE GRASS AT THE BORDER  WTF is she talking about this idiot has no place in Congress!!!!!!
Please subscribe to my channel markie Shumate I go to beautiful destinations spots here in the Philippines. 		https://t.co/U89LzxKdf6
@CCargoe2 I watched jacks channel yesterday morning I also have my own YouTube channel markie Shumate I am trying to grow as a YouTuber please subscribe to my channel channel now thank you
Good morning Twitter followers I hope everyone is well today it is 4:23 am in South East Asia this Rainey day here. God bless America
@heyitsCarolyn Alexandria is not fit to run a petting zoo she is incredibly stupid she doesn't have a clue to what is going on with American government how could this idiot get elected.
I am reading about people on Twitter who has no money because of the government shutdown think about it you won't need money if you are dead from the hands of a illegal immigrant who will kill your family I will back my President Donald J Trump!
@KamVTV And it is still the worst healthcare in American history
Good night Twitter followers I hope everyone is well tonight it is time to get some sleep here in South East Asia good night and God bless
@tedlieu @realDonaldTrump I support a border shutdown this is a wake up call MORON
@DavidWaddell5 @JasonSm90876769 WTF
As God as my witness I am praying for BORDER SECURITY where American citizens are safe.	We the people wants action for are protection from the illegal immigrants invasion.	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN 	BUILD THE WALL
@Jenn198523 Wake up American citizens this is what's coming to America open border policies sanctuary city's you can be the next victim today tomorrow the next day by the hands of illegal immigrants clearly we need border security this is a problem for the democrats
@Jamierodr10 This is almost a everyday occurrence in America now as American citizens we should not grieve protect American citizens now with border security God bless your brother
@Jamierodr10 The Democratic party has failed in border security this is a direct result of that God bless his brother.
@SenFeinstein Resign Feinstein for your stupidity
@SenFeinstein How about the seven children who has died under the Obama administration are you going to have Hearing about those children Moron
@SenFeinstein Haven't you heard of child endangerment you idiot people coming from Honduras dragging there children without food or water this is the fault of the Democratic party MORON
To the people of America I am scared I lived on the battlefield for six years. Been shot twice but I am scared for my life everyday because of the Democratic party has failed the American people!!!!!!!!
I am a patriot a veteran with two tours I want border security I paid my dues i have two purple hearts for my service. I be dammed if I am going to die in America by a illegal immigrant. Write to Congress save American life's.	Do the right thing build the WALL.
God bless are ICE AGENTS AND BORDER SECURITY OFFICIALS they need are help write to Congress save American citizens life's border  protection clearly is what the American people wants.	Save American citizens please help this is clearly invasion on the United States of America!
The deep States corruption has gone to far. We the people wants actions against the Democratic party and there methods of destruction of the American way of life. This has gone to far it's time people of America to rise up and make are stand.
Think about it America you can be the next victim today tomorrow the next day by the hands of illegal immigrants you will be dead from a illegal immigrants. I think about that everyday. As American citizen I am frustrated with the Democratic party blocking all border security.
In the year 2018 over 256,000 illegal immigrants killing murdering rapists child molestation's drug addict's Drug Dealers GANG MEMBERS this has to be stopped. This should never have happened. 	Make America Great Again 	Donald J Trump 2020
The Democratic party rejected everything about American safety of the American people. The Democratic party has failed in Congress they have failed all American citizens they don't care about are safety they care more about illegal immigrants coming to America WTF
Over 1000 illegal immigrants dropped off in Texas yesterday poor people with no place to go no job's no money the average ones might have a second grade education at the most they don't speak English WTF are they going to do the unthinkable remember this!
Wake up America we are dying from the hands of illegal immigrants build the WALL. 	The streets of America is not safe with illegal immigrants running amuck on are American street's. 	Time to rise up America protest the Democratic party this has gone to far.
Negotiations is what the American people wants for are BORDER SECURITY people are dying protect American citizens with the WALL. 	This is totally ridiculous with the Democratic party. 	Democrats don't care about American citizens life's they care about VOTES.
Good morning Twitter followers it is 4:35 am here in the Philippines I hope everyone is well this morning and everyone have a safe and Happy New Year's
Here’s my year in emoji: #HappyNewYear #MyEmojiYear https://t.co/nHVje2MLRj
CNN should be removed from Television for slamming are military with there LIES the very people who protect your country these men and women are truly HERO'S for slamming are military personal was a disgrace to the American people.
@just_Dolce1 @Sekusa1 Burt and Ernie was more Admired than those two MORONS
@just_Dolce1 @Sekusa1 Are you kidding me WTF
Governor MOONBEAM can't finance his Super Rail Train and now the idiot wants to finance his own Climate Satellite good luck he is going to bankrupted California
@TomArnold @gina_durosko @SebGorka I am your huckleberry Arnold I am a man yes or no idiot
The Democratic party does not care about American Veterans.	Why because medical benefits for illegal immigrants is much better than the Veterans administration medical I don't two tours as a marine WTF has illegal immigrants done for America except break are laws!!!!!!!!
@JimCarrey Go back Canada Jim Carrey he is not your President idiot
I am a patriot a Veteran with two tours right now my American friend's the illegal immigrants are getting better medical than I am at the V.A what the hell is going on American citizens I paid my dues what has a illegal immigrant done for America????????
@dclark551 @riley_momma Ocasio Cortez HOW THE F- - - did she get elected she is dumber than a box of rock's this idiot has no idea what the hell she is talking about OMG
Another police officer has lost his life because of the Democratic party illegal immigrants policies 	GOOD WORK DEMOCRATS
@TheDemCoalition @funder This is a total disgraceful this is not helpful at all this crap is dividing American citizens even farther apart good work Democratic coalition you are a bunch of lowlife MORONS
FAKE NEWS MEDIA SHOULD BE SILENCED WITH THERE LIES.	TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
@CNNPolitics I am a patriot I have severed two tours for CNN to say violated a military rule is totally bullshit WTF CNN
@CNNPolitics I personally feel the liberal MORONS at CNN won't give Donald J Trump any credit for anything they will trash him every time.
The Democratic lawmakers has failed the American people with there policies. 	American citizens are dying people wake up my friend's another police officer has died because of a illegal immigrant again this has gone to far. 	Make America Great Again
By letting illegal immigrants drug addict's murderers human trafficking we should care about American citizens. 	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN 	DONALD J TRUMP 2020
I am American citizen living abroad in South East Asia I am trying to get my foreign wife back to America.	And with the Democratic party has failed in the immigration problem's in America. It will take us all most three years now to process the paperwork.
Another American police officer has died because of a illegal immigrant.	WTF are we doing my friend's letting illegal immigrants into are country anyway. Protection for the American people should be first instead of illegal immigrants first.	       PEOPLE ARE DYING
America it is about time to help are America President.	American citizens are dying in the streets of America with the stupidity of the Democratic party.	Stand up America for your safety it is time to fight for are rights as American citizens. 	I for one is totally worried!!!!!!
I am totally disappointed in the democrats with there open border policies and won't correct the failing immigration.	They are releasing hundreds of illegal immigrants into America.	This is bullshit I am trying to get my foreign wife back to America and these idiots cuts in line.
@QTAnon1 @trump_brett Looks like someone beat Kathy Griffin with a ugly stick
@JacobAWohl She isn't a lady by any means
Be sure to watch my YouTube channel 		Chat with me on YouTube! https://t.co/dwV4GaUwTw
To all my Twitter followers everyone have a safe Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year
@Kishan_Devani It is time to get rid of the Democratic party for good
@Kishan_Devani Donald J Trump 2020 make America Great Again
@Kishan_Devani You idiots don't have a clue what the fuck your talking about
Al  gore has lost his mind climate change is driving the illegal immigrants  to America WTF!!!!!	This moron is off his Rocker 	Al Gore reality check you are so out of touch with the illegal immigrants issues go get some help.
@MarkSimoneNY @lanaclaudine The only thing is now we have Donald J Trump in office.He can't do anything right according to the Democratic party BUNCH of Hypocritical MORONS
Everyone be sure to watch my YouTube channel markie Shumate I am in the Philippine island's and each and everyone of you have a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year Thank you
I know my comments looks like I hate the Democrats. 	Tell you the truth I don't believe they know what the HE'LL there doing.	They should come together as American citizens and stop illegal immigrants at the border. 	Than I would love the democrats to protect American citizens
@ChuckCallesto So the American government is going to pay more money for the illegal immigrants this makes a lot of sense. There illegal immigrants judge they came here illegally what part of illegal don't you understand MORON
@2StepJavi Now that's Funny my friend
@ashleymoirDC @BretBaier Oh my god where did Bret get his Christmas suit
@GaryGrumbach @PeteWilliamsNBC It is time to get rid of this old senile judge
God bless America Veterans with the GOFUNDME border wall they have 12 million dollars now wow.	The American people has spoken about this issue the American people wants a border wall and border protection clearly.	Make America Great Again 	Donald J Trump 2020
@Alyssa_Milano I am a veteran I support the wall what have you done but run your God Damm mouth the Democratic party has caused this total disaster shame on the democrats
The Los Angeles Sheriff is a complete Dumbass for the removal of the ICE agents.	What is wrong with this moron we don't need idiots who won't take care of American citizens first by releasing them into the population.
A shutdown should have never happened BORDER SECURITY should be first priority. 	This is nothing but political grandstanding with the Democratic party they will not give Donald J Trump his win I personally feel the democrats are a bunch of MORONS!!!
Chuck Schumer will shutdown the government with the Democratic party stupidity. 	They are for open border policies sanctuary city's the democrats will not provide protection for the American people.	I for one is totally worried about are safety.
As a American citizen I am frustrated with the senators of the Democratic party. This is not a political views this is BORDER SECURITY. 	As a American citizen I for one stand by the President of the United States of America Donald J Trump.	Protect American citizens
Well it looks like the Democratic party has felled the American people again. This is sad for the democrats not to secure are international borders.	It is all about Donald J Trump have another win and the democrats would jeopardize the United States of America!!!!!!!
Keep every illegal immigrants out of the United States of America now California has sanctuary city's because of dumbass democrats American citizens are dying protect American citizens first
With Jerry Brown and his stupidity policies we have blood on the streets of California is this what you wanted California well this is what you got. Dangerous illegal immigrants coming to America open border policies Ya Right idiots
America think about the family members who lost loved ones by illegal immigrants. 	The Democratic party don't care for the safety of American citizens build the Damm WALL protect American citizens give Donald J Trump his money.
Wow a GoFund fund is set up but American Veterans and American citizens to fund the BORDER WALL	and they have 9 million dollars wow God bless America and are Veterans 	The people of America are for BORDER SECURITY
@ChuckCallesto Build the wall or face a shutdown of the government
@ChuckCallesto Chuck I know I am very sick of the democrats and there methods of destruction of the American way of life
Senators and aids singing Christmas carols on the Senate floor. This is no way to run the government of the United States of America. The Democratic party blocking the border wall funds clearly political.	Build the wall
@marcorubio This is ridiculous build the wall I am for protection against illegal immigrants coming across the border and killing American citizens
@marcorubio Shutdown the government
American citizens are at risk with open border policies.	Build the wall give Donald J Trump his money build the wall.
The safety of American citizens should be for both parties. 	I am for the border wall protection for American citizens is totally ridiculous build the wall now.	Make America Great Again
@marcmarquez93 @FisioCJGarcia Wow I hope you a speedy recovery my friend I have had my share of injuries from my professional motocross riding days get well soon
What the Democratic party has done in the last two years is totally disgraceful to the American public.	I for one is totally discussed with the democrats and there methods of destruction of the Trump administration.
No matter what the President of the United States of America Donald J Trump does the democrats will a pose it. It doesn't matter if they wanted border security two years ago now they don't want to give Trump a win. I want border security I want safety for all American citizens.
@MollyJongFast Jim commie should have never been the director of the Federal Bureau of investigation
Good night Twitter followers everyone be safe wherever you are in the world God bless you
Everyone be sure to watch my YouTube channel markie Shumate I am American citizen living abroad in the Philippines and please subscribe to my channel thank you
@Jimparedes I am in the Philippines now I been here for three years now the Chinese government is taking charge of the South China sea it will happen very soon what we have are a bunch of bullying in the South China sea
@realannapaulina All of the city's in this article have the most GANG MEMBERS than any other city's in America all the city's are very dangerous and half of the GANG MEMBERS are illegal immigrants build the wall 	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
@RealSaavedra I can't believe this moron was the director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation
@ARmastrangelo The Democratic party blocking the border wall protection for American citizens is totally ridiculous build the wall MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
@ARmastrangelo I am pretty sure what has changed with the Democratic party Donald J Trump
I am with the President of the United States of America Donald J Trump. 	Fund the wall make America Great Again. 	Or have a total shutdown of the American government for the Democratic stupidity. 	Keep American citizens safe build the wall or face a shutdown
Good morning Twitter followers it is raining here in Dumaguete city Philippines now we was planning to make another YouTube video today on my channel I want to wish everyone a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year God bless each and everyone of you.
A gofund account should be opened up for General Flynn for what the democrats has done to this man clearly. A highly decorated war hero life ruined by what political reasons against the President of the United States of America bullshit!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Good night Twitter I hope everyone is well tonight and be sure to watch my YouTube channel markie Shumate and please subscribe thank you
@JimCarrey No moron it is called child endangerment the father of this child should be jailed for his stupidity oh by the way she was a illegal immigrants moron
@ChuckCallesto The Mueller probes needs to end now the Mueller team are nothing but Democratic haters who want Donald J Trump out of office
Nine times now I have had a Twitter account and suspended eight times now I have had thousands of followers I have keep my Twitter account pretty mild now thank to the liberal idiots who works for Twitter
California is at it again by taxing your cellphone service for making texting California is by far the worst place to live in America what is wrong with these people who would want to live in California
@charliekirk11 With Elizabeth Warren comment she won't keep America safe Pocahontas needs to give it up
@_paigecraig Sorry Paige still on the schedule I love that track when I was racing outdoor national's back in the 70's
Make America Great Again please help America homeless	 veterans first before illegal immigrants. This should be first priority.
@morningmika @SenatorDurbin You should be fired for your stupidity you can be Hillary Clinton butt girl
@SupercrossLIVE @MonsterEnergy I miss racing professional motocross as a rider I have a lot of memories racing in the 70's
@SupercrossLIVE @MonsterEnergy I know I am ready for the gate to drop at A 1
@ChuckCallesto I thought she is a Beaner
Good afternoon Twitter how is everyone doing today be sure to watch my YouTube channel markie Shumate and please subscribe thank you
@ChuckCallesto She is a complete moron everyone in her own party does not like her now good luck with that idiot
Good night Twitter followers I hope everyone is well tonight and be sure to watch my YouTube channel markie Shumate and please subscribe thank you
We are having a great time putting out are videos on my YouTube channel markie Shumate I you love the Philippines this is your channel we are going to hidden spots in the Philippine island's thank you and be sure to watch my YouTube channel please don't forget to subscribe
We are going to put out three videos a week now on my YouTube channel markie Shumate we are going to do the unthinkable on my channel so be sure to watch YouTube and please subscribe we are growing you guys are the best thank you
Good morning Philippine island's how is everyone this wonderful morning I hope everyone is well be sure to watch my YouTube channel markie Shumate and please subscribe