@LauraDeming Yes!
@elonmusk Biotech, Elon. Any chance of revolutionizing that field? Saving humanity from disease and extending human lifespan?
@TheMicromuseums Biotech.
@elonmusk Awesome!
@elonmusk How about defeating disease, aging and death? That's the ultimate battle. We should invest 10x more on biotech.
@LauraDeming On this topic, see the book The Global Brain, by Howard Bloom. Societies are superorganisms.
@LauraDeming “We spend 50 times more on health care than on research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby in Washington to increase 2x or 3x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@LauraDeming The list is short because society invests too little in biotech research. We should invest 10x more.
@elonmusk Agreed. But, biotech is also crucial, if we want to include the humans that are alive today... you, me and everyone else. We should invest 10x more on biotech.
@elonmusk Biotech Elon... Any chance of a biotech company? To cure cancer, reverse ageing and extend human life, so we can all visit mars?
@chamath Humanity should invest 10x more on biotech. If we cured all diseases and reversed aging, we could save 50 million people's lives per year from disease alone, and free up trillions of dollars from healthcare and pension. All we need is to convince few politicians. How can we do it
@TEDTalks The last mortals are alive today. The first immortals are among us. In which group do you think you're in? Humanity should invest 10x on biotech research. This could cure all diseases, reverse aging and extend human life. How to convince politicians of this obvious fact, TED?
@KurzweilAINews The last mortals are alive today. The first immortals are among us. In which group do you think you're in? Humanity should invest 10x on biotech research. This could cure all diseases, reverse aging and extend human life. How to convince politicians of this obvious fact, Ray?
@elonmusk The last mortals are alive today. The first immortals are among us. In which group do you think you're in? Humanity should invest 10x more on biotech research. This could cure all diseases, reverse aging and extend human life. How to convince people of this obvious fact, Elon?
@WIREDScience @WIRED The last mortals are alive today. The first immortals are among us. In which group do you think you're in? Humanity should invest 10x on biotech research. This could cure all diseases, reverse aging and extend human life. How to convince people of this obvious fact, Wired?
@elonmusk Biotech is even better. It can cure all diseases and extend human life, so we can all move to mars.
@MattLevinson @elonmusk @Tesla Biotech Elon, that's what can save humanity and take you to mars, cure all diseases, reverse aging and extend human life. Could you please create a biotech company?
@aplusk Ashton, could we create a lobby to push Washington to invest 10x more on biotech? This could cure all diseases, reverse aging and extend human life. It would also free up trillions of dollars from healthcare and pension. That money could solve everything else. What do you think?
@melindagates @mclaudebibeau Melinda, could we create a lobby to push Washington to invest 10x more on biotech? This could cure all diseases, reverse aging and extend human life. It would also free up trillions of dollars from healthcare and pension. That money could solve everything else. What do you think?
@sparker @CliftonLeaf @FortuneMagazine Sean, could we create a lobby to push Washington to invest 10x more on biotech? This could cure all diseases, reverse aging and extend human life. It would also free up trillions of dollars from healthcare and pension. That money could solve everything else. What do you think?
@RepDougCollins Could we create a lobby to push Washington to invest 10x more on biotech? This could cure all diseases, reverse aging and extend human life. It would also free up trillions of dollars from healthcare and pension. That money could solve everything else. What do you think?
@WIRED Could we create a lobby to push Washington to invest 10x more on biotech? This could cure all diseases, reverse aging and extend human life. It would also free up trillions of dollars from healthcare and pension. That money could solve everything else. What do you think?
@nature Could we create a lobby to push Washington to invest 10x more on biotech? This could cure all diseases, reverse aging and extend human life. It would also free up trillions of dollars from healthcare and pension. That money could solve everything else. What do you think?
@realamberheard Could we create a lobby to push Washington to invest 10x more on biotech? This could cure all diseases, reverse aging and extend human life. It would also free up trillions of dollars from healthcare and pension. That money could solve everything else. What do you think?
@sapinker @FinancialTimes Steven, humanity should invest 10x more in biotech. Both government and private companies. Is this not obvious enough? Could we create a lobby in washington for that? That could cure all diseases and extend human life, freeing up trillions of dollars from healthcare.
@elonmusk It could be like the website https://t.co/ajPdNCZ3Cm it ranks movies, but it has the public's and expert's vote. Then you decide.
@seanmcarroll Looks like the solar system =)
@salkinstitute The form should be simpler. Just email.
@singularityhub How to convince politicians to invest 10x more on NIH/biotech in general? This could cure all diseases, reverse aging, and extend lifespan. It would free up trillions of dollars from healthcare/pension, and could be used to solve everything else. This is the solution for humanity
@TheDemocrats How to convince politicians to invest 10x more on NIH/biotech in general? This could cure all diseases, reverse aging, and extend lifespan. It would free up trillions of dollars from healthcare/pension, and could be used to solve everything else. This is the solution for humanity
@PeterDiamandis How to convince politicians to invest 10x more on NIH/biotech in general? This could cure all diseases, reverse aging, and extend lifespan. It would free up trillions of dollars from healthcare/pension, and could be used to solve everything else. This is the solution for humanity
@NIH How to convince politicians to invest 10x more on NIH/biotech in general? This could cure all diseases, reverse aging, and extend lifespan. It would free up trillions of dollars from healthcare/pension, and could be used to solve everything else. This is the solution for humanity
@nytimes Was Arthur C. Clark wrong in his predictions for the yest 2001? He would have been right if we had invested more on scientific research. We only need to convince a few politicians. We could cure all diseases and reverse aging for example.
@bgreene Yes, good point!
@SenDanSullivan Senator, could we invest 2x or 3x more on biotech to cure all diseases and reverse aging? This would free up trillions of dollars from healthcare and pension. What do you think?
@bgreene Brian, humanity should invest 10x more on biotech. If we cured all diseases and reversed aging, we could save 50 million people's lives per year from disease, and free up trillions of dollars from healthcare and pension. All we need is a few politicians. What do you think, Brian?
@stevenbjohnson @sam_kean @ApplePodcasts Humanity should invest 10x more on biotech. If we cured all diseases and reversed aging, we could save 50 million people's lives per year from disease alone, and free up trillions of dollars from healthcare and pension. All we need is a few politicians. What do you think Steven?
@TEDchris @sapinker Chris, humanity should invest 10x more on biotech. If we cured all diseases and reversed aging, we could save 50 million people's lives per year from disease alone, and free up trillions of dollars from healthcare and pension. All we need is to convince a few politicians.
@MMFlint Humanity should invest 10x more on biotech. If we cured all diseases and reversed aging, we could save 50 million people's lives per year from disease alone, and free up trillions of dollars from healthcare and pension. All we need is a few politicians.
Humanity should invest 10x more on biotech. If we cured all diseases and reversed aging, we could save 50 million people's lives per year from disease alone, and free up trillions of dollars from healthcare and pension. All we need is to convince few politicians.
@richardbranson I've identified a problem. Humanity should invest 10x more on biotech. If we cured all diseases and reversed aging, we could save 50 million people's lives per year from disease alone, and free up trillions of dollars from healthcare and pension. All we need is a few politicians.
@techreview There should be political engineering dept at MIT. To study how scientists could manipulate politicians so as to advance science like biotech, helping cure all diseases, for example. We should invest 10x more in biotech.
@elonmusk @boringcompany Who's going to be the "Elon musk" of biotech? The person who will actually save humanity. Disease kills 50 million people per year. Aging kills the rest. Biotech is the only solution.
@kimbal @SpaceX Who's going to be the "Elon musk" of biotech? The person who will actually save humanity. Disease kills 50 million people per year. Aging kills the rest. Biotech is the only solution.
@ElectrekCo @elonmusk @FredericLambert Who's going to be the "Elon Musk" of biotech, to help cure all diseases, the thing that kills 50 million people per year, as oposed to a few thousands from global warming. How many people do you know personally who died from global warming? And how many from a disease?
@michaelshermer If we invested 10x more on biotech research we could cure all diseases in a few years and extend human life span. Humanity should have "laser focus" on this issue. Once this is solved we'll have eternity to discuss philosophical issues. Who's going to be the @elonmusk of biotech?
@Guiller55849440 @SenSanders There is money, what's lacking is political decision. 7 trillion is going to healthcare per year worldwide. If we increased heathCure we could decrease healthCare and free up trillions of dollars...curing all diseases in the process.
@Guiller55849440 @SenSanders Aprox. 260 Billion worldwide on medical research. "We spend 50 times more on health care than on research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg.
@SenSanders If a few politicians decided to increase 10x biotech research budget (N.I.H.) we could cure all diseases in a few years. What if we invested a little less in defence and a little more in medical research? This is what really kills people: disease.
@RepMarkMeadows @SheriffCSM If a few politicians decided to increase 10x biotech research budget (N.I.H.) we could cure all diseases in a few years. What if we invested a little less in defence and a little more in medical research? This is what really kills people: disease.
@SenThomTillis The best way to fix health care is to invest in HealthCure. If we invested 10x more on biotech research we could find the cure to all diseases in a few years. A few politicians could eliminate disease from the world. Could you please help to make this happen Senator Thom Tillis?
@salkinstitute Some scientists should get into politics. If we invested 10x more on biotech we could cure all diseases in a few years. Why leave politics to the crooks? That is the main problem of the world: crooks in politics.
@iserrapilheira @tassoazevedo @imoreirasalles Alguns cientistas deveriam entrar na política. Enquanto não tiver 10x mais verba não vai ter ciência no Brasil. A ciência tem que invadir a política.
@edge In other words... Isn't it time for us to decide whether we will be the last mortals, or the first immortals? Could we create a kind of "good" lobby in Washington to convince politicians to invest 10x more in biotech? This could help find the cure to all diseases in a few years.
@edge John Brockman, could I suggest a subject for the next Edge Question book? Is it time for humanity to decide to find the cure to all diseases? How could it be accomplished? --By having the goverment  invest 10x more on biotech, for example? What do you think?
@SecondLady Second Lady Karen Pence, if we invested 10x more on biotech we could find the cure to all diseases in a few years. Politicians who led this effort would get re-elected easily. We would also be able to extend human life.
@RepDaveJoyce @UWLC Rep. Dave Joyce, if we invested 10x more on biotech we could find the cure to all diseases in a few years. Politicians who led this effort would get re-elected easily. We would also be able to extend human life. Unless you're confortable with the idea of getting sick and dying.
@Benioff Marc the only thing that can save humanity is biotech reasearch to cure diseases. If we invested 10x more on biotech we could find the cure to all diseases in a few years. Once we are healthy and can live longer we can re-engage in philosophical debate of whats good or bad for us
@RepMcKinley Rep. Mckinley, if we invested 10x more on biotech research we could find the CURE to all diseases in a few years. Politicians who led this effort would get re-elected easily.
RT @Discovery: “Hello. My name is Stephen Hawking - physicist, cosmologist, and something of a dreamer. Although I cannot move and I have t…
@EmmanuelMacron @EmmanuelMacron , la nation qui domine la biotechnologie et l'intelligence artificielle va dominer le monde. La France devrait investir 10 fois plus dans la biotechnologie pour aider à guérir toutes les maladies dans quelques années.
@edyson Yes, good point, I agree!
@edyson @JeffBezos @jpmorgan @WarrenBuffett Not healthCare but healthCure is the solution. We need 10x more investment in biotech to cure all diseases.
@edyson @JeffBezos @jpmorgan @WarrenBuffett Esther, “We spend 50 times more on health care than on research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby in Washington to increase 10x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@gatesfoundation @Lin_Manuel @BillGates @melindagates @Hunter_College Bill “We spend 50 times more on health care than on research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby in Washington to increase 10x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@NIHDirector Dr. Francis, biology is the ultimate level of complexity in the Universe. Humanity should decide to end all diseases now. We need 10x more investment in biotech. Is there a more important cause for humanity? Could we create a "good" lobby in Washington to help this cause?
@paulkrugman Paul “We spend 50 times more on health care than on research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby in Washington to increase 10x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@paulkrugman The "left" should be more efficient and agressive. The left is too "nice". Currently it cannot create links to people in power as efficiently as the "right". Hence The world is dominated by the "right". By "left" I don't mean socialism or communism. I mean intelligent progress.
@algore “We spend 50 times more on health care than on research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby in Washington to increase 10x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@algore Who's going to be the Al Gore of Biotech? Or the Elon Musk of Biotech? The person who will help humanity cure all diseases and extend human life? 50 million people a year die of diseases. Is that not reason enough? And 7 trillion is spent every year on healthcare.
@TranscendentMan “We spend 50 times more on health care than on research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby in Washington to increase 10x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@TranscendentMan Barry could I make a suggestion for a documentary? "Should Humanity decide to cure all diseases now?" I say decide, because it is not doing so now. Biology is the ultimate level of complexity in the Universe. We would need at least 10x more investment in biotech.
@stevensrehen As universidades e escolas deveriam incluir aulas de "criatividade".Deveriam estimular os alunos a serem criativos e solucionar problemas do mundo real desde o primeiro dia de aula.
@drdavidshapiro @BernieSanders That is interesting David. I think they could provide legal donation to politicians who are sympathetic to the cause. Also I think lobbies can schedule meetings with politicians and talk to them about why we should decide to end all diseases now.
@UChrisF Yes, I agree!
@SenJohnBarrasso @EnergyUW Sen. John “We spend 50 times more on health care than on research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby in Washington to increase 10x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@JimCarrey Jim “We spend 50 times more on health care than on research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby in Washington to increase 10x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@keithellison @TheDemocrats @MoDemParty @LacyClayMO1 Rep. Keith “We spend 50 times more on health care than on research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby in Washington to increase 10x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@iamwill Will “We spend 50 times more on health care than on research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby in Washington to increase 10x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@BernieSanders Bernie “We spend 50 times more on health care than on research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby in Washington to increase 10x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@realDonaldTrump Donald “We spend 50 times more on health care than on research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby in Washington to increase 10x research budget?
@RepSchrader Kurt “We spend 50 times more on health care than on research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby in Washington to increase 10x research budget?
@chamath Chamath “We spend 50 times more on health care than on research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby in Washington to increase 10x research budget?
@richardbranson The only thing that can save humanity is Biotech. Humanity should invest 10x more on curing diseases and extending human life. All else is waste of time.
@elonmusk @SamHarrisOrg @SpaceX Biotech Elon. Lets cure all diseases and extend human life.
@elonmusk @elonmusk when will the spaceship/car arrive on mars?
@NIHDirector @MountSinaiNYC Dr. Francis, Biology is the ultimate level of complexity in the Universe. How could we increase biotech research funding 10x (ten times), so that we can cure all diseases in our lifetime?
@richardbranson The most important part, ourselves (our body) remains paleolithic. We should invest 10x more in biotech research to cure diseases. That's the only way for you to see the next 50 years.
@GaryMarcus Gary, I had an insight about how the "master algorithm" might work. Do you think I could publish a paper with theoretical explanation only? Or would I have to test it somehow? Where do you think I could publish it?
Mark Zuckerberg says curing disease is a central aim of new philanthropy efforts https://t.co/m5X9W95p10 via @Verge
“We spend 50 times more on health care than on research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby in Washington to increase 2x or 3x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@JohnCornyn @dcexaminer The best way to solve healthcare is to cure diseases with science. If politicians increased research budget they would get re-elected.
@sundarpichai @CannadayChapman Sundar “We spend 50 times more on health care than on research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby in Washington to increase 2x or 3x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@richardbranson Life can be longer and disease free if humanity decides to invest 10x more on biotech. By humanity I mean politicians. Could we create a good lobby for that?
@senrobportman Could you also help #EndHumanDying by investing 2x or 3x more on research to cure diseases? It kills 50 million people per year worldwide.
@melindagates Melinda“We spend 50 times more on health care than on research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby in Washington to increase 2x or 3x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@NancyPelosi The best way to protect everyone is to invest on research to cure diseases. It kills about 50 million people per year in the world.
@AdyBarkan @federalreserve Ady “We spend 50 times more on health care than on research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby in Washington to increase 2x or 3x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@SenatorCollins @CDCgov @SenateAging Senator “We spend 50 times more on health care than on research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we increase 2x or 3x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@algore Al “We spend 50 times more on health care than on research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby in Washington to increase 2x or 3x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@MMFlint Michael“We spend 50 times more on health care than on research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby in Washington to increase 2x or 3x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@SenDeanHeller @SenBillNelson Senator “We spend 50 times more on healthcare than on research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby in Washington to increase 2x or 3x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@TEDTalks @soyapi @TEDFellow if there are lobbies for guns and the food industry, why can't there be a lobby for biotech research to cure all diseases? Why don't the billionaires and millionaires fund such lobby?
@johndoerr @johndoerr  f there are lobbies for guns and the food industry, why can't there be a lobby for biotech research to cure all diseases? Why don't the billionaires and millionaires fund such lobby?
@sparker @sparker  f there are lobbies for guns and the food industry, why can't there be a lobby for biotech research to cure all diseases? Why don't the billionaires and millionaires fund such lobby?
@nytimes If there are lobbies for guns and the food industry, why can't there be a lobby for biotech research to cure all diseases? Why don't the billionaires and millionaires fund such lobby?
@TEDTalks “We spend 50 times more on health care than on research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby in Washington to increase 2x or 3x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@richardbranson @Richardbranson Humanity's #1 priority is biotech. Curing diseases. Everything else is secondary. We should invest 10x more on it. We should create a lobby in Washington and other countries for that.
@nytimes Could I suggest a story for the NYT? "Humans are obsolete - Here is how to fix it" - We have nice cell phones and cars. But our most important gadget, our body, is from the stone age. The ultimate luxury is to cure all diseases and extend human longevity. Here is how we can do it
@EmmanuelMacron Emmanuel “We spend 50 times more on health care than on research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby to increase 2x or 3x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@SenJeffMerkley Sen. Jeff “We spend 50 times more on health care than on research (to cure) diseases...” - M. Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby in Washington to increase 2x or 3x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years
@WSJ Our most important gadget is obsolete. The human body. Humans should invest in biotech more than on cell phones, computers or cars. Is that not obvious?
@mlevchin @Affirm Max “We spend 50 times more on health care than on research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby in Washington to increase 2x or 3x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@kimbal @squarerootsgrow Kimbal “We spend 50 times more on health care than on research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby in Washington to increase 2x or 3x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@richardbranson @VirginAtlantic Richard “We spend 50 times more on health care than on research (to cure) diseases...” - M. Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby in Washington to increase 2x or 3x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@reidhoffman @AspenInstitute “We spend 50 times more on health care than on research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby in Washington to increase 2x or 3x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@ariannahuff @AdyBarkan @ariannahuff “We spend 50 times more on health care than on science research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby to increase 2x or 3x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@singularityhub Yes. And I think I know how it could be done.
@NancyPelosi @NancyPelosi “We spend 50 times more on health care than on science research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby to increase 2x or 3x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@algore @loren_legarda @ClimateReality Climate is important. But really whats going to save humans, including you, is biotech to cure diseases and extend human longevity. Could we create a lobby for that in Washington?
@tim_cook @Finisar @tim_cook “We spend 50 times more on health care than on science research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby to increase 2x or 3x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@NancyPelosi @jimmykimmel @NancyPelosi “We spend 50 times more on health care than on research (to cure) diseases...” -M Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby in Washington to increase 2x/ 3x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@SenSchumer @FCC @SenSchumer “We spend 50 times more on health care than on science research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby to increase 2x or 3x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@SenWarren @USTreasury Elizabeth “We spend 50 times more on health care than on science research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby to increase 2x or 3x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@SenWarren @USTreasury Elizabeth “We spend 50 times more on health care than on science research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby to increase 2x or 3x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@WSJ @WSJ “We spend 50 times more on health care than on science research (to cure) diseases...” -Mark Zuckerberg. That's US$ 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby to increase 2x or 3x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@nytimes @EricSchmittNYT @nytimes “We spend 50 times more on health care than on science research (to cure) diseases...” -Mark Zuckerberg. That's US$ 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby to increase 2x or 3x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@CNNnewsroom @CNN @OpBBQRelief @EcoSoapBank @FutureTies @WarriorSurf @BaphumeleleFOH @grahamtasticorg @DETBoxingGym @SAAmputee @LostAngelsCP @bittyandbeaus @CNN “We spend 50 times more on health care than on science research (to cure) diseases...” -Mark Zuckerberg. That's US$ 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby to increase 2x or 3x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@sgi_dna @JCVenter @JCVenter “We spend 50 times more on health care than on science research (to cure) diseases...” -Mark Zuckerberg. That's US$ 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby to increase 2x or 3x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@algore @drvox Al “We spend 50 times more on health care than on science research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's about 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby to increase 2x or 3x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.
@Schwarzenegger Arnold “We spend 50 times more on health care than on science research (to cure) diseases...” - Mark Zuckerberg. That's about 7 trillion worldwide on healthcare. Could we create a "good" lobby to increase 2x or 3x research budget? This could help cure all diseases in a few years.