Poster linking Rep. Ilhan Omar to 9/11 sparks outrage, injuries in https://t.co/ScVNhUJ2PZ. state Capitol https://t.co/iI7JaEO9zu. This is what the GOP has sunk to-racial hate against Muslims, African-Americans, all people of color, and women.  This country is better than this.
@HowardSchultz Not as sad a week as when you announced that you might run as an independent candidate for president thereby re-electing trump.
@MalcolmNance Malcolm as always is right.  I don’t think Mueller is laughing.  Also, neither are Flynn, Papadopulus, Gates, Manafort, Stone, etc.  Like Stone says, Donald its your turn in the box sooner or later.
@washingtonpost It’s  not clear that Congresswoman is referring to Israel.  She could be referring after 2016, to the GOP’s new found love of Russia.  Anti-Semitism is wrong.  But I’m not sure that this is an anti-Semitic remark.
@GovHowardDean Trump has a point.  No president in modern history has been so racist, immoral, corrupt, criminal, and a greater threat to the country and democracy.  Quite a shameful accomplishment.  #DefeatTrump2020
@jaketapper No you don’t.  An American President with decency would stand up for American values by standing up for human rights and democracies all around the world.  An American President with even an ounce of human dignity would stand up to brutal dictators who murder Americans.
@RWPUSA @HillaryClinton @CNN Hey Bernie, you’re the reason that trump was elected.  You, your supporters, the Bernie Bros, the Bernie or Bust people gave us trump.  The fact that you did nothing about sexual harassment in your campaign and mock the woman who won the popular vote in 2016 is shameful.
@rgoodlaw @SethAbramson @kenvogel @KatyTurNBC Yeah.  A passenger going thru security at the airport “jokes” that he has a bomb.  The police arrest him and throw him in jail.  He cries in his cell that I was only joking.  Do you think the police let him go?  Nope
@OurRevolution @AdyBarkan @BernieSanders Nice rally in Brooklyn to re-elect trump.
@Rosie That’s funny Jim, I have never heard you tell the truth.  Neither have the Ohio State wrestlers who were sexually molested and who you allegedly did nothing to help them.  Have you no shame?  Apparently not.
@dcexaminer Trump’s only priority is himself.  He doesn’t care for any other human being or this country.  Pence is a stooge.  He was a terrible governor of Indiana and is a worse VP.  #DefeatTrump2020
@AOC I don’t agree with AOC on everything, but I do on this.  As the Speaker told the Democrats in the House you’re either on our team (Dems) or the other team (GOP).  Dems must stick together.  However, I’m against primarying moderate Dems, that’s the GOP way, not ours.
@brianstelter @mschlapp Why would Schlage say anything different.  He also is a pathological liar.  His wife who works in the White House mocked John McCain when he was dying.  These people are evil and dangerous.
@thehill Nominate Bernie and we’ll get 4 more years of trump.  He, his supporters, and the Bernie Bros divided the party in 2016.  It’s time to move on.   There are a lot of good candidates already and we still have to hear from Beto and Biden.#Notfeelingthe Bern
@Deoliver47 What the hell is Van Jones thinking?  He says that right wing was reason that One Step Act (criminal justice reform) became law. No, the reason that it took so long to get criminal justice passed, was because of the right wing. Progressives-been fighting for this for years.
@AmbJohnBolton Mr. National Security Advisor, tell your boss that.  No wonder you didn’t go on the Hanoi boondoggle with a brutal dictator that violates human rights.
@thehill The C in CPAC stands for crazy.  These people are crazy, evil, disgusting, and have no redeeming human value.  To attack a man who dedicated his entire life to the defense of this country is beyond belief.   Conservatives don’t understand defense of country over a political party
Review | Can a Midwestern mayor prove he’s ready for the presidency? https://t.co/qenRkJrpKy. I don’t know if Pete Buttigieg can win the Democratic nomination for President, but he should and hopefully will be one of the leaders of the National Democratic Party.
2) It is beyond belief that trump would denigrate the memory of Otto Warmbier by defending Kim Jung Un in the tortuous death of Otto.  Shame on trump.
‘He tells me he didn’t know’: Trump defends Kim Jong Un over death of Otto Warmbier https://t.co/RUbqu9hx5s. This is absolutely disgusting.  Trump again takes the word of a brutal dictator over our intelligence community.
Perspective | Yes, Michael Cohen’s a liar and a criminal. So how come you believed him? https://t.co/CtEqMMDu0v. There is an old prosecutors’ saying which is when you’re prosecuting bad guys, you don’t find swans (witnesses) In the sewer.
Michael Cohen is the monster Trump created https://t.co/e1v6GYPRZQ #arcamax. Cohen: The longer people follow trump, the more they’re going to suffer consequences like Cohen did.  I doubt that the GOP is listening.   They’re not a political party, they’re a cult.
2) Because natl security material might be on server. Wow, trump now orders sec clearance for Jared overruling CIA.  Trump also uses unsecured cell phone.  Trumps far more dangerous to natl security than Clinton ever was. #DefeatTrump2020
Trump sought top-secret security clearance for Jared Kushner last year despite concerns of John Kelly and intelligence officials https://t.co/YQeZjKrYr5 Trump railed and continues to rail against “crooked” HRC for having a private e-mail server as Sec. State
@AvalonSpringsHC @TrilogyLiving Last year, I broke my hip and I was an inpatient at Avalon.  This place is a five star facility as ranked by Medicare and they deserve it. They have a tremendous medical and rehab staff.  Avalon is always doing nice things for its residents.
@davidfrum How about a national security clearance for you and hubby from daddy?
@LarrySabato Thank God (speaking of God) I have never have or never will buy a my pillow.  It also amazes me that trumpsters who talk to God never mention His reactions to racist comments, family separation policies, etc.  I don’t have the stupidity or arrogance to know what God is thinking.
@NoahCRothman That isn’t it.. Bernie isn’t a Democrat.  He disparages Dems all the time.  He divided the party in 2016.  Between him and the Bernie Bros, he gave us trump.  Definitely not feeling the Bern.
@mattgaetz @MichaelCohen212 So, if you rob a bank and then go back to the bank, apologize,  and give back the money, no crime is committed? Not the way it works.  Gaetz committed the crimes of witness tampering and intimidation.  No half-hearted apology wipes that away.
2) But trump  is far worse he’s not only as corrupt as Nixon was, he’s  a racist and loves totalitarian regimes and dictators , and is trying to destroy the democracy in this country.  The GOP is complicit in trump’s traitorous actions. #DefeatTrump2020
‘He Is a Racist, He Is a Con Man, and He Is a Cheat’ https://t.co/hTPML2xDgM 1). I have had the dubious experience of living thru Watergate and the trump presidency.  Nixon was a crook who was utterly corrupt, obstructed justice, and abused power.
2) How quickly you abandoned the memory and legacy of your friend, John McCain.  That’s what cult followers do.  You violate your oath to preserve and protect the country and Constitution every day.  Very, very sad!
Analysis | Cohen warns Republicans: Pledge allegiance to Trump, you’ll end up like me https://t.co/YqHJ3YKX0u. 1) Hopefully, the GOP will pay a heavy price to their allegiance to their Donald cult leader.  Are you listening Lindsey Graham?  Probably not.
Very, very sad that the GOP has sold their souls and their party to trump.  They’re no longer a political party, they’re a cult and trump is their leader.  They have violated their oath to preserve and protect the Constitution.  They have abandoned their allegiance to USA. https://t.co/Nxi3UuZcKx
@usatodayDC The GOP criticizing the Dems and claiming that they are searching for the truth  are ludicrous.  For 2 years, the GOP has done nothing but avoid the truth and lie for trump.  Very, very sad!  They are complicit in trump’s treasonous behavior. #DefeatTrump2020
Opinion | Some Democrats won’t hedge: Trump is a racist https://t.co/FTRhGhd8Ly. It’s a given that trump is a racist.  But, in the campaign against trump next year,  we must concentrate on issues that will benefit Americans and unite the country.  We are better than this.
@Newsweek No the GOP wants to eradicate the human race by denying the reality of climate change-global warming-and doing nothing about it.
https://t.co/ID2zDAhHpJ #ArcaMax Thanks Donald for inventing sliced bread.  You’re such a great guy-not.
Opinion | What the Democratic nominee should promise https://t.co/PMode3NhS1. What the next Democratic president can do to attempt to restore the integrity of the president post-trump.#DefeatTrump2020
Opinion | The Republicans’ big gut-check vote on Tuesday https://t.co/Z16iNEh7Hu It’s choosing time for the GOP in the Senate.  Almost 200 Republicans in the House violated their oaths to preserve and protect the Constitution.  How many Repubs in the Senate will honor their oaths
Opinion | Want a Green New Deal? Here’s a better one. https://t.co/FWYZqi2OfY. This proposed Green New Deal proposed by Washington Post May be better than one proposed by AOC and Sen. Markey.  Thought provoking.  Please read.
@MeetThePress @chucktodd @WisenbergSol The answer to the question is hell yesssssss it’s witness tampering and intimidation.  Cohen is not only a witness in a Congressional investigation, he is also a federal witness in the special counsel’s and SDNY criminal investigation.  Gaetz should be indicted.
@mattgaetz @MichaelCohen212 Gaetz you’re so stupid.. You just tweeted a threat to attempt to intimidate a witness in a federal congressional and special counsel investigation.  Those are federal crimes.  I’m sure that crooked Donald told you to do this.  Will your family disown you while you’re in prison?
@CNNSitRoom @JeffreyToobin This is what the GOP has become.  Threatening witnesses in federal investigations thereby committing a federal crime.  The GOP has violated their oaths of office to preserve and protect the Constitution.  They’re traitors to the country and the Constitution.  Very sad.
2) what about the sexual harassment and pay disparity of women campaign staff that he tolerated in 2016.  Maybe that’s tolerated in Bernie’s independent party, but it shouldn’t be tolerated in Democratic Party. #Notfeelingthe Bern
Opinion | Are Democrats going to let Sanders get away with this? https://t.co/K2CaCX33Tv. 1) Sanders says he can’t release last 10 yrs of returns because his accountants are working on them.  Does that mean he hasn’t filed for last 10 years.
@realDonaldTrump Focus on your summit with Kim Jung, the brutal dictated that you’re in love with who conducted a purge and execution of his “enemies” before he left for Hanoi.  Your characterization of the anti-pro choice Senate bill is ludicrous.  Your claim that you value life is pathetic.
@MSNBC Sounds good. But I don’t trust the polls after 2016. The election next year to defeat Trump will be the fight of our lives to save our country and democracy from this racist, immoral, corrupt, and totalitarian loving moron.  #DefeatTrump2020
@joncoopertweets I don’t feel the Bern and the Bernie Bros and Bernie or Bust supporters are almost worse than trumpsters.  However, I’d rather have him run in the Democratic Primary than as an independent and re-elect trump.  The goal must be to defeat trump not trash  Dem Pres candidates.
@burgessev Allegiance to trump over allegiance to the Constitution and the country.  This is a violation of oath of office to preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution for every Congressman  or Senator who votes against Disapproval  Resolution.
@JonLemire Michael Cohen will meet on Wednesday with House Oversight Committee for a kind of meet and greet.  Hope you enjoy the hearing from Hanoi, Donald.
@SenatorRomney Good for the Senate Democrats.  In 2016, Senate GOP blocked even hearings on the nomination of Judge Garland to SCOTUS, most GOP senators refused to meet with Garland.  Don’t lecture me about blocking Senate votes, Mitt.
@politico I used to think that the GOP cared about the Constitution and the country.  After the last few years I don’t think so.  2016-denied even a hearing to Merritt Garland.  The last 2 years, their allegiance to trump has superseded their allegiance to the Constitution and the country
@BoilerFootball Go Boilers!!
Opinion | Trump’s new nominee for U.N. ambassador will be a laughingstock https://t.co/4LLVUNOvpB. A laughingstock U.N. ambassador for a laughingstock president and a country that is viewed as a laughingstock right now in the eyes of the world. #DefeatTrump2020
Opinion | Republicans like this demonstrate the party’s intellectual collapse https://t.co/eZTaliRY2b. The GOP isn’t a political party; they’re a cult and when Donald, their cult leader, wants something, they’re all in. The Constitution and the country be damned. #DefeatTrump2020
The GOP's time for choosing https://t.co/0r5IFM1VTD #arcamax. Will the GOP reject trump’s right wing nationalism?  Will they reject trump’s abuses of power?  Will they stop trying to prevent people of color from voting?   Hope springs eternal but I doubt it.
Dem chairman: Trump the 'greatest threat' to US democracy 'since the Civil War' https://t.co/WGSNXPZ1AK. Trump is an authoritarian at heart.  That’s why he’s in love with Putin, Kim Jung Un, the Presidents of Turkey and the Phillipenes.  #DefeatTrump2020
@BoilerFootball Go Boilers!! Can’t wait for spring practice and the start of the season in August.
@jaketapper Of course not because he is a member of the GOP, an extremist, racist political party.
@ABCWorldNews Good for these young men and their courage.  Mississippi has a horrible history in slavery, Jim Crow, and racist attitudes.  Great that Ole Miss players made a statement against hate groups.
RT @maydaymindy9: Let’s give a shout out to the 	Champion voices most lawyers  helping the Resistance understand this whole situation 		Chu…
RT @IndivisibleNet: Let's not forget how much of a sick pervert @realDonaldTrump is. 		Trump "jokes" about having sex with children a lot h…
RT @TheDemCoalition: .@realDonaldTrump-Why haven’t you condemned the terrorist attack planned on journalists &amp; Democrats? Oh, because you c…
@politico It’s very, very, very sad that trump is the Russian-elected president of the USA.
@realDonaldTrump July 4th is to celebrate independence from King George and the monarchy in Great Britain and to honor the founding fathers of our country who put their lives on the line in the Revolutionary War.  Hell,  you would have loved King George and been a traitor to colonies and freedom.
@DonaldJTrumpJr How did your divorce go, scumbag?  Like father, like son.  Cheating on your wife and kids just like your scumbag Dad did and does.  You’re not out of the woods by a long shot.  Either Mueller or the State of NY will indict you.  Better get fitted for an orange jump suit.
Opinion | Sarah Sanders’s towering lie https://t.co/tHDeyupcaJ. Joseph Goebels who was propaganda minister for the Nazis under Hitler would be very proud of Sanders. I wonder whether she realizes that no one outside trumpsters believe a word she or trump say?
2) It would have been more than an expression of shame on the officer.  There would have been attacks on Muslims, calls to close the border, and to speed up the “national emergency” to build trump’s wall.
‘I think it’s a shame’: Trump comments on Coast Guard officer accused of plotting attacks https://t.co/FZvLVVAVfA. 1)Can you imagine what trump would have said if the Coast Guard officer had been a Muslim and had been plotting the murder of GOP politicians and conservative media?
@thehill Media-let’s replay 2016.  Talking about how Sen. Klobuchar ate her salad and that she’s a tough boss is very similar to in 2016 harping on Hillary’s e-mails and Wikileaks.  Keep it up and you’ll elect trump again. Talk about Klobuchar’s stance on impt issues not combs.
@GovHowardDean The same week that a white nationalist was arrested for targeting Speaker Pelosi, prominent Democrats and journalists, the NRA incites further political violence.  This organization is sick and dangerous.  Let’s get Mark Kelly, Gabbie Gifford’s husband, elected Ariz. senator
@RWPUSA @realDonaldTrump Wow!  That’s really hard hitting news coverage.  With all the impt issues affecting America and Americans, not the least of which is that we have a racist, immoral, and corrupt president, you’re spending time on how Sen. Klobuchar ate her salad and yelled at her staff.
2) While I was there,  I reached out and tried to help other residents who were either elderly or had serious physical problems. I hope that I made their lives better, I know that they and the act of giving to them, made my life a lot better. Please volunteer.
Opinion | David Brooks wants to weave America’s threads back together https://t.co/xqTwM0qzYB. 1) Last year I broke my hip and was in a rehab center/long term facility for almost 3 months.
2) I wonder why?  Imagine if it had been a Democratic candidate that had engaged in election fraud.  The s*** would have hit the fan. Tweets by trump; investigations by Senate Judiciary committee led by Graham, investigations by DOJ.  Strange that all we hear is silence by GOP.
Look what’s just happened in North Carolina.  1) A Republican candidate for Congress admitted that he engaged in voter fraud in an attempt to win the election. Now, a new election has been ordered.  Election fraud and I haven’t heard anything from trump and GOP about it.
2) More military experience than all Dem candidates.  Served in Afghanistan during 1st term as mayor. Announced he was gay during re-election campaign for mayor. Won re-election with 80% of vote in conservative Indiana. Give this guy a look.  #DefeatTrump2020
Opinion | What does Pete Buttigieg bring to the table? Experience — really. https://t.co/fvXrsiWGeF. 1) A long shot but a serious candidate. More executive experience as mayor of South Bend (ND) than trump and most Dems.
2) The upcoming congressional vote to reverse trump’s unconstitutional abuse of power on wall founding will give the GOP another chance to honor their oaths and defend the country.  Will they? I’m not holding my breath.
Opinion | Adam Schiff: An open letter to my Republican colleagues https://t.co/SuvktNpg15. 1) When will the GOP stand up and defend the country? When trump attacked the FBI and IC they said nothing, when trump attacked the courts crickets.
@TheDemCoalition And than a few days later a white nationalist in the Navy is arrested for plotting the murders of prominent journalists and Democratic politicians.  Trump incites violence by his whackos by calling the media the enemy of the people. Trump is the enemy of freedom loving people.
@alfranken Sen.  Franken you are missed very much.  You were not treated fairly.  I hope that someday you will run for office again.  We need people like you in government.  I will never vote for Sen. Gillibrand.  Take care.
@Newsweek And Sinclair is the media that the Chicago Cubs have partnered with to broadcast their games on tv starting in 2020.  I have been a Cubs fan for over 50 years and as a progressive, I really resent that in order to watch the Cubs having to watch and pay cable fees to Sinclair.
@TheDemCoalition And it’s not only Alec Baldwin. How many journalists and cable tv hosts such as Chris Hayes, Joe Scarborough, Chris Cuomo, Don Lemon, Van Jones, and others have to hire security guards to protect themselves and their families because trump labels them enemies of the people?
@GlennKesslerWP @JussieSmollett I don’t anticipate any tweets from trump or GOP about white nationalist sailor who targeted Dem politicians and journalists. Next tweets will renew calls that the media is the enemy and Dems want criminals to come illegally into country.
@SpeakerRyan At the same that major corporations such as Amazon are getting millions in tax refunds.  And whatever happened to that additional 10% middle class tax cut that trump promised right before the midterms?  Lies that’s all we get from trump and the GOP. #DefeatTrump2020
4) Democratic politicians and members of the media?  Again, trump’s base wouldn’t like that.  This is not who we are as a country and Americans.  Trump must be defeated next year for the sake of our country.#DefeatTrump2020
3) and calling Democrats for wanting sexual traffickers, rapists, gang members, and murderers  into the country from Mexico.  The Navy white nationalists was arrested 2 weeks ago, why wasn’t their an announcement by the WH or DOJ  than and a condemnation of trying to murder
2) Of course, no comments about the white nationalist in the Navy who was arrested for plotting to kill everyone on earth, prominent Democratic politicians,  and journalists. Why?  It’s because trump is in bed w/white nationalists calling the media the enemy of the people
1) Trump apparently has been all over Twitter about the Smollet case in Chicago, tweeting this morning after a Chicago PD news conference while trump was in executive time rather than in the Oval Office working.
2)  He testified truthfully even though it was against the interests of his father. Truth to power. It’s a shame that the GOP doesn’t have the character to do the same w/trump. Sad!
Candidate’s son warned father of N.C. political operative’s alleged tactics https://t.co/UEvjDLncw5. 1) The GOP could learn a lot from the son of the Republican candidate in the disputed NC disputed election.
2) Todd Ricketts, Cubs’ co- owner, finance chair of trump re-election campaign, tv deal with right wing Sinclair tv, and Betsy DeVos, minority shareholder.  I’ll stay a die-hard  Cubs fan but it is getting more difficult for this Progressive.
Is giving the Ricketts family your money supporting a right-wing agenda? It's a question Cubs fans need to... https://t.co/FFnDBJ8FpB. 1) I have been a Cubs fan my whole life.  But, it’s getting difficult to stay that way. Joe Rickets anti-Muslim e-mails,
2) You’re not a Democrat.  You and your supporters divided the Democratic Party in 2016 and gave the country trump. Do not do this again. The stakes are too high.#DefeatTrump2020
Opinion | Bernie, your moment has come — and gone https://t.co/nGE6vo5Z5O. 1) Bernie, you’re not running against Hillary this time.  There are strong and quality candidates this time-Harris, Booker, Klobuchar, Buttigieg, Castro,  and possibly Biden and O’Rourke, among others.
Opinion | Graham sums up how stupid the GOP has become https://t.co/xZVn1Otpmm. Lindsey Graham is a poster boy for how evil the GOP has become. Build a wall that is just a monument to the narcissism of trump rather than a school in Ky that kids need.  Got to be kidding!  Sad.
Opinion | The emergency declaration can’t be just a legal issue https://t.co/2EAng3F7eP. Trump has lied that there is a natl emergency and has abused his power in attempting to use military funds and the military for political purposes should disqualify him from being re-elected.
The President Is Not a Pageant Producer https://t.co/BCwWRr26aY via @BulwarkOnline. The President shouldn’t be a pageant producer or reality tv star.  But, trump thinks he is and that is bad for America.  Sad! #DefeatTrump2020
@bradheath This is what trump does-projects back onto his enemies-Bush was low energy;trump is laziest Pres; HRC was crooked; and trump’s enemies are traitors, and trump is traitor to this country’s character, ideals, and democracy. #DefeatTrump2020
@theferocity This is absolutely crazy. This not only brings back images of African Americans being lynched, but does this crazy designer know that there is a crisis in the number of suicides in this country.  This is fashion?  Really?
@jeffzeleny She may be the female,  younger version of Biden.  A progressive with some moderate tendencies who could be a very strong candidate against trump.  Dems  have many quality candidates and It’s impt that candidates not personally attack one another. Trump is the enemy-defeat him
RT @Dax_x98: Raise your hand if you support the free press and don't believe a single word Trump says. 🖐
@JeffreyGoldberg Not only journalists, but apparently his close friend, roger stone is a danger to the physical well-being of federal judges.
@eliehonig You don’t get any mulligans when you threaten a federal judge.  This isn’t golf.
@jimsciutto Hopefully, Joe Biden’s Mom is right-this too will pass.  The real danger is that trump and his isolationist and Russia friendly foreign policies will leave of stain on USA that will never be removed.
@JoyceWhiteVance This is what is called with attempting to play games with the legal system.  I sincerely doubt that it will work. What it may do is to tighten the gag order, restrict access from internet, or land him in jail.  Stone doesn’t know who is playing with. Dangerous game for him.
@RepJeffries This is what trump does.  He reflects what he is back onto his enemies. He called Bush low energy-he is laziest Pres; called HRC crooked, calls Comey and McCabe traitors, his actions in WH have been consistently treasonous.
@SterlingAMinor @Whispers_Doom @NateSilver538 If she doesn’t vote against McConnell after she voted for kavanuagh, she has no chance to win re-election.  She might as well retire. Right now, after kavanuagh vote, she has a very slim chance to get re-elected
@tedlieu I am a retired attorney who had clients w/charges in fed court, if 1 of y clients had done what Stone did today, he’d already be in jail. Stone apologized.  Big deal-there are no mulligans in threatening fed judges. If nothing done, double standard of justice which we know exists
@politico These states are led by Democratic governors. Where are the states led by Republicans? Why aren’t they filing lawsuits against trump to prevent him from violating the constitutional powers of the Congress? I thought that’s what conservatism was all about?
@47 Cubs, Bears, Saints, Purdue Boilermakers
@funder Stone not only needs to have his bail revoked, he should be charged with threatening a federal judge.  The FBI should be sent out to re-arrest Stone and he should be held in custody until he is tried.  Be sure to give a heads-up to all media, so we can see the perp walk.
@krassenstein @realDonaldTrump Happy President’s Day to a great American who devoted his life to this country. I hope President George Herbert Walker Bush is resting in peace and has been reunited with his daughter and wife in heaven.  I hope you and Sen.  McCain can give us help to guide us thru this crisis.
@realDonaldTrump I would be enjoying it a lot more if you would get your racist, immoral, corrupt,lazy a** out of the White House permanently. #FireTrump2020
RT @elliottmmarsh: Hey @Cubs, how about you not sign with a broadcast company that supports politicians that support the NRA?
@guardian Donald, it’s called the 1st Amendment to the Constitution. Oh, I forgot you don’t read and certainly haven’t read the Constitution.  That would eat into your valuable executive time.
RT @ianbremmer: There’s a history of calling a free press the Enemy of the People. https://t.co/q1gL8eTIyf
@kimguilfoyle Biden is right.  Right now under trump, America is an embarrassment.  Pence says to conference that trump sends his greetings.  Not one person applauds. Trump is a stain on America that may never be removed.  #DefeatTrump2020
Perspective | How sexist will the media’s treatment of female candidates be? Rule out ‘not at all.’ https://t.co/J5pSEXgWmA. Hopefully, the media will learn from its coverage of Clinton in 2016 (emails, wikileaks, supposed  illness, etc).  But so far, I wouldn’t count on itsexist
Lindsey Graham says diverting funds to build a needed middle school In Kentucky so that the wall can be built is ok because kids need walls more than schools. Really? John McCain must be rolling over in his grave.#BuildSchools not Walls
Stop the national emergency order  https://t.co/8njjCw9ijn @moveon. Sign the national petition against trump’s fake national emergency to be delivered to Congress.
Trump’s Nightmare Opponents https://t.co/WFmmjVvfLP. It’s not Biden and certainly not Bernie, it’s Senators Amy Klobuchar and Sherrod Brown.  Both progressives and both from the Midwest where Dems need to win back at least Pa., Mich., and Wisconsin., and hopefully Ohio and Iowa.
@AJentleson @RonaldKlain @SteveSchmidtSES Reading Chris Christie’s book and he claims that in 2016 before Bannon and Conway were hired by trumps campaign in the summer, Schmidt interviewed for job as trump’s campaign manager.  So maybe, Steve isn’t a real anti-trumpster after all.
RT @SaysHummingbird: Anyone else agree that the real national emergency is...		D	O	N	A	L	D		T	R	U	M	P		?
@nickiknowsnada Life’s a bitch, Paul.  Don’t count on Donnie pardoning you.  With him, loyalty is a one way street and it doesn’t flow to you.
Better at the Omelette bar than at the White House, he’ll do less damage. Besides he doesn’t work anyway, he’s busy with executive time, which he can do down in Florida. #DefeatTrump2020 https://t.co/Jko9vr4CYy
2) On Friday, trump announced a fake natl emergency, 5 people were murdered in Aurora, gun violence, now there’s a national emergency,  or the opioid crisis, or the high cost of prescription drugs, etc. One would think that immigration is the only problem facing this country.
Opinion | Kirstjen Nielsen is coming to Congress. Democrats can grill her on Trump’s ‘national emergency’ lies. https://t.co/OmxajSH1nD. 1) Never before in modern presidential history have we’ve had a president lie so blatantly so repeatedly.
Cubs announce controversial new TV deal (via @) https://t.co/rBdXX1c59C. It’s really hard to be a Cubs fan this winter. First, no free agent activity.  Second,  Joe Rickets racist, anti-Muslim comments, and the new tv deal with Sinclair, the trump propaganda network.
‘The Trump-Russia Story’: Cue the Stage Lights https://t.co/1w3x6vato5 No Trump campaign contacts with Russians? If there was no collusion between the trump campaign and Russia, why were there over 100 contacts with Russia?  Why do they keep lying about contacts with Russia?
@brithume You know Britt, with all the problems affecting the daily lives of Americans, such as heath care, the high cost of prescription drugs,  global warming, opioid crisis, etc., who cares whether journalists are shopping with Harris?#DefeatTrump2020
@rebeccaballhaus I didn’t ever believe I would say this.  I agree with Coulter. Trump is an absolute idiot. If this wasn’t crystal clear before Friday, it should be now. By the way, Coulter is still a disgusting  excuse for a human being.
Opinion | There’s an emergency — and it’s Trump’s power grab https://t.co/PMtvqyt4Et. Trump is the National Emergency.  This power grab is blatantly unconstitutional and in violation of the constitutional powers of Congress to be in charge of the purse.  #Trumpistheemergency
Opinion | Trump’s reelection campaign just got a lot tougher https://t.co/EQkiK9G3OJ. Trump and the GOP will do anything and everything to hang onto power.  In 2016, they even got Russia’s help-hacking, Wikileaks, and social media bots. Next year will be the fight of our lives.
@washingtonpost Where the hell did trump, who admittedly so f***. stupid himself, find all of these dregs of the bottom of society.? Calling them part of the swamp is really not being fair to swamps.
@GeoffRBennett @realDonaldTrump @PeterAlexander I’m a retired lawyer who practiced criminal law.  I represented many criminal defendants who hadn’t even graduated from high school but they had enough brains to not say things that could be used against them in court.  Trump is so f*** stupid. Doesn’t have to do this, really?
@SenSchumer @realDonaldTrump Trump’s fake national emergency is like a parent taking a child to the store and the child wants a candy bar.  When the parent (Congress) says no, the child throws a tantrum (his natl emergency), but the child’s temper tantrum doesn’t make it a natl emergency for Mom (the country
@Jim_Jordan College wrestlers were molested in Ohio.		You were a coach of those wrestlers.		You allegedly did nothing to help the wrestlers.		Any questions, Coach Jimmy?
@TalKopan Trump. didn’t do anything for over 2 yrs,  didn’t do anything since the govt shut down in December, couldn’t get wall funding thru Congress, and says today I didn’t need to do this, by definition there isn’t an emergency on the southern border. #DefeatTrump2020
@BlackCatUnloads @realDonaldTrump He goes golfing and declares a fake national emergency.  Trump is the national emergency and he and his whole swamp including the feckless GOP in Congress must be removed from office next year.  Dems unite, don’t destroy one another. #DefeatTrump2020
@michiganstateu I commend MSU for its role in the integration of college football. However, Notre Dame, not MSU,  won the national championship in college football by most polls. There were no postseason playoffs to determine the national championship.  ND and MSU played to a tie at MSU.
@mikebarnicle I love to shop Amazon. But this is f***ng obscene.  This is probably the thing that is really wrong with our country.  Large corporations and rich Americans own a huge percentage of wealth and not only don’t pay their fair share of taxes, some like Amazon don’t pay any taxes.
@HeathMayo Answer: Crooked and Corrupt.
@LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump you are an absolute disgrace. You are an enabler of the most corrrupt, racist, and immoral president in modern American history.  Although I grieve for  the loss of John McCain, in a way, I’m glad he’s not alive to see your traitorous behavior.  He had character. You have none.
@thehill I’m really beginning to like Pete. Keep your eye on him.
@mschlapp So much for the rule of law. Do you or your wife know something?  Better be careful or you’ll join Manafort, Flynn, Stone,  etc., in federal. court for obstruction of justice.
@mrvndn I’m warning every Democrat, Bernie and Bernie Bros, aren’t Democrats that if we try to destroy fellow Democratic presidential candidates, trump will be re-elected. That’s what the Bernie Bros did in 2016 and they gave us trump.  In many ways, Bernie Bros are worse than trumpsters
@JonLemire Wow. I feel so sorry for you guys. Maybe you ought to declare bankruptcy. Nah your whole family starting with your dad are making a fortune because your dad is president.  Emoluments,  anyone?
@DeadlineWH @peterbakernyt @NicolleDWallace It’s absolutely amazing that the GOP after years of railing against Pres Obama over executive action that allegedly usurped the constitutional powers of Congress,  they are now complicit in trump’s unconstitutional exercise of executive power.  #FireTrump2020
@pdacosta Trump is a national emergency who must be fired next year.  #FireTrump2020
Donald Trump is a national emergency who must be fired next year. #FireTrump2020 https://t.co/ERaB1vvzWI
@MaxBoot @IlhanMN @CFR_org 2) Neoconservatives like Abrams’ believe in regime change in foreign countries w/out considering the consequences of American force to civilians and the long-term consequences to the USA.  The Cogresswoman properly asked relevant questions to Abrams which he didn’t answer.
@MaxBoot @IlhanMN @CFR_org 1) usually agree with Max Boot, but not this time.  Abrams was convicted of lying to Congress and is a neocon with involvement in the Iran Contra under Reagan where weapons were sold to Iran and the govt used the sale proceeds to fund the Contras in Nicaragua illegally.
@PaulBegala It’s getting pretty close to re-election time.  If the trumpsters didn’t collude with Russia in 2016, you can bet your life that they will in 2020.  Trump will do everything and anything to hang onto power. Get ready for the fight of our lives to get rid of this evil man.
@HouseJudiciary Hey GOP how does it feel to be in the minority after 8 yrs?  Tomorrow is the 1 yr.  anniversary of the Parkland massacre and you are filibustering a vote on gun safety/ reform legislation? Really? The GOP is the scum of the earth.
@RadioFreeTom The whole ballgame next year is to vote trump out. Any declared  Dem candidate or undeclared candidates other than Gabard is way better than trump. The question must be which candidate has the best chance to defeat him. That’s not going to happen if Dems rip eachother apart.
@krassenstein So much for an independent DOJ.  The corruption continues. #FireTrump2020
Trump's sacrifices are hard. You think it's easy working 11 to 5? https://t.co/0w3t9bkLsS #arcamax. The most laziest m****r to ever occupy the Oval Office. #FireTrump2020
https://t.co/k8vGoWJYui via @thedailybeast
@IlhanMN @realDonaldTrump trump will never learn and never change.  He is a vulgar pig (really not fair to pigs, sorry) and a stain on this country that may never be removed.  He is a danger to this country who must be removed from office along w/his accomplices in the GOP.#FireTrump2020
@markknoller He also wants to start traditions that Jan 1st is start of new year, that a Sunday in May and Sunday in June we celebrate as mother’s and Father’s Day,etc, man is trumpie brilliant or what?
RT @KatyTurNBC: It’s been unacceptable since 2015. The President’s own rhetoric causes this. His words. 		What’s deeply demoralizing is how…
@Jim_Jordan @POTUS The Right in 2 years (partial list),  multiple racist comments-Charlottesville, separating families at the border and putting kids by themselves in concentration camps, and complicity in trump’s racist, immoral, and corrupt govt., and what about wrestling allegations, jimmy?
@RepMarkMeadows It was Iran’s money not ours. Stopping Iran’s nuclear program,  which they are still complying with,  has done more for world peace than a trump wall will ever do. Trump, you, and the un-freedom caucus are more a danger to natl security than southern border problems will ever end
@VP @IlhanMN The hypocrisy of trump and pence is mind boggling and disgusting.  Where is the outrage in king’s racist comments  and where is the outrage of pence and the GOP about trump’s racist statements and his encouragement of violence against the media? #FireTrump2020
Analysis | Trump’s failed shutdown strategy produced an even worse deal than he started with https://t.co/OPoQeN9GRo The great dealmaker just got a good, not perfect, deal for Dems. As for trumpie, not so much. #FireTrump2020
Opinion | Why Mark Kelly would be a trailblazing senator https://t.co/P3MOBSLXyE Mark Kelly would be such a trailblazing senator for both Arizona and America.  He and his wife are so inspiring. #ElectKelly2020
Trump Once Said Power Was About Instilling Fear. In That Case, He Should Be Worried. https://t.co/TnRRt2rQS9 No one fears trump anymore except the GOP.  Certainly not the Speaker and the Dems.  Overseas,  trump is not feared and we aren’t respected anymore.  #FireTrump2020
Trump calls on Congresswoman who made anti-Semitic comments to resign from Congress.  Where was his call for Congressman Steve King to resign after his racist remarks?  Why doesn’t trump resign after his many racist remarks?  So no,no resignations you racist sob. #Firetrump2020
This video by Mark Kelly and Gabbie Giffords makes you proud to be an American.  I hope that Arizona elects you as their next Senator. Both of you are leading such inspiring lives.  Good luck in 2020. https://t.co/ASagTLnugT
@jameshohmann Donald, you are such a f***g liar and conman.  Only your cult of deplorables still  believe you
Opinion | Trump’s war on socialism will fail https://t.co/woETSD5Nyv It always amazes me when people say they’re against socialism- socialist democratic policies such as social security and Medicare. People aren’t turning down those benefits.
Joe Scarborough: Trump Is the Laziest President in U.S. History https://t.co/Tv0k6whf56 via @thedailybeast. He doesn’t go to the office until noon.  He watches fox and tweets all day. If any employee didn’t show up for work until noon,  he’d be fired. #FireTrump2020
@JesseLaGreca 2) To attack Warren’s claim of Native American ancestry by making racist comments against Native Americans and referencing the slaughter of Native Americans by this country just shows what racists trump and the GOP are.#DefeatTrump2020
@JesseLaGreca 1) The criticism of Sen Warren for claiming Native American ancestry is so phony and disturbing.  First, it’s never been shown that Warren claimed Native American ancestry to gain a position  Harvard doesn’t hire a law professor based on ancestry.
RT @DrWillieParker: As a physician, I must have missed the lecture in physical diagnosis where we were taught that we could predict the hea…
@realDonaldTrump You don’t go into the office until noon.  You don’t get intelligence briefings every day or for that matter every week.  Basically, all you do is watch fox, tweet, go to your resorts, and play golf.  You are costing taxpayers millions for secret service and Air Force 1 travel.
@TheDemCoalition 2 years ago after trump won, the media said that the Democrats wouldn’t have a deep presidential bench for 2020.  That isn’t true.  We have so far Harris, Booker, Warren, Castro, Buttrieg (sp).  and probably Klobuchar, Biden, Beto, and Bernie, although I wish he wouldn’t run.
@politico It’s only a controversy she’s struggled with because the media continues to bring it up just like they continually brought up Clinton’s emails and Wikileaks in2016.  That gave the country trump.  So far, the media hasn’t learned from the mistakes of 2016.
@realDonaldTrump Ambassador McFaul is so right.  Benghazi tragically happened in 2012.  The Republicans were still investigating Benghazi conspiracy theories 4 years later in 2016.  So trumpie, we’re just getting started.  Buckle up for a wild ride. #DefeatTrump2020
RT @PatientAction: As drug prices rise, patients may be forced to delay or abandon treatment. RT if you think patients should have access t…
@TheRoot The explanation is living in the governor’s mansion.
@realDonaldTrump 2). I wonder what the murdered American citizen’s parents think about trump now?  Words can’t properly express how trump has no redeeming human value.  He is also such a danger and a stain on our country that may never be removed.  He must be defeated next year.#DefeatTrump2020
@realDonaldTrump 1)North Korea will become a great economic powerhouse?  Kim is starving his people and has massive numbers of people in brutal work camps.  He’s murdered political opponents and murdered at least 1 citizen of this country and trump praises this murderer?
@krassenstein Elections have consequences.  Some elections have negative consequences, others have positive ones.  2016 gave us trump, 2 reactionary Supreme Court justices, family immigration separation at the border,etc. 2018 gave us House oversight of a corrupt president.  #DefeatTrump2020
@TheDemCoalition Trump believes that he is an automatic ruler like Putin or Kim Jung Un (sp). He has no respect for the rule he of law and the other co-branches of govt-the Congress and the Judiciary. If Pres. Obama had done this, he would’ve been impeached.#DefeatTrump2020
@JRubinBlogger Collins is so naive or so stupid. She claims to be a moderate Republican, yet she will go down in history as the senator responsible for overturning Roe by putting Kavanaugh on the Supreme Court.  Hopefully, she will be defeated next year along with trump.#defeatsusancollins2020
@1IronMan2020 I think it comes down to some people don’t want to take orders from a woman boss.  Also,  someone already has the knives out for her as she is probably about ready to announce her presidential candidacy.  Trumpsters?  Bernie Bros? Somehing to consider.
@realDonaldTrump But Donald, they’re a socialist country, run by a totalitarian dictator, just like Venezuela.  Are you saying socialism is good for a country’s economy?
@RepSwalwell @HouseGOP @HouseJudiciary @realDonaldTrump The GOP and trump deserve one another. They’re both  traitors to this country.  Jim Jordan is the worst traitor of all. He is complicit in all the sins of trump just as he was allegedly complicit in the sexual abuse of college wrestlers.  Whatever happened to the investigation?
Forget taking out a student loan. Purdue University has come up with a new way to pay for college https://t.co/Y6eHzJRHw3 It’s great to see that Purdue is leading the way on income sharing agreements in lieu of tuition saving students thousands of dollars in student loan costs.
Tax code changes leave Americans asking, ‘What happened to my refund?’ https://t.co/4vohO2W4KV via @nbcnews The tax cut trump promised Americans is yet another lie that trump and his republican buddies told us.  The truth is that the rich and the big corps got the tax cuts.
@Jim_Jordan Green New Deal must be pretty good if you’re against it, Climate Change/Global Warming Denier.   Kind of like the Ostrich that sticks his head in the sand and ignores the real world. How does it feel to be in the minority, Jimmie?
RT @jess_mc: Quick reminder that @AOC is the *only* woman in her 20s to have EVER served (men in their 20s have served in every congress si…
2) Rickets has repeatedly made racist statements and is a trump birther supporter against Pres. Obama.  Ricketts, Sr., is the father of the owners of the Cubs.  This is a continuing stain on the Cubs, their owners need to do some sort of outreach to the Muslim community.
Ricketts patriarch apologizes for offensive emails https://t.co/UohKAS7337. Joe Rickets who made anti-Muslim statements in emails apologized and said the statements don’t reflect his personal value system. Bull.
Before Expected Call for Unity, Trump Laced Into Democrats at Lunch for TV Anchors https://t.co/xyF4XEchCy Trump wants to be bipartisan and wants the country to come together and be unified.  Right!
How I Would Spend Trump’s Wall Money https://t.co/JqVmhknTNt An excellent article on how to spend the 5.7 billion dollars on improving, the safety, and security of Americans and it doesn’t include any money for trump’s stupid wall.  Please read.
@7im Sounds like she was and is a demanding boss who insists that she and her staff work hard and do their best for Minnesota. Sounds like some of her staff didn’t want to take orders from a woman boss. This is just the type of person you’d want to be president. Sexist attack.
@Newsweek There is no evidence that Warren ever used her purported Native American heritage for personal gain. This is a https://t.co/Ugzl1O2Op1 does this affect an Amerian’s  life, job, or health care?The media did this to Clinton in2016-emails, Wickileaks, etc can’t do this in 2020.
@JimDeshaies I’m a Cubs fan and a NL fan but make DH universal in both leagues. I’m tired of seeing pitchers strike out.  NL only league not to use DH. Get into 21st century. Also other rule changes, pitch clock and reliever has to pitch to 3 batters also needed. Get rid of shift.
@ClydeHaberman @CNN That’s exactly what CNN and other media outlets are doing. They gave massive amounts of free airtime to trump in 2016 and he was elected. Now they are giving substantial airtime to Schultz who is an undeclared candidate. Media mustn’t repeat 2016 mistakes. #DefeatTrump2020
@Fahrenthold @TMobile @realDonaldTrump What a coincidence!  The trump swamp and corruption just keeps growing and growing-Russia interference in 2016 election, the trump foundation,  the trump inauguration, stormy Daniels payoff,etc. What a disgrace and stain on USA.#DefeatTrump2020
@Newsweek Why is Gabbard running as a Democrat for President?
@FaceTheNation @ewarren 2). The media is making the same mistake in 2016 when they concentrated on Hillary’s emails, WikiLeaks, and her health, playing right into Trump’s and the Russians hands.  Don’t make the same mistake again!  The stakes are too high. #DefeatTrump2020
@FaceTheNation @ewarren This is a non-story.  There is no evidence that Sen. Warren ever used her avowed Indian heritage to get a job or benefit that she wasn’t entitled to.  She is a smart person.  Do you really think Harvard hired her as a law professor because of her avowed Indian heritage?
@thehill Kevin, the investigations and congressional oversight by the House hasn’t even started.  There was no Congressional oversight by the GOP for the last 2 years.  In November,  the voters spoke.  Elections have consequences.Buckle up!  #DefeatTrump2020
@jonathanalter There is not going to be peace in our country until trump is removed from office by impeachment, not likely, or by the voters next year.  #DefeatTrump2020
@LarrySabato Is it just a coincidence that these stories are coming out at the same time?  I am not defending people using black face and sexual abuse but these stories coming out at the same time is a little bit too much.  Northam because the way he handled his presser needs to go.
RT @GovHowardDean: Biggest winner last night at SOTU was Stacey Abrams. I do not think she should run for the Senate in Georgia. I think sh…
@NicolleDWallace Is this part of Trump’s bipartisan unity message?  He is such a scumbag.  It’s bad enough what he said about Joe Biden and Chuck Schumer, but then to mock John McCain, a war herio and life-long patriot, really. It’s such a stain on our country that he is the president.
@tbonier Yes.  Can you explain to me too how someone who has not declared as a candidate can be given so much free media time. This is the.same mistake the media made with trump in 2016.  Please media learn from your mistakes.  The stakes are too high not to.  #DefeatTrump2020
4) (verbal or physical) on the Muslim community.  Additionally, the Cubs have decided to keep Addison Russell, a domestic violence offender currently under suspension by MLB.  Russell should never be allowed to wear a Cubs uniform again.  Cubs mgmt needs to get its act together.
3) ownership.  Merely saying that the racist views of the Cubs’ owner’s father are not shared by his son and daughter who run the Cubs aren’t enough. Words are cheapthere needs to be actions-outreach to the Muslim community and involvement in the combating of anti-Muslim attacks
2) I love this team.  The owners of the Cubs need to do some outreach to the Muslim community to demonstrate that the Cubs do not share the racist views of the father of the Cubs
Joe Ricketts, the father of the owners of the Chicago Cubs,  racist e-mail exchanges were published yesterday.  They include attacks on the Muslim community and their religion. Also, belief in birtherism conspiracies in regard to Pres. Obama.  I am a life-long Cubs fan.
Rejoice! The president is doing nothing. https://t.co/phHt44F0gv #arcamax. An amusing, but yet accurate vision into trump’s executive time.  As Dana Milbank writes, keep on not working, the country we’ll be much better off.
@benshapiro Until the wealthy and big corporations who just got a big tax break, start paying their fair share in taxes,  don’t talk about entitlement reform.  That’s called balancing the budget on the backs of the middle class, the disabled,  and senior citizens.
@renato_mariotti Joe Lieberman was done as a Democrat when he endorsed John McCain over Pres Obama and almost ran as his VP.
@SpeakerPelosi It’s kind of appropriate that it is the year of the Pig in China, when America has a Vulgar Pig as President.  Maybe Trump could be shipped off to China to serve as the mascot for the Chinese New Year.
RT @RBReich: Tonight, when Trump mentions: 	— "Family values," remember children in cages. 	—"Fiscal responsibility," $1.5T in tax cuts for…
@GeoffRBennett This supposedly happened in 2004 at the Democratic Convention in Boston, almost 15 years ago.  Why do you suppose this woman is now going public at the exact time that https://t.co/TTla1fZAXp. Fairfax maybe elevated to governor of Va.  Coincidence? No. Smear? Absolutely!
@krassenstein Good point.  Maybe trump should have invited Putin, Flynn, Stone, and Manafort, oh that’s right he can’t come, he is in jail. One thing trump cares about besides himself is tv ratings, so don’t watch sotu.  #BoycottSOTU
@joanwalsh No need for an apology.  Everyone has a right to express their opinion.  Why can’t for once, Bernie let Stacy Abrams have the nite in her national debut as the response to the sotu? Bernie lost to Hillary because he couldn’t get black support. Does he think this is going to help?
@joncoopertweets After over 2 years of making no attempts to unify the country and only caring about his base of deplorables,it’s a little late to talk about unifying the country.  The real question is how long it will take trump to tweet a slur against Democrats after the sotu.
https://t.co/U7URZybCom #ArcaMax.  Good column by Eugene Robinson as to why Northam must immediately resign and why Saturday’s press conference and his denials were a sham.
@RWPUSA @CNN There was also speculation that Northam might have had a role in spreading this apparent smear against Fairfax in his bid to stay in power.  Hopefully, this speculation isn’t true but if is, Northam who needed to resign before this, really needs to resign.
@thehill Of course, trump has never read the Constitution which grants to the  Congress the power of the purse to authorize federal spending including spending for “trump’s wall.” Where is the emergency, the fed govt was closed for 35 days and Congress is negotiating until February 15th?
@GovHowardDean Is it a coincidence that the same pro-trump right wing website that put out what Northam did,  2 days later puts out allegations against https://t.co/TTla1fZAXp Fairfax? No. Unless there is evidence verified by legitimate news orgs, this is just a smear against Fairfax.
@madwest45 @realDonaldTrump Why would people working for trump engage in this massive security breach? The answer is trump treats the White House staff like s**t and for trump loyalty is a one way street. He demands loyalty from staff, but he isn’t loyal to the staff. #DefeatTrump2020
@MuellerSheWrote @Alyssa_Milano @MollyJongFast @JoyceWhiteVance @maddow @kathygriffin @Rosie The official policy of the federal government was and is to inflict trauma on migrant children.  This is because the trump administration doesn’t view immigrants as human beings, rather they’re insects or animals.  America may never recover from this stain on our character.
@DeadlineWH @EliStokols @NicolleDWallace Trump correlation between his racism and employment numbers for African Americans is like you have a job, your boss doesn’t fire you but he hates you and constantly degrades you and your race, ethnicity,or religion, etc.
@CBSEveningNews @PaulaReidCBS Hah!  Robert Reich has just written a column who says trump supporting national unity is like an arsonist promoting lighter fluid.  The question is how long after the sotu it will take trump to tweet slurs against Democratic officials and the Democratic Party.
@JesseLaGreca If this is true, this should in and of itself, disqualify sanders from running for the Democratic nomination for president.  He is not a Democrat.
@LindseyGrahamSC The path to the American presidency in 2016 ran and continues to run through Putin and Russia.  By supporting and enabling trump, Graham’s legacy also runs thru Russia and is a disgrace to the legacy of John McCain.
@DeadlineWH @ZerlinaMaxwell @NicolleDWallace When you think that immigrants are insects or animals, you don’t track where	the separated children were sent. It would be like keeping a record where insects go to. This is absolute a stain on America thatwont be erased. #DefeatTrump2020
The State of the Disunion https://t.co/NqiYsqRQ5P #arcamax Robert Reich says it best trump promoting national unity is like a pyromaniac promoting lighter fluid.
What happened to the mother IN NYC who fell to her death down a subway escalator highlites non-accessibly problems in cities and towns.  This is a national emergency. I became disabled 8 yrs ago, until then, I didn’t realize the mobillity problems of disabled people.  I do now.
How can this be happening in 2019 after the ADA has been the law when Bush 41 was Pres-he left office in 1993. NYC, any other city or other comunity should not wait for 2020.		 | That tragic New York subway death didn’t surprise people with disabilities https://t.co/gFNGr42Vd7
This article is scary. A retired CIA officer says trump’s constant criticism of the CIA will cause the CIA not only to hold back on intelligence to trump, but allies will not give USA intelligence because he will share it with Putin, etc.
Perspective | I was in the CIA. Trump’s petty fights and insults will make us all less safe. https://t.co/kY4tyBKsdt. Pp
@DavidJollyFL Only a couple of weeks to the start of spring training.  Go CUBS!!
@GeoffRBennett @frankthorp @darrensands Hopefully, that’s a good sign and he will resign shortly.
@renato_mariotti The Judge should impose a gag order on stone, otherwise the criminal prosecution of him will be nothing more than a circus and a carnival.
@JeffreyToobin @washingtonpost @andersoncooper Where would we be without the media over the last 2 years?  Flynn would still be natl sec advisor along with many other trump govt  officials. The media and Robt Mueller are what’s saved the country.  #DefeatTrump2020.
RT @kasie: Geaux Saints
@thehill The laziest, most ignorant, yet most dangerous president.  He must be defeated next year. Our country and democracy depend on his defeat.  #DefeatTrump in 2020
@dylanmsmitty Trumpsters are in an absolute cult.  There very reminiscent of Jim Jones and Jonestown where Jones’ followers drank kool-aid laced with cyanide.  You can never argue with trumpsters because trump is a god who is always right and can do no wrong.  Trump must be defeated next year.
RT @funder: Anyone who is racist or committed racist acts should resign immediately: Northam, Trump, Pence, McConnell, Jim Jordan, Steve Sc…
@waltshaub @GOPChairwoman The display of the Confederate Flag is never appropriate. It is the flag of a confederacy that were traitors to the USA from 1861-1865.  It should have been banned after the end of the Civil War in 1865.
@tedlieu @realDonaldTrump @POTUS Trump’s television address on Tuesday nite for sotu should be boycotted.  The one thing trump looks at is his tv ratings, give him a low one on Tuesday nite if there is any major news, doubtful, it will be covered all Tuesday nite and all day Wednesday.
@GovHowardDean It is hard to believe that we’re talking about the president of doing the job of the enemy for them.  I haven’t liked some former presidents but I never thought that they were doing the enemies’ work.  Trump is the national emergency,  not the southern border.  Defeat Trump#2020
@TomthunkitsMind I am a Democrat.  I’m also a white man.  Obviously,  I don’t hate myself.  I don’t hate white people but I realize that our country has citizens of all races and ethnicity and that is what makes our country and Democratic Party great unlike  the white GOP.
@thehill I’m sure that there are a lot of “good people” in the medical school yearbook. Look in the mirror, Donald, and you’ll see the most racist person to occupy the White House in modern history.
@NikkiHaley The people of the United States deserved better than what they got in 2016 and what they get every week from trump. Stop! You have no moral authority to. comment when you worked for the most corrupt,  immoral,  and racist president in the history of the country.
RT @SykesCharlie: "So, wise up people — your support for Trump means you forfeit the right to pass any moral judgments — period."	Well, yes…
@KevinMKruse Don’t try to tell me that the GOP is still the party of Lincoln. There not even the party of Ike, Gerry Ford,  Reagan, Bush 41 and 43. Instead sadly the party of trump,hannity, Limbaugh, and Steve King. Their electoral policy is built on voter suppression of people of color.
RT @JRubinBlogger: In the Democratic Party, unlike the Republican Party, racism gets no sanctuary. The Democratic Party of 2019 simply will…
RT @latticepolys: @SethAbramson If Trump wore KKK robes and Blackface, Republicans would be even more supportive of him. Different constitu…
@JRubinBlogger This is absolutely right.  Where is the Republican outrage from trump’s many racist statements and actions, and good people marching with nazis in Charlottesville?  What about the GOP’s main  electoral strategy of voter suppression? Northam should resign but GOP is hypocritical
@PetsVoteToo @jacknicklaus @TigerWoods Agree. I absolutely have lost respect for both of them.  I knew Nicklaus was a Republican,  but Tiger Woods?  Both of these guys are very rich, so it shouldn’t be a great surprise.
@thehill @TheHillOpinion The corruption, criminality, immorality, and racism of trump, his family, friends, and administration are on view for the world to see and they’re thinking what the hell is going on in the USA.  What a shameful stain on our country.
@NPRinskeep @WSBT @VP @PeteButtigieg As a Hoosier, I would love to see Mayor Pete on the Democratic ticket. The Mayor who I’m extremely proud of.  His life, his military service, and his executive experience in turning South Bend around.  Pence is a disgraced ex-governor.
RT @JRubinBlogger: Imagine if whole GOP did to Trump after Access Hollywood what Dems are doing to Northam now. Northam must go. I really a…
@thehill Go Rams!
@CNN God bless this girl and her mom by reaching out to nursing home residents.  I recently spent 3 months in a rehab/nursing home facility after I broke my hip. The elderly residents are fantastic and have great spirit.  By helping them, they’ll feel better and you’ll feel great.
@AppleNews @ABC Go ahead, Donald.  Than when the Democrats take the White House next year, the president will declare national emergencies on health care, climate change, gun safety, etc.  and enter appropriate executive orders.
@ThisWeekABC No Linda Lou not Democrats, this was a trump shutdown aided by congressional Republicans. As to the people doing damage to the parks, wrong     again, Democrats respect the environment,  Republicans try to destroy it.
@JamilSmith @soledadobrien There’s no question that there’s racism in Virginia as there is in every state. There’s also no question that the GOP in Virginia and nationally have espoused racist policies, especially voter suppression.  But, just because the GOP acts that way, we are better than this.  Resign
@scottwongDC @NoahCRothman That’s not good enough. What he did was unforgivable.  He must resign.
RT @finneyk: Absolutely agree. https://t.co/wKLyeHfWgM
@mkraju The governor must resign. This picture obviously has no place in America and is deeply offensive. This photo was not taken  in high school, but when Northam was in medical school.  I am a progressive Democrat, but if we rail against the racism in the GOP, we can’t tolerate this.
@DeadlineWH @NicolleDWallace Trump is a stupid moron.  The only reason that he MAY not be a target in the Mueller investigation is that a target under DOJ rules is an individual who is subject to immediate indictment.  Since a president under DOJ rules can’t be indicted, trump can’t be a target.
@TheRynheart Stein is very friendly with Russia and Putin. Why was she at the dinner with Flynn and Putin in Moscow?  She may be a Russian asset. One thing that Stein and Schultz have in common is they constantly attack Dems. They don’t put forth their own agenda.  Stein gave us trump
2). Where is the wall to wall media coverage for Warren, Harris, Castro,  and Buttigieg, that the media is giving to Schultz, as yet an undeclared third party candidate who is trying to decide if he wants to run for president?
1) One question that the media must answer is why they are giving Schultz so much airtime. He’s been on almost every major cable show, morning, noon, and nite. Is media trying to make Schultz the trump of 2020?
https://t.co/N898UWLsuF #ArcaMax. Once again Eugene Robinson hits the nail on the head. Trump lies and lies and lies.  He does no work.  He watches Fox and Friends and tweets all day. He must be defeated next year.
@SykesCharlie @conor64 Graham isn’t just betraying the Senate, he’s betraying the country.  Graham together with his republican colleagues who take an oath to be loyal to the Constitution and the country are enabling trump.
@DeadlineWH @john_sipher @NicolleDWallace If trump isn’t a Russian asset, he sure is acting like it.  No aides with Putin meeting in Helsinki, lied  about meeting with Putin in Argentina and again no note takers, wanting to get out of NATO, and constant attacks on intelligence community.  Of course, he is an asset.
@tedlieu @RepSwalwell It’s really interesting that Republicans are suddenly interested in the arrest of citizens who have been charged with committing felony criminal offenses.  Wonder why?
RT @Bakari_Sellers: Roger Stone has y’all talking about reviewing use of force guidelines.		Not Alton Sterling	Not Eric Gardner	Not Walter…
RT @ProudResister: Sarah Sanders on the Christian Broadcasting Network: “God wanted Donald Trump to become President.”		Hey @PressSec, did…
RT @hardball: Tonight on #Hardball: Trump throws his own intel chiefs under the bus. We're talking to @JohnBrennan about his comments and m…
RT @JRubinBlogger: @MeetThePress Yes, but more worried PA, Wisconsin, Michigan are back in D column which makes the other states irrelevant
@SenSchumer Because that’s the only way they can win elections.  This country is becoming a minority-majority country and rather than trying to convince non-white voters that Republican policies would benefit them,  they try to exclude those non-white citizens from voting.
@LindseyGrahamSC John McCain is turning over in his grave. You are such a disgrace to his memory and legacy and to this country.  Traitor.
Absolutely.  What a unbelievably stupid moron.  That’s what happens when you watch fox (govt propaganda network), tweet all day, don’t read, and don’t go into work until noon. https://t.co/ugLG5ZW62d
@JMurguia_Unidos @JussieSmollett As Sen. Harris said we are better than this.  This isn’t who we are or who we should be.  Hate crimes existed before trump, but he has accelerated the number and intensity of hate and hate crimes.  He has done nothing to condemn hate and try to bring the nation together.
@atrupar Stone conveniently doesn’t mention that he texted or emailed a Congressional witness that if he didn’t lie or take the 5th, than that person and his comfort dog were going to die. That doesn’t sound like non-violent behavior.
@GreggJarrett Life’s a bitch, ain’t it.  I feel so sorry for Rodger Dodger.  How does it feel to be on the traitorous government propaganda network?
@bluestein @GOP @staceyabrams Yes, because the Republican candidate and the Republican Party stole the election which is generally the only way Republicans can win elections these days. They cheat with voter suppression laws to deny non-white citizens their right to vote.
@realDonaldTrump Trumpie, you are a disgrace, embarrassment,  and danger to this country, not even mentioning that you’re a racist and a criminal.  So, just shut.the f up.
@JGreenblattADL The national crisis isn’t at the southern border.  It’s within the country with rise of anti-semitism and racism and the rise of hate crimes.
@finneyk If you don’t like someone because of the color of their skin, their ethnicity, or their sexual orientation,  just leave them alone.  Hate crimes existed before trump, but he has poured gas on the fire of hate.
@hardball @BillNye Unfortunately, we have a president who doesn’t read anything, just watches tv and tweets.  He is so stupid not to mention immoral, corrupt, and racist. What climate deniers don’t know is that global warming at the Arctic’s has caused release of vortex south to USA.
RT @rolandsmartin: I've met @HowardSchultz. Nice guy. But enough with amateur hour. Enough with rich white guys who are ONLY being seriousl…
@RepJoeKennedy @staceyabrams Representative Kennedy, my wife and I are big fans.  When you gave sotu rebuttal, you hit it out of the park.  Looking forward to your future contributions to the party and country.
@Karoli She’s absolutely right.   The failure of the Congress to enact common-sense gun safety reforms supported by the vast majority of Americans after Sandy Hook was one of the  greatest disgraces in American political history.  Let them see the bodies of all the children who died.
@TomiLahren @KamalaHarris What a vile sob.  Who did you sleep with to get your pathetic job at the government propaganda network.  Does trump have you on speed dial?
@joanwalsh Are we going to have stories about other Democratic male candidates romantic liaisons, too?  Of course, we probably have too much info about trump’s affairs.
@RiegerReport Because he is a f***ing hypocrite, liar, and will cheat,lie, and steal to try to make money.  He doesn’t give a damn about anyone else or this country. Just him.
@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Yeah, Donald, you’re doing a great job.  Just kept hundreds of thousand of people out of work and w/out paychecks for 35 days,  endangered people flying, and cost the economy billions of dollars.
@joncoopertweets @CNN @MSNBC @Mediaite Maybe there is hope for better media coverage in 2020. Thank you for stopping covering these Liars live.  If anything really newsworthy comes out, it can be covered later.
@MalcolmNance @Starbucks Boycott Starbucks!
@steve_vladeck The Constitution enshrines the separation of church and state, Republicans don’t get that.  As far as trump, was he reading the Bible when he was screwing   the porn star.
@JenaFriedman Bernie Bros are far worse than trumpsters.
@HowardSchultz If you have any love for America you won’t run as an independent.  You will insure the re-election of the most corrupt and racist president in history.  That will be your legacy and you will be vilified everywhere.  Think!
@wildwohl @GabbyGiffords @askjillian Wild wohl or whatever, you are one sick sob.  Gets some professional help and get on some meds. If they can even help you which I doubt.
@GabbyGiffords @GiffordsCourage Gabbie I’m so proud of your courage.  Your an inspiration to the entire country. I hope your husband runs for the Senate.
RT @1IronMan2020: There will be a number of people running to be the Democratic nominee for President in 2020.		Let's do our research, supp…
RT @hatttiegladwell: RT if you’ve ever:		- had a panic attack	- had an anxiety attack	- had a depressive episode	- had an intrusive thought…
@thehill Good for him.  Maybe he and like minded Red Sox players should go to see President Obama as the Golden State Warriors did.
Paul Begala just nailed it and Comrade Trump has a lot of his fellow Republicans as co-comrades. https://t.co/w1A9UAQKi9
RT @KevinMKruse: @HowardSchultz I’m an American political historian and I can assure you that the only thing you’ll accomplish by running f…
@TheDemCoalition The situation at the border is not a national crisis.  The opioid crisis is a national  crisis, healthcare is a national crisis, climate change is an international crisis.  By watching the news the last 35 days you’d think that immigration is the only problem in the country.
RT @YesMomsCan: Yes yes yes. Nobody is perfect. https://t.co/NBMyy3zDlp
RT @safeagain1: @realDonaldTrump When a leader lies constantly , the goal isn't to make you believe something, it's to make you believe any…
RT @joncoopertweets: Whoever the Democratic presidential nominee ends up being, EVERY Democrat, progressive &amp; moderate needs to unite behin…
@_justinlevitt_ @vanitaguptaCR Can you imagine what will happen if trump is defeated in 2020.  He will never accept the results and will have to be drug out of the White House by the Secret Service, Federal Marshall’s, and FBI.  How sweet would that be after he has repeatedly attacked federal law enforcement.
RT @joncoopertweets: As I said earlier today, we’re going to have an AMAZING field of Democratic presidential hopefuls! May the best candid…
RT @joncoopertweets: .@KamalaHarris is doing a GREAT job kicking off her #2020 presidential bid — very exciting and inspirational!! https:/…
@LarrySabato @HowardSchultz He has absolutely no chance of winning and all that he would do is re-electing ,the most racist, immoral, and criminal president.  Support and donate to the Democratic nominee.  Put country over your personal ambition.
@thehill Why would you run?  You have absolutely no chance of winning and would be only a spoiler for the most evil, corrupt, criminal, and racist president in the history of the country.  Put your country ahead of your personal ambition and back the Democratic nominee.
@JoyAnnReid Impressive speech by an impressive candidates.  She hit all the right notes.  Time will tell but I think she will be a serious front-running candidate for the nomination.
@RawStory My psychic-like abilities tell me he, stone, kushner, trump’s, jr and sr.  are liars and guilty as hell.
@RepAdamSchiff @GovHowardDean I like Adam Schiff am a former prosecutor although not as accomplished as he was.  Innocent people don’t consistently lie, stonewall, and attack the police and prosecutors.  Guilty people do.
@GOP @realDonaldTrump Lies and delusions aren’t limited to the White House. The enablers and accomplices over at the RNC don’t take 2nd fiddle to the liars at the White House.  Traitors!
@fwdale @thinkprogress Are we the country of the last 2 years or are we better than that. All the other issues-the economy, health care, climate change, etc revolve around how we deal with these issues as a country.  Is it how they’ve been dealt w/during the last 2 years.  NO!
@saletan @chucktodd @margbrennan My Dad used to tell me when I was growing up not to insult his intelligence by lying to him.  Trump and the Republicans have been lying to us for years and thereby insulting our intelligence.  They’re pathetic habitual liars who can’t be trusted with running our government.
@joshtpm You got to be f****ng kidding.  Trump has not once in over 2years tried to unite America.  He doesn’t care about uniting America, he only cares about his deplorable base. Hewitt is such an idiot.
@joncoopertweets How about they all 3 be arrested at the same time in simultaneous raids at 5am with huge SWAT teams.
@HotlineJosh Lay off Tom Brokaw.  He has been an icon journalist for decades with tons of integrity.  Stop taking words out of context and parsing words.  Stop trolling!
@CREWcrew Is this really a surprise?
@EmmaHayes25 @JesseLaGreca Please be kind to the elderly.  Many of them live alone and are very lonely.  Just saying hello and how are you could make their day.  In my community, I see people helping elderly and disabled persons by opening doors, etc. Most Americans are great. This is who we are, not trump
@JoeOfTheNorth @JesseLaGreca Mueller is coming!  Mueller is coming!  The walls are closing in,  you sick,racist, corrupt sob.
@KamalaHarris Very true.  Good luck in your historic bid for the presidency.  The rise of anti-semitism and totalitarian governments is very disturbing. It is very reminiscent of pre-WWII Europe and America when Hitler and the Nazis came to powerStrange we didn’t hear anything from trump today
@AnnCoulter Yes, the solution is to permanently deport Coulter who not only caused a pointless shutdown, but also slurred the memory of the late President George H.W.  Bush, and is a vile human being, if she can be called a human being.
@BretStephensNYT @nytopinion Socialism never works?  Social Security and Medicare are socialist programs. I don’t hear any senior complaining about receiving social security and having their medical expenses paid primarily by Medicare.
@MaddowBlog The Speaker should give the trump enabling and accomplicing Republicans 24 hours to name Republicans on the Intelligence Committee.  If they don’t, the House should pass a rule authorizing the Intelligence Committee to conduct business with or without Republican members.
@peterdaou The perfect is not the enemy of the good.  Democrats must unite behind whoever wins the nomination next year.  Trump must be defeated.  Trump is not the perfect, he is not the good, he is EVIL!  He must be defeated for the sake of our country and democracy.
@realDonaldTrump An you have an axe falling in your future, Donald.  You wouldn’t know truth if it hit you in your stupid orange face.
RT @altNOAA: .@realDonaldTrump Don't ya just miss driving? Resign. You can be back behind the wheel within the hour! https://t.co/gIdSO8UXkD
RT @ProudResister: The face of terror in America is not arriving in a caravan. It is already here within our own borders, homegrown, yet sa…
RT @peterdaou: THERE IS NO PERFECT CANDIDATE.		Anyone who claims their preferred candidate is flawless needs to do more research.		I was a…
@realDonaldTrump When I was growing up in 1969. as a diehard Cubs fan, Harry Carey, an announcer for the Cardinals kept saying the Cardinals are coming, the Cardinals are coming to beat the Cubs.  Now, Donald, the chant is Mueller is coming, Mueller is coming!
@thehill No thanks Bernie.  You and your Bernie Bros probably gave us trump in 2016. That is an unforgivable sin.
@TVietor08 @KamalaHarris When will the some outlets of the media stop sexist and mysogenistic (sp) attacks on women candidates?  They don’t ask these questions of male candidates.  Concentrate on candidates qualifications and what they’re going to do to make Americans lives better.
@Goss30Goss @JesseLaGreca It’s hard discussing politics with trumpsters.Not because they have different political views, but because they rely on alternate facts, not facts at all, that they derive from watching fox-the government propaganda channel.Sounds a lot like how Russia brainwashes its citizens.
@shannonrwatts @rolandsmartin Attacks on Harris probably come from Bernie’s Bros.  They cost us the election in 2016 and gave us trump.  They are in many ways worse than trumpsters.  Don’t let Bernie and his Bros do it again in 2020.  #Democrats Unite in 2020
@realDonaldTrump Whatever happened to that fake caravan right before the midterms?  Another lie by the Liar-in-Chief.
@tonyschwartz @rolandsmartin Tony should consider writing The Art of the Deal Second Edition with Speaker Nancy Pelosi on the front cover.
RT @viewsfordays: @ProudResister The Republican Party will be forever tied to racism, misogyny, putting children in cages, running up the n…
@parscale @EricTrump @realDonaldTrump I bet they both have criminal defense lawyers, I, wonder why Jared has Abbie	Lowell, probably the top criminal defense lawyer in Washington and one of the top criminal defense lawyers in the country, I wonder why.
@realDonaldTrump As Roger Stone said in 2016, your time in the barrel is coming you immoral racist, or hopefully a jail cell.
@BarbMcQuade For years Republicans have been arguing that we don’t need federal govt workers, that they’re lazy, and overpaid.  What we found out in the last 35 days is we need the hard-working and underpaid TSA, air traffic controllers, and other federal workers.  Again, Repubs out of touch.
@karenyourish @UpshotNYT I thought neither trump or anyone in his campaign had any contacts with Russia.  Lies, lies, and more lies from the Liar-in-Chief.
@bestofnextdoor @TVietor08 Not a good idea.
@K_JeanPierre You know it’s really bad when the foundation for the only disgraced president forced to resign from office is trying to distance themselves from stone and trump.
@thehill @TheHillOpinion Dershowitz, how does it feel to support a traitor, and a racist, immoral, and corrupt president?  I knew that I had lost all respect for you when you were part of oj’s defense team.  But,this, really?
RT @ProudResister: We are witnessing @realDonaldTrump break the law in real-time to cover up his conspiracy w/ Russia. We are witnessing th…
@CBSNews @PressSec Of course it doesn’t.  Remember when trump and sanders said that no one in the trump campaign had contacts with the Russians during the campaign?  Lies, delusions,  more lies and more delusions.  A corrupt government which must be defeated in 2020.  Get ready for the fight.
@SpeakerPelosi Finally, we have a Speaker that speaks truth to power. Paul Ryan hope you’re enjoying your retirement after two years of betraying your country while you enabled a criminal,racist, and immoral president.
@HunterDK @JesseLaGreca That’s all the government propaganda network had to talk about on Friday.  Sounds a lot like Russia.  Hmm.
@ShimonPro @Acosta Life’s a bitch, aint it?
RT @RogueNASA: Stop giving Ann  Coulter attention. 		Millions of Americans haven't had a paycheck in a month because of her. 		NASA mission…
@tariqnasheed Yea stfu.  Look what trump does with his hair trying to appeal to oranges in hopes of winning Florida again.
@thehill It didn’t end well for Nixon.  He lost the presidency, but didn’t go to jail.  You’re going to prison unless trump is stupid enough to pardon you, than trump will lose the presidency and he’ll go to prison.
@thehill Her reference to Pres George H.W. Bush was such a disgrace.  When has it been acceptable to slur a good president who just died.  This is so consistent with Coulter’s lack of character and any sense of decency.
@politico Maybe he should read the Speaker’s new book coming out next week-The Art of the Deal-Second Edition.
RT @kathygriffin: Perfect https://t.co/iRIri0LSoa
@SpeakerPelosi Great job, Madame Speaker!
@John_Hudson @AOC Join the club of trump’s criminals.
@BillOReilly You are a delusional sexual harasser.
@RealJamesWoods You might be interested to know James by 2050, you will be in the minority.  So I would watch your words, Minority Man.
@daveweigel Thank God it’s the end of trump’s reign of terror.  I wish.  But 2020 is coming and Democrats have many good candidates.  Get ready for the campaign of your life to save this country and get rid of this monster.
@Lawrence Did I hear that trump just left the White House for a cave.  You caved big guy.  Not a good week.  No state of the union and no wall.  The Speaker owns you.  Going to be a rough 2 years for you.
@cameron_kasky Do not mess with the Speaker.  She just took trump to the cleaners.  The media has suggested for over 2 years that trump is such a great politician that no democrat can get the best of him.  Wrong.  The Speaker just did twice this week.  No Sotu and no wall.
@GlennKesslerWP Where does trump get any of his ideas? Fox, Alex Jones,  other conspiracy theorists, delusions of a mentally ill mind? Who knows?
@DeadlineWH @NicolleDWallace Black Friday for Donald and those who bought his con job and drank the Kool-Aide.  Life’s a bitch.  Not too late, Donald, for you to resign and go back to NYC.  Otherwise, 2020, is just 1 year away and America is ready to electorally remove you from office.
@RWPUSA @realDonaldTrump No collusion right, Donald?  No collusion trumpsters right?  Witch hunt, right? Donald still greatest U.S. President, right?
RT @SethAbramson: I think Sarah Huckabee Sanders may be living the world's saddest life right now, knowing daily that the only thing she wi…
@cathleendecker @mviser If the question is can I defeat trump and get elected the answer is yes.  The harsh reality is that unless the Dems have 60 votes in the Senate after 2020 election, any Democratic President is going to need some republican votes to get their legislative agenda passed.
@krassenstein I would bet a lot of money that as soon as trump gets out of office that he and Melania will get quickly divorced.
@RWPUSA @Po_st Trump is ruining our economy by shutting down the govt for 35 days for no reason,  destroying the moral fiber of this country and what it should stand for, and our reputation abroad.  He is totally unfit to be potus.  He must be defeated in 2020. Resistance, get ready.
@anyaparampil @ChrisCuomo Absolutely,Trump’s idea of immigration policy is to cut off aid to Central American countries thereby wrecking those countries economies and making those countries more violent. Than when people flee those countries and seek asylum,  restrict asylum, and build a wall.  Ludicrous.
@katierogers @maggieNYT @arappeport The White House trumpsters who should be ashamed of themselves every day for working for trump, are showing their true colors.  They do not care about the    plight of the American people and most of them are so rich, they have no idea what is going on in the lives of Americans.
To all those trumpsters  out there in the buckets of deplorables, are you tired of winning yet?
@NBCNews The measure of a country is how they treat its children, it’s elderly, and those people who are physically or mentally infirm.  Over the last 2 years, our federal govt has failed that test miserably.  But most Americans reach out to help these groups.  God bless those Americans.
@clairecmc @jmartNYT I’m going to try that the next time I go to my grocery store.  I’ll walk thru the checkout lane with a cart full of groceries and tell the cashier that I’ll pay when I can.  I think that wouldn’t work and I’d wind up at the police station.
@davidgura @marthamaccallum @FoxNews @SecPompeo It is simply unbelievable that an American Secretary of State wouldn’t say that America of course would defends NATO ally, if needed. NATO came to our defense after 9/11.  What is happening to our country.  Everyone must commit all their energy to the resistance and to 2020.
@MaxBoot @PostOpinions Trump has no idea how to deal with the Speaker.  She may be 78, but she is one tough politician.  Remember the ACA would not have become the law of the land if Nancy Pelosi hadn’t been Speaker in2010.
@DavidOAtkins @JesseLaGreca I really don’t feel sorry for people making millions of dollars a year when furloughed federal workers are struggling to survive and millions of people have no health insurance, our roads, bridges and airports are crumbling. The free ride is over.
@harrylitman @SenatorBennet @Lawrence Senator Bennett showed his stuff today. He showed passion, which is missing from many Democratic leaders like Chuck Schuemer.  Yes, possible presidential timber, also maybe to replace Schumer as leader of Senate Dems. This is the time for passion.  RESIST trump.
@RWPUSA @Enquirer Richard you are so good and make the right point every time.  We have a national emergency, it’s not on the southern border, it’s in the White House and it’s trump.  I pray that we can make it thru the next 2 years and that trump is defeated in 2020.
@ABCPolitics The “sin” that mr Biden allegedly committed was praising a Republican congressman for his fight against cancer.  Biden’s son died of brain cancer.  Give me a break.  Joe, please run,your country needs you.
@HawaiiDelilah @JesseLaGreca A +70 year old man who doesn’t read, doesn’t text or email, knows more about tech than anyone else in the world.  I’m 66, I read,text,and email and I’ll never know more about tech than my son or any member of the millennial generation.
@NBCNews Go for it Paul.  Pretty soon you’ll be wearing prison “suits” for the rest of your life.
@brianstelter I’m reading Jon Meachem’s great book on Thomas Jefferson. Jefferson said if he had a choice between a free government or a free press, he would choose a free press. The free press is the backbone of this country. Where would we be w/o the press over the last 2 years.
@rickwtyler And you and the rest of the Senate’s  Republicans refusal to honor the long standing tradition, not to mention the Constitution, of giving a hearing and confirmation vote on Judge Garland’s appointment to the Supreme Court was far worse than rescheduling the state of the union.
@matthewamiller And Trump ran against Clinton because she had a private email server?
@AndrewFeinberg @larry_kudlow I wonder if kudlow and all his colleagues in the White House are “volunteering.”
@bpolitics @evanperez This could be a repeat of1979 when Pres Carter let the Shah of Iran into the country and our diplomats in Teheran were taken hostage by Iranians for over a year.  Hopefully not.  But trump and Pompeo are playing with fire with the lives of our diplomats in Venezuela.
@realDonaldTrump Wrong Donald.  Apparently Cohen, your former personal lawyer, and you castigated the fbi for “breaking into” cohen’s office and homes, will testify in the senate and the house. About Clinton talking to the feds, when is your interview with Moeller scheduled?
@bopinion @karlbykarlsmith The question is not whether the Democrats should nominate a liberal or moderate.  The Democrats must nominate a candidate who can defeat trump.  The country and our democracy are depending on it.
@politvidchannel 1860’s Abraham Lincoln was a Republican, 1950’s Ike was a Republican, 1970’s Gerry Ford was a Republican, 1980-1990’s Bush 41 was a Republican.  Now the Republicans are the party of trump, hannity, Coulter, and Limbaugh. This isn’t your parents or grparents GOP.
@senatemajldr Trump by executive order ended DACA,  trump by executive order ended temporary placement individuals.  He created those issues.  Now wants permanent wall for temporary fixes to DACA and temp placements.  Where’s the compromise, Mitch?
@CNBC So out of touch with people not earning at least 1 billion dollars a year.  Why should fed workers have to get and pay off loans when they’re being denied paychecks for over a month and a lot of people might not even qualify for a loan.  Open the govt.
@GovHowardDean This is so abhorrent to everything that America should stand for.  Discriminating against non-Christians and same sex couples is wrong.  How many children who are in a desperate need to being adopted are being denied loving families?  Following Jesus? I don’t think so.
@TheBeatWithAri @LannyDavis The crime is called tampering with a witness in a federal investigation-Moeller’s and Congressional-a federal crime and also obstruction of justice,also a federal crime. Both Guillani and Trump committed both of these crimes.
@washingtonpost Must have been a misspelling not abc, meant trump.
@RBReich Absolutely.  How many people would show up for work for over 30 days without getting paid?  Very few and federal workers shouldn’t either.   If they didn’t show up for work, not only would the govt be shut down, but so would the country. Than the fed govt would open immediately.
@ggreeneva Everyone knew trump was a  liar. Yet enough people didn’t care and elected him president. Now, this country is in a perpetual crisis because of voters who were either stupid or didn’t care.  People who didn’t vote because they thought Hillary would win also share the blame.
@ChrisCuomo Media:please stop even talking about birtherism accusations against African-American or biracial candidates.  This issue is never, ever raised against white candidates. It’s called Racism.
RT @robreiner: The crisis at the border has been created by Trump. The crisis of federal employees is the shutdown created by Trump. The cr…
@SymoneDSanders Absolutely.  MSM kept having Trump on tv displaying his racism, year after year even before trump was a candidate.  Hopefully, although I have my doubts, the media won’t make the same mistake again.
@NBCNews The only thing Rudy has said that I agree with and is the truth.
@ProudResister Any American who wants to serve and protect this country should be honored	not excluded from the military.  Trump says he wants to protect the country.  His actions say otherwise.
@samstein Is it a coincidence that every African-America or biracial presidential candidate is questioned whether they were born in USA and no Caucasian candidate is questioned.  Hell no, it’s called racism.
@funder Trump doesn’t care about anything or anyone but himself.  He’s a narcissist.  The only reason he’s so stuck on the wall is that he wants a permanent memorial to himself and his racist and immoral policies. Dems must RESIST!
@mikejon42679667 @MalcolmNance Mike Jon you’re such an idiot when you call Malcolm Nance irrelevant.   When you have devoted yourself to the defense of this country as Malcolm has than you would have the right to criticize, until then, just shut up.
@PeteButtigieg As a fellow Hoosier, I’m glad your running.  The way that you’ve turned around South Bend is really awesome.  Good luck!
@RWPUSA Rudy, you’re an idiot.  As a lawyer, you’re well past your prime.  You’ve destroyed your legacy of mayor of nyc on 9/11.  Your obit will start with he lied and conspired with trump, the worst us president ever.
@KamalaHarris Kamala, I’m glad your running.  I think you have a good chance of winning the nomination and the presidency,  I think it’s impt for you and any other candidate to concentrate on what you can do to make americans lives better-health care, education, etc.  ignore trump’s slurs.
@JillWineBanks @HardballChris @hardball @MichaelSteele I just love your legal analysis.  You are so great.  As a retired attorney, I’m simply in awe of your professional career and accomplishments.
@JRubinBlogger I’m so sorry for your loss.  We lost our beloved Roxie just over a year ago and we still think of her every day.  Our vet sent us a sympathy card with the theme that our pets are waiting for us at Rainbow Bridge and we’ll see them when we pass.  Take care.  I luv your columns.
@TheBeatWithAri @AriMelber Low energy Donald.  What person who is supposed to be at work at 8-9am, could consistently come in at noon and still keep his job.
@DeadlineWH @TheRevAl @NicolleDWallace You have to shame trump to do anything that a decent human being not to mention POTUS would do, such as visiting Iraq to visit our troops and honoring MlK.  Where was the speech today honoring MLK?  Going to MLK memorial, unscheduled for 90 seconds isn’t honoring Dr. King.
@thehill It’s called getting your stories together and trying to influence a witness’ testimony like you remember the Moscow Trump Tower deal discussions ended in January of 2016, not November 2016, don’t you Michael.
@thehill This person is a Democratic candidate for President?  I don’t think so.
@GeoffRBennett This constant walking back by Rudy, last week it was about campaign collusion, yesterday about the trump tower in Moscow discussions going onto Election Day 2016, reminds when the late, great Gilda Ratner, would come on SNL, spiel something, and then say never mind.
@SenSchumer Dr. King’s entire life and legacy was and is to make America greater for everyone not to return America to the Jim Crow era of the 1950’s as Trump wants to do.
@jeffmason1 @realDonaldTrump @VP Why bother you racists sobs.  Get off the sacred grounds of Dr. King’s Memorial.
@Yamiche I agree and someone once said-paraphrasing-all that it takes for evil to prevail, is for good people to do nothing.  Are you listening Republicans are you good and do you even care?
@_waleedshahid Dr. King didn’t separate families at the border, institute a racist travel ban, call nazis good people, etc., etc.  More lies by trump and pence.  Two old white guys comparing themselves to an African American icon civil rights leader.
@thehill Wishful thinking by the trump news network-also known as government propaganda.
@realDonaldTrump @marklevinshow Hundreds of thousands of people are without paychecks and struggling to survive and Trump is worried about who gets into the hall of fame.  End the shutdown and get people back to work with paychecks.
@SportsCenter The Saints belong in the Super Bowl.  The Rams trip to Atlanta is tainted.
@ABCPolitics We are the laughingstock of the world-to close down the govt over a racist and immoral wall, putting hundreds of thousands out of work or without paychecks is offensive to everything that this country should stand for.  Trump is a national and international disgrace.
@BresPolitico If your part of the Trump resistance, you must cheer for the Rams.  The Patriots owner is a big Trump supporter.
@ProFootballTalk When you or someone in your organization massively screws up, you need to step up and answer questions as to what went wrong.  This is owed to all fans.  When the Bears kicker missed a field goal in the Eagles game, he answered media questions.  Showed more guts than NFL.		U
@_waleedshahid This is so disgusting and such an insult to the memory and legacy of Dr. King.
@GeoffRBennett @realDonaldTrump Just like Veterans Day.  First, he dishonors those who died protecting our country and than he dishonors a man who died in the campaign for civil and human rights.
@danpfeiffer Kushner-the same guy that thought that firing Comey was a great idea and would be cheered by Dems.
@neeratanden @RonaldKlain Gabbard is simply not a Democrat not to mention being a progressive.  She has no place in the Democratic Party and no business running for President.
@joshtpm @JesseLaGreca @TPM Absolutely and Trump was lying to the American public during the campaign while sucking up to Putin and Russia.  If there was nothing to hide why did Trump lie during the campaign and after elected President that he had no business with Russia.
@realDonaldTrump Trump has no idea how to deal with the Speaker.
@realDonaldTrump Trump’s philosophy is that if you repeat a lie over and over again,  some people will believe it.  What poll Donald? Probably the Moscow poll.
@MalcolmNance Trump is so delusional.  Once the Republican Party was the party of Lincoln.  Now it is the party of Trump whose name should not appear in the same breath as the Great Emancipator especially on MLK birthday weekend.
RT @Yamiche: .@K_JeanPierre tells me: “There was no govt shutdown crisis before Trump created it. There was no DACA crisis before Trump cre…
@politico I thought Moeller and his band of Democrats were running a witch hunt and a corrupt investigation.
@cameron_kasky We have millions of people suffering from mental illness.  Destroying lives and families.  We have unprecedented numbers of suicide.  This is a national emergency.  This is not to denigrate other important issues such as global warming, etc.
@SethAbramson My favorite school-Purdue Boilermakers beat their arch rivals, Indiana, in men’s college basketball today.
@frfrankpavone @realDonaldTrump Yeah.   Whatever happened to that fake caravan before the midterms.  Kind of disappeared after the Republicans lost 40 seats in the House.  I’d be more concerned about sexual molestation charges against many priests in your church-that’s one caravan of priests and actual danger.
@Yamiche How can something be a national emergency if the government been closed for almost a month because of a so-called natl emergency. It maybe is a political emergency for trump of his own making-not a national emergency.
@realDonaldTrump You have no hope of restoring credibility in anything you say.  You are a chronic and serial liar.  You have done it all your life.  Most Americans stopped believing anything you say a long time ago. Stop lecturing to the media and stop lying.
@tedlieu @realDonaldTrump Trump says that he’s all law and order and for police 100 per cent. Sounds nice, just words, no action.
@waltshaub This is what trump has done to our country.  Obviously, racism and racists existed before trump.  But, trump has emboldened racists to express their racism in person or online and this is particularly true among certain segments of white young males.  This is such a disgrace.
@RBReich A power grab was denying Judge Garland a confirmation hearing and vote.
@BostonGlobe @Jeff_Jacoby This guy writes for the Boston Globe.  Did he ever go to Journalism School?  Has he ever read history? What planet is he living on?
@peterbakernyt @anniekarni @SherylNYT Temporary protection for dreamers-3years?  Is the wall going to be temporary? End the shutdown and negotiate a permanent solution for dreamers with a pathway to citizenship.
@SenSchumer @realDonaldTrump Where are the Senate Republicans?  They’re enabling the Russian loving potus.
@CREWcrew What a total surprise.  I’m shocked.
@CBSEveningNews Farrakhan is a racist and anti-Semitic.  Women’s March co-president couldn’t even state that Israel has a right to exist.  This is so wrong and offensive.  She should be removed from any position of leadership in the Women’s March Organization.
@Newsweek It’s not like Clinton and the Dems didn’t warn the country about this 2years ago.  Than we had people sit out the 2016 election because they thought Clinton would win or they didn’t like her.  This mistake can’t be repeated in 2020.  Dump trump!
@CNN Boy that great trump wall will really stop illegal immigration, won’t it?
@pbump That sounds great.  But don’t trust the polls.  Remember 2016.  The election in 2020 will be the fight of our lives to save our democracy and country.
@WokeRomney And why in God’s name did you vote in favor of easing sanctions on Russia.  Talk is cheap; actions (votes in the Senate) are what count.  Let’s see some action Mitt.  Country over party.
@SenSchumer @realDonaldTrump They are incompetent, racist, and they just don’t give a damn about human decency, the values of our country, or the country itself.
@kaitlancollins Trump and the people working in the White House are either incompetent, immoral, racist, or corrupt, but probably all of the above.
@JonLemire Subpoena the racist and criminal sob
@Bakari_Sellers @LindseyGrahamSC @DerrickNAACP @NAACP Absolutely.  A white guy from South Carolina telling black people what they think is not good for America.  Sounds like something out of the Jim Crow past.
@DavidBrodyCBN @SpeakerPelosi @realDonaldTrump Trump doesn’t know how to play chess or checkers.  All he has time for is watching fox, tweeting and apparently watching the Christmas Broadcast Network which is staffed by hypocrites like Brody who continue to support an immoral person-having affairs while Melania is pregnant.
@GovChristie @SteveKingIA How then could Christie support trump and his comments about an American judge of Mexican descent, attack on gold star family, mockery of disabled reporter, and calling nazis good people.
@thehill I’m sure that it was just a coincidence.
@joncoopertweets You had a deal last year, wall funding for permanent dreamers fix.  Than you listened to Steven Miller and wanted to restrict legal immigration, so you rejected the deal.  So stop crying now.
@mkraju @ChrisCuomo How does Guillani personally know that trump didn’t collude with the Russians.  We’ve moved past collusion, we’re now talking about conspiring to defraud the United States by illegally interfering in a presidential election.
@JesseLaGreca Maybe Ann Coulter and Rush should give a joint State of the Union Address.  They’re the reason the govt is shutdown and they’re the power behind the throne.
@jaketapper What? I thought there was no collusion. that no trump campaign officials even talked with Russians during the campaign.  Trump micromanages everything.  If the campaign colluded with the Russians and they did, trump colluded with the Russians.
@ABC What a surprise!
@LokayFOX5 @daveweigel @SteveKingIA @JDScholten WTF is the problem with the voters in king’s district?  They knew that king was a racist for years.  The majority of voters are racist or doing one hell of a great impersonation of racists.
@mkraju Trump doesn’t know who is dealing with when he is dealing with the Speaker.
@realDonaldTrump It is becoming more and more obvious that you (trump) are racist and immoral, a danger to American democracy,  and unfit to serve as president and commander-in-chief.
@costareports Bring it on.  The American public understands that this is the trump-McConnell shutdown, not the Pelosi-Schumer shutdown.  The party of trump is damaging the lives of thousands of Americans and the economy.  They are so out of touch with Americans and have no empathy.
@secupp Absolutely.  Stop this disgusting innuendo.
@AaronMSanchez A slide rule.
@rklein90 This is disgusting and immoral.  Yet, it is unfortunately in line with trump-pence immoral and anti-LGBTQ policies.  This doesn’t befit the 2nd lady; any comparisons to Jill Biden continuing to teach are ridiculous.
Right on point.  Trump only cares about 1 person-himself.  This narcissistic racist could care less about American or any of its citizens.  He doesn’t even care about his wall except as a permanent monument to his immoral and racist policies. https://t.co/e9pFvb9r5z
@LauraWalkerKC Pulling out of NATO would be tantamount to appeasement at Munich to Hitler prior to WWII.   Trump clearly is a Russian troll or asset and the Trump Party formerly known as the GOP are Trump and Putin’s enablers. See Senate vote today on removing Russian sanctions.
I have been a life-long Cubs fan going back to the 1960’s.  I lived thru and remember fondly 1969.  But, the Cubs need to get rid of Addison Russell.  The domestic abuse he dealt to his ex-wife is unforgivable.  He doesn’t belong in a Cubs uniform.
@espn @BoilerFootball What a great thing for the Clemson coach to honor Tyler at the White House.  Clemson just became my 2nd favorite team after the Boilers.  Thank you Coach.  Rest In Peace, Tyler.
RT @espn: Dabo Swinney quoted the late @BoilerFootball super fan Tyler Trent while speaking at the White House today 🙏 https://t.co/pXhElpC…
RT @MSNBC: .@chrislhayes: "Donald Trump is at the border and shutting down the government...because he almost certainly correctly thinks hi…
RT @KFILE: Excellent @FrankBruni on learning from the media’s mistake in 2016 for 2020:“Will we sprint to Beto O’Rourke, Cory Booker or Mik…
@KatyTurNBC Absolutely.  The media must not report the trump’s slurs of political opponents.  They made this mistake in 2016 with disastrous results. Let’s talk about issues and what candidates will do to make life better for Americans.
@thehill #complicit The Republicans have sold out the country and are complicit with trump.   The Republicans have sunk so low that they are protecting an individual who has sold out his country and is a Russian asset.
RT @tedlieu: Dear @realDonaldTrump: FYI, Congress gets to decide whether to fund a "militarized" border. Some facts:		-Violent crime &amp; prop…
RT @MsPackyetti: RT this if you think it’s already too late. https://t.co/3kDOyXlzb9
@FaceTheNation @realDonaldTrump @GOPLeader More acquiesce and complicity in the immoral and racist policies of trump.  Apparently, the Republicans learned nothing from their drubbing in the midterms.
RT @cameron_kasky: In 2020, I want to vote for a candidate who doesn’t make the news every single day. I want a President who does their jo…
@thehill This is not news.  Of course, trump’s going to slur his political opponents.  Today it was Warren and Biden, tomorrow it will be someone else.  The media needs to stop covering trump slurs of his political opponents.  This is what the media did in 2016 with disastrous results.
@washingtonpost The media must stop covering trump’s constant slurs against all his political opponents.  Cover the issues not trump’s slurs.  Don’t make the same mistakes that were made in 2016.  2020 is too important.
I agree.  I could never vote for her.  She ran a very good senator out of town. https://t.co/8pO3PQGSQx
RT @peterdaou: GUT CHECK:		The sitting U.S. president appears to be a Kremlin agent.		The Republican Party leadership is aiding and abettin…
RT @YesMomsCan: Besides rendering Lindsey Graham complicit, this deflection is straight out of the Nixon defenders’ playbook and is a commo…
@washingtonpost This literally doesn’t make any sense.  If there is a true national emergency, which there is not, trump should act now.  To delay 3 weeks, just proves that there is no national emergency just a political emergency for trump of his own making.
@GovHowardDean Gabbard is no progressive and in fact no Democrat.  She was constantly critical   of President Obama on a multitude of issues. The other possible Democratic presidential candidates, anyone one of them, are far preferable than Gabbard.
@CNNSotu @SenRonJohnson The Republicans are apologists for trump and complicit in his being a Russian asset and a danger to our national security.  The House must thoroughly investigate trump’s meeting with Putin in Helsinki. For trump to keep secret from intelligence community is very troubling.
@dailykos She is a great asset for Democrats both in Georgia and nationally.  It is a crime that she is not now the governor of Georgia.  Democracy     can only survive if everyone who wants to vote is allowed to vote and people are confident that the elections were fairly decided.
@JillWineBanks @joncoopertweets @merce2me @MalcolmNance @LawProfButler @maddow @Lawrence @HechtCs @vegasbanks @robreiner Jill thank you for your fine work and analysis.  My ears perk up when I see you coming on tv.  I urge everyone to go look at Jill’s resume (career history).  It is one of the most awesome career history of any person and attorney that I’ve ever seen.
@Newsweek Hey trump could’ve been right when he said Obama tapped my trump tower wires.  Ah yes, and they revealed trump taking orders from Comrade Putin. And, Jim Comey might have been wired when he and trump spoke about loyalty and laying off Flynn.  Poor Donald, life is a bitch.
@TheDemCoalition As Gómer Pyle used to say on the Andy Griffith show-citizens arrest.  If you are under age 50, you are probably too young to remember unless you watch old reruns of the show on Netflix.
@NBCNews You and trump will go down in history as the worst foreign policy advocates for u.s.  Have accomplished nothing.  Sucked up to Putin, protected a murderer in Saudi Arabia, got played by North Korea/China, pulled out of Iran deal and Paris Climate Deal.  Horrendous record.
@Newsweek Rudy you’re way past your prime.  Defense attorneys don’t have the right to correct a prosecutor’s report or arguments.  They have a right to file a rebuttal report or memorandum, but not to correct a prosecutor’s report.  Rudy and trump’s attorneys are not judges nor a God.
@BleacherNation I’m obviously a Cubs fan.  See my Twitter ID, but the cubs need to get rid of Russell before spring training starts.
@GOPChairwoman You need to listen to your Uncle Mitt about the horrible character traits of trump.
@krassenstein Yes.  Thank God.  God bless you RBG and may you live a long life.  Seems trump admin premature in looking for her replacement prematurely.  How despicable.
@kylegriffin1 @MalcolmNance The answer is the wall is not necessary and the shutdown has nothing to do with border security. This is all about building a monument to trump’s immoral and racist policies.  To hold over 800,000 Americans hostage to trump’s narcissism is repugnant to the office of president.
@jonfavs Absolutely.  I say let trump and the republicans declare a fake national emergency and the next Democratic president will use the precedent on real national emergencies.
@kasie @LindseyGrahamSC Lindsey Graham-it’s time for trump to take dictatorial and unconstitutional presidential action.  I hope that he violates the Constitution and the courts let	him get away with it.
@JillFilipovic Certainly, she’s not a progressive, but she’s not a Democrat either.  She is a Republican.  She routinely criticized President Obama and she thinks she’s going to seek the Democratic nomination for president.  She’s delusional.
@BillKristol Before the Republicans acquiesce in trump’s desire to declare a fake national emergency, they better consider what precedent that would set. The next time a Democratic president is in office she or he could declare a national healthcare emergency and institute Medicare for all.
@StevenTDennis The Republicans should censure king and remove him from the house Republican caucus. But, they won’t because they are afraid of trump and are complicit in trump’s immoral and racist policies.
@DrDenaGrayson @realDonaldTrump @SenSchumer @SpeakerPelosi Domestic political debate is what a democracy is all about.  But, saying that the  Democratic Party is less honorable than China-a communist and totalitarian country is beyond belief.  It is further evidence that trump is a disgrace as a president and is unfit to serve.
@ChadPergram This is so corrupt, evil, and illegal.  How can a president have the legal authority  to divert funds Congress has authorized for disaster relief to building an unnecessary and immoral wall w/out congressional approval.
@RepDanCrenshaw We need border security-drones, technology.  There may be some areas that there is a need for some type of barrier.  But we don’t need a wall for the whole length of the southern border.  Trump’s desired wall would be a monument to his immoral and racist policies.
@EricBoehlert Media get your act together. Talking this week about whether Warren is likeable or about her ethnicity and about profanity repeats the e-mails and wikileaks mistakes of 2016.  Those who don't learn from the past will repeat the past. Can't afford to have trump re-elected.
RT @EricBoehlert: press thinks it did great job in 2016, and remains committed to duplicating the fiasco in 2020 https://t.co/SN6M99BTRJ
@joncoopertweets I don't agree with aoc on everything, but on this issue, she is absolutely right without question.
RT @thehill: Multiple Dem senators call for blocking bills until McConnell allows a vote on re-opening government https://t.co/tdVT50PvPF h…
@RobHamilton007 @joanwalsh @BobWhite22 More who will be exposed? Did you mean trump's like Flynn, Cohen, manafort, gates, papadopals, et al.  Guess you're right, still got stone, corsi, page, donjr, kushner, and of course, the big Donald. 2019 should be an interesting year for the trumpies.
@TomPelissero @AroundTheNFL Peters is such a low life.  Rubbing it in during one of the worst time of the Bears kicker's career.  Here's hoping that Drew Brees and the Saints destroy the Eagles and their low-life player.
@GeoffRBennett Hell, he hasn't been getting to oval to around noon.  Now, pdb, pushed back to 2pm, must be a real tweet storm coming tomorrow morning.  Just lucky no national emergencies like govt shutdown or fake emergency at southern border.
Absolutely. Trump's comments and actions go far beyond using profanity that accurately describes trump. https://t.co/Szg76eXz8E
@ABC From the replies I see below it looks like a lot of trumpster deplorables are off their meds tonite.
@SeanMcElwee @MattxRed Absolutely! Enough about profanity from the media.  This is the same mistake that the media made in 2016-e-mails and  wiki leaks. We have a person in the WH who is unfit for the office, a liar, and instituting racist policies.  Let's keep our eye on the ball media.
@LarrySabato It is essential for our country that trump be defeated in 2020.  Biden will win pa, mich, and wisc, while other dem candidates might not.  Pair Biden w/Warren, Harris, Beto, Booker, etc., but let's get rid of trump in 2 years
@DLeonhardt Hopefully, but never underestimate this danger to our democracy and our country.  That was done in 2016.  We will be in for the fight of our lives to remove the cancer from the presidency and our country.
@ChrisVanHollen If the federal govt is shutdown, shut down the senate for business until McConnell and senate republicans start doing their jobs under the Constitution as a co-equal branch of government.
@realDonaldTrump You can never, ever believe trump.  Let's see how trump tries to lie his way out of this one and claim that he built the wall and of course, Mexico paid for it.
@MalcolmNance @ProudResister Again, if trump does this, it probably will be stopped in the courts.  However, if SCT upholds trump's unconstitutional action, the next time a Democratic president is elected, that president should declare a national health emergency and institute Medicare for All.
@CNN I say that trump and his buddies should do it.  Than the next time a Democratic president is elected, she or he will declare a national emergency and institute Medicare for all to resolve the national emergency.
@Mkblack64Black @OldGrunt0351 Absolutely.  It's choosing time.  Where do you stand in the defense of our democracy and country?
@thehill I am an American Joe and I don't want you to apologize for me.  When are you going to ask trump to apologize for his many racist, anti-women chants?
@tedlieu @PressSec @realDonaldTrump Sanders probably thought she was going to get softball questions because she was on Fox.  She's so stupid because she didn't know that Chris Wallace is a reputable journalist even though he works for Fox.
@DorisKGoodwin Absolutely! I encourage everyone to read all of Doris Kearns Goodwin's books.  She is a fantastic historian and writer.
@MSNBC @maddow But there's no collusion right?  Even if there was, there's no crime, right?
@politvidchannel @rolandsmartin Nobody knows more about being an idiot, racist, amoral, corrupt, criminal, danger to our democracy, and our country more than the narcissistic Donald.  God help our country and ourselves.
@Delavegalaw @JeffFlake Exactly.  There should be no place in America for trump's racist and inhumane policies.  Let's face it almost everyone uses profanity at 1 time or another.  It's not a big deal.  Again, the media has fallen right into the republicans trap by making so much of profanity.  Enough!
@RBReich We also don't negotiate or compromise with people that take hostages, specifically 800,000 federal workers who aren't getting paychecks thereby jeapordizing their lives and the lives of their families.
@Mimirocah1 @AndrewCMcCarthy @gtconway3d Standard criminal practice is when law and facts are not on the side of the defendant to attack the police and the prosecutors.  This is what trump and Giuliani have been doing for months.  Hopefully, the vast majority of Americans won't buy this bs.
@nickconfessore @AllMattNYT The media is not the enemy of the people.  Trump and complicit republicans are the enemy of the people, our democracy, and our country
@CNNPolitics You can not trust anything that comes out of this administration, not just trump; anyone working in the trump admin is a liar.  It is a sad commentary on the present state of our country.  The propaganda coming out of the admin makes us no different than a totalitarian govt.
@NBCNews @NBCOUT Brazil's trump, maybe Donald would like to move there and help bolsonaro out.
@mattyglesias No socialism in America? What do you think social security and Medicare is if not socialist policies.  I haven't heard of any conservative turning down social security and Medicare benefits.
@MalcolmNance @RashidaTlaib Malcolm Nance as usual is spot on.  Enough with this issue.  This is the same mistake that the media made in 2016 by concentrating on e-mails and wiki leaks.  Media please learn from your mistakes; our country can't afford to have trump re-elected.
@thehill And he had the b***s to criticize the congresswoman for using profanity?
@brianstelter No. Under no circumstances.  Would news media put on a person live or even on tape that they knew was going to lie.
@timseymour Why is this not a crime?
@AOC I agree.  Too much media time is being spent on this subject.  I'm not offended by the use of profanity.  I am offended by children being separated from their parents, calling Nazis fine people, criticizing a gold star family, and mocking a disabled reporter.
@AndrewCMcCarthy @NRO I used to be a prosecutor and I'm sure that every person who was under criminal investigation wanted the investigation to end.  That's not the way the criminal justice system is supposed to work and trump should not and is not above the law.
@Tutoanana @ChrisCuomo I like Chris Cuoma. But trump will never change.  He is an evi, amoral, chronic liar, and a substantial danger to our democracy and country.  If you think trump's going to change, either you haven't been paying attention or you're delusional.
@voxrob @GovHowardDean I thought trump said there was a national emergency at the southern border.  I'm sure that this amoral, corrupt, criminal, and serious mother f***er would not lie to the American people to try to play on some people's fears for political purposes.
@MSNBC Trump is right.  There is a national emergency and he lives in the White House and works very little in the Oval Office.  Mostly, he's on a golf course in NJ and Florida.
@MeetThePress Gosh, why didn't they tell us this before? That makes all the difference in the world.  NOT. Try a counter-offer of open up the government and no wall.  That would work.
@AOC @altNOAA Another old white guy who is so out of touch with women and especially young women.  You'd think the gop would start wondering why they did so poorly with women and young people last November.
@mkraju Madame Speaker-keep the pressure on the Republicans in the Senate that believe in trump's racist policies and don't believe that the Congress is an independent branch of government under trump.
RT @PoliticusSarah: THIS is everything. https://t.co/zmlPYgv2sR
@danpfeiffer @TrumpRussiaTies Absolutely.  Loyalty to right-wing nuts over legitimate news and loyalty to country.
@IlhanMN @MariaTeresa1 Congratulations and thank you for serving.  I am so happy that the House has removed a vestige of religious discrimination, finally, after far too many years
@thehill Mr. Vice President Biden-you need to run, your country desperately needs you.
@ReliableSources @brianstelter @SymoneDSanders @finneyk @danpfeiffer @CNN This is a good topic to discuss.  Media companies need to self-examine on how they'll cover the 2020 campaign so that the mistakes of 2016 election are not repeated like concentrating on e-mails and covering trump rallies in their entirety.
@altNOAA Absolutely agree.  Trump's response to people from Central America trying to travel to the border to seek asylum and escape violence in their own country is to cut off aid to those countries which only increases the # of Central Americans traveling and seeking asylum.
@CREWcrew @TrumpRussiaTies So how is this astounding?  Did you expect anything else from Don the Con (Convict) and his corrupt and criminal administration.  Yet he has no problem with 800,000 Americans losing their paychecks
@emptywheel Trump's such a hypocrite. He not only dishonored his wife and family; he has consistently dishonored the presidency and our country.
@HuffPostIndia Sure.  They don't care about buying food, paying their rents and mortgages, paying their bills, and taking care of their families. Trump is such a pathetic liar.
@washingtonpost You promise, Lindsey.  As Clint Eastwood says make my day, please, please.
@_waleedshahid They have no class.  What happened to Mcconnell's call of yesterday for reaching across the aisle and being civil.  The House Republican caucus must not have gotten that message.
@RepBrianMast @ElectJimBaird @DanCrenshawTX Thank you for service in protecting our country and our freedoms.  Your courage and service to our country is unbelievable.  Hopefully, it will rub off on all members of Congrss.
@politico Press briefing? Questions-no he is afraid to take questions.  Support?  Overwhelming majority of Americans don't support the wall or the trump shutdown.  Open up the govt Donald.
@AC360 @BernieSanders @andersoncooper Bernie.  The buck stops at the top-you.  It was your responsibility to know or find out about the allegations of sexual harassment and pay discrimination and deal with those issues.
@brianstelter @oliverdarcy No. Not unless you have a fact-checker scrawl on the screen and the pool spray is not incoherent ranting by trump like it was today.  Hopefully, this issue is being discussed in all newsrooms.  The media must not repeat their free media approach for trump that was done in2016
RT @craigunger: Yes. Meanwhile, Trump shuts down govt over The Wall (and distracts the media) when the real natl security threat is that we…
@thehill Mitch-do you mean like you? No way.  You are such a pathetic hypocrite. You say work together like when you denied a hearing to Judge Garland and when you said that your highest legislative priority was to deny President Obama a second term
RT @brianneubert: Column: Please don't ever forget Tyler Trent https://t.co/K617ji2cjL https://t.co/dFu9ixvgyo
RT @funder: Good riddance to these traitors:		-Paul Ryan: Worst. Speaker. Ever	-Orrin Hatch: Demented	-Jeff Flake: Spineless	-Bob Corker: G…
@KamalaHarris This is such an important health issue.  Thousands, if not millions, of people suffering from mental illness could be restored to productive lives if only more treatment was available and the stigma was removed from mental illness.
@MollyJongFast An idiot.
RT @TheDemCoalition: Trump is corrupt. Retweet if you agree. Then listen to Scott Dworkin’s interview with Rep Steve Cohen, where he explai…
@MeetThePress So Manchin is saying that members of congress as does America have to accept that trump is a liar, a racist, anti-women, amoral, and a criminal.  No we don't have to accept these things.  We have to resist everyday and work tirelessly to defeat him in 2years.
@EricBoehlert Isn't Melania and his son trump's family ?Weren't they at the WH with trump? What the hell is Whittaker talking about? He's such a political hack.
@naretevduorp @joncoopertweets @SpeakerRyan Ryan like almost all of the Republican Party is complicit in the racism, lies, and crimes of trump.  Good riddance.  What a disgrace!!
@ThePlumLineGS Nielsen and other liars in the administration should be forced to testify in front of House committees.  If they won't appear voluntarily, subpoena them.
@JoyceWhiteVance Does this surprise anyone? Looks like trump finally got his Roy Cohn protector at Doj  and Barr will be no better.
@TrumpRussiaTies @LindseyGrahamSC Sen. Graham-your support of trump is an insult to the memory and legacy of John McCain.  Putting party over country will put you on the wrong side of history forever.
@RBReich On 9/11, our country was attacked by terrorists.  Today, our country, our democratic govt and way of life is no less under attack, this time by the amoral and autocratic-loving president of the United States.
America's New Year's resolution: Protect our democracy by removing	Trump https://t.co/aktDwGns6S #arcamax
@NikkiHaley This tells us all we need to know about Haley.  A trumpster  in love with racist autocrats.  Remember this tweet when she runs for president some day.
No collusion.  Right. https://t.co/nH50VWz2iq
@politico Politico playing right into the mysoginy (sp?) of trump and republicans.  Judge Warren and any other candidate on their record and stance on the issues, not like ability, especially women candidates, who have been discriminated against-HC.
@CindyOtis_ @joncoopertweets We can't afford to go thru another presidential election demonizing women candidates again.  Too much is at stake, our decency,our morality, our democracy, our country.  The media has to concentrate on the issues, not on trump and republicans attacks on women and dem candidates
@pbump Oh Please.  What are you talking about?  His lies, his racism, his being anti-women? Then again, "saving this nation" might be a reference to Russia, not the USA.
@LEBassett @Lawrence Amen.  Are you listening news media?  Let's not have another election year where the media is focused on non-issues like they did with Clinton's e-mails two years ago.
@HammerAndRails @SBNationCFB @espn Abraham Lincoln once said and I paraphrase it is not the number of years you live, it's what you do in the years God grants you.  Tyler was an incredible man who affected millions of lives. May God bless him and may he rest in peace.  May God grant comfort to his family
@realDonaldTrump @jairbolsonaro Why don't you resign and move to Brazil so you can be with your racist, anti-woman, immoral, and autocratic buddy.  You'd be happier and God would America be elated!
RT @politvidchannel: This VIDEO Of Trump Talking About Who is Paying for The Wall Should be Retweeted every single day of the Government sh…
@APlaceForMom Absolutely.  This is something that is never thought about while you're going thru the trauma of putting your parents into Sr. Living care or after they die.  Should be pre-planned with input from parents if possible.
@realDonaldTrump It's known as the trump shutdown.  You wanted. You got it.  At the end, you will not get your racist and immoral wall.  Bring it on!!
@McCormickProf @SykesCharlie @realDonaldTrump Absolutely!  This coming from commander in chief bone spurs who used his family's wealth and influence to avoid serving in Vietnam.  Pathetic.
Spot on! This guy is not only a petulant child, he is a chronic liar, you can NEVER trust anything he says! https://t.co/uYOmKRjjhH
@realDonaldTrump Someone needs to be in charge of Donald's night care (not day care center, night care center), and get him into therapy and on some meds.
@thehill I don't like people chronically lying like you and your disgusting boss-so shut up.
@kenvogel The most beautiful new year would be you out of the White House and in a prison cell where you and your family belong.
RT @funder: .@realDonaldTrump-Everyone who retweets this thinks your New Year’s resolution should be to resign. #TrumpResign
@realDonaldTrump What a pathetic, immoral liar.  If any calls made, countries probably asking how enough Americans voted for trump to get him elected in EC.
@realDonaldTrump Shut up and either watch Fox or spend some time with your wife and son.  You probably wouldn't think of that, would you?
@thehill You can't negotiate with trump because he is a vulgar, pathetic, liar, who has no morals and is a danger not only to our country, but the entire planet.  However, calling him mentally ill or deranged is to minimize people who are truly suffering from being mentally ill.
@AC360 @DUALIPA @kenanthompson @GayleKing @LennyKravitz @JLo @LeahRemini Happy New Year! Especially to my wonderful wife.  Can't wait for 2019!!'
@Cubs I am disabled, recovering from broken hip surgery in August.  I haven't been to Wrigley for decades when I took my son when he was growing up.  Next year-or this year in a few hours-he will return the favor, I can't wait.  Go Cubbies, let's get back to and win the WS.
@RWPUSA This man is a serious danger to our country.  The Dems warned America in 2016.  However, Trump won just enough votes despite losing to HC by more than 2 million votes, he won just enough votes to win EC.
@redmichelleblue @PeteButtigieg Michelle's probably a Russian troll.  She is so sick. Go see a dr-psychiatrist-he might be able to help.
@siano2020 Biden is best choice.  Many could be vp-Harris, Beto, klobichar, booker, others.  Beating trump is absolutely vital to our country.  Biden will win pa, mich, wisc.  Other potential dem candidates, I'm not sure.
@RBReich @MalcolmNance Excellent video by a very knowledgeable economist and political analyst.  But, the trumpies are a cult who have drunk the cool-aid and unfortunately are unreachable no matter what the facts are.
@thehill Selling your soul to the devil is never absolutely worth it.  A heavy price will be paid eventually.
@funder Lindsey-Trump bromance starting to make sense.
RT @funder: Whatever you do today don’t retweet this report I wrote on our investigation in to Senator Lindsey Graham. It could get Graham…
@RudyGiuliani No Rudy you should shut up! You are long past your prime.  Your legacy as Mayor on 9/11 had been irreparably damaged. You'll be forever remembered as the "attorney " for a corrupt, criminal, and immoral president.
@TrumpRussiaTies Lindsey's a disgrace to the memory and legacy of John McCain.
@jayrosen_nyu @peterdaou @DavidMDrucker Or maybe he meant stupidity, not reading, watching tv all day, and not getting to work until noon.  But don't underestimate trump, he and the republicans will do anything to stay in power.  2020 will be the fight of our lives for our country.
@GlennKesslerWP Trump is the biggest hoax and worst president in American history.
@MeetThePress @JerryBrownGov He's so stupid.  The man doesn't read, has no knowledge or interest in history, and doesn't go down to the Oval Office until 11am-12noon.  If anyone else didn't report to work until noon, they would be fired.  Trump needs to be fired either by impeachment or by the voters.
@alfranken Sen. Franken should never have resigned.  He is missed.  I, too, hope he can make a comeback.  Good luck
@realDonaldTrump A truly happy new year will be when you are out of office and in a prison cell!
@thehill Do not underestimate this disgusting danger to our country.  Trump and the republicans will stoop to all time lows to hold onto power.  Cases in point, Georgia, Florida, Michigan and Wisconsin.  Get ready for the fight of our lives!
@Newsweek Are they the same people that voted overwhelmingly for trump.  You reap what you sew (sp?).
@CBSNews Get it Donald.  No wall, No wall!  If you want to talk about permanent solution for dreamers, call and we will talk.
@RawStory Good for CNN!
@pbump @GlennKesslerWP Does this surprise anyone?
@washingtonpost The man is a vulgar person and he is a bottomless pit of disgrace.  Does this tweet surprise me.  No, but it does sadden me.  For the sake of our country everyone must commit their entire being to the defeat of this clear and present danger to our country in 2020.
@RNicholasBurns Is the current Republican Party listening to Madison.  No!!!  They are complicit in the crimes of trump.  Party over country.  They paid for it last month in the midterms and hopefully they will dearly pay in 2020.
@RWPUSA God.  Richard I love you!!!
@matthewamiller @JoyceWhiteVance Unfortunately and to the detriment of our democracy and our. Country, senate republicans will confirm Barr.  They have been complicit in the crimes of trump.  They put party over country.
@AvalonSpringsHC @TrilogyLiving Thank you American Legion for honoring the Vets at Avalon.  Thank you Avalon for arranging this for the Vets and most importantly, thanks to all the Vets for their service in the protection of our country.
@AvalonSpringsHC @TrilogyLiving Happy Holidays to all my friends and the great physical therapists and residents at avalon springs.  If you, a member of your family needs inpatient rehab or long term care, avalon is a great facility with great staff.