America is a country full of in God believing retards. And those people are allowed to carry firearms. Good night rest of the free world.
America is a country that does believe in God just like 1950 before the moon landing. Stubborn christian insanity. How retarded.
Religious freedom - free to believe not in God. In God I don't trust. Trust nobody.
So you think socialism, oppression and dictatorship belong together? 😂
RT @washingtonpost: Cynthia Nixon writes in Opinions: "Mike Pence isn’t 'decent.' He’s insidious." https://t.co/9qfU6Ni8Xn
They can come, but legal and with good intentions.
RT @RT_com: The enemy of my enemy is my friend	https://t.co/jSa95MPOoO
@dcexaminer Do I have to dictate to you to get it understood in the right way?
@dcexaminer You mean socialist dictatorship.
RT @GloriaDePiero: Listening to this. Struck by what Tony Benn said about writing in The Sun. “I wouldn’t mind writing occasionally (for Th…
At the foundation of the United States of America the Union of republics was the most progressive for of state on the planet. Today it's just the oldest democracy.
@F1 Yeah it's just a small gap but that will be bigger in Melbourne. Mercedes loves to play with Ferrari. What matters is the difference of points in the driver and constructors championship at the end of the season.	😎😜👀🎄
@DonaldJTrumpJr What do you expect from a social media website where it's founder wants to become a Democrat?	🤔I think the Republicans are ways more progressive than Democrats. And that is good.
RT @BetterInfra: Nearly 10 percent of #American bridges are structurally deficient. American families shouldn’t be at risk every time they…
RT @haaretzcom: "This is the most shocking case I’ve ever documented" https://t.co/2GNIZO96tI
RT @RT_com: Watch Israelis hug a blindfolded Arab kid in a show of solidarity! https://t.co/gpqqIVJJiG
RT @KremlinRussia_E: The Role of Women in Developing Industrial Regions International Women’s Forum opened today in Novokuznetsk. Greetings…
Great that we're over the troop withdrawal from Iraq. ISIS will never be big again like under peacemaker Obama. The sad thing is, we're broke like a socialist country and we actually can't afford to stay there. Peace can never be defended by democratic inaction.
The problem of real social parties is that they are driven to self destruction by party spies.
RT @Independent: YouTube disables comments on videos featuring children after paedophile ring scandal https://t.co/aK06VCiz6T
What's so bad in trusting your son in law instead of some other guy? Another coup story full of hate used by election losers to get Donald Trump out of the house! And they are not even ashamed about their dirty methods! And those Democrats want to govern 330 mio. Americacans?
@RT_com Even more if you know that Pakistan once belonged to India and got separated from India by the British.
@RT_com I'm happy that the pilots survived.
@dcexaminer @AOC Did she speak with her doctor about that?
@TheNewEuropean @jeremycorbyn @theresa_may Another tour of brainwashing for the unthinking majority to get the right result in a second referendum? You have to tell everybody how bad this man for Britain is instead of doing what he wants!
@charliekirk11 They even say this all does not happen and this is not an emergency in times of caravans of refugees that come over the border.
@dcexaminer @BernieSanders Does he sleep with her?  Why is it a woman and not a man?
@dcexaminer @BernieSanders Smells like a made up story. FAKE!
@RT_com That's simple to make. Relate everything to Trump and you will see only pictures of the greatest President the United States ever had, even if you google for Kings, brave men and beasts of intelligence.
RT @Independent: HIV infection rates among Latinos soaring, according to new report https://t.co/TQxFJSfaKA
RT @jaketapper: Just learned of the passing, in October, of a great @dartmouth history professor, Ken Shewmaker. He was such a great teache…
Don't tell me they had let Hamza bin Laden walk around freely until he disappeared from the radar and turned brainwashed into a terrorist!
@MSNBC Total agree with the president. Those maneuvers to deteriorate are waste of taxpayers money.
Hamza bin Laden, the story continues. CIA bullshit.
@sethmoulton But many other deliveries!
@jonlansman You must have a completely wrong understanding what socialism actually means except brutal dictatorship and bankrupt economy.
@jeremycorbyn Lack of funding because of wasted in useless Pre-Brexit restructuring on Government level! What for an expensive political show just because of Nigel Farrage and his populism! Never again!
@AmericaSoWhaat Leave Jared ALONE! He's the best, cutest, smartest husband Ivanka can have!
@WhiteHouse Exactly. Sanctions create hate. Nobody should hate the greatest nation in the world. America does not need enemies, America needs friends all around the world.
Once I had a blackout on the school yard cuz I cratched a svastika into a an iced puddle. I was six, 1986 and sick of my life. Don't be suicidal.
Tweet below. Baaaaaaaron! Come here, Ron, sit next to me. And keep your pants on. This old, lonely faggot does not want to touch you.
RT @RT_com: 12yo charged with aggravated harassment 		https://t.co/nS51z6CfJw
America is in the 21st century still a State of God. That has to change in a country full of science, technology and and hardworking people. Nothing comes from God, not even power. It's all hard work.
As long as Democrats come along with God and stories about God's creation they are not Socialists.
The problem is, that what Democrats do is not Socialism. It is just acting good to get votes and to strive for power.
The problem of socialism is not  social security in the area of welfare and healthcare, it's the wrong economic decisions that can destroy a country. Stubborn leaders with blindness for problems are also a problem. Not only in Socialist countries.
@RepJerryNadler @WhipClyburn @HouseDemocrats This bill won't prevent more gun violence in this sick country, home of the 'church' of Scientology to do more gun violence. Completely useless. Ban Scientology.
Of course Republicans look like idiots if they have to believe what democratic intelligence tells them.
Don't tell me, AQ was the snake that should have biten and killed the socialist leader of Iraq.
@scoobiesnack0 I ignore the protesting protestants, too. May they catholic, evangelical, Jewish or Muslims or Scientologists. Just annoying on the street with a message behind the headlines.
@SpeakerPelosi Do we not have a drug crisis created by illegal drugs flooding into the country? Do we not have ongoing crime by human traffickers? This emergency is not made up. It's really happening as I tweet this. Think outside of your upperclass life as a member of the ruling society!
@NBCNews It was clearly the interrogator's fault. The head of a state can not be made responsible for everything that goes wrong.
Rummy, Rummy, Rummy. Oh no, Kissinger. Good man. Good man. It's good, man.
The Dick Cheney movie is great Mr. Ferrell. Just like somebody was reading loud 'In my time' for me.
@theresa_may Being against more terror and actions of war against the Palestinian people by the right-wing Israeli Government has nothing to do with antisemitism. Thank you @jeremycorbyn!
@TheSun Unnecessary violence has nothing to do with age. 'He's only 10!'
@GOP Free education for everyone is good and has nothing to do with socialist dictatorship. Looks like Mr Sanders is one of the real lefts in the fake left Democratic party.
@theresa_may Not Britain, not Germany have to lead the European Union, its about all countries in the Union!
@RT_com Also from a Russian SAM?
@MirrorWeirdNews Would be sad to find the body of the 'ghost' under all the rubble!
@haaretzcom But first we have to eliminate the hate and lay the foundation for a friendship that has to last forever on this planet. The times of war, terror and hate on both sides of the Israeli-Palestinian border must be finally over!
@theresa_may By doing a second referendum we could prevent that and could see a turnaround in the people's view on this topic brainwashed by Nigel Farrage's wrong populism to destroy the union and continental thinking.
@WhiteHouse You mean from the position strengthened friendship. Good job Mr. President, good job!
They cannot change the tone cuz it would kill the military budget and the friendship of the military industrial complex. Fake lefts Democrats. You're more left then they but they still call you right wing and a racist. Stubborn and dumb is not a good way of being a hardliner.
@realDonaldTrump You call him a friend, they call him an enemy. How dumb and stubborn is the Democratic Intelligence Community? In my opinion very dumb.
They did a good job poisoning my cigarettes in the supermarket again #crazychurchintown
The Ruf, the Ruf, the Ruf is in fire... 😭
The Trump Russia Investigation will drive Wolf Blitzer insane someday. But I'm earlier insane because of that.
RT @thehill: WATCH: Roseanne Barr calls Ocasio-Cortez "Farrakhan loving, bug-eyed b-tch" https://t.co/7dDaB0x8QU https://t.co/YM8YkQef1E
@BVG_Kampagne Vorbei die kuscheligen Busfahrten. 😭
@ScuderiaFerrari @F1 All 19 of the calendar of course because I would not get enough satisfaction to drive it. And maybe Valencia, Sepang and the tracks in India and Korea, too. Not to forget Istanbul Otodrom and the fast lefts. OK now I must go and join the anonymous F1 addicts. Ciao!
@MercedesAMGF1 @PET_Motorsports @F1 @LewisHamilton @ValtteriBottas @MercedesAMG @MercedesBenz Happy birthday Ferrari world champion Niki Lauda! 🎉💐❤️👍🍰🏁🇦🇹
Free wifi is too socialist. And too unsafe. Rewif me Rewif me. America's Army on BSD PlayStation sux with crazy apple blue box system Germans. And I know more than 50.
US Coastguard Ship Anthrax Scientology?
@itvnews Separating from Europe and going back to thinking as an Island is not easy especially if you worked hard 40 years to be a part of Europe.
@RepAdamSchiff You speak like those people who wanted to shoot John Fitzgerald Kennedy because he did not not democratize Cuba again.
@RepAdamSchiff The only thing that the Democratic Intelligence Community does is warmongering just like Israel against Palestinians and Lebanon. Warmongers. Fake left in the name of God.
@RepAdamSchiff The Democratic Intelligence Community? Russia is not an enemy of the United States. North Korea is becoming peaceful and the murder of Kashoggi is non of your business and an error of Saudi Arabia.
@realDonaldTrump Tell him that every one in America needs documents who they are and where they live and that they can't run around and work without paying taxes or commit crimes without leaving a record. No one should do that.
@jeremycorbyn Stay strong. You're not anti-semitic. The terror against Palestinians and Lebanese people from the Israeli side must stop. You do the right thing. The Government of Israel must finally understand that using words and not guns is the better way for peacemaking.
@ABC @TheView So they think that someone who has flown to Russia to seek friendship and partnership is automatically a SPY? And those people work for the FBI?
@NBCNews No you can't wake up somebody with gun shots. How stupid is that America? Body Cam video!
@NBCNews In Mormon Salt Lake City. OK.
@CNNPolitics Or Putin is an American defector. Both is possible and a reason for treason in both countries.
@thehill Justice Reform? In which direction? Better prosecution of socialists and friends of Russia?
@TheSun What about masturbation after drinking a whole bottle of vodka?
@realDonaldTrump Because of greedy estate managers who want to make profit from selling a piece of land. Capitalism at its best. Amtrak should build the railroad. Cheap high speed train for all Americans! All Amtrak profit to the taxpayer. And all loss sadly, too.
@SenSchumer Oh please don't tell us you are a left wing politician if you want to tell us how bad China's trade tactics are. Haifa is safe. ❤️
RT @charliekirk11: Obama and Clinton have gotten away with: 		Uranium One	Benghazi	Solyndra	Fast &amp; Furious	IRS targeting	Cash to Iran	Riggi…
@NBCNews So no more Buritos. Only fat American heart attack burgers.
@ABC @JamesAALongman The alternative rainbow hippy army who doesn't believe in God welcomes you with open arms in black and white Christian America.
@WhiteHouse Because it's infiltrated by counter revolutionaries to establish a state where God has power to help. Man I sound like someone from Moscow Communism School.
@NBCNews Nazi-attitude in America? Time and time again.
@MichaelRapaport You know why you don't have young fake 'left' I people in America? Because no one wants to die for treason to the American state of God so young. 🙏😱😇🎄®️
Europe is still full of Anti Semitics, who don't like right wing supporters of Israel like fake left Chuck Schumer.
We all should be scared probably that some of these ISIS fighters walk around free without prosecution through dirty, sick, lame unbelieving Europe. XD
RIP John. F. Kennedy 🔥
They always do it for the money.
Being a porn star is not a dream job.
Barron and Donnie I hope you will have one of the beautifulest and women this planet has ever seen. And I hope they want to spend the whole life with you. No Rainbow Six tonight. Grrr stupid me.
I guess if I would be in the West Wing, they had already impeached and hung us for treason. I got to be careful. Effin witch hunt. Crazy commonwealth.
RIP Mr. President and Mrs Rosenberg.
Ford Crossover.
I'm also in fear of CIA killers. Thank you. The coup failed, Venezuela's economy is damaged. Same with Turkey. The problem is, you can support Venezuela again as American when the socialist party has is not anymore in power. Effin witch hunt.
@GOP @realDonaldTrump So help you God. Whoever that is.
@HillaryClinton Barack Obama had 8 years of gun violence and he did not even try to talk to the NRA. Fake Socialists in the name of God!
@NBCNews I wonder how they survived all that bombing.
@dcexaminer Eradicated like Israel in the eyes of the Iranian Government?
@TheSun So sad that they didn't treat Nazis like her.
@GOP @FLOTUS Scientology Venezuela is very proud of you! All the people you inspired to die for their country as traitors!
RT @RT_com: For you history buffs out there, here’s the list of US coup attempts in Latin America:		Costa Rica 1948	Guatemala 1954	Paraguay…
@ABC Just like in America where the ruling class is rich and plays games on the back of the hardworking taxpayers.
@GOP A socialist Mafia-state?
@KaneMoffat What do you mean by hang? BTW Do you like Formula E? Electricity? Or is this Electro torture for every big tasty petrol head?
@stevefleming You want to see the German win? Why?
@JackieMutlow Essex? Sausages or Oysters?
@F1 You mean the new boy of Scuderia Ferrari. Wrong order. You're fir... Whatever. I love you.
Starving People yeah? North Korea? What is with those on food stamps at home? Are they good? And please don't let them donate to the church of Scientology.
@realDonaldTrump Has Venezuela to copy, buy or build nuclear rockets until you fly to Caracas just like Kim Jong-Un of North Korea? #WASTEDANOTHERMILLION #SMGNIGHTMARE #GOOSEBUMPS
How to deal with heart muscle problems after intoxication with Anthrax by weird scientologists.
RT @USArmyReserve: The @USArmy may soon place nutritionists, physical therapists &amp; sports trainers at the unit level to improve individual…
@derfreitag @MathildeRama Was haben Start ups mit Politik zu tun?
@dcexaminer I wanna know where he has learned that. Probably not in Moscow. 🤣
@MarioDB And the Cuban puppets are Russian puppets and the Russian puppets are.. Conservative saying with nodding from the other side of the aisle.
One nation under dirt.
RT @CNN: A Florida student was arrested for disturbance after he refused to say the Pledge of Allegiance, police say https://t.co/khCZuFNAO…
RT @jeremycorbyn: I’m very sad at the passing of my good friend Paul Flynn. He had such love for Newport, knowledge of radical South Wales…
Paul Flynn MP. I will miss his face in the House of Commons. 😭
RT @LizMcInnes_MP: So very sad to hear of the death of Paul Flynn MP. I will really miss him - his book “How to be an MP” is the definitive…
@CNBC @CNBCMakeIt @BillGates and million others could not code their ass off to make computers as we know them today as easy to use like we can today. Thank you Bill, thank you @Microsoft. Well Windows is still hard to configure and to make hacksafe.
Billy Bragg. The international song. Man I grew up in such a country. I saw everything fucked up but I never realized why. It was the invisible hand of capitalism who has fucked up this country and the hearts of the people.
Socialism must be stronger that Scientology, Christianity fucked America!
If President Petrov would have spoken in that tone to President Underwood telling him all these things... Petrov lol. You are both my dogs. Uncle Vlad and Uncle Donald. Thank you thank you. Don't let us all become hustlers for money even if we love each other like brothers.
@realDonaldTrump Democracy lives from consent but your country is not even able to decide in consent over border wall funding! Your country is still big but not great! Full of crime, murder, hate and disrespect! A three class society just like in Britain in the 19th century!
@realDonaldTrump Nothing could be better for Venezuela than a independent strong economy that does not depend on business with the oil wasting United States of America! With the crazy people of America who believe in the 21st century still in God like a little kid in Santa Claus!
@realDonaldTrump Where should they go to? To America after years of waiting for a Green Card?
@realDonaldTrump They stand for strong leadership and a government that cares about their people instead of infiltrating other countries to damage their economy because of a in their eyes wrong political system and to plunder their resources for their own  use.
@realDonaldTrump Of course they will end it. And they don't let you Americans happen it again. The USA will never again get Venezuelan Oil. Pump your own. Drive electric cars, go by fast electric trains instead of flying by plane. Save oil like water in California.
@realDonaldTrump Democracy is always good for a lame duck show and endless discussions before something really happens. 2 years for a new gun law. Ridiculous! Fake left Democrats! The Democrats is a Nazi party just like in Sweden. That is the truth!
@realDonaldTrump Socialism and prosperity can go together as long as not some hardcore Christians try to damage the economy.
Shaina Begum, even old people don't understand why other old people believe still in God with all their life experience.
@F1 @MercedesAMGF1 You tweet like they have to deliver. ❤️Mercedes victories are the best! 👌🇩🇪🇦🇹🇬🇧🇫🇮
@washingtonpost No it only shows the inability of the Democrats to solve problems quick without long discussions over months. The President makes now drug trafficking and sex trafficking harder with a hard, high wall on a criminals route!
@TheSun Lone wolf teen? I guess he was instructed by someone to do that!
@TheSun Has this police officer not learned how to disarm a man with a knife? Good example of bad work of the police! It should be never done this way! He has shot a teenager!
@NielsRuf verdammt!
@audiformulae @LucasdiGrassi What a race!
Tweet below reminds me to missed Joanna Dawidowka. Missed for 14 days. Gosh I hate Berlin!
RT @TheSun: Michael Jackson ‘sexually abused a 12-year-old GIRL who looked like a boy’ 	https://t.co/lwG0aZlwf8
@AvrilLavigne Insane💑?  As good as it gets... Helen Hunt?!!! Omg! I'm already that old?!
RT @DiamondandSilk: Police Sources: Evidence Suggests Jussie Smollett Orchestrated Attack
@WhiteHouse And Democrats like @SenSchumer speak like it would not exist. What a blind upperclass opinion on a very important topic and problem that should be finally solved!
@JeanEricVergne That crash made him look stupid like Romain or Pastor. :(. Unlucky.
Gentlemen who hold hands with Avril Lavigne are nowadays seen as new boyfriend. Stupid media. Stupid journalists.
@RepTedDeutch Why sorry?  You haven't done it.  We should be sorry for those who convinced that young man to take a knife and ruin the future of his life and the life of the people he stabbed. Crazy America with darknet, smartphones and whatsapp.
Maybe they just wanna scare me. But I don't wanna scare you. I hope your home and your family is safe from 'them'.
@AvrilLavigne top. Anthrax on my desktop. In my food, milk, everywhere. Be aware of 'Agent salt'. Drink water or milk in case they got you. So scared. On the top. Sorry for this unbelievable anthrax blabla. Clearwater...
@AvrilLavigne I don't know how they that to manipulate the charts worldwide to place your song on the top of the charts. Astonished and scared at the same time. Take care. I love you.
@SenSchumer @SpeakerPelosi The crisis does exist. We have human trafficking and drug trafficking since decades over the southern border. It is a crisis that reached the tipping point.
So let the American people help you who have voted for you and have trust in you and not the invisible power from overseas.
These Yankees in D. C. shall finally act like people who believe in the future of a free, independent America and not as people who work on a long arm for the British in God believing empire.
@AOC It is an emergency and the situation has to be solved as quickly as possible to prevent more suffering among Americans and among those who want to come to America on the illegal way over an unprotected part of the border. You should understand it.
@Jeruel19 @F1 @ScuderiaFerrari @Charles_Leclerc No I didn't know that. Thanks for telling me. 😅 So if he wins the title he will be the first champion from Monaco.
@F1 @ScuderiaFerrari It still has the ugly Williams nose instead of a copy of the slim Mercedes shark head it already had in the Schumacher era. Not good.
@F1 @ScuderiaFerrari No I'm pretty sure @Charles_Leclerc  wants to bring home a driver title for France again instead of being a Number 2 driver! 🇫🇷👍❤️😱
@politico 2020 is only one year away yes. I hope he can get a second term.
@BarackObama Nothing has changed. America is still full of people who can be fooled to do bad things. And full of guns. Still a state of the in God believing British Empire. Land of the free is a joke. Even worse with the remains of Ron L. Hubbard. Have a good day and a good life 44.👍❤️📞😌
@realDonaldTrump This high speed train should have transported people fast and clean between LA and SF for centuries instead of by dirty, air polluting planes. An expensive step backwards. The construction company should sue them.
@realDonaldTrump They should have looked at the numbers how many people travel every year between LA and SF. The high-speed train project was America's step into the future and they canceled it like a pregnancy after birth. Technology does not come for free or cheap.
@realDonaldTrump What Germany, Japan, France and even Great Britain has will America never get because of people who are are afraid to spend a big sum for future technology that works. Bad idea to abort this.
Test
@realDonaldTrump Why was that project not already stopped in the planning process? After birth abortion. Sad.
@realDonaldTrump They did it? Wow. It was probably too fast for slow America. Unbelievable.
Wtf Ben Rhodes in the SPIEGEL. And suddenly the magazine had one page less.
@realDonaldTrump And they needed two years to find that out, just to annoy the public with their accusations and impeachment just to make every voter feel to have made the wrong choice on election day. What a dirty game of these losers!
@thehill Since he's in office they shit literally every day on the lawn. So why should a dog now do what the media and the Democrats do every day? #notforcolbert
@BVG_Kampagne Zuviel Sex ist schlecht fuer die Bettwaesche!
@thefader @MichaelRapaport Which CONDITION? Stoned with white eyes or high with bloody red eyes?
@business It's 330 million hardworking Americans against 1 Billion hardworking Chinese. Who will win?
@business Some say it's fake news, some say it's democratic propaganda to support a conservative man who believes in God.
@business Alcohol? Betty Ford says yeah!
@RepGraceMeng @RepSeanMaloney @RepDWStweets @RepZoeLofgren Personal body hygiene is personal because it's up to everyone. In return, will men get shaving products payed by the taxpayer?
@RepGraceMeng @RepSeanMaloney @RepDWStweets @RepZoeLofgren What about an 'Affordable Hygiene Products Act' for every woman and not only for Representatives? Don't you get enough money as Representative?
Artificial Intelligence. So most of the spam bots are american and not russian. You should tell that to Democrats.
@MarioDB Faith? In a God that doesn't exist? You know, you can believe in Santa Claus because you see him once a year. Not so with God.
@TheSun Does that trick still work with really dirty plates?
I don't wanna live in a country where the only way to get help is in a church, a religious facility or an organization with religious background. Power to the people, but respect to the people who go with God.
I hope the attempt of a CIA-planned coup is over and Venezuela can start building up and strengthening their economy against foreign interference and sabotage.
CNN was the first TV channel that taught me how to speak english. Sadly for them now that English is now so good that I can understand nearly every word they say.
OK I gonna choose the hardtop.
Which religious country is more annoying for the free world? The USA or Iran?
RT @haaretzcom: Palestinian father and son abused by Israeli soldiers: 'They beat us up, then started dancing' https://t.co/XmtwLwTq1o
@MercedesAMGF1 @F1 @PET_Motorsports Can you revive the partnership with @McLarenF1 again next season? Please, please, please! 😭😭😭📞🙏🙏🙏❤️❤️❤️🎄🎄🎄
RT @RepChrisStewart: Happy Birthday to my favorite President, Abraham Lincoln. His leadership through our country's most trying era is what…
The Democrats. Party of Anti-Semitics. I always knew it.
Before you fight against a religious, conservative country you should fight against the conservatism in your country. Good people protect America better than God ever will! #
But Iran does not have to be the central banker of terrorism. Noone needs to die for Allah. It's the biggest community of religious people. Why should Allah die in Iran if God can't die in America? Mr. Bolton, wrong way.
@SenSchumer In Adidas! All day I dink about sax?! 😱🤔👍❤️💕💐🎂
Avoid this UKIP nightmare for fuck sake!
@CNN Your fault if you have to give speeches about global warming outside Mrs. Blue Sjy.
Ask an Afghan how much he or she needs Allah. When you have a strong leader you don't need a God.
I hope Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan don't have to be longer a playroom for mental sick intelligence advisors and military experts.
@realDonaldTrump I didn't have a white X-mas here in Germany. So I could save my shoes for worse.
@realDonaldTrump @CNN The only thing I don't believe is, that we had to watch the terror unfold to the suburbs of Baghdad until the US could send forces to save Iraq, the Kurds and Syria from this Agression of terror. And thanks to the Russians, too.
God, take good care of my son.
The GDR had a bad economy just to have something that made West-Germany more comfortable than East-Germany. 🇩🇪🇷🇺
Socialism is oppression of religion and state of God is oppression of freedom. Born free in the GDR free of religion. No church on Sundays.
RT @DailyMirror: Today's front page: Half of bus routes face the axe	#tomorrowspaperstoday https://t.co/IkOLqaLyPY https://t.co/o4KiVBhaZY
@CNN Any islands in Norway?
If it's not voter fraud or tax fraud, it's fraud with campaign money. Ridiculous never ending story.
RT @thehill: Trump campaign spent nearly $100,000 of donor money on law firm representing Kushner https://t.co/9MQ6pnpKxT https://t.co/ILyp…
How is it possible that a 35 year old cryptologic technician can be killed by a suicide attacker in Syria? I would assume she had to die. RIP Shannon Kent.
No wonder that he studied all the time. You can't play on an Apple PC. Microsoft leads the way!
Grant Thompson Apple financed stipendium at Berkeley.
Scientology has to die. Scientology has to be rooted out of the intelligence, government and its authorities. Only then would  America become healthy again. No more darknet crime, no more fooling of intelligent people in the security intelligence agencies!
I never was a kid because my parents urgent me to become a coder. Nightmares of science.
@CNBC Since when can 14 years old read code PROPERLY? Who needs these prodigies? I don't.
@ABC Yay, for more years Melania, please!
RT @TheSun: Randy couple caught romping in middle of SUPERMARKET aisle in front of boxes of ‘Friskies’ dog food https://t.co/gRHj5lYFiQ
RT @TheSun: New wonder drug that uses Trojan horse tactic to sneak into cells and kill them has treated six forms of cancer https://t.co/jj…
Randy got a limp from a McChicken today. Security! Fired!
Randy and Rusty. One is horny and the other can't no more. Iol.
@SenSchumer Thanks. That moves you a bit back to the greener middle again and far away from left socialist dictators. Told ya, your party is fake left for votes and only spying out real left-social thinking people.
@DiamondandSilk @CNN It's like for them that it's the President's fault that the US have an outdated immigration system. We had a lot of Democratic Presidents and noone changed the law. This one is going to change it and supporting it with a border wall. Thanks Diamond and Silk!
Justin Bieber on Instagram. Selena is cuter than his new wife. I say. I'm sorry. Bird abuse.
@DiamondandSilk They do everything to gain more votes for their lame duck politics. They needed two years to enact a new gun law and in the end people still get killed by guns and nothing has changed in America.
@realDonaldTrump You were a great candidate and now you're a hardworking President changing the country to the better! I hope the free people of America will give you the chance to go ahead with the work in a second term with their votes!
@GOP Caring about the environment is not action of socialists. They just jumped on the organic, alternative train behind their real conservative body. Just an act to gain more votes for God's Party.
RT @BarackObama: We lost two great Americans today – Frank Robinson and John Dingell – citizens who inspired me and so many others by leadi…
What a lousy make up to promote women with guns. Bye NRA. Be a friend of hunters but not a friend of the American society. Cuomo.
I didn't know that America is so oversexed that you have to expect rapists in gun free zones. But sad to hear that Americas civilization is so armed up that you need gun free zones. It has to change.
@AvrilLavigne Great Avril, just great! ❤️👌👍🌷🙏🍀🍁💕
@GOP @newtgingrich A social democratic republic is still possible. It does not has to be a socialist dictatorship.
@AvrilLavigne Great how you put all the emotions and memories in the songs. Thank you. Don't wanna molest you further with more words. Can't wait to listen to it for free on Spotify, however you get your money from that company. Loooooooooooooooove you. security!
From a Russian Spy to a tax cheater. 🤔
Violation of privacy.
Sue them Jeff.
@AOC A democratic job killer. As we got used to know the Democratic Party. Swinging the hammer to destroy jobs instead of producing something useful.
@StateDept Saving human life's and again American oil on American soil? Dare you.
How long do you want to conserve this God that doesn't exist like Santa Claus for you and your children?
Some day America will be a social, democratic country. I hope in this century.
It's like America is still governed by British religious hardliners instead of free Americans. America, land of the free, free people free of religion. Free to choose, still with respect to believers, if you believe in God or not.
@GOP please get rid of God from the American Government and its institutions. It has to be. We're in the 21st century and America should be, too. The American State of God has to go and the American Union of Republics ha to appear stronger than ever. It is ridiculous.
@SpeakerPelosi God's creation? Just another prove how conservative you are.
Being Anti to socialists is not left. I don't wanna know how many in the Democratic Intelligence Community want Maduro out of office. Probably all of them. @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems There is no left party in America!
God's creation. And those words in the 21st century. Fake left attitude to occupy a political view in the name of God. God does not exist.
@GOP I hate their fake left attitude just for votes.
Atleast we know the colour of the witch: blue.
Don't tell me I'm guessing right.
I guess Venezuela is broke because American investors have withdrawn from business since the takeover of the socialist party. Same with Turkey. Shame on you, America! Stay where you are!
@ABC Two blue containers left and right and a red tanker in the middle. Analyze this if you have balls.
Hacking is illegal. Like buying weed in a coffees hop named after the echo ping port. Thanks McAfee for protecting me like a bodyguard.
Why was Nancy Pelosi giving applause like a mutant?
Kai Korthals oder Fritz Honka?
ISIS is gone, Al Qaeda is back. Al Qeada, translated 'The leaders'. Afghanistans Government, CIA marionette or not, must speak stronger than AQ and the military, too. Leave no one behind. The people have to know, who are their leaders!
RT @CNNPolitics: US officials say a new al Qaeda leader video shows that the terror group is still a threat https://t.co/fygun4PPhl https:/…
RT @ABC: The tombstone of Karl Marx has been damaged in a hammer attack, custodians of a London cemetery say. https://t.co/ZaUWLPcLih https…
RT @DailyMirror: Woman becomes first Brit to fall ill after taking 'world's deadliest drug' https://t.co/T7DFeO89uy https://t.co/NAzVpxRICZ
@realDonaldTrump He can't stop fighting to get you out of the White House just to replace you with another lame duck President who probably would change everything to the worst in disguise of a social left politician! A democratic hardliner fighting for votes instead of bringing the country frwd.
So Emmett Brown is Albert Einstein.
I love you Mr. President. And I won't molest your family again. I can't swear on it because I don't believe in God. I'm stupid, sorry Mr. Blue bridge.
@SenSchumer Which line?
Has become.
Well I hope God won't be anymore in America when America became social. Albert Einstein immigrated to the USA 1940 and became an American citizen as jewish man wo didn't want to believe in God.
At least you can be openly gay in America without being stoned to death in public. Or not. Wouldn't recommend it to live on the gay side of life. Gay in a cocksuck way, of course.
God bless America in the 21thst century when other people have given up already believing in God. #crackercracked #jailrecovered👍
A higher population on this planet is not the reason for global warming.
The state of Kurdistan has to be established. In this decade. There shall not be anything anymore that could provocate a war and killing of innocent people. Not even the crazy church and their infiltration of Security Intelligence Agencies should stop us.
So much about the Golden 7 and its dopedealer.
How I hate this Kurdish kid.
Scientologists never call the cops.
Jenny Genocide from Turkey is the best player on Battlefield.
Ping of Death is not a Government Shutdown. It is a hacker tool. Computer science is good for hate crime.
@SenSchumer So will the @GOP. The other side of the aisle can fight and is already fighting. And at the moment we fight for a secure border while you still fight to get President Trump out of the house instead of helping us.
RT @NBCNews: A four-year-old boy shot his pregnant mother in the face in Seattle after finding a gun under a mattress, authorities said. ht…
RT @BillGates: Nandan Nilekani is one of India's leading technology entrepreneurs. He and I are both optimistic about the potential of secu…
RT @TheSun: Young boy dies after being severely punished with 44-pound logs 'for not knowing Bible verses' https://t.co/611xc9mMvX
Their should be a left wing in the GOP to show these fake left Democrats what being left mean. And I hope there will be one someday without suspicion of Russian espionage activity by Democrats.
Real left socialists can see the problems of the underclass. @SpeakerPelosi and @SenSchumer can't. I'm sorry but I have to call you fake left.
@GOP @SpeakerPelosi This! Is what the wall is all about!
@dcexaminer @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerPelosi Agree with every word. She has to open her eyes more wider to see not only the hardworking, clean America she likes to talk about but also the underclass struggling in the dirt!
Got a poisoned Big Tasty at McDonald's Berlin Central Station full of Anthrax which was protected by a Muslim and a 7 feet German security guy today. Well, who cares?
@MichaelRapaport And please without any headache because of Creutzfeld Jacob here in Germany! Thank you!
@WashTimes @JussieSmollett Tupac? Oh please, don't get shot! 😭
Thank you CBS for this great, exciting evening!
@Pontifex I pray for all of you!
@TPointUK How shall we call you fighters against socialism? ANTISOCIALISTS?
If Jeremy Corbyn would be an American politician then the media had found already Russian ties I guess.
RT @jeremycorbyn: The future of Venezuela is a matter for Venezuelans. @Jeremy_Hunt's call for more sanctions on Venezuela is wrong. We opp…
How do you call those people who don't like atheist and socialists in America?
Racists don't create jobs for black and latin people. What the president did wasn't the work of a racist.
Other people make excuses for wearing Klu-Klux-Klan clothes and someone else comes up and calls the president a racist. Losers. Unfair democratic losers who are jealous about every point of an maybe increasing approval rating.
No Sherrod Brown, he is a golfer and not a racer.
Total happy about every insta message by Tristan. 🌷🍀🍁
@AOC Said someone who grew up on an island without sex trafficking and drug trafficking. You are too blind to see the problem. You should become sexual exploited and drug addicted to understand what the fight is all about. Don't just repeat what they tell you to believe.
Late term abortion with anthrax isn't a good idea. I am the best example. Thanks Democrats, I hate myself,  too. You don't need to pray for me.
@KayaJones Yeah. One nation united and not separated by color or partisanship. I guess he said it because of being united and not believing in a God.
Ja lublu Rassija.
I am east German and was sick of Russians because of the Iron curtain that protected hardworking east Germans from the dirty west. My mother's father was a teacher for Russian. I haven't learned a word  from him.
@CNN Right in this moment Caroline?
Russian agents can speak better english than Americans. Caroline Kelly. I love her.
I am not Abraham Lincoln. Fuck this Gorlitzer Park. And I am not the soldier who has to fight a church and its Army of hopeless millions.
The great nation USA imports oil also from Venezuela. It is always the God damned oil business.
@NicolasMaduro I hope the coup will fail, whoever has planned it!
RT @USArmy: Even the former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff needs help every now and then.		#ICYMI This #woundedwarrior helped retire…
@realDonaldTrump Of course Schumer as Jew has a good interest to tell the world how mean and dangerous Iranian people are. Just like they want Russia and North Korea on a list of enemies! This should change!
@realDonaldTrump I hope the new President of Mexico can bring change to the good to make life as safe as it should be overall in the free world! Mexico has not deserved to be the dirty backyard of the United States of America!
I hope, like all socialists, that the coup in Venezuela will fail and the socialist party will stay ain power!
@AOC It's change to the worse and always will be only to keep the American state of God alive. Wealth for everyone!
@c_lindner Das haette ich von einem AfD-Politiker erwartet, aber nicht von Ihnen als Fuehrer und Sprecher einer 5%-Partei. Die CIA hat ja schoen immer Nazis is a unterstuetzt...
Yeah the Venezuelan people really need the freedom to spend their money for a God that doesn't exist and a useless church. It's like a test if the CIA still can do it. Show-Coup.
@realDonaldTrump You mean another CIA-controlled coup, or better, 'impeachment'? 😏❤️
@MichaelRapaport Michael! Have some respect to these kind of people who have to behave every day like stucked up rich people, even they are only not even hardworking American middle class !
@AOC @AP At least you can afford an iPhone now. So jealous me.
@AOC @AP Then why didn't you decide to get rich first instead of going into politics if your family was so poor?
Yeah. Nazis like Chuck Schumer have National Interests. Fake left-wing right-wing jew! What a shame for Israel you are!
RT @washingtonpost: Morton Sobell, convicted in Rosenberg atomic bomb spy trial, dies at 101 https://t.co/rNUvvJKdDT
RT @RT_com: WARNING: GRAPHIC! #LAPD is looking for a man caught on video punching 2 women in downtown #LA 	Courtesy: LAPD @LAPDHQ https://t…
That's cute. Tweet below.
RT @thehill: Sarah Sanders: God "wanted Donald Trump to become president" https://t.co/YeZaJhn9vx https://t.co/obqhICA9ga
@washingtonpost It's probably too early for the American upperclass to change to electric powered cars.
And please don't tell us that it's national socialism if we care about America first after 18 years of war with a $ 22 trillion deficit! It's logical thinking!
@BarackObama @NancyPelosi @ChuckSchumer Yeah the Democrats are too far left. Too far left and too bad in being real socialists. They are fake left in the name of God, they hate Russia, something that socialists don't do.
@StephenAtHome Me. And if you have ever thought that, you should be in a mental facility bu not as it's manager. #blackcoffeewithfefeplease #fentanyl
@TheSun As Detective I would check her whatsapp first.
@evant I'm sorry for molesting you but please take care of Avril, if you can! Keep her protected! I don't want her ending up with the scooby doo witch!
@EvanT Ever played video games with German right wing milfs in the InterNetz pretending to be 8 year old boys? I can smell a German Nazi-Feds conspiracy every day clearer!
@AvrilLavigne Are this all chatbots who make comments under your insta pics programmed by the crazy lady who lives in the apartment below me? Please take good care Avril, that woman scares me so much! She's crazy.
It's #makeyourwish day for me. I hope it wasn't my last one.
And like always, the fat Feds don't care. No sic fuck of the week.
Don't come to me. Berlin is the most dangerous city full of cannibals. Real cannibals. So real that I don't like to eat Kebap anymore. No flesh from the cutter, in German 'Fleischwolf'.
The retweet below is a nightmare for the German beer and pharmaceutical industry. Lame, dumb German politicians. I. Hate. GERMANY.
RT @RT_com: Boy’s school behavior did improve after marijuana-laced cookies - father https://t.co/iHhxrRiL8g
RT @BBCNews: Apple iPhone sales in 'disappointing' fall https://t.co/TuK08BhxEf
Yeah when you're depressed that you got no easy cleanable Xbox, BBC comes up with decreased sales  numbers of iPhones. #TraitorinaRenault
@Caspar_Lee Army song best love song.
I guess they are damaged forever if holy America becomes a country of Unbelievers.
RT @Scientology: WATCH 40 religious scholars, clergy, government representatives and dignitaries talk about the Church of Scientology https…
I guess in this modern America there is so much better than wasting time on studying the bible.
@haaretzcom Peace plans are always bad for those who want high military budgets instead of high budgets for education, social security and health care. If that is the case, then he is very dangerous, yes. And very welcome by those who want finally eternal peace in the Middle East!
@NBCNews Yeah but don't try this with weed from public parks in Berlin, Germany, where African refugees can sell carcinogenic weed protected by German federals! And don't even report about this scandal or tell the German fake news media!
@TheSun Clearly no taste for good spaghetti!
More left people on Twitter and it will be blocked like in Iran. #radicalbehaviour
@CillizzaCNN It's more like medical Marijuana in case you want to heal people instead of killing them. Good try, good try really!
RT @RepJerryNadler: The Holocaust showed that a society that tolerates antisemitism is susceptible to other forms of racism, hatred, and op…
#we remember that Mercedes is a company founded by a man with jewish religion. Wrong choice of font Mr. Hidden message.
Send God to the hell where warfare with God has brought us. #18Yearsoffighting
Being left should be conserved, not being christian insane in the 21st century! Put the people over God, not God over the people!
The political middle is on the left, not on the right side!
Being left is the new CONSERVATISM! And as we all know, the @GOP is full of Conservative People! A left wing for the GOP! Thanks, ❤️!
@CNN Everybody should have a big company with 100.000 employees.
Ginni Thomas is just one of the right-wings guys who want to see the Republican Party in the opposition. And completely full only with white men. What an idiot.
Never heard of Ginni Thomas. And never ever will again hopefully.
Tweeting is not hard work.
I work for free. https://t.co/uqgUL0fWAP
Food Stamper. Doug Food-Stamper. I just noticed that I work for free.
Is the Louisiana shooter a proud NRA-member?
RT @CBSNews: JUST IN: Gunman kills 5, including parents, in Louisiana shooting spree, police say	https://t.co/062UmpNiI4 https://t.co/6265C…
@TheSun Computer says no.
@TheSun Do I want to be in contact with my ex?
Probably always in the party of the winners.
Michael Bloomberg knows what an X is but he doesn't know in which party he wants to be.
Don't tell me that Bloomberg is richer than the President and that he has spent more time with being a politician than Donald.
The difference between a soldier and a politician is that a soldier really has to kill and a politician has only to act like a good politician.
Angela Rayner is the clear proof that my Angie, who has no clue about that horrible American 'church', gets xrayed unwanted like me.
Useless Clearence Clearwater Revival with many heartless and braindead people.
I'm a loser baby, so why don't you Robert Habeck heck my Twitter Account.
Long time ago politics was about making everything more social, peaceful and respectful. Nowadays it's only about acting like that.
Politics is about people in expensive clothes, expensive cars and expensive offices where they act like hardworking business people but actually they do nothing than talking weird shit.
Now where Maduro is gone, the crazy Germans want to tell me how important it is that the Venezuelan people can decide about their future. And not crazy politicians. Crazy.
Isma is not Asma and no order to eat finally lunch. No cannibal kebap from German Nazi pedophiles for me please!
@TheSun Is she a relative of Michael Linuxton?
Food stamps. 1970 a good idea.
Son of a... Bryan Cranston. Who needs food stamps?  Drug addicts only. Normal people need money. Thank you Donald. Let's get rid of these underclass food stamps.
Snap election. To avoid Brexit or to test how conservative Britain still is?
Colbert was better on Comedy central. Must be CBS then.
That's my chancellor with a real socialist next to her. No sign of blushing red while talking. https://t.co/iWobS1CDkA
@JohnnyMercerUK Bye Conservatives. Have fun with the conservation of your Island.
@NBCNews And all women? A hustler on a killing spree?
RT @FRANCE24: In #Saada, the northern #Yemeni stronghold of the Houthi rebels, @FRANCE24 found civilians, especially children, paying the p…
Of course it's 'Death to Israel'  in Iran even more, if Israel is social red and not holy-kosher blue with Nazi-attitude. It has to end. Love is red, hate is blue. The hating has to go, with all respect for Allah/God.
Jared is probably a hardworking man and I'm only a video game playing mutant living in a smelly 3 rd world apartment jerking off to gayporn if not playing like stupid.
I guess me and Donald are more in love with Jared than Ivanka. I hope he stays in politics.
Oh gosh they are still bombing.
RT @IDF: We have started striking Iranian Quds targets in Syrian territory. We warn the Syrian Armed Forces against attempting to harm Isra…
RT @BBCWorld: Mali: Ten UN peacekeepers killed in 'jihadist' attack https://t.co/ElZugc5vFQ
RT @haaretzcom: "He got two bullets because he’s Ethiopian"		https://t.co/n7FtXddHAm
@EricTrump @realDonaldTrump Even harder to believe for the Democrats! 😜
No matter how many times a U.S. President has invited the Russian President, no matter if we shared a space station with the Russian or if they still help NASA with rocket starts, the media always tries to tell us Russia is an enemy. This has to end.
@realDonaldTrump They are probably sad about it that North Korea as communistic country can't be named no longer as an enemy to the USA just like they always want to do it with Russia.
@realDonaldTrump Same with this Indian Leader. These people live in another world where human trafficking, a drug epidemic and No-Go areas don't exist. They are just living blind in their middle-class world!
@Simon4NDorset Why?  Are you afraid that now everybody knows what's at stake?
I bet Neil Armstrong hasn't met God on the way to the moon.
Why do they pray on a begin of a House Session. It's a House of the People and not a House of God. How long has God to help Representatives and Senators?
@AvrilLavigne I love you. 💗❤️💋💕💖💞
RT @CNN: Former President George W. Bush gets pizza for his Secret Service detail, calling for federal lawmakers to "put politics aside" an…
Sic f of the week.
Ben Shapiro should have died in a bombnight in Berlin 1945. Just like all good nazies.
Nationalists don't make a nation great. Unity despite diversity makes a nation great. America is too colorful that it can pushed by the color white into the gutter.
Baby Hitler. America needs vetting.
Baby Hitler is probably good at baby language Basic.
@bully4me16 Thanks for having a total useless conversation on Twitter with me.
@Heidimoconnor Still peanuts compared to what America has given to the Afghan people in money over the last 18 years. And AQ is still brainwashing the Taliban.
@GOP @realDonaldTrump Selfie meeting with Obama? 🤔
@bully4me16 Tell me more about your dates. I thanks.
@bully4me16 do you know any polish PEOPLE?
@Heidimoconnor Who is who and who should give in?
@SenSchumer @realDonaldTrump Agree to the sum. End the shutdown. Let's finish the wall, end the shutdown and get this off the President's desk. Please!
I'm so happy that my list of callers isn't full of drug dealer and undercover spy agents. I hope it stays that way.
And I'm feeling good.
I hope Jeremy Corbyn is still alive in 2022.🙏🇬🇧😭
Rebuilding Britain does not work as long as the Tory hammer is in power! 🔨🇬🇧
Pawel Adamowicz was a strong voice for LGBT supporters in catholic Poland. Poland is now the worst place in the world. 😢 Poor holy Poland. Homeland of Pope John Paul II. They loved him so much in the Cold War era.
RT @GOP: “Democrats have to be willing to do something. So far, they have been willing to do nothing but obstruct.” -@PressSec https://t.co…
RT @ChrisVanHollen: Mr. President, we’re asking you to meet with the federal employees who are working without pay or furloughed because of…
RT @BBCWorld: Second Canadian national feared kidnapped in Burkina Faso https://t.co/BtZauCXOL6
@WarrenDavidson Jack Dorset is a capitalist? Thank Warren! 🤣❤️
@WarrenDavidson Clever people, who got rich through clever inventions, are not always capitalists like Warren Buffet.
@Caspar_Lee I don't watch horror or violent porn. Vaccination horror.
@jeremycorbyn Good luck next time  when her tenure is really over. So sad. Keep fighting. Thank you.
I really thought Britain would get a new Prime Minister. So sad for Jeremy! 😟
Too early to write her memoirs.
@trussliz @michaelgove Sebastian loves this.
@Caspar_Lee Was? Now she's just one of the cuties? #BillyMonger
If this goes on like that, Theresa can  start writing her memoirs.
RT @jeremycorbyn: This government has failed our country. #PMQs https://t.co/ZcY39mdAFp
@haaretzcom But IS is not only the enemy of the US!  It is the enemy of Iraq, Syria and Turkey, too!
@haaretzcom He thinks Trump is one of them because he is white and rich? And we shall think that, too?
We don't need an assassination of a President. I hope you can stop every attempt by unpaid federal workers. The only problem is, these unfair politicians in Washingron won't run out of money so fast like our federal workers.
@realDonaldTrump Now she threatens to kill you because of unpaid Secret Service Agents. Please protect this man! ❤️🙏😎
RT @KremlinRussia_E: On January 17, Vladimir Putin will pay an official visit to Serbia https://t.co/NU1opUckUQ
I'm so sorry for ignoring the press conference streamed live on YouTube Sergey. They would have quick more reasons to poison me if I had watched it.
@RashidaTlaib You should not support Hamas/Hezbollah. But you know that not all Israelis are right-wing Jews? And probably not all of them believe in God/Allah. You should know it. Have a great day. ❤️
RT @FinancialTimes: Senator Kirsten Gillibrand has become the latest Democrat to announce an intention to join the 2020 race for the presid…
RT @haaretzcom: Opinion: Tamika Mallory and Jeremy Corbyn Have the Same Problem With Jews	https://t.co/nS7x8vSwY8
RT @TheSun: American company boss killed in Nairobi terror rampage was a 9/11 survivor https://t.co/biPsUAwlwD
RT @NBCNews: BREAKING: Suicide bomber in a market in the Syrian city of Manbij has hit coalition forces, including Americans, and civilians…
RT @Independent: The new Spider-Man film is set in Europe and people are convinced it's about Brexit https://t.co/u25Iq0SQRZ
@haaretzcom Proud homophobe? Who wants to be gay instead of having a family with kids?
And again the lie that Labour has no clue about Economy.
Jeremy Corbyn for Prime Minister!
RT @haaretzcom: Even Turkey, whose president in 2012 famously vowed to pray at Omayyad Mosque in Damascus after Assad’s ouster, has signale…
RT @GMB_union: It's time for a general election 👇🗳️ #BrexitVote https://t.co/Sc7gQc6nwX
@AngelaRayner @DavidCrausby The swing of the tory hammer to scrap everything that Labour has build up has to come to an end by a General Election!
RT @AngelaRayner: It appears the PM has not learned a thing from last nights historic defeat, instead she continues to carry on using the s…
@JoStevensLabour Stubborn and ignorant as the PM is into a General Election!
RT @UKLabour: Last night’s Brexit defeat was the largest of any government in British history. The scale of the defeat is completely unprec…
@UKLabour @Eleanor_SmithMP Go for it! I hope you win this time, without any headlines of an assumed interference by Russian hackers regarding a possible win for your party!
@justinmadders Exactly. Looks like we need an election.
What German sm-experts think when they read the word Europe..
@MrsMThatcher @RebeccaHarrisMP The freedom to live in a united Europe?
RT @CNN: 5 things for Wednesday:		- Brexit	- William Barr	- Kenya hotel attack	- 'El Chapo' trial	- Government shutdown		https://t.co/UuiCb…
@Avilage_2018 Can you speak Russian like all well educated EASTGERMANS?
@Avilage_2018 What?  Your head?
RT @KeithBrownSNP: Stephen Kerr says, incredibly, that MPs who voted against the wishes of their constituents will not be able to look thei…
If they ever had a family or friends.
@CNN I guess these people will be missed by their families and friends.
RT @CNN: Last year was the hottest for the planet's oceans since global records began in 1958. The top five years of ocean heat have come i…
@CNN I like this graphic. It looks like a rainbow all over the planet.
Chris Hughes brother works in a nuclear power plant very close to Camp X-ray on Cuba. News you don't wanna hear about.
RT @TheSun: Chris Hughes brother Ben opens up about his cancer diagnosis on This Morning https://t.co/EWL9u5k8yc
Yo Burger King America, I hope I don't die on Creutzfeld-Jacob if I eat regularly a big tasty Whopper! PS. I'm loving it!
@Independent Would it have been any better if she had said that she hates all 7 world religions instead of naming a specific one?
Al Shaabab is back in the headlines. I hope they also don't have to sell crappy weed here in Berlin in The Park backed by German Authorities. It's now the turn of the intelligence community again to show how intelligent they are.
RT @TheSun: British man and American woman among 14 killed in Kenya hotel rampage https://t.co/7kjB7izUMh
So it's clear. Someone at The Sun doesn't like me or shouldn't like The sun.
RT @CNN: On Tuesday, Dartmouth responded for the first time to a complaint filed in November by current and former graduate students who al…
@CNN I didn't know that there is a certain age for #metoo!
@TheSun She can drive a car but isn't allowed to have their own phone?
Probably he's having dinner all day. I Whatever that means in German. Grab her by the burgers!
Naked attraction on channel 4. Wtf The Sun.
@realDonaldTrump Please tweet Mr. President.
Sorry, I didn't know that I am Jason 'Spy' Bourne. If I had known that I would had started with bodybuilding and earlier. You all think I am Russian because of my inability to believe in God.
Otherwise I don't know who had AQ selling hash to me. It's a trap. 17 years into American bankruptcy. All I wanted to BECOME was being an accountant with a certificate for SAP R/3 FM. Thank you Germany!
I'm pretty sure german undercover agents with agents have killed 41. And I know what I'm talking about. Anthrax at home on the keyboard and also in the Library, the one with the windows 2008 server system.
Jerking off to Barron Trump ❤️in expectation of the American death penalty. No global warming, please.
@EvanT More promotional tweets please. This is not spam or automized generated by a Russian animal. I Cofefe.
@EvanT I guess xtube was not invented by a married man. By the way, the where is the son I never came to raise?
I. Hate. Germany.
I guess my mobile phone would crash every airplane, even in airplane mode. Total shutdown needed. So much about 100$ for an idol5. Thanks German poisoning authorities!
RT @AdamowiczPawel: Paweł Adamowicz 1965-2019 https://t.co/bGhHj8LwFf
@RepMaxineWaters Maxine, how unfair would it be for you if the whole Republican party tells you to go home? ❤️ Much love, Sebastian
@CNN This planet should be full of great countries.
@CNN Having a good friendship does not mean automatically that you work for this country. Saying that Russia is a great country does not make you automatically a Russian Spy.
@TheSun It looks like a famous Austrian Energy drink.
RT @ABC: "If this shutdown does not stop, we are going to have fatalities. We're going to have suicides."		Veterans groups sound alarm over…
@TheSun No Gran Turismo tattoo for me! 👆👍🖐️👊
@AvrilLavigne Are you in Berlin? Ive seen a lookalike today. It's so crazy, I'm so crazy. I'm sorry. Stay safe. Love you. Take care.
Colleratal damage for headlines all around for decades. The media must find another way to raise their profit!
RT @jeremycorbyn: We need a new government. https://t.co/cVE6wT0iJA
@c_lindner Es war schoen jemandem zuzuhoeren, der weiss was er will! #Radioeins
@realDonaldTrump It only has one aim: to get this Republican President out of the HOUSE! Stay strong, and we fight BACK!
Do you want to tell me that all the British people who have worked hard for a membership in the European Union are traitors and spies? You're ridiculous!
Nigel Farrage should stop brainwashing people for a Brexit and stop destroying the dream of a European Union. Britain belongs to the Continent. He has to understand it.
They sprayed gas, they poisoned me and I don't know who it was. If they gas people in Syria, they know who it was.
@MichelleObama I will never ever read your book. "Becoming" a non-smoker. "Becoming" a God-Believer. "Becoming" a cancer patient? whatever it is about I will be so dumb not to waste my time in reading it, I'm sorry. Maybe your husbands book. Some day.
@BarackObama @MichelleObama "When they go low we go high" When my nicotin level goes down, they turn up the radiation on the x-ray machine. Somebody like you can't be left. Real "Left-Wing" people don't believe in God. Thanks. Bye.
And it all started with 11 Sharpshooters on roofs in Damascus.
@SecPompeo Your speech in Kairo is of course full of religion. I respect your believing in God and all 7 religions. But it was unfair to remind us that Bashir Assad killed people because he threw bombs on civilians. Rebels created chaos 2011. He only defended his country.
But the Americans should not give up Afghanistan. Never again terror from Afghanistan. Never again.
Why is Reuters tweeting a picture of the Eccles Building? Mad. Could freak out. 17 Years in Afghanistan. America is broke. This is so sad. It was a trap. It is a trap. What they are doing with this great country. Drugs, guns and violence. This shall be a great nation?
RT @Reuters: U.S. Fed buys no mortgage bonds, sells none https://t.co/Im1Ex8RGxz https://t.co/JNUTSLKSse
Food Stamp Funding. Who needs Food Stamps? Drug addicts are the only persons who need Food Stamps. I think receivers of Food Stamps need real money and want to decide by them self what groceries they buy and where they buy groceries.
@business I thought this is the place where he actually wanted to speak about border security. It was long ago planned. There is no need to sell this as immediate reaction to collapsed talks.
@RyanMurphyTube  I'm sorry Ryan, I can't let you be my follower because I suspect a hacker and/or cyberstalker behind every follower. Bye.
@Joyhope98242718 No thanks. I'm not interested in talking with you. I'm sorry.❤️
@Joyhope98242718 well and I hope you don't need a kind listening device.
@Joyhope98242718 Is that a telephone number behind your name?
@Joyhope98242718 Thanks for following me but I suspect a hacker behind every follow. I'm sorry.
@SandraFluker1 please.
@SandraFluker1 don't nerve Sebastian. Or Paul. Or whatever my name is.
@NBCNews I hope that doesn't mean that we all have to die on cancer.
@SandraFluker1 I suspect you of being a hacker or a victim of a hacker. that is the meaning.
@ScuderiaFerrari 👍✌️👆🖐️
@MirrorWeirdNews Can it make me call Jeff Bezon?
@SandraFluker1 Would you please not follow me? Only hackers follow me and I hate it.
Please agree, I'm pretty sure that the people and voters know who had the idea for a border wall. Mr. President Trump and the Republican Party don't want to steal ideas and votes from your party! The applause for making America safe is yours!
@SpeakerPelosi You should really see that the border wall is an urgent problem that has to be solved with a bipartisan solution. You should tell this to the other members of your party. It needs to be off the desk. There is more than a border wall.
@yaakovkatz Don't worry Yaakov! They all talk bipartisan in the Congress about strong support for Israel! Don't worry! America is always Israels Ally!
@TwitterSupport Is it junkspam if I report people as hacked who follow me? Because it seems like for me interesting but molested and intimidated person, that only hackers or hacked people follow me!
@ShinobiNinja Hey Shinobi, do you know Daniela "Cutobi" Arndt?
@AvalosJohnE1 Please, stop following me! And in case it is not you, stop hacking other people's twitter account!
@PattiSmolarek stop following me!
@AvalosJohnE1 followed me and has probably a hacked account in case it was not created by a hacker.
@ElizabethMatfin to who you tweeting to? to me or to mckinney?
@mosabbir followed me and has probably a hacked account in case it was not created by a hacker.
@brandongroeny followed me and has probably a hacked account in case it was not created by a hacker.
@harley_rude followed me and has probably a hacked account in case it was not created by a hacker.
@RepDonBeyer I guess there are more victims because of a not existing, proper functioning border wall than the Federal state workers who don't receive paychecks! Come together and agree to a border wall and these Federal Workers don't have to suffer any longer under this Shutdown
@RepKevinBrady Thank you. I guess they had known the price, if they would be in power! They want all the applause and votes for the next election for them and only for them! But I guess you know that!
@RepChrisPappas And you think blocking border wall funding is governing? It is playing games on the back of the American people!
@RepJoeNeguse It was based on the disapproval of a border wall from your Democrats. If you Democrats had agreed long time ago, the Government would not be shut down and the President had not spoken yesterday.
@RepMarkTakano But you will deport people who came illegal to your country. And people shall not come illegal, so you don't have to deport them. Get it, America needs a wall!
@ravichahar27 followed me and has probably a hacked account in case it was not created by a hacker.
It should now be up to the homelands of the Drug Cartels to deal with these criminals! Not anymore up to the American Taxpayer to fight these crimes!
@SenCoonsOffice The border wall isn't as ineffective as covert Operations of the State Department inside Drug Cartels. The wall is much cheaper than all Operations together the State Department had run the last decades.
So what can stop the flow of meth and cocaine into the US except an expensive wall and expensive covert Operations of the State Department? The wall is a best way if you don't want to spend money on Operations and waste human lives in KIAs of Operatives.
@BryanMicheal12 followed me and has probably a hacked account in case it was not created by a hacker.
@RevoltPolitic followed me and has probably a hacked account in case it is not created by a hacker.
@RepKatieHill The President wants a bipartisan agreement to the border wall. That's all what he wants. If the Demns don't come to the table to negotiate it and want to use this border wall as bargain in a political game then you can't expect him to lift the Government Shutdown. It's that easy!
@mckinneytweets @KarlTurnerMP Maybe you should work to make the laws regarding wealth fare better just to make sure that unemployed people still can afford food and a home instead of criticizing the Government from decades ago for austerity politics.
@ClaraBr71554598 followed me and has probably a hacked account in case it is not created by a hacker.
I've got hacked by Agents of German Authorities for years and they got backed in every case. Even in the poisoning of the groceries I buy. When will this finally stop? When will the German #Witchhunt come here to an end? After my death only?
That only shows that securing an IT-Infrastructure is more than using an Antivirus Program and updating the Operating System regularly.
A Twitter hack has leaked hundreds of telephone numbers of German Representatives and Politicians. I wonder why they this time don't blame @Twitter and @Jack Dorsey, just like they blamed @Facebook and Mark Zuckerberg.
@NadineDorries Then why you even vote?
@Norrie30 @PeterGrantMP You should tell that to the callers of Nigel Farrage, if he does a call in in his Radio Show!
Must be a Russian hacker. Of course not! #WitchHunt
@Twitter Well I wont receive calls like the Politicians because my Hacker, who is terrorizing me for years, would like to stay 'anda cover' how they say in German without any Voice encryption and spanish-jiddish speaking!
@Twitter Probably you don't even care that all the people who are following me have hacked accounts. Warning: Before you suspect me it wasn't me.
I hope you strongly work on privacy now before they have to invite @jack to Capitol Hill to give some statements how it was possible that a 19 year old hacker could gain telephonenumbers of German Bundestag Representatives! How Embarressing!
@Twitter Atleast I know now how all the telephone numbers of the German Politicians could get revealed to the public! Thank you, Twitter! And thank you for suspending my other account PaulTeske@SebbieKlemm!
@realDonaldTrump Great! my other twitter account PaulTeske@SebbieKlemm got suspended because of automatized tweet behavior! Probably that happens if I have to repeat over and over again how important Border Security is!