@KamalaHarris This is a irresponsible, partial use of facts to make a political statement. Please comment if the average tax PAID is up or down... Refunds are only 1 part of the equation.
@SenatorLankford this is why Washington can’t solve anything... both parties talk about “negotiating” with each other like they are separate entities. All are American, and should be American first. Companies don’t negotiate internally, they work together to solve problems
Can any politician tell the world exactly what was voted on the last 4 days? My goodness, each one of them is so vague on Twitter that no American can remotely follow each vote and objectively say what the deal is. #GovernmentShutdownstories
Republicans: it’s sad democrats won’t support a bipartisan bill to open the govt.		Democrats: it’s sad republicans won’t support a bipartisan bill to open the govt.		When will the madness end!!#govermentshutdown
@TSA agents at the @DallasLoveField airport jokingly asking people in line if anyone wants some unpaid part-time work or if we were willing to volunteer. Having a good attitude and enjoying life in what has to be a hard time is admirable! #tsa
When you look at the current government, there are very few “compatiblists” who fight for what they believe but (1)willing to accept opposing theories (2) have the guts to change their position on a topic or (3) wait for it... collaborate! Maybe one day...  #politics
A twitter experiment you could call it. Trying to call out biases in politics and be objective at the same time. Maybe I’ll have 9 followers after a year, maybe I’ll go viral... but I promise you won’t get your Washington or media gossip from here.
I created this account to only follow political figures... I’ve learned that very few politicians can go 1 day w/o (1) saying their right, (2) trying to justify a biased position or (3) gossiping. It’s honestly amazing, entertaining, and infuriating all at the same time #politics
@SenSanders Does anyone have any objective, not subjective, research on this topic? Curious if anyone has done thorough research on how increasing wages will mesh with the potential cost of living increases that will come from so many people having higher incomes in a short period of time.
@ScottWalker It’s amazing how many GOPers are stuck on this one proposal from AOC when there are other significant issues that would be considered far more controversial when looking at them objectively.
@WhiteHouse Any regulation that causes rich individuals to spend money on advisors helps the economy... you can debate the + / -‘s of increasing or decreasing various tax rates, but regulations that only impact a small minority and provide jobs through free enterprise are beneficial
@SenSanders Fact: drug pricing and pricing transparency are a huge issue in the U.S.		However, starting the tweet asking “how many people need to die” is invoking fear to get people to support you, similar to what Trump is doing to get the wall.
The current government shutdown is a perfect representation of how political parties currently function (can’t let the other win, picking only the facts that best support their case, etc.) rather than how they were originally intended to function