Also an address 81 main street Albans WV 25177
I do not have access to a computer
Lk
Connected
So I only researched five minutes and found Mike Stone conneccted with a Roger at 304-722-4512 .
Ok now we need to do research. Is Roger Stone related to Mike Stone? Thats our next question folks
Three weeks ago I offered them my help and they spit in my face and tried the same old crap. Tried to falsely jail us to kill us cowardly again and sent people to shoot us daily
Hunger, fear, distractions, diversions, sickness, poverty andcdeaths
Lk
Lk
Lk
Be aware that they will cause those things
Thier strategy for the past is to cause fear and diversions
Ok important .Listen up
While Donald Ray Smith demands a down payment for his wall
Been
Roger Stone has bern indicted. Hope
Hope. Word for the day. Hope
@Martin_Dempsey Yeah but Im finding out that some people possess no goals or principles at all
@22ARW Lk
We were woke up twice last night. People fighting under our windows
2012 S. Blvd.Edmond Okla 73103 check
Lk
If he were not gay his male lover would not be here in our home. They cant even stop a night out of respect
Sams gay but uses women as cover. I dont like men who do that. They are stealing a womans life
Lk
Lk
Makes me know todays just another day of him trying to hurt me and mine and his son
Sams laid up here with his gay lover not caring about changing
See I see actions not words
Lk
Lk
Lk
Shit give them one of your rooms in your mansion Sam and keep your trash out of our homes
Even his female whores carry little back packs
Cant figure out why Sams gay lover just left with his little back pack. Sam has a mansion at 2812 Grand Blvd. Why does he bring that crap here?
@MeatFreeMonday Morning
@JedCastles @NEWS9 Morning Jed. Thank you
Lk
True
Thier own families not strangers
No lives but to kill and oppress others
Lk
Lk
They are mentally sick stuck in Okc
I hate them because all they do is stalk and cowardly kill family. There I said it
Well I could post Donald and Sams addresses again and civiliians could stalk them like they do us all day
Sweet dreams .Sorry sir Paul hes blocking even Google plus. He hates truth
The
Makes me sick to have to know tomorrows just another day Lisa and tge Stones will stalk and try to cowardly murder us and others as Alberts dad helps them with Donald Ray Smith
Good Night.
Good Night
Lk
Lk
Or in a nut house
Ill tell you this. Anyone causing pain and suffering and death to another family member should be on death row if you want my opinion
Well I dont claim to be smarter than anyone. I just claim I know more than most
Lk
So whatever
Lisa intercepted my calls but she couldnt shut it down if she was serving a consequence like we have asked of Sam daily 3 years
7 years
Lk
Makes sure you have no way to communicate
See he segregates
Sam shut off my government phone
@SenJohnKennedy I dont hate him. I hate what hes doing to America and me and mine
@SenJohnKennedy Its so easy for me to figure out and understand but its hard for me to understand why no one realizes it
@SenJohnKennedy He lives right here in Okc
@SenJohnKennedy So he shut them down and caused a diversion
@SenJohnKennedy And they were finding out his true identity .Donald Ray Smith
@SenJohnKennedy Besides he also did it because FBI was investigating his lawyer
@SenJohnKennedy Well if you give Donald Ray Smith what he wants because he shuts our government down then your teaching American Citizens to lay down and submit to black mail by a Dictator
Took 7 surgeons to save my life
Lisa had us attacked so many times in Memphis then blocked our meds and Drs so I went down immédiately in Knoxville
Lk
I can call St Marys Hospital in Knoxville and get the exact dates
We made it to Knoxville Nov 2014
Lk
Lk
I believed the Hells Angels part and that they were helping her but not all the rest
Lisa told Albert the Hells Angels were doing those things and she was thier Queen and Michael was the King and Albert silly believed her
We scrounged 50 dollars and took off walking
So we decided to walk to Donald in Knoxville
And she was blocking our drs and meds
Lk
And she had Alberts pay at his job and layed him off two weeks
Until Lisa kept paying people to stab us and we both got stabbed
So we stayed there
But I didnt want my kids to know
We were attacked with weapons weekly and chemical attacks and tainted water and food and Sam put us out of our homes and kept our rent and put us in the real live hunger games out there
Memphis was worse
Lk
Lk
We packed and made it there and it was worse
Sam pulled up in an old blue truck in Tulsa and told us to go to Memphis and wed be ok
Lk
Lk
I made it to Tulsa then a Church there paid my rent for a month
Still they are stealing and lying
Nothings changed in 7 years
So after they started attacking my life and stole all I ever worked for I ran barefoot to the greyhound downtown and sat and Albert followed begging me to go with me wherever i went
In 2012 I had noone .I couldnt tell my kids and Albert was bieng sexed by Gina and Latressa and Allison turned on me for Rusty so I was alone and Virgil my best friend turned on me for sex and drugs with Gina and Latressa
Albert Presley facebook.Go
@CIA Well I know who it is so maybe you should hire me to train you
@CIA Hum yet you cant identify who our true President is?
@ChuckGrassley We are Americans. We do not submit to cohersion or blackmail from a tyranny Dictator who is broke because he owes Russia and Mexico for helping him gain access to the White House under a fake identity
They make sure we cant have a home
But we are inside
Well its not a home
Im home sir Paul
Alberts off work
@MissingKids @FBINewOrleans @AngelineDC @OfficialLivePD @AETV Lk
They must not be humans at all
They beat Albert telling him he was adog and a crack head not a Presley
Well you cannot understand sick evil inhumanity or insanity thats all I do know to be true
Horrible horrible humans
What kind of humans does God allow to live?
Even cuffing me and smashing my facial bones and stomach and liver and pancréas and heart and chest yelling I can say Im not a Kennedy and it will stop
Trying to kill her and her true daughter like they meant nothing to the world for greed and envy
Its so sad what evil people did to her and me and her grandkids even pretending they were her daughter
Lk
Shes so pretty
@hootsuite No Ive been watching my mom Marylyn
@hansilowang @NPRCodeSwitch Im sure . I lived on nothing while they splurged on my money
Lk
Lol. Im at Alberts job and I asked him if he had any of his lunch leftover I could eat. Lol I use to wait for my mom Eva to get home from her job everyday and ask for her leftovers in her lunch sack. She would save me something everyday. Crazy but I do it.
@SenJohnKennedy @USCG Good.Thats true
If a man cannot love his own biological children no matter who the mothers are he cannot love others or himself
She had no right to intercept any of my calls
Lk
I was trying to call my KOMA radio station
Same as when we call 911
That bitch is nuts
Lk
She has to get locked away fast
918-892-5010 thats my government phone and Lisa Presley just intercepted my phone call
Your stuck in insanity
You have billions to be anywhere in the world living life to its fullest
Theres a great big world out there and your stuck in Okc fagging off and killing your son and destroying me and mine
Your clearly insane
Lk
I know your every move
Insanity is doing the same things over and over expecting different results
Lk
You cant be forgiven Sam. Because you lie and deny and commit the same crimes over and over ten times harder after I asked you to stop daily three years
Lk
And you have no remorse or will to change
You molested your own son and stole his life forever
Your coward fag Sam. Using and belittleing women and molesting and human trafficking women and children
@kforkevinogle @Aaron_Brackett @kfor Go fuck yourself cowards
I want answers
I pay for these cameras because she has entered our homes freely as we our out 7 years
I want to know why my murderer is freely entering my room I pay for when I leave
I want to know why these monsters entered my room
I want the cameras checked here. I want to know why they entered our room this morning
I dont tolerate chemical warfare against United States citizens
Mike I labled as a Russian then working with the Russians and now Ive seen him with Michael Jackson and today Lisa Presley so what we need is a check on this maintenance man here named Mike
Please unplug your heaters if your in the building and open a window
Lk
The dogs getting sick
Sams allowed Lisa to use chemical warfare in our home
Lk
So we need to know who Mike really is and what are his intentions Dad
Lisa was with Mike the maintenance man when I entered with our dog. I told him hes starting trouble
Lk
Sad but true
Sams using chemical warfare in our building
Smells like chemical warfare on the 2nd floor here Dad
DSW-051 okla tags
J
https://t.co/gWbr66Bsg3
Go to our facebook
Thats Donald with nothing to do all day but terrorize Albert at his 7 an hour job https://t.co/phAe0LcqSi
He shows the world daily what they are
He showed the world it was them
All the horrible things they said about me
Lk
Everything they said about me .He showed the world was them 7 fold
God has granted me some justice
Just have to have faith
The tides will turn
@Judgenap They are threatening him with jail but they eventually will all be in jail for treason and murder
Lk
Lk
Lk
Shutting our government system down to bully us out of billions of dollars theyve already stolen
Terrorizing and oppressing and killing Americans into submission of thier ways
And that is exactly what theyve done
Lk
Both governments should be respected out of freedom of choice but one should never infiltrate the other for a complete chaotic take down
He calls himself a Rebel
Lk
Donald Ray Smith is in fact a Hells Angels member
The other a free democracy
One is ran like a communist Dictatorship
Lk
Lk
Not when they are totally different
You cannot serve two governments at once
Who
@cspan @JoeBiden Lk
@cspan @JoeBiden You have a convicted pedafile running America wgo cannot read and is a Hells Angels member
@cspan @JoeBiden Well you must come from hell sir because without God first you have no country to work for
How long will the United States Government allow this?
Albert Presley. Facebook
Birds of a feather flock together
Answer- Another child molesting pedafile thats who
Lk
What man will stand by a man who was convicted of molesting his own daughter?
Lk
Get off my twitter swamp pigs
Check the cameras in the lobby to see which Stone child stole all the muffins this morning already
Need an update on the man hit by the car last night. Hes in critical condition .
Sams stealing out of Alberts little check again
@LacieLowry @NEWS9 @LaceySwope @robinmarsh9 @ashleyvholden Good Morning. Thanks
@JedCastles @NEWS9 Good Morning Jed. Thanks
Its just the bullies Sam and Donald and Lisa high on meth and héroïne playing games with others lives because they have no lives but hate and greed and sloth and envy. Good Night
Its called inhomeland terrorism. When youve been falsly arrested and had your life taken while cuffed they know you cringe when you see them
We are ok. Swamp pig left
@KTULNews Lk
@JFK_President_ @JBKSchlossberg @BarackObama @JFKLibrary @AmbCKennedy Good Night
Lk
Texas tags JKZ-4366 check please. Hes in the room next to mine room 210 and Lisa Presley is in room 221 sneaking and posting death threats
How dare them do what they have done to my family
No its called disgust. Not stress
Im just so fed up with all this bullshit 7 years daily
Grandude
In my room
@PaulMcCartney @KathrynDurst We are in our room sir Paul. Im going to smoke a cig then staying inside
Hes a monster
Lk
Ive told him Dad for years to leave my sisters alone
Hes killed three of her imediate family
Lk
Lk
Because he only shares with young men
Hes not even paying her anymore
And he drops her back home to Daryl broke
Lk
Lk
Hes a monster and hes giving my sister aides
And Latressas husband loves her and sits and waits for her to come home after Sam takes her two days
Hes sick
Lk
His gay lover left here two days ago. He just had Latressa for two days
Sorry Dad but if you saw what I saw he and Donald are really doing to my family youd kill him
Lk
Hes annoying us
Get Sam out of room 308
Lk
Lk
You killed her grandaughters daddy. You killed her grandson. You killed her sister
Leave my family alone
Your gay and shes married
Swamp pig
I said leave my sister Latressa the hell alone
Leave my sister Latressa alone you swamp pig
And God can see all you do
The world wont miss you Sam or Donald
@yokoono Too bad Im not dying
Lk
I saw how sick they are today
Sick shit I want no part of
Lk
Now I know why Detective Mike Klika called LisaPresley Sams wife after he viewed all her stalking photos
Lk
Ill tell you what you do Paul Shaeffer. You leave me and my family the hell alone and go get your own life
Lk
Sam says Michael Cohen wont be testifying Feb.7 th because of threats. Sorry this is the United States of America and once your supeonead you better show or prove your dead
Albert Presley facebook
@SenatorTester Hes held me and my sisters hostage since April 2012
Thats unacceptable behavior from Sam and Donald
We went to my sister Latressasand her husbands home to see about getting a few dollars for gas and Sam put a cop out for drama and Donald sat in her driveway
Hes out of line
In my own hometown
I will not be terrorized daily by the United States President
The CIA and FBI and Secret Service have a sworn duty to uphold our laws and constitution
I can visit my sister any damn time I choose
Hes out of control
Im not going to put up with Donald stalking me at my sisters home
Convicted in Puryear Tenn. For molesting his own daughter
The President of the United States of America is an illterate from Knoxville Tenn	Donald Ray Smith
I dont like threats
Soneone just made a comment about something happening at 9 o clock tonight
We made it home
@ChuckGrassley And I live at 4811 N.W. Expressway suite 208 Okla. City Okla
@ChuckGrassley My Charles is Charles Alexander Stewart 1st class Seargeant Green Beret Army 20 years and a Certified Oklahoma CPA
@ChuckGrassley And Albert works at 6600 N. May in Okc at Presicion Tune Auto care. Standing outside with a sale sign
My Charles has never been married in his life nor has he had any children
@ChuckGrassley Lk
@ChuckGrassley Be careful Sams a liar and has a million members to fool you
@ChuckGrassley Thats not the Charles I know
She cant see shes headed to death row nor does she care
Lk
That a human has no human qualities?
Why is that?
No pride and no boundaries or values or morals
Shes built without pride
Lisa is stalking Albert over and over at his job like she has no sense of dignity or pride within her
Not too bright. Mikes kids are not too bright but his grandkids are
@LacieLowry Well why dont you tell the world your a slaughtering murderer just like you just did
Isnt that sad? The National President of the Hells Angels has nothing to do but break into our room and destroy
If Sam and Gina cant seem to find thier way out of Okc then they have problems
Sam was posting his pictures on Mike and Priscillias blog
Very petty and full of envy and hate and Jealousy and sloth and drug and alcholol abuse and lies
Lk
Sam and Gina have ugly insides
So what? They already destroyed everything and stole what was any good
@davidaxelrod We are use to it
@davidaxelrod Yeah they break into our home daily
Well Sam hates progress and truth so Ill need a computer to use soon
@thebeatles They came to steal, kill and destroy cowardly
@thebeatles Yes the Stones have infiltrated into my family. Its not good because I hate them for oppressing my children and family
Lk
Sams stalking me so I pulled into the dollar tree on NW 63 and got some items while his men and daughter stalked outside. I asked to use the rest room and was told no so I said then I will not buy anything from this store
@AirMobilityCmd Pretty
Its called oppressing someone into sickness
@SenFinance @thehill @ChuckGrassley They know that we have no cash
@SenFinance @thehill @ChuckGrassley No. My insurance pays for my prescription drugs. Sam and Lisa and Gina order them to force me to pay cash. Thats all
Lk
Lk
Understand when Sam threatens or uses police force its always an attempted murder because he allows his daughter to enter the jails and try to kill while you are cuffed
@ArlingtonMAPD Lk
@ArlingtonMAPD Hes threatening me with police because Im parked at Alberts job on private property and his employment place of business which is not his concern
@LouDobbs And Fox News sir
Lk
Lk
Lk
Anyone caught on the tapes entering our room besides Mike for emergency should be prosecuted
Thats fair Dad
So since they called me a liar this morning without proof. I want my proof brought forward .The cameras in our hotel for the past three months sir
Lk
Lk
So she knows they know what they did wrong
Why do you think a mother asks a child Did you do that?
Father? Do you believe in confession? The reason for confession is that if you cannot name your errs how can you fix them or know they were wrong?
He called me a liar this morning on tv. Laughing saying only housekeeping entered our room. I said exactly that. I said they are playing housekeeping and breaking into our room and stealing and destroying while we are out. Not once was our room cleaned in 3 months
@JohnFKennedy Lk
@JohnFKennedy No .It doesnt work that way for if a man or woman refuses to accept responsibility for thier past infractions that were clearly and pertinently wrong how can they accept respinsibility for thier future actions sir?
No one wants to be around someone like that
Sams aliar and a deniar. He will lie and cover and add more lies rather than stop and say Yes I did that and Im sorry and Ill try to not do that again
Lk
Unless it was Mike the maintenance man in an emergency situation
Any one caught on cameras entering our room 208 in the past three months was breaking and entering
Lk
No one was suppose to enter our room in three months. We told them Do not enter at anytime so if any housekeeper entered they entered to destroy. Our room has never been cleaned not once in 3 months
These are takers.They take take take never caring about anyone but themselves
Lk
Destroying our system then he will die soon and leave his mess to the world
Same as what Sams doing to the United States
They will leave thier mess to the world
Lk
Lisas parents are very old and will die soon and have taught her nothing
A parent should never do drugs with thier children. If they are using they should keep it seperated
Dont do as I do .Do as I say. Im a mom its my job to be a bitch
Lk
Lk
None of my children smoke cigs even
My children were are desciplined and sometimes I cried alone after doing it but they are smart, educated with morals and values and dont do drugs unless theyve tried pot recreationally or had a drink with pals at times
I would have made sure the judge ordered it
Lk
My child would have been put away for rehab and mental evaluations the first time she killed someone cuffed
Her parents dont care unless it was her mom last night.Usually her parents help put her on death row by joining in
Lk
The woman who was telling Lisa she needs to stop last night is the first person in 6 to 7 years who cared
Its not the people who sat and watch you destroy yourself and help you do it who care. Its the one who tells you your wrong and need help
Lk
No one cares about you Sam or your shut down .The feds and the United States Government are still working to shut you and Donald down quickly
Journalist
You cannot be a journaliat without a four to 8 year degree
You cannot become a meterologist without doing your years in college.Not a degree you bought online
Lk
Ill be a citizen inspector and gather evidence for a citizens arrest and allow the Governor to keep the evidence they are frauds
Im going to make myself a City Inspectors badge like they do and Im going to start checking credentials and colleges and degrees and turning them all in to our Governors secretary
Ok watching news . It makes me really mad when they show a homicide or shooting with two cop cars. Thats it but to harrass you and terrorize American citizens for no reason but thier hate and control and illiteracy youll see 6 to 8 cars
Lk
Not much sleep. One of Lisa Presleys sisters or her mom came arguing tell8ng her to stop and trying to make her leave and tell about the meth shes on. First time anyone in both her families has cared about her welfare but not much rest
@PaulMcCartney @KathrynDurst Morning sir Paul
@JedCastles @NEWS9 Morning Jed. Thanks
Lk
Lk
Not 219. Its 209
209 across the hall
Inside
Lk
They are fighting insidw room 219. Loud. A woman telling Lisa Dont do it over and over and telling her shes on meth. I say let her do it. I wont die like the rest shes killed. Ill make damn sure she goes with me so she cant cowardly kill again
Room 308 wont stop
Room 308
We didnt get sleep last night from all thier drug problems and now they are starting it up again
Room 308 pounding on thier floor to our cieling
White vehicle
Lk
GEO-592 okla tags parked under our window blasting his stereo
Good Night teams
No mother to take care of her. God knows whose taking care of her
A little girl
Lk
Lk
Sam has Bobbys child
Bobby Truelove and he got a one legged girl pregnant before he was killed and Sam has her
Lk
We watched our friend die in our yard in April 2012. He was defending my honor against Sam. A cop shot him in the back and killed him
Daily since April 2012
They believe they have the rights to burglarize our homes and destroy even our paperwork
We havent even had underwear to wear since April 2012
Hes very mentally ill and threatens our lives daily and schemes on attacks and petty theft and burglary of out home.We are sick of it after years
Very sorry. Hes on our accounts unfollowing all those I follow and muting accounts. I have to reset it all every hour
@USArmyEurope @USArmy @USEmbassyKyiv @US_EUCOM @ArmyMedEurope Thank you
At least they are educated
Our system has bern corrupted enough. My sister or cousin should run
I will run for President if my Kennedy family dont. I will not allow them to put another illterate in our system
Lk
Just to get away from his bullshit
We have slept outside in snow and rain and tornadoes
Hes done it daily since April 2017
We just leave
And harrasses us with police in every town and state
Lk
Thats what we do when he makes us sick and broke and steals our underwear and personel items daily
Town
@HomelessOKC @davidfholt Thats good but we are leaving towm when we finally get sick of this shit
@ABCPolitics Lk
@ABCPolitics Hes infiltrated illiterates into our system
@ABCPolitics She has no education. She has no education. Gina and Sam put people in jobs they have no education for
No thank you
Lk
Lk
Lk
@Schwarzenegger @ArnoldSports I dont have a stomach. It has holes and punctures from Lisa Presley taking my life inside the Purcell Okla jail on feb 4th 2017. while my arms were cuffed behind my back. Its bieng held together with a full mesh but its falling apart.Theres blood in my urine
@Schwarzenegger @ArnoldSports Thanks Arnold
@ChuckGrassley Thank you sir
Sam turned America into a joke
Thats what America is now. A total embarrassment
@ABCPolitics @karentravers Thats Lisa Presleys sister.She has not even an elementary education you fools
@thom_g_bridge @SenatorTester Sam will commit suicide before he forces us to like he promised to do in 2015
@ABCPolitics Thats Lisa Presleys sister you idiots
lk
He makes you physically sick even destroys your homes and steals your thrift store clothes and panties then forces you to watch him on your tvs
Who the hell wants to look at thier oppressor or killer ?
lk
lk
lk
Its all him like some damn Hitler or that Veitemese leader or Saduaam
Even our tv he is on nightly
He has hacked every account we have made
@USNavy @CNORichardson @US5thFleet Really? That dont fly when the government is shut down and they cant pay for food next month
@LeoDiCaprio @dicapriofdn @oneearth your strange
@VisitOKC I dont like Okc so why would I want to see more of it?
Sorry I just woke from my nap and I saw you on my twitter and to me there are no ignorant questions
@SenJohnKennedy same
@SenJohnKennedy Ok but why do you have my fathers sane name?
lk
lk
To my father; You cannot reason with an insane man nor with insanity
Familliacide has become familiar to Donald and Sam where unity and family is a stranger to them
Sams solution to any problem is to cowardly terrorize and kill instead of progress and fix his mess
Im going to nap. Sam and Donald have pest control here
@ChuckGrassley Thanks
We are in our room trying to thaw out
@SenMarkey Look the military is like prison. You have to keep them seperated. Genders because humans get lonely and tired and sex causes too much distraction from the purpose they are there for
@NEWS9 @CassieHeiter We are https://t.co/wNtbZVbfzE picking Albert up from work
@ARG_AFG First degree murder
@ARG_AFG Thank you and yes they were wrong attacking full force yesterday to make sure I got no medical or meds.Thats murder
I think not
lk
You think us remaining silent will stop them?
We have been stabbed, shot at.They rob all our homes etc
We have seen family shot and killed by thier police
We have seen them kill our family members and severe thier heads
There are still good people who care
media
We started going to mefia three years ago for help
We have been attacked daily since April 2012
@BillOReilly No social media has kept us alive because they attack us daily regardless so with media we have good teams working round clock to make sure we stay alive so your either not really a journalist or you sold out
@WCKitchen @PepcoConnect @verizon @MarthasTableorg @foodbankmetrodc @action4ifaw @dcdiaperbank Im not a federal worker but thanks
@NEWS9 Noone cares about Donald and Sams threats. They have already ruined our Government
lk
Tightwads
Gosh Albert can get tips at work but no one tips him
lk
Same goes for the United States Government sir
Theres a reason they do that. Any infiltration by a non member could destroy them all
@BillOReilly When we try to infiltrate into thier system they kill you
@BillOReilly Well Mr. ORielly If you cant understand that the United States Government has been infiltrated by the Hells Angels Outlaws National President then how could I teach you anything more sir?
@ChuckGrassley They attacked yesterday with Okc police even escorting us keeping us from free air for our car tire yesterday on S. macarthur
@ChuckGrassley Im doing the best I can to communicate. They stole my phone and Alberts sd card and our moneys and ways to make money so Im doing what I can as they hack into our accounts trying to stop all communications sir
IRZ-760 Oklahoma tags.Two white females in fake police uniforms with guns but fake badges
@SenJohnKennedy Ive never had Hepatis C but someone used my insurance for it
@SenJohnKennedy Im not sure how much Gina took. All I know is I never saw one penny or one gift and we know someone used my legal name in Oklahoma while I was living in Memphis on my small social security check
@ChuckGrassley Well Id have to have more info to do that sir
Gina said on the phone on Feb 7 2017 that she would be dead if I knew I was the true Kennedy
Im the daughter of John F. Kennedy
Im not African or my mom Evas sisters child.All lies
I have three children all born from my womb
Im not a transgender. Those are Gina and Sams lies. I was born a girl on August 5, 1962
Convicted of horrible crimes using state police
Two convicted criminals
Hes using state police
lk
lk
lk
Sam and Donald are using state police again this morning
His uncles name was Bryan Smith. He died from Diabetis
Donald was living in his uncles home that was in probate court.A shack
Donald and his son Elvis were going to court
lk
He was told not to leave state
Now I know why
Donald lost his own grandchildren while we were in Knoxville Tennesee to state custody
There are no ignorant questions
Whats Donald doing to my nieces children?
If Sam did that to his own blood son what do you think he did to Lisa knowing she was Mike Stones child?
The worst.They were convicted of molesting thier own blood children
lk
Two convicted pedafiles running America
Murdering even babies without consequences
lk
lk
lk
lk
Its Lisa and Sam in court .She inhumanely killed an African male for no reason
Google Betty Shelby trial Tulsa Oklahoma
Its Lisa Presley after she killed them both
Google Autumn L. Harris
And shes still driving
lk
Because Lisa ran them down like they were nothing
Thier daddy had to scrounge and bury both his daughters at one time
little
Sam never offered to even pay to bury those two kittle girls a week before Christmas
Last night we heard Lisa in room 209 yelling Thats what she https://t.co/8EXtorxUaO seperated. Then you heard Sam say Yeah I know. Jesus Christ. Did I make her run over those children last month and kill both? Did I make her strangle and kill the pregnant girl?
2 days ago a ten year old girl ran from a male would be kidnapper in a red truck
pedafiles convicted and sentenced running our state police
Yesterday they shut down all wifi and put cops on us
Donald also recieved a DUI in Jackson Tennesee
Sam and Donald both reside in Okc
them
lk
Niether one of thrm registered in the state of Oklahoma as sex offenders since 2012
Do your own research
Donald molested his own daughter and was arrested.Sam molested his son and his sons sisters and was arrested
Then type in Donald Ray Smith in Puryear Tennesee
lk
Go to Oklahoma DOC offender lookup. Type in Paul Freeman and search.
Everything I post is real news. Do your own research
Alberts not allowed to use his dads tools at his shop to fix our car. Wonder how much that diamond ring on his finger cost? In the photo I just posted on Albert Presley facebook
@DevinNunes @VDHanson No but the FBI should arrest these scums
AGY-505 okla tags
@JedCastles @NEWS9 Morning. Thanks Jed
They are killing me no matter what I do or say and they want Albert dead also to hide thier sick secrets
but they have said that daily since 2012
They posted Happy Death Day to me
Happy Prison Day to you Sam and Donald. Both of you have been to prison for molesting your own children. Must be in your DNA
@UniversalHorror What dont you understand?
@UniversalHorror This is a threat on my life
Get her out Dad
Shes slamming the doors in room 209 and 207 over and over
Now
I want the womans name im room 207
Go to Albert Presley facebook now
Even Donald was arrested for molesting his own daughter
Maghots dad. White trash drug addict child killing child moelsting scums
While he trys to arrest his son for trying to make a dollar and blocks my medical with low scum Mike Stones children
Thats his lover and he hides under my sisters skirts and trys to act like he wants me
Okla tags
Lk
Dad check tags Okla CMO-598 you will get Sams lovers name
A fag is a man who dont know what he is. He is really gay but hides under a woman taking her life away
100%
Sam is a child molesting fag
Lk
He brought him to CVS and they overcharged on my meds
Sams fag is here at our home
https://t.co/Hq62lB35T3
https://t.co/6oaRBI4ayP
https://t.co/nQVcdGvloc
https://t.co/totyCV4wdJ
https://t.co/2FdK4jdavN
https://t.co/yi0EE3jiGb
Sam helped
Lisa Presleys sister. Go to facebook Albert Presley
We had another murder attempt
You wont believe what Lisa Presleys sister just pulled at my Drs
He left us alone
Im trying to post his photo. Hes in his mustang
We have Lisa Presleys boyfriend cop at Taco Cabana S. Macarthur and 140 harrassing us
Picking up Albert from Sams shop
@10MTNDIV @USArmy Amen
Why? Because hes a no good human bieng who cannot love himself
We will be leaving here soon. Sam has started infiltration and degragation process he always does
Lk
Why cant I use the housekeepers mop? Why cant I be present when they clean my room for the first time in 3 months?
There are ignorant humans on the other hand
Lk
I spoke with the housekeeper and the African man on my floor cleaning rooms just now
There are no ignorant questions
Lk
Ive been here three months and asked to borrow a mop and I was told no so I said ok then we have never had our room cleaned maybe you could do that once a week. He said sure but you cannot be present in your room when we clean. Why is that?
Lk
Lk
Good question. He does it because he fights progression and unity and family and more
Do you know why Sam blocks our accounts and hacks into them and prévents  us from posting photos and videos?
A child may ask you Mama? Why is the sky blue? The child is learning
When you ask any question at all it means your learning
@ava @Lawrence There are no ignorant questions
My name is La Nelle Riley, Buie, Baker Kennedy. To the world Miss Kennedy
They call me Isis because I refuse to submit to regression and push forward to progression
Thats why Donald yells Drain the Swamp
That needed to die
To Sam I was what he called a Swamp Witch
Lk
Woman
Lk
It only takes one man or one womam to change the course of a mighty mighty ship
Respect the dream and honor the courage of the dreamer
Justice is for all and all the horrible things they said about me was really them
Lk
David is here in the room next to https://t.co/zzIiu2lP9Y 206. Lisa Presleys lover who worked close by her in Norman Oklahoma
Lk
My mom is Marilyn Monroe and my father is John F. Kennedy and in Memphis the African women did my hair so he named me a negroe .
He tells his Hells Angels Im a negroe girl
Black is a color like purple not a race
Lk
He takes away thier identities and calls them black people
Dont pull your racism card on me again Mr. Presley
Lk
Samstown Casino in Tunica Miss. Thats Sams. It was sued for mistreating African Americans
Over 200 African Americans protested at Mr. Presleys home in Memphis believing it was safe grounds to do so. He arrested and beat them all with sticks
Lk
He pounded them until they couldnt fight for thier rights
You want to talk racism? Mr Presley was sued by African American workers in Mississippi.
Lk
Not just for Mr. Elvis Aron Presley and his
One Nation Under God Undivisable with Liberty and Justice for all
Lk
Who gives a shit about your sex prefrences? We give a shit how you treat your fellow Americans who are your true brothers and sisters of all colors and genders and races. We are in the same boat all together and need to realize this and form unity. Huge family.Unstoppable
Lk
Lk
Unity, equality and justice for all
Honor the dream not just the courage of the dreamer.
@StateDept Honor the dream not just the courage of the dreamer
Me and Albert have paid high prices for me being a dreamer and so have my children. Weve been beaten down and arrested and seperated and segregated even spit in our faces and took our names and homes and money and jobs and identities
Lk
Martin Luther King had a dream and it did come true.Whats important to remember is seperation and segregation .Thats not the way nor is oppressing another human bieng so they never reach the place God born them to be
Lk
Sams playing games making my sister dress as a camel. He really likes tying women up and torturing them and making them suffer. Dont you Sammy?
Lk
Lk
Problèm is they sense it and only stalk
People say Rusty Wards a murderer. I say well maybe but out of hundreds of people and family hes the only one who spat truth in my face once
Just
I stand by my dreams hust as Martin Luther King did. I stand even though Sam pounded and plundered us under daily 7 years while degrading us daily with horrible names and such
People fear what they do not understand
Dreams
Ive never met another dreamer. Probably because they dont tell so they dont get killed
I am here by the grace of God and my deeams and visions
All alone on my dreams except the one sentence Rusty Ward threw at me once
I found my birth family also
Ive counter attacked all thier attacks and saved me and Alberts lives amillion times over all alone just me and my dreams
I wouldnt be typing right now had my God not sent me my visions and dreams
@EMKInstitute Lk
Im not worried about your gang Sam. After you die I feel the men will get rid of the stink. The family killing cockroaches and get thier own leaders
I am running for Président. Hows that?
All youve done is kill and oppress your own family members 7 years
@MikeEmanuelFox No one gives a shit about you Sam on this page or your coward family killing gang
Tried
Also be alert. A red SUV trief to kidnap a 10 year old girl yesterday
@RepPaulMitchell @HouseGOP Thats what they do to dreamers. They kill them
@PaulMcCartney Lk
@PaulMcCartney No one could have taken it
@PaulMcCartney Hes done this to us daily nearly 7 years
@PaulMcCartney At this point sir Paul Ive given up on a better life
They only care about thier pitiful existance here on earth
Niether does Sam
She has no regards for the laws or for human life
Documents
We have filed every légal dociments available to prevent something worse happening. She was not suppose to come 500 feet near us
Im tired. Ill post more later
Im still posting on facebook.
Lk
Lk
They destroyed his knees inside the Newcastle casino after they cuffed him
Albert collapsed last night. He needs medical help bad but Lisa Presley destroys his attempts same as mine
@JedCastles @NEWS9 Thanks Jed. Good Morning
Keep watching.Theres more
Albert Presley facebook
Go to your home and do your dopé
The whole building is no smoking
Lk
Drug smells in the halls. The whole building is No smoking
I told you all little Mike has been on Lisa Presleys team 2 years
Drugs on the second floor .Bad drug smells
@Metallica No Im not dead. I just checked the halls. 308, 210, 209 and 212 Dad
Sounds like she has 210 now and 212 and 209
Lk
Death row and I want the survaillance camera tapes made public from the Purcell Okla jail
What shes taking from my life noone can replace
I want Lisa Presley on death row
Your pathetic
Insanity
Maybe if Sam would get off our television he could stop her
Lk
Very sick bizarre that she just killed two little girls last month and she cant stop herself from wanting to kill more
Shes in our building
IUN-544 Okla tags small black vehicle .Lisa Presley got the bags from and she drove it here. Shes not suppose to be driving
Usually Kimberly Franks Martens
She was using the name Kim earlier
Just posted on Albert Presley facebook
My hate grows stronger every day I live in this hell
Final answer
I wish the Hells Angels and Outlaws would get some crayons and draw Sam a picture. I will never have one thing to do with him in life if he doesnt give Lisa Presley a consequence
Lisa Presley is in our building
Hes blocking my posts. Im still trying
Shes back in room 209 across the hall
I cant stand sloppy drunkards
Go to Albert Presley facebook. I think Lisas back in our building
They are the sickest forms of humans. I cant even enjoy my music on youtube without thier hate comments posting Rest In Peace
Sick and tired
Ive made it this far all on my own bit Im tired
Tired. Good Night teams
Im tired of all this crap every day nearly 7 years
Well I usually call it cohersion but I just noticed Ginas boy Travis also committed extortion so they are both the same to me
We are ok. In our suite
@PaulMcCartney I still have infection through my body
@PaulMcCartney We have one dollar between us both. We paid rent here another week
A monster killing him and me
Lk
Lk
Im a Kennedy starting to resent that I have to take care of a monsters child
Your very confused
Lk
Lisas not your child Sam. Albert is
When a man will kill his own son so the truth cant be told its a bad sad world
Lk
Have you ever considered telling the truth Sam?
They get inside our building and control the wifi
And illegal to hack accpunts
Its very unethecal he does this
I have to repost sometimes twice on here he is filtering my posts
Lk
You have to remember shes on meth and heroine daily
Lots of loud drama from room 209. Im posting on Albert Presley facebook because they blocked photos and videos on here
Lisa uses lots of alias .Kim is one and Betty and Ann and Marie and Maria and more
Shes back in room 209 on the phone asking for a Moe says her name is Kim
DEL-889 okla tags. Lisa just got into that vehicle here
Lk
Facts Jack
All on cameras and carried her head out in a plastic bag like a trophy
Lk
They beheaded Diana
Dianas DNA is all over that room 2108 with Lisa Presleys
I dont say it if it cant be proven
We saw the monitor in the office watching it
On cameras
They all know Lisa killed Diana Stivers there the morning of November 4th 2017
Lk
Where Lisa Presley and her sister are on camera
The men from India own the Meridian Extended Stay
Lk
If I cant prove it I dont say its so
Lisa is on survaillance cameras .Moe watched and said to his pal shes guilty
Lk
We inspected for cameras just as we did at the Meridian Extended stay where Lisa killed and beheaded Diana Stivers on Nov.4th 2017 in room 2108
Everything is filmed on a monitor downstairs
We are here for the cameras
This building even has cameras outside the lobby doors
@RollingStones @AppleMusic We dont need security. We have cameras on every floor here
Lk
Lk
Lk
I am forced to find means of communication skills everytime they shut down our accounts
And Google Plus La Nelle Buie
Please visit Facebook profile Albert Presley
https://t.co/ejr2uZX6hv
Lk
Lk
Including four children one unborn
Detective Mike Klika Okcpd said he was responsible if Lisa Presley kills anyone and shes killed 10 since that conversation
Its my job to protect my own life against would be kidnappers and coward killers
@SenJohnKennedy Also we have yelling coming from rooms 201 and 209
@SenJohnKennedy 334-BWM Louisiana tags here expiration March 2020 but they had the same tags on a broken down car here with the passengers window busted out. Now he pulled in with tags on a Honda small grey four door vehicle
@mariashriver Lk
@mariashriver Well Im not a stranger Maria. Im a Kennedy
@SenJohnKennedy Thank you. They are trying to block all communications from us to the world but I got to hear half
Lk
They make that choice daily
I didnt force Donald and Lisa to try and murder us just yesterday
Its illogical for Sam to think that I would run to him after they are killing us daily
Im not hurting anyone . They are. Im protecting and trying to save our lives
@gehringdc Lk
@gehringdc Well that boy is bieng disrespectful . His parents have taught him nothing it seems. When parents don't do thier jobs and teach thier children whats appropriate and acceptable and whats not thats what they become. Rude and hateful and disrespectful
Lk
Cooking. Busy
Fired?
@brithume @BretBaier Well if Nixon was not impeached sir what would you call it?
@okcthunder @Yg_Trece Sure
Lk
Mona Sue Brown or Duke .Her maiden name is Davis so she may be playing Mona Sue Davis. Thats Ginas boys grandma
Ok I forgot something I just remembered
@KOCOMichael Thats sick. So he destroys my ship and me and thinks Ill beg him to save me?
@BillOReilly Lk
Alberts off work. Gotta go
@BillOReilly Once you do your own homework or reseaerch you will find Im a reliable credible source sirs
@BillOReilly Do your research. Dont believe what me or anyone else posts. Do your own research
Lk
405-706-4022 check that number
Im seeing crazy crap on my small government phone Im using because they stole my Metro PCS phone
Lk
Im tired of telling you people when you refuse to hear
Its just blackmail so he can pay his debts to Mexico and Russia
No one approves of any wall bieng built. If he builds a wall what will he do with the thousands of illegal immigrants he has inside McDonalds and Coca-Cola and all the Okc city jobs he gave to them?
I believe that was in 2014
Sam arrested them all and Priscilla pressed trespassing charges which gave them all a record in jail
Over 200 Africans protested at Graceland in Memphis
They lost their rights to vote
@RepCohen Be careful in Memphis. Sam once arrested over 200 Africans protesting in his yard at Graceland. Priscilla pressed charges on them all
I have no clue why Im still living
They crushed my facial bones
Lk
My mother gave me my looks. Lol but they cowardly beat my facual bones until they crushed them
My father John F. Kennedy gave me my fighting spirit
Love U lots
Thanks Dad
Either or
Maybe Im too ignorant to fear them
I fear no man or woman or thing or place. I fear God
Sad but true
Lk
They are too busy killing off their own family members to know whats happing around the world
Thats whats wrong right now. God and Family and Freedom mean nothing to these folks in charge
Lk
I will never shame down from publicly admitting my God is first
I guess you can say Im a Christian if that means I love my God and my Jesus and my Mother Mary and the Holy Spirit and the Angels and my ancestors who have already passed over. If thats what that means then thats what I am
Any President caught blackmailing the United States tax payers to pay cohersion fees for his dealings with communist countries deserves nothing but prison
Lk
Anyone who believes they can daily terrorize an American citizen daily 7 years deserves Levenworth
For
Anyone who is sick enough to kidnap a human gor ransom money is damn sure sick enough to already have killed your loved one
I
Im pure bitch about those things. I dont believe in negotiating with terrorist and I don't believe in paying cohersion fees in other words blackmail and O dont believe in paying scum kidnappers a ransom
@RepJeffries @HouseDemocrats Donalds dirty deeds are not our problems sir. He can pay his own damn Hitmen off
Memphis they were bold and came in our homes with weapons while we were there and we fought them
If we live in our home they kick the doors in while we are out and destroy and take
Every place weve lived 7 years
Lk
They steal our thtift store clothes
They make sure you stay broke even if they have to steal it
When your cold and hungry and sick and tired its hard to believe your a Presley or a Kennedy
Lk
It also causes degradation so they loose thought of who they really are
Thier main object is to oppress and cause sickness
@SenJohnKennedy Lk
@SenJohnKennedy And he worked for Blue Beacon Truck Wash 3 years and was a rehire but the one here in Okc tells him no jobs available
@SenJohnKennedy But he has 4 years carpentry and roofing experience and concrete fininishing and repair
@SenJohnKennedy They oppress
@SenJohnKennedy They just block him when he applies
@SenJohnKennedy Albert went to school for carpentry 4 years
Also Donald Ray Smith has an identical twin brother named Ronald Smith
Lk
I am not here for your entertainment. I made accounts to save our lives
And Donnie Friday
Lk
Heres the names you need to look for; Gina Elaine Riley, Amanda Tuggle, Chase Brown, Travis Brown, Donald Ray Smith, Elvis Smith, Donald Smith, Tracey and Mona Brown, April Brown, Ralph Tuggle, Theresa Smith, Mona Duke, Norman and Steve Roberts
Etc. Etc.
McDonalds
They even own Coca-Cola
He dont give a shit about a wall. He has sold our biggest cooperations to the Mexican President
He owes Puten money and he wants the United States tax payers to pay his bill
Hes blocking my posts
He makes damn sure no one recieves justice but him as he kills Americans for as little as using thier freedom of speech
Hes played God 7 years
Then
Something he takes away from others. Freedom of choice thrn uses his own free will
Thats his choice
Sam would rather go down in history as a coward family killing Hitler than to discipline
Its unacceptable that my country is allowing them to try and cowardly take our lives daily
I was yelling for them to call the real police
Over 200 patrons watched as they beat us calling us crack heads amd cuffed us and drug us out of the casino
She dissapeared on us after we found the hamburger cafe inside
Lk
Lk
Then on the way there she kept repeating bad things happen to good people
The head maid at our home the Biltmore hotel drove us there she said for a treat to eat the best hamburgers
We went there to eat at the hamburger cafe inside
@JedCastles @NEWS9 Arrested us inside the Newcastle Okla casino
@JedCastles @NEWS9 Lk
@JedCastles @NEWS9 They filed our false charges through Ada, Okla. Jed then drove us to Purcell, Okla jail to jail us to inhumanely take our lives
@JedCastles @NEWS9 Morning Jed
Lk
At what cost will a man incure trying to keep his daughter from a consequence?
You feel nothing for the ten humans including children shes killed in the last two years
Lk
How many will you bury to keep Lisa from learning a good lesson?
What your failing to see Sam is all this mess was because you refused to discipline Lisa Presley
Thanks Governor
@JedCastles @NEWS9 No snow yet here Jed
Mandatory drug testing for them all and fingerprints
Donald was taking pictures of us like a nut
Lk
We were in a van thats built like a tank .I dont know how it stopped so quick. Theres no way. Me and Albert were shocked we didnt go through the windshield hitting them. They corned our car so we couldn't swerve to miss them
Fist degree murder attempts
They thought it out, planned it and executed thier plans
Lk
Lisa Presley in one vehicle .Lisa Presleys sister in another. Lisa Presleys cop walking across the street. Donald and the man from Edmond in his car
Liar!
You deny truth and spread lies like a fire
But youve always been a liar
Your a damn liar
Your a damn liar and your son should have gone through our windshield yesterday
Lk
Your lying Sam. Im so sick of your lies and denial. They planned it. There was three cars involved and one cop Lisas lover. Donald was in the small red car involved in the deadly crash
Lk
After thats accomplished with fact findings they will need a review psycological exam by the state on thier mental disability checks they both recieve
And fingerprints
Drug testing for them all
We are getting up but its hard when you know its just another day of cowardly attacks on your life
Good Night.
Lk
Humorouse
They tried to kill us today with vehicles. I dont find this humerous
@jaketapper Dont make threats
Lk
You will have to go to our facebook they didnt block. Albert Presley
They are blocking my photos from posting on twitter
@BillOReilly When they are a threat to lives our country must stop them
@BillOReilly It is our countrys responsibility to admit fault and stop them
@BillOReilly They are mentally unstable and a threat to innocent lives
@BillOReilly Fingerprints and extensive background checks will prove that
@BillOReilly Gina Elaine Riley is Melana Trump
@BillOReilly Hes an illoterate who cannot even read
@BillOReilly Mueller is lying
@BillOReilly What I tell you is truth. Donald Ray Smith from Knoxville Tennessee is Donald Trump
Lk
He was on a state of Knoxville mental disability check when we arrived at his home in Knoxville 2014
I suggest the beurocricies get busy and do an extensive mental background on Donald Ray Smith
No greater embarrassment for our country than what is happening right here in Okc
Lk
Also find the owner of 2012 S. Blvd in Edmond Okla.73103
Lk
Anytime the United States has a man planning and acting out murder in the state of Oklahoma by the President personally we have a problem Houston
He must be drug tested and fingerprinted
Donald messed up trying to kill us himself today
Lk
Lk
Donald messed up today
And you know it
I have proof to back up all I say Sam
Lk
Lk
This is so insane that its an embarrassment for our country
Lisa was snorting her heroine stopped beside us after it happened
Our
Lk
We are in pur suite. A very very bad thing Donald and Lisa Presley did. They tried to murder us using vehicles and it was planned well. Im not sure why God stepped in but Im thankful
@GovStitt LK
Thats insanity
Or a grave from Oklahoma Macalester death row
She needs to be placed in an asylum for the criminally insane
They better give him a drug test, fingerprinting and a psychological examination
Lk
They meant to kill us with thier cars
We are home sir Paul
Donald and Lisa Presley need to be put in prison fast
Insane
Donald and Lisa Presley and her sister tried to kill us with thier vehicles
Get on Albert Presley facebook
So redundant
Same as they planned monthly 7 years
Gina and Sam come up with these kidnapping ransom schemes but they plan on killing me and having a lookalike suck money from my Kennedy's
Sam calls him Jay Z
He just drove off. The African male Sam claims he sold me to in the black dodge charger just drove off
Murder, child killing, identity theft, obstruction of justice, conspiracy, fraud
Maybe they will all get indicted after Feb 7
Hes on all my new accounts
Human trafficking
He kept Latressa
Gina does thats why he traded her off to Donald
Lk
He cant sell me. I dont belong to him
Hes telling people he sold me to a Jay Z
Lk
Theyve done that periodically maybe once a month the past 6 years
@LASDHQ He plays this role Dad when he and Gina plan a kidnapping murder ransom on my life
@seanhannity While we play nik nak patty wak give a dog a bone hes bieng investigated
@seanhannity You wont be in office in 2024
That's why we dont give a shit. Sam allows his scum daughter Lisa Presley in our homes while we are out
Its destroyed
In our room
@SenJohnKennedy I understand life. My mom gave her life for mine
@SenJohnKennedy Amen
Lk
Im a Kennedy not a door matt
Shit let him be my manager
He offered me the job as manager of his Hells Angels and I refused it
Sam cant sell me. Im not a member of his silly gangs
Ask Donald why my children do not believe they are Kennedys
Lk
Lk
Let Donald explain why my Kennedys have not seen the Purcell Okla jail surveillance cameras tapes from Feb.2, 2017 to Feb 10th
Let Donald explain why I have over 50 scars on my body now
Lk
I was in Memphis fighting daily attacks on my life as they pretended to be me and steal everything
Causing family segregation and family seperation
My Kennedys have bern lied to since 2012
Shit Gina and Donald built thier kingdom on lies and familliacide and family opression and segregation and family seperation
I stand with the under dogs. Anyone bieng bullied or mistreated or abandoned. I hate bullies and I hate cohersions and threats
My adopted dads name was Donald Nelson Riley . Army Hell On Wheels tanker division same as Elvis Presley
There are no Harris. Lisa got the name from Autumn Harrington my mom Evas sisters grandaughter
Lk
My adopted moms name at birth was Eva Elaine Faulk. Born in Morse Louisiana but Gina changed it on her obituary and mispelled my name.
@SenJohnKennedy @OutnumberedOT @HARRISFAULKNER Picking Albert up from work
Because your a sick coward stalking murdering nut
Stop breaking into my room and if you have enough guts to threaten my life on twitter why dont you have enough guts to fight me one on one?
Get your filthy coward killing scum ass out of the room across from mine
Dont threaten me again
@rjritzel @kencen @New_Adventures @wcp You better listen up. Only one going to the gas chamber is them not me
No Sam did not rape me in April 2015. It was two consentual adults making a huge mistake
@March_for_Life Lk
@March_for_Life Well thats good for you but noone wants to carry a monsters child 9 months then raise it alone so that might be an option for rape victims. Ive only been raped once in my life and I was asleep medically having a procedure done. Lisa and Michael raped me and I believe Sam was ther
Quitting is not an option for me. Its not in my DNA
@seanhannity Thats her prerogative
Its absurd that your in charge under a fake assumed name
Your blackmailing the greatest country in the world
Under an assumed false name
Lk
Not a trader who is in the White House inder a fictitious name and background
We do not blackmail the United States Government
Donald is digging his own grave demanding 25 billion dollars
Ive been lied on so much the past 7 years it didnt really bother me when I knew the source
Lk
Lk
Horrible rumors that spread like a wild fire
They told people I aborted his child
Sam and Lisa spread a nasty rumor on me
Lk
Abortion is not a birth control .Try the pill or a condom
I dont believe in abortions unless its a child underage and her mother makes that desicion and only if its a good medical reason why she cannot give birth
@RepJeffDuncan Amen. They are not really called unborn because they are alive and just waiting to enter this terrible world
https://t.co/PvLIWVm5Sc
Im in my room. I have to clean it. Ive been sick and Albert never cleans
Heres what you can do today Sam. Kiss my Ass
@JedCastles @NEWS9 Thanks Jed
Lk
Lk
Good Night
I have to lay back down now
She deserves the Oklahoma death penalty
And my stomach
Thats why they do it	They know they damaged my heart badly
Its this daily stress
Lk
I never even had high blood pressure in my life until them
Everything her and Sam and Donald did to my body
I was in perfect health in 2012
Lk
Lk
When I die Lisa Presley will go to the Oklahoma death row
Bad head and chest and stomach pains
Im ok. I was resting
Its going down now. Sir Paul. My blood pressures going down. I got so fed up with those fat lazy drug addict Stones in our face I blew up and I yelled them all
@RepMullin Why dont you get an educatiom and a degree from a real college and get back to us
Lk
He can come get his son and take care of him himself and Ill leave fast
Lk
Lk
Pure bullshit sitting back with billions making federal workers starve and making us scrounge after he stole all I worked for all my life and my inheritance and my health
I shouldn't be out here alone scrounging with Sams son. He can help after all hes stolen from me or he can give me justice and lock that bitch up or he can pay me for damages .Bullshit what hes doing.
Lk
Rotten ass snake
You stole my damn inheritance then you stole my health
A dirty piece of shit forcing your son to live on 200 a week.
Lk
Your a piece of shit Sam.
Shes on the jail cameras
Lk
Shes not done one day in jail or paid one dollar
I have no stomach left. Its a full mesh holding it together
She destroyed my chest and heart and stomach and wrists
Lk
Lisa Presley is on cameras inside the Purcell Okla jail Governor on Feb 4th 2017 beating the life out of me all day long with my hands and arms cuffed behind my back
Lk
Sorry bitches are trying to make my heart go out
Im in the room but still feel like Im stroking out. My head hurts and blood pressure wont go down
@VisitOKC Lk
@VisitOKC Hes the biggest snake of them all
@VisitOKC Especially Sam
@VisitOKC They are all snakes
I told them all to get off thier lazy coward asses and get jobs
Someone needs to get that psycho Lisa Presley out of the Seafood restaurant next door
Im at the hotel
https://t.co/a9QldebbLL
https://t.co/XvKEZiBq2X
https://t.co/fn7x89yBy5
https://t.co/z6nwpPcKVK
https://t.co/f6V0FXl5tU
Hurting bad. Feels like Im stroking out. No help. Alberts as much help as a ten year old and the Stones I just got out anf yelled get your fat filthy ass a job its easier
https://t.co/xSxougI8HM
@JohnFKennedy True
@cityofokc @davidfholt They dont have low housing apts much anymore. Too busy building message parlors and pot stores
You missed it. Lisa stalking us again. 7 years daily. Why does my father allow her to breathe?
She stole my identity and my money
End of story
Shes just Gina Elaine Riley of Okc
Shes a family killer and a thief
Shes not a Baker or a Kennedy or a Trump
Gina needs to come clean and tell the truth
Shes changed federal records
Shes changed public records
Lk
So she can keep the power and my money
She knows my Kennedys know the truth but she still wants to lie to the Hells Angels and Outlaws
Lk
Gina is still lying tp the Hells Angels and Outlaws. Telling them Im some African girl or her moms sisters kid
Gina and Donald and Sam made sure they oppressed and hid my children well while I was in Memphis
Lk
Lk
I have a daughter  majoring in Science. I have a son who graduated Business Economics and another son in Business yet all are scrounging with minium pay and long hours for my oldest son. He has no life but work for the Fergusons
No ones ever given us a hand out or a hand up. Gina stole it all I was told by Sam
We have all been struggling since 2013
Lk
Lk
Children
My cgildren have college educations and degrees and are currently still taking classes to further themselves
My Dad has not helped my children that I know of and if hes helped me I dont know of it. We are all surviving on nothing
@SCActionNetwork @IowaStateU All my children are educated but bieng oppressed
@SCActionNetwork @IowaStateU Cant find a job. Hes bartending
@SCActionNetwork @IowaStateU My son Blake Samani is an Econimist. Graduated UCO in Edmond on Deans honor roll
@SCActionNetwork @IowaStateU My children are all college educated working for minium wages
Lk
Sam has never thanked me in 14 years for taking care of his son
Have to pick up Sams son. He only lets him work 5 hours a day so thats why Albert makes extra gas money holding a sign on S. Macarthur sometimes but Lisa trys to stop him from making one dollar and tried to arrest him yesterday but got our friend instead
Im at Alberts job sir Paul
Babies who never hurt anyone
Lk
Babies who will never get to attend kindergarten he buried for her
@StewSays @JohnCornyn Hes pretending life means nothing
@StewSays @JohnCornyn Sams not cowardly murdering those people and those children. Lisa Presley is. Sam is covering thier deaths up and throwing murder cases to the wind
Lk
Lk
And Baker Kennedy google plus
You have to go on Albert Presley facebook. They blocked our accounts by stealing my phone
Lk
Change will come after Feb.7th
One man robs an Edmond bank with nothing but a mask and gets away
Lk
Lk
And Lisa Presley cuffed a man she thought was Albert for jay walking yesterday
But 6 cops got me the other night for not turning my blinker on fast enough to switch lanes
@VictorBlackwell @RadioTalk @ShamaraAfia @THEBIGDM1013 Its so crazy. One man robbed an Edmond bank and got away. I laughed its so insane you have to laugh
Lk
They mistook my kindness for weakness yesterday and attacked our freedom and lives
@JohnCornyn Why are you negotiating with American imposters and terrorists who even use chemical warfare and cohersion?
Not well today
@paulgalloshow Wont be me going to the gallows
There are no negotiations. We will seek our justice daily
@NewsOn6 They are human trafficking from Louisiana. They are burying bodies in Musgokee. They put that shit on Alberts google because they planned on killing me and trying to blame him thats all
Like the animals they are because they certainly are not humans
Even tainting our air like animals again
@JedCastles @NEWS9 Morning. Albert says cops are downstairs from some womans drama and I dont feel well. They make life unbearable for us
Lk
Frauds
They are traders
They deserve the gas chambers for what theyve done to Americans and us 7 years daily
Lk
Lk
Lk
Back
Watch
Hopefully Americans can warch them all get what they give bavk when thry finally get sentenced to our gas chambers
@JeffFlake They are using chemical warfare. The emit pollutants through our air system. Smells horrid and acidy hust as they use in public restauraunts like the cowards and traders they are. Communist dont even do that these days
@ringostarrmusic Come get me
https://t.co/ctz6RDBnpy
https://t.co/HOhwTT2gnU
https://t.co/D7YXIlIp3I
https://t.co/HHWKx9WJcm
https://t.co/UTegUiZAUq
https://t.co/ohIE2TOOH1
https://t.co/EfRK4wVafP
https://t.co/n8GFP1mgtf
https://t.co/ti5v1jrfdG
https://t.co/FHbVPJNK0c
https://t.co/y5Admbyuqr
https://t.co/hDqgiilHWU
https://t.co/dcqHCQxmE7
https://t.co/7RrJvD3oTA
https://t.co/NDWIEAtLRA
https://t.co/Z8z9vINNGK
https://t.co/ifocIwjPJC
https://t.co/rfUiT0HGtR
https://t.co/4VVLfCZr1O
https://t.co/CsGLJPEBlt
https://t.co/NNJ0hI6IL8
https://t.co/u3qd9uceVd
https://t.co/JsY6X7Wq0M
https://t.co/cHGL4UpaIT
https://t.co/SnfKJK4ZtI
https://t.co/LPcegcLPFc
https://t.co/1QiaXTuEBD
https://t.co/8M6w8ArDwm
https://t.co/NkRTX585wh
https://t.co/w3xwbabbNC
https://t.co/IlJ8ZxtmsI
https://t.co/94diGmVlRQ
https://t.co/OQHQ33SXQy
https://t.co/rjaP5Vo5Cx
https://t.co/bm7ZGu4mpk
https://t.co/kvkTkyBfnx
https://t.co/cxe3eWQKk7
https://t.co/4EOqXP2eux
https://t.co/zhLgMTJWkB
https://t.co/aWSpSiahee
https://t.co/wf9X3l1ZwG
https://t.co/rUowcoA9oJ
https://t.co/juz4dEzt13
https://t.co/jsuNU1zAKo
https://t.co/FHmSMUVe0O
https://t.co/VCQV9jZsCO
https://t.co/HSZAHfXIzD
https://t.co/aEavmDfOPk
https://t.co/2Vz91PCscA
https://t.co/YMANw6iT2r
https://t.co/V7Lfc3ZWFR
https://t.co/I1uaoQo6X7
https://t.co/w0EQMijqHL
https://t.co/yFpkkiuUCN
https://t.co/JpbmMjgwRq
https://t.co/rZue0UcLIq
https://t.co/bWo0MMME9y
https://t.co/2hdVJGI5g6
https://t.co/olur5XvXwB
https://t.co/d3wxs88eOF
https://t.co/RUxQMsdN5s
https://t.co/eRfWhHq44I
https://t.co/P8zKT9tSHU
https://t.co/7QCNeLcDvf
https://t.co/MR8yaxhseJ
https://t.co/O4b05K9B1N
https://t.co/M1Hcnl606X
https://t.co/92OJyygqDQ
https://t.co/Z8jzovssJE
https://t.co/2g9NDXbmdR
https://t.co/BBWSx2mdsu
https://t.co/bLFEGXwE3i
https://t.co/en89LRfCoU
https://t.co/Fgnx3kUfrl
https://t.co/m1Tq6R97p8
https://t.co/vw7cNdbvR7
https://t.co/k7xMVlgFXA
https://t.co/15zSfrsHMh
https://t.co/54rOrrjQkH
https://t.co/l46i4LB1cx
https://t.co/1JQ01tjpnE
https://t.co/qhTBeglIGb
https://t.co/l0dr5Q88Cx
https://t.co/NiBjZLvYF6
https://t.co/TY9pBWTy6K
https://t.co/CVRti0HvMx
https://t.co/pKjIfN0xhM
https://t.co/vjkb4W3CLx
https://t.co/myWU9fb2Mg
https://t.co/iCq7ZWFd96
https://t.co/5lU5V56Tir
https://t.co/qXMK4BRWj1
https://t.co/h3h3aTXpaY
https://t.co/oqjCvNGQXB
https://t.co/H163xgjYrk
https://t.co/AGGk2CXNFJ
https://t.co/Mmv0Nf9tcD
https://t.co/Gn5YxqI4tR
https://t.co/ewTYRvCO0A
https://t.co/PckD6LEEt6
https://t.co/0KfEh0QZNy
https://t.co/7s6zFKO0RR
https://t.co/LyY4GseCWu
https://t.co/yqDlKUkTf5
https://t.co/AvwCspf0jY
https://t.co/2bvha0WvgF
https://t.co/pVhSU1wpaH
https://t.co/wHtea75HHn
https://t.co/VInOGpUzhE
https://t.co/SQeQzGE5Gr
https://t.co/Ev39WiWrOv
https://t.co/QNphx4gyYf
https://t.co/5DuhYxeKMs
https://t.co/WO7N7meig6
https://t.co/PsVqLk5oo2
https://t.co/ognZ0WpRvv
https://t.co/TorUDukmTp
https://t.co/C1m6F5Ywvp
https://t.co/4vA7zmNkGq
https://t.co/vJZlFF2KUD
https://t.co/Vnd3dARwn2
https://t.co/0WzMHewiWh
https://t.co/o2X5Zz9SNe
https://t.co/SzScH7PbSu
https://t.co/8RSEINb42d
https://t.co/TMRweNjzT4
https://t.co/kxRpwxUOqZ
https://t.co/3I5Mvkk83o
https://t.co/wPAaSVboXa
https://t.co/AmBkPLAx5B
https://t.co/NeZeKnkbs4
https://t.co/Y9GMbdZEKG
https://t.co/MttYxlidjs
https://t.co/T5CeGMqWXx
https://t.co/Pm5JgbkL9s
https://t.co/DOLVKyZM35
https://t.co/DQ5wwz04yV
https://t.co/CykOU9lyyg
https://t.co/LuMxMZpNVD
https://t.co/cfXkZTZCXF
https://t.co/uGJ85Ma4ns
https://t.co/LtrwON3Uh0
https://t.co/DFMwahUQAg
https://t.co/1zbdwtR4s6
https://t.co/tDWrrUXh9y
https://t.co/aRo4oB7PSF
https://t.co/vkaYrhzH2f
https://t.co/5AR4qmFNUU
https://t.co/rlgqsCSHIV
https://t.co/jEQxSNwYgU
https://t.co/cUDTlkyrqr
https://t.co/MAdUN5eLEq
https://t.co/Kejy2MPYri
https://t.co/patYZrrgVd
https://t.co/g5VPryFeNb
https://t.co/PcyHinG3NO
https://t.co/Wo1pGHDOQA
https://t.co/f6bjWbMROM
https://t.co/0JJ7X7Ml1K
https://t.co/SYUx0zyKza
https://t.co/cDGOTK6DHx
https://t.co/PboYOPqMgz
https://t.co/SRSvN93IQK
https://t.co/ezecVBDbJE
https://t.co/qJZV4c042M
https://t.co/63z0CH8U0g
https://t.co/DjDlNHqkl9
https://t.co/bIp7wsISD0
https://t.co/DT8ydObTH9
https://t.co/Wxn0Ae24vH
https://t.co/HPgFeQG5uc
https://t.co/vGWSuafBnO
https://t.co/a2gxStDzMz
https://t.co/BAYqvPtKWc
https://t.co/jVnTYJF1LM
https://t.co/d5XqsJ0Obi
https://t.co/zhiiHbU8Mp
https://t.co/ujdc5JNVfR
https://t.co/Gn7B7ERUAk
https://t.co/gcdRYapmTO
https://t.co/p5T3bADB54
https://t.co/ARRg9Th2Cw
https://t.co/yV2lj0aJAz
https://t.co/XtHIQqvlVZ
https://t.co/s6I4EYQkBG
https://t.co/ZcOi9QCmTl
https://t.co/8kh9x7kUJn
https://t.co/T33WhMwyu0
https://t.co/Ol6X26SgYv
https://t.co/YjkMZubq7N
https://t.co/MSspFrjfjx
https://t.co/OpibRHBkn0
https://t.co/BM0ud8aegZ
https://t.co/JpKHFl2NVH
https://t.co/svB2sQnMLb
https://t.co/rmNAEJ4n1Y
https://t.co/EmUUzW4MTk
https://t.co/CUMOTFLije
https://t.co/50Ge9DyQ8V
https://t.co/hCwnNVkDoP
https://t.co/DrI6ZybGA0
https://t.co/4vEEzXoSRf
https://t.co/8nGcjIIykb
https://t.co/Q4JtSalZfT
https://t.co/JGKn7EZNib
https://t.co/wd7sjpX2Mx
https://t.co/JfGNw9Gsis
https://t.co/PXdn6LfIwi
https://t.co/y481PAqjmX
https://t.co/9V4xCjeMHi
https://t.co/lw1sz9MiqK
https://t.co/p46234vdRO
https://t.co/MAyKWxdxxp
https://t.co/pJ1zDwxiE6
https://t.co/v5cbKVmyPz
https://t.co/PnHL9wWEUm
https://t.co/lQ2oyNT5cw
https://t.co/sJxLQJm0vZ
https://t.co/vgCtx5RQi5
https://t.co/g4etpzZHkV
https://t.co/kwtYQSdxcm
https://t.co/L0XZlFmGtP
https://t.co/50IMXHSxh5
https://t.co/lv1sZKNqIf
https://t.co/ysFfqWKomQ
https://t.co/df1MSXjTWu
https://t.co/4ZLwZvxGIR
https://t.co/kDWuKDr3aI
https://t.co/gnfNWHZlU9
https://t.co/PICWJOdVQY
https://t.co/aTccJkRqiW
https://t.co/kGsXw9DAkx
https://t.co/9oPQCxWhan
https://t.co/URbMJ5Wg0e
https://t.co/HmlxwAZb5v
https://t.co/KIqnwwOv6M
https://t.co/5RduVRiY1B
https://t.co/Xf8sWdJS3A
https://t.co/pw59ICfmeK
https://t.co/YaG11Kx5O7
https://t.co/VDGuul0nwy
https://t.co/FzdoZnto5E
https://t.co/LCAnph5eZC
https://t.co/c1jucvLHrz
https://t.co/85JtKkYWfn
https://t.co/2R8QV5HWtI
https://t.co/XE2DqkydsI
https://t.co/neDAodMLeT
https://t.co/yUFVnqjxTI
https://t.co/D8Dx04swf9
https://t.co/L6yrhc6H02
https://t.co/eC0qsoU4MF
https://t.co/Ek6euul65Q
https://t.co/FLFE2FLAb2
https://t.co/Cm5GsQepP3
https://t.co/tMcykmy7ZN
https://t.co/wzXwzFbynR
https://t.co/Idlfy5TgqI
https://t.co/OafOglJlMh
https://t.co/mZI6QhMcMn
https://t.co/wYeDRXSKH3
https://t.co/FNKnAQ3Jci
https://t.co/4X3GDHE1F8
https://t.co/GNwuQLEDqX
https://t.co/LmRgAo2oJt
https://t.co/QMzxERPYXd
https://t.co/KzltFDUcSm
https://t.co/gYZcHva4cJ
https://t.co/wUdYqEKEVH
https://t.co/3XIe6Jj2dE
https://t.co/pfE1DqVrRV
https://t.co/cUpqYLcrC4
https://t.co/49E5UnnUX6
https://t.co/EMhdBhBTJO
https://t.co/rP07FE3QvB
https://t.co/WPfIOIh5Fx
https://t.co/oPgOxGObdF
https://t.co/YV6H2S2C9c
https://t.co/dyJc8SoQko
https://t.co/S0HScoZk7Y
https://t.co/GPPOinQsNH
https://t.co/LzO1MqV2oS
https://t.co/UDU8HqFTWE
https://t.co/g5bO6biHsy
https://t.co/ENUQlg82KM
https://t.co/ix0oYIygPK
https://t.co/dE6DkInnil
https://t.co/xsr0AjkjP0
https://t.co/olfvuA1IP3
https://t.co/CVkLvqveWa
https://t.co/x0RZRHNmpM
https://t.co/zNzst3VznR
https://t.co/QAPufbrIax
https://t.co/zbySered37
https://t.co/lsY5SpGnBM
https://t.co/w7eFN1arM9
https://t.co/ezrKoVro0v
https://t.co/RPKa0DoVCZ
https://t.co/RE6s33s4Fi
https://t.co/ii7kBje44p
https://t.co/76RylPxEug
Lk
She will need long term incarceration
Alert!!!!! Lisa Presley is in the building in a crazy looking blonde shoulder length wig
Lisas in the building in a crazy blonde wig
Lets get them all in prison
Prison is all they will understand
https://t.co/tVJLP9qtrm
https://t.co/SOybHnliX8
https://t.co/gjf8o995AP
https://t.co/5lfSOFFFH3
https://t.co/Be3fH8eVKr
https://t.co/GV1LYdMtYT
https://t.co/8NDdietM83
https://t.co/rr8hj14pYk
https://t.co/2dyglmLrDh
https://t.co/ex3mfiPPYd
https://t.co/PY78CU4fBK
https://t.co/GmF68hoEDX
https://t.co/ataStuZ03N
https://t.co/OImJ1CNGPs
Get off my page Sam
Lk
She thought she cuffed Albert but it was another guy we knew
You spit in my face Sam once again
https://t.co/YIZJTRmVAg
Thats her https://t.co/kXXAZJwTOS
Thats Lisa with the uniform she had on today cuffing a man
https://t.co/CSOtv2kEiN
https://t.co/Gg0JLGv1Zq
https://t.co/fgqwm9CvJl
https://t.co/4vOgX93vEI
https://t.co/VHRYEndov9
https://t.co/dnosdePMwf
https://t.co/b9FRQB0tT2
https://t.co/hWwfhQW4Hg
@dhmontgomery I dont own a computer
@HouseFloor What graves?
Lk
She has no rights to wear an Okc police uniform
Thats unacceptable behavior Sam
https://t.co/WQaE9siPQd
https://t.co/f7CrAJ5Fz7
https://t.co/8wthcnqGEu
Thats Lisa Presley back in an Okc uniform with a young rookie cop driving	She cuffed one man and ran anothers id for no reasons https://t.co/UlDp3bgT7K
https://t.co/1hZ7tUlLQp
https://t.co/gp8RxbfhRl
https://t.co/rNwx3v0SqV
https://t.co/Jzi8PkRknH
https://t.co/O7vOwEgXni
https://t.co/0epKFW2pXW
https://t.co/t1gvRXtTcs
https://t.co/y3yDyIVwFp
https://t.co/FZck1H0qHq
https://t.co/Bbz1dHYJBV
@dhmontgomery Gosh is that your only problem in life? If so your doing great
Fat woman stalking me https://t.co/hPGat8ufMC
https://t.co/s6M7plaMjS
https://t.co/A2Jl17Nmru
https://t.co/xJqEgjRvVT
https://t.co/bY3fyCAOlI
She actually shit her pants stalking us inside Dollar tree. I have photos
Shit Priscillas mom is like 98 lol still stalking us
Shell be dead of old age soon and she cant rake Sams money with her
And shes like 80 years old
Lk
Priscilla no. I dont want her facelifts to come off in my hands
Why dont Gina face me one on one in a boxing match and lets end it
Lk
Ive been wanted dead or alive for 7 years Jed
@NWS Dont bother me
@JedCastles @CassieHeiter They both want me dead but they have to stand in line . lol
@JedCastles @CassieHeiter Yeah I know. Thats Gina and Priscillia
@PaulMcCartney @AmericanExpress Because we are broke ass bitches thats why
@PaulMcCartney @AmericanExpress Picking up Albert sir Paul. I think we will go out to try to play today
Dad? Im out of skin cream
@hardball @billmaher Lk
@hardball @billmaher But Donald has to take responsibility for his own choices. No one forced him
@hardball @billmaher Yeah. He did it
This boy begged my forgiveness and won it https://t.co/HBQ64Cxhou
I will not forgive those who are not truely sorry for harming me and mine
Lk
I will forgive anyone who asks me to do so
He cant buy what I have
You should thank me instead of judge me
No it only helps your world when I pause to help Sam
Lk
It sure dont bother mine
So what. So what if we may need each other. Does that bother your world?
Lk
Like a man needs a wife but different a little
He needs me
Im just reporting what was told to me inside this morning
Please dont think Im ignorant or blinded by love with Sam
Well Sam closed down our accounts but it didn't work out for him. I always come back harder and stronger after he knocks me down
@JedCastles @CassieHeiter Morning Jed
Youll find her up around his job probably right now
She uses all her and Mikes children to track him and stalk him
Shes never far from Albert
Lk
So Im always correct or close Dad. Priscillia snug out of here while I was smoking in a white vehicle smaller than the one I posted with Texas tags. A short old man driving
Lk
They also have a home in Edmond Oklahoma
Lk
Lk
Thats her mom https://t.co/L9FjRDtk7A
Thats Ben. Priscillas grandson https://t.co/C2dz8XKh6c
May 24th 1945
Lk
She lies. Her children are all from Mike Stone the man she tried to kill Sam off for
Her father I believe was James Wagner
In Brooklyn New York
She was born May 24th 1945
Greedy woman
Lk
Born very poor in New York
Shes greedy
Because hes Sams only living hier left
Lk
She needs him dead thats what she wants
Shes never far from Albert
So what I may not know which vehicle is hers out here but I will
You wont go to prison Sam if you just stop all this drama and make Priscillia pay them
Billions of Sams dollars shes hoarding
There now Ill help you with more info on her later today. Im sick need to rest
https://t.co/TgWYQlgy8C
Mike Stone is American Indian
She lies. Shes not German at all
Lk
Her true name is Priscillia Wagner from Brooklyn New York
Priscillia has Sams billions and can pay what he owes
https://t.co/ZvBiKochAA
She wants Sam and his boy dead
https://t.co/kTNtVV2PIP
Shes a snake and will lie to your face
Priscillia hides in the Dallas Fort Worth area. Her home is by the Dallas Fort Worth airport
https://t.co/tov8vxDZci
https://t.co/EN8J3yjiJq
He dont need to con Americans
Sam has plenty to pay you back
Priscillia and Mike Stone hoard the billions
Billions a year it brings in
Its called Elvis Presley Enterprise
Her and Mike Stone have control over Albert and Sams billions at this time
The Russians can get paid back through her. Go after her
Lk
Priscillia Wagner Presley has control of the billions
It brings in billions a year
Sam has enough to pay them through Elvis Presley Enterprises
@trscoop @tedcruz No
@trscoop @tedcruz No the American tax payers should not pay the tab for the Russians involvement in fixing the elections
You own the Mexicans Im no fool. Pay the Russians
Pay them
They mean business
Lk
They are not use to dealing with affairs of the heart Sam
Sam made the deal in anger towards me now he needs to fix it
Lk
Well you never know what to expect from me because I know a million times more than what I tell
Id prefer you pay and learn your lesson Sam
Lk
You made a deal and Im still alive so your choices are finish killing me which will be hard because the worlds watching now or pay them thier damn money
Because thats wrong
Lk
Lk
But dont put the pinch on American citizens bevause your getting pinched for your deeds
Pay the Russians what you owe them and let it be
What everyone sees as complicated seems so easy to me
@JedCastles Thanks Jed
@tribelaw @Lawrence Lk
@tribelaw @Lawrence Thats not a true statement sir. Hes demanding we pay his illegal debts not his legal debts
Use EPE funds
Lk
Pay them from your own pocket and stop all this insanity
Pay them Sam. Pay them what you owe them out of your own pocket so that you learn a good lesson and never repeat the same mistakes twice
So why are they watching my every move?
Sorry Dad theres three Russians here watching me at all times but it doesnt bother me. They are all pretty nice but what they did with Donald wasnt me
Lk
Lk
Lk
Lk
Lk
But that has nothing to do with me and mine
They want thier money Donald owes them
Yes Dad. The Russians watch my every move. Ive seen two here so far
Lk
Lk
I dont need police escorts home
Im already watched enough. Im even watched in my home by the Russians. Isnt that enough?
Sam? Why are you watching me so close today?
Lk
Yes we need a Dentist fast but the only ones we found cheap or free was in Chickasha and Im not driving into Mona Duke and Ginas playground for a death trap
Thats why he needs 25 billion dollars
Donald owes the Mexican President and Puten and he cant pay
Lk
Im ok Dad and sir Paul. Im waiting for these meds to start working. No luck yet
@greta Lk
@greta I wouldnt know anything about that. I can prove Ive lived off 750.00 dollars a month for the past 8 years
What more can someone ask of a woman?
I take care of his son and protect his son and stay true to him
I do love him thats what he dont know
Lk
Dont have to be a rocket scientist to figure that one out
Sams not that complicated. He wants to be loved
@greta Problem is Im the only person left standing against the wall with balls enough to fight back
@greta Problem is these days all the good journalists are cowards
@greta Greta if I say it or post it I can back it up with proof
Lk
The world is mixed up right now because his insides are all mixed up because I left him emotionally and all he had was insufficient brains to tell him lies for his money and power
Lk
Well Dad what I know no one knows. Sam wants something he dont stop until he gets it but also the world crys when Sam crys .The world is angry when Sams angry and the world is happy when Sams happy.
Things will be right with me and you Sam if you quit acting a fool and open my government and give your daughter her spanking
Lk
Im not one to be reckoned with these days. Im half dead and sick
Tell Donald he better not send men again. I will fight them off and thier names can be traced back to him after they take them to the county morgue
I hear you yakkin Sam but Ive seen nothing
@rollcall Lk
@rollcall He already drained the swamp so who gives a shit
I dont like what they are doing
Just get thier fingerprints and all thier childrens fingerprints then ask them to now open the government. The United States Government or go to prison in military prisons for life for espianoge and fraud
Donald Trump is Donald Ray Smith and Melana Trump is Gina Elaine Riley and you should have known when they served you Mcdonalds in the White House
Lk
This cohersion or blackmailing for 25 billion dollars to build a wall will end immediately if federal workers proved the truth
They dont care if your bills are paid or if your children eat
Start with fingerprints on anyone in power
Just woke. Listening to the news. The federal workers need to work really hard while they are not getting paid so it doesnt happen again. Good Morning
They are jumping and acting nuts on the third floor.
@DerrickNAACP @AyannaPressley Well if they would stay out of every home we try to make we would have a nice home
Good Night teams
Night
https://t.co/FEL4QTRnJZ
https://t.co/93mhuebiqh
They have insane asylums for the criminally insane .Perfect for her
Probably room 209
https://t.co/yHwnrzUIMT
https://t.co/GJU2trenaU
She must be stopped
She gets a key to our room somehow
They keep allowing Lisa Presley in our building under different names
We cant even go out to smoke they destroy even our mail
Lk
Going to bed. Nutcases are back in the building again. Probably room 209. Good Night
https://t.co/cxcD17zEWl
https://t.co/shKOWa6WnK
Do you know what Americans think about a man hurting innocent people to get a wall that he is trying to force on us?
@MSNBC Yep pretty sorry isnt it
@SenJohnKennedy Lk
@SenJohnKennedy Well to be honest with you I find it hard to listen and try to descifer if hes credible or truthful when hes sitting there knowing Trump is really Donald Ray Smith and not Donald Trump at all and fingerprints will verify what I say is true
https://t.co/p1RMQdUFtq
Lk
Lk
Lk
Lk
Lk
And I have a tumor in my breast Priscillia screwed up
But its because my stomach mesh is messed up and they tainted our food 7 years
They call it a UTI
I have a bad infection .Kidneys and bladder who knows what else
But I hurt and I have fever
Im hurting. I got a jump and came to Alberts job
They steal anything we get
They rob our room while we are out
https://t.co/bRcjSO1NAE
https://t.co/HWAhKXFaFQ
https://t.co/agaMWqBTAg
https://t.co/bhDmpC7vn6
https://t.co/jVLBfIsRpQ
https://t.co/ddXLzdAGBx
https://t.co/DtrHb0ZSOH
https://t.co/vAOiOjMxoa
https://t.co/zK923oRMuR
https://t.co/FmBnlgjJ4W
https://t.co/wUQEB55vQF
https://t.co/UTn5YQfZpL
https://t.co/AFYWJcjzpb
https://t.co/7HXk54TFfL
https://t.co/BSQZkRFgbu
https://t.co/UWWf8CThml
https://t.co/Gn6W2nQMdu
https://t.co/CRzMLDjf42
https://t.co/3mRaFyzLjO
https://t.co/MlpUw3NzeY
https://t.co/qco5bNkREM
https://t.co/TLXX36OEUp
https://t.co/5s2zKBpXAf
https://t.co/jkV4HY8IQc
https://t.co/PzlpVeHTp5
https://t.co/IUwQIMtDO2
https://t.co/6diGcRtpOC
https://t.co/bx4ZGWa7Hu
https://t.co/6OGedWE7OD
https://t.co/EkEkvYWDCc
https://t.co/1wCzrQDsX7
https://t.co/7vIqBvCpb3
https://t.co/XsPkllqjwB
https://t.co/Tgh4aV86y1
https://t.co/faj92AuggN
https://t.co/Fg6ZOW37GN
https://t.co/KMvrTM2HVQ
https://t.co/HDJ26TWsr4
@JohnFKennedy True
Hows that Sam for 99.9% accuracy? Even sick and hurting https://t.co/lMKmw2E491
Open my government
https://t.co/R8Koxu3wYw
https://t.co/Lzvuv7JgDf
https://t.co/GBBJZhvbm4
https://t.co/KgOFOcDGEy
https://t.co/Xq3sFyLlk4
https://t.co/T7Ac3fDtq6
https://t.co/SHmqqH1af4
https://t.co/b2pJS3ruTv
https://t.co/oiG6rNSBZN
https://t.co/0hq3iW4Lbq
https://t.co/LwGjkQGbya
https://t.co/2MQGrQLcva
https://t.co/DWcuNyjNB8
https://t.co/zv08gVJoNU
https://t.co/IJfalRZAzf
https://t.co/EquDNhF9EE
https://t.co/C3FOaneAZP
https://t.co/reBcB7gVP4
https://t.co/u4SeSQSUvu
https://t.co/w5hYPYQjaN
https://t.co/g3zjJpuavV
https://t.co/Jq2NPeGdVq
https://t.co/W7mm2k0Drn
https://t.co/aSFJndtzwr
https://t.co/7mrABZw1a1
https://t.co/zmytZUCNv5
https://t.co/HeLrzqFhhd
https://t.co/utwIJ381lB
https://t.co/OjEhxuqCio
https://t.co/AC1y17VNep
https://t.co/ltX0uVVLui
https://t.co/qVl91hNbST
https://t.co/exjKwzPSqM
https://t.co/AKb55brXDv
https://t.co/qczL0aD1Ec
https://t.co/1WEGbQSAUe
https://t.co/2v1cP5xLZW
https://t.co/Q6AaUxYSUg
https://t.co/mODiAx3r8p
https://t.co/NuLpp9muj7
https://t.co/3WGPzhoBml
https://t.co/QJJoMgOFan
https://t.co/4FyuQrSn44
https://t.co/28kfv4szoL
https://t.co/vHtgmCzVQs
https://t.co/AiyUMtZoQ0
https://t.co/1WEzaLDLy3
https://t.co/bJXVwCO7BG
https://t.co/cMxz6SCIVl
https://t.co/QCmEUfIf50
https://t.co/UygKfk0jZc
https://t.co/cMsixilz2X
https://t.co/H9X98r7zbf
https://t.co/Sr43QNb0bw
https://t.co/eCK4DBVDSs
https://t.co/f8hRC5LiC1
https://t.co/u9ndMQmlUh
https://t.co/i79askRcnC
https://t.co/OeVlWdr9G6
https://t.co/kek0HKneyQ
https://t.co/7q4yAIKDcN
https://t.co/joaO1AOU1X
https://t.co/gdCzVTseoc
https://t.co/L5qmGvm4m4
https://t.co/SHR1RpilJP
Wish I was living in England
Lk
@thebeatles Id love to live in Enlgland Beatles
Lk
Lk
Lk
Lk
https://t.co/1q0xD5PN25
https://t.co/Z7EDrPJojY
https://t.co/DoiCDmCUmR
https://t.co/B1lwyuPWdV
https://t.co/xH1FUuFvzI
https://t.co/dvFLGoIqvk
https://t.co/N9FuYduAaD
https://t.co/Uotsf4fGfY
https://t.co/5vmoIjWbqC
https://t.co/udumQZYYvL
https://t.co/D4ooE68vOM
https://t.co/0WiO6KCts6
https://t.co/9g74oaM9MZ
https://t.co/bioLLWLDmv
https://t.co/Sd2msCb1sW
https://t.co/MZ8jdjgFBH
https://t.co/O4BcvJggxD
https://t.co/eu1hbJqDfl
https://t.co/5FQtoiMNFC
https://t.co/XLhAIpPSgZ
https://t.co/8rDjBQDetf
https://t.co/ubTnNfYy31
https://t.co/gLJckt9L5d
https://t.co/ef6mEMZZQq
https://t.co/5KU5NzUIXS
https://t.co/m1CcnKJXlT
https://t.co/ThC9QWsmqM
https://t.co/YkGyR7X34R
https://t.co/9edIMfNL8j
https://t.co/QOBBCCDloJ
Im in my room sir Paul. I need to rest
@HouseDemocrats The food has not been properly inspected since Donald entered the office because Gina knows nothing about rules and regulations or the United States Government nor does she care
@SenatorFischer @realDonaldTrump Are you nuts? Clean water is not a privilege in America. Its a basic need our tax payers work hard for to provide for themselves and future generations
They dont need to kill thier brothers and sisters to hide the lies they built
They dont need to lie, cheat and try to steal someone elses blessings
https://t.co/vtsUbqSmzB
Lk
Lk
Lk
Lk
If Donald was so much better than a female President then why did he need to use Russia and the Mexican President to try and kill and jail her and fix the votes?
Lk
https://t.co/rA3p25w2T4
https://t.co/gtfhiYLNzB
https://t.co/8h3b8i1EpW
https://t.co/oSzFXQAKFJ
https://t.co/EoFif50Nhr
https://t.co/b9mBD3GEtE
https://t.co/1PevUoMvy2
https://t.co/d6CDBQMKzn
@TraitThompson @StittforGov Nice
https://t.co/E49iTRXcug
@ml_barnett Check this account
@ChuckGrassley Thank you
Im sick
https://t.co/hkrcaCpoAW
https://t.co/7y1LqpV0YT
https://t.co/pi9hdqEoBI
https://t.co/9GFyXrIjQ3
https://t.co/MhAVZ7FGiK
Pharmacy https://t.co/dgu9jXAeNk
https://t.co/pszynPMXHT
https://t.co/ZUgThCrUo2
Lk
Thats Lisa Presley aka Betty Shelby aka Autumn L. Harris
https://t.co/UnsLJi8U0v
https://t.co/LeJSIwdxSf
Approximate time 8 a.m.
November 4th 2017 Meridian Extended Stay room 2108 she beheaded and murdered Diana Stivers arpund 8 a.m. on cameras
Purcell Okla jail Feb 4th 2017 inside the jail all day until 5 p.m.
Lk
Not one consequence
https://t.co/0IVL8eobu5
Autumn L. Harris Boston
Betty Shelby Tulsa Okla
Please research shes killed many inhumanely
7 years daily
No excuse. We have cameras
She enters our homes illegally
She destroys any property we gain
https://t.co/Cm2a337qdg
Lisa Presley https://t.co/speYXTQbiY
Also google Betty Shelby Tulsa Okla and Autumn L. Harris Boston . Both are Lisa M. Presley
We have cameras here Governor
https://t.co/BBJljWWPRE
I want Lisa Presley prosecuted for the attempted murder on our lives inside the Purcell Okla jail facility on Feb. 4th 2017 also on cameras
Im asking that America Extended Stay cameras be watched at all times
https://t.co/ly1ynvjVir
@CBSNews I go to his boss. Sam
@CBSNews I dont listen to Donald. Hes not in charge of anything
Lk
Lk
Lk
Lk
@StittforGov Lk
@kfor Bravo
@StittforGov Sounds like you have it all down pretty well Governor. I dont think youll be needing my help but Ill give you all of my support in your new office as Governor of Oklahoma and I welcome the change with open arms
@StittforGov True
@StittforGov Amen
@kfor Lk
@StittforGov Thank you for your service. Very glad to have you on board.
https://t.co/aEKZfoKiXj
Lk
@kfor Bravo
Lk
Lk
@VisitOKC Your welcome
@lindelfields @StittforGov @mattpinnell Thank you Governor
@GlobeOpinion I dont own a puffy coat. Lisa burglarized our room tore Alberts down the seams and stole mine
https://t.co/BrUtDmN3Cl
Lk
Circus
https://t.co/04PbdnszkV
https://t.co/AaB5K9FrE8
https://t.co/BIyeoeVpIP
https://t.co/Cx5XoRoP4R
https://t.co/IOFxLVIEMP
https://t.co/w7gLLSgxdK
https://t.co/vghCgwUI9G
https://t.co/Nfdb0vgTxv
https://t.co/S8wlRbz1za
https://t.co/AL43X0p0J9
https://t.co/u6JGrGY4Qy
https://t.co/18IOCwX1i4
https://t.co/0T9TOQgHTE
https://t.co/9ckaul7T4l
https://t.co/QPtnNtjhUS
https://t.co/PlzHe4iBRY
https://t.co/2EBnhyjo35
https://t.co/USONiiZusc
https://t.co/0tgZJG9DdC
https://t.co/uyzRXrfn5f
https://t.co/iubLeagSXB
https://t.co/MVWU6BqSMg
https://t.co/ltJ6iE1A6J
https://t.co/OA5V7zPfh0
https://t.co/ZcGgotizPO
https://t.co/r5c6QPpcuF
https://t.co/G76K3y1DAe
https://t.co/78dmvjqrzb
A damn circus
Its a circus
https://t.co/rreC8qzWXi
https://t.co/Dao0dvkCge
Veronica https://t.co/cZf8ay8ky7
https://t.co/fTw99zd13O
https://t.co/Q0d93fV2lx
No one was here when I arrived
In the waiting room
Ive been here over two hours
I dont care why or who just give them back
Dont tell me you didnt steal them Sam because you did through Allison and Latressa
Omg they are using the name Freeman
I can die very painfully over simple medicine
You stole my meds Sam. Give them back now
Sick humans
Even the grandma is here
https://t.co/QDIdduUY36
For Lisa Presleys sick desires to kill inhumanely and cowardly
So important for the Stones to murder someone daily cowardly
https://t.co/EpjNvVRV23
https://t.co/M0qeN76Owo
https://t.co/MwKZjcET4R
Big circus of conspiracies
Now we have cops here
https://t.co/De3GItmSdC
https://t.co/w9feotviCx
https://t.co/sW13RHid6w
https://t.co/fJ3GSYCy5W
https://t.co/C66ViWAD5m
https://t.co/sKVH8F0RKV
https://t.co/YkYannjsX0
https://t.co/SyVsXmLGjq
https://t.co/zne3dkTiW2
https://t.co/fzSlMAoV9b
Its a big joke and will remain rhis way until Lisa Presley is given a consequence
Been
Just me and still have not bern brought back
No one was here when I arrived
https://t.co/wVzZGzrCoR
https://t.co/Q0sDN87zD3
Lk
Very uncomfortable. Been here over an hour still in waiting room
@maureendowd @julianzelizer Lk
@maureendowd @julianzelizer No I think men will find if the fruit is not matching thier tree then it didnt fall from them at all
https://t.co/9nzmSlgcqS
https://t.co/vpppTaev4g
https://t.co/toEl9YVX3Y
https://t.co/QCrgTmeGfM
https://t.co/IX7uyqiPvq
https://t.co/2ca2nNe0M1
https://t.co/yQpPVWSMoi
https://t.co/rpdUI6xZ7j
Hes a dirty cop. A married dirty cop
3 years ago .Lisa and her lover cop stalking us at our home at the Biltmore hotel
https://t.co/atUVje47QS
Lisa and her lover cop three years ago at the Biltmore Hotel
Lk
Lk
You people better understand its best her father disciplines her before the world does because shes murdered even babies
When they interfere with my medical its called first degree murder
Lisas married lover
This is the cop up here parked https://t.co/I7GV5A890q
Also small silver car pulled into our home this morning. Two African males gettting a weapon out of the trunk parked in the front parking area
https://t.co/boPo3tFO7D
Thats her sister follpwing me this morning https://t.co/yDVLWPwFFx
Thats her cop lovers car
Lk
Trying to get seen at the Baptist Hospital without Lisa Presleys interference Dad
https://t.co/z74QI9bcag
https://t.co/qryXevNk7j
https://t.co/muWLMM5VdJ
I come from the heart not the memory
Lk
Stop Sam. I said your ok. If I say it I mean it. Id never ask you to do what you cannot do and I can name a million of those requests you cant do. These are simple. Easy yet will change a million lives. Ok? Ok now Im in pain but Im here if you need me
Then Ill be ok 2
Hugs
Hurting badly Sam. Your ok. Just do the simple things I asked of you and youll be ok
We are up. Hurting right now
Good Night
Im not depressed Maria. Im sick. Ive been waiting years for Sam to disipline his daughter and Donald so I can get proper medical attention thats all
Ambulance left. Not sure whats up
Not sure whats up sir Paul
Ambulance here
Ambulance is here
Lk
His heart is happier in life if he knows I care about him for some reasons unknown. So why is it that it bothers some so for him to be happy?
Human
Sam is a himan bieng entitled to respect and love just as anyone else in the world at this living era. Sad part is everytime he gets any someone wants to steal it away from him
@lizae28 @julianzelizer @KevinMKruse @PoliticsProse Well first of all Im a Kennedy worrior and second of all this is reality not a show
@CharlesHaleyHoF Thanks
Just woke up. Fell asleep
Donald just had lunch with her next door at the Seafood place. Thats not what I call discipline and he has to use a tiny ladder to crawl in the truck so how would he like doing without his meds? Hes a bad diabetic
Remember?
Lisa played pharmacist again
Yeah I hurt. They stole my antibiotics and refused my heart meds at the pharmacy
https://t.co/ybYnHqbyrQ
https://t.co/ZmA9omOcic
https://t.co/sXIA3uyOSJ
https://t.co/bHhenaptxg
https://t.co/RVHZGIfoDe
Too cold sir Paul. Leaving the area Dad
https://t.co/GYZhvDHgZN
I am doing my best
Sir Paul is one of the richest men in the world yet cannot stop Sam
After Feb 7 maybe my father can but more can die before then
Not Gina. Gina cant do jack shit unless Sam oks it
Not Donald. Donald cant do shit unless Sam oks it
K
Right now hes the only one who can dish out a consequence to stop Lisa from murdering more humans cowardly
You dont know what I know nor do I have enough breath left to explain about Sam
Lk
We have forces against us because Sam hasnt given out proper consequences yet
Im ok. Trying to get my meds back
Shes sick she cant stop
https://t.co/iNIkvQqJPU
https://t.co/UKiY4znktt
Sam will reopen the government
K
I am torn between my feelings for Sam and my instincts to survive and protect my own against him or any other predators
@mkraju @julianzelizer The FBI has been infiltrated thats all I can say
I dont know
Im not God. I dont know how long of a consequence Lisa needs to learn her lesson about taking innocent lives cowardly
And that ones forgivable when I see you try
Lk
Yes Sam I can forgive all your sins except for the biggest. You not stopping this insanity when you can
@ChrisCuomo Lk
@ChrisCuomo Thats the least of Trumps worries .You see there is no Trump there's Donald Ray Smith convicted Drunk Driver and Child molester so it would behoove him to stop his bullhorn as I said
I aint dead yet
Do whats right and things will go your way
Shut up Sam. Im not dead
https://t.co/KZ1ipIRNDO
@realNDWalsch Lk
@realNDWalsch Theres no room for emotions when your a leader. You must put those aside to do whats right
It would behoove him to grant my simple requests
Lk
One thing you can be 100% sure of father is I know what Sam has and has not done
Open up my government Sam
Lisa did all that on her own
Lk
Sam was involved in the political conspiracies I do know that but not in the senseless murders cowardly of others and children
Lk
Sam didnt murder any of those people and nor did he order it to be done. Lisa Presley acted on her own free will and accordance with her own lack of respect of life or law
I never said you killed anyone Sam . I said you might as well be doing it by not giving her a consequence
Behind my back
Lk
She destroyed my life and my health Feb 4 2017 very cowardly and inhumanely on jail cameras while my arms and hands were cuffed begind my back all day long inside the Purcell Okla jail facility
We will not move on until you open my government Sam and give Lisa Presley her consequence
Lk
Lk
https://t.co/OUP8ntVgmn
@joshtpm @julianzelizer Not as damaging as the photo I have of Mike Stone in Russia
Lk
https://t.co/xxUtKH2p0V
https://t.co/qa20Z6wxW3
https://t.co/Tg1xTZM684
https://t.co/qswfH089hn
Lk
https://t.co/ZYBo0HmNqI
Im sick you stole my meds and I cant even dial 911
https://t.co/pZkr7kXWak
https://t.co/IuMeV0ZBW8
https://t.co/AfMrZ2VZZZ
https://t.co/sXHDfQfl1p
https://t.co/z3X0if8Hbp
https://t.co/UWXCRPBqJn
https://t.co/04hyX30uMt
https://t.co/IgkTtKToLj
https://t.co/Ikjvt6jf4d
https://t.co/UsvSKrOcWW
https://t.co/E4Kjjg5pic
https://t.co/oOXJTnRLZN
https://t.co/adsmVT6PlI
https://t.co/XZGAzfgiPm
https://t.co/L6Miz6rJPp
https://t.co/ONJ0c8hhQK
https://t.co/SDeL06N9LX
https://t.co/K4f3ixG3cV
https://t.co/8SLySYHXgf
https://t.co/DgYt5QxmE8
https://t.co/isdjHy7Xf9
https://t.co/nmfZxXKVaG
https://t.co/aSJqxjfjCi
https://t.co/UHHKfYeEKm
Open up my government and give Lisa Presley a consequence
https://t.co/ORZxZVLoCs
https://t.co/xVFyWqtw1n
https://t.co/p0qoc6ZF7C
https://t.co/SrllGkxhYL
https://t.co/mXy6V9rU7H
https://t.co/vbnrttGiZ0
https://t.co/45IzRfZ1cA
https://t.co/HAFfTwDUhD
https://t.co/R92afTlD6D
https://t.co/ZvaGtELc0C
https://t.co/fNdjjUHi0Z
https://t.co/sG5VYcXI5R
https://t.co/VQq9zIW4ie
https://t.co/PbG5z7JNBt
https://t.co/WaPke4wMni
https://t.co/mSurFCs0Bk
https://t.co/NOJsgUnbHH
https://t.co/TFsRWDmnTQ
https://t.co/8psgcOFMQp
https://t.co/5GltAxd5cw
https://t.co/dxxq1WM3Pg
https://t.co/9a0etXUVsI
https://t.co/pIkoTUqpK2
https://t.co/GQiuAWEbdR
https://t.co/wCJvZtwVbN
https://t.co/fRIuzrEL9N
https://t.co/SPw2oTsygO
https://t.co/DGhkYBHzZV
https://t.co/lsVgA9F5gw
https://t.co/ZSNo3IhSG0
https://t.co/B4YeaqGE7P
https://t.co/dxCq7RwHAD
https://t.co/rKGduPDnhD
https://t.co/auU8lW7BuE
https://t.co/I45fRxftEX
https://t.co/oqe98s5jaT
https://t.co/WfS3JLE3vS
https://t.co/zTwc1alLTr
https://t.co/7GuoBaHj3G
https://t.co/htzI0NjhoZ
https://t.co/l974MNaFx2
https://t.co/e3rSxnaF5o
https://t.co/XiIj91iNS7
https://t.co/32Z7Yd19OV
https://t.co/C2StXjHyxf
https://t.co/EqITRvRmoK
https://t.co/Zxf8VF0qvz
https://t.co/cx88hvSIUR
https://t.co/ZXTYOHW1aM
https://t.co/3r4hFTPHmd
https://t.co/v3wPowoaWH
https://t.co/TrSoCKsGSn
https://t.co/FmvI5yywRN
https://t.co/V04vqLgdWV
https://t.co/kwULA0FRlb
https://t.co/bx8xqXAFIg
https://t.co/AwY7RKLc2v
https://t.co/jGGKuyBSHQ
https://t.co/y44QXZShJg
https://t.co/pD3iJP5oql
https://t.co/w6ZOWmcOQu
https://t.co/DoVEHL8SBb
https://t.co/6tbfhKxJVu
https://t.co/q0hHSB5iVT
https://t.co/W2scz0Flwo
https://t.co/bxaAJhc2WG
https://t.co/5FVuiH4vig
https://t.co/RxCzOfRMsA
https://t.co/U2TdUMlQW4
https://t.co/Z104Jd226n
https://t.co/fxsF8HEQw5
https://t.co/lIOTkWyBoJ
https://t.co/HkOLExRpJS
https://t.co/rk7l8O9aPi
https://t.co/p28rtmAMTQ
https://t.co/FfoC1ue2xF
https://t.co/361ooYRT8w
https://t.co/hChkyanRJ0
https://t.co/XmIgoGaswF
https://t.co/jYtpayBg7R
https://t.co/BqjF89K9TU
https://t.co/xxfOO5nisr
https://t.co/rYSy9F4vYa
https://t.co/0FF3IdHJaO
https://t.co/9vY93MH0wu
https://t.co/aqsU53JSjf
https://t.co/xFd0jzwknF
https://t.co/aSY6T783Yi
https://t.co/Pi2cwtSZXo
https://t.co/uCnWz2Hl0H
https://t.co/SuA6hvCaM2
https://t.co/P9f6HxS6uZ
https://t.co/24EqYlWQv4
https://t.co/31oFoNHIBt
https://t.co/cjS1a1dRqq
Hurting
Lk
Just woke not feeling well
https://t.co/IUuv9ezzS7
https://t.co/2WdYUBX4F4
https://t.co/UGAeupwcHB
Been sleeping
EEL-694 okla tags Lisa sent a man in just now to rent a room
https://t.co/8wthcn95MW
https://t.co/s6xGAstWOh
In my room
In my room now Dad
https://t.co/Wtz1NK2nYE
Lk
https://t.co/K2NW7tZJp8
https://t.co/kUuk1jbUJd
https://t.co/U2YmmOQQfe
https://t.co/ggZnXGNBK5
https://t.co/AJXT4YcAtI
https://t.co/zdcIwA8ktt
https://t.co/fjZAPfXM1Z
https://t.co/SAAkfhPKXD
https://t.co/PbZZTgZB7W
https://t.co/oEV1JkWvhS
https://t.co/fJzHUanSNN
https://t.co/QGbewTdjHk
https://t.co/XeCBMq1Ya7
https://t.co/lItXAQ0u2Z
https://t.co/LTqTVm4jcm
https://t.co/yAykzsUhEP
There are still so many more who are not bieng returned. Mostly from New Orleans
@OKCFOX Lk
@OKCFOX Im glad I could help her get home but her parents are still dead and no one will get real justice.
https://t.co/XenRqKR46U
https://t.co/VfSO5GC5Rz
Love my Dad 2
Lk
Love you 2 sir Paul and sir Ringo
It wont change the fact that they tried to jail and kill Hilary to win the election but it will stop all this insanity and drama daily
Lk
Well when Donald and Paul Shaeffer realize its easier to give Lisa Presley a consequence than killing more innocent people things will change
@ringostarrmusic Peace and love
https://t.co/sFyeK6TtB7
https://t.co/IwLFzESif2
https://t.co/9b2PU2p6Mz
https://t.co/MZ6dDWWD5B
https://t.co/sqm0CUWXke
https://t.co/R6jKavyXUP
https://t.co/wOYR94vfMe
https://t.co/zwJUoeRU0k
https://t.co/4sC4GyMDnU
https://t.co/jNkcXDCSYA
https://t.co/utPma4tomg
https://t.co/jg6BA1KXhk
https://t.co/FRIFeXHeCR
https://t.co/mBm0FYkQde
https://t.co/qOH3mjPulj
https://t.co/0SYoA6k1FI
https://t.co/4vGCfMgHXP
https://t.co/UamBqBF1rx
https://t.co/lHYlkx5KCK
Its cold and wet today
We are at the suite
https://t.co/BTI1vUercg
https://t.co/9vYvWykj7E
https://t.co/IhjsTz4Ldw
https://t.co/F4tT77farB
https://t.co/uLEtTogGLi
https://t.co/vdwEATYYzU
https://t.co/RmmE8L9X2R
https://t.co/zUGgmUCEIz
https://t.co/EWPn4GGlkg
https://t.co/ZREC8qUorq
https://t.co/Xutt8pepSS
https://t.co/zjQORCdTx2
https://t.co/8kY12AY1Mk
https://t.co/TTRHfguMrj
https://t.co/uBtEW63eWR
https://t.co/8RgPgC8Ng9
https://t.co/yd74JtzaFu
https://t.co/x7DhpwdX0J
https://t.co/FJZ0LKZPtM
https://t.co/JJWhesvBab
https://t.co/fisb6x7gYm
https://t.co/upKtTdPHSY
https://t.co/wCKo7vH0KM
https://t.co/g7oquPiWvy
https://t.co/LgX3ekkqyZ
https://t.co/ZUKfHAT8y6
https://t.co/6IrxahnenA
https://t.co/MY32yynvAx
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
@Kennedy02288558 Lk
https://t.co/BG9EZiZmdE