RT @elonmusk: Entropy is the ultimate boss battle https://t.co/myaFKoiHZb
We have enough resources to nourish everyone around the world. It’s mostly just a logistical and financial nightmare. We need to educate people around the world about water purification, sanitation, and subsistence farming.
@mykidsmyfight Not to mention the more recent incidents which have ultimately resulted in millions of people either displaced or killed around the world. We are better than this. We are not savages
@mykidsmyfight There have been many dark stains on the fabric that this nation was built with. We exploited African slaves, virtually erased the population and subsequently destroyed and or stole all of their culture, lands, customs, and ceremonial sites.
@mykidsmyfight TOGETHER we can accomplish anything!! We just need the vision, the planning, and the execution. Let’s “Make America better than its ever been” not “great again” we, as a country, need to recognize that has not always been “great” for everyone.
@_SarahTess @HowardSchultz Peace is the only way to achieve global security and sustainability ✌🏼
Tell me how we can make this country better, together
RT @HowardSchultz: I love our country, and I am seriously considering running for president as a centrist independent.
Imagine a scenario where we slowly started to ship troops back to the states and used their skills and expertise to secure our border more, install means to collect renewable energy, etc
I am 100% for a strong defense of our Nation. I would love to see less of our troops stationed around the world, and more troops home with their families
It keeps us safe, but at a heavy cost. Both financial cost to the American taxpayer and then to the American government (who must borrow money to stay afloat) and keep conflicts going, all in an effort to keep profits high among the military industrial complex.
This comes with a few hiccups. We inadvertently impose our culture and capitalism upon varying people’s around the world. We also bring our military with us around the world to ensure “security”
Thirdly, America has done a pretty spectacular job in keeping the peace around the world (with obvious exceptions), but in my opinion we have taken a global leadership role in the preservation of democracy world-wide.
Thank you @elonmusk for assisting in this crisis! You are truly an amazing person and have propelled this country into the future
Secondly, every American (in my opinion) has a fundamental right to clean and safe air and water. Flint,  Michigan has been and continues to be a dirty stain on the reputation of our abilities to take care of our citizens
Firstly, we are too rich of a nation to have homelessness, poverty, hunger and thirst.
RT @HowardSchultz: In today’s USA Today op-ed, I write about the many people we all know “who feel frustrated and ignored because the party…
RT @HowardSchultz: What kind of country do we want to live in? My thoughts this morning on @theview. 	https://t.co/ZKrcTM8gbw
Let’s eliminate the fighting and find a moderate solution https://t.co/kWsYztO9ng
I, not Howard Schultz, approve this message https://t.co/ZGNZmiiNgT
@justfara I would personally work with senate and Congress to find a sloutuon that works for everyone. Especially by streamlining processes and improving the overall efficiency of the government as a whole
@justfara I would love to see more funding allocated to education. Teachers are under-paid for the amazing work they do!
@Jhbrownlee Yes sir! Howard 4 prez
I should have run for office in 2016 https://t.co/T6dg0bPb9k
@Gabriel_Espana No problem!! Trying to get Howard in office in 2020 😊
I just want to make the world a better place.
If you have any questions about my policies, feel free to ask me on Twitter, for the world to see 🌎🌍🌏
Let’s find middle ground and giver every American a voice in this next election
One vote at a time.
We can change the world together
In order to accomplish a greater level of freedom and prosperity than has ever been seen
Who is able to see past the bipartisanship
Our nation is ready for an independent leader
We gonna win 2020.