https://t.co/9J8NAdh465
Time to play nice.
#JusticeforMarisol
@HarvardBiz The pursuit of freedom, love, useful contributions, and meaningful connections with other people.
#Justice for Marisol!	Feb. 15 is fast approaching. Let's make this happen for a special woman who deserves a shot at a wonderful life.
Resume the negotiations!
Nope, I was used. I was a dupe on two sides.
I was just the start.
Allie Bye
Heads or tails: it's all the same to you. So why not let something good prevail?
Just asking the world for a chance to set things right.	I think the Universe has made a BIG mistake about me.
Please watch over me! I beg you all!
Let the sufferings end!
https://t.co/vUbgXogZRS
I really need my phone!
Surely, somebody wants to hire me on for some info!
I'm pretty mainstream. I'm pretty bland. I'm pretty average. I'm pretty dull. But I might be of interest to some of you.
Let's meet.
@CalebJHull @SebGorka Black face and KKK are inexcusable.
@realDonaldTrump It's never too late to forgive some people. Some people do unforgivable things, that is true. But others stumble into error by accident. Is that so unforgivable?
It can't all be hawks!
Where are all the doves?
Please involve me in something else. Anything but this.
@realDonaldTrump And please give Marisol Renteria Martinez a chance in this great country of ours. She is a remarkable woman and she deserves many wonderful opportunities in life. I promised to make something happen for her by Feb. 15. I don't know how else to do this without you
@realDonaldTrump Dear Mr. Trump,	Please spare me. Please pardon me. I know you're aware of me. I'm asking for you help. I can be of great assistance to you and yours.
Please have someone get in contact with me and talk directly.	We can work something out. I just always want to do what's right. I want to stay safe and keep my family and loved ones safe.
Please spare me. I'm not your guy.
There must be another way.	Let me volunteer.	Let me do good in this world.	Let me promote peace and joy and happiness.
@Reuters I'm all in favor of civil rights.
@Joyce_Karam @SaraCarterDC @BaxtiyarGoran I know nothing about this story, but I sincerely hope the man did not spread any bigotry.
@guardian Stage fright will lead me to cardiac arrest.
I've always tried to be a good boy, perhaps a bit too curious, and too trusting. I need a mentor. I can be as effective as the next man.
I'm naive and green behind the ears, but I'm not stupid.
Let me help. I just want to help. Help, help, help.
@TEDTalks It's a long road to change people's deep prejudices. But it CAN be done.
I could be a valuable tool.
I'd no idea anyone on this planet ever took notice of me. It's all surreal.
@TEDTalks I agree.
I never meant to cause anyone any disruptions or inconveniences. I had no idea what the rules of the game were. For God's sake, have some pity.
I didn't even know what was happening!
How the hell was I supposed to know!?
I'm just a wise-ass. Never meant any harm to anyone.
You've got me wrong. You've got the wrong guy.
There must be something I can do.
What can I do?
What you have seen so far was just a facade.
The thing is, you would all like me if you got to know the real me.
Is there no one watching out for me?
Is there no hope?
World, heal me, protect me, save me.
I'm very sad tonight. I'm asking everyone to pray for me and hope for all the best things in life. Please keep strong. I hope that those who don't like me will turn around their thinking and learn that I mean no harm.
All the same, I vowed to hold my tongue.
I beg you all not to do it. I beg you all to make use of my skills for the good.
It could all be a happy story, not a tragedy. There is too much tragedy in this world. Love one another.
Please make happy news.
Please don't..
Please don't.
I beseech you to consider that you may have the wrong man for your job.
How else can I entreat the world? I'm out of ideas.
I have no pretensions to power or vast riches. I'm just a common man who would like to enjoy a few of life's enjoyments and be of some use to those who might find a use for me.
All I've ever been was a nice guy who was curious about learning as much about the world as he could.
I need your help.	And you need my help.	Give time to negotiate an agreement.
I favor the Open Society.	You all have me wrong.
I just want to help.
Why?
All I ever wanted was a quiet life.
Please spare me, O mysterious universe.
I only wish to do good things.
I don't know how else to get through. I beg all that is good in this world to please consider that you have things wrong. Please do kindness to one another.
I've had a terribly rough month. No more, I beg! I want to be a force for good in this world.
I wish to sit down with someone and talk things out. It helps.
Please give Marisol a chance in this country.
Please give me something I can do.
Give me a good option, O great universe!
What does the world want me to do? I want to help.
I have no e-mail, I have no phone, I have no means of contact but Twitter.	Please give options.
I'm trying to play ball. I'm frightened.
How to fix it?
@marcorubio I think you have the wrong idea.
I have no other means of communicating right now.	Please tell me there's another way.
I mean NO harm.
I beg the world to show me the way. I just need education, nothing more.
Then show me the way.
I want to help you all.
@Reuters I'm a team player.
Give peace a chance.
@SkyNews Not yet
I have no other means of communicating.
Let's play ball, people.
Dear Everyone,	Keep me safe this weekend and every weekend hereafter. I want to be of use and service to the world.
https://t.co/YYK7zIqZ93
https://t.co/7gZSiKVu7b
https://t.co/gtL0UkiWfR
@realDonaldTrump I believe you know who I am. I could be a powerful ally, despite my disagreement with some of your policies. Please let some good people pass the border before the Feb. 15 deadline. I would like to meet you and discuss.
Now listening to a lovely oboe piece by Ennio Morricone from the Mission.
I love the world more than words can say.
There is never any need to cause harm to anyone, especially those who wish to help.
To everyone out there, I can be of great value; much more alive than dead. :) I hope you realize that soon. There are others like me too.
I had a wonderful meeting today with a compassionate woman. I hope everything will be okay for me.
In the wake of some disturbing news lately, I want to be clear that I for one whole-heartedly denounce all forms of bigotry and racism. Love one another!
Save me.
Help me help you.
How can I get my phone back? I feel totally cut off from the world. I want to be a team player, but it's very difficult to do so with the limited means at my disposal.
Please show me a sign of good faith. I need my phone and I need to help a special person get across the border into the U.S. Can anyone help me?
Never poach animals! https://t.co/Gggk6cmUe1
I'm hopeful and thankful that people can live very long productive lives even under extreme adversity.
It's not always easy to be a team player. But you have to keep trying even when the odds appear against you.
Let our wonderful talented Mexican brothers and sisters in! To hell with Trump's wall.
Always be nice, insofar as it is possible. If it is not, then show your teeth.
How to earn the respect of those who have it in for you? Any thoughts?
@MUludasdemir My dear friend! It has been far too long since we have been in touch! Much peace and happiness to you. I look forward to getting caught up with you!
I'm a lover, not a fighter.
I don't mean to be a smart alek; I just want to save my skin.
I can be quite charming when I need to be.
If someone's looking out for me, please help.
I can be a team player. Not here to upset anyone's apple cart.
Support Mexico!
I think the world is beginning to realize how truly valuable I can be.
I have stared death in the face far too often lately. He didn't like it much. Nor did I. Let's keep him at bay for as long as possible. So much beauty in this life.
I know how to ferret out subversive information. Let me put my skills to use.
How does one redeem himself when he finds himself under extreme duress?
I desperately want to help the cause, but I have trouble trusting bullies.
Perhaps I have nothing to fear but fear itself.
You can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar.
I want to play ball with my detractors. Please let me help you. Be kind.
To my enemies: back off, or there will be hell to pay.
I'm a clever rabbit.
Nothing will make me spill.
Everyone can count on me.
I will not take the bait.
How to reason with people who don't want to reason. I have something to offer everyone. When will my friends and adversaries recognize this? #No more hate!
The Patriots must lose.
My lips are sealed. But my enemies must start to play fair with me.
Sadly, sometimes it IS possible to know too much. https://t.co/YSwvTrvj1c
https://t.co/cSoi6WlDdv
Time to pull out of Afghanistan once and for all. The "Taliban" seeks peace and wishes to enjoy a quiet life without interference from above.
End the WITCH hunt! Open the border to those who deserve a chance at a better life.
I'm not a fan of yours, Donald. But I'm asking you for your pardon. You know who I am.
@richardbranson Please help me, Sir Richard. I can be of great use to such a man as yourself. I've been taking too much heat lately. I need someone to put a good work in for me. I can keep my silence, but I need my detractors to back off. I'm sure you know what is up.
Time to knock down walls, not build them.
Trump should seriously consider letting the dreamers in! Give our Mexican brothers and sisters a chance at a better life here in the US!
Trump, in Interview, Calls Wall Talks ‘Waste of Time’ and Dismisses Investigations https://t.co/JvwEH3uCbt
Last time I was in Leamington Spa I enjoyed some delicious biscuits. I recommend, but beware Mr. Crowley.
David Bowie was remarkable, but there was more than meets his eyes.
I can tolerate people's games so long as they don't affect me or my loved ones personally.
Never in my life have I been a threat to anyone. I vow to continue not to be a threat, but I demand that the bullies around me please stand down at once. I know you have the power to heal me. I can be of great use to you.
I can tolerate people's games so long as they don't affect me of my loved ones personally.
End bullying now ... at ALL levels!
No more threats! You catch more flies with honey than vinegar.
I enjoy the world of ideas.	I renounce all forms of bigotry and sectarianism.	I love the human race.	I support social justice causes.	I believe in the brotherhood of all mankind.	I renounce any form of violence. 	I want the world to know who and what I am: a man who loves.
I wish only to be a free man.
I reveal only information that is already available to you all.	No secrets!
Shakespeare or Shakspeare?	Shakespeare, in my humble opinion, was a poet ape. Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford, Sir Francis Bacon, Henry Neville, and Christopher Marlowe had far more skill.
I really, really, really want to be a team player.
1864 + 48 + 48	Ethel Lilian Boole Voynich was once my hero.
Quoth the raven nevermore.
One of my favorite dates in history: "1767".
I trust that Providence will watch over me.
What is the Yanks who fired the first shot, or was it the 29th regiment? Question everything? #Boston Massacre
I'm a team player, but my team doesn't want me.
How tall is Mt. Everest, really?
I'm trying to play ball, but I keep getting double crossed.
Lies are being told about me. Don't believe them.
Nothing is real
I need help