RT @CQnow: House Bills Would Revisit Regulation of Cryptocurrencies $ https://t.co/XO2btxuW1B @chrismmarquette https://t.co/sQVfeueFhY
https://t.co/NvdCUgPqT8
RT @LauraEWeiss16: For @CQnow's special State of the States issue, I talked to @GovLarryHogan about the Republican Party, what he believes…
Clayton has also expressed his interest in changing the all-or-nothing wealth test.
"I would try to increase the measures of sophistication and move it beyond just wealth income," @HesterPeirce said.
Someone with a net worth of $1 million, excluding the value of their primary residence, also qualifies. Private companies, under Rule 506(b), can sell securities to an unlimited number of accredited investors in private placements but only can sell to 35 non-accredited investors.
Private placements are subject to less regulatory scrutiny and can mostly only be offered to or bought by accredited investors with an annual income of $200,000 or $300,000, when combined with a spouse, in each of the previous two years.
"I'd love it if we did," she said. "I'd love to eliminate the standard altogether, but I don't think that's going to happen."
Currently, there is a wealth test—the accredited investor requirement— that precludes the majority of retail investors from investing in companies before they go public. @HesterPeirce said she wants the definition repealed.
Clayton in December voiced his interest in expanding the pool of those who can participate in the private placement markets to more retail investors.
Peirce, speaking to reporters on Tuesday asked what she's been discussing with SEC Chairman Jay Clayton, following an event at @BPC_Bipartisan, said accredited investor limits are a consistent topic of interest for her.
There's a lot of interest at the SEC in broadening the definition of what constitutes an accredited investor, meaning more ordinary investors could gain access to investments reserved for the wealthy, according to agency Commissioner @HesterPeirce: https://t.co/SMscIjmrdg
Commissioner Robert J. Jackson Jr., a Democrat, has expressed concern that the SEC isn't sufficiently examining data required by Form PF and that systemic risk could be moving to private funds.
Although Peirce would like the form eliminated, she said the SEC should at least make use of the data it requires.		"I  think that we need to think more carefully about what information we're  collecting ... we need to use the information that we get," @HesterPeirce said.
The Managed Funds Association wants regulators to consider a safe harbor that would let a firm be registered with both the SEC and CFTC and get substituted compliance from one regulator for meeting similar regulations of the other, primary regulator.
"From my view, the systemic risk mandate of private funds needs to really be calibrated to an existential threat that it could cause to the financial system," Quintenz said, adding that some parts of Form PF are more academic and not geared toward disclosure and examinations.
.@HesterPeirce and @CFTCquintenz argued that the $1.5 billion threshold is too low because a fund at that level would not pose a systemic risk.
Large Private Fund Advisers, as they are called in Form PF, must complete additional components of the form if they have at least $1.5 billion in regulatory assets under management attributable to hedge funds.
"If I were running the world, there wouldn't be a Form PF, but Congress has asked us to do it, so Congress is much closer to running the world than I am, so I listen to what Congress says," @HesterPeirce said
The SEC and CFTC are expected to use the information collected on regulatory programs, including examinations and investigations. The form has been required for private advisers managing at least $150 million since 2012.
Form PF was required by Dodd-Frank as part of the response to the financial crisis of 2008. It was created to provide the Financial Stability Oversight Council, a group of top U.S. financial regulators, with information to assess systemic risk in private funds.
The event was put on in conjunction with the Managed Funds Association, an interest group that has been actively lobbying to reduce the regulatory requirements of Form PF.
The Republican regulators said Tuesday at @BPC_Bipartisan that they want to substantially reduce the requirements of a Dodd-Frank mandate, Form PF, that seeks to assess systemic risk in private funds.
SEC's @HesterPeirce , CFTC's @CFTCquintenz seek private fund disclosure break: https://t.co/8sCC3C8htK
RT @wendyrsherman: Frank Robinson died today. My dad, who courageously rented and sold houses to anyone before any open housing laws, got a…
.@SenatorMenendez's bill is #S360.
Sens. @CoryBooker @SenKamalaHarris who are vying to be the Democratic nominee for president in 2020, are cosponsoring the bill.
In a 2017 Corporate Diversity Survey, @SenatorMenendez said his office found that 37.7 percent of the participating companies included numeric targets for diversity at the executive levels and that 11.5 percent of companies set specific targets to recruit diverse board candidates
"This bill provides a way forward to promote transparency in corporate  America, while highlighting the need for further accountability by  companies like the Fortune 100s I have surveyed in the past," said the bill's sponsor in the Senate, @SenatorMenendez.
The @USChamber and the @CouncilInstInv expressed their support for the House version, #HR1018 introduced by @RepGregoryMeeks.
It would require companies to file an annual report in any proxy statement and any information statement concerning data based on voluntary self-identification related to the racial, gender, veteran and ethnic composition of executives.
The Improving Corporate Governance Through Diversity Act of 2019 would  amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Legislation introduced Feb. 6 by Democrats in the House and Senate that would require public companies to disclose the gender, race, ethnicity and veteran status of board directors and executives is winning support from the business community: https://t.co/HIwe3RhoIp
RT @HesterPeirce: I look forward to working with you @SECJackson to open the doors to innovation, but we're not a merit regulator issuing s…
This story has already been published. The Feb. 11 date was an error. https://t.co/B5mcSZn0zP
RT @rollcall: Approval for trading among the general public would be a milestone for cryptocurrencies, which regulators have been wary of i…
RT @CQnow: SEC's Jackson Sees Path to Cryptocurrency-Based Funds $ https://t.co/UNUIZDVXo9 @chrismmarquette https://t.co/U6d8Id6BzG
SEC's Clayton says agency working on getting back to normal operations: https://t.co/CyQNY7wtpl
RT @CQnow: McHenry Urges Financial Services Panel to Hold Fintech Hearings ($) https://t.co/ceCLuMK9iW @chrismmarquette https://t.co/Q8xq6v…
.@RepMaxineWaters said in her first policy speech as chairwoman on Jan. 16 that her priority in regulating fintech is to ensure that consumers are protected.
The two have already joined forces in the short congressional session that began this month, jointly introducing legislation #HR624 that would reduce corporate executives’ ability to cash in their shares in a way that some consider insider trading.
“These hearings will be vital to helping ensure the strength and stability of the U.S. financial system and the global competitiveness of  American job creators," @PatrickMcHenry said.
.@McHenry, in a letter Tuesday to the committee’s new chairwoman, @RepMaxineWaters, requested a dozen hearings on “critical areas” that the panel should prioritize, including hearings focused on potential threats that emerging technologies pose and benefits they offer.
.@PatrickMcHenry Urges Financial Services Panel to Hold Fintech Hearings: https://t.co/ZSFGLkhYLn
RT @tobyzakaria: In my experience in Washington, watch for when it goes quiet and people aren't loudly yelling at each other, that's the bi…
A depleted SEC staff, unable to answer no-action letters from companies due to the partial federal government shutdown, could pose issues for companies looking for agency approval on decisions to exclude shareholder proposals from their proxy statements: https://t.co/HdTBIUZSan
The Financial Institutions and Consumer Protection Subcommittee will be  led by @SenatorTimScott, while Democratic presidential candidate @SenWarren, who holds the title of ranking Democrat on the panel, will be the minority's top member, the same post she held last Congress.
.@SenToomey, @ChrisVanHollen to lead Senate Banking subpanel on securities: https://t.co/YkF03A4vCJ
“It should be a top priority for regulators to ensure clear guidelines and robust enforcement of illicit activities, such as insider trading, and this legislation will serve as a driving force to hold regulators and bad actors accountable," @RepMaxineWaters said.
"It would require the SEC to study how to amend its rule to address reported incidents of manipulation, report to Congress, and write rules consistent with the results of the study,” @RepMaxineWaters said in a statement.
The bill would address a provision in SEC Rule 10b5-1 that allows purchases and sales made under contracts, instructions and plans. Company executives avoid insider trading by participating in plans that sell or buy company stock at predetermined times. https://t.co/o7eeLKcdKv
Analysis: SEC May Demand Source Code From Robo-Advisers: https://t.co/saeA8kwqHe
Push intensifies for #cryptocurrency industry to police itself: https://t.co/VA8LemHa0H
.@RepStephenLynch in advocating for tougher enforcement of cryptocurrency misuse, has noted the rise in terrorists using digital assets for criminal enterprises and the case of a Va. resident who used Twitter to give ISIS instructions on how to use bitcoin and mask fund transfers
Another provision is the creation of the Fintech Leadership in Innovation and Financial Intelligence Program, which would disburse grants to U.S.-based academics, companies, nonprofits and others for the development of tools and  programs to detect terrorist use of crypto.
The measure would create a fund to pay a maximum reward of $450,000 for  information that leads to the conviction of a person involved with using  cryptocurrencies for terrorism.
"HR 56 will help put a stop to this trend. We hope to gain on the tremendous ground made in the House last session and find  a way to move HR 56 in the Senate," @RepTedBudd and @RepStephenLynch said.
Budd and cosponsor @RepStephenLynch issued a statement when the bill was re-introduced this session.		"As we move into an increasingly digital and technology-centered world, criminals and terrorists will start to use new technologies that are  available to them," they said.
The measure failed to advance in the Senate, however, and it's unclear whether it would be a priority there.
This panel would conduct independent research on crimes using financial  technologies, develop legislative and regulatory proposals to reduce the crimes and submit an annual report to Congress with findings, determinations and policy recommendations.
The measure would establish an Independent Financial Technology Task Force, to be led by the secretary of the treasury, that would be charged with combating illicit financial crimes and terrorism, including those using digital assets.
The Financial Technology Protection Act #HR56, which easily passed the House in the previous Congress, was introduced on Jan 3. by @RepTedBudd.
A bipartisan bill that would create a #fintech task force to fight terrorism and illicit finance involving #cryptocurrencies could move through the House easily, given past success there: https://t.co/7qMpaS5Lts
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce called on the Securities and Exchange  Commission to write new rules this year to regulate proxy advisory firms such as Glass Lewis &amp; Co. and Institutional Shareholder Services Inc., saying they have too much power: https://t.co/0dzQWStNS1
Investment advice in #bitcoin age may forgo custody of funds: https://t.co/2ZKhJGw7Xh
Mercatus Center calls for computer readable financials at local level: https://t.co/rKNEOAB8FV
Cryptocurrency pump-and-dump schemes call for regulation, academics say: https://t.co/FkcFaqjnj4
RT @davidamichaels: Meet the regulator they call CryptoMom https://t.co/RUP5pq9Vcb
RT @ReutersBiz: JUST IN: Johnson &amp; Johnson shares down 3.7 percent after @Reuters reports company knew for decades about asbestos in its Ba…
Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Jay Clayton said companies  shouldn't be required to follow third-party environmental, social, and governance (ESG) standards to comply with federal securities law: https://t.co/GHAxPyk8Vq
If that's the case, @SenWarren said, the same words should be used for both. Clayton responded the agency might do so.
The fundamental duty for brokers under the proposal is that they can't put  their interests ahead of the client, the same standard, according to Clayton, that applies to investment advisers.
"Your own data show that a lot of investors have no idea what the difference between brokers and investment advisers is, and the legal standards that are  different for each of them," @SenWarren said.
.@SenWarren went on to cite a study by the SEC's Office of the Investor  Advocate released in October, which found that "participant understanding of  types of financial services and financial professionals was low."
Clayton responded saying that the SEC is "pretty clear" on the best interest  standard. But when further pressed by @SenWarren if there is a specific definition for best interest he said "no," and added that there is not a specific definition for investment advisers either.
...the best interest standard for brokers, which is something you don't define."
"So here's where I'm stuck," @SenWarren said. "For the proposal to help  customers make good decisions they need first to understand the difference between a broker and an investment adviser and second, how the fiduciary  standard for investment advisers is different from...
.@SenWarren said the proposal makes it even harder for retail investors to understand the different relationships and legal requirements.
Brokers would have to report their registration status to clients and the rule would prohibit some of them from using the terms "adviser" or "advisor."
The rule package also would require broker-dealers to disclose integral aspects of the relationship to the client, make sure clients understand the products sold to them and remove conflicts of interest spurred by financial gain.
Regulation Best Interest, proposed by the SEC in April, doesn't define what "best interest" is, a concern SEC Commissioners Kara Stein and Hester Peirce shared when the rule was unveiled. Stein said that the rule's ambiguity shields brokers at the expense of retail investors.
Brokers now work under a requirement that the investments they recommend are merely suitable for clients, rather than the stricter fiduciary standards imposed on investment advisers.
.@SenWarren said the best path forward is to take investment advisers' duties of loyalty and care to customers—their fiduciary duty—and apply that to broker-dealers.
.@SenWarren said at a Senate Banking Committee hearing on Tuesday that the  SEC's proposed Regulation Best Interest wouldn't help investors make informed choices. The proposed rule would require broker-dealers to act in the "best interest" of their clients.
Warren challenges SEC's Clayton on best interest proposal for brokers: https://t.co/z5zIiJAtoL
Another measure, The Reward Work Act #S2605, sponsored by @SenatorBaldwin, referred to the Senate Banking Committee in March, would prohibit stock buybacks on national securities exchanges by repealing SEC Rule 10b-18, instead requiring them to be conducted as tender offers.
One bill aimed at buybacks, sponsored by @SenSanders, The Stop Walmart Act #S3640, would outlaw large companies from repurchasing stock unless they pay all employees a minimum of $15 an hour, including those who work part-time, independent contractors, and franchise employees.
Prior to 1982, "share buybacks were virtually non-existent in U.S. equity markets due to regulations aimed at limiting the potential for share price manipulation," research firm MSCI Inc. said in August.
Clayton said more consideration is needed on whether adjusting the rule will have the impact "that the proponents of it would like it to have."
"There are other ways besides open market purchases to reduce the equity outstanding," Clayton said.
"It's not a prohibition on stock buybacks," Clayton said of the rule. "I think people should understand that if 10b-18 were adjusted or other measures were taken, it's not clear to me that that would change the way companies adjust their capital structures."
Asked if he would consider reexamining SEC Rule 10b-18, Clayton said he didn't think addressing the rule would deter companies from repurchasing stock.
Buybacks can be conducted through other avenues, such as tender offers in which shareholders find out prices beforehand and a particular number must agree to sell before the repurchase can occur.
SEC Rule 10b-18, adopted by the agency in 1982, allows companies to  repurchase stock on the open market without running afoul of certain  prohibitions against price manipulation.
"The SEC rule facilitating buybacks was adopted 36 years ago, but  since  then the size, the use, the frequency of stock buybacks has  increased  dramatically…. It's time to question whether it's too easy for  companies to buy back their shares," @SenSherrodBrown added.
"Our economy functioned fine without massive stock buybacks," @SenSherrodBrown said.
General Motors Co., @SenSherrodBrown said, spent over $10 billion in stock buybacks since 2015. Last month, it announced it was laying off  14,000 workers and closing five plants, including one in Ohio.
.@SenSherrodBrown of Ohio, the ranking Democrat on the panel, said an SEC investigation into stock buybacks was missing from the agency's strategic plan.
Buybacks occur when companies repurchase their stock on the open market, a move to increase share prices and reward those who own shares.  Companies such as Kimberly-Clark, PepsiCo Inc., and Wells Fargo &amp;  Co. have bought back stock while simultaneously laying off workers.
Over the first quarter of 2018, companies announced $242.1 billion in stock buybacks.
"The evidence is overwhelming that, in fact, they are using that money for stock buybacks," @ChrisVanHollen said. "We're up to $800 billion in stock buybacks today, since the passage of the bill."
.@ChrisVanHollen said last year's massive corporate tax cut was billed as one that would encourage companies to use this extra money to invest in equipment and wages for workers.
In an appearance before the Senate Banking Committee on Tuesday, Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Jay Clayton refused to commit to hosting a roundtable on stock buybacks when pressed by @ChrisVanHollen of Maryland.
The nation's top securities regulator argued against taking action to curtail corporate stock buybacks after Democratic senators demanded action on the issue: https://t.co/cwezlJyHkf
Regulators are encountering significant hurdles to accessing reliable financial statements of U.S. listed companies based abroad—particularly in China—and if the issues continue, they will take action, according to top officials: https://t.co/zojVuRYNTH
RT @ToddRuger: Floor fight ahead: @TomCottonAR said he plans to bring "lots" of amendments to the floor vote on a criminal justice bill to…
RT @LauraEWeiss16: Civil and human rights activists are pressuring members of Congress to increase diversity among top and mid-level office…
Clayton was not specific on whether the commission is considering these thresholds.		He said the agency is also considering new rules on proxy advisory firms, to mitigate their potential conflicts of interest and add other requirements for these firms.
Legislation #HR5756 in the House, sponsored by @RepSeanDuffy, would raise those levels to 6 percent on the first vote, 15 percent on the second try, and 30 percent on the third.
Currently, shareholder proposals can only be eliminated from proxy ballots if they receive less than 3 percent support in a single vote over the previous five years, 6 percent in the most recent two votes, or 10 percent in three attempts.
She floated the idea of tying ownership to the  length of the holdings, thereby reducing ownership requirements for those who hold securities for the long-term and implementing a fee for filing  proposals.
Maria Ghazal, counsel for the Business Roundtable, argued that raising the ownership thresholds would provide more meaningful shareholder engagement.
Corporate interests at that meeting expressed a strong desire to scale back shareholder proposals by making the application process more arduous.
The pension system, which has billions of dollars in assets, views shareholder  proposals as an important tool as a relatively low-cost way to raise issues, she said.
That  was the argument of Aeisha Mastagni, portfolio manager for the corporate  governance unit at California State Teachers' Retirement System, at a roundtable on the issue in November.
Critics of tightening the standards say the shareholder proposal process is the only way for investors to raise issues important to them.
company's long-term investors," he said.
"With these long-term, retail investors in mind, we also should consider whether there are factors, in addition to the amount invested and the length of time  shares are held, that reasonably demonstrate that the proposing shareholder's interests are aligned with those of a...
"As I have said before, when looking at the ownership and resubmission  thresholds, we need to consider the interests of the long-term retail  investors who invest directly in public companies and indirectly through mutual funds, ETFs and other products," Clayton said.
"We need to be mindful of these changes, and make sure our approach to the very important issue of shareholder engagement reflects the realities of today's markets and today's investors."
"The current $2,000 ownership threshold was adopted 20 years ago, and the resubmission thresholds have been in place since 1954. A lot has changed since then," Clayton said.
Clayton said he plans to move forward with the staff's recommendations to increase the requirements.
The proxy "plumbing" is in need of major change, he said, confirming that new rules are in the works that could appease corporate interests who have argued that it's too easy for shareholders to submit proposals at public companies' annual meetings.
Staffers at the Securities and Exchange Commission are examining several reforms to the proxy process, including raising the bar for shareholders to propose and resubmit proposals, according to its top official.
Higher bar for shareholder proposals mulled for 2019, SEC's Clayton says: https://t.co/6ge6eRbMkR
This regulation is lightly used, but a newer version, Regulation A-plus, allows companies to raise up to $50 million in an IPO without the full requirement of disclosures needed for a traditional IPO.
In another area, expanding the SEC's Regulation A would allow more companies to become exempt from registration for public offerings.
Companies are required to disclose legal proceedings, unregistered sales of its stock and defaults on senior securities.
SEC Form 10-Q—the quarterly report—requires financial statements, a discussion and analysis of the company's financial condition and results of operations, risks, and other mandates.
In August, President @realDonaldTrump called on the SEC to study whether quarterly reporting should be eliminated and replaced with a less frequent disclosure scheme.
There has been a push from some members of Congress, interest groups and some in the financial industry to get rid of quarterly reporting requirements for public companies, arguing the reporting  places too much focus on short-term profits instead of  long-term health.
The JOBS Act 3.0 includes a measure #S488 that would require the SEC to conduct an analysis of requiring companies to submit quarterly financial reports.
"Both of these initiatives are included on the agenda for 2019 rulemaking, in addition to other congressionally directed rulemakings relating to expanding Regulation A for public reporting companies," Clayton said.
Testing-the-waters provisions allow certain companies to meet with sophisticated investors before they file for IPOs to better gauge how such offerings would be received. The agency has been considering expanding this to a larger pool of companies.
"For example, the so-called JOBS Act 3.0 includes provisions to expand testing-the-waters and study our quarterly reporting regime."
"Several of these initiatives parallel congressional legislation that received substantial bipartisan support," SEC Chairman Jay Clayton said in a Dec. 6  speech at Columbia University in New York.
The SEC is looking at making changes to quarterly reporting requirements, expanding exemptions from registration for public offerings, and mulling other options to ease access to capital for issuers while providing a broad range of investment opportunities for investors.
SEC's Clayton seeks easier reporting, more registration exemptions in 2019: https://t.co/RbXkV7e152
"And so who gets to make that determination, in my view not the regulators, in my view not the legislative branch, in my view the shareholders themselves."
"In '92 that may have been viewed as a sort of political question, but  now  it's clearly a reputational and shareholder question," @brianschatz said regarding the Cracker Barrel issue.
But he mentioned an example from 1992  when it filed a proposal that prohibits workplace discrimination at a Cracker Barrel, a company that fired some employees who were gay.
Garland, of the NYC Comptroller's office, said his organization is often criticized for filing proposals that are considered social or political.
The bill's sponsor, Republican @RepSeanDuffy, said it's a response to the concern that activist investors are taking over meetings and the high cost for companies to deal with he said are a prevalence of superfluous submissions.
Another aspect of proxy ballots discussed at the hearing was whether it  should be harder for shareholders to resubmit proposals. #HR5756 would significantly increase the threshold for shareholders to re-propose an issue at a company after it failed to gain a level of support.
Quaadman said there is an absolute need for a heightened level of oversight because the proxy advisory firms are overworked and could be lax on protections. He said that ISS has 180 employees that need to make recommendations on 250,000 issuers.
Responding to a question by @CatherineForNV on whether proxy advisers need to be regulated by the SEC, Quaadman and Gallagher were extremely supportive of the idea, but Garland said his support depends on whether it slows access to information or increases costs.
.@SenJackReed the bill's sponsor, said the measure "preserves the vital role played by proxy advisory firms, but also holds these firms accountable to investors." The measure has five cosponsors, including @DougJones and Kennedy.
Daniel Gallagher, a former Republican SEC commissioner; Michael Garland,  assistant comptroller for New York City; and Thomas Quaadman, executive  vice president for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, each agreed there is need for a fiduciary duty.
The bill was one avenue considered in the Senate Banking Committee's hearing on the proxy process on Thursday.
Regulators would create reports for the Senate Banking and House Financial Services committees at least once every five years evaluating conflict policies and practices to avoid false statements and recommending whether any additional protections for investors are needed.
The measure would direct the SEC to periodically inspect firms' records to assess if they knowingly made false statements to clients and review their policies for handling conflicts of interest.
Firms that earn less than $5 million a year from clients would be exempt from this registration, a cutout that would still allow new ventures to attempt to enter the market, which is dominated by Glass Lewis &amp;  Co. and Institutional Shareholder Services Inc.
A bipartisan bill under consideration, the Corporate Governance Fairness  Act (S 3614), would require proxy firms to register as investment advisers with the SEC, and establish their legal fiduciary duty to put the interests of their clients ahead  of their own.
Three witnesses appeared who all said they support a fiduciary duty for  proxy advisory firms, under questioning by @SenJohnKennedy.
Senate hearing shows path to SEC regulation of proxy advisers: https://t.co/3Ln3HY27WV
RT @Wallenfang: K-C waits for Senate. Will it act? https://t.co/kDJ4KBpR8L
RT @KatmaiNPS: Who's ready for Thanksgiving? https://t.co/gn5Av9udxM
"Not to mention this past weekend's episode of Silicon Valley covering the topic of paid downloads as fraud to investors," the email said.
The SEC's complaint indicates the officers recognized the behavior could  constitute fraud. It cites an email from a Giga employee that makes reference to the @HBO show Silicon Valley, where characters employ a click farm in a similar way to boost downloads of an unpopular app.
Firm charged by SEC for using 'click farm' to boost Apple Store ratings: https://t.co/P8VboumC6X
There's a clash of ideologies over shareholder initiatives, highlighted at a Securities and Exchange Commission panel where industry representatives debated whether to raise the bar for placing proposals onto proxy ballots: https://t.co/n0XhrhmmwT
Securities regulators are seriously considering regulating proxy advisory firms, such as @GlassLewis and @issgovernance, that give proxy voting recommendations and research to institutional investors based on their instructions: https://t.co/Z6fmlMXo7n
A Securities and Exchange Commission official says the agency should be very hesitant to file enforcement actions against compliance officers that could drive such professionals out of the field: https://t.co/tMtSZjOLh8
RT @cindyhydesmith: As U.S. Senator, I believe ObamaCare should be 100% repealed and replaced with a commonsense, patient-centered solution…
RT @EWagsterPettus: #Mississippi US senator won't discuss 'public hanging' remark (from @AP) #MSsen  https://t.co/BTPvVlxAwc
Investors welcome proposed SEC form on broker, adviser duties: https://t.co/cLVvb8EWKz
The Securities and Exchange Commission is proposing to allow companies that offer variable annuities and life insurance contracts to circumvent a requirement to deliver a prospectus for the products and instead post them online: https://t.co/lpXSj5be45
RT @sarahkliff: A Utah health plan is giving patients $500 and transit to Tijuana if they’ll buy their prescriptions across the border.		ht…
RT @BostonGlobe: Football star Aaron Hernandez went from the bright lights of the Super Bowl to a convicted murderer in a few years. Listen…
Representatives from asset managers BlackRock Inc. and T. Rowe Price Group Inc., as well as the California State Teachers' Retirement System, signed in support of the CII petition.
Commissioner Robert Jackson is a vocal supporter of such "sunset" provisions, arguing that too much control can transfer from a founder to family or associates who may not be as adept or driven as the founder.
An SEC advisory panel, the Investor Advisory Committee, considered whether dual class shares should be made temporary as opposed to existing in perpetuity.
This type of structure has been on the rise. Between 2005 and 2015 companies  with multi-class share structures increased by 44 percent. Companies such as Alphabet Inc.'s @Google and @Nike Inc. have dual-class stock.
Dual-class share structures consolidate voting power in the possession of company executives and insiders through a disproportionate allocation of voting  rights. The structure allows the founders to retain control when issuing new stock to raise capital.
"While some companies that are controlled by virtue of special voting rights function as benevolent dictatorships, we have seen others stumble because of self-dealing, lack of strategic planning and ineffective boards," said CII Chair Ash Williams.
The petition suggests companies could be eligible for a single extension of no more than seven years, if a majority of outstanding shares approve the extension.
CII filed petitions with both exchanges asking them to require firms that list on their exchanges to convert to a "one-share, one-vote" structure within seven years after the company goes public: https://t.co/4Uk2nECpJ9
The Council of Institutional Investors @CouncilInstInv, which represents pensions and employee benefit funds with $3.5 trillion in assets, is asking the New York Stock Exchange @NYSE and the Nasdaq Stock Market @Nasdaq restrict listings of dual-class shares.
She said these issues could be worse in private markets with forward-looking adjustments.
"In fact, one analyst study showed that a popular non-GAAP metric, 'core  earnings' was on average 30 percent higher than earnings  reported under GAAP."
"In effect, what non-GAAP metrics measure, or attempt to communicate,  more often are in the eye of the preparer rather than the beholder," she said.
Stein said she is concerned about a lack of uniform standards and a lack of comparability with the additional figures.
Companies are allowed to amplify the disclosure with the non-GAAP figures.
She cited a report that found 97 percent of all S&amp;P 500 companies disclosed a type of non-GAAP information last year. GAAP refers to U.S.  generally accepted accounting principles, which companies must use to report on their finances.
Stein said this demand for information continues to this day and that companies are choosing to provide voluntary information.
She said it's common for investors to seek more information. When the SEC sought comment on its disclosure framework in 2014 it received over 26,500 comments with many reflecting "an enormous pent up demand by disclosure recipients for more and better disclosure."
"However, I must reveal that during my five years on the Commission, I  have not heard this concern expressed by even one investor. Not one," Stein said at her appearance on Tuesday.
Democratic Commissioner Kara Stein told a Council of Institutional Investors @CouncilInstInv conference that the agency's stance has been that large volumes of information make it difficult for investors to focus on what's material.
The Securities and Exchange Commission shouldn't scale back the information provided to investors because of concerns that too much data will confuse them, according to one of its members: https://t.co/ncmbLogFb4
RT @hartfordcourant: State Supreme Court rules documents and journals belonging to Sandy Hook shooter Adam Lanza will be released in key vi…
RT @PeteJamison: BREAKING: DC Attirney General Karl Racine has launched an investigation into the handling of sex abuse allegations in the…
RT @nikiinthehouse: I support greater sanctions &amp; withholding direct military sales to Saudi Arabia as an initial rebuke of this heinous ac…
The Securities and Exchange Commission is launching a financial technology, or fintech, resource site as a one-stop shop for the agency's actions and thoughts on topics such as initial coin offerings (ICOs) and digital assets: https://t.co/2IRe8k89i2 https://t.co/9F5rqPUKxO
Stein delivered the remarks on Tuesday at the @BrookingsInst in Washington, D.C.
For the presidential working group, Stein said @realDonaldTrump should gather  regulators from the Labor, Treasury, and Commerce departments, as well as similar agencies and market participants, to make regulatory changes that would make retirement security more stable.
She said most investors assume their brokers have to put the  investor's interests first.
Stein said people who offer investment advice should be required to put their client's interest first, touching on a proposed rule before the agency that would increase brokers' responsibilities, but would not make the rules for them as stringent as those for investment advisers.
She also floated creating an app that teaches people to invest along with public service announcements and making a concise disclosure form for investments which tells them what they will pay in fees.
Stein called for the agency to work with other agencies to develop a model curriculum for schools and create contests, which she said would be similar to spelling bees, to get middle and high school students interested and well-versed in the world of finance.
The commissioner said that the SEC can do a lot more to help make Americans understand investing by focusing on educating them before they start making money.
"And the number of bankruptcies for those over the age of 65 has increased  dramatically," Stein said. "The size and speed of the tsunami is likely to increase as it gets closer and closer to us."
"The retirement crisis is a tsunami that is rapidly approaching. We can already see it and, indeed, we are starting to feel its effects. Americans are having to work past traditional retirement age," Stein said.
She cited a 2018 Trustees Report on Social Security that said the fund will be   depleted by 2034 and referred to a National Institute on Retirement Security finding that said the median retirement savings of Americans between 55 and 64 is zero.
Stein called the three pillars of retirement—pension, Social Security benefits and savings—"wobbly" because the first two are declining and many Americans are ill-prepared to retire with their savings.
SEC Commissioner Kara Stein is calling on President Donald Trump @realDonaldTrump to issue an executive order that would establish a working group on retirement security to prevent a looming retirement crisis: https://t.co/slRLduQ0Gp
RT @espyforsenate: It's been 8 hours, and we still haven't heard back from Cindy Hyde-Smith. But there's no doubt that the time to debate i…
RT @espyforsenate: Mike Espy's Senate Campaign Raises $1.17 Million in Third Quarter, Outpacing Opponents	 #mssen https://t.co/nvqNJ0V6iu
RT @LauraEWeiss16: The pay ratio disclosure, a newly implemented Dodd-Frank mandate, has caused thousands of US public companies to disclos…
Sears declares bankruptcy @CNN https://t.co/qYzPBYZwcb
RT @CQnow: These Three Democrats Voted for a Tax-Cut Bill. Here's Why, with @jonathan_miller and @davidlerman2 in #CQMagazine ($) https://t…
She also said that the agency needs to make changes to ensure that dealers can register and comply with Title VII of #DoddFrank, the provision that deals with  security-based swaps, to avoid unnecessary market disruption.
Commissioner Hester Peirce, who led the charge on the proposal, has said  previously that the rules need to be finalized expeditiously.
These concerns included the proposal's language that margin for security-based  swaps would no longer have to be collected by dealers, and a lack of an updated economic analysis.
Although she supported the proposal, specifically the open comment period, she did have reservations about a reproposal that would represent substantial policy shifts.
Commissioner Kara Stein said that AIG was brought down by credit default  swaps; it lost over $99 billion by making bets without the financial means to cover losses.
The lone dissenter in the 4-1 vote, Robert Jackson, said this proposal has been "sitting on the shelf" since 2012 and that he is concerned that it would allow market participants to take more risk. He said he can't support the idea of cutting back capital and margin requirements.
The comment period will be open for 30 days and input will be gathered on changing the language of the proposal put forth in 2012.
These swaps requirements were required by the #DoddFrank in response to the financial crisis in 2008 when the lack of  transparency the credit default swaps market contributed to the downturn.
This also included capital requirements for broker-dealers.
All but one of the five-member commission voted to advance the proposal to the public input stage, in anticipation of changing language in the rule regarding capital, margin and segregation requirements for security-based swap dealers and major security-based swap participants.
The Securities and Exchange Commission is reopening a comment period and  seeking new suggestions on changes to #DoddFrank swap dealer requirements originally proposed by the agency six years ago.
Roubini said financial technology initiatives such as artificial intelligence and big data are instead the real innovations, and are spreading widely because these digital payment systems already complete transactions on a large scale globally.
He categorized bitcoin and digital assets not as currencies, not as a means of payment and not a unit of account, saying that the bitcoin blockchain can only  handle five transactions per second, while Visa's technology can complete 25,000 in that time.
"Crypto is the mother or father of all scams and bubbles, a bubble that has finally gone bust this year," @Nouriel said. "Blockchain is the most overhyped technology ever and is no better than a glorified database."
He noted that just eight percent of cryptocurrencies are traded on exchanges, and that bitcoin has fallen 70 percent this year, while other major cryptocurrencies have fallen by 80 percent.
Not all is good in the digital asset world, according to Nouriel Roubini @Nouriel, a professor of economics and international business at New York  University's Stern School of Business. He cited an advisory by Satis Group that found 81 percent of ICOs are scams.
.@valkenburgh characterized the framework as a "computer science breakthrough" and said it will be as substantial as the "birth of the  internet."
The asset operates on blockchain, which serves as a proxy for a trusted intermediary. @valkenburgh called the technology revolutionary because it is the first public digital payment infrastructure which is open to all and not owned by one entity.
Peter Van Valkenburgh, director of research at Coin Center, told lawmakers bitcoin allows value to be transferred to anyone in the world without a middleman.
Digital asset experts clashed at a Senate hearing focused on blockchain and cryptocurrency over whether the technology will be as transformative as the internet or is merely a conduit for scams: https://t.co/6AkbHqIepJ
RT @FenitN: BREAKING: D.C. Council votes 8-5 to overturn Initiative 77, four months after voters approved the wage increase for tipped work…
"Musk stated that he rounded the price up to $420 because he had recently learned about the number's significance in marijuana culture and thought his girlfriend 'would find it funny, which admittedly is not a great reason to pick a price,'" the SEC alleges.
"According to Musk, he calculated the $420 price per share based on a 20% premium over that day's closing share price because he thought 20% was a 'standard premium' in going-private transactions," the SEC complaint alleges, adding the calculation resulted in a price of $419.
In August, Musk tweeted to his 22 million followers that he could take Tesla private at $420 per share. He wrote that funding was secured and he was only waiting on a shareholder vote.
The SEC complaint, filed in SDNY, alleges that Musk "violated antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws, and seeks a permanent injunction, disgorgement, civil penalties, and a bar prohibiting Musk from serving as an officer or director of a public company."
SEC charges Tesla CEO Elon Musk with securities fraud for misleading tweets about potentially taking the company private.
Securities and Exchange Commissioner Hester Peirce told a crowd at an SEC conference Sept. 21 on corporate reporting and governance in Fullerton, Calif., that the bill, which passed the California Senate, opens a wide door for uncertainty and political influence in business.
A California bill that would require public companies to have women on their boards wrongly values other interests over those of shareholders, an action that opposes settled corporate law, according to a top securities regulator.
SEC official speaks out against forced female board representation: https://t.co/b407ZmEAT5
New broker standard should ban sales contests, SEC Chairman Clayton says: https://t.co/jZCBwPVqaI
RT @sahilkapur: Via a Nevada source: Dean Heller campaign material, old (left) and new (right). Spot the difference. https://t.co/GLLEUTKBvz
The destruction caused by Hurricane #Florence is prompting the Securities and Exchange Commission to ease reporting mandates to those who were affected by the deadly storm: https://t.co/jbhJcD7kih
This is so good. https://t.co/4EM8R9DBSt
Sen. Elizabeth Warren wants to make public companies disclose their risks from climate change: https://t.co/R2fnSROeV6
#CryptoMom Peirce says SEC is `helicopter parenting' on cryptocurrencies: https://t.co/stM1s6La2T
Stock markets are sapping American investors' funds with hidden fees and conflicts of interest, problems that securities regulators are committed to stopping, according to a top official: https://t.co/IGnvR4SM5o
RT @johnmdonnelly: NEW: A bipartisan group of 11 senators is introducing a resolution calling for #Myanmar to release two unjustly imprison…
RT @SenatorBaldwin: Before the Judiciary Committee takes any further steps on a lifetime appointment to our highest court, the FBI must reo…
RT @steveholland1: NEW from Brett Kavanaugh: "This is a completely false allegation. I have never done anything like what the accuser descr…
SEC panel recommends transaction fee pilot go forward: https://t.co/TgPxyGE8qW
Court backs SEC, affirms that initial coin offerings are securities: https://t.co/P9DF92oGgF
Experts on U.S. proxy voting say #blockchain, the technology that underpins bitcoin, could ensure votes are properly cast, counted on time and participation is maximized: https://t.co/v6zbZ0pxtA
Top financial committee Democrats ask for 'best interest' rule overhaul: https://t.co/StJ1GPwOvt
Votes set for bills to cut audit requirements, raise investor cap: https://t.co/RtpkROUim4
RT @rollcall: Rep. Chris Smith caught on tape suggesting kids would be better off in orphanages than adopted by gay parents https://t.co/fx…
RT @CFTC: Dawn D. Stump was sworn in to serve as a Commissioner of the @CFTC today at the Fearless Girl Statue in New York City; former @CF…
RT @burgessev: So now there are no DC correspondents from Maine or Alaska papers anymore covering Collins and Murkowski in the middle of on…
SEC enforcement actions show focus on #cryptocurrency regulation, #ICOs: https://t.co/2h4koV4Gf8
Winklevoss twins launch 'Gemini' dollar-pegged cryptocurrency alternative: https://t.co/IqLddTKaVm
https://t.co/xmEggJZgEH
President Donald Trump has a new directive to expand workplace retirement options for employees by offering more access to multiple employer plans with the promise to cut down regulatory requirements: https://t.co/L9CkIEEX1D
RT @JulieZauzmer: New story: Calls are escalating for Cardinal Wuerl to resign https://t.co/CscM20zmtb
RT @CFTCquintenz: From my statement regarding the below #crypto #SRO news: “Ultimately, an independent and empowered SRO-like entity could…
President Trump is calling on the Securities and Exchange Commission to study whether quarterly reporting should be eliminated in favor of less frequent disclosure: https://t.co/eDWF2Wy1U6
"My comments were made in that broader context, and included a suggestion to explore the harmonization of the European system and the U.S. system of   financial reporting. In the end, all companies have to balance  short-term and long-term performance." (3/3)
"Most agree that a short-term only view can inhibit long-term strategy, and thus long-term investment and value creation." (2/3)
Statement from @PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi, the business leader @realDonaldTrump is referring to: "Many market participants, as well as the Business Roundtable which we are a part of, have been discussing how to better orient corporations to have a more long-term view" (1/3) https://t.co/Lea2ilw8JG
Edward Knight, a Nasdaq Inc. executive who has testified before Congress on the matter, supports eliminating the SEC's quarterly reporting mandate. Instead, he advocates for using a company's quarterly earnings press release.
Regulators in the United Kingdom dropped quarterly reporting requirements years ago. The change was met with positive reactions from U.K. companies who felt the shift focused more on long-term investing.
It was amended in committee to only include an analysis and @RepAnnWagner's bill made it into the 32-bill bundle.
That bill proposed to give securities issuers the option of disclosing their quarterly financial information through a press release, shortened form, or some other simplified way of reporting. This would let companies circumvent SEC Form 10-Q.
Although current legislation only proposes a reexamination of quarterly reporting, there has been a push by House Republicans to eliminate the requirement. In June, @RepAnnWagner introduced #HR5970 to the House Financial Services Committee.
The Encouraging Employee Ownership Act passed the House by roll call vote, 406-4 in July.
The Senate could move in the coming months on a wide-ranging financial services package #S488 that includes a provision on modernizing quarterly disclosures for investors by conducting a cost/benefit analysis on SEC Form 10-Q. https://t.co/Lea2ilw8JG
RT @nielslesniewski: The press is not the enemy, says the Senate https://t.co/UrB0CAJBVM
RT @seungminkim: Photo of McConnell's tan suit from Mr. Applewhite of the @AP https://t.co/n8kLT4EMU4
RT @SachaPfeiffer: When we did our @GlobeSpotlight stories on clergy sex abuse, some people asked us why Boston had this problem. But they…
https://t.co/EpUATlidvj
RT @ktullymcmanus: "The new guidance in this report only proves that you can no longer be a citizen legislator.  You have to be a career po…
RT @lindsemcpherson: New York duo @RepTomReed &amp; @KathleenRice plan to introduce a resolution to amend House rules to prohibit members from…
RT @IngrahamAngle: Enough said! "Former FBI head well liked at bagel shop" https://t.co/Lrp79ewcRV via @westportnews
RT @BillDoyle15: Celtics legend Bob Cousy turns 90 today and he's as sharp as ever. https://t.co/SJkvFAzBfl
RT @bobmccarthybn: In an email obtained by The Buffalo News, Collins vows to supporters that he will stay in office, run for re-election, a…
RT @JoanneKenen: Swamp alert - also as this thread notes - former HHS sec tom price made $$$ off this stock via his GOP house colleague  (b…
RT @chelsea_janes: Max Scherzer is hitting .306.
The paper reports that there is also a ratification bonus of $2,500 and retention bonuses that help to limit the scope of the pay cuts. The retention bonuses range from $2,000-$12,000 for employees.
But to actually take money out of your pocket is a hard thing.  People say ‘be happy you have a job.’ You’ve put your time in and you’re supposedly a valued employee, but you don’t feel that,” Seager told the @PostCrescent.
“I’ve put in 25 years, and I feel betrayed by the company and the union,” Cold Spring employee John Seager told @PostCrescent. “I’m asked to take a 20  percent pay cut, and that’s my house payment. It would have been bearable to take a pay freeze...
Now @PostCrescent is reporting that there is a tentative bargaining agreement that was approved by Cold Spring's union members; however, some employees are unhappy with the terms. Further, Wisconsin is offering over $100 million in incentives to @KCCorp to keep the plants open.
When I spoke to @RepGrothman a couple of months ago said the two factory closings in his district were not certain. “As I understand it, they’re still  negotiating whether those plants are going to close yet,” he said.
https://t.co/GjJlDdQ5Ov
Thousands of comments are flooding the SEC on a proposed regulation requiring brokers to act in their clients' best interests, ranging from highly critical to strongly supportive: https://t.co/98OuHtmSq2
"Although we tried to be cognizant of these access concerns, given the relative balance of the two standards, I fear that more and more broker-dealers will decide to become advisers that offer only fee-based accounts," she said.
"At a minimum, their costs of obtaining such assistance might rise markedly," Peirce said.
She says the SEC has acknowledged the new standard could result in retail customers losing access to advice. That's if customers don't want to switch to fee-based accounts, from the transaction-based accounts usually associated with brokers.
Republican Commissioner Hester Peirce said in a speech the proposed Regulation Best Interest, which imposes a higher standard of conduct on broker-dealers than currently the case, could increase their costs, and therefore encourage them to become investment advisers instead.
The Securities and Exchange Commission's proposal to craft a "best interest" rule for broker-dealers could result in investors being cut off from needed advice, a top official says: https://t.co/qY74bUMRtz
RT @politico: Spotted: Robert Mueller and Donald Trump Jr. both waiting for their flights this morning at the 35X gate at DCA. And yes, the…
RT @HesterPeirce: Apparently, bitcoin is not ripe enough, respectable enough, or regulated enough to be worthy of our markets. I dissent: h…
CFTC chairman says he won't subject clearinghouses to European law: https://t.co/gdnWQ1sYow
"I'm hopeful that the leadership of the SEC is going to take a look at this data more seriously," he said. "Because I don't think anyone wants to be in the office the day that a piece of information is somewhere in a file cabinet and we miss it."
Jackson said he wants to ask the questions he wished somebody had asked before the 2008 financial crisis.
"And we announced very proudly: 'Oh, we caught them,'" he said. "And I have to tell you, I asked internally, externally, I'll ask all of you. What in the hell are we talking about? Because I don't know about you,  but I don't comply with the law like once every five years."
He said he had an "out-of-body experience" when the agency in June revealed an enforcement action charging 13 private or hedge fund advisers that showed some hadn't filed form PF in five years.
Jackson thinks risk could be moving into private funds, or as he says, in the "shadows."		"I'm worried that there's a ticking time bomb sitting somewhere in that information that we're not paying attention to," he said.
The agency also publishes aggregated data gleaned from the filings to update the public on the private fund industry.
Form PF was designed to give the Financial Stability Oversight Council  information to help it assess systemic risk. The SEC is supposed to use  information collected in this form for its regulatory programs, including examinations and investigations.
"I've spent the last six months asking questions about what's happening  there and getting answers that I find troubling," Jackson said about the examination of private funds.
The new Form PF is a result of that effort, but the SEC is not using the  information efficiently nor organizing the disclosure well, according to Jackson. Annual filing of the form has been mandatory for private advisers managing at least $150 million since 2012.
This is an area where systemic risk could be shifted since the #DoddFrank Act passed in response to the 2008 financial crisis. The financial overhaul required disclosure and registration of private funds to reveal the systemic risk they present to the financial system.
Democratic Commissioner Robert Jackson criticized his agency during a forum organized by the left-leaning Americans for Financial Reform @RealBankReform,  saying the agency has faltered in policing private funds.
Another financial crisis could be looming because the Securities and Exchange Commission is neglecting its duty to stay on top of private fund disclosures, a top official said Tuesday.
Private funds could spur new financial crisis, SEC member says: https://t.co/qlLuRqUP4j
https://t.co/y7sERBONjK
MSRB wants comments on changes to primary offering practices: https://t.co/m50baQGuD8
RT @nytmike: SCOOP: FBI has secret recording Michael Cohen made of conversation he had with Trump two months before the election in which t…
RT @RandyLeonard: Can a Hill staffer make enough to be happy? https://t.co/b71lgwnkCx on @RollCall https://t.co/Lc8bI3AzZl
https://t.co/AiEzjileNd
https://t.co/JbPnbG1NvD
RT @McClatchyDC: Nunes used political dollars for $15K in Celtics tickets, winery tours and Vegas trips. https://t.co/Ny3leYp40B
The nation's top securities regulator is doubling the amount of stock  private companies can offer their employees as pay without registering the sales, a move designed to boost startups that rely on this kind of pay: https://t.co/tRTQRyiiSX
The Securities and Exchange Commission approved changes aimed at shedding new light on alternative trading systems, also known as "dark pools." https://t.co/YjxxFiq0jW
RT @SenatorBaldwin: I’m working to make sure all Wisconsinites can watch @Packers games, no matter where they live in our state. That’s why…
The bills are part of outgoing @FinancialCmte Chairman @RepHensarling's final push to roll back financial regulations before he leaves Congress. The committee is taking up several measures with the hope they find enough interest in the Senate to pass into law.
Lawmakers on Wednesday will consider 10 securities bills—some of which have bipartisan support fueling them—that could change disclosure and reporting requirements for years to come.
Securities bills set for vote by House Financial Services Committee: https://t.co/1fQfocNMwo
RT @MichaelPiwowar: I've left my office as an @SEC_News Commissioner for the last time, grateful for an amazing run the past five years. Lo…
Throwback to when I joined @ChrisMurphyCT on his #WalkCT through Westport in 2016. Talked transportation/infrastructure, Trump, and living wages: https://t.co/KpMMARfYS4 https://t.co/HMUfstLtzr
Operating companies and investment funds will need to use a special machine language to file certain financial statement information and risk-return summaries, after regulators finalized a scaled-back rule: https://t.co/tfMtn4bUSp
The Securities and Exchange Commission approved a final rule to give investors more useful information on liquidity in their open-end mutual funds: https://t.co/T79WUHbXSD
Nearly 1,000 public companies can publicly report less about their finances after the Securities and Exchange Commission voted unanimously to expand the definition of what constitutes a "smaller reporting company." : https://t.co/wLsaue8kSE
Harley-Davidson @harleydavidson, based in Milwaukee, announced Monday it plans to move some production out of the U.S. Earlier this year, @KCCorp announced it plans to close two plants in Wisconsin and eliminate 600 jobs. Two pretty big losses for @RepSeanDuffy's home state. https://t.co/7tKKEuk7wP
.@WellsFargo agreed to pay a $4 million penalty for the flipping accusations, including returning more than $1 million to customers.
The enforcement action came as the bank is running a campaign to regain  customer faith since it was engulfed in the "fake account" scandal where 2 million accounts were created to boost the perception of growth. That led to a $185 million fine.
The SEC's order in the case said one customer invested heavily in market-linked certificates of deposit, a type of MLI, and incurred around $900,000 in transaction costs, of which $353,241 went to Wells Fargo, while the customer made limited gains.
Only after @WellsFargo issued additional controls did the number of early redemptions drop, the agency said.
But according to the SEC, representatives were not given any further information or guidance on the definition of flipping or if early liquidation was ever appropriate under the policy. It's compliance officers continued to observe a high number of these trades without objection.
.@WellsFargo's policy set in 2011 explicitly said these investments "are not short-term trading vehicles." It said the bank's registered associates who encourage "flipping" of them would be subject to discipline.
Market-linked investments are bonds, but their value is linked to the performance of other assets.
The SEC found the conduct began January 2009 and lasted through June 2013. Customers were then convinced to buy new market-linked investments without sufficient analysis or consideration of the substantial costs.
The SEC revealed details of the case Monday, showing how @WellsFargo's representatives convinced customers to sell these investments even thought they were meant to be held long-term.
That's how the bank was able to earn inflated commissions on so-called market-linked investments, breaching its own policies, according to a new enforcement case that is another black mark on the troubled bank.
Compliance officers reviewing trades made by @WellsFargo Advisors LLC  personnel routinely failed to flag securities trades over several years that appeared to be obvious violations of the bank's own anti-flipping policies: https://t.co/KZOaboEkIh
Harley-Davidson @harleydavidson, based just outside of #WI06 in Milwaukee, announced Monday it plans to move production out of the U.S. Earlier this year, @KCCorp announced it plans to close two plants in #WI06 and eliminate 600 jobs. https://t.co/JHTJUzGlIm
RT @CQnow: Some Workers Are Paying a Steep Price for Tax Bill ($) https://t.co/qLex6gy3kY by @chrismmarquette #CQMagazine https://t.co/Vmif…
More companies could get 'smaller company' breaks from SEC: https://t.co/CZosOabCqj
New SEC proposals expected on ETFs, whistleblowers: https://t.co/fpYxsQLZAE
The House Financial Services Committee sparred over, and ultimately approved, a bill that would double the time "emerging growth" companies can report less financial information to investors: https://t.co/AoEKmvqlXL
SEC plans to let smaller companies avoid 'attesting' to controls: https://t.co/3g7qUMOFEb
Companies are repurchasing stock at record levels after the #TaxCutsandJobsAct. In @SenatorBaldwin's home state of Wisconsin, @KCCorp plans to close two plants and eliminate over 600 jobs.@KCCorp also plans to repurchase between $700-$900 million in stock: https://t.co/vat69Tld0l https://t.co/nlrKrexJ7K
“Now I see my fellow workers at this facility faced with this same problem, you have young kids at home. Should you transfer? It’s a tough spot to be in,” he says. “The majority of folks aren’t going to be able to find those jobs anymore. They don’t exist.”
Instead, he was able to land a position at Cold Spring, which produces products for incontinence and feminine hygiene.
In 2006, after Kimberly-Clark said it would close the Lakeview diaper plant in Wisconsin, Breckheimer considered moving to Beech Island, S.C.,  leaving the rest of his family in Wisconsin so his kids could finish high school.
Breckheimer, who serves as the president for Local 2-482 of the United  Steelworkers union, is no stranger to job uncertainty at the company.
“The tax cuts were to bring on more workers, expand facilities and they’re not doing that,” Breckheimer says. He says the Cold Spring plant “beat or met all of their benchmarks for 2017.”
To Breckheimer, who didn’t vote for @realDonaldTrump, the president’s tax cuts have not delivered on promises of job growth or a trickle-down effect from  corporations to their workers.
“It would be asking them to defy economic common sensetoreverse their hiring and firing patterns based on a corporate tax cut,” he says. “Sensible corporate leaders do not base their decisions off of tax incentives. They base them off of where they see demand for their products.”
To some, tax code changes aren’t likely to affect decisions on hiring and wages. Corporations earned historic profits in 2017 and already had the cash on hand to make such investments, according to Gardner, the tax policy expert at ITEP.
" I’m with Senator Baldwin — it’s time for companies to do right by their workers and customers,” @SenWarren said.
.@SenWarren, one of the bill’s three Democratic co-sponsors, says “the Republican tax giveaway has fueled the trend of giant corporations buying back their stock instead of investing in innovation or their workers...
“These 610 workers contributed mightily to Kimberly-Clark’s $3.3 billion in profits last year,” @SenatorBaldwin says. The company ought to be investing  in “hard working employees” and not eliminating their jobs.
.@SenatorBaldwin’s bill would also mandate that public companies have one-third of their boards selected by workers. It  has no Republican co-sponsors and is not likely to advance this Congress. Democrats would need to win substantially in November for it to gain traction.
The bill would accomplish this by repealing SEC Rule 10b-18, adopted by the agency in 1982, which provides a safe harbor from market manipulation violations when companies buy their own stock on the open market.
Tender offers, where shareholders find out prices beforehand and a certain number must agree to sell before the buyback can take place, require more rigorous SEC disclosures than open-market purchases.
The bill #S2605, referred to the Senate Banking Committee in March, would prohibit stock buybacks on national securities exchanges, instead requiring them to be conducted as tender offers.
In response to what’s happening at @KCCorp, @SenatorBaldwin introduced legislation to curtail stock buybacks she says will urge companies to invest more money in their workers and training.
“Their hard work should be rewarded, but instead they face layoffs,” she tells CQ. “It’s just wrong for the company to use corporate tax cuts to reward the wealth of its executives and shareholders with more stock buybacks, while closing facilities and giving workers pink slips.”
Wisconsin Democratic Sen. @SenatorBaldwin met with workers shortly after the company employees were told they are set to lose their jobs.
“In fact they bought back shares, a few gave out bonuses; there’s no evidence whatsoever that the money’s been massively poured back into the American worker,” @marcorubio said to the @TheEconomist.
“There is still a lot of thinking on the right that if big corporations are happy, they’re going to take the money they’re saving and reinvest it in American workers,” Florida’s @marcorubio told @TheEconomist in April.
Not all Republicans are impressed with the result, including one senator who voted for tax reform.
House Speaker @SpeakerRyan, a big proponent of the tax cut who represents another part of Wisconsin, did not respond to a request for comment for this story.
But asked if he regrets his vote on the tax cut, @RepGrothman responds: “Of  course not.” He cites Wisconsin’s unemployment rate dropping to a record low since tax reform passed. In April, the state’s unemployment rate was 2.8 percent, down from 3.2 percent in December.
.@RepGrothman noted the closings are not certain. “As I understand it, they’re still negotiating whether those plants are going to close yet,” he says. “We’ve got to wait and see.”
Three months after that vote, @RepGrothman was at a Hilton DoubleTree hotel in Neenah, hosting a job fair for the 600 workers in his district told by @KCCorp they would lose their jobs.
.@RepGrothman, the Wisconsin Republican who represents the Fox Crossing/Neenah area in Congress, says he voted to trim corporate taxes to “stimulate spending and job creation.”
The new tax rate hasn’t altered that plan to close manufacturing facilities.		@PepsiCo did not comment.
.@PepsiCo in February announced plans to repurchase $15 billion in shares. That same month, The Journal News of White Plains, N.Y., reported that about 200 PepsiCo employees in Westchester County, N.Y.,  are scheduled to lose their jobs as part of the company’s restructuring.
Erika Reynoso, a company spokeswoman, said in that @WellsFargo “continually evaluates its branch network and bases our footprint  on customer trends, market factors and economic changes. . . . We will  continue to keep top of mind the needs of our communities and team  members.”
But the bank said in January it intends to eliminate 800 bank branches by the year 2020, all while planning one of the largest stock buybacks this year at $22.6 billion.
The Irving, Texas-based product manufacturer isn’t the only one repurchasing large volumes of shares while simultaneously laying off workers. @WellsFargo praised the tax reform effort and responded by increasing its minimum hourly pay rate to $15.
...In fact, Kimberly-Clark’s capital spending target is at higher levels for the  next two years versus 2017, while our share repurchase target for 2018  is less than 2017’s level.”
A @KCCorp spokesman explained the buybacks, saying the company “allocates capital in a variety of ways, including share repurchases as well as investments in our manufacturing. . . .
But that won’t appease the Wisconsin workers whose jobs are leaving. The state is considering offering millions of dollars in aid and tax incentives in a last-ditch attempt to convince @KCCorp to keep the plants open, according to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel.
To be sure, more than 50 major U.S. employers boosted employee pay and  benefits because of the tax law. Health insurer @Cigna, for example, raised its hourly wage and increased salaries a total of $15 million, and added $30 million to its employee retirement matching program.
The tax cuts that became law in December lowered the overall corporate tax rate to 21 percent from 35 percent. @KCCorp's 2017 4Q effective tax rate dropped to 19.2 percent. Companies can have a lower effective tax rate than the overall percentage depending on their deductions.
It reported a total operating profit of $3.29 billion for 2017. Still, in January the  company announced its plans to close 10 manufacturing facilities and eliminate more than 5,000 jobs, including another Wisconsin plant, the Neenah Nonwovens factory.
.@KCCorp, the maker of a range of paper-based products spanning Huggies diapers to Kleenex tissues, operates the Cold Spring plant in Fox Crossing, Wis., where Breckheimer works.
While capital gains are not a precise indicator of stock ownership, they are a good measure of it, according to Matt Gardner, a senior fellow at the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy.
According to the IRS, there were $713 billion in taxable capital gains in 2015. The agency says 84 percent of the gains went to people making more than $200,000.
Although low- and middle-income workers who own shares of publicly traded companies will see some benefit from them, the largest proportion of shares are owned by wealthy Americans.
Over 1Q of 2018, companies announced $242.1 billion in stock buybacks. Pay to workers over the same time, measured as gross pretax wages of those subject to income tax, is up by a lesser amount, $131 billion. As of June 7, announced stock buybacks totaled $517.2  billion.
It’s the highest since @TrimTabsIR started tracking the data in 1995. Santschi says the high rate is attributable to economic expansion and the tax cut.
David Santschi, director of liquidity research at TrimTabs Investment Research Inc., says the average daily volume of buybacks this year through June 7 is $4.7 billion, which far exceeds the previous $3.2  billion record reached in 2007.
But many companies are using the extra money for record levels of share repurchases, which tend to benefit top executives and the richest Americans more than average workers.
Republicans—from @realDonaldTrump to @RepGrothman whose district contains the Wisconsin plant set to be closed—touted the cut in the top corporate tax rate as a catalyst for more jobs and bigger paychecks.
What Breckheimer didn’t realize at the time was that @KCCorp had decided a week earlier to spend $700 million to $900 million this year to buy back its own stock, benefiting the company’s investors.
An employee for almost four decades, he couldn’t understand why the profitable company that had just received a tax cut would close plants.
Shortly after the tax bill became law, Dave Breckheimer, a @KCCorp electrician and union head from Wisconsin was told, along with his team, that @KCCorp plans to close the 500-employee Cold Spring plant, eliminating their jobs.
Some workers, including those @KCCorp, are paying a steep price in the wake of #TaxCutsandJobsAct: https://t.co/vat69Tld0l
The @WellsFargo trading strategy generated significant fees for @WellsFargo, resulting in lower investment returns for @WellsFargo customers. @WellsFargo agreed to pay a $4 million penalty.
The SEC found that @WellsFargo generated large fees by improperly encouraging retail customers to actively trade the products, which were to be held until maturity.
Wells Fargo Advisors, a subsidiary of @WellsFargo, settles SEC charges for improper sales of complex financial products: https://t.co/eXTwk39jXW
Touting past successes, House panel seeks more financial deregulation: https://t.co/vHu7G7eAgn
A finder would also be exempt from broker-dealer registration. A finder  handles fewer transactions than a placement broker, such as earning  transaction-based commissions of $500,000 or less, and making referrals for transactions of less than $15 million, each within one year.
Under @RepTedBudd's bill, private placement brokers would have to clearly  disclose in writing to everyone involved in the transaction that they are acting as a private placement broker, the amount the broker is making, the person receiving the payment, and beneficial interests.
Private placements are an alternative to an initial public offering and allow the raising of capital without certain regulations and disclosures. So the burden falls on the investors to research the offerings.
These investors are usually rich market participants, hedge funds or other financially sophisticated shareholders.
Companies may sell securities under this rule to "accredited" investors who have a net worth of $1 million or earn more than $200,000 annually as an individual or $300,000 in conjunction with a spouse in each of the past two years and a limited number of non-accredited investors.
Private placements, which are unregistered securities offerings, are regulated by the SEC under Regulation D.
"It's a textbook example of regulation stifling capital formation, and if we can create a saner, more tailored regulatory regime, then I believe we can help expand economic dynamism outside the venture capital hotspots on the two   coasts," @RepTedBudd said.
"Right now, one main-street businessman can't get a commission for helping another find capital without registering as a broker-dealer," said the bill's sponsor, @RepTedBudd, R-N.C.
As it stands, private placement brokers who receive transaction-based compensation for "introducing" a securities issuer to a buyer have to register with the agency.
The legislation #HR6127, which is assigned to the House Financial Services Committee, is designed to allow easier referrals for raising capital and to spur more investment.
A Republican lawmaker is proposing legislation to let private placement brokers and finders avoid registering with the Securities and Exchange Commission as broker-dealers: https://t.co/98UD6XwePt
This would also include a study of the costs, impacts, and conflicts associated with  such research. The Improving Investment Research for Small and Emerging   Issuers Act is sponsored by @RepHuizenga and @RepMaxineWaters.
The only bipartisan bill on the docket—and the most likely to get traction in the Senate—would call on the SEC to undertake a study on the demand for investment research into small issuers.
"This legislation will help provide targeted relief to emerging growth companies that would lose qualification due to the five-year time limit. This bill will help many smaller firms and it will make IPOs more attractive for new businesses," @KeithRothfus said.
"I have been working with my colleagues to address some of the challenges that prevent firms from going and staying public," @KeithRothfus said.
Such companies have the status for five years after completing an IPO, with some restrictions. These companies can provide less information than larger ones, including simplified executive compensation reporting, and can avoid publishing a ratio of the CEO's salary/median worker.
Emerging growth companies must have an annual gross revenue of less than  $1.07 billion in its most recent fiscal year and must have not sold common equity securities under a registration statement.
Another bill #HR6130 would allow companies to keep the benefits of an  emerging growth company for a decade instead of five years. Sponsored by @KeithRothfus, it gives an extension to companies that have exhausted their five-year term.
Companies must tell investors about material legal proceedings, unregistered sales of stock, defaults on senior securities, and other information that would be reported in a Form 8-K  filing.
This would let companies avoid the SEC's Form 10-Q, a document that requires financial statements, a discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, and  market risk disclosures.
The bill, sponsored by @RepAnnWagner, would give securities issuers the choice to disclose quarterly  financial information through a press release or other simpler reporting method.
Up for consideration on Thursday is a bill #HR5970 that would strip quarterly reporting requirements, which some believe place too much focus on short-term profits.
Congress took a big step toward  that goal through the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act (PL 115-174), which pared regulations on small and mid-size banks.
The measures are part of a concerted effort by Republicans on the House  Financial Services Committee to pass financial deregulation measures before the November midterm elections.
Lawmakers in committee are expected to vote on Thursday on securities bills to ease some reporting requirements and make regulators examine what is affecting investment research into small issuers: https://t.co/Bw5o4vHY1x
On the other side is Ira Hammerman, the executive vice president and general counsel for the @SIFMA, who strongly supports the proposed rule. He says it  would institute a standard to sufficiently protect investors by holding broker-dealers accountable and improving disclosure.
But the proposal instead relies on investors to differentiate between the two investment professionals, which he says hasn't worked historically.
Micah Hauptman, the financial services counsel for the @ConsumerFed, told the Investor Advisory Committee that the regulation fails to create a uniform fiduciary standard for both broker-dealers and investment advisers, who already operate as fiduciaries.
Democratic SEC Commissioners Kara Stein and Robert Jackson were critical when the standard was unveiled in April for best interest not being defined clearly enough.
Regulation Best Interest provides three guiding principles. It seeks to disclose key aspects of a broker's relationship to the client, ensure clients understand the investment products they are buying, and eliminate financial conflicts of interest.
The agency convened its Investor Advisory Committee on June 14 in Atlanta to discuss the proposed Regulation Best Interest. The rule as written would make broker-dealers act in the "best interest" of their customers.
SEC advisory panel hears pros and cons of proposed broker standard: https://t.co/BzPmlprTei
RT @ProPublica: Inside a detention center last week. Children separated from their parents wail and ask for help. 		A Border Patrol agent b…
RT @ikhurshudyan: The Capitals have announced that Barry Trotz has resigned.
New York's 1921 Martin Act gives the state's attorney general wide-ranging resources to prosecute securities fraud cases of both civil and criminal natures and is a main target of @RepTomMacArthur's bill.
Republicans and business groups, including the @USChamber, support the bill, saying it would cut overlapping state and federal regulation in a move that would encourage more companies to go public.
It argues this would lead to "substantial judicial inefficiency." It also argues the Trump administration and Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Jay Clayton have expressed the importance of state regulators in policing financial markets.
Language in the proposed legislation, the organization says, could be  interpreted to require state prosecutors to follow federal procedural  obligations like the federal rules of criminal procedure or evidence  which differ from state rules.
. @CouncilInstInv goes further, saying the bill would tie the hands of the  regulators best positioned to protect retail investors and has vague  preemptive language that would contribute to inconsistency in the law's  application.
Democrats and other officials including those at the New Jersey Attorney General's office have said the proposed legislation would present more challenges to state securities regulators when trying to protect investors.
The North American Securities Administrators Association has already come out against the measure, saying it would be "bad for investors and bad for our capital markets."
The bill, sponsored by @RepTomMacArthur, establishes exclusive federal jurisdiction pertaining to civil securities fraud cases and, in cases of criminal securities fraud, requires the states to comply in all aspects with the requirements for securities fraud under federal law.
"State securities regulators are the closest regulators to their local markets and thus have been particularly effective in protecting retail investors from fraudulent activity," the letter continued.
"This legislation would substantially weaken the ability of state regulators to protect retail investors," the organization said in a letter to the House Financial Services Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities, and Investment.
The Council of Institutional Investors @CouncilInstInv, an employee benefits fund  association representing more than $3.5 trillion in assets, says the Securities Fraud Act of 2018 #HR5037 would significantly cut down on investor protections.
One of the most influential investor advocacy groups is speaking out against a contentious bill that would restrict state regulators from pursuing securities fraud cases: https://t.co/vw9nhyzCKU
RT @shaneharris: Breaking: Judge sends Manafort to jail, pending trial. https://t.co/4eVJJk006X
The bill has four Republican cosponsors and no Democratic ones. It is  expected to reach a vote at the Financial Services Committee.
Responding to a question by @RepMaloney, Borg said DOJ has "insufficient staff" to handle relatively small cases that would severely impact individual investors.
Joseph Borg, the president of the North American Securities Administrators Association Inc., called @RepTomMacArthur's bill "dangerous" and "misguided."
Democrats and interest groups said at the hearing it will hurt investors. @RepMaloney of N.Y., said the way the legislation is written would  probably preempt all state criminal securities fraud laws.
"The bill's language about criminal prosecutions is ambiguous, but one thing is clear: the bill would create new hurdles that would make it harder for state prosecutors to do their jobs," @NewJerseyAG wrote.
New Jersey Attorney General @NewJerseyAG Gurbir Grewal wrote a letter opposing the bill, arguing it would limit the state's ability to protect New Jersey  residents from securities fraud, even in criminal cases.
He says it "retains in states policing  power over criminal fraud, but it moves civil fraud to a single definition that requires intent and it allows companies to repair to the federal courts rather than being twisted in the wind in multiple states with different definitions."
The @dccc has attacked the bill and @RepTomMacArthur for backing it, noting that @RepTomMacArthur ran York Risk Services Group while it was owned by AIG under Greenberg's helm.
Greenberg, a former AIG Inc. chief executive, was the subject of a nearly decade-long  investigation by the New York Attorney General's office, culminating in  Greenberg agreeing to a $9 million settlement that he says he signed merely to  bring an end to it.
A prominent Wall Street executive, Maurice "Hank" Greenberg, and his company C.V. Starr &amp; Co., have been lobbying for the federal legislation to become law, according to The New York Times.
"In the last decade, the Martin Act was weaponized by New York attorneys  general," the @USChamber says in its description supporting the measure.
At the crux of this argument is New York's 1921 Martin Act, a law that gives the state attorney general wide-ranging resources to prosecute securities fraud cases of both civil and criminal natures. The law has prominence because of the huge number of financial firms based in NY
Backers of the bill, including @USChamber, argue the legislation would eliminate instances of state authorities acting as national regulators for companies listed on national securities exchanges.
.@RepTomMacArthur said the most prominent reason companies are hesitant to take this step is that they are "scared to death of overzealous attorney generals  that criminalize mistakes and make it difficult for businesses to go forward."
The bill's sponsor, @RepTomMacArthur of N.J., argues the change would prompt more companies to go public.
That's because the bill says any state criminal actions must comply in every way with federal law requirements for securities fraud.
Republican backers say states would retain jurisdiction to bring criminal securities fraud cases, but Democrats say its current language even makes that point unclear.
The Securities Fraud Act of 2018 #HR5037, debated in a House Financial Services subcommittee on Wednesday, takes jurisdiction from states and gives it to the federal government in cases of civil securities fraud.
A bill that would eliminate the ability of state securities regulators to bring civil securities fraud cases against publicly traded companies is facing strong Democratic opposition while Republicans contend it will encourage more companies to go public.
Controversial securities bill would limit states' fraud enforcement: https://t.co/pRYTWhercl
"Even digital assets with utility that function solely as a means of  exchange in a decentralized network could be packaged and sold as an investment strategy that can be a security," Hinman said.
However, determining whether an asset is a security isn't governed by the type of asset. The SEC could oversee trading of #bitcoin or #ethereum if the economic circumstances conform to the Howey test.
For #cryptocurrencies like #bitcoin, Hinman says there is an absence of a third party that's integral to the enterprise and as a result, he doesn't believe they should be regulated by the SEC.
Without a regulatory framework governing #ICOs, investors could be put in harm's way, Hinman said, underscoring why #ICOs should be policed by the SEC.
"At that stage, the purchase of a token looks a lot like a bet on the success of the enterprise and not the purchase of something used to exchange for goods or services on the network," he added.
"The purchaser usually has no choice but to rely on the efforts of the promoter build the network and make the enterprise a success," Hinman said.
Hinman said #ICOs often promote their ability to create a new, innovative  application of #blockchain technology, where similarly to the Howey case, the investors who buy coins are not actually doing the work, but  buying these tokens to hopefully gain a profit in the future.
The case involved a hotel owner named Howey who sold citrus grove interests to guests, but as Hinman notes, the Supreme Court found that Howey wasn't selling real estate, but the chance to profit  from work others have done in the citrus grove.
The Supreme Court ruled in the 1946 landmark case SEC v. Howey that an  investment contract is defined as the contribution of money to a common  enterprise with the expectation of profits from the entrepreneurial efforts of others.
However, assets could be grouped and sold in a way that constitutes a security  offering. When it comes to initial coin offerings, known as #ICOs for short, Hinman notes that the actual token offered is not a security, but often is sold in a way that is.
William Hinman, the SEC's director of corporation finance, said during a speech Thursday at a Yahoo Finance summit on cryptocurrency that digital currency itself is just code and not an investment contract.
#Cyrptocurrencies such as #bitcoin and #ethereum are not securities and will not be subject to the federal securities law disclosure process by the Securities and Exchange Commission, says a prominent agency official.
SEC confirms stance on oversight of #bitcoin, digital tokens: https://t.co/rV0eTYvWen
Jackson's efforts dovetail with those of some congressional Democrats: bills by @SenatorBaldwin of Wisconsin and @keithellison of Minnesota would prohibit stock repurchases on the open market and require public companies to have one-third of their board selected by employees.
He wants companies to seriously consider this use of capital. If companies have to get committee approval to buy back stock, he argues, it will provide more transparency to investors.
Corporate buybacks have swelled since the December tax cuts. In the first quarter of 2018, American companies bought back a record $178 billion in stock. The current framework, he says, allows companies to almost automatically engage in repurchases on the open market.
Another would make corporate board compensation committees decide  whether to approve  the request to buy back stock and inform investors why it's in the company's long-term interests.
Jackson called for two major changes to the way companies currently buy back stock on the open market. One would deny the agency's safe harbor exemption to companies that allow their executives to sell their stock during a buyback period.
One reason is that corporate executives turning long-term stock incentives into cash "might trouble" his colleagues, he said.
"Jay Clayton and I, we work together very closely. I feel that he hears me out when I say things like this," Jackson said. "We might be able to persuade a third commissioner to join us."
"Is this just an academic exercise, or do you think you can get three votes?" a participant asked. Doing so would probably require recruiting Chairman Jay Clayton to the cause, to reach a majority on the five-member panel.
Jackson fielded questions this week at the politically left-leaning think tank Center for American Progress @amprog, including a pointed inquiry on whether he can get any traction for his ideas under a Republican administration.
Jackson, a Democrat, advocates for making it more difficult for corporate insiders to sell stock when their company buys it. It's not a priority for his Republican colleagues, but he said it is troubling enough to win support from those who are usually ideological opposites.
Securities and Exchange Commissioner Robert Jackson says he has the agency chairman's ear in a way that could further one of his top priorities: ending the ability of executives to use their company's stock buyback cash in their shares at a profit: https://t.co/mSBM6BSL1x
These measures, if passed into law, would still allow companies to buy shares by tender offers, which give investors more control and provide more scrutiny by the SEC. And the bills would require public companies to have one-third of their boards be selected by workers.
There's an identical companion in the Senate #S2605 sponsored by  @SenatorBaldwin of Wisconsin.
"The tax breaks in the Republican tax bill didn't trickle down — they  went straight into the pockets of corporate executives and shareholders," @keithellison wrote on Twitter after introducing the bill. "We need to fix our rigged economy."
Rep. @keithellison on Tuesday introduced the bill that would eliminate a safe harbor provision that enables companies to buyback stocks without tender offers.
A day after a Securities and Exchange Commission member outlined steps for the agency to reform its rules governing corporate stock repurchases, a lawmaker is delivering a bill that would eliminate open-market stock buybacks: https://t.co/D9CAl8RTo7
Sponsored by @RepTedBudd, the legislation would extend an exemption for  well-known issuers, which are large public companies that raise the biggest amounts of capital.
Another bill #HR6035 would allow companies to designate underwriters or dealers as intermediaries with investors when buying and selling securities prior to a company having to file a registration statement with the SEC.
The committee notes in its agenda that the measure would incentivize the use of hedged positions while reducing the amount of  capital required to place the positions.
The bill, sponsored by @RepHultgren, would change the calculation of counterparty credit risk exposure for a depository institution to include offsetting correlated positions, known as netting.
#HR5749 would lower the amount of capital that banks would need to hold to protect against losses to more accurately reflect true risk  in options markets. This would occur by federal banking agencies switching to a risk-adjusted approach when valuing options under capital rules.
https://t.co/sGxaoEQqH2
The House @FinancialCmte is expected to vote on securities-related bills Thursday involving the risk treatment of certain options and underwriters' ability to communicate with investors, a move that's part of an aggressive Republican push to pare regulations before midterms.
https://t.co/Q0lNrvTKcl
"Thus, executives personally capture the benefit of the short-term stock-price pop created by the buyback announcement," he said.
Before a buyback announcement, executives trade, on average, less than  $100,000 worth of stock; however, in the eight days after the announcement, executives sell more than $500,000 of stock each day, he found.
"So right after the company tells the market that the stock is cheap, executives overwhelmingly decide to sell," he said.
Jackson said a surprising result he found was that about half the time at least one executive sold shares in the month after the buyback announcement. Twice as many companies had insiders selling in the eight days after a buyback  announcement compared to a normal day.
Jackson and his staff studied 385 buybacks in the past 15 months and found that buyback announcements lead to big increases in stock prices. In the 30 days after announcements, the price of the stock getting bought back rose more than 2.5 percent.
He said corporate board compensation committees should carefully review the way buybacks are used by executives. If companies choose to repurchase stock, their compensation committees should be required to approve the decision and tell investors why it's good for the company.
In 1982, the agency adopted Rule 10b-18 giving companies a safe harbor from market manipulation violations when they buy back their own stock on the open market. Jackson argues the safe harbor should be denied to companies that let executives sell their stock during the buyback.
"And, because we at the SEC have not reviewed our rules governing stock buybacks in over a decade, I worry whether these rules can protect investors, workers, and communities from the torrent of corporate trading dominating today's markets," Jackson added.
"On too many occasions, companies doing buybacks have failed to make the  long-term investments in innovation or their workforce that our economy so badly needs," Jackson said, speaking at the politically left-leaning think tank Center for American Progress.
In the first quarter of 2018, American companies bought back a record $178 billion in stock, according to Jackson. Companies during the quarter announced their intention to buy back an even higher total, $242.1 billion, according to TrimTabs Investment Research Inc.
Democratic Commissioner Robert Jackson said the tax cut package that passed in December and previous corporate tax rate reductions resulted in companies spending on share repurchases rather than reinvesting in employee pay, training or facilities.
A top Securities and Exchange Commission official, responding to the  skyrocketing number of U.S. stock buybacks, is calling for limits on executives' ability to benefit from them: https://t.co/W7uJTH3H62
A bipartisan House version was introduced by @RepFrenchHill and @RepGonzalez.
It would apply to brokers or dealers that have fewer than 150 workers with registered securities licenses and do not have custody of customer funds.
For a broker to qualify for "good standing" in the bill, it must be registered with the SEC, licensed by a self-regulatory authority, compliant with capital requirements, have no felony convictions in the past 10 years or been expelled from registering with an financial regulator
"These Main Street broker-dealers help connect Alabama investors of all sizes to financial markets, and I'm pleased to work with my colleagues across the aisle on this effort to help keep them competitive," @DougJones added.
"Rules requiring expensive audits meant for large broker-dealer firms, especially ones that have investor funds at risk, make sense, but they only serve as an unnecessary cost on small Main Street firms," @DougJones said.
The measure, sponsored by Sens. @TomCottonAR and @DougJones, could gain traction in a Republican-controlled Congress if it adds more support of moderate Democrats like Jones.
The bipartisan bill #S3004 amends the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (PL 107-204) to exclude privately held, non-custody brokers and dealers that are in good standing from having to file financial statements audited by a properly registered public accounting firm.
A Senate bill would pare back the obligation that securities brokerages comply with some of the same auditing requirements as publicly traded companies.
SEC's Stein encourages women to pursue asset management careers: https://t.co/dQrE8G6kvk
"The change needed may not happen overnight, but with this legislation we can move to eliminate harassment in the workplace," @lisamurkowski added.
"I am proud to be a part of this legislation which both prohibits efforts to silence victims and shines the light on harassment in the workplace," @lisamurkowski said.
Several organizations are supporting the bill, including the @NAACP ,  @Public_Citizen, @FemMajority , and @HRC.
"It's time to address the gaps in our laws that  allow this misconduct to go unpunished and keep it in the shadows," @SenKamalaHarris added.
"The culture of fear and silence created by perpetrators of sexual harassment in the workplace has existed for far too long and must come to an end," @SenKamalaHarris said.
establish a confidential tip line to field harassment reports and let the EEOC target employers that show patterns of  systemic harassment; prohibit companies from tax deductions for attorney fees relating to harassment claims; and require workplace training programs.
The bill is wide-ranging and has provisions reaching far past the SEC's  jurisdiction. It would also outlaw nondisparagement and nondisclosure clauses on workplace harassment as a condition of employment...
The bill's bipartisan nature and the momentum of the #MeToo movement could give the legislation support it needs to move forward.
Since The New York Times and The New Yorker in 2017 exposed movie  producer Harvey Weinstein's alleged behavior and his efforts to silence women he harmed, many of whom worked for him, there has been a strong push to provide justice for survivors of sexual violence.
There would be a mandate to report the number of settlements reached,  judgments awarded in connection with harassment, the total amount paid out, and information on whether there have been three or more settlements or  judgments pertaining to an individual without naming them.
The SEC disclosure would have to include instances of harassment, retaliation, and investigations into such transgressions.
It also would make companies disclose whether employees are complying with prohibitions against harassment in the workplace and are working to institute a culture that doesn't accept such behavior.
A bipartisan measure #S2994, sponsored by Sens @SenKamalaHarris and @lisamurkowski, calls for publicly traded entities to disclose in their Form 10-K annual reports whether companies are spending money to settle or litigate workplace harassment, including sexual harassment.
Lawmakers are responding to the #MeToo movement with new legislation  that would make the Securities and Exchange Commission collect information from public companies on workplace sexual harassment settlements: https://t.co/mFHWeSi8bi
"Venture exchanges could be very helpful for small companies and could serve as a bridge that will allow small companies to graduate to full national securities exchanges and help them grow down the road," @RepMaloney said.
Democratic Rep @RepMaloney of New York said the bill would work to enhance liquidity and contribute to capital formation.
"You're going to get a lot more capital being invested in them and you will see a lot more success stories in the future," @RepHensarling said.
Committee Chairman @RepHensarling of Texas said there have been too many companies that have gone public and don't possess the necessary float or capital  to survive.
.@RepTomEmmer said his bill will "encourage more early stage IPOs" from those offering small and illiquid securities.
Many lawmakers and SEC commissioners have lamented the decline in initial public offerings since the 1990s. Companies with publicly traded  stock have dropped from a high of 8,000 back then to around 4,100  today.
Other countries, like Canada, have adopted venture exchanges as a way to help emerging companies grow. The notion was supported by Obama-era Securities and Exchange Commission officials for potentially adding a transparent, safe, and capital-forming tool to the markets.
Sponsored by Rep. @RepTomEmmer, R-Minn., the Main Street Growth Act  #HR5877, advanced to the full House on a 56-0 vote. It would allow venture exchanges to provide small companies with access to capital without having to list shares in big markets like the NYSE.
The venture exchange measure was the only one of three securities bills approved in committee on June 7 that received support from Democrats and Republicans alike, meaning it could potentially garner bipartisan support in the Senate.
The House Financial Services Committee approved a bill that—if it becomes law— would establish a venture exchange for trading securities of smaller companies: https://t.co/pc2GMX8yug
.@RepSeanDuffy used an analogy of the committee itself—that @RepHensarling would not allow the continual resubmission of a bill that has little support. @RepMaxineWaters rebuffed that argument, saying there is no limit on the amount of times a member can propose a bill.
Chairman @RepHensarling of Texas, called the bill a "modest proposal" that only targets proposal resubmissions, adding that if the bill comes before the  committee again, he hopes the thresholds are set even higher.
"We must remember that shareholder proposals led Dow Chemicals to stop  manufacturing napalm for use in war zones, convinced British Petroleum to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and, just last month, encouraged Amazon to take steps to improve the diversity of its board."
"HR 5756 silences shareholders by curtailing their rights to offer proposals that not only benefit the companies they  own, but also the  broader public interest," @RepMaxineWaters said.
Ranking Democrat  @RepMaxineWaters of California, however, said the bill infringes on the rights of shareholders and limits the potential for advantageous  proposals.
.@RepSeanDuffy's measure would raise those levels to 6  percent on the first vote, 15 percent on the second try, and 30 percent  on the third.
Under the current system, shareholder proposals can be eliminated from  proxy ballots if they receive less than 3 percent support in a vote over  the previous five years, 6 percent in the most recent two votes, or 10  percent in three attempts.
"To me, it's insane that activist shareholders can force companies  to spend  excessive time and resources voting on proposals that are of no interest to a majority of the shareholders," @RepSeanDuffy said.
It is among several other securities-related bills considered by the committee.  While full House passage would not be a problem for this bill, it would likely need significant Democrat support in the Senate to pass and ultimately become law.
The bill was approved by the committee on a 34-22 vote without any Democratic support.
The bill's sponsor, @RepSeanDuffy of Wisconsin, said he introduced it as a response to his concern of activist investors taking over meetings and the high cost of what he views as superfluous submissions.
The bill #HR5756 would significantly increase the threshold for  shareholders to re-propose an issue at a company after it failed to gain  a certain level of support.
The House Financial Services Committee clashed on a bill that would make  it harder for shareholders to resubmit proposals to publicly traded  companies, with the bill ultimately being approved on a partisan vote: https://t.co/zkLqkHu2bf
"My legislation will simplify the capital raising process for public companies. In my view, the ability to raise capital is something we in Congress should be encouraging in our capital markets," @RepTedBudd said.
Rep. Ted Budd, R-N.C. @RepTedBudd, the bill's sponsor, says this measure would help facilitate capital formation and builds on the work done in the senate  deregulation bill #S2155 that recently became law.
Underwriters and dealers would need to get written permission from the issuer before acting as an agent or representative. Well-known seasoned issuers would also need to identify each dealer or underwriter who makes any communications predicated on the exemption in a prospectus.
The bill would extend an exemption for well-known seasoned issuers—big public  companies that raise the largest amount of capital in the country— allowing them to designate an underwriter or dealer to act on their behalf for the purpose of  buying or selling securities.
The Streamlining Communications for Investors Act #HR5999, along with several other securities bills loosening regulations, are scheduled to be considered now by the @FinancialCmte.
A securities bill set for a committee vote today would let companies designate  underwriters or dealers as go-betweens with investors on buying and selling company shares, before companies have to file a registration statement with the SEC: https://t.co/ChzWrH5TWA
The SEC will allow a new option for funds and investment companies to deliver shareholder reports: making them publicly available on a website for free and then sending investors a paper notice of each shareholder report's availability in the mail: https://t.co/9KBUest7T8
"Rolling back the Volcker Rule while failing to address pay practices that allow  bankers to profit from proprietary trading puts American investors, taxpayers, and markets at risk," Jackson said. "That's a risk I cannot accept."
Democratic Commissioner Robert Jackson said the change is directly opposed to Congress' intention.
"Today's proposal would allow banks to more easily classify any trade as a hedge, regardless of whether it effectively and demonstrably offsets risk," Stein said, adding that this will incentivize banks to take on risk.
CEO attestation would still be effective for significant and moderate trading firms. It requires a firm's CEO to affirm that the bank is complying with the   Volcker Rule.
Firms with limited trading activity, less than $1 billion, would be exempt from CEO attestation requirements and be subject to a presumption of compliance with the Volcker Rule.
Firms that participate in moderate trading activity, ranging from $1 billion to $10 billion, would be placed in the middle oversight level.
Under the proposed changes, companies with significant trading assets and liabilities, considered more than $10 billion, would face the strictest rules. These firms, which number 18 according to the Federal Reserve, perform about 95 percent of trading activities.
"Overall, this proposal cleverly and carefully euthanizes the Volcker Rule," Stein said.	Republican Commissioner Hester Peirce said, on the contrary, that the changes  reduce compliance costs and clarify a complex rule for banks.
The proposed amendments to the rule have now been approved by the  needed five bodies. When finalized, as expected after a mandatory comment period, they would effectively kill the #DoddFrank (Pl 111-203) provision, according to Stein.
Democratic Commissioner Kara Stein strongly disagreed as she invoked the  financial crisis of 2008, noting the Volcker Rule was written to prevent another bank bailout from the federal government by preventing banks from engaging in risky trades.
"In particular, the proposal aims to reduce compliance obligations for small and mid-size banking entities relative to their trading activity," Clayton said.
Before the 3-2 vote was cast Tuesday the Republican majority clashed with the  Democratic minority over the likely outcome. Republican Chairman Jay Clayton argues the changes, if finalized, will give banks more clarity on permitted trading activity.
The SEC voted along partisan lines to propose relaxing regulations governing the speculative trading by federally insured banks, a #DoddFrank provision known as the Volcker Rule that is administered by five separate federal agencies: https://t.co/fyU0so0SXE
Hensarling's statement on tariffs continued: "All of the great gains President Trump has made with generational tax relief and bureaucratic regulatory reforms – the reforms that are fueling our economy – can be wiped out overnight if we end up in a global trade war."
"The last time steel tariffs were imposed, it hit American jobs. I strongly disagree with the decision to move forward with the implementation of tariffs on aluminum and steel imports from Mexico, Canada, and the EU under the guise of national security concerns"--@RepHensarling
The form also asks for information on legal proceedings, risk factors, unregistered sales of equity securities and use of proceeds, defaults upon senior securities, mine safety disclosures, and other information that would be required to be reported in a Form 8-K filing.
It would let companies circumvent the Securities and Exchange Commission's Form 10-Q, which requires financial statements, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, quantitative and qualitative market risk disclosures, and procedures.
The measure #HR5970, introduced to the House Financial Services Committee, would provide issuers of securities traded on national securities exchanges the option of disclosing their quarterly financial information through a press release or some other simplified way of reporting.
A Republican lawmaker, @RepAnnWagner, has a new bill that would let companies disclose quarterly financial statements through a less stringent reporting process, a goal of some who say Wall Street is too focused on short-term profits: https://t.co/yhbIciwRv4
CEO  attestation  requirements, still effective for  significant and moderate  trading  firms, make a firm's CEO personally  sign off that the firm  complies with  the Volcker Rule.
Firms  with limited trading activity,  considered less than $1 billion, would  be exempt from CEO attestation  requirements and  be subject to a  presumption of compliance with the  Volcker Rule.
Firms that engage in  moderate trading activity — ranging from $1  billion to $10 billion —  would be placed in a middle tier, subject to  lower scrutiny.
Under the  change, companies with "significant" trading assets and liabilities  above $10 billion would face the most stringent rules. These firms  compose about 95 percent of trading activity. According to the Federal  Reserve, 18 firms exceed $10 billion in trading.
When I'm included at the end of the process it makes it a little bit harder for  me to participate."
"I only got basically a final product," Behnam said. "I'm always willing to think about changes and improve rules, but it's easier for me to be a part of the process from step one, not the end of the process...
Behnam said he voted against the measure because it could encourage a  return to risky actions that led the country into the financial crisis of 2008 or it could hand more power to a small number of financial institutions.
The changes, which are  being implemented by five federal agencies, will now base the regulation on a bank's trading activity.
The agency voted 2-1 on Monday to approve an inter-agency Volcker Rule  proposal that changes the standards that bar federally insured commercial banks from trading with their own funds or from owning or controlling hedge funds or private-equity funds.
The Commodity Futures Trading Commission approved three proposals to  ease #DoddFrank requirements, to the chagrin of the agency's Democratic  commissioner, Rostin Behnam, who said he was cut out of a portion of the  rulemaking process: https://t.co/LfrfIGfKNK
RT @NYSE: Our first album: nYsE https://t.co/YtkZk7PogI
RT @BrianMastFL: .@KingJames great to see you embracing the look.  Can I get the name of your tailor? https://t.co/KJRadyPu04
RT @timkmak: NEW: NPR has decide to publish the audio of Michael Cohen making legal threats against me while I was a Daily Beast reporter i…
RT @adamgoldmanNYT: Comey on charging Martha Stewart 2/2 https://t.co/zTcZhszShB
RT @adamgoldmanNYT: From Comey’s book on charging Martha Stewart. 1/2 https://t.co/frFIh2JYYW
SEC Investor Advisory Committee to consider broker conduct rules: https://t.co/VBNEiYbxyr
the CFPB, which led to rollbacks of its regulations — are of  greater danger to Dodd-Frank's effectiveness.
If this recent law marks the most consequential change to #DoddFrank over Trump's tenure, the crisis-era law will have won its first political battle, according to Klein; however, he notes Trump's personnel decisions — such as appointing Mick Mulvaney as the acting director of...
"The legislation itself does not touch the CFPB, a key requirement for Democratic congressional support," Klein says. He was formerly a deputy assistant secretary for economic policy under then-President Barack  Obama.
Klein says these central principles include: tougher regulation on larger banks, new authority by the Federal Reserve, increased power for the government to unwind a failed  financial institution, and the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
President Donald Trump signed the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act #S2155 on May 24, which leaves #DoddFrank's core principles intact, although that doesn't mean it's immune from further erosion, argues Klein, a former Treasury Department official.
New deregulation bill doesn't pierce #DoddFrank's core, @BrookingsInst fellow Aaron Klein says: https://t.co/0EEDMptY4g
RT @lindsaywise: HUGE UPDATE: Greitens agreed to resign as part of deal to dismiss felony computer tampering charge. https://t.co/v9IpdM5vWg
"Restricting the shareholder proposal process is likely to reduce corporate accountability to shareholders, and could create greater conflict between shareowners and public companies," it says.
The advocacy group says the current cost to companies from shareholder  proposals are low and most companies receive few proposals. The Council says the average Russell 3000 company can expect one proposal every 7.7 years.
"We are mindful that many positive advances in U.S. corporate governance  practices simply would not have occurred without a robust shareowner proposal process in place," CII says, noting proposals led to the mandate that independent directors comprise a majority of boards.
6 percent in the most recent two votes, or 10 percent in three tries. The new bill would raise the standards to 6 percent in one vote, 15 percent in two votes and 30 percent in three.
The Council opposes @RepSeanDuffy's bill #HR5756 that would raise the threshold of votes that proposals need to get to reappear on proxy ballots. Under current rules, the proposals can be scrapped if they get less than 3 percent in any vote over the previous five years...
Fund advocate @CouncilInstInv criticizes @RepSeanDuffy's shareholder proposal legislation: https://t.co/LI6f3Bjvzz
Cyber experts tell Senate panel more corporate disclosure is advantageous: https://t.co/OdbNWRNvpP
SEC will travel to Atlanta for town hall, discuss investment professionals: https://t.co/OfoYcTjmfr
RT @Aarondklein: 5 False takes on new bank bill:	1) Guts #DoddFrank	2) Repeals and replaces #DoddFrank	3) Will lead to big new lending for…
SEC chairman says agency didn't use 'fiduciary' for best interest clarity: https://t.co/eVWtwaTulM
Several securities bills curtailing financial regulation are likely to head toward votes by the House Financial Services Committee after one of its panels considered them as a package to try to invigorate capital formation and encourage small business growth.
Bundle of deregulation bills could get committee vote soon: https://t.co/rHJGCNSpqS
CFTC gives US customers direct access to Australian markets: https://t.co/gTajNzo4LM
RT @JMitchellNews: Medgar &amp; Myrlie Evers House will receive plaque Thursday from @NatlParkService, declaring it a national landmark — 1st i…
https://t.co/74shw5tx47
CFTC issues guidance on virtual currency derivatives: https://t.co/4zNzGJnm1r
Fake initial coin offering (ICO) brings record views to SEC's investor education site: https://t.co/4jxcPZGpNC
Option risk bill prepped for House committee vote: https://t.co/dc5InYkTuN
In 2015, Stephen Luparello, the SEC's then-director of trading and markets, said venture exchanges could give investors a transparent and well-regulated environment for trading securities of small companies that would also promote  liquidity and enhance capital formation.
A bill #HR5877 that would permit the registration of venture exchanges is also on the docket. It was introduced by @RepTomEmmer.
The bill #HR5054, sponsored by @RepDavidKustoff would also require the SEC to conduct a cost-benefit analysis concerning smaller companies and issue a report to Congress on the measure's progress.
The language creates a standard allowing a business-to-business comparison   of financial figures, but some say implementing it is costly to growing  companies.
Also up for discussion is a measure that would exempt smaller companies from having to use Extensible Business Reporting Language for financial reporting statements to the Securities and Exchange Commission.
. @RepSeanDuffy's bill would raise the standards to 6 percent in one vote, 15  percent in two votes and 30 percent for three. Corporations say votes based on political or social issues can waste of time for corporate boards, costing investors.
.@RepSeanDuffy's bill would raise the threshold of votes that proposals need to reappear on proxy ballots. They can be barred if they get less than 3 percent support in a vote over the previous five years, 6 percent in the most recent two votes, or 10 percent in three attempts.
Among the bills under consideration at the hearing of the House Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities and Investment is one #HR5756 that would make it harder for stockholders to resubmit proposals each year at annual corporate meetings.
A House Financial Services panel is set to debate 11 securities bills on Wednesday to lessen various reporting mandates or exempt certain companies from regulation: https://t.co/PfsyDWLbUB
RT @holy_cross: Considered a satire, a detective novel &amp; a Catholic novel all in one, @hcenglish professor Lee Oser's newest novel "Oregon…
"No matter how quickly we work, it's likely that the Kokesh decision will impact our ability to obtain recovery for harmed investors," Peikin said. The SEC has had to forgo more than $800 million in the past year in disgorgement because of the Supreme Court decision, Peikin said.
A unanimous Supreme Court decision in June of 2017, Kokesh v. SEC, ruled  that disgorgement in the securities-enforcement cases is considered a penalty and subject to a five-year statute of limitations, a ruling that will affect the SEC's ability to recover funds.
"I think the SEC fell far short of holding anybody accountable here,"  @RepStephenLynch said, adding that $35 million "is laughable to be honest with  you."
.@RepStephenLynch criticized the SEC for going easy on Altaba Inc. the company formerly known as Yahoo Inc., when it fined the company $35 million in April for failing to disclose a major cybersecurity breach by Russian hackers that exposed personal data of  hundreds of millions.
Avakian said her division should be measured on whether it is creating  deterrence from wrongdoing and whether it is getting bad actors out of  the marketplace.
The agency filed 754 actions in fiscal 2017, 114 fewer than the 868 filed in 2016. Monetary penalties against public companies have also dropped.
However, @RepHuizenga did cite recent reports of declining enforcement and asked whether the SEC "has gotten soft on Wall Street," as some are saying.
Bill Huizenga @RepHuizenga, R-Mich., chairman of the subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities and Investment, said he supports the agency abandoning its "broken windows approach" under previous leadership of enforcing many minor violations.
"Some of these things are measurable by statistics, but many are not," Avakian said.
Securities and Exchange Commission Co-Directors of Enforcement Stephanie  Avakian and Steven Peikin told members of a House Financial Services  Subcommittee on Wednesday the agency is running an effective enforcement  program despite declining enforcement numbers.
Securities enforcement officials pushed back on the notion that the agency has softened its pursuit of bad actors since new leadership took over in 2017: https://t.co/HMTmOl8Jke
Securities enforcement officials pushed back Wednesday on lawmakers'  suggestions that the Securities and Exchange Commission has softened its  pursuit of misbehavior since new leadership took over in 2017: https://t.co/n2I89kDDMf
.@nyuniversity study shows SEC's public company enforcement actions decline: https://t.co/ohsw4P7fOp
New York approves cryptocurrency exchange @GeminiDotCom's addition of @zcashco : https://t.co/vn81GVZgUK
SEC commissioner calls for trimming public company mandates: https://t.co/FPMM26m4P2
RT @PostSports: Wilson basketball coach placed on leave while DCPS investigates eligibility of players https://t.co/I1L2a2DZpE
RT @DevlinBarrett: Salt Lake Tribute just laid off 1/3 of its newsroom https://t.co/htTLSkXPH3
SEC urged to analyze pros, cons of economic analysis: https://t.co/D5NgEmcMIE
Sponsored by @RepSeanDuffy, the bill has no cosponsors, but was approved by the House Financial Services Committee in March, by a vote of 34-26, with no Democrat support. Given the Republican-dominated House, the bill is likely to pass.
Accredited investors are those that meet  certain wealth standards and can better handle investment losses.
That's a significant change from current rules, under which securities issuers with more than $10 million in assets held by 2,000 accredited investors only, or 500 unaccredited investors, need to report to the agency on a regular basis.
It would provide that companies could have as many as 2,000 investors—  regardless of whether they are considered accredited—without registering with the SEC, a process that triggers costs and reporting requirements.
The measure #HR5051 would amend the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 to raise the registration threshold for all securities.
A bill that would allow more companies to escape reporting requirements to the Securities and Exchange Commission is expected to head to the House floor for consideration after the Congressional Budget Office estimated it will have little effect on taxpayers.
SEC registration threshold bill may get House vote soon: https://t.co/NLaW9JdbhM
RT @ESPN_WomenHoop: "I’ve won two championships … I’ve played with some of the best players of this generation … and I’ve played under two…
Fund advocacy group @CouncilInstInv says SEC should broadly treat 'coins' as securities: https://t.co/uVFuoM9hdS
CFTC member says former leaders hamstrung agency with costs: https://t.co/S7m2cKL3DX
RT @PeteJamison: BREAKING: More than 150 students (out of ~500 student body) at DC's renowned Duke Ellington School of the Arts actually li…
SEC commissioner says not all 'coin' offerings are securities: https://t.co/h8yCNEMciv
SEC requests input on record destruction extension: https://t.co/UcsGobEmVq
RT @WHO: 📰 Press release: New #Ebola outbreak declared in the Democratic Republic of the Congo #DRC🇨🇩 https://t.co/pZyGxYFpjg https://t.co/…
RT @borzou: BREAKING: Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has confirmed Iran will continue the nuclear deal  members of the P5+1 even without…
RT @ProPublica: New: For years, Connecticut’s domestic violence victims have been at risk of “dual arrests” — instances in which police arr…
RT @peterbakernyt: Trump told Macron this morning that he will announce withdrawal from the Iran nuclear deal. Trump is preparing to reinst…
SEC's Piwowar plans to resign in July: https://t.co/JpiAbJQClf
"I am particularly grateful to Mike for emphasizing the importance of economic  analysis in the agency’s efforts, and for raising the level of involvement and rigor of the Commission’s analysis in matters ranging from rulemaking to enforcement," Clayton added.
Chairman Clayton said of Piwowar's announcement, "I am grateful for his leadership, including during his tenure as Chairman, during which he advanced a number of important initiatives in times that saw significant developments in our markets."
Piwowar thanked @realDonaldTrump in his resignation letter: "I am especially grateful to you for the trust you placed in me to serve as acting chairman at the beginning of your Administration. We accomplished a great deal for the 'forgotten investor' in a short period of time."
.@MichaelPiwowar, a Ph.D. economist, served as a commissioner under President Barack Obama since August 2013 and was named acting SEC Chairman in January 2017 by President Donald Trump @realDonaldTrump until current Chairman Jay Clayton was confirmed by the Senate in May 2017.
SEC Commissioner Michael Piwowar, who has referred to the agency's policy agenda from July 2010 through December 2016 as dominated by the "Dodd-Frank Death March," to resign on July 7 or earlier, depending on when his successor is sworn in.
RT @MichaelPiwowar: Today, I sent a letter to President Trump informing him that I intend to resign my position on the earlier of July 7, 2…
RT @davidamichaels: Scoop: Michael Piwowar, Republican Regulator who blasted Dodd-Frank rules, to step down in July    https://t.co/wHOByiG…
The measure could be on track to become law. Along with its bipartisan  backing, there is a companion bill #HR1585 that passed the House in late 2017.
For couples, the joint annual income must exceed $300,000. Companies that  qualify for the title are banks, investment firms, investment advisers and broker-dealers.
Currently, an individual must have a net worth of more than $1 million, or an annual income in excess of $200,000 for the past two years, to qualify as an accredited investor.
Introduced by @SenThomTillis and co-sponsored by @SenCortezMasto, the legislation would create a wider base of investors for securities that aren't publicly listed.
They would have to sufficiently understand the features of private securities, financial statements and risks associated with such investments.
Investors would need a qualifying job, education or professional experience verified by an industry regulator like @FINRA, as well as a reasonable level of  financial expertise.
The measure #S2756 would allow people who are financially sophisticated to invest in "unregistered" securities without having to meet a net worth requirement.
Two senators are teaming up on a bipartisan bill that would loosen the  requirements for someone to be considered an "accredited investor" by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Bipartisan bill would ease requirements to be an 'accredited investor': https://t.co/9Iz36rMnJW
. @RepCarbajal 's bill could gain steam if Democrats are successful in November of gaining control of the legislative branch.	"The American people have a right to know how powerful, multinational  corporations are spending their money to influence our political process," he said.
But the issue has persisted for Democrats and progressives since the U.S.  Supreme Court's Citizens United vs. Federal Election Commission decision. SCOTUS in 2010 removed constraints on the amount of money corporations can spend on political initiatives to persuade voters.
The bill faces a low probability of advancing because the Republican-led Congress opposes mandates to disclose political spending.
@RepCarbajal said the voices of Central California Coast families and small  businesses "should not be drowned out by millions of dollars of secret  spending on political advertising."
The definition also includes electioneering communications including a broadcast, cable or satellite communication that refers to a clearly identified federal candidate and dues or other payments to trade associations or organizations.
Sponsored by @RepCarbajal of California, the bill's definition of expenditure would extend to independent outlays that expressly advocate for the election or defeat of a federal candidate while not coordinating with the candidate or affiliated parties.
It would contain a summary of expenditures made the previous year on political activities.
The Corporate Political Disclosure Act of 2018 #HR5670 would require publicly traded corporations to file an annual report with the SEC and publish any financial political ties on a website accessible to the company's shareholders along with the public.
Democratic lawmaker introduces SEC political spending disclosure bill: https://t.co/YBGiI5kwHN
The SEC last month rolled out a multi-faceted approach to fiduciary standards governing the conduct of broker-dealers called Regulation Best Interest. This includes a disclosure obligation, a care obligation and a conflict of interest obligation.
He said he aims to provide investor choice by raising the standard of conduct for  broker-dealers, who aren't fiduciaries, to that of investment advisers, which already adhere to fiduciary standards.
Clayton says his priority is to guarantee that broker-dealers and investment advisers remain viable options for investors under the agency's newly proposed conduct standards.
SEC Chairman Jay Clayton defends new broker standards proposal in speech @TempleUniv: https://t.co/jXMC7v0rk1
New SEC search tool shows brokers' previous enforcement actions: https://t.co/iOgLOa6blH
RT @sfpathe: Asked @DonBlankenship about his new ad being racist. Here's what he told me... #WVSEN https://t.co/McFDlIvgQt
RT @AdamSchefter: Washington’s statement on NY Times’ story on Redskins’ cheerleaders: https://t.co/Rog7P7RK1W
RT @lindsaywise: NEW--&gt;2 political advisers with close ties to VP Mike Pence’s chief of staff are named repeatedly in a report accusing Mis…
"Carter failed to appear as required by the subpoenas and, through his counsel, Carter has declined to provide any additional dates on which he will agree to  appear for investigative testimony," the SEC's release states.
The agency wants to know about Jay-Z's joint ventures with Iconix. SEC has issued two previous subpoenas for testimony from the rapper/entrepreneur--one in November of 2017 and another in February 2018 after he retained a new lawyer.
"The SEC is investigating potential violations of the federal securities laws related to the financial reporting of New York-based Iconix Brand Group, Inc., which paid Carter more than $200 million to acquire intangible assets associated with Carter's Rocawear apparel brand."
SEC subpoenas Shawn Carter (Jay-Z): "The Securities and Exchange Commission has filed a subpoena enforcement action against Shawn Carter seeking an order directing him to comply with an investigative subpoena for his testimony."
RT @briankoonz: Lots of thoughtful, hilarious storytelling by @espn icon Chris Berman today at @QuinnipiacU. From a skunk in the studio to…
RT @lindsaywise: Multiple BIG @EricGreitens stories published just now by @kcstar's politics team based on our digging into the new report…
RT @JulietMacur: Redskins Cheerleaders describe an overseas trip where they felt "pimped out" by their team. It's not the only time the Red…
RT @NYTSports: EXCLUSIVE: Redskins cheerleaders say they were required to go to a Costa Rica nightclub with male sponsors, who earlier watc…
RT @MarkDCTeacher: 87 degrees in classroom. Kids can't focus. Do better for Anacostia. Office says no AC til May 15. And there's PARCC test…
Official defends lack of definition in broker fiduciary proposal: https://t.co/Cdi9muDu0s
FINRA proposes new rules to crack down on brokers with shady pasts: https://t.co/wBbVXmyfRi
RT @FenitN: Rabbi Shmuel Herzfeld crashes Council breakfast to criticize them for not censuring @TrayonWhite https://t.co/1COdtPF7AA
RT @Tessa_Weinberg: Member of Greitens’ security detail came out of the office to let reporters know it was okay that we were here, but tha…
RT @RWPUSA: Just announced my candidacy for United States Senate. I will be running in the Democratic Farmer Labor Party. 		Join me in stan…
https://t.co/xKh5w2297c
SEC's Peirce harshly criticizes order protection rule: https://t.co/UOt9IQJeP4
CFTC's Quintenz calls for digital currency self-regulator: https://t.co/jeOV7RxxFF
SEC's Piwowar says MSRB's central data storage site transforms transparency: https://t.co/u4M2qj0HAd
SEC's Clayton defends fiduciary proposal in budget hearing: https://t.co/drAtLHAFay
RT @SenatorBaldwin: I’m working to make sure there are better protections from toxic chemicals in cosmetic products. Thanks @KourtneyKardas…
The Top Jobs Where Women Are Outnumbered by Men Named John https://t.co/HyxTlOUev8 via @UpshotNYT
Seasoned SEC chief counsel to leave agency: https://t.co/FTDHroS6hU
SEC's Stein outlines vision forward for best interest regulation: https://t.co/mBYqfj5f3T
RT @senatormcdaniel: Yeti Coolers is now cutting ties with the NRA without explanation or notice. One can only assume Yeti doesn't value th…
The rule includes three obligations: disclosing key aspects of the relationship to the client, ensuring clients understand the products they're being sold, and eliminating conflicts of interest motivated by factors such as financial incentives.
The commissioners voted to propose what they call Regulation Best Interest, which would require broker-dealers to act in the "best  interest" of customers, but the proposal doesn't actually define the term, an omission that drew criticism from commissioners.
But two commissioners—Republicans Hester Peirce and Michael Piwowar—strongly criticized Labor's rule; Peirce called it "destructive." The commission, led by Chairman Jay Clayton, has a Republican majority.
"We urge the chairman and commissioners to issue a final rule that matches the Department of Labor rule's protections, and requires financial advisers to put the interests of savers and retirees first—not their own," their letter to the agency said.
The top-ranking Democrats on the House Financial Services Committee and  Senate Banking Committee, @RepMaxineWaters of California and @SenSherrodBrown of Ohio, want the proposal rewritten before it's finalized.
Last month, the Department of Labor's Obama-era fiduciary rule, which had been criticized by industry groups, was struck down in federal court. The SEC's proposal now puts that agency at the forefront on the issue.
The Investment Company Institute, a fund advocacy group, said it has "long advocated for the SEC to take the lead in this area" and welcomed the commission's action.
The Securities and Exchange Commission voted 4-1 on April 18 to roll out three guidelines for a 90-day public comment period that would impose a fiduciary duty on broker-dealers.
Regulators' new proposal to require stock brokers to act in their clients' best interest is drawing support from financial industry interest groups while congressional Democrats say it will not go far enough to protect investors.
Reactions mixed to SEC's fiduciary standard proposal: https://t.co/WUY5Z8HxLp
They voted 4-1 to propose three measures aimed at protecting everyday  investors from investment professionals who are not already bound to a so-called fiduciary standard.
That's  one glaring omission that will have to be resolved before a majority of the Securities and Exchange Commission will be satisfied with the new rules, commissioners said as they cast a divided vote on formally proposing the rules on Wednesday.
Newly proposed rules for stock brokers will require them to act in the "best interest" of their clients, but the proposal lacks a clear definition of the term.
New fiduciary rule's 'best interest' standard needs clarity, officials say:https://t.co/Q8XSC11Ik5
RT @asfram: A first for babies - Sen. Tammy Duckworth, D-lIll., and newborn daughter Maile on Senate floor for roll call vote. https://t.co…
RT @Aarondklein: Note to all who say bank branches going the way of Blockbuster. @Chase to open 70 in DMV. #fintech isn’t what you think. h…
RT @billclarkphotos: Congress was so busy this week that they barely had time to chat with Miss USA contestants before heading home for a 5…
SEC's @MichaelPiwowar calls for expanded economist role in rulemaking: https://t.co/DWuhAyG6s8
SEC subpoenas #cryptocurrency company with increased stock price: https://t.co/5IC2i0stHD
"Money at the end of the day is a convention," Carstens said at the digital currency discussion at the Brookings Institution. "It is a  social convention."
He said the advent of digital currencies like bitcoin has some saying the landscape of money will be upended, but central banks will adapt so their central purpose will still be needed.
Agustin Carstens, the general manager of the Bank for International Settlements, told a forum on Tuesday that payment systems built over the course of centuries have weathered constant attempts to invent new currencies.
Bank leaders see crucial role in face of #cryptocurrency interest at @BrookingsInst panel discussion: https://t.co/aIo95p2Oi4
Investment advisers and broker-dealers would also have to provide retail investors with a summary of the relationship no longer than four pages.
Additionally, certain broker-dealers and associates would be prohibited from using "adviser" or "advisor" as part of their name or title.
Known as Form CRS--Relationship Summary, the regulation would require investment advisers and broker-dealers to be clear about their registration status when interacting with investors and prospective investors.
If the proposal--which was approved 4-1 Wednesday and is now on to a 90-day comment period--gets adopted by the agency, Piwowar would have to relinquish his title. But he is fine with it because he says it would enhance investor clarity.
"In fact, Dean of Financery @iamjohnoliver himself, or at least his website, bestowed me that title and I have a certificate with his signature to prove it. You can see up on the screen there too. I'm very proud of this by the way," Piwowar said. @LastWeekTonight
Underscoring that the term "financial adviser" doesn't mean much, Piwowar said, "you may not have known, but in addition to being a PhD economist and an SEC commissioner, I recently earned a Bachelor of Financial Advising from the Financial Advisor Academy."
SEC Commissioner @MichaelPiwowar, speaking before today's commission vote on new standards of conduct for financial professionals, touted his "Bachelor of Financial Advising" from the Financial Advisor Academy referring to a segment on @iamjohnoliver's show @LastWeekTonight
SEC votes 4-1 to approve new proposals on fiduciary standards. Commissioner Stein was the only no vote on all three rules. They will now go out for a 90-day public comment period.
SEC's Peirce calls for narrower participation in international financial groups: https://t.co/nTOKDcFo7H
SEC officials clash over keeping Reg A limit stagnant: https://t.co/GeQchDoSTx
CFTC head says youth see cryptocurrency as a response to failed leadership: https://t.co/QI08wmRpq2
With the Federal Reserve in control, it will be in a position to provide clear direction, he said.	"The Volcker Rule has been one of the most indecipherable with its 930 pages  and frequently five different regulatory interpretations," @RepFrenchHill said.
. @RepFrenchHill, the bill's sponsor, touts the measure as a way to provide  banks with certainty on how to comply with regulations by reducing  fragmentation and confusion across agencies.
This component of the bill is included in the Senate's banking deregulation bill (S 2155) which passed 67-31 in March. That means it's likely to be included in any joint financial deregulation legislation if the House and Senate can resolve any differences.
The bill exempts banks with less than $10 billion in assets, which Republicans refer to as "community banks," from the Volcker Rule. The rule was designed in response to the 2008 financial crisis to stop federally insured banks from engaging in speculative investments.
That includes the Securities and Exchange Commission, a move that gives some Democrats concern the change would make it easier to repeal the #VolckerRule in its entirety.
The bipartisan bill #HR4790 that passed the House on April 13 by a 300-104 vote puts the Federal Reserve in charge of the rule instead of spreading that responsibility among it and four other agencies.
Legislation that relaxes #DoddFrank's #VolckerRule for some banks and  concentrates under one agency the authority over the rule passed the House amid concern it could be part of a wider effort to chip away at financial  regulations: https://t.co/fAysjJBumG
RT @RepFrenchHill: Proud to see my bill on the Volcker Rule pass in the House today to ease the regulatory burden for community banks in #A…
While the majority of Democrats opposed it, 66 voted for it.		Democratic cosponsor @RepJohnDelaney of Maryland said the bill "empowers FSOC to more effectively address systemic risk in our financial system."
.@RepDennisRoss, who sponsors the bill, says it would encourage regulators to work more closely with financial firms to mitigate financial risk before a potential designation and protect retirement savers from superfluous costs by making sure FSOC works as Congress designed it to
FSOC is a panel of the country's top regulators created by #DoddFrank. It's been a target of Republicans who say its designations can be costly and harmful to financial firms.
It also calls for FSOC to meet with the financial institution under scrutiny regularly during the whole process. Every five years, if the firms request it, FSOC must reexamine its designation and vote on whether to uphold it: https://t.co/dk96v5bA2r
The Financial Stability Oversight Council Improvement Act (HR 4061) passed 297-121 Wednesday and would require FSOC, a committee of regulators led by the Treasury, to contemplate other avenues for regulation to reduce risk before designating them as systemically important.
Legislation that would make the Financial Stability Oversight Council conduct extra checks before designating nonbank financial institutions as systemically important passed the House and may head to the Senate if  it has a similar level of bipartisan support.
The Securities and Exchange Commission signaled it's ready to propose rules on fiduciary standards next week in a move to usurp Obama-era rulemaking from the Labor Department that the Trump administration has stymied: https://t.co/XnX9oS6Ns8
https://t.co/ZVUZjO6CEy
"By cutting down the number of frivolous lawsuits targeted at mutual funds, we can allow Americans to continue to make the investments they need for their future," @RepTomEmmer said in a statement when the bill was introduced.
. @RepTomEmmer touts the measure as one that would help protect the security of Americans' mutual fund investments, which he says are heavily regulated and are consistently subject to costly legal matters.
The Republican-backed bill puts the onus on the security holder to provide "clear and convincing evidence" that the duty was breached.
Sponsored by @RepTomEmmer, the bill would raise the burden of proof for allegations of a lapse in the fiduciary duty by mutual funds for charging excessive fees. The fiduciary duty requires financial professionals to act in the best interests of their clients.
The Congressional Budget Office issued a report on the measure #HR4738 Tuesday, signaling the bill is likely to be considered by the House. It  moved through the House Financial Services Committee on a 31-25 vote in  January without a single Democratic supporter.
A bill that would make it harder for investors to sue on the basis of a breach of fiduciary duty by investment advisers may reach the House floor soon: https://t.co/1HnnuZlEMP
Several influential asset managers are urging the Securities and Exchange Commission to launch a proposed transaction fee pilot program to study whether the current incentives for broker-dealers should be changed: https://t.co/i9WC1DfDvz
RT @nielslesniewski: Yeah. https://t.co/GSwlRdG9gM
Republicans and Democrats in the House have said it will help mitigate the diminishing numbers of clearinghouses.
CFTC Chairman Christopher Giancarlo has called for the ratio to be revised, suggesting that customer cash held at central counterparties should be excluded from the calculation.
Legislation in both the House and Senate would make the changes Quintenz  and others are calling for, including a bipartisan bill on financial regulatory changes that passed the Senate #S2155 and #HR4659 approved by the House Financial Services Committee last month.
The rules that established the leverage ratio were instituted by U.S. banking agencies in 2014. Quintenz said it's one reason why there are now only 55 futures commission merchants actively carrying customer accounts, down from 154 registered a decade ago.
The ratio, he said, penalizes banks' clearing services because it considers margin held on behalf of customers as an exposure of the bank.
Commissioner Brian Quintenz said the ratio—a globally instituted mandate for banks to hold a minimum amount of capital against their on-and-off-balance-sheet exposures—is partly to blame for driving banks out of the futures industry.
Farmers and ranchers who rely on futures markets to protect their interests will benefit greatly if efforts are successful to roll back what's known as banks' supplementary leverage ratio, according to a top official of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
Farmers to benefit from proposed regulatory rollback, CFTC official says: https://t.co/7fHM3dlVc3
If the SEC adopts the proposal for a one-year pilot on block trades, the dissemination cap for investment grade corporate bonds would jump to $10 million from $5 million; and for non-investment grade corporate bonds the threshold would increase to $5 million from $1 million.
The Securities and Exchange Commission's Fixed Income Market Structure Advisory Committee made that recommendation by a 15-4 vote on Monday.
Securities regulators could soon consider whether to alter the reporting  requirements for large corporate bond trades, a change that would significantly delay dissemination of some trade information to the market.
SEC advised to adjust reporting cap for large corporate bond trades: https://t.co/ceY3NGODRX
.@RepFrenchHill , R-Ark., who sponsors the bill, said in March his legislation is aligned with a Senate deregulation bill #S2155 and that the House measure could stand alone or join a bigger bill as Congress seeks to pare back financial regulation across the board.
It also would consolidate regulatory authority on the Volcker Rule from five agencies to one: the Federal Reserve. The move would rescind the power of the Securities and Exchange Commission and some banking regulators.
The bill #HR4790 sailed through the House Financial Services Committee on a 50-10 vote. It would exempt banks with less than $10 billion in assets from the #VolckerRule, a Dodd-Frank regulation that stops federally insured banks from engaging in investments deemed risky.
The chamber's Rules Committee is scheduled to discuss the bill on April 10, meaning the measure is expected to reach the House floor shortly thereafter.
A bill expected to be taken up by the House that eases the #DoddFrank law's restrictions on banks' speculative securities trading could pass if it maintains the bipartisan support it received in an earlier committee vote: https://t.co/DNuquWnHwO
.@SenWarren of Massachusetts and @brianschatz of Hawaii cosponsor the bill. It also has support from advocacy groups like Public  Citizen and the AFL-CIO.
"Corporate profits should be shared with the workers who actually create  value," Baldwin said in a statement. She added "it's just wrong for big  corporations to pocket massive, permanent tax breaks and reward" the top executives "while closing facilities and laying off workers"
Since President Donald Trump's tax bill passed last December, companies have poured $229 billion into corporate buybacks, according to a report by CNN Money that cited research by TrimTabs Investment Research Inc.
Corporate buybacks have been targets of Wall Street critics who argue profits would be better spent hiring new employees and giving existing ones raises. But investors like them because decreasing the number of  shares on the market can increase the stock price.
While there's little chance the measure will advance under Congress' current makeup, it could be an indication of the direction of securities regulation if Democrats take back Congress.
It would also mandate more employee representation on corporate boards within two years of the bill's implementation.
A bill #S2605 introduced by @SenatorBaldwin of Wisconsin would prohibit stock buybacks on national securities exchanges, meaning any buybacks would have to be conducted through tender offers.
Some Democrats in the Senate want to repeal longstanding protections for companies that buy their own shares on the open market: https://t.co/L9c0K6DPcH
Public companies tend to disclose cybersecurity events only when investors already know about it, bolstering the case for stricter reporting requirements from the Securities and Exchange Commission, according to a new study: https://t.co/EVabelnOlM
RT @AndrewGiambrone: The residents’ lawsuit follows reams of housing code violations and months of the tenants raising concerns over “deplo…
The Securities and Exchange Commission is accusing a California-based energy storage and power delivery company of prematurely recording more than $19 million in revenue to fraudulently bolster its financial statements: https://t.co/S42up8zu9Y
RT @nytimes: New Orleans Saints cheerleaders have to leave a restaurant if a player comes in. A cheerleader is challenging such team rules.…
A Commodity Futures Trading Commission member is criticizing Congress's $1.3 trillion omnibus spending package for "unimaginably" cutting his agency's budget: https://t.co/B0fPRTRlCP
"We want banks having certainty about this rule so they can go about their business," @RepFrenchHill said.
Hill argued that having agencies such as the SEC and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission oversee enforcement is confusing for those that fall under it. Instead, the Federal Reserve will take the lead and provide a clear picture, in consultation with other regulators, he said
The bill's sponsor, Rep. French Hill, R-Ark. @RepFrenchHill, said the legislation mirrors the Senate bill #S2155; this bill and others could join #S2155 as Congress looks to pass a broad financial deregulation measure.
Banks with less than $10 billion in assets would be exempt from the Volcker Rule, a #DoddFrank provision that prevents federally insured banks from conducting speculative investments with their funds.
That would remove the Securities and Exchange Commission as an authority, as well as several banking regulators.
A bipartisan bill, which is intended to track Senate legislation, targets the Volcker Rule and was approved 50-10. #HR4790 condenses all regulatory authority over the Volcker Rule down from five agencies to one--the Federal Reserve.
Several bills that would loosen regulations, some of which stem from #DoddFrank mandates, are moving forward following approval by the House  Financial Services Committee @FinancialCmte: https://t.co/jaRrJVJePV
President Trump issued an executive order saying Venezuela is using the digital asset to circumvent U.S. sanctions. The order bans all transactions between a U.S. person or someone within the country using a digital asset issued on or after Jan. 9 by the Venezuelan government.
The currency is an attempt by President Nicolas Maduro to rescue a country plagued by hyperinflation, civil unrest and an economy in despair. Maduro claimed in a post on Twitter on Feb. 20 that the petro raised $735 million.
The White House is outlawing all U.S. financial dealings relating to Venezuelan digital assets, a direct rebuke of that country's launch of a #cryptocurrency called the petro.
White House bans dealings with Venezuelan digital currency https://t.co/82yzi21qgL
SEC will prioritize clear regulatory approach to ETFs, official says: https://t.co/2YYQ7oX3wZ
RT @sunherald: .@cindyhydesmith will be the first ever female member of Congress in Mississippi https://t.co/LwHZUmcEFB https://t.co/fnwTLz…
Their research found out of 81 cybersecurity incidents at public companies that year, just two filed an 8-K notifying shareholders on the hacks.
Jackson and his staff completed a study on data breaches (excluding minor ones) in 2017 that were reported to state and local regulatory authorities as well as to the press.
He says the agency has not undertaken a comprehensive look at 8-K mandates since 2004, a time when hacking was nowhere near the problem it is today. Jackson's comments came at the Tulane Corporate Law Institute.
Commissioner Robert Jackson, a Democrat, said he called on his colleagues to reexamine requirements in Form 8-K, the filings publicly traded companies make for material events.
The Securities and Exchange Commission needs to consider adding material  disclosure requirements that notify investors of critical cybersecurity breaches, according to one of its commissioners: https://t.co/vlYl8IlnvN
Warren said she was troubled that, after Equifax's special committee report was released, the company didn't mention learning that another executive could have been involved in insider trading.
"In light of Equifax's history of botched responses and failures to provide Congress or the public with honest and complete information, I  ask that you provide me with a full accounting of Equifax's knowledge and actions about Mr. Ying's trading activities," @SenWarren said.
That occurred prior to Equifax's September 2017 acknowledgement that an enormous data breach exposed the social security numbers and other proprietary information of 148 million people.
Ying, who was in line to become the company's next global chief information officer, sold close to $1 million in stock that prevented $117,000 in losses, the SEC alleges.
The Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14 accused Ying of  concluding that a breach had occurred and then cashing out shares before the news became public.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass. @SenWarren, in a letter addressed to Equifax Interim CEO Paulino do Rego Barros Jr., questions why Equifax's own report  cleared four executives but did not include information on Jun Ying, a former Equifax division chief information officer.
A prominent Democrat is demanding answers from @Equifax about new insider trading charges against a former Equifax executive after the credit reporting company's internal investigation found no evidence of wrongdoing: https://t.co/WeVArVCU4Y
SEC official defends 'judiciously' issued guidance: https://t.co/Xf9205PLrk
SEC should move on #FiduciaryRule, commissioner says: https://t.co/dGwd3IQYKP
"They  allow a few dozen men in my district to sit in their pajamas on the  couch all day and tell their wives they're going to be millionaires,"  @BradSherman Sherman said. "They help terrorists, criminals move money around the world. They help tax evaders."
Rep. @BradSherman Brad Sherman, D-Calif., however, sees no redeeming values in digital assets and called cryptocurrencies a "crock."
.@RepHuizenga tempered that by citing a forthcoming MIT study on the ICO market that estimates between $270 million and $317 million of money raised by coin offerings has been funneled into frauds and scams.
"Cryptocurrencies and ICOs provide an innovative vehicle for startups to  potentially access capital and grow their business," Huizenga said.
Capital Markets, Securities and Investment Subcommittee Chairman @RepHuizenga Huizenga, R-Mich, expressed his excitement for the new technology, but also warned against the potential for bad actors to take advantage of retail investors.
"We need clearer guidelines, clearer understanding about how the SEC's registration rules, trade rules, its exchange rules, its investment company/investment adviser rules should apply and do apply," Rosenblum said.
Rosenblum said Congress could authorize the SEC to make changes that could advise companies offering digital tokens how to proceed.
Robert Rosenblum, a law partner at Wilson Sonsini Goodrich &amp; Rosati  who specializes in ICOs and cryptocurrencies, told a House subcommittee the SEC could be doing more to effectively regulate the digital token marketplace than doing so through enforcement actions.
SEC needs to provide more clarity on #ICOs, expert says: https://t.co/MKcsIs7hy6
It would oversee the spot markets for cryptocurrencies like #bitcoin.
Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss, the co-founders of Gemini Trust Company LLC, said the company plans to roll out the Virtual Commodity Association, an industry sponsored self-regulatory organization geared towards the virtual commodity exchanges.
Leaders of #cryptocurrency exchange are proposing to create a self-regulatory organization to oversee virtual commodity markets, similar to the way stock exchanges function as de facto regulators, as the call widens for an entity that would help legitimize trading digital assets.
Cryptocurrency exchange, @GeminiDotCom, floats self-regulation model for virtual commodities: https://t.co/b6mNYdUR4Y
RT @wcp: Meet Your Next Mayor		https://t.co/saOjgWh5DJ
MSRB's brief on minimum denominations could lead to rewrite https://t.co/vRrijcSLOO
But the agreement was made with a stipulation the subcommittee would go back and examine the comments made by Commissioner Robert Jackson in which he supports eliminating the ability for these shares to exist in perpetuity.
A subpanel of the agency's Investor Advisory Committee decided to recommend the SEC's Division of Corporate Finance scrutinize disclosure documents filed by companies using such dual-class structures, comment on the documents and craft guidance to address issues that emerge.
A Securities and Exchange Commission advisory panel is considering whether to recommend the agency require any issuance of shares that convey unequal voting rights be temporary, rather than issued on a permanent basis https://t.co/kqbySlKRg1
Quintenz called for a new, private independent organization—like the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority or the National Futures Association—that would be able to conduct oversight for U.S. #cryptocurrency platforms.
"I think we've come to the point with cryptocurrencies where an independent body must step up, establish, and enforce the rules of  play," Commissioner Brian Quintenz @CFTCquintenz said in a speech at the DC Blockchain Summit.
Cryptocurrency exchanges may need a new enforcement agency, perhaps a self regulatory organization like those that preside over brokers or traders, a top Commodity Futures Trading Commission official says https://t.co/5boUsUAbLI
RT @NYMag: The NYPD is prepared to arrest Harvey Weinstein for felony sexual assault https://t.co/2rfif9T2tp
RT @NBCNews: JUST IN: Martin Shkreli sentenced to 7 years in prison for securities fraud. https://t.co/RVyjBzS6AR
Tailored investor education will help deter fraud, SEC panel says https://t.co/ZLcNaRTLfy
The researchers note that the program produced 18,000 tips, with the most  common allegations being violations in corporate disclosures and financials, Ponzi schemes, and Foreign Corrupt Practices Act violations.
The study by a professor and student at the University of Waterloo in Canada @UWaterloo finds that the #DoddFrank whistleblower program, enacted in 2011 by the Securities and Exchange Commission, resulted in a substantial decrease in U.S. firms misreporting their financials.
A whistleblower program introduced by #DoddFrank is discouraging "aggressive" financial reporting to artificially improve companies' financial outlook, according to a new study: https://t.co/yp0jkYRiTs
https://t.co/mywOhKyNF4
Bishop shot back, noting the agency has found money to finance its financial technology initiatives and to record podcasts. The agency would be able to provide "modest stipends" if the budget increase is approved, Giancarlo said.
@SanfordBishop asked what the agency has done for diversity; Giancarlo responded that the CFTC has run a diversity-based summer internship program for two years, but has not been able to find money to pay the interns.
Citing a survey on https://t.co/02CnyndWs3, which notes that while 60 percent of Americans have heard of bitcoin only 5 percent own it, DeLauro asked why the CFTC should focus its limited resources on an area that has a small stake in the financial landscape.
Rep. Rosa DeLauro, D-Conn. @rosadelauro, asked why the committee should support the "diversion of resources" to regulate a new financial world, which  includes virtual currencies such as #bitcoin, while shifting away from focusing on #DoddFrank regulations and protections.
Of the $31.5 million proposed increase to the budget, Democrats took aim at a $7 million increase for information technology.
The agency is not funded through fees, but there are proposals to allow fees to fund a portion of a budget increase. The subcommittee's ranking Democrat, Rep. Sanford D. Bishop Jr. of Georgia, @SanfordBishop said lawmakers are  leaning against approving new user fees.
Giancarlo said the budget "reflects the true needs of a policy setting and civil law enforcement agency that has the duty to ensure the derivatives markets operate effectively." For the past few years, the CFTC's budget has remained stagnant at about $250 million.
The agency's chairman, Christopher Giancarlo @giancarloCFTC, told a House Appropriations subcommittee on Wednesday that the CFTC's fiscal 2019  proposed budget of $281.5 million gives his agency much-needed resources.
Appropriations Democrats criticize @CFTC's financial technology moves: https://t.co/qfzejEGz6V
North Korea Signals Willingness to ‘Denuclearize,’ South Says https://t.co/c2VtLYDgT0
RT @business: Mississippi Senate approves 15-week abortion ban, earliest in the U.S. https://t.co/Up25vjzLwp https://t.co/kCTw3nGpOG
RT @RepDeSaulnier: Celebrating this #WomensHistoryMonth by reflecting on the many powerful contributions of women throughout our nation’s h…
CFTC chairman says rulemaking on swaps limit coming soon https://t.co/t3bqtkkOvv
The lawmakers want a "clean" omnibus measure without corporate or ideological add-ons https://t.co/D2lFGTSC3l
Sen. Patrick J. Leahy, D-Vt., @SenatorLeahy and Rep. Nita M. Lowey, D-N.Y., @NitaLowey joined consumer advocacy group @Public_Citizen in a letter on March 1 that said campaign finance and Wall Street riders need to be cut from the $1.2  trillion bill.
The top Democrats on the House and Senate appropriations committees want to cut from the omnibus spending package a multitude of "poison pill riders" that would scale back #DoddFrank provisions and other regulatory actions before the March 23 deadline for passage
Financial regulators' week includes hearing, panel meeting #securities https://t.co/vJwXzZFu4H
How to Buy a Gun in 15 Countries https://t.co/AbjWtwBA7Z
https://t.co/nApNpXh5sm
This component would work to make disclosure requirements more efficient and  reduce the amount of forms to be filled out, according to its sponsor, @SenDeanHeller, and cosponsor @Sen_JoeManchin
The measure expands access to capital for business development companies to make it easier for them to provide small-and mid-size businesses with financing  capital. It also establishes parity for business development companies relating to offering and proxy rules.
Introduced in mid-January, the Small Business Credit Availability Act #S2324, has since added 13 cosponsors from both parties.
A bill that would change securities laws to supply smaller companies with more financing capital is gaining bipartisan steam in the Senate with a flurry of additional cosponsors, hinting at an increasing chance the bill be taken up on the floor. https://t.co/u3054tvEWx
RT @RepGregoryMeeks: I just introduced H.R. 5106, a bill that would require public companies to disclose substantial financial relationship…
The grassroots activism has permeated the entire country, spurring students from high schools to walkout and march for action.
.@RepGregoryMeeks’s bill surfaces at a time when students from Marjory  Stoneman Douglas High School in #Parkland, Fla., who survived the Valentine’s Day shooting at the school that killed 17, are leading a national movement calling for stricter gun laws.
Rep. Gregory W. Meeks, D-N.Y. @RepGregoryMeeks, introduced #HR5106 on Tuesday to the House Financial Services Committee, a bill that would force public companies to disclose in an annual report any substantial financial relationship with a gun dealer/manufacturer.
A House Democrat wants more transparency on the monetary relationships between public companies and gun manufacturers, a move that comes in response to one of the country’s deadliest mass school shootings in U.S. history https://t.co/1NSJmtcWZv
RT @maggieNYT: SCOOP - Hope Hicks resigning White House in coming weeks https://t.co/UsgOnYCDQx
RT @CarolLeonnig: BIG DC STORY: More than half of students whose families claimed DC residency were faking it, according to a secret probe…
RT @annafifield: Here's the Brazilian passport that Kim Jong Un, or Josef Pwag if you prefer, used to travel as a teenager. Kudos to @Reute…
Dick’s, Major Gun Retailer, Will Stop Selling Assault-Style Rifles https://t.co/ZHud6YsgbR
SEC's newest members are opposites except on economic analysis https://t.co/OuwWM8JuM2
RT @politicoalex: NEW: McDaniel expected to challenge Wicker. Has recruited RICK TYLER and JOHN YOB for campaign https://t.co/YgAbAuJ5Uk
RT @CaseyCagle: I will kill any tax legislation that benefits @Delta unless the company changes its position and fully reinstates its relat…
Fund advocacy group praises decision to allow direct listings on @NYSE https://t.co/O0YeaDwNWT
NYT op-ed by @brianmastFL: I Appreciate Assault Weapons. And I Support a Ban. https://t.co/NIwN5mdSJq
Lawmakers to examine SEC's enforcement actions https://t.co/t9b7s3W6Vs
SEC extends deadline for classification component of liquidity rule https://t.co/Cf9l5dIDKg
RT @RepJoeKennedy: Underreported fact about chapstick: sometimes it’s best if you can’t find it. https://t.co/vqNZ7We4rW
SEC divided over new guidance on company #cybersecurity disclosure https://t.co/shCfctETGP
Cross-Atlantic between @TheFCA and @CFTC deal aims to promote emerging technologies https://t.co/6tzyUklonZ
SEC to give advisers a pass if they self-report disclosure lapses https://t.co/TPMvKzAYoj
CFTC @CFTC issues first cybersecurity-related enforcement action https://t.co/5jbuNhCSYK
Trump @realDonaldTrump has options in delaying Obama-era regulations, SEC lawyer says in Brookings piece: https://t.co/My0W3DNR41
RT @BarakRavid: BREAKING: Israeli police recommends the attorney general to indict Netanyahu in two cases of alleged bribery
RT @timkaine: Speaking of portraits...		Left: My official portrait as Governor.		Right: My official “Pancake Portrait,” which one of my sta…
. @CFTC official offers path forward on bitcoin futures after confusing public https://t.co/kBNvTZss5N
SEC official champions easier path to IPOs, with few details https://t.co/ypmayZu3RN
. @FINRA floats higher capital requirements for arbitration awards https://t.co/ukvpZTN5gf
RT @giancarloCFTC: NO ONE should send me any donation or contribution of any kind in any form, currency or coin.  Any such request is not f…
.@FINRA seeks comment on changes to encourage paying unsettled claims https://t.co/P2sNYLGYVs
.@MSRB_News offers free course on new 'markup' disclosure standards https://t.co/PU7PVvDGaP
This is a measure Giancarlo has long supported, and the agency has provided more certainty for some industries by pushing out compliance deadlines on new regulations to 2020 or later.
In one example from last year, the Treasury Department called for the CFTC staff to reduce its reliance on no-action letters, which are often temporary exemptions, interpretations or other forms of agency guidance that fall short of rulemaking.
The two met Wednesday for no more than 30 minutes at the White House.  Neither the CFTC nor the White House would comment on the meeting. But in many ways, the CFTC has been heeding Trump's call for agencies to flag laws and rules that do not help grow capital markets.
President Donald Trump's Oval Office meeting with Commodity Futures Trading Commission Chairman Christopher Giancarlo comes as the agency is tailoring financial regulations and shielding U.S. businesses from foreign oversight.
Trump @realDonaldTrump meets with @CFTC chairman @giancarloCFTC on expanding economy https://t.co/rZfmdKB5O7
RT @mattmfm: Shoutout to the chyron editor at CNN. https://t.co/va7AdIveAv
RT @Acosta: A retired general who served with COS Kelly in Iraq: "I don’t recognize Kelly." On Kelly's handling of Porter, "I don’t get it.…
RT @SenAngusKing: Great news for Maine - we're getting a lobster emoji!!! Thanks to @unicode for recognizing the impact of this critical cr…
Giancarlo noted that Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin @stevenmnuchin1 formed a virtual currency task force that includes the CFTC, the Federal Reserve, the Treasury's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network and the SEC to coordinate the agencies' approach.
Sen. Richard C. Shelby, R-Ala @SenShelby, asked the regulators if they would need new laws to accomplish what they want.		"We may be back with our friends from Treasury and the Fed to ask for additional legislation," Clayton replied.
Clayton said that every initial coin offering he has seen constitutes a security and should be regulated as such. The offer and sale of securities to the general public requires registration with the agency along with other investor protections required by federal securities law.
"As Chairman Giancarlo and I stated recently, we are open to exploring with Congress, as well as with our federal and state colleagues, whether increased federal regulation of cryptocurrency trading platforms is necessary or appropriate," Clayton added.
"The currently applicable regulatory framework for cryptocurrency trading was not designed with trading of the type we are witnessing in mind," Clayton said.
Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Jay Clayton and Commodity  Futures Trading Commission Chairman Christopher Giancarlo @giancarloCFTC, in remarks before the Senate Banking Committee, signaled that legislation might be needed to better regulate digital assets.
Financial regulators are open to increased #cryptocurrency oversight https://t.co/CWkmGEObvt
RT @kackleyZ: Tim Pawlenty is leaving a $2.6m annual salary (per 2015 form 990) at the helm of the Financial Services Roundtable. Speculati…
RT @arappeport: Rep. Michael Capuano of Massachusetts enters the house financial services hearing in an EAGLES helmet. https://t.co/cVxYJ3l…
.@FINRA creates two new advisory committees, makes other changes #securities https://t.co/5r0JuZlZxa
New @FINRA rules help combat financial exploitation of elderly, vulnerable #securities https://t.co/VdGym7cxoX
RT @charlie_savage: NYT asks Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to unseal Carter Page FISA warrant applications, orders, and related m…
RT @Dan_Shaughnessy: Bill Belichick owes Patriot Nation a real explanation  https://t.co/Q5sf0bMWj8 via @BostonGlobe
RT @ddale8: Whoa: the Las Vegas Review-Journal reports, on its front page, that the Review-Journal killed a story 20 years ago that would h…
RT @darrenrovell: BREAKING: Bud Light says it will come through with promise. 		Representatives will be at taverns along the Eagles parade…
RT @jaketapper: On #CNNSOTU @jahimes says the FBI 'didn't mislead judge' https://t.co/UXxKe3eos2
RT @StevenTDennis: The only Republican on House intel who saw the underlying FISA intel is most definitely NOT agreeing with Trump &amp; Co. he…
RT @holy_cross: The College of the Holy Cross will continue to be known as the Crusaders, the Board of Trustees decided Saturday following…
Senators @SenStabenow and  @SenPatRoberts  want answers on #bitcoin oversight by @CFTC https://t.co/Hoh1Q337xZ
. @CFTC wants to change how swaps are measured https://t.co/sh6vWkNNU4
RT @Comey: All should appreciate the FBI speaking up. I wish more of our leaders would. But take heart: American history shows that, in the…
https://t.co/7L1mjPbDyP
. @CFTC official calls for fewer restrictions on 'bona fide' hedging https://t.co/1uAp2LBc72
Regulators to address #cryptocurrencies at Senate Banking https://t.co/dnb7wdGrqO
Regulators defend #bitcoin futures decision, but seek improvements https://t.co/v3fWlI7ZUu
RT @FACTCoalition: As we consider economic sanctions for North Korea, we can’t ignore how Iran evaded our earlier sanctions—by establishing…
Also known as the Small Business Access to Capital After a Natural Disaster Act, the bill enjoys strong bipartisan support. The measure advanced 57-0 in the House Financial Services Committee.
She said a small business advocacy group in Puerto Rico estimated that two-thirds of the island's roughly 45,000 small and midsize businesses closed temporarily, and as many as 10,000 will never reopen.
Sponsored by @NydiaVelazquez, the bill seeks to facilitate the rebuilding effort for afflicted businesses. Velazquez said on the House floor that "2017 was the costliest year on record for weather and climate disasters in the United States."
Last year's hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria wreaked havoc on parts of the United States. The bill also addresses businesses damaged by mudslides and wildfires in California.
The measure #HR4792 directs the Securities and Exchange Commission's Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation to flag unique challenges for small businesses leveled by storms including hurricanes and tornadoes. It passed by voice vote on Monday.
Businesses decimated by natural disasters would get special consideration from securities regulators in a bill the House passed that seeks to boost the ability for these companies to access capital markets https://t.co/Hj3Ro3rEU8
It is expected to be considered by the full Senate in the near future.
Similar legislation is alive in the Senate. The Senior Safe Act #S223 is sponsored by @SenatorCollins and @clairecmc, and would also shield those who report potential scams from legal repercussions. The bill was approved by the Senate Banking Committee in December 2017.
The language was incorporated into the legislation from another bill, the Senior Safe Act #HR3758, sponsored by @RepSinema and @RepPoliquin.
Those who receive the training would not be subject to legal liability when they disclose the suspected financial abuse of a senior citizen to a covered agency. That same legal protection extends to covered financial institutions.
Under the bill, the training would be mandated for employees who could come into contact with senior citizens or review their financial data as part of their job and would have the ability to determine whether a transaction could be the subject of a scam.
The measure #HR2255, sponsored by @repdavetrott, would require financial institutions to train certain employees on financial abuse of senior citizens on when to report possible cases of exploitation. It passed by voice vote.
Anti-fraud bill to protect senior investors passes House https://t.co/HuDso90pTD
RT @shomaristone: BREAKING: DC High School Student Dead After Classroom Attack. Before he died, the special needs student told police at le…
Group applauds delay on Nasdaq's more lenient standards for SPACs #securities https://t.co/zILWCSAb40
New accounting guide updates computer 'tagging' of financial information https://t.co/2cQXNYycnb
.@Nasdaq now allows sub-penny quoting #securities https://t.co/azKBjoKZt3
RT @PerryStein: The latest city-commissioned D.C. graduation report is damning: 1/3 of 2017 graduates did not meet city graduation requirem…
SEC asks businesses to voluntarily report on diversity #securities https://t.co/NJaPMBeAEo
RT @mviser: Joe Kennedy to @bterris (the pride of Concord, MA): “I’m just hoping I can make it on and off the stage without tripping, dehyd…
RT @AndrewLHamm: This ended up being the longest nomination without Senate action until Merrick Garland https://t.co/3T6rwA550b
RT @jscheckerNBCCT: #BreakingNews Spokesperson for Justice for Jayson group says Waterbury State’s Attorney has declined to file charges ag…
RT @erindbacon: Four months ago Tillis stressed the importance of this bill to me, saying Republicans need to act while they're in the majo…
RT @jaketapper: Can’t stop won’t stop https://t.co/sWuUYrhQIz
The U.S. Treasury Department says any Americans who deal with Venezuela's proposed "petro" digital currency would be violating economic sanctions on that country.
Treasury warns US investors about Venezuelan #cryptocurrency https://t.co/5XbLYZA3My
RT @JonathanTamari: Meehan on "soul mate": I truly didn’t even consider or understand the full implications of the use of that term...to me…
RT @JonathanTamari: @RepMeehan Meehan wrote a letter to his campaign chair defending his conduct - saying he needs "to own" the fall out &amp;…
RT @JonathanTamari: BREAKING: @RepMeehan will not seek reelection amid sexual harassment furor. Informed Paul Ryan's office today: https://…
RT @sahilkapur: NEW: @TedCruz blasts the idea of granting a path to citizenship for Dreamers.		“I do not believe we should be granting a pa…
CFTC accuses company of running #cryptocurrency scam https://t.co/49mkNVLkFH
RT @hannahdreier: A sense of what this kind of inflation feels like: Over the summer, I was paying 500,000 bolivars a month to rent a nice…
SEC is working #DoddFrank drilling rule that Congress rescinded https://t.co/PdqIVLQzdt
CFTC's Behnam names legal team https://t.co/58j2gPsZzw
RT @giancarloCFTC: SEC Chairman Clayton &amp; I penned an op-ed in today’s @WSJ on virtual currency. We will continue to work together to bring…
SEC leader says shareholder engagement issues need review #securities https://t.co/JQH7aHTcwz
He said this approach has spurred such clients to proceed with the ICO and risk not complying with securities laws. This, Clayton said, "deprives investors of the substantive and  procedural investor protection requirements of our securities laws."
Lawyers have said the offerings are not securities, thus resulting in promoters skirting compliance requirements prescribed by securities laws, or they have said it isn't clear whether the products are securities or not.
An example Clayton cited as "most disturbing" to him is where lawyers are helping promoters craft the offering of products that closely mirror a securities offering, but refer to it as an ICO, which sounds like IPO, an initial public offering of stock.
Jay Clayton said securities lawyers, accountants, underwriters and dealers are expected to conduct themselves responsibly, but the recent handling of initial coin offerings have shown him they can all improve.
SEC chairman scolds securities lawyers on their handling of #ICOs https://t.co/wFu6ablbna
RT @kenvogel: .@RepMeehan voted against the GOP bill to repeal Obamacare partly to try to please a female aide he saw as his soulmate, per…
RT @juliehdavis: True love, Washington style = "I broke with my party for you" https://t.co/JEPdZcAFlT
RT @CFTC: .@CFTC charges two individuals &amp; My Big Coin Pay, Inc. with fraud &amp; misappropriation in ongoing Virtual Currency scam: https://t.…
RT @lynnsweet: My scoop: Sen. @SenDuckworth is pregnant, due in April. Will be the first senator to give birth while in office. Other congr…
RT @JonathanTamari: NEW: @RepMeehan says he developed "affection" for younger aide, saw her as a "soul mate" but denies harassment. Says he…
RT @CFTCbehnam: Very fortunate to have 3 superb professionals join my staff.  https://t.co/zloAZRoFjL
. @CFTC cancels advisory panel on technology because of #shutdown https://t.co/si33SdXZtk
. @CFTC to give broader input to those affected by #bitcoin futures https://t.co/nIGdrveIxY
RT @CFTC: Due to the lapse in appropriations, the Technology Advisory Committee meeting scheduled for Tuesday, January 23rd is cancelled an…
RT @CFTCquintenz: Looking forward to rescheduling our Technology Advisity Committee meeting ASAP. Excited to hear from some brilliant folks…
RT @SEC_News: Six accountants charged with using leaked confidential PCAOB data in quest to improve inspection results for KPMG https://t.c…
. @Nasdaq gets SEC approval to list Brandes Value NextShares #securities https://t.co/qE2YwyXsMz
SEC outlines needed answers before allowing #bitcoin ETFs #securities https://t.co/8I78mqm8lf
RT @giacomonyt: "Inside North Korea: The Kim Dynasty," a National Geographic documentary with @dguttenfelder, @SangerNYT &amp; @giacomonyt, @Na…
RT @CapLounge: Available at 12:01AM https://t.co/P0smk3Svsc
RT @SEC_News: 1/2  Should there be a federal government shutdown after January 19, the SEC will remain open for a limited number of days, f…
RT @JakeSherman: There is very serious concern rippling through the House Republican Conference that they are about to get hosed by the pre…
RT @EricLiptonNYT: Reality TV Meets DOJ. https://t.co/nj5JFMPMRO
NSCC clearinghouse seeks changes to its volatility calculations https://t.co/fe4d2kHHnk
RT @AndrewGiambrone: For years, homeless individuals  have lived under Amtrak/Metro tracks in DC’s rapidly changing NoMa neighborhood. But…
CFTC @CFTC names new senior counsel to its chairman https://t.co/nbJMn6K0Ey
They have also signaled a willingness to relax the threshold that places big banks under increased scrutiny.
Many lawmakers have called for a change to the Volcker Rule, which mostly forbids speculative trading by large financial institutions. Members of Congress  agree that the rule needs to be amended resulting in either repealing the mandate for small or all banks.
A bill introduced by @RepFrenchHill Rep. French Hill, R-Ark., #HR4790 would amend the Volcker Rule and give the Federal Reserve Board of Governors explicit  power to exempt community banks from the rule's mandates.
The bill has bipartisan support and is sponsored by @KeithRothfus Rep. Keith Rothfus, R-Pa.
The Consumer Financial Choice and Capital Markets Protection Act #HR2319 would allow money market funds, regardless of whether they have  retail or institutional investors, the ability to use the stable Net Asset Value approach to calculate price per share.
Sponsored by @RepDennisRoss Rep. Dennis A. Ross, R-Fla., the bipartisan bill seeks to encourage other forms of risk mitigation before choosing to impose  higher prudential standards.
The Financial Stability Oversight Council Improvement Act #HR4061 would make it more cumbersome for FSOC to subject a U.S. or foreign nonbank financial company to supervision by the Federal Reserve.
Sponsored by @RepTomEmmer Rep. Tom Emmer, R-Minn., the measure puts the burden of proof on the security holder to provide "clear and convincing evidence."
The Mutual Fund Litigation Reform Act #HR4738 would instill a high burden of proof for allegations of a breach of the fiduciary duty in derivative trading. Fiduciary duties require financial professionals to act in the best interest of their clients.
Harvey decimated the Houston area and surrounding parts of Texas;  Irma hit the Florida Keys hard; and Maria cut power and destroyed crucial infrastructure in #PuertoRico. Much of the island is still without power.
Sponsored by @NydiaVelazquez, the bill would direct the SEC's Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation to flag unique challenges for small businesses—such as those ravaged by hurricanes Harvey, Irma and  Maria—in accessing capital because of the disasters.
Another measure, The Small Business Access to Capital After a Natural Disaster Act #HR4792, proposes to offer aid to businesses affected by the swarm of hurricanes and natural disasters last year.
A spokesman for @RepHuizenga said large traders must register with the SEC and obtain a Large Trader Identification number, and that number would still be provided to the CAT system if the bill were to become law.
The American Customer Information Protection Act, #HR4785, sponsored by  @RepHuizenga Rep. Bill Huizenga, R-Mich., would aim to comfort these fears by preventing CAT from using personally identifiable information—with an  exception for "large traders."
The Securities and Exchange Commission has been working with exchanges to roll it out since 2010. Both Democrats and Republicans have questioned the level of security in the CAT, especially in the wake of the breach last year in the SEC's EDGAR filing system.
The CAT, operated by third-party vendor Thesys Technologies LLC, is a plan to store volumes of trading data from stock markets, estimated at 60 billion records a day, spanning 100 million market participants around the world, 2,000 financial firms and 20 exchanges.
One bill, #HR4785, would forbid a new trade audit system from obtaining personal information. Committee members @FinancialCmte have expressed concern the Consolidated Audit Trail is not secure.
House Finance @FinancialCmte to consider fiduciary rule, CAT and Volcker Rule today #securities https://t.co/Ij5cdS0Xk8
New-look SEC has major Capitol Hill pedigree #securities https://t.co/kBpyp6vlQV
"Back2Good" https://t.co/klmXDCCQmC
Another #bitcoin ETF is proposed, despite SEC stance #securities https://t.co/NbNKBd04Ux
Electronic bond trading blooms amid fragmentation concerns #securities https://t.co/AkHBdqa2pj
RT @jdawsey1: White House official told me tonight there is debate internally on whether Trump said "shithole" or "shithouse." Perdue and C…
RT @tatereeves: The liberal press in Mississippi is actively trying to turn Mississippi from a red state to a blue state, but conservatives…
Bond experts tell SEC panel of need for non-executed trade research #securities https://t.co/Nl8LIYz8Sg
SEC names new Atlanta regional director #securities https://t.co/ZYKj4rE1rS
FASB issues update to ease lease standard requirements https://t.co/CPn8yq1eTV
@Nasdaq ISE seeks to list p.m.-settled options #securities https://t.co/ZzcHjd7oGM
@FINRA to focus on coin offerings, cryptocurrencies in 2018 #bitcoin #securities https://t.co/JjGtrmXama
DTCC rolls out 'exception' manager to streamline settlements #securities https://t.co/nEyVishVQF
SEC delays #bitcoin ETFs, forcing firms to wait #securities https://t.co/XaJLl0o1sk
Cboe BZX moves to list iShares Gold Exposure ETF #securities https://t.co/c7eQKdZAct
RT @Reuters: Fund managers say U.S. regulator told them to suspend bitcoin bids https://t.co/CiyWXYO2Xj
RT @wcp: A Q&amp;A with the 28-year-old vying for the Democratic at-large seat that Anita Bonds currently holds.		https://t.co/pSHI2L9vqD https…
Nasdaq proposes to list ETF #securities https://t.co/PsFhDb1IHO
Regulators warn of cryptocurrency investments' 'substantial' risk #securities https://t.co/g3CfUFiKkW
RT @nytmike: EXCLUSIVE: Mueller's Investigation reveals details of how Trump had WH counsel lobby Sessions not to recuse; how a WH lawyer t…
RT @washingtonian: Hard times for DC’s Current Newspapers, including late paychecks, lapsed insurance policies, and unpaid bills. https://t…
Cboe BZX proposes two bitcoin ETFs #securities https://t.co/PqdTGDQE48
PCAOB welcomes board members as panel prepares for cybersecurity issues #securities https://t.co/j3DVA1MIZp
SEC reports on credit raters find several shortcomings #securities https://t.co/U8AMhA8tpu
Cboe BZX seeks to add two bitcoin exchange-traded funds #securities https://t.co/McN35kooVN
SEC associate enforcement director departs for private practice #securities https://t.co/XXyJedOqL0
SEC issues accounting guidance on complying with tax overhaul #securities https://t.co/TAG29FYPYc
SEC names former assistant U.S. attorney as New York office director #securities https://t.co/bgq4ZETJzO
New commissioners bring SEC back to full strength #securities https://t.co/J0h9Iubo9j
RT @GeminiDotCom: Monitoring: BTC deposits and withdrawals are temporarily unavailable due to a delay in block mining on the Bitcoin … http…
SEC issues accounting guidance on complying with tax overhaul #securities https://t.co/TAG29FYPYc
SEC names former assistant U.S. attorney as New York office director #securities https://t.co/bgq4ZETJzO
New commissioners bring SEC back to full strength #Securities https://t.co/J0h9Iubo9j
Recovery from Madoff Ponzi scheme heads into ninth year #securities https://t.co/k1O95zSEoS
"The Vatican announced that the pope would preside over funeral rites on Thursday morning in St. Peter’s Basilica, an honor accorded to all cardinals based in Rome."
Bernard Law, Powerful Cardinal Disgraced by Priest Abuse Scandal, Dies at 86 https://t.co/txaMFZfIMK
https://t.co/b2v1P5TTok
RT @adamgoldmanNYT: A total of 65 journalists were killed in 2017, 326 are currently in prison, and 54 are held hostage.
The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC @Nasdaq will shorten the length of the display-only period for securities in an initial public offering to allow public trading to start faster in some cases #securities https://t.co/IVWux4j4wq
RT @washingtonian: Washington City Paper Staff’s Salaries Cut By 40 Percent as Owner Struggles to Find Buyer		https://t.co/8HM7SCmQdJ
RT @SEC_News: Marc P. Berger named Director of New York Regional Office https://t.co/lHgeycHS35
RT @seattletimes: Follow our staffers at the scene of the Amtrak derailment near Olympia: @jessleeST @SJGTimes @sringman @ellenbanner @hber…
RT @PhilipRucker: In private conversations with advisers, Trump doesn’t say he’ll fire Mueller BUT he bashes Sessions as “weak” and Rosenst…
.@MSRB_News investor education disclosure deadline approaches #securities https://t.co/qpREDK2PIN
.@CFTC adds 21 foreign entities to list of unregistered ventures #securities https://t.co/0GJYyFHEnL
RT @LauraEWeiss16: .@RepSeanDuffy bill to strengthen regulation of proxy advisers would come at little cost to those firms, CBO says. #HR40…
@FinancialCmte @RepHuizenga @RepEdRoyce @Nasdaq @NYSE Rep. Royce's @RepEdRoyce bill garnered support from 12 Democrats, including @RepMaloney and @jahimes
@RepEdRoyce @RepMaloney @jahimes More companies would be eligible to use a less burdensome securities registration form through a bill (HR 4529) sponsored by @RepAnnWagner, which advanced on a party-line vote of 34-26: https://t.co/BSBCYi46Gx
@FinancialCmte @RepHuizenga The panel also approved by a 46-14 vote a bill (HR 4546), sponsored by @RepEdRoyce, that would expand the state regulatory exemption held by the @Nasdaq and @NYSE to all national securities exchanges regulated by the SEC.
@FinancialCmte One bill, sponsored by @RepHuizenga, would retract the SEC's ability to mandate disclosure of payments from mining and drilling companies to foreign governments in their annual reports. It was approved 33-27.
@FinancialCmte The committee advanced three Republican-backed securities bills that would roll back part of the Dodd-Frank financial overhaul and relax Securities and Exchange  Commission regulations.
House Financial Services @FinancialCmte approves bills targeting #DoddFrank: https://t.co/BSBCYi46Gx
Another bipartisan Senate bill (S 1454) also aims to crack down on beneficial ownership loopholes. Unlike the other bills, it would require states, instead of the federal government, to collect the information on real owners at the time a company is created.
the issue by creating a central database accessible to law enforcement and financial institutions that lists the owners of companies as they are incorporated. Supporters say the bills could make it to the floor of each chamber in coming months.
Lawmakers say legislation proposed this session would repeal U.S. laws that facilitate illegal activity and undermine the nation's tax system. Two bipartisan bills, one in the House (HR 3089) sponsored by @RepMaloney and one in the Senate, (S 1717) sponsored by @RonWyden address
Because no state requires the collection of information about the ultimate, or  beneficial, owners of companies, according to "The Great Rip Off,"  a report on anonymous companies by Global Witness, a human rights organization.
In the United States, it's easier to set up an anonymous shell company than to get a library card. That's made the country fertile ground for tax evasion, organized crime, terrorism and human trafficking
Congress targets shell company laws that lure global criminals to US: https://t.co/Q7x5yCegsK
RT @ForeignPolicy: The man in charge of investigating misconduct in Congress is being sued for abusing his power ... and accused of assault…
Arrests of Reuters Reporters in Myanmar Add to Fears About Press Freedom https://t.co/x4OT3XAK5Y
RT @mj_lee: Former aide also says Farenthold regularly called aides “fucktards.”		Farenthold acknowledged to CNN today that this is true, a…
PCAOB @PCAOB_News member says big four accounting firms are cause for concern https://t.co/a6dAnMIx5n
SEC charges CEO for using company funds on friends' cosmetic surgery #securities https://t.co/mXZ2Hh44Qy
This follows a well-established standard for a security--the potential for profits based on the entrepreneurial efforts of others. Clayton said no ICO has registered with the agency. Those selling ICOs will need to register as brokers.
That means the dozens of coin offerings this year could be considered to be in violation of securities laws if digital tokens are offered to the public without being registered as a security
Chairman Jay Clayton offered the SEC's opinion that the majority of ICOs he has  seen include the offer and sale of securities and "directly implicate the securities registration requirements and other investor protection provisions of our federal securities laws."
The head of the Securities and Exchange Commission is cautioning that the bulk of initial coin offerings completed so far are subject to agency regulation and enforcement and may be violate those rules #securities https://t.co/66axBa1Wr3
SEC names new head of Complex Financial Instruments Unit #securities https://t.co/K75LF3ZWzu
Entire Public Company Accounting Oversight Board panel to turn over in January @PCAOB_News https://t.co/6fZVUNUcSd
RT @CQnow: Doug Jones becomes the first Democratic senator to represent Alabama in the Senate since Howell Heflin in 1996. 		His win also n…
Here's a preview of the #securities bills being considered today by @FinancialCmte https://t.co/rsiAMVhmly https://t.co/OHtTTrUh76
@SEC_News @FinancialCmte @realDonaldTrump @RepHuizenga @RepEdRoyce @AnnLWagner @KeithRothfus @RepPoliquin It would also allow the @federalreserve to limit stress testing requirements on the institutions it supervises https://t.co/rsiAMVhmly
@SEC_News @FinancialCmte @realDonaldTrump @RepHuizenga @RepEdRoyce @AnnLWagner @KeithRothfus @RepPoliquin has a bill (HR 4566) that would exempt financial institutions that are not banks and not under supervision of the Federal Reserve from #DoddFrank stress testing requirements.
@SEC_News @FinancialCmte @realDonaldTrump @RepHuizenga @RepEdRoyce @AnnLWagner The Consumer Financial Choice and Capital Markets Protection Act (HR  2319), introduced by @KeithRothfus, would undo parts of an SEC rule on money market funds and allow money market funds that have  both retail and institutional investors to use net asset value approach
@SEC_News @FinancialCmte @realDonaldTrump @RepHuizenga @RepEdRoyce A bill by @AnnLWagner, the Accelerating Access to Capital Act (HR 4529), would expand the list of companies eligible to use a less cumbersome securities registration form.
@SEC_News @FinancialCmte @realDonaldTrump @RepHuizenga Another bill up for vote is the National Securities Exchange Regulatory  Parity Act (HR 4546), which was also introduced last year by @RepEdRoyce, that would expand the state regulatory exemption to all national securities exchanges regulated by the SEC.
@SEC_News @FinancialCmte @realDonaldTrump That resolution eliminated an existing SEC rule to that effect. The agency's discretion to institute such a rule came from the 2010 #DoddFrank financial regulatory overhaul. This bill, sponsored by @RepHuizenga would prevent the SEC from further rulemaking on the matter
@SEC_News @FinancialCmte One bill (HR 4519) would revoke the SEC's ability to require drillers and mining companies to disclose payments to foreign governments in annual reports. It would build on a previous Republican-buoyed joint resolution, signed by @realDonaldTrump earlier this year
Several Republican-sponsored bills seeking to chip away at #DoddFrank laws and loosen SEC @SEC_News rules are set for debate and vote at the @FinancialCmte House Financial Services Committee today.
.@MSRB_News to collect more information on fees charged by underwriters #securities https://t.co/U0xzOYNVRi
@FIAconnect @CFTC @giancarloCFTC @CBOE Futures Exchange now offers contracts for #bitcoin futures, and the price of the contracts soared in their debut. Cboe contracts with the Options Clearing Corp. for clearing.
@FIAconnect @CFTC In an open letter to @giancarloCFTC on Thursday, FIA President Walt Lukken said the previous week's decision by the agency to allow exchanges to self-certify #bitcoin products for trading almost immediately poses major risks
.@FIAconnect calls on @CFTC to reconsider listing of cryptocurrency derivatives #bitcoin https://t.co/qK7coKjFNt
RT @SEC_News: Statement: Statement on Cryptocurrencies and Initial Coin Offerings https://t.co/q53NSdLBC5
@RepMaloney @RonWyden @SenWhitehouse Supporters say the bills could make it to the floor of each chamber in coming months.
Bipartisan bills sponsored by @RepMaloney, @RonWyden and @SenWhitehouse  address the issue by creating a central database accessible to law enforcement and financial institutions that lists the owners of companies as they are incorporated.
RT @CQnow: Shell Companies Targeted in Legislation ($)	https://t.co/KBNbvQV8V4	by @chrismmarquette #CQMagazine https://t.co/IOqPZzpKDw
It's easier in most states to start an anonymous shell company than it is to obtain a library card. Lawmakers and experts say legislation proposed this session would eliminate loopholes that facilitate illegal activity and undermine the nation’s tax system. https://t.co/jx12ABdz6t
An SEC advisory panel seems amenable to requiring more intense reporting on cybersecurity risks #securities https://t.co/6NxNNOj1Ju
A major challenge for the SEC in the coming year is to make sure its approach to exchange-traded products progresses as the market matures, according to one commissioner #securities https://t.co/cqaTjRMkR2
Two dozen large financial firms, including @RBC and @business, are calling on the SEC to make securities exchanges reveal more about their fees to supply market data #securities https://t.co/T0dvmnngxP
RT @CoachBilly1: Less than 2 years ago, Harding's current QB was ruled academically ineligible, while playing DB. He was also homeless. He…
RT @BostonGlobe: #BREAKING: Boston Herald is being sold to Gatehouse, files for Chapter 11, company says.  https://t.co/Xd5gTyoh0k https://…
@Public_Citizen @AFLCIO It argues that since the U.S. Supreme Court's decision in Citizens United v. FEC in 2010, "corporations have been allowed to spend unlimited undisclosed amounts of money to influence American elections and in turn affect policy outcomes."
@Public_Citizen The letter, also signed by the @AFLCIO, says that without a political disclosure rule from the SEC, there are no regulations in place to  ensure shareholders are informed on how the companies they own are  spending money in politics.
Advocacy groups, including @Public_Citizen, urge Congress to let SEC make political spending rules #securities https://t.co/XHwMXFchf1
RT @bridgetbhc: NEWS: Arizona GOP Rep. Trent Franks expected to resign https://t.co/O7vSvMJxfx w/ @lindsemcpherson
RT @clairecmc: This Minneapolis editorial captures the essence of the Al Franken accusations and resignation. https://t.co/0oBtM7yNNd https…
.@CBOE exchange proposes to list series of its own ETFs #securities https://t.co/dAOujLi44F
.@CBOE Futures Exchange to offer automated trading in Hong Kong #securities https://t.co/e3O7b6aTay
RT @ClarkGascoigne: Delaware’s finest former senator, Joe Biden, calls on Congress to end #AnonymousCompanies &amp; crackdown on real estate mo…
RT @elianayjohnson: Amazing story from @NPR on DC high school passing students w chronic absences, failing test scores -- and sending them…
RT @Liz_A_Harris: In New York, people who were sexually abused as children have until they’re 23 to sue or press charges, then they’re out…
RT @AsteadWesley: "If Al Franken is in the Senate, if John Conyers and others are staying, then why not have Roy Moore?" - @GovMikeHuckabee…
RT @sfpathe: Should Franken step down, the special election to fill his seat would be Nov. 2018 https://t.co/2Bs6oKFiHw
. @MSRB_News MSRB extends comment deadline for compliance practices #securities https://t.co/KdrvObEzN3
SEC's chief accountant says the agency is easing transition to new standards #securities https://t.co/oLFJxLWkdh
@RepHuizenga While the resolution nullified the SEC's past efforts on this front, the bill would prevent it from pursuing the matter in the future.
@RepHuizenga HR 4519 would complement a previous Republican-endorsed joint resolution signed by President Donald Trump in February that ended an existing SEC extraction rule. The rule stemmed from the 2010 #DoddFrank financial regulatory overhaul
@RepHuizenga It would eliminate the Securities and Exchange Commission's power to require drillers and mining companies to reveal payments to foreign governments in annual reports.
A House bill, introduced by @RepHuizenga, would nullify SEC's ability to impose extraction payment rule #securities https://t.co/iSpnyG0ub7
RT @SenBobCasey: I agree with my colleagues who have stepped forward today and called on Senator Franken to resign. We can’t just believe w…
RT @SenKamalaHarris: Sexual harassment and misconduct should not be allowed by anyone and should not occur anywhere. I believe the best thi…
RT @SenatorHassan: It is clear that Al Franken has engaged in a pattern of egregious and unacceptable behavior toward women. He should resi…
RT @clairecmc: Al Franken should resign.
RT @SenGillibrand: As elected officials, we should be held to the highest standards—not the lowest. The allegations against Sen. Franken de…
RT @washingtonpost: Bill would let poor D.C. drivers keep licenses despite unpaid parking tickets https://t.co/sQYyUCwTgp
RT @darrenrovell: Joel Embiid next to Jose Altuve tonight (📷 by @nba) https://t.co/GUdPTJEEVJ
RT @JeffFlake: Country over Party https://t.co/JZMTaEYdxQ
@RepHuizenga Chris Concannon, the president of @CBOE , said he was hesitant for Cboe to begin reporting. The CAT, or consolidated audit trail, is still without a chief information security officer.
At a House Capital Markets, Securities and Investment subcommittee meeting Chairman @RepHuizenga said though the stock exchanges are physically capable of beginning to report trade data to the Consolidated Audit Trail, he is not confident in CAT's ability to protect data
House subcommittee casts major doubt on data repository's readiness #securities https://t.co/hHSoc3DLlv
SEC's first cyber unit enforcement action signals its intent to police virtual currencies across borders as it would watch more traditional #securities https://t.co/DpFMq824iP
RT @AndrewLHamm: This could be the end of the federal ban on sports betting https://t.co/EukmhhKmVl
RT @darrenrovell: Oral arguments in New Jersey sports betting case in front of the Supreme Court tomorrow. Will this change the face of how…
RT @SachaPfeiffer: Why reporters exist: to find &amp; write stories like this. Janitor of 3 decades faces layoff due to @UMass budget cuts &amp; fi…
RT @Comey: “I want the American people to know this truth: The FBI is honest. The FBI is strong. And the FBI is, and always will be, indepe…
RT @CongPalazzo: Good morning. https://t.co/O2rDIlGWPe
.@CFTC Commissioner Brian Quintenz touts financial initiative's tech-neutral focus at speech in London #securities https://t.co/iVqZF9lAw2
SEC committee to encourage electronic investment firm reports #securities https://t.co/O17dE5wayU
The Securities and Exchange Commission @SEC_News is looking at giving reduced regulatory obligations to a broader range of companies, says Chairman Jay Clayton #securities https://t.co/lGmWC3or7c
.@The_DTCC CEO Michael Bodson said in a speech Tuesday his company is working with three firms to revamp and reconfigure its trade information warehouse using distributed ledger technology. #securities https://t.co/RnyryFR7S5
.@CBOE BZX alters strike price intervals #securities https://t.co/Xvw6uqqWxt
@CBOE BZX alters strike price intervals #securities https://t.co/Xvw6uqqWxt
.@SEC_News SEC Chairman Jay Clayton supports increased @USTreasury market reporting. Clayton's stance is key because SEC would have to approve @FINRA rule change #securities https://t.co/ef3CXcg9VW
.@Scotus appears wary of SEC's reasoning in anti-retaliation case (Digital Realty Trust v. Somers) concerning #DoddFrank #Whistleblower definition https://t.co/1I5VmboB3H
.@CFTC enforcement actions see sharp decline in 2017 #securities https://t.co/m8Fe4KEAin
Ratings companies avoid conflict disclosure on overseas products #securities https://t.co/uAcdBAAjUn
RT @Redskins: @LFletcher59 "The equivalent to a LeBron James" - @wilfork75 		https://t.co/fdhjsMpidJ https://t.co/uL3DK0XITD
RT @LauraEWeiss16: On CQ’s The Week Ahead podcast, I talk about how the Republican tax plan could impact young adults like me based on my r…
SEC @SEC_News sees sharp decline in enforcement under Chairman Jay Clayton #securities https://t.co/QPjlH1eaCc
SEC @SEC_News names new deputy director of investment management division #securities	 https://t.co/vrykE6Nf2j
@SEC_News That effort encouraged issuers, underwriters and sellers of municipal securities to self-report violations, like misstatements or omissions, by offering them more  lenient settlement terms #Securities
@SEC_News The report says the elimination of the SEC's Municipalities Continuing Disclosure Cooperation Initiative at the end of 2016 meant 84 fewer enforcement actions brought in 2017 #Securities
The @SEC_News filed many fewer public finance abuse cases in its recently ended fiscal year after it ended a program allowing those who committed municipal  bond violations to self-report #Securities https://t.co/hjNo3N2E8f
@USTreasury The guidance comes after a Republican effort to repeal Title VIII and effectively end the ability of the council to impose additional regulations on systemically important institutions. The measure, #HR4247, sponsored by @RepTedBudd was approved by the @FinancialCmte Nov. 15
@USTreasury FSOC was created by Title VIII of the #DoddFrank  Act and brings together several of the nation's top financial  regulators.  It can designate financial market  utilities such as  clearinghouses and other companies as "systemically  important" and  impose extra regulations
.@USTreasury recommends lesser regulatory role for Financial Stability Oversight Council (FSOC) https://t.co/aR3iBNdX8P 1/3
RT @SEC_News: SEC Names Paul G. Cellupica as Deputy Director of the Division of Investment Management https://t.co/QrLEcbSKRZ
Audit quality improves, according to @AICPA accounting group #securities https://t.co/M2eLahhGr1
MSRB @MSRB_News seeks public input on improving compliance, regulatory understanding #securities	https://t.co/og8IYWlhSa
RT @ClarkGascoigne: It's not just banks—Dow, Salesforce, Unilever &amp; many companies (large &amp; small) believe it's time to end the abuse of #A…
RT @Aarondklein: New @USTreasury report on #FSOC #SIFI designation has +/-.	+ Focus on activities &amp; practices, not institutions &amp; designati…
@FinancialCmte Approved 33-25, @RepTedBudd's "Restoring Financial Market Freedom Act," would repeal Title VIII of Dodd-Frank #securities https://t.co/ZbUYMssHiQ
The @FinancialCmte approves bills to repeal Dodd-Frank mandates, including clearinghouse scrutiny, conflict minerals #securities https://t.co/ZbUYMssHiQ
Financial associations, including @SIFMA, ask @SEC_News to end antiquated recordkeeping #Securities https://t.co/mjHPclf07G
RT @bridgetbhc: NRCC calling on Democratic candidates/lawmakers to return donations from Al Franken https://t.co/OhAhKY7MNk
RT @nielslesniewski: Paper statement from @SenateMajLdr calling for the Ethics Committee to review the Franken allegations	https://t.co/8LF…
SEC @SEC_News Chairman Jay Clayton bucks exchanges' request to delay the consolidated audit trail (CAT) system #securities https://t.co/wYp5lMlxLT
In speech @Georgetown @CFTC Commissioner, Rostin Behnam, says swap clearing, reporting need reexamination #securities https://t.co/py9paJIejb
RT @bridgetbhc: Strange tells reporters he has not talked to Jeff Sessions about the Senate race. “Unfortunately a lot of this didn’t come…
SEC enforcement co-director urges international cooperation #securities	https://t.co/BWvQznFGXo
RT @davidamichaels: Stock and options exchanges formally request one-year delay of CAT launch, as @WSJFinReg reported Friday	https://t.co/x…
CFTC chairman @giancarloCFTC focuses on professional conduct and stress tests #securities	https://t.co/ueeVA8ULC7
Jeff Sessions enters Rayburn to testify before House Judiciary Committee https://t.co/jV0C762H9P
RT @seungminkim: JUST IN: @JohnCornyn is withdrawing his endorsement of Roy Moore https://t.co/e84CCQ33un
RT @costareports: The yearbook https://t.co/23MM09eLnx
ICE Clear Europe updates procedures on emissions, electricity contracts #securities	@ICE_Markets https://t.co/4zVWRws6ob
The @MSRB_News MSRB to streamline Series 52 exam #securities	https://t.co/zXlGsajmJT
RT @hillhulse: Republican senators who have frequent dealings with the staff of the Washington Post are not treating the Moore story as fak…
New municipal advisers are vastly unprepared, study says #securities	https://t.co/ZyrPY4h0Rr)
SEC chairman looks to review shareholder proposals, proxy voting #securities 	https://t.co/AcJoPVzLnL)
European, US trading groups agree on position reporting standard #securities	https://t.co/vjkWVeC5Dr)
House bill sponsored by @RepHuizenga would repeal conflict mineral disclosure mandate #securities	https://t.co/OdYTgPVdBt)
House bill would repeal conflict mineral disclosure mandate #securities	https://t.co/oxvJ0Rz7j4
RT @EdWGillespie: Thank you to all of the Virginians who supported me and congratulations to @RalphNortham
CFTC chairman blasts European oversight #securities https://t.co/Rdrt9HfDoy)
SEC names new foreign corrupt practices unit chief #securities https://t.co/lft73JGF5u)
CFTC commissioner wants overhaul of swap dealer registration threshold #securities	https://t.co/7yJWXzblY3)
Famous promoters of virtual currency may be subject to SEC enforcement #securities		https://t.co/OSoxKhyfUo)
House passes bills that would set wealthy investor limits and IPO access #securities		https://t.co/iFkkuFuA1A)
@CFTC commissioners double up on committee assignments #securities https://t.co/iCyelJxgaq
@BankingGOP @SenateBanking to vote on SEC commissioners today https://t.co/rYYVfgjzz7
SEC's new cybersecurity unit will examine disclosure obligations #securities		https://t.co/Dz2VfbGTGe
SEC's new head of inspections has wide experience with agency #securities https://t.co/Qj8H88u7si
SEC commissioner wants to review market structure #securities https://t.co/o8oj94NOBt
Lawmakers (@SenWarren and @RepBonamici) want SEC to investigate Navient trading: https://t.co/zcSaZq5vfg
RT @AP: BREAKING: The vice president of Catalonia tells AP Spain has given region's separatists no option but to proclaim a new republic.
RT @jdawsey1: Exclusive: Pentagon Document Contradicts Trump’s Gold Star Claims https://t.co/B5nJ1rmdJQ
RT @jorgecastillo: Nationals announce Dusty Baker won’t return as manager.
RT @PhilipRucker: Johnson's mom tells WaPo Wilson was right: "Trump did disrespect my son and my daughter and also me and my husband" https…
RT @nielslesniewski: Meanwhile, on the Senate floor: https://t.co/qgPEVgrcsZ
RT @darrenrovell: Louisville votes to terminate Rick Pitino’s contract for cause, which would mean they owe nothing. Pitino’s lawyers say t…
RT @nytimes: As far as fashion goes, that youngest generation made the most radical statement of all https://t.co/Dvwup8uYUk
Decoding Dress in North Korea via @NYTimes https://t.co/3UGQjGiSu1
RT @MayorBowser: 4 vibrant sites proposed for #AmazonHQ2: 		🚆#NoMa-UnionStation 	🖼️#Shaw-HowardU 	⛵️#AnacostiaRiverfront	🏘️#CapitolHillEast…
https://t.co/mY53BVnib0
https://t.co/p5BLdBNCF1
RT @aldotcom: School district pulls 'To Kill A Mockingbird' from reading list; 'makes people uncomfortable,' official says https://t.co/l5y…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Washington should have brought in Strasburg to relieve-- they would have won.
RT @RonanFarrow: In a 10 month investigation, 13 women told me Harvey Weinstein sexually harassed or assaulted them. 3 allege rape: https:/…
RT @AshleyRParker: From whistling teapot to steaming pressure cooker: Inside Trump's White House. Me, w @PhilipRucker + @costareports.	http…
RT @PostSports: ESPN suspends Jemele Hill for two weeks after tweet encouraging boycott of advertisers tied to Cowboys owner https://t.co/G…
RT @lindsayczarniak: The suspension of my friend @jemelehill is sad and disappointing on a number of levels
RT @washingtonpost: Philadelphia had to rehire an officer who shot three people in three years https://t.co/WeRxwq2EH8 https://t.co/FBo9PvO…
RT @jmartNYT: In a 25-min interview, Sen BOB CORKER offered perhaps the harshest critique yet of Trump from an elected Republican&gt;	https://…
RT @giacomonyt: Seeing the North Korean Stalemate From the Other Side https://t.co/y354MLrh9r
RT @FoxBusiness: #JobsReport: Where the jobs are https://t.co/ccfcWuhNIS https://t.co/IEjNguxaCD
RT @elianayjohnson: Inside Tim Murphy's reign of terror https://t.co/Ya0aCSz5VK via @politico
RT @nealcarter: .@DonnaFEdwards is officially running for Prince George county Maryland executive https://t.co/z9R5MHjXaR #MDpolitics
RT @kasie: NEWS: Pa. Rep. Tim Murphy resigns
RT @nytimes: A day after making sexist comments to a reporter, Cam Newton has lost his endorsement deal with Dannon https://t.co/bvssbcBBoF
RT @mega2e: Harvey Weinstein announce leave from his company after we uncover decades of allegations and at least 8 settlements  https://t.…
RT @agearan: NEW: Trump plans to declare that the Iran nuclear deal is not in national interest, punt to Congress, by @agearan	https://t.co…
RT @TexasTribAbby: Not many Texans in Congress are ready to weigh in on bumpers - I've asked them all: https://t.co/V5LfBqlciu
RT @AshleyRParker: Of Morons and Rexit: @agearan, @PhilipRucker and I w the latest from Foggy Bottom. https://t.co/PmNvqRlZxU
RT @lizclarketweet: What troubles me mst abt Cam isn’t that he’s an NFLQB but a Parent. If his daughter wnts 2B an engineer or US Pres, wil…
RT @scott_fowler: What Cam Newton said to @JourdanRodrigue wasn't funny. My column on what happened -- &amp; what didn't but should have: https…
RT @CQnow: Lawmakers Question SEC's Security as Deadline Nears for Financial Database ($) https://t.co/a6YgaTnwaS https://t.co/Qg6E7v2KoT
RT @rollcall: JUST IN: Rep. Tim Murphy announced he won't seek re-election https://t.co/gmwuj6gKlX
RT @CBSPittsburgh: #BREAKING: Sources: Pa. Congressman Tim Murphy likely to retire after reports of urging mistress to get abortion. @JonDe…
https://t.co/HeSMsnjEUs
RT @PhilipRucker: Tillerson called Trump a "moron" and had to be talked out of resigning by Pence -- great story by NBC team https://t.co/6…
Must read the memo that is included in the story. https://t.co/DRNX4Q5r7C
RT @EliasGroll: First in FP: Rohrabacher met w/ Veselnitskaya in Moscow. Previously undisclosed two months before Don Jr meet in NYC https:…
Same. Also, Crowder was open. Need to get him more touches. https://t.co/Jj5IYbKATM
RT @AP: BREAKING: Sheriff says 59 people killed, 527 injured in Vegas shooting.
RT @AP: BREAKING: Equifax says 2.5 million more US customers potentially impacted by data breach, bringing total to 145.5 million.
RT @Kyle_Feldscher: When you're over your principled stand after a week https://t.co/CQ8GwEiGLZ
RT @mj_lee: Sarah Sanders says she’s not sure if Tom Price has paid back government as he said he would for his portion of the private plan…
RT @mkraju: Las Vegas shooter has "no connection" to international terrorist group, authorities say
RT @sethmoulton: #LasVegas https://t.co/k6S1QIq4Sd
RT @jahimes: Once again, I'm devastated by the carnage in NV	Once again, I offer my thoughts &amp; prayers	Once again, I wonder if we'll do any…
RT @giacomonyt: Er, Clinton didn't fail. He reached an agreement that froze the NK plutonium program for nearly a decade and almost had a m…
There have been three different supreme leaders in the past 25 years. https://t.co/K8VcTB87QB
RT @giacomonyt: 23/Yet, we also heard people say while they hate US govt, they harbor no ill will towards Americans &amp; would prefer peace #N…
RT @giacomonyt: 22/It was unsettling to hear NKoreans talk of war w/calm acceptance &amp; blindly buy govt propaganda that NK would prevail ove…
RT @hartfordcourant: A former inmate who graduated from Yale Law School last summer has been approved to practice in Connecticut https://t.…
RT @giacomonyt: Of course, their playground has a rocket, which officials say is 4 satellite launches &amp; is to encourage interest in science…
RT @giacomonyt: Nothing like a foreigner, esp one w/blonde hair, to get kids’ attention. They were v sweet. #NKoreaNYT https://t.co/zFbydh1…
RT @clarionledger: Ole Miss students endorse landshark as new mascot in vote https://t.co/IgMjwESvZ1
RT @RepTomPrice: Reckless spending habits employed by Democrats in Washington are driving the debt. We need #spendingcutsnow
RT @maggieNYT: https://t.co/OQCAHOXBAO
RT @hillhulse: More than $50 million was spent on a special House election in Georgia to replace a lawmaker who didn't last a year in the T…
RT @maggieNYT: Price is gone. Per WH "The President intends to designate Don J. Wright of Virginia to serve as Acting Secretary, effective…
RT @BillCassidy: Geaux @SteveScalise ! https://t.co/5zA06CkqcD
Millions of dollars in education spending questioned by Mississippi state auditor: https://t.co/vSgv4tT2mO
RT @peterbakernyt: Menendez took special action to help donor, according to trial testimony.  https://t.co/F2jp0EQI3V
SEC Chair Jay Clayton speaks on securities regulation at Brookings https://t.co/dxt5vmkVq3
RT @SenDeanHeller: The U.S. House just passed my bill to help Nevadans better understand complicated financial investments. Read here: http…
RT @darrenrovell: "We need to get the shoe companies out of the lives of young athletes." - Pitino in 2014.		No coach got paid more by a sh…
https://t.co/nRpGuaFAil
RT @jaketapper: .@mikeallen reports that @POTUS has been "physically mocking" @SenJohnMcCain, imitating how he did thumbs-down..1/ 		https:…
RT @nytimes: Senate Judiciary Committee appears to support shielding the special counsel, Robert Mueller, from being fired https://t.co/Nlw…
RT @clarionledger: 4 sexual assaults reported at Ole Miss in the last month - A sexual assualt occurred on the Univeristy of Missi... https…
SEC Chairman Jay Clayton set to testify before Senate Banking Committee. Cybersecurity a main focus in wake of hack. https://t.co/3USeGju8sT
RT @darrenrovell: Cowboys, including owner Jerry Jones, take a knee before national anthem tonight. Boos heard in crowd. https://t.co/UpZUe…
RT @CongPalazzo: What tax reform could look like for you and your family in South Mississippi. Read more--&gt; https://t.co/8tk0qjvB7X https:/…
Don't see the correlation between cameras and tax reform, but House Republicans are focusing on a plan forward for tax overhaul. https://t.co/ipsh3xRDPi
RT @jdawsey1: Kushner created the private email account he has used for some White House business in December.  https://t.co/BHYRexyq6Z
RT @_cingraham: My God: fertility rates in Flint, MI before and after the city switched to lead-poisoned Flint River water https://t.co/PEX…
Wow: https://t.co/PjJ8YWq430
Sun Herald lists how much Mississippi high school football coaches make: https://t.co/y64uwphUO6
RT @RyanLizza: This is one of my favorite quotes on the relationship between Trump and Bannon https://t.co/GbYvw1QGUA https://t.co/PgwdDTcR…
RT @darrenrovell: BREAKING: Under Armour CEO steps down from Trump's American Manufacturing Council https://t.co/8F5pInqoDR
RT @kenvogel: Wow. This photo of a car striking counter-protestors in #Charlottesville. https://t.co/YaVD2f34vb https://t.co/3s4Sa0UwS8
RT @Naomi_Schalit: A concise argument for copy editors. https://t.co/n6yuGkIqb3
RT @dcsportsbog: Verizon Center is becoming Capital One Arena, starting now https://t.co/Gp9GWYPPuG https://t.co/c4e44gQYEd
RT @nielslesniewski: The thing about the Congressional Record is that it doesn't go away.		From Mike Pence's H.R. 581 in the 109th Congress…
RT @Scaramucci: Never challenge an Italian from Long Island to a push-up contest @GaryKaminsky @WallStreetWeek #victory https://t.co/2DBpUc…
RT @GlennThrush: Mooch out as comms director per sources
RT @RebeccaAdamsDC: 8-page skinny bill amendment is out
RT @arogDC: John McCain: "...Yet another example of why major policy announcements should not be made via Twitter." https://t.co/UZHXdCQ3JX
RT @DanMalloyCT: We have been fierce and vocal advocates for the rights of transgender individuals in Connecticut, and we will not abandon…
RT @jahimes: Just over one year ago.... https://t.co/WpFZV9SIdW
RT @ddiamond: Path for ACA repeal		☑️ Motion to proceed	🔲 20 hrs debate	🔲 Amendments	🔲 Points of order	🔲 Final amendment	🔲 Final vote	🔲 Con…
RT @NYTSports: A study of the brains of 111 NFL players shows 110 had chronic degenerative injuries. “It is no longer debatable." https://t…
RT @nielslesniewski: McConnell offered the motion to proceed to the defense authorization before McCain announced he was returning for the…
RT @LauraEWeiss16: https://t.co/8gbN7lFbue
RT @wptnews: Across from the stately brick and polished jewel-tone gates ushering visitors onto Quinnipiac University’s... https://t.co/N8i…
RT @thehill: DC burger chain to give out free "nothing burgers" https://t.co/v43uIMWMoy https://t.co/Nuc5rGVlUg
RT @connpost: A visit to Stony Creek Beer in Branford is worth a Sunday drive. https://t.co/TnvP4tg6qZ
RT @JoeNBC: Watch Shep Smith. Wow. https://t.co/ShSyjNHGxn
https://t.co/tf0HtNjTfH
Day trip 4 @StonyCreekBeer with @LauraEWeiss16: https://t.co/6Gnl2Bxods
RT @LauraEWeiss16: Gofundme made to raise money for Aaron Tucker, man who got off a bus to help rescue a man from a crash in Westport https…
https://t.co/06ZV7UmxGh
https://t.co/rMBxpHbiI0
RT @LauraEWeiss16: https://t.co/kW2R38JRav
Marpe asks DOT to pull funding for Cribari Bridge, Kane campaign applauds move: https://t.co/BbcmlbcbgW
Russian Government Sought to Aid Trump’s Candidacy, According to Email, via @nytimes https://t.co/OAr2lVPTTO
https://t.co/jucMQPsDji
https://t.co/4ZWkE2YCuO
At Westport town hall, @jahimes wary of Senate Republicans' health care bill: https://t.co/WePXiO85aa
RT @LauraEWeiss16: Rep Jim Himes (CT Dem) held town hall at Bedford Middle School tonight. Got questions on healthcare, Trump, environment…
RT @LauraEWeiss16: Himes spoke mental health parity, ending opioid crisis. Westport Commission on Ppl w Disabilities Chair Jim Ross: "Don't…
https://t.co/t164ITbFak
https://t.co/LsbrLPH1oX
RT @ChrisMurphyCT: “I rely on the ACA &amp; I can’t afford the increases I would pay under the GOP plan. Anyone can get older or sicker.” It sh…
RT @ChrisMurphyCT: “I went back to the workforce &amp; found out my age made me less competitive in the job market. I ended up with a job but n…
RT @ChrisMurphyCT: Julia from Westport - “I’m over age 55. When the recession hit, I got laid off like a lot of Americans”
For Millions, Life Without Medicaid Services Is No Option https://t.co/5I1gJdPIRh
https://t.co/gxdy8XjBcK @SavannahBeeCo
RT @BraddJaffy: Chris Christie &amp; guests enjoying NJ beach — after he ordered state beaches closed to the public over a budget fight https:/…
RT @ddiamond: 2. Sen. @BillCassidy (R-La.) and the New Orleans Advocate. https://t.co/daywqi9q19
@jeffpeguescbs and Westport police chief talk divide between law enforcement and black communities: https://t.co/0R1UAIRfWt
https://t.co/S6RvitcVHZ
https://t.co/FnBLgvbyzU
https://t.co/dMsGZCw7hj
RT @LauraEWeiss16: For day trip features this summer, took a ferry ride &amp; explored Port Jefferson w @GreillyPost, made for a great Fri. htt…
https://t.co/26MVlPv50C
RT @LauraEWeiss16: Part 4 of Campus Conversations, series on sexual health at Catholic campuses. A look forward https://t.co/7ZCEvBHGyt
https://t.co/lntCz6RteV
RT @LauraEWeiss16: Allison Kernan talked to me about her experience w addiction - from prison and homelessness to recovery, advocacy https:…
https://t.co/NEulqpvha9
https://t.co/XnNU9SkAEu
https://t.co/khg8ZbRyxh
RT @ZekeJMiller: Newt's Snapchat is something https://t.co/bQnabDI2cm
RT @SenBobCasey: Page 41. They revoke the essential health benefits requirement. https://t.co/1fxrRRrwyg
@CTBZoo https://t.co/ghNqHXr2yl
https://t.co/PJcEOETdgU
RT @jaketapper: unbelievable. 		#PhilandoCastille		https://t.co/UXmTOzEEie
RT @LauraEWeiss16: In pt 3 of Campus Conversations, how local Catholic campuses address sexual health. Health pros, Church rep weigh in htt…
RT @davidmackau: Holy crap. This exchange between Chris Wallace and Trump's lawyer is absolutely incredible. https://t.co/Wem33Lc1VK
https://t.co/zPwlqTlFYY
https://t.co/qqrq6et6lK
https://t.co/laKyGZ1jT7
https://t.co/e0GHz4DMqf
https://t.co/5V6qWpQuNE
https://t.co/6bY9eHQMoT
https://t.co/NRdjfaSfxo
RT @LauraEWeiss16: Talked mental health reform, 21st Century Cures Act, AHCA &amp; Trump with @ChrisMurphyCT in this week's Health Check: https…
https://t.co/lh5O913kX7
RT @wptnews: Droves of local activists descended on Jesup Green Sunday to voice their opposition to President Donald Trump’s... https://t.c…
https://t.co/2uZJ2jOQOb
RT @joesview: Amazing show-must-go-on story @WCPlayhouse https://t.co/y5dEiAylaZ
https://t.co/1OWVue4Vkq
RT @joesview: @WCPlayhouse 'Lettice &amp; Lovage': a new star shines https://t.co/UlwnCReQjO https://t.co/lrIAMYiDW5
https://t.co/wBcyjpj2cL
RT @GreillyPost: DNC Chairman Tom Perez celebrates Kiley victory on Twitter https://t.co/Zneg2Mz16I via @
RT @LauraEWeiss16: https://t.co/DEp7XBojfa
https://t.co/DjtpXvvJL0
https://t.co/vHKdRYPc5a
https://t.co/q2N3NVgTqO
RT @wptnews: Emphasizing the importance of empathy in communicating with people—a central tenet of Alan Alda’s new book—Alda... https://t.c…
@alanalda honored at @WestportLibrary BOOKED for the evening: https://t.co/6eBIjDxYB9
RT @GreillyPost: #fairfieldct #specialelection all districts now in. Kiley 5434 Bateson 3727. Kiley wins 8 out of 10 districts https://t.co…
RT @nytmike: EXCLUSIVE: After Trump asked Comey to end investigation, Comey told Sessions: Don’t Leave Me Alone With Trump	https://t.co/9BT…
RT @AshleyRParker: NEW: Inside Trump's West Wing: Frustrated, defiant and spoiling for a fight w Comey. W @costareports @PhilipRucker. http…
RT @LauraEWeiss16: 2nd in series on discourse at Fairfield's Catholic colleges; look at #PlannedParenthood, #abortionrights discussions htt…
https://t.co/UQnLxbVnnY
RT @wptnews: Mike Greenberg, an ESPN radio host, lived near Deford in Greens Farms and said his neighbor was one of the... https://t.co/vnF…
https://t.co/qNcGx8MYZi
RT @AshleyRParker: EPA chief Pruitt just now quotes from Bret Stephens of the NYT... Cue: EVERYONE LOSING THEIR MINDS.
https://t.co/EeXg1kRMtT
https://t.co/IyWMNX3Wkg
RT @GreillyPost: Selectmen push forward $17.3M plan for Holland Hill School https://t.co/5E2zjEgEwr via @
RT @costareports: NEWS: Comey will testify before the Intel Committee on June 8th. The hearing will begin at 10 a.m. in open session.
Former Westporter Frank Deford, dead at 78: https://t.co/GBsNlYH0zN
With former FBI director James Comey set to testify as early as next week, a look at what he was like to work for: https://t.co/ScQfKrJrSG
RT @wptnews: To a former employee and Westporter, James Comey was far from a “showboat,” but a hands-on leader who took a... https://t.co/6…
Former FBI director James Comey known at SDNY for his principled leadership and self-deprecating humor: https://t.co/ScQfKrJrSG
https://t.co/uYMtshtENb
https://t.co/bqWWuOtsV5
https://t.co/8x7gycYcKU
https://t.co/G4OFDL5szs
RT @LauraEWeiss16: https://t.co/O1AJMtS8gK
RT @Bencjacobs: Listen to me get body slammed in Montana https://t.co/I8hAUsmuWw
https://t.co/nMXvCeDM87
RT @TheRickWilson: Huge if true https://t.co/72y44OFrzt
RT @AshleyRParker: NEWS: The White House has settled on four finalists for Trump's outside legal counsel team. W/ @costareports https://t.c…
RT @LauraEWeiss16: First in a series on Fairfield's universities, both Catholic - first looks at #FairfieldUniversity &amp; contraceptives http…
https://t.co/HfLKeNRS3L
James Comey's Hometown Friends And Family Defend His Character - HuffPost https://t.co/kHZZZRgC0v
https://t.co/1xrp04xlTk
https://t.co/s3WEJd2wKu
RT @nytmike: No joke: Comey (6'8) tried to blend in with CURTAINS in Blue Room at WH ceremony so Trump wouldn't notice him. 	https://t.co/N…
Mill rate remains the same as 2016: https://t.co/f8ay0s1vIU
Medical marijuana dispensaries could be headed to Westport: https://t.co/K9xTpS336y
Westport school bus strike avoided after successful negotiations late last night: https://t.co/hQ6peWxk6r
RT @realDonaldTrump: This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history!
RT @LauraEWeiss16: In 2nd Health Check, a look at @MedicareGov nursing home ratings &amp; local CT facilities #health #nursinghomecompare https…
RT @rachaelmbade: I just asked @DarrellIssa abt the Comey news and he flicked me off -- literally gave me the middle finger -- and kept wal…
RT @nytmike: Buried in our story: Trump said to Comey that he should consider putting reporters in prison https://t.co/7nlT6gaY1G
https://t.co/3haiPICYN2
RT @connpost: Calls for cop cams after Bridgeport teen shot https://t.co/wi9HmRIHOa https://t.co/fCF3lDD78a
RT @LauraEWeiss16: Megan Laney, Fairfield teacher, studied abroad in Aleppo just before the Syrian civil war. Now she aids refugees https:/…
RT @LauraEWeiss16: Warde high schoolers visited synagogue, chapel, church, mosque Wed. Teacher has run trip 20 yrs w goal of tolerance http…
https://t.co/x4ySA3I60b
RT @realDonaldTrump: James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!
RT @realDonaldTrump: ...Maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future "press briefings" and hand out written responses for the s…
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Fake Media is working overtime today!
RT @LauraEWeiss16: With @chrismmarquette, a look at restaurant inspections in Westport and restaurants with recent failures https://t.co/lF…
Several Westport restaurants failed inspection within the past year: https://t.co/9GPSAObv2d
https://t.co/6m1FsmUgmz
RT @jonathanweisman: The president, Mr. Comey told associates, was “outside the realm of normal,” even “crazy.” https://t.co/7VozxKkRVU
RT @AshleyRParker: CONFIRMED: Last week Comey asked Rod Rosenstein for more resources for investigation into Trump/Russia collusion.
RT @LauraEWeiss16: Flyers w neo-Nazi &amp; white supremacist content dropped in Westport; growing trend of similar incidents in CT, US https://…
RT @wptnews: Coleytown Middle School is the subject of two federal investigations that allege a failure by the school to... https://t.co/cD…
RT @LauraEWeiss16: Nestled in Westport, a house that's long served those in need https://t.co/thPkNHMRFE
https://t.co/CU9GaxLkR2
A Westport middle school is the subject of two federal investigations into racial and sexual discrimination: https://t.co/MSQlnvLzt1
RT @GreillyPost: Superior Court judge rules special election is on https://t.co/U8UiH9yRSO via @
RT @LauraEWeiss16: A Fairfield high school hosted an inaugural conference for students on identity and education last week https://t.co/JEu…
https://t.co/cZIicNMoE6
https://t.co/OqjjKE3YKq
https://t.co/IMetDQYTX7
RT @aspetucklt: ALT in the news: State’s #osprey population continues to grow 🍃⭐️ by @chrismmarquette @wptnews https://t.co/ItLqyRwaZS
https://t.co/z1xPc1NETy
RT @WestportSuper: Dattco reported they have enough drivers to cover routes this morning, Thursday, April 27.
https://t.co/aBKb78Qo98
https://t.co/cuwsI7nnxP
RT @deray: Former Terp Juan Dixon to be next men's basketball coach at Coppin State https://t.co/6MmVigpNn4
RT @AP: BREAKING: In AP interview, Trump says young immigrants known as `dreamers' should `rest easy' about his immigration policies.
RT @justinjpapp1: Meet your neighbors... Alan and Trudy Goldberg, collectors of Mexican folk art - New Canaan News https://t.co/Txx55GdUjZ
RT @LauraEWeiss16: 1st installment of Health Check - I'll be writing about how a health issue hits home in Fairfield County each month http…
RT @GreillyPost: Q&amp;A with....David Kluczwski, the new town tax collector https://t.co/BRsjhHxohu via @
https://t.co/gsDIkHNQQU
RT @LauraEWeiss16: https://t.co/8hsOzNlAz9
https://t.co/6dZ6rIVRCk
https://t.co/go8PXrgCVW
https://t.co/1O90OlLJEx
https://t.co/NiAJHqWiDN
Westport's Maker Faire expected to see biggest crowd yet @makerfaire :https://t.co/cYkhOeSuEi
RT @WSJ: Breaking: Fox News is preparing to cut ties with Bill O'Reilly in wake of sexual-harassment allegations https://t.co/CbZedDSgYm
RT @ffldcitizen: A school board seat will soon open up for a Republican as a sitting member departs to lead the parks and... https://t.co/M…
RT @LauraEWeiss16: https://t.co/SAbxJ0CPl2
RT @KenDixonCT: Updated--Malloy won’t run for re-election https://t.co/wWyV41ywGD via @connpost #ctpolitics
RT @connpost: JUST IN: Gov. Dannel P. Malloy will not seek re-election to a third four-year term. https://t.co/hPJZTsD3lS
https://t.co/TW4CQrQlw4
https://t.co/CIfXjrnHHF
@AngeldocD @xbunderwood @_Kharanyy @giacomonyt @pollygon101 @rolandsmartin @xbunderwood proud mom!
RT @AP: BREAKING: Alabama Supreme Court rules impeachment may proceed against Gov. Robert Bentley, who is mired in fallout from affair.
RT @GreillyPost: Both sides in special election dispute wait on state Supreme Court https://t.co/dqwtwjisY8 via @
RT @LauraEWeiss16: Westport Historical Society marking 240 years since Compo Beach landing, Danbury raid with exhibit, events https://t.co/…
https://t.co/BltWtztBqA
https://t.co/TRkLkNpdXb
https://t.co/WC6rlkCqxu
RT @kenvogel: NEW: Steve Bannon threatened to resign from WH, but Bekah Mercer urged him to stay b/c "this is a long-term play.” https://t.…
RT @connpost: Chet Ellis, who moved to Westport from Manhattan in the fifth grade, wrote that he “never really thought much... https://t.co…
RT @chrismmarquette: Chet Ellis, the winner of TEAM Westport's Teen Essay Contest on White Privilege, reads his essay "The Colors of Privil…
RT @chrismmarquette: Chet Ellis, a Staples sophomore, won the 2017 TEAM Westport essay contest on the topic of white privilege: https://t.c…
Chet Ellis, a Staples sophomore, won the 2017 TEAM Westport essay contest on the topic of white privilege: https://t.co/IkQf6p9gmj
Chet Ellis, the winner of TEAM Westport's Teen Essay Contest on White Privilege, reads his essay "The Colors of Privilege" https://t.co/LEL6aJKXJu
@JenniferTooker https://t.co/VQcZ1ohPjf
RT @DrJonesFPS: Board of Finance approves 9-0 the BoE Budget with $2M Restored. Thanks BoF! Hopeful the Governor's Budget gets better. #Fai…
@WestportSuper has a plan to keep preschool at Staples High School: https://t.co/solB26HYbd
RT @Katulis: My grandfather was a Pennsylvania coal miner.  		He told me back in the late 1970s those jobs weren't coming back.		https://t.…
RT @DanMalloyCT: 'Bathroom bill' to cost North Carolina $3.76 billion. Turns out that discrimination is bad for business.  https://t.co/73N…
RT @holy_cross: Currently on @BostonDotCom home page: 70 years ago, Bob Cousy '50 led Holy Cross to a NCAA tournament championship https://…
https://t.co/ATOvlHjbqx
RT @chrismmarquette: Parking passes for Staples students proposed to jump from $50 to $150:	https://t.co/YCwM0kQa4R
RT @realDonaldTrump: Despite what you hear in the press, healthcare is coming along great. We are talking to many groups and it will end in…
RT @costareports: "Hello, Bob," Trump began. "So, we just pulled it." https://t.co/Mve7xEgTo1
RT @JoanneKenen: trump keeps blaming Democrats for failure. They didn't need a single Democratic vote under the process they chose to follo…
RT @ddiamond: Paul Ryan's most revealing line: "We were a 10-year opposition party… being against things was easy to do." https://t.co/Kn2A…
RT @nytimes: Moments after the health bill was pulled, Trump told NYT that he blamed Democrats, not Paul Ryan, for its failure https://t.co…
RT @maggieNYT: TRUMP tells me in interview this is now the Democrats' fault, and that he anticipates that when Obama "explodes" they will b…
RT @costareports: President Trump just called me. Still on phone.	"We just pulled it," he tells me.
RT @wptnews: A proposal to raise the price of student parking passes three-fold at Staples High School has some students... https://t.co/B0…
RT @elianayjohnson: GOP rep told me this AM he believed bill would be pulled -- leadership wouldn't put it to a vote and see it go down. No…
RT @LauraEWeiss16: https://t.co/a9ABtodT0m
RT @GreillyPost: Police called to Fairfield hookah lounge 500 times in two years, neighbors fed up https://t.co/adjkjDPVPc via @
https://t.co/9cZdWTtMj9
Parking passes for Staples students proposed to jump from $50 to $150:	https://t.co/YCwM0kQa4R
@StBaldricks TeamBrent fundraiser for childhood cancer research set for Sunday @WestportWestonY: https://t.co/iv54nNOUKP
RT @elianayjohnson: GOP rep texts that leadership just canceled a 9am conference meeting and says that "tells me it's panic time."
First Selectman Jim Marpe chose to announce his re-election bid when news of Mike Rea's exploratory committee broke: https://t.co/LpZAQg8sJa
RT @wptnews: The school district presented the Board of Finance with an incomplete assignment: Superintendent of Schools... https://t.co/WJ…
https://t.co/LpZAQg8sJa
https://t.co/YqeDlSQKTJ
RT @holy_cross: .@TravelLeisure ranked the most beautiful college in every state. 		The most beautiful in Massachusetts? Holy Cross! https:…
RT @JuniorGolfList: USA:CT:QA with Jon Janik head golf professional at Longshore Go&gt;https://t.co/WwcVII0dmT @wptnews @chrismmarquette @west…
https://t.co/y9ZCZe2Hpl
@DonutCrazyCT opens today: https://t.co/futfCmmE6n
RT @LauraEWeiss16: US Attorney Daly, 1 of 2 Obama-appointees staying for retirement benefits, says extension to allow smooth transition htt…
https://t.co/lxFEzbalBu
Westport Board of Finance approves $203.5 million combined town and board of ed budget. BOE still required to cut $1.67 million from budget.
https://t.co/7cP6ZQTTEc
https://t.co/FXvaBqmVYl
@DonutCrazyCT to open in Westport at Saugatuck train station: https://t.co/L8oTDb62zT
RT @WestportSuper: Cannot get our drivers from Bridgeport for a.m. - will borrow drivers of closed districts.  School crews working thru ni…
RT @wptnews: Some Staples High School students — including freshman Sky Beck, who identifies as gender neutral — are appalled... https://t.…
RT @wptnews: Parking fee for Staples' students could rise to $150. https://t.co/dS7nM6cMbM
https://t.co/5h8qCTYwfn
RT @WestportSuper: Will be up at 4:00 a.m. to assess if we can open on time.  SHS students should plan on doing homework today for all thei…
RT @wptnews: Harold Bailey Jr., who attended high school in the South during the 1960s, is no stranger to the dark side of... https://t.co/…
RT @BraddJaffy: The headline that millions are picking up from their driveways this morning, across red states, blue states &amp; swing states…
RT @lclambeck: Motion to extend busing to 1.5 if #bridgeport boe doesn't get @ least $10.9 million more fails on 5-4 vote.
https://t.co/keWJa4Vx9q
RT @USCBOcostest: American Health Care Act https://t.co/W9TZjU2x6T
RT @chrismmarquette: Harold Bailey Jr., spokesman of TEAM Westport's essay contest on white privilege experienced white privilege as law: h…
RT @PreetBharara: I did not resign. Moments ago I was fired. Being the US Attorney in SDNY will forever be the greatest honor of my profess…
https://t.co/Ic9yujQERp
RT @chrismmarquette: Staples students distressed by President Trump's decision to rescind federal protections for transgender students: htt…
RT @LauraEWeiss16: https://t.co/EovJqIQQm4
Harold Bailey Jr., spokesman of TEAM Westport's essay contest on white privilege experienced white privilege as law: https://t.co/WqYYmLb6IE
Staples students distressed by President Trump's decision to rescind federal protections for transgender students: https://t.co/NfE1p3y9Vh
https://t.co/pS8heQ1VSV
RT @GreillyPost: Penfield Pavilion open for business https://t.co/2yUMYmxwcN via @
RT @GreillyPost: Petition pushes to get Fairfield Community Theatre re-opened https://t.co/aXiAtrW08C via @
Mold removal costs at Coleytown Middle School increase: https://t.co/OFiXXlMdPm
RT @erin_kayata: Local women to discuss image of Islam https://t.co/IJuN8z3cnL via @dariennews
RT @LauraEWeiss16: https://t.co/hsp7lQceQp
RT @justinjpapp1: Mallozzi, Devereaux to run for New Canaan’s top spot - New Canaan News https://t.co/Ht1qE74n8K
@Steinberg06880 forms exploratory committee: https://t.co/CebVPkOrPj
RT @hartfordcourant: West Hartford schools superintendent pitches 8.44 percent increase budget https://t.co/vTa0bCWjIh https://t.co/KKKolyq…
https://t.co/KShdxLlBMA
RT @LauraEWeiss16: Fairfield U.'s student newspaper @FairfieldMirror has published 40 years - a look at its past &amp; future https://t.co/b17Q…
RT @KenDixonCT: Blumenthal; members of Sen Jud committee with ask AG Sessions back to explain "false denial" of contact w/Russian ambassado…
RT @chrismmarquette: Allegations that school officials grabbed and shook a student complaining of harassment part of DOE investigations: ht…
RT @LauraEWeiss16: Westporters chat w panelists after discussion on National Popular Vote Interstate Compact. Hearing for CT bill held in H…
Allegations that school officials grabbed and shook a student complaining of harassment part of DOE investigations: https://t.co/323iJ7vcwv
RT @chrismmarquette: Hate-filled reaction to town's essay contest on "white privilege": https://t.co/oPOVGYt2Hq
RT @LauraEWeiss16: https://t.co/WupgUxeNrn
RT @wptnews: Transgender students at Westport Public Schools will continue to have their rights protected—specifically, the... https://t.co…
Hate-filled reaction to town's essay contest on "white privilege": https://t.co/oPOVGYt2Hq
RT @thehill: JUST IN: Yemen raid that killed Navy SEAL yielded no significant intel: report https://t.co/mxV7UXkzuP https://t.co/T7ZbBZu3vE
RT @LauraEWeiss16: https://t.co/8zxwPq3mzf
https://t.co/uAT5iqoaDG
RT @GovMalloyOffice: Governor Malloy signs executive order protecting transgender students in Connecticut schools → https://t.co/dAGmJLGRzp…
https://t.co/OqEeN1TpQo
https://t.co/qyLlzkj0C2
https://t.co/cEEERYocb3
RT @BraddJaffy: JFK on the press, and the presidency, in a free society. Watch. https://t.co/dsr61wEeo4
RT @NC5PhilWilliams: This is the @Newseum's Journalists Memorial, listing the 2,291 individuals who have died around the world reporting th…
https://t.co/NVIT1syrXp
https://t.co/W22Jpj2jGd
https://t.co/UwQjGxouS1
https://t.co/W4gsBZ737Y
https://t.co/BRjqW7TBgG
https://t.co/RVs2GQITCp
https://t.co/iw2qdTkclx
https://t.co/rPeihGBjay
https://t.co/2xcdAswJnj
https://t.co/b4Myud9Vqd
RT @WestportSuper: 2-hr. Delay Today!
RT @WestportSuper: WPS will have a 2-hr. delay tomorrow.  Extra time will help treatments melt ice on roads and parking lots and all driver…
RT @postpolitics: This Fox News chart proves Steve Bannon isn’t as bad as an Islamic State leader https://t.co/8NFuPG2fKW
https://t.co/slH5ON1JIv
https://t.co/OTAmbVQNlz
https://t.co/92UmqQvT0L
RT @rcallimachi: 1 For the last 2 days, I've been reporting from eastern Mosul, now under Iraqi control. It's amazing to finally be able to…
https://t.co/AliN6eBpro
https://t.co/zjTvYTQdYc
https://t.co/BP996R0g70
RT @LauraEWeiss16: Westport's First Selectman pens letter on plan for train service https://t.co/XWIOBefhv2
RT @voxdotcom: The @WhiteHouse statement announcing the firing of Sally Yates says she "has betrayed the Department of Justice." 		https://…
RT @PressSec: .@POTUS has named Dana Boente, US Attorney for the Eastern District of VA as Acting Attorney General.  Sally Yates has been r…
RT @LauraEWeiss16: https://t.co/8r0upB0p0A
https://t.co/qrzhuZHwPm
https://t.co/fabStIArx0
https://t.co/SraxEPwNZN
RT @BostonGlobe: President Trump accuses media of lying about inauguration crowds, wrongly said the crowd reached Washington monument https…
https://t.co/0Y20RB8iXK
RT @swilkesphoto: In 2012, I had the incredible opportunity to capture President Obama's second inauguration… https://t.co/e0opz8RZZ1 https…
Westporters ready for @womensmarch https://t.co/0ZeG6EbXrJ
RT @lclambeck: #Bridgeport warned of ‘catastrophic’ education cuts https://t.co/91iKvMnLdf via @connpost
@WestportLibrary to show @realDonaldTrump inauguration: https://t.co/gXhGirhRPK
https://t.co/PHUbaPODK1
https://t.co/Cf5rjrRXFM
https://t.co/5x3lgsRisJ
https://t.co/8s8cbDWJhp
https://t.co/XjpTALpkAF
https://t.co/fWQHnqx55F
https://t.co/uZiLGeXpBW
https://t.co/fEh3Pcs4Vr
RT @justinjpapp1: Meet your neighbor: Sports management professional Wendell Maxey - New Canaan News https://t.co/6k1weK3kAU
https://t.co/NmXjcX7EKm
https://t.co/LMCrqY42vU
https://t.co/LJ3vJk1v88
https://t.co/KGUSLDH6op
https://t.co/9qXrpO4v8i
https://t.co/09ZG6yh8id
https://t.co/pWTy2CZjkO
https://t.co/LnU0Yhrr1B
https://t.co/2MQs8XDtC0
https://t.co/tFMpR4hBKQ
RT @LauraEWeiss16: Leonard Everett Fisher, painter and children's book illustrator, on the theme of freedom in his art https://t.co/4zF3B9i…
https://t.co/b2zoMxNRHu
RT @LauraEWeiss16: Six Fairfield schools unveil solar power displays https://t.co/xFmp53RSKa via @ffldcitizen
https://t.co/BP0uXMz58a
RT @GreillyPost: A good friend is running in Boston Marathon 2017 and raising $ for a good cause https://t.co/OfH3EV45IG
RT @Cirincione: This may be the first time a head of the Physics Department is replaced by the head of the PhysEd Department. https://t.co/…
https://t.co/kmHsvO72x1
https://t.co/IvOJrGfhXM
https://t.co/WsVi7CPxB3 @Pogue
RT @TheFix: The Trump statement on the Russia news, reminds me of this:		https://t.co/AmmcZrHD0K
RT @Complex: CIA: 'Quite clear' Russia tried to help Donald Trump win https://t.co/ToScfI3BdQ https://t.co/8VzSv4BGKq
RT @KenDixonCT: updated--Bobby Valentine mum on pitch for Japan ambassador https://t.co/0OYKR6nOSs via @connpost #ctpolitics #nymets #bosto…
https://t.co/EUkmUfnvfK
https://t.co/g00AgnejqS
RT @dallasnews: See which Texas school superintendents take home the biggest paychecks https://t.co/JZREezoe35
RT @LauraEWeiss16: https://t.co/ktU6vcktew
https://t.co/kmHsvO72x1
RT @GreillyPost: ‘Sticker shock’ hits with Holland Hill project https://t.co/N0qmCioP82 via @ffldcitizen
https://t.co/RvPHtBGJXr
https://t.co/2i3uBvtvFD
https://t.co/3eJLRxJFiR
https://t.co/oT1URDOOnp
https://t.co/vHyUQDiPem
https://t.co/Fjo3DjBAUE
https://t.co/UDBH8XA70m
RT @splcenter: Here's normalization in real time. @thehill is publishing anti-Muslim extremist Pamela Geller. This is shameful. https://t.c…
RT @splcenter: Michael Flynn in August: Islamism a 'vicious cancer' in body of all Muslims that 'has to be excised’ https://t.co/46KaXLuuyc
RT @CTMirror: An invitation to Trump to meet Syrian refugees in New Haven https://t.co/Xmppj0piYY
RT @joesview: Good for what ails you https://t.co/LQfP3boJmm
RT @wptnews: Dewey Loselle abruptly resigned from his post Nov. 18. https://t.co/MpfXBqXdMU
https://t.co/DOqehnwxat
https://t.co/QvkkVLajDQ
RT @VICE: Trump reportedly plans to settle Trump University fraud lawsuit for $20 million: https://t.co/C2Zmjsinr5 https://t.co/yI1wpWwjrk
RT @wptnews: Marpe asked to speak out against hate and does. https://t.co/aS0mvvAtvj
https://t.co/tMPV7MC4S0
https://t.co/TCFdSw7Yjx
https://t.co/OQDLumOKaH
RT @wptnews: Westport 17-year-old celebrated the grand opening of her business Nov. 5. https://t.co/nsUCbeN7HN
https://t.co/bXdJGnw9LX
RT @Yamiche: Scoop: Eric Garner's mom sent a letter to DOJ because she &amp; others  worry what a law &amp; order Trump presidency means https://t.…
https://t.co/fgl4l21oup
https://t.co/pAJyQtaYP1
https://t.co/tGDDqoTrGH
https://t.co/YiKNy7uEB8
https://t.co/EtjocZBeHW
Unofficial results for Westport's 136th State House District:		Steinberg: 57% (9,588 votes)	Walsh: 42% (7,079 votes)
Democratic incumbent Jonathan Steinberg defeats Republican Cathy Walsh in race for Westport's 136th State House District.
Westport DTC Headquarters awaiting #electionnight results https://t.co/PF5smLlUtF
10,844 votes cast so far in #westport out of 18,081 registered voters not including 2,261 absentee ballots #ElectionDay
RT @GreillyPost: As of 4 pm, at least 20,230 inperson ballots cast, bringing total to 25,051. Does not include EDR. There are 39,727 ref vo…
Scene at #Westport Republican Town Committee Headquarters #ElectionDay https://t.co/HKLiQJzZYd
Scene at Westport Democratic Town Committee Headquarters #Westport #ElectionDay https://t.co/tHHER6Wt78
RT @wptnews: More than half of all registered voters in Westport have already cast their ballots. https://t.co/vdpODQ2PvB
Riatan Ufomaduh, 20, voted in his first presidential election using same day registration at #westport Town Hall #Election2016 https://t.co/gY2bdmyfwH
Volunteers in #westport counting absentee ballots in town hall for #Election2016 https://t.co/gcIIZfsETx
2,261 absentee ballots were issued in #westport for #Election2016
Out of 18,081 registered voters in #westport 7,846 have voted thus far at the polls #Election2016
Tabulator malfunctioned at Coleytown Middle polling location prior to 6 a.m. and a backup machine was put in place #westport #Election2016
60 Election Day Registration voters so far in #westport #Election2016
RT @splcenter: Andrew Goodman, James Chaney &amp; Mickey Schwerner were murdered fighting for voting rights. Honor their memory. Go vote. h/t i…
RT @washingtonpost: Joe Marquette, Pulitzer-winning news photographer, dies at 79	https://t.co/eb2n0Tud7P
https://t.co/cSsc50UD6Q
https://t.co/aTDx76X1VQ
https://t.co/3yWjYmx0sj
https://t.co/pR8ZgI5H7u
https://t.co/pLwBVcuSvR
https://t.co/Y3FQzm8AgU
https://t.co/JqTpvE9JJ1
https://t.co/4qFMHvsNvz
https://t.co/855QJMLqbU
https://t.co/yveIp4aH5x
https://t.co/nOY7Q0sMZB
RT @GreillyPost: Fairfield avoids court, same day registration location set https://t.co/hOXMKjMmS6 via @ffldcitizen
RT @wptnews: Board of finance swears in new member https://t.co/bBqdsEXrSO
RT @wptnews: Board of Ed approves $93K for partial mold remediation of Coleytown Middle School https://t.co/DQJevwSe5u
RT @GreillyPost: Battle over Fairfield Election Day voting location heading to court https://t.co/obgn0bgWjg via @ffldcitizen
RT @deray: The @NYTimes has printed a list of all of the people, places, &amp; things that Trump has insulted on Twitter during the campaign. h…
RT @LauraEWeiss16: A look at Rep. incumbent @SenatorHwang and his run for reelection in CT State Sen District 28 https://t.co/sF8sgxPrqG
https://t.co/USM0pUv680
https://t.co/Yzfjytz89T
https://t.co/QkA7Zfsfc7
RT @KenDixonCT: On the eve of homecoming weekend, UConn football players face BB gun, marijuana charges https://t.co/AqLn6CqxLy via @connpo…
RT @GreillyPost: Tension mounts as Fairfield can’t decide where to hold same day voter registration https://t.co/Cypo2sPXMr via @ffldcitizen
RT @LauraEWeiss16: Updated: FLHS student used a racial slur in Snapchat video at soccer game vs. Warde Tues night. https://t.co/jiaTYMuaOw
Questions loom over whether the town has selected a plan and a developer before finalizing a steering committee:	https://t.co/WHZ0IRbYEr
RT @nytimes: At home, he cuts salaries and freezes contracts. On holiday, this Saudi prince buys a $550 million yacht. https://t.co/nZh6cH5…
https://t.co/n6EgafQGeJ
RT @LauraEWeiss16: 5 questions for... Michael Tomanelli https://t.co/onaUHLs9be via @wptnews
RT @PostSports: Former Terps star Juan Dixon hired as UDC women's basketball coach https://t.co/C7VRhcAgPH
RT @LauraEWeiss16: FBI investigates Bridgewater bomb scare in Westport https://t.co/eZ00Kgpz1F via @wptnews
RT @briankoonz: Bluefish, Ganim propose contract extension https://t.co/iwqbHuAGIr via @connpost
https://t.co/tGY46jE0MP
RT @wptnews: Mold found at Coleytown Middle School, facility to remain open https://t.co/ZNUi0rgVTj
RT @GreillyPost: A chat with... Fairfield Fright Night https://t.co/Y0dmaREG75 via @ffldcitizen
https://t.co/DgPpMEWplK
https://t.co/28kwOQwEvj
https://t.co/3Kreye3Fdw @jonathanwstokes
https://t.co/y8rh6b9NCH
Democratic incumbent @Steinberg06880 faces off against Republican challenger Cathy Walsh in debate for state rep:	https://t.co/E6D8fwATDT
RT @nytimes: A single concussion during childhood or teen years may have lasting effects into adulthood, according to a new study https://t…
RT @GreillyPost: Death investigation: Fairfield day care provider purchased 90 bottles of Benadryl https://t.co/naaZTcGWqt via @ffldcitizen
RT @LauraEWeiss16: Police: Man arrested for threatening to bury Westport cop alive https://t.co/TPVbXqii88 via @wptnews
RT @ChrisMurphyCT: #Norwich Public Works Director is running all 136 mi of the city to see the roads in a new way. Way to go Ryan! https://…
RT @nytimes: How a simple tax rule let Donald Trump turn a $916 million loss into a plus https://t.co/HUS0KZsZHP
RT @rcallimachi: Yrs ago, Poland's neighbor, Romania, instituted an abortion ban. Might be instructive to see how that turned out (Hint: Ro…
https://t.co/wm0fmPMS53
RT @GreillyPost: Get to know... Officers Gary Wikman, and his son, Jeff https://t.co/Ved5EdSLGk via @ffldcitizen
https://t.co/Aldhmlrdvw
RT @nytimes: Exclusive: NYT has obtained parts of Trump's 1995 tax records. He could have paid no federal income tax for 18 years https://t…
RT @thehill: Russian planes bomb Aleppo despite US calls for diplomacy https://t.co/p5jOyNh6JV https://t.co/Hz05dOqeJD
RT @giacomonyt: Gail Collins asks&amp; answers in her trenchant, sardonic way:  Could Anyone Vote for Trump?, via @nytimes https://t.co/KEfbqmi…
RT @GreillyPost: Pocket park pops up thanks to partnership https://t.co/krqIkjqWEi via @ffldcitizen
https://t.co/1CTjXe6klj
RT @JoanneKenen: health disparities, life expectancy from one Metro stop to the next #healthcare https://t.co/l436mK52mf
RT @nytpolitics: ‘I Guess I’m Having an Aleppo Moment’: Gary Johnson Can’t Name a Single Foreign Leader https://t.co/POtENlOqkq
RT @MSNBC: Gary Johnson had an "Aleppo moment" after @hardballchris asks who his favorite foreign leader is #JohnsonTownhall https://t.co/n…
RT @jwpetersNYT: "Ralph who?" Part of Hillary's problem with millennials: They don't get what a protest vote means in a close race https://…
https://t.co/I2p3em6tDg
https://t.co/gDKq0s0kBi
RT @LauraEWeiss16: https://t.co/wbz5fCtlLD
RT @nytopinion: A brief history of New York Times presidential endorsements: Hillary Clinton, 2016. Abraham Lincoln, 1860 &amp; 1864 https://t.…
https://t.co/HY7eeKAyhI
https://t.co/v3doETTGBI
Foreign Wars and Terrorism, via @nytimes https://t.co/9WNvRR6fi9
RT @nytimes: Tulsa officer Betty Shelby was charged with first-degree manslaughter in the death of Terence Crutcher https://t.co/ohPXA5vE0E
RT @Yamiche: Family of #KeithLamontScott has viewed the video of his death and have more questions than answers, lawyer says. https://t.co/…
https://t.co/F9TbR8FfUj
RT @CTMirror: Senate to vote on Murphy effort to block Saudi arms sale https://t.co/T3uLGzh1ZI
RT @wptnews: Monica Lewinsky will be coming to Westport to speak in October. https://t.co/BdwKTcMnVb
https://t.co/Yoyx45TDIq
RT @rcallimachi: ISIS has just claimed credit for the stabbing of 8 people at a Minnesota mall. Silence regarding NY explosions: https://t.…
https://t.co/rZrEPEO8NX
https://t.co/5bseH34rCG
RT @RyanLacey11: #cthsfb Football: Staples rolls past Danbury https://t.co/wEPjmtiXuV via @
RT @splcenter: Privately Run Mississippi Prison, Called a Scene of Horror, Is Shut Down https://t.co/wSgmqEPjJi https://t.co/IMImbfuXCb
https://t.co/eTA0sBBhqo
https://t.co/X6gduR0ciu
RT @CoryBooker: Six Weeks’ Paid Leave Opposed by People with Thirty-Three Weeks’ Paid Leave: https://t.co/Ml63C8GmzT via @NewYorker
https://t.co/ZUoRWBTPOD
#Westport superintendent on #CCJEF ruling https://t.co/KzipxYhJAm
RT @StaplesMrD: We know how well we do in traditional rankings- what do you think about this, Staples? #stapleslearns https://t.co/AoZODkhV…
RT @SenWarren: .@realDonaldTrump won't release his taxes voluntarily. Let's pass the Presidential Tax Transparency Act and make sure he com…
RT @DeathAndTaxes: Little Miss Flint does not seem excited to meet Donald Trump https://t.co/KqsTfF8hhm https://t.co/Xhq7dnzjrP
https://t.co/VFgRQzZagg
RT @TheFix: Gary 'What is Aleppo?' Johnson has more newspaper endorsements than Donald Trump https://t.co/1tEf43TNui https://t.co/DJrfQDrKbm
In Connecticut, a Wealth Gap Divides Neighboring Schools https://t.co/owAgPycPHs
https://t.co/XmkevMb0CK
https://t.co/eu5raMyyHa
RT @CoryBooker: https://t.co/D2waixIiVh
RT @washingtonpost: Trump: Iranian boats that make improper "gestures" will be "shot out of the water" https://t.co/9giYNnlHRx
Russia and the United States Reach New Agreement on Syria Conflict, via @nytimes https://t.co/qQI2j4XLDr
RT @ChrisMurphyCT: Today I intro'd a bipartisan resolution with @RandPaul, @SenMikeLee &amp; @SenFranken disapproving of US arms sale to #Saudi…
RT @LauraEWeiss16: Anonymous online TIPS program used by Fairfield schools to get reports on bullying, potential self-harm and more: https:…
RT @nytimes: News Analysis: Crux of Connecticut Judge’s Grim Ruling: Schools Are Broken https://t.co/e0GqUoAJrZ
RT @RyanLacey11: #cthsfb a look at tonight: McMahon up first for playoff hopeful Staples https://t.co/scVVWzgMRz via @
RT @GreillyPost: A Q&amp;A with ... Gerry Lombardo https://t.co/iF95zkYug6 via @
RT @thehill: Ryan distances himself from Trump's praise of Putin  https://t.co/QcYWntWwdd https://t.co/FrMkQDgDMz
https://t.co/xS1ZBS1hQU
https://t.co/xJKIcEAhHq
RT @ComplexMag: Johnny Manziel is reportedly taking classes at Texas A&amp;M. https://t.co/it6mYB3P9Y https://t.co/mvikhEhp9H
https://t.co/8Lk7iZFTDu
https://t.co/bSfyMp7Tbw
Island Beach https://t.co/RsIS7y7rTP
RT @ChrisMurphyCT: Met Ruth at Rocco's deli (Rocco's son Chris in pic). Told me about the big Tipperary-Kilkenny hurling final today. https…
Story on #walkCT day 5. Ended with @ChrisMurphyCT and @jahimes holding a town hall in Darien: https://t.co/8BB0Yj98oS
Spoke with @ChrisMurphyCT in #westport during his walk across the state: https://t.co/KpMMARfYS4
@ChrisMurphyCT in downtown Saugatuck https://t.co/70UiZbxt6Q
@ChrisMurphyCT at the Bridge Street Bridge in #westport https://t.co/c0vfzXKGuq
@ChrisMurphyCT having lunch with Valerie and Madison at Elvira's in #westport https://t.co/ejdU5qJqVz
@ChrisMurphyCT arrives at Elvira's in #westport with his parents https://t.co/rMW2Xb245S
RT @wptnews: Four-Story Post Road East affordable housing complex approved https://t.co/QUy4HnyZ1o
https://t.co/qzx0m1M8P9
https://t.co/fiZusXM9j3
https://t.co/MqQmtCVBDP
Why I Go to Aleppo, via @nytimes https://t.co/Ea2mUawQGg
The local impact of America's infrastructure nightmare: https://t.co/J36hdYBjeK	@ChrisMurphyCT @jahimes
RT @darrenrovell: Hawaii's football team will fly 46,696 miles to get to their games this season, that's 3,108 miles short of circling the…
https://t.co/POSmfYm6PX
https://t.co/d8FaN2lhwi
https://t.co/keS0oQqtaN
RT @wptnews: Truck carrying Porta Potties leaks in Westport https://t.co/UdgmbZWbKU
RT @thehill: Obama to create world's largest ocean reserve off Hawaii https://t.co/vynmvOs28y https://t.co/SeSz27RCUd
RT @nytimes: 2 nuns are killed in Mississippi: "They were the sweetest people to ever draw a breath" https://t.co/gMtMGqo5aU https://t.co/E…
RT @LauraEWeiss16: https://t.co/OjIysEZm7T
RT @KenDixonCT: Motor vehicle fatalities soar 45 percent https://t.co/xmqxkVDrra via @connpost #ctpolitics
https://t.co/jqH471Mxoc
RT @thehill: JUST IN: Report: US Navy fired warning shots at Iranian ship https://t.co/kdXISWVNUw https://t.co/1DWUnBUk0S
RT @nytimes: Colombia and FARC announced a deal to end the Americas' longest war https://t.co/WipdBz5SSr https://t.co/M6e0ljDDZs
RT @nytimes: "Because people of my religion have killed, I no longer have the right to go to the beach" https://t.co/zSAr0kdVLg https://t.c…
RT @Yamiche: In case you missed this incredibly sad story: Veteran Kills Himself in Parking Lot of V.A. Hospital on Long Island https://t.c…
RT @sarahkliff: Data here is (I think) the 1st public, county-by-county list of where Obamacare insurers are participating in 2017. https:/…
RT @bmcnally14: #Redskins CB Josh Norman - no longer the underdog - has to "take on a new mask." How words can make you a target https://t.…
RT @deborahamos: Special Report: Massacre reports show U.S. inability to curb Iraq militias https://t.co/BLzMa3aeo4 via @Reuters
RT @voxdotcom: Climate change is going to bring more floods like Louisiana – but we’re not ready. https://t.co/8C3YdHUhcy
RT @connpost: Police say a construction worker was killed in an accident on a worksite in Westport	https://t.co/hI56rXQJFE
RT @wptnews: They are getting ready for the school year. Are you ready? https://t.co/J7QiqdBUtc
RT @nytimes: The fake $400 million Iran "ransom" story https://t.co/HFcgdCjzan via @nytopinion https://t.co/6WROhkOYdl
RT @WestportLibrary: Fascinating screening tonight at 7 about blind sailors who race competitively #westportlibrary https://t.co/IssXAcDgoM
https://t.co/QiJAANZGAC
RT @Nationals: BYE, BALL! 👋		Murph gets the job done with a leadoff solo shot in the 4th! https://t.co/djl6hs1ruH
Had the opportunity to speak with Westport-based @SportsCenter anchor @lindsayczarniak https://t.co/q4cnAbpx5v
@WestportLibrary @alexjgiannini https://t.co/fxbFeLt4B3
RT @wptnews: Effective immediately. https://t.co/lPDhHxVkh0
RT @darrenrovell: Ozzie Guillen is the guest manager for the independent @BPTBluefish tonight https://t.co/siNmZVtsNc
https://t.co/MLX8A6ta27
RT @wptnews: Westport School District:		ENGLISH LANGUAGE ARTS	Level 3 or above 2014-15: 83.3%	Level 3 or above 2015-16: 82.2%... https://t.…
RT @darrenrovell: 24 Years Ago Today: Larry Bird Retires https://t.co/863AgbxOan
https://t.co/V8jUhFCEMf
https://t.co/OOc6399c6p
https://t.co/1dn0jaWRf4
RT @GreillyPost: Redding man arrested for Fairfield July 4 groping https://t.co/Grc1uQYzPw via @ffldcitizen
https://t.co/F5VgXhxWix
https://t.co/hkbK4dEmNC
https://t.co/LKU8ZYLZ4O
RT @darrenrovell: This Night In 1992: The Dream Team beats Spain by 41 points https://t.co/UJx9u7mXHZ
RT @SchwingPost: #GE could not have won OK for a new HQ complex like this by zoning officials in #FairfieldCT, which it is abandoning https…
https://t.co/oq4wwG5N4J
https://t.co/qrcdPRNvtx
https://t.co/EO6VmneklZ
https://t.co/OqPIwr03fA
https://t.co/nXE6IHYaPC
https://t.co/k58XOPO7g8
https://t.co/UTpTAhJQTM
Conversation with @JaneGreen on her latest novel #Falling https://t.co/ZTpZUkqB87
https://t.co/cv1NA0Hbb8
https://t.co/58YQzKdJkX
https://t.co/E3jQihH5kQ
https://t.co/6h8zIPYwFA
https://t.co/GyMOBmvVil
https://t.co/JSzbLc5fEC
https://t.co/m6FVllcv3A
https://t.co/nbpm5qvRc0
https://t.co/8KiKS0fGmL
https://t.co/0HT2oNyuvf
https://t.co/S8Qlyoi8Vj
https://t.co/YMD0JcGprm
https://t.co/P2eLdJcZ3K
https://t.co/NgRXVuRUpF
https://t.co/9j241qfRpk
https://t.co/5dKnhxOKw4
RT @TerrapinHoops: 30 years ago today, we lost a legend. 		Len Bias 	November 18, 1963-June 19, 1986	https://t.co/AWAyX70Hiy
https://t.co/FTb4RqFMih
https://t.co/Dww6pcbW7D
https://t.co/5Nca3WdTad
https://t.co/0tQ7QWIwVz
https://t.co/8VAPqZEd4I
https://t.co/KSZDga1hq8
https://t.co/GeXXdCin4R @Mugatunes @trinitycollege
https://t.co/HXIaAMeRZR
https://t.co/MQCqB6ZBPS
https://t.co/gHQHgiuXR6
https://t.co/2FQcpEiV2h
https://t.co/M5QOhNO0Q6
https://t.co/zj8UJUDq4Q
@jahimes visits with constituents in Westport: https://t.co/xFfzvTDJAG
#westport family makes @realDonaldTrump bumper stickers https://t.co/qwa3gHxmGL
https://t.co/5aEP35dHNI
https://t.co/wSMI9PmLTQ
https://t.co/3uR8rjJjx6
https://t.co/8UuzaniglV
https://t.co/jvuxUj6a2C
https://t.co/vNBV2CaO25
https://t.co/wX1EWJx3Sw
https://t.co/kMLyPPucyF
https://t.co/ZYTBNNwvVJ
https://t.co/WTmUj9Qpox
https://t.co/Q1aBSd44My
https://t.co/ANSWq60mbs
https://t.co/OXVdR1DtHb
https://t.co/UPAC30yxOw
Scene of the standoff between Westport Police and Kyle and Carrie Owen, tenants of 35 Richmondville Ave. https://t.co/7A68JfRKTH
https://t.co/ZVFlDDSZ38
https://t.co/Q3NYSdqH5a
https://t.co/c0YtR1gUoe
@WestportFarmMkt opens for the season next Thursday https://t.co/6fuFi6ZVLP
https://t.co/WWmy5cyxvP
https://t.co/Mr2KH70QhZ
RT @SachaPfeiffer: The latest stellar work by the @BostonGlobe's @GlobeSpotlight Team https://t.co/OgOEgd2J28
https://t.co/y7ZQ6XCdTj
https://t.co/OcOkwnRti0
https://t.co/BAOV9APciv
https://t.co/O9AAbQxIus
https://t.co/60cU2ZBs8K
https://t.co/MOHvCPOeN3
https://t.co/V4rv6ky4BG
https://t.co/fIbOSthbif
Story on original #badnewsbears team member @TheRealRevDave and his role as a minister in #Westport https://t.co/XRjoC8s5wq
https://t.co/dFoJHJ7Xcr
https://t.co/4NCuNWEq8b
@billclinton makes the case for @HillaryClinton at a fundraiser in #westportct 	https://t.co/ZtrIIvbuOG
#westportct couple to be honored by @RedCross 	https://t.co/DxRPESXaqk
Westporters 3D print a new type of drone @Freebird_Flight #westportct 	https://t.co/fvLyWJ0LjK
https://t.co/TJiWYVSxjy
https://t.co/GWbUMdMIBn	#Westportct students reported safe after #EcuadorEarthquake
Westport's reaction to proposed state school aid cuts by @GovMalloyOffice https://t.co/y7yxCVyW18 #westportct #ctbudget
https://t.co/PL4kYSaErQ #westportct
RT @GreillyPost: Fairfield budget gap up to $4.5M if state cuts stand https://t.co/Vgxuijl4PV via @undefined
https://t.co/voxNH9RGsT #westportct
https://t.co/TnItlZ9cyk #westportct
https://t.co/h5UUconpiD  Proposed housing complex in #westportct
https://t.co/zHncTXd4nh #westportct
https://t.co/k39UdZ1DY5
https://t.co/xpqBp2GNYz
RT @BarstoolTrent: Jay Wright just like, "Another day in the life of me." https://t.co/02DAdyqzC0
RT @barstoolsports: #RIP UNC https://t.co/4B0BKyowOW
https://t.co/yXgtIzz9lw #westportct
https://t.co/i9qSETlvNn #westportct
The NCAA Final Four, ranked by academics https://t.co/t0CjdmAwW2 via @TIME @holy_cross
New Westport Police Chief Foti Koskinas embraces his daughter after being sworn in #westport https://t.co/NBN9oQAmgP
https://t.co/4PlnaTURH7
@AngeldocD I hope Xavier and the rest of the fam appreciate the miracle that is your cornbread on this holiday 🙏
https://t.co/9DnQ6sweWj
https://t.co/FUkTWcT5fv
RT @AdamSchefter: Cleveland is expected to reach agreement with former Redskins' QB Robert Griffin III today, per team source. Griffin III …
https://t.co/xViHpPM7vN
https://t.co/AKLyEOJZp5
Westporter on working with #SCOTUSnominee #MerrickGarland https://t.co/3xAvpNuq5W
https://t.co/lgrmhiKSIF
https://t.co/3UzxDwolFd
RT @HCrossMBB: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  https://t.co/li4mgs83pj
https://t.co/HPHLjhh3z7
RT @HCrossMBB: The battle moves West.	#RiseTogether https://t.co/Dhc5gFNX63
RT @umterps: Off to Spokane! #FearTheTurtle https://t.co/0J7DjHLweU
https://t.co/bUYmmVlXZM
https://t.co/QqQ2bQ5bEF
RT @nytimes: North Korea sentences Otto Warmbier, U.S. student, to 15 years’ labor https://t.co/MTGSUuGb9v https://t.co/hob14U9nZr
https://t.co/4wt0otFMRA
https://t.co/JdKyrPBcSM
Westport Director of Secondary Education James D'Amico will be the next Staples High School principal #westport
https://t.co/Bm1UD0Qzoa
https://t.co/bcBjWwDkdK
RT @nytimes: She graduated in the top of her class. Now she gets her day in court, suing her law school https://t.co/dalR5BPytA https://t.c…
RT @umterps: BBall: Five Terps Earn All-Big Ten Honors: Melo Trimble, Diamond Stone, Robert Carter, Jake Layman and Rasheed... https://t.co…
RT @holy_cross: Final five candidates announced for 2016 Bob Cousy Award presented by Holy Cross https://t.co/5QLhGEnSfD https://t.co/FdDuq…
https://t.co/H4nK8CY5B4
https://t.co/wzOWo9wNFG
https://t.co/TnXsbrZE7a
Scene at the Norwalk Historical Commission hearing to save the White Barn Theater https://t.co/pijDJWaxnS
https://t.co/qUndKHLv8p
https://t.co/iFhKDRUfQp
https://t.co/Mjszqcgu07
Deputy Chief Fotios Koskinas will be promoted to police chief April 1. https://t.co/qUR92opPzs
Police Chief Dale Call announces his retirement. https://t.co/Hf8q2N4l0Y
https://t.co/Yr8VcY7Fb4
https://t.co/HuNiwa7j8h
https://t.co/J3aUSVjA3K
https://t.co/BbvUJ6PGEu
https://t.co/GrzzbRVHfU
https://t.co/8CWS3Ud4Yb
https://t.co/IccKNUnEUZ
https://t.co/8yPdiEXS1s
https://t.co/QEwTjLz1SH
https://t.co/6gKTDd6Rtn
https://t.co/2EFwugUL9U
RT @connpost: U.S. Supreme Court Associate Justice Antonin Scalia found dead	https://t.co/QzSSAZyQCq
https://t.co/8LC6C5RIaW
https://t.co/C49925dW6Y
https://t.co/OpCdD8b3fj
https://t.co/s0QBMRlfwV
https://t.co/Y0EvgxYkMn
https://t.co/5MwZ6YKnmQ
https://t.co/cTXEsoFsss
https://t.co/AXPTclhsus
https://t.co/zZrUYUccET
https://t.co/EYbLoqFDJx
https://t.co/GOUF5iPgoU
#Westport Board of Education approves Landon's final budget of $113,455,048.
https://t.co/eV7kXIFq17
https://t.co/yAGvXfM1jh
https://t.co/bpP7BUXvTj
https://t.co/149AL8Ee3O
https://t.co/1W1rgeQHwd
RT @debwest: Tonight's vigil for #stapleshs studen Chris Lanni has been cancelled. https://t.co/0GJifm3jU2
RT @SchwingPost: #WestportCT, it’s winter: Out and about in the season’s first #snowfall https://t.co/TFQSfZd7HZ via @wptnews
https://t.co/pLBHARvDPn
https://t.co/sbk3iQV0M0
https://t.co/5ODAZjJQF5
https://t.co/9sPRGMOfhK
https://t.co/fl7avD1L56
RT @wptnews: More changes to proposed ‘Riverwalk’ zone for Save the Children site	https://t.co/6xc01uDAfM
https://t.co/wxqwAmoxx4
https://t.co/cdeLvNWvem
https://t.co/gwKL0tJtjd
https://t.co/poAKd2tRGt
https://t.co/XabUWpQk3M
https://t.co/Yo3MfnZC0c
https://t.co/166oTSUtIG
Financiers OK $290k for Coleytown air conditioning: https://t.co/zndrQ3EUhV
Palmer's appointment as next Westport superintendent expected soon: https://t.co/AYwm0X9aF5
RT @nflnetwork: Andy Reid, do your thing. https://t.co/EZuXQkCg2G
RT @Redskins: Swaggy likes it. #HTTR https://t.co/Y1Y1Heu5Yc
Banner year for PRC Football: https://t.co/AZsv0q7wLs @PRCAthletics @PRCFootball
Article on dedication of Coach Roland Ladner Court: https://t.co/UIcUZzUjhQ
PRC girls keep winning: https://t.co/5FHIeOCRLx	@PRCAthletics
Story on Poplarville's All District selections: https://t.co/D7sn4TBPQc
Boys basketball	Poplarville:51	PRC: 32	@PRCAthletics
PRC girls: 48	Poplarville girls: 27	@PRCAthletics
Poplarville boys basketball	Poplarville: 66	Stone: 49
Poplarville girls basketball	Poplarville:49	Stone: 50
Wayne County eliminates PRC from playoffs with a 37-13 win #shscores
Wayne County scores on a 1 yd td run with 6:46 in 4th to make it 37-13 #shscores
PRC scores on a 1 yd td run with 11:04 in 4th quarter. 2 or no good. Wayne leads 30-13 #shscores
At the end of 3rd quarter Wayne leads PRC 30-7 #shscores
Wayne scores on a 46 yd td run with 2:49 in the 3rd to put them up 30-7 #shcores
At the half Wayne County leads PRC 23-7 #shscores
Wyatt Davis connects with Austin Champagne for a 20 yard td pass with 3:18 in the 3rd. Wayne still up 23-7 #shscores
30 yard field goal for Wayne with 7:03 in 3rd quarter to put them up 23-0. #shscores
Wayne County scores on a 14 yard td pass with 8:31 in 2nd quarter. Wayne county up 20-0 #shscores
At the end of the first quarter Wayne County leads PRC 14-0 #shscores
Wayne County scores again on a 35 yard touchdown pass with 3:46 in the first quarter. Wayne county leads PRC 14-0 #shscores
Wayne County scores on a 1 yd td run with 8:28 in the first to make it 7-0. #shscores
About to get started in Carriere for Wayne County @ PRC. https://t.co/xKAZVD9R6L
Picayune drops a hard fought contest to Pass Christian 66-61
Lady Tide beat Pass Christian 51-38 @_MaroonTide_
PRC girls improve to 3-1: https://t.co/yv1qZ8CEhd	@PRCAthletics
Poplarville boys bball win home opener:https://t.co/fBtXGV8gpd
PRC vs Wayne County preview: https://t.co/RUWt3NOXEK	@PRCAthletics
Poplarville boys basketball beats PRC 60-33 @PRCAthletics
PRC girls basketball beats Poplarville 61-49	@PRCAthletics
Recap of PRC playoff win vs Natchez: https://t.co/WQ7NEElgfO		@PRCAthletics
PRC/Natchez game story: https://t.co/1nn4HFu3ZK
PRC girls basketball beat Lumberton:  https://t.co/dvlzP2Cz8C	@PRCAthletics
RT @Coastfootball: FINAL: Picayune 28 - Wayne County 58. https://t.co/ceUKgbQREj
PRC 52	Natchez 7	Final	#shscores
Natchez scores with 3:51 in 4th. 	PRC leads 52-7 #shscores
PRC scores again with 11:55 in 4th. 	Devils up 52-0	#shscores
At the end of 3 quarters	PRC 45	Natchez 0	#shscores
PRC scores again to make it 45-0. 7:12 3rd #shscores
9:29 3rd quarter PRC scores on 14 yd td run to put them up 38-0 #shscores
@chrismmarquette @sunherald
PRC converts on a field goal to end the half. 	Halftime:	PRC 31	Natchez 0	#shscores
Hunter Holifield with his second td run of the half for 5 yards. PRC leads Natchez 28-0. #shscores
Wyatt Davis with a 25 yd td pass to Christian Roberts to put PRC up 21-0 in the 2nd quarter. #shscores
Hunter Holifield with an 8 yd td run to put PRC up 14-0 with 1:24 in the first quarter.	#shscores
Michael Tatman with a 58 yard td run to put PRC up 7-0 quickly. #shscores
About to get started for Natchez at PRC. https://t.co/ijcmvMY36v
Lady Blue Devils with a big win at home against Lumberton. 		PRC 60	Lumberton 45
Game story on Picayune's home opener: https://t.co/y5wQNWwhhk		@MaroonTideBball
Story on Coach Feaster, PRC defense: https://t.co/c7hN8lRkg5		@PRCAthletics
Picayune 63	Ocean Springs 46	Final 		The Tide improve to 1-1
Picayune 50	Ocean Springs 33	End of 3rd q
Picayune 34	Ocean Springs 20	Halftime
Tide 11	Ocean Springs 8	End 1
Basketball final score:	Picayune lady Tide 42	Ocean Springs 34
RT @MSGRIDIRON: Updated #MSGridiron Top 10 &amp; rankings for 6A, 5A and 1A. Final regular season rankings. https://t.co/8YjiWlw0ra https://t.c…
RT @Coastfootball: Picayune has to win 2 playoff games to keep alive the longest NON Losing season. At 20 right now. Started in 1995. https…
PRC makes a statement against Picayune: https://t.co/hidNTSFgH0	@PRCAthletics
PRC ends Picayune's 20 game winning streak against them 	PRC 41	Pic 14	#shscores
Christian Roberts with his 3rd rushing td of the game. PRC up 41-14 #shscores
Josh Little 1-yd td run to cut PRC lead to 34-14 #shscores
Start of 4th	PRC 34	Pic 7	#shscores
PRC 34	Pic 7	Start of 4th
Michael Tatman with a 7-yd td run to put PRC up 34-7. #shscores
Hunter Holifield scores his second rushing TD of the 3rd quarter. PRC leads Picayune 27-7. #shscores
Hunter Holifield finds the end zone on 6-yd TD run. PRC up 21-7 #shscores
At the half PRC leads Picayune 14-7 at the half #shcores
Christian Roberts puts PRC up 14-7 with a 12-yd td run #shscores
Skylar Bowman with a 1-yd TD run. Picayune tied with PRC 7-7. #shscores
PRC up 7-0 after one. #shscores
PRC scores on their 14-play opening drive. Christian Roberts with a 2-yard TD run. PRC up 7-0. #shscores
RT @PatrickOchs: For reference: Breaking down the playoff confusion for 6A, 5A and 1A  https://t.co/il28OveSwi
Three Blue Devil seniors (Salser, Holifield and Roberts) talk about PRC's game tonight @PRCAthletics @PRCFootball :	https://t.co/EIVV5N6Fhr
What PRC/ Picayune game means to Picayune Principal Kent Kirkland:	https://t.co/8USRgsdZCP
What PRC/Picayune rivalry means to PRC alum Superintendent Alan Lumpkin:	https://t.co/7od563b9Hz
PRC at Picayune preview: 	https://t.co/OJFGpCHzQn
PRC wins Region 4-5A District Championship game story: https://t.co/1mJNAdTILW
PRC beats Hattiesburg 35-13. Blue Devils are District Champions #shscores
Hattiesburg scores a touchdown. 2pt no good. PRC up 35-13 #shscores
Picayune falls to Pascagoula. If PRC finishes off Hattiesburg, they win the district. PRC currently leads 35-7 with 4:04 in 4th. #shscores
22 yard td run for PRC to make it 35-7 #shscores
1 yard td run by Christian Roberts puts PRC up 28-7. His 4th rushing td of the game. #shscores
At the end of 3 quarters PRC leads Hattiesburg 21-7	#shscores
Hattiesburg on the board with a 12 yd td run. PRC leads 21-7	#shscores
Christian Roberts in for a 6 yd td run, his 3rd of the game. PRC leads Hattiesburg 21-0	#shscores
At the half	PRC 14	Hattiesburg 0	#shscores
Christian Roberts with his 2nd td of the half puts PRC up 14-0 #shscores
After quarter 1	PRC 7	Hattiesburg 0	#shscores
Christian Roberts with a 62 yard td run to put PRC up 7-0 against Hattiesburg #shscores
Picayune stunned by Long Beach: https://t.co/xUuEorDk5N
Vj holt scores on a reverse now Tide need to convert for 2 #shscores
Long Beach 10 yd td pass. 36-28. Picayune gets a chance to match. #shscores
Picayune tied with Long Beach at 28 after 4 full quarters as they head into overtime. #shscores
Long Beach ties the game at 28 with a 10 yd td pass and a 2 point conversion with 1:01 left in 4th. #shscores
Long Beach scores and converts  for 2. Picayune still leads 28-20 #shscores
5 yd td run makes it 28-12 Tide. #shscores
Picayune 21	Long Beach 12	End 3rd 	#shscores
RT @ThePicayuneItem: Prc answers with another td and xtra pt!!  Blue devils now lead 14 7. @sunherald #shscores
Picayune scores on a 1 yd qb sneak. Tide up 21-12 #shscores
Halftime:	Picayune 14	Long Beach 12	#shscores
69 yard pass complete for a long beach touchdown. Picayune leads 14-12 #shscores
Picayune leads 14-6 after a 9 yard td pass by Skylar Bowman. #shscores
RT @ThePicayuneItem: Picayune takes the lead on a 7 yard td run by Trey Wimbrow. Picayune up 7-6 at the end of the 1rst. #shscores
51 yd TD for Long Beach with 3:38 in the 1rst. PAT no good. Long Beach leads Picayune 6-0 #shscores
RT @Coastfootball: 5A Region Title Playoffs	Next 3 weeks to decide Region Title	Goula at PRC 10/23	Yune at Goula 10/30	PRC at Yune 11/6 htt…
Picayune 51 Stone 14 Final. #shscores
4 yd td for picayune makes it 50-14 #shscores
David Baker 9 yd td run to put Picayune up 44-14 #shscores
5yd td run for Stone. 37-7 Picayune after 3. #shscores
2 yd td run for Picayune. They lead 37-7 with 1:41 in the 3rd. #shscores
Bowman throws a 32 yd td pass to Vyron Brown. Tide up 30-0. #shscores
21 yard td for Picayune. They lead Stone 23-0. #shscores
At the half Picayune leads Stone 16-0. #shscores
Skylar Bowman with his 2nd td of the half, another 1 yd qb sneak. PAT no good. 16-0 Tide. #shscores
FG makes it 10-0 Tide with 7:05 in 2nd. #SHScores
Skylar Bowman 1 yard qb sneak for a touchdown with 11:58 in 2nd quarter. Picayune up 7-0 #shscores
Score 0-0 at the end of one quarter between picayune and stone #shscores
Picayune''s Josh Littles on list for possible South Miss player of year award so far @_MaroonTide_  @TidesmenFTBL  https://t.co/0CuT7Yesv3
RT @Coastfootball: Coast Rushing Per Game 	1. East Central 334 	2. Bay High 330	3. PRC 328	Only teams over 300 yard per game. http://t.co/w…
Final: PRC 46 Long Beach 14 #shscores
After 3 quarters PRC leads 46-14 #shscores
2 yd td run for PRC. They lead 46-14 #shscores
At the half PRC leads Long Beach 39-14 #shscores
28 yd td pass from Wyatt Davis to make the score 39-14 in favor of PRC #shscores
Long Beach with a 99 yd td pass to cut lead to 32-14 #shscores
1 yd td run for PRC. They lead 32-7 #shscores
3 yd td run and 2 pt conversion good for PRC. Blue Devils up 26-7 #shscores
8 yd td run for PRC. Blue Devils up 18-7 #shscores
12-7 PRC at the end of one quarter#shscores
Long Beach on the board with a 20 yd screen pass. 12-7 PRC leads. #shscores
14 yd td run ups the Blue Devils lead to 12-0 #shscores
PRC 50 yd td run 19 seconds into game to put them up 6-0 #shscores
RT @granthpaulsen: Pierre Garcon just made the most adult catch of the day. #Redskins lead with 26 seconds left. Took shot. Big time throw …
Picayune game story:	http://t.co/hFJybZY5YV		@_MaroonTide_ @PicayuneMemoria
Picayune beats W. Harrison handily 55-12 #shscores
2 td td run Tide up 55-12 with 1:36 left in game #shscores
Tide score on a two yd run to make it 48-12 #shscores
At the end of the 3rd quarter PIcayune leads W. Harrison 41-12 #shscores
W. Harrison takes a kickoff back to the house. Picayune still leads big 41-12 #shscores
Tide up 41-6 after a 17 yard toss #shscores
Trey Wimbrow with a td run to make it 34-6 Tide #shscores
At the half Picayune leads W. Harrison 28-6 #shscores
Trey Wimbrow with a 3 yd td run to make it 28-6 Tide #shscores
After one quarter of play Picayune leads W. Harrison 21-6 #shscores
Josh Littles with his 2nd td of the quarter, a 32-yard run to put the Tide up 21-6 #shscores
RT @Coastfootball: Pearl River Central has some ball Hawks coming up with 6 team Interceptions with 3 returned for touchdowns. http://t.co/…
@_MaroonTide_ @TidesmenFTBL  https://t.co/rpDfvzUnQD
RT @Coastfootball: Recap 	Picayune 28-21 o/ Gautier	PRC 68-28 over Stone	Pascagoula 42-19 o/ Long Beach	Hattiesburg 43-16 o/ W Harrison htt…
PRC beats Stone game story: http://t.co/ksaLHiuIIp @PRCFootball
Another PRC score. Blue Devils now up 62-14 #shscores
Another pick six for PRC. Blue Devils up 55-7 #shscores
Picayune's Josh Littles is leading Southern Mississippi in rushing @_MaroonTide_ @TidesmenFTBL  https://t.co/MAv2pjf1uk
Maroon Tide game story http://t.co/gMAMkRwvrl
Final score Poplarville beats Stone 35-12 @sunherald @Coastfootball
After Three quarters Poplarville leads Stone 21-12 @Coastfootball @sunherald
At halftime Poplarville leads Stone 14-12. @PicayuneItem @sunherald
2yd TD run by Jesse Pernell. PAT good. Hornets lead 14-6.
Hornets take lead after a 7yd run by Austin Bolton @sunherald @PicayuneItem
At the end of Q1 Stone leads Poplarville 6-0 @PicayuneItem @sunherald
#poplarville ready to get it going @PicayuneItem http://t.co/aDAhyZGErv