@OffficialZoba Lawer
@starcherjanuary
Join my Facebook group: https://t.co/PYM3gzEBgd - Join my Facebook group: http://t.co/0OT3dzZEaL
http://t.co/pKiPVscKq3
Photo:  http://t.co/bDfVMI0rKn
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough. -Mai West
Two things are infinite ; the universe and human stupidity ; and I'm not sure about the universe. -Albert Einstien
" Be yourself, Everyone else is already taken. -Oskar Wilde
" Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind. -Bernard M. Baruch
Something that is easy to learn is easy to forget.
Many women have won a man's love by cooking delicious meals for him. They fed his stomach and love in his heart.
An injunction to be tolerant of people who are different from on self.
If we have a problem, we may find the answer after a good night's sleep. People also say: ''I'll sleep on it.''
If we get married quickly, with out thinking carefully, we may be sorry later. And we will have plenty of time to be sorry.
If we have the determination to do something, we can always find the path or method to do it.
Don't worry about problems before they arrive.
We don't have to pay for the things that are really valuable, like love, friendship, good health etc.
You always think that other people lives are better than yours.
You can give a person a chance, but you can't make him or her take it.
Don't question good luck.
People often don't like the same thing.
From one problem to another. By one's effort to get out of a very bad situation, one managed to get into an even worse one.
You have to try or you won't get anything.
Act early and you can save a lot of time.
there's always something good in bad time.
I do`nt have a girlfriend. But I do know a woman who`d be mad at me for saying that. -Mitch Hedberg
Diplomacy is the art of saying, ``Nice Doggie,`` until you can find a rock. -Will Rogers
A typical vice of American politics is the avoidance of saying anything real on real issues. -Theodore Roosvelt
The true genius shudders at incompleteness anusually prefers silence to saying something which is`t everything it should be.-Edgar AllanPoe
All we are saying is give peace a chance. -John Lennon
Who you are speaks so loudly I can`t here what you`re saying. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
God proves his love on the Cross, when Christ hung, and bled and devil, it was God saying to the world, I love you. -Billy Graham
If you get down and quarell everyday, you are saying prayers to the devil, I say. -Bob Marley
While they were saying among themselves it can not be done, It was done. -Helen Keller
I did`nt attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it. -Mark Twain
It is no use saying, ``We are doing our best,`` You gave got to succeed in doing what is necessary. -Winston Churchill
I am so clever that some times I don`t understand a single word of what I am saying. -Oscar Wilde
Don`t go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. - Mark Twain
Success never achieved by the size of our brain but it is always achieved by the quality of our thoughts.
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they are supposed to help you discover who you really are.
If you are not willing to learn, No one can help you. If you are determined to learn, No one can stop you.
Let us be grateful to the people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.-Marcel Proust
The most important thing is to enjoy your life - to be happy - it's all that matters. -Audrey Hepburn
Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears. -John Lennon.
" People are just as happy as they make up their minds to be'' -Abraham Lincoln
I'm sending you a smile not because you made my day but because I'm hoping it will make yours a little bit better.
Don't make friends before understanding &amp; Don't break friendship after Misunderstanding.
A good friend is hard to find, hard to lose, and impossible to forget.
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.
A friend is someone  who is there for you when he'd rather be anywhere else.
Friendship isn't about whom you have known the longest'''' It's about who came, and never left your side'''''
Never explain yourself. Your friends do not need it and your enemies won't believe it.
A friend is someone who can see the truth and pain in you even when you are fooling everyone else.
Value and appreciate those person who sacrifice their something for you, Because may be that something was their every thing.
A woman is like a tea bag: you can not tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water. -Nancy @CourtReagan
Be grateful for for whoever comes because each guest has been sent as a guide from beyond. -Rumi
concentration is not starring hard at something. It is not trying to concentrate. -W. Timothy Gallwey
You don not have a life, You are life.
The highest understanding is not to understand. -Zen Proverbs
The goal of life is to make make your heartbeat match the beat of the universe to match your nature. -Joseph campbell
The only journey is the journey within -Raivr Maria Ritka
Natural alarm clock that allows to wake up is caused by a stress harm one.
A 15 to 20 minute anything nap improves memory. Increases alertness and reduces the risk of heart desease.
A 15 to 20 minute anything nap improves memory.
A picture is poem without words. -Horace
Mentally, Porcing yourself to forget about something is painful and literallt causes you to thing about it even more.
Attention: Positive thinking can,t work in the `lower self` / `ego` but only in the higher/true self the true adults conscousness.
Our thinking causes the mind to create nagative scenarious and replay painful memories.
The facts book : The human body is better suited for two four-hour sleep cycles rather than one eight-hour one.
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong. -Mahatma Gandhi
You must to try to be always cheerful and peaceful. Than only you will have concentration of mind. -Swami Dayananda Saraswati
A quick way to get yourself out of sadness is to focus on helping someone else. -Lazer Brody
If you have`nt any charity in your heart. You have the worst kind of heart trouble. -Bob Hope
School don`t even test your intelligence, It test your memory.
If are ease with yourself, Everyone will be at ease with you. Be natural and be simple.
It is not enough to be busy. So are the ants. The questions is what are we busy about. -Henry David Thoureau
One can have peace of mind if one avoids stop comparing criticizing and complaining about others.
Our prime purpose in this life is to help others, And can`t help them, at least don`t hurt them. -Dalai Lama
Every morning we are born again. What  we do today is what matters must. -Buddha
Negative emotions can damage your immune system.
The only discipline that losts in self-discipline. -Burn Phillips
Your heart is the size of an ocean. Go find yourself in its hidden depth. -Rumi
Religion is like a pair of shoes. Find one that fits for you, but don`t make me wear your shoes.
Love and compassion are necessities, not luxurries, without them humanity can`t survive. -Dalai Lama
Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck. -Dalai Lama
Life is journey to be experienced, Not a problem to be solved.
Nothing is forever, except change. -Buddha
As you walk and travel, be where you are, Otherwise you will miss most of your life. -Buddha
Enjoy the little thing, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things. -Robert Brault
Decisiveness is a common Characterstic of all successful men and women -Brian Tracy
I get jealous, I get mad, I get worried, I get curious, But that`s only because I love You.
If you purpose to speak always ask yourself. 1 - Is it true, 2 - Is it necessary, 3 - Is it kind. -Buddha
Motivation is a fuel, necessary to keep the human engine running.
Most people choose to be silent Or alone because they hate spending time with stupid people.
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit, Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
The happiest people don`t have the best of everything, They make the best of everything.
When a person dies.They`ve 7minteOf brian activities left.It`s Mind playingBack Persons memories inA dream sequence.
The fear of remaining unmarried or marrying the wrong person is called anuptaphoobia and affects almost 30-40 persent of women.
64000 Men/Women commit suicide in India every year. Thousands cuz false dowry cases, domestic violance
Writting down your worries or seeing and analizing there therfore an exam can help cleare your mind and boost your test scores.
When you find a king, keep him. When you find a queen, love and protect her, Don`t reshuffle ur card, cos is might and up picking a Jokar.
Friendship is not about who you`ve known the longest. It`s about who walked into your life, "I`m here for you" and proved it.
Attachment leads to suffering. -Buddha
Beauty is not in the face; Beauty is a light in the heart. -Kahil Gibran
Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around. -Henry David Thoreau
Life is very short, so forgive quickly, believe slowly, love truely and laugh loudly.
Distance is nothing when the love is real.
Age is not guarantee  of matyrity. -Lawana Blackwell
I am an optimist.  It does not seem too much use being anything else. -Winston Churchill
You have to believe in yourself when no one else does that makes you a winner right there. -Venus Williams
Virtue can not live in solitude; neighbours are sure to grow up around it. -Confucius
To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice. -Confucius
You have no more right to consume happyness without producing it than to consume wealth without producing it. -Bernard Shaw
When individual excellence is combined with team work we can work wonders. -Giani Zail Singh
A blow with a word strikes deeper than a blow with a sword.- Burton
Success often comes to those who dare and act, it seldom goes to the timid who are ever afraid of the consquences. -J. L. Nehru
Human history is in essence a history of idea. -H. G. Wells
A good hert is better than all the heads in the world. -Bulwar Lyttonn
There is something bitter to bear than the reverseness of fortune , it is ingratitude of man. -Nepolion Bonaparte
When you retire to bed, think over what you have doing during the day.
If anyone speaks evil of you, Let your life be such that no one believed him.
your character can not be essentially injured, except by your own acts.
Oh God, save me from my friends; I shell dead with my enemies myself. -Voltaire
God bless Us Everyone. -Charles Dickins
I wish you all the joy that you can wish. -William Shakespeare
Friends are not so easily made as kept. -Marquis Of Halifax
Friends are as dangerous as enemies. -De Quincey
Good humour may be said to be one of the very bet articles of dress one can bear in society. -W. M. Thakeray
Everyman is a volume, if you know how to read him. -Channing
Civility costs nothing but buys everything -Lady H. W. Montaigne
Life is not victory but battle Even keep a brave and happy heart. -William Shekespere
All truths not merely true ideas, but truthful faces truthful pictures or songs, are highly beautiful. -M. K. Gandhi
I know nothing except the fact of my ignorance. -Socrates
A thing of beauty is a joy for ever. -John Keats
Trust no future, however pleasant Let the dead past busy its dead Act in the living present Heart within and God overhead. -H. W. Longfellow
Love is absolute happyness and every moment is ajoy ecxept when I am away from my adored one. -Nepolion to his Beloved
It has been comming so gradually that I hardly know when it begans . -john Austen
Two blooming hearts are longing to embrace each other, Let them do so.
Keep the eyes wide open before marriage ; and half shut afterwards. Thomus Fuller
To marry once is a duty , twice a folly, thrice a madness. -Dutch Proverb
A woman must be a genius to create a good husbandd. -Bulzac
A deaf husband and a blind wife are always a happy couple. -Danish  Provarb
Love is blind and Lovers can not seethe petty follies that they themselvescommit. -Shakespeare
Love is a beautifull dream. -William Sharp
Love, that reason of all unreasonable actions. -Dryden
Love indeed  is light from heaven, A spark of the immortal fire. -Byron
Love is the business of idle, but the idleness of the busy. -Bulwerl Lytton
True love is the gift which God has given to man alone beneath the heaven. -Sir Walter Scott
Love really has nothing to do with wisdom or experiences or logic. It is the prevailing breeze in the land of youth. -Bruno Lessing
The family is more sacred than the state. -Pope Puius 11
Nature never did betray, The heart that loved her. -Wordsworth
There is a little less trouble in governing a private family than a whole kingdom. -Montaigne
I know nothing except the fact of my ignorance. -Socrates
A think of beauty is a joy for ever. -John Keats
The world is like a stage where the actors play there roles actors come and go but the stage remains. -William Shakespeare