We've arrested the owners &amp; manager of Parrilla Latin Bistro in Washington Heights for allegedly stealing over $160K of wages from 9 of their employees.	 	Stealing hard-earned money from our workers will not be tolerated in my office.
Evading our rent regulation laws and forcing low and middle income tenants to pay exorbitant fees for fake services is deception of the worst kind.	 	This is a notice to all unscrupulous landlords who seek to hurt New Yorkers: we will not tolerate this behavior.
We're in Jamaica, Queens to announce a lawsuit against Zara Realty for repeatedly violating rent stabilization laws and harassing tenants at their Queens apartment buildings.	 	Zara has been taking advantage of their tenants for far too long. https://t.co/BnmeKDIfu2
We have a duty to protect those who are being discriminated against, and my office will always protect the rights and choice of transgender individuals.
We led a coalition of 21 AGs in filing an amicus brief supporting Drew Adams, a transgender student suing the St. Johns County School board for discrimination.	 	Drew has been denied the ability to use the bathroom that corresponds with his gender identity.
We know this model works &amp; keeps property ownership in our neighborhoods, while bringing permanent solutions to communities.	 	We must be doing everything we can to help good landlords who want to improve their properties and preserve affordable housing in our state.
We're expanding a Landlord Ambassador Program that provides grants to community groups to partner with landlords struggling to maintain their buildings.	 	This partnership will provide guidance &amp; support to these landlords so they can preserve &amp; protect housing.
Today, New York passed a bill to criminalize revenge porn. This cruel and non-consensual conduct is a vicious form of humiliation and control that our laws must protect against. 		New York is now one step closer to never tolerating this abusive behavior.
Earlier this week my office announced the expansion of a program to provide grants for Community Land Trusts to build affordable housing and revitalize our communities.	 	We toured a home in Island Park, Long Island that was purchased &amp; built by a CLT using these funds. https://t.co/3Zb6URYAuq
I applaud the US House of Representatives for their bi-partisan passage of #HR8 for Universal Background Checks on all gun sales. 		It’s time to finally keep guns out of the hands of anyone who poses a danger to our society and keep our country safe.
Today we celebrate 175 years of Dominican Independence.		New York wouldn’t be the same without the contributions of our Dominican community.	 	Que viva Quisqueya la bella!		🇩🇴🇩🇴🇩🇴
His alleged scheme not only stole money directly from the hands of non-profits and veterans, but it also denied homeless veterans access to desperately-needed shelter and a place to call home.	 	This type of unconscionable behavior will never be tolerated.
We've secured the indictment of a Brooklyn man for allegedly stealing thousands meant to pay the rent of homeless veterans in New York City from 5 community based organizations, and for stealing 200K in lottery winnings from a disabled veteran who was seeking housing assistance.
Municipalities can apply for these grants to fund CLT start-up costs, acquire &amp; renovate distressed properties &amp; provide training &amp; technical assistance to homeowners.		Protecting communities &amp; providing safe &amp; affordable homes will always be a priority.
We’re in Nassau County today to announce $8 million in grants to fund affordable housing created through Community Land Trusts.		The need for affordable housing is felt throughout NY &amp; CLTs are nonprofits that create &amp; preserve housing.		These grants support countless families. https://t.co/Zxs77Xx1FR
Today's the big day, New York City!	 	If you have any issues at the polls, we're here to help:	 	☎️1-800-771-7755	✉️civil.rights@ag.ny.gov https://t.co/hWnzwDlylJ
Mañana es la elección especial para el Defensor/a del Pueblo de la Ciudad de Nueva York y aliento a todos los residentes de la Ciudad de Nueva York a salir y votar. 		Si encuentra problemas para votar, repórtelo a la línea directa de la Fiscalía General entre las 6 AM y las 9 PM. https://t.co/QhFDq7l9Z3
Tomorrow is the special Election for New York City Public Advocate &amp; I encourage all NYC residents to get out and vote.	 	If you experience any problems, report them to the Attorney General’s Election Day hotline between 6AM-9PM.	 	☎️1-800-771-7755	 	✉️civil.rights@ag.ny.gov
As you’re getting ready to start the new work week don’t forget about the special election for Public Advocate in New York City this Tuesday, 2/26!		Use the link below to find your polling site, and if you have issues on Tuesday, let us know. 		🔽🔽🔽		https://t.co/vFuhk8VIwW https://t.co/7jR6uY4Dep
There’s a special election for New York City Public Advocate this Tuesday, 2/26. 		The polls will be open from 6AM-9PM, and my office will be operating a special hotline for anyone who has any problems at the polls. 		Make a plan to vote and do your part for our democracy. https://t.co/cVvfaG8KL2
Today we secured the conviction of the owner of 3 Manhattan pharmacies for a multi-million dollar Medicaid fraud scheme involving HIV drugs.	 	The owner will be sentenced to prison &amp; will forfeit over $3.6M back to the New York Medicaid program. https://t.co/dQEkjjhd8S
These new rules are dangerous &amp; unnecessary.	 	New York will not stand by as this administration puts New Yorkers' &amp; millions of Americans at risk.		We will take legal action.
The Trump Administration just enacted baseless regulations pushing an anti-choice political agenda on families who rely on Title X for access to critical family planning &amp; health services.
Those seeking asylum are doing so because they fear for their safety, and the federal government sending them back into harm’s way is unconscionable.	 	New York will continue to support those seeking refuge here &amp; will fight back against anyone who tries to thwart this process.
The Trump Admin’s Turnback Policy directs officials to deny some asylum-seekers the ability to present their claims for asylum.	 	Federal law requires officials to promptly give them a fair chance to present their claims, not force them to languish under inhumane conditions.
BREAKING: We've filed an amicus brief with 19 AGs in support of a lawsuit challenging the US Customs &amp; Border Protection's practice of unlawfully denying individuals access to the asylum process at ports of entry on the southern border. https://t.co/Y73sTkVgJE
We reached a settlement with the owner of "STAR Exemption Advisor" for scamming thousands of homeowners out of at least $1.56M by charging them to forward tax exemption applications that should be free.		My office will pursue any individual who tries to deceive New Yorkers.
Two companies, Energy Plus &amp; Ambit, will pay $700K &amp; $1.5M respectively in payments to customers &amp; penalties.	Thousands of NYers will get their money back after being deceived.	 	We have zero tolerance for companies seeking to defraud NYers out of their hard-earned money.
We're announcing restitution &amp; penalty payments from multiple energy service companies that defrauded consumers across our state.	 	We found companies were engaging in deceptive practices resulting in customers paying more for energy services when they were promised savings.
Being incarcerated should not result in being denied basic human rights.	 	Facilities must have proper protocols &amp; procedures in place in the event of emergencies. We will continue to support the call for stronger policies &amp; practices at the federal level.
We've filed an amicus brief in the lawsuit filed by the Federal Defenders of New York over the federal government's failed response to the power &amp; heating outages that occurred at the Metropolitan Detention Center in Brooklyn and resulted in days of inhumane conditions. https://t.co/F1aqVVLF8V
Great morning speaking to the New York Association of Towns and the leaders of the 932 towns that make our state so great. 		Proud to be your partner in government and in uplifting our communities. https://t.co/y1BKzDZQRo
Diverting necessary funds from real emergencies, crime-fighting activities, and military construction projects usurps Congressional power and will hurt Americans across the country		We won’t stand for this abuse of power.
BREAKING: We’ve joined 15 AGs in filing a lawsuit challenging President Trump’s declaration of a national emergency &amp; his attempt to divert funding appropriated by Congress for other purposes.		Declaring a National Emergency when one does not exist is immoral and illegal.
Mi declaración sobre el anuncio de la Corte Suprema con respecto al caso del Censo: https://t.co/XcMVT7bWm2
My statement on the Supreme Court’s announcement regarding the Census Case: https://t.co/DQFhhRyYEH
Declaring a National Emergency without legitimate cause could create a Constitutional crisis. It will harm millions by diverting funds necessary to handle real emergencies &amp; disasters.	We won't stand for this abuse of power &amp; will fight back with every legal tool at our disposal.
1 year ago, 17 lives were taken from us at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, FL, forever changing their families &amp; community.	 	Gun violence affects our entire nation &amp; we will continue our fight every single day for gun control laws we know save lives. #MSDStrong
Tonight is a painful night for all of New York City, as we mourn the loss of an NYPD Detective who was killed in the line of duty. 		Everyday our men and women in uniform risk their lives to protect us, and tonight we are truly heartbroken to lose one of our own.
110 years ago today the @NAACP was created to fight back against discrimination.		Ever since, it has led the way for civil rights, equality, and justice in our country.	 	On behalf of the State of New York, thank you. #BlackHistoryMonth
At a time when so many Americans are struggling to make ends meet, the CFPB should be focused on protecting consumers, not advancing policies that could potentially hurt them even more.
The proposal would expand the use of "no-action" letters, effectively making it easier for companies to test new products and services without the regulatory oversight necessary to protect consumers and ensure financial stability – the core role of the CFPB.
I'm leading a coalition of 21 other AGs to urge the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) to reject new proposals that would erode critical protections for consumers. https://t.co/Px86LlTKeA
Intentionally underpaying workers is both highly illegal and immoral, and this office will never hesitate to investigate anyone who tries to cheat our workers or our government.
We secured guilty pleas from construction contractors for failing to pay their workers &amp; falsifying records to New York City for public works projects claiming they paid them.	 	The contractors will pay restitution &amp; are barred from any public works contracts in NYC for 5 years.
We're announcing a lawsuit against the managing agent of a co-op in Brooklyn for allegedly abusing his position to defraud senior citizens on the sale of apartments in the building to himself &amp; his entities.	 	We will never tolerate this type of fraud in any corner of our state.
“Under New York State law, hospitals that provide forensic rape exams or other services to sexual assault survivors do so without charge.”		If you have a complaint regarding hospital billing or other health-care related issues, call us:		1-800-428-9071		https://t.co/78NFgtwvEs
My office is offering a debt relief program for certain workers &amp; families in New York who were impacted by the federal shutdown.	 	We're accepting applications through May 28th, 2019.	 	New Yorkers don't deserve to be unfairly punished.	 	https://t.co/dXFp1wt5lJ
TPS protects thousands of individuals in the United States whose home countries face armed conflict, natural disasters, or other crises that make returning unsafe.	 	My office will continue to use every resource at our disposal to protect New York’s vast immigrant communities. https://t.co/aHMWnwbVjt
With 21 other AGs, we took action to continue efforts to defend Temporary Protected Status Holders from Haiti, El Salvador, Nicaragua, and Sudan by filing an amicus brief before the U.S. Court of Appeals.
I'm pleased that the courts recognized that the Worst Landlords Watchlist is an effective tool used by the Public Advocate’s Office to hold bad landlords accountable &amp; protect tenants. I hope that future PAs will continue to utilize this important tool that has helped New Yorkers
RT @thenyic: #BREAKING: immigrant advocates celebrate @NewYorkStateAG landmark legislation protecting NY’s immigrant workers ⬇️ full releas…
Defrauding homebuyers is against the law &amp; we will never tolerate actions that take advantage of hardworking New Yorkers.	 	If you believe you’ve been scammed as part of a home or property sale, we want to know.	 	File a complaint:	 	https://t.co/SRSNrkICrm
We've arrested the owner of "Valued Homes" for allegedly defrauding over 40 homebuyers in Upstate New York by soliciting deposits, down payments, and cash for mobile &amp; manufactured homes and using that money for personal expenses and to further this scheme.
Hoy anuncié un proyecto que enmendaría la Ley Laboral de NY, haciendo rendir cuentas a empleadores que toman represalias contra trabajadores amenazándolos con revelar su estatus migratorio a las autoridades federales.		https://t.co/98DGWoeJ4W
New York State was built by immigrants and it has always stood proudly as a beacon of hope and opportunity no matter where you were born.	 	We will protect our most vulnerable workers and ensure they are not silenced or punished by threats about their immigration status.
Today I announced legislation to amend the New York Labor Law to hold employers accountable who retaliate against workers by threatening to expose their immigration status to federal authorities.		https://t.co/b085OyHtUl
Our investigation remains ongoing. 		If you have a complaint with a hospital bill or other health-care related issues, call us:	 	1-800-428-9071
Inflicting the secondary trauma of forcing survivors to fight illegal billing and collection agencies is unfathomable, and we will not allow it to continue.	 	My office will continue to do everything in our power to protect survivors and their rights.
We reached a settlement with a Bronx hospital after our investigation revealed the hospital was illegally billing sexual assault survivors for forensic rape examinations.		This is the 9th settlement of our statewide investigation into the illegal billing of rape examinations.
A very happy Lunar New Year to everyone celebrating this holiday and the #YearOfThePig.	 	I wish you all health, happiness, and prosperity for this coming year. #LunarNewYear
Practicing medicine without a license puts NYers in danger, undermines our healthcare system &amp; diminishes the work of licensed doctors committed to the health &amp; safety of their patients. 		We'll continue to aggressively prosecute those who commit fraud at the expense of NYers.
We're announcing the conviction of an unlicensed physician who illegally performed medical procedures on patients and committed a massive disability insurance and welfare fraud scheme in New York &amp; Nassau Counties.
Government is entrusted with protecting its citizens, and I am committed to supporting these workers who were unfairly punished.	 	To apply for the program, visit our site or call our hotline at 1-800-771-7755.		https://t.co/dXFp1wt5lJ
Even though the shutdown is over, New Yorkers are still feeling the pain.	 	This program will allow thousands of workers impacted by the shutdown to get back on their feet without added financial burdens or the fear of penalization.
Today I'm announcing a debt relief program for certain workers &amp; families in New York who were impacted by the federal shutdown.	 	The program will offer debt relief on certain debt for furloughed federal employees, contractors &amp; their families who lost income &amp; business.
It is unacceptable, illegal, and inhumane to detain people without basic amenities, access to counsel, or medical care. The inmates at the Metropolitan Detention Center deserve better.		I demand answers.		https://t.co/BQtJFFXV0q
As we celebrate the start of #BlackHistoryMonth we must recognize that without Black history there would be no American history. 	 	The achievements of Black people throughout generations have helped to shape this nation—a fact that should be honored and remembered every day.
The EPA is ignoring the Clean Air Act &amp; refuses to require reductions of the pollution responsible for this serious public health risk.		My office will stand firm for the quality of air in our state &amp; force the EPA to follow the law &amp; ensure New Yorkers’ legal right to clean air.
We're leading a coalition of 6 states &amp; the City of New York to sue the Trump Administration's EPA for failing to comply with federal law requiring additional controls on smog pollution that blows into New York and other states. https://t.co/WSoddqjsny
Secretary DeVos &amp; the Trump Administration must understand the gravity of what's at stake.	 	It's the Education Department’s duty to protect students in every way they can, and help them feel safe while receiving their education.
The rollbacks discourage the reporting of sexual discrimination, harassment, and violence, and if enacted, would limit the school's responsibility to prevent &amp; investigate sexual assault and harassment.
I submitted a letter to Education Secretary DeVos and the Trump Administration to express my concern over the Department's efforts to roll back key protections for survivors of sexual assault on college campuses.
Let this settlement be a clear message that anyone profiting off impersonation on social media and seeking to make a quick buck lying to honest Americans is breaking the law and will be held accountable.
The fake followers, likes, &amp; views that Devumi sold came from bot &amp; sock-puppet accounts.	 	Devumi also supplied fake accounts that copied real people's social media profiles, and sold endorsements from influencers without disclosing that the influencers had been paid.
We've reached a groundbreaking settlement with Devumi for selling fake followers, likes, and views on social media platforms like Twitter &amp; YouTube.	 	This is the first settlement of its kind to find that selling fake social media engagement is illegal.	 	https://t.co/HsIVmdVFyE
Reports indicate Apple was informed more than a week before it was shared across social media.		This breach is a serious threat to the security &amp; privacy of millions of New Yorkers who trusted Apple.		We must use every tool at our disposal to ensure consumers are protected.
We will conduct a thorough investigation into Apple's response to the situation &amp; will evaluate their actions in relation to the law.		@NYSConsumer is also establishing a hotline for complaints related to the FaceTime bug.		 Consumers can call 1-800-697-1220.
BREAKING: We’re launching an investigation into Apple’s failure to warn consumers about the FaceTime privacy breach &amp; their slow response to addressing the issue.		New Yorkers shouldn't have to choose between their private communications &amp; their privacy rights.
But we cannot stop here, we must continue to fight against the scourge of gun violence.	 	My office is committed to prosecuting those seeking profit from the business of death and to sustaining a proactive approach that will continue taking lethal weapons off of our streets.
Today, by strengthening our already tough gun control laws, New York has taken another step to push back on the ever-present threat of gun violence in our state.
The passage of the #ChildVictimsAct will finally provide survivors with the justice they have long deserved and will serve as a loud and clear message that child abuse will never be tolerated in New York.	 	I applaud the NYS Legislature, today is a historic day for justice.
Today is National #DataPrivacyDay, and your personal data always deserves to be protected.	 	There are steps you can take to learn more about data privacy, and ways you can help protect your own data, how it's stored, shared and collected.	 	Read more:	 	https://t.co/uGhMBRTPDU
Far too many communities throughout New York continue to be blighted by zombie homes. 		Zombies 2.0 will be a key resource for cities and towns across the state to combat this nuisance, and make communities whole.
The grants will provide funds to our local cities and towns to increase housing code enforcement, track and monitor vacant properties, and bolster legal enforcement capacity to ensure banks and mortgage companies comply with local and state law.
I am in Syracuse today to announce “Zombies 2.0”, a $9M expansion of a grant initiative addressing the growing zombie home crisis throughout our state. 		These abandoned houses significantly decrease property values and threaten the safety of surrounding neighborhoods. https://t.co/QtR2xtVE5P
Great to meet with the impressive students of @SUCollegeofLaw. I know these future lawyers will do us proud.		Go Orange! https://t.co/Rett33Uxp2
I am grateful to the attorneys &amp; advocates who have passionately fought for #DACA and I will always stand up and fight for immigrants at every turn.
Approximately 42K New Yorkers have benefited from #DACA, allowing them to live &amp; work here without fear of arrest or deportation. 		Their presence in our communities is vital to our culture and our economy.		New York wouldn’t be the same without our immigrant communities.
Today I attended a hearing at the U.S. Court of Appeals regarding our lawsuit that challenged the Trump Administration’s termination of #DACA.
Today the New York Legislature passed the #DreamAct, voting to give every student the chance to receive college assistance and pursue their dreams, regardless of their immigration status.		Another proud day to be a New Yorker.
All tenants residing in the buildings will be entitled to rent-stabilized leases at affordable rents &amp; all apartments in each building are now subject to rent stabilization.	 	Landlords should be on notice: we will always crack down on greed &amp; protect the rights of tenants.
We've reached a settlement with the president of two cooperative corporations in New York City for using two buildings as rentals when they were legally co-ops for decades.	 	Tenants were deprived of protections to which they are entitled under rent stabilization laws.
These critical bills will ensure all women in New York have access to the medical care they deserve &amp; I will continue our state’s efforts to ensure the federal government cannot rollback this right.	 	I’m proud to be a New Yorker today.
They passed:		✅ The Comprehensive Contraception Care Act which protects New Yorkers' access to cost-free birth control.	 	✅ The Boss Bill which allows New Yorkers to make their own reproductive health decisions without the fear of reprisal from their employers.
Today, New York signed the Reproductive Health Act into law, officially codifying this protection in our state.	 	But the Legislature didn't stop there.
46 years ago today, Roe v. Wade was decided and a woman's right to choose became the law of the land.	 	In the years since, too many have tried to reverse it and infringe on this most basic right.
We will continue to root out alleged illegal practices that increase costs of health care and medication for all New York Medicaid recipients, and will hold accountable any provider that may engage in these deceptive practices.
We’ve also reached a $60M settlement in principle w/Walgreens for allegations of false claims made to NY's Medicaid program for prescription drugs.	 	Allegations include billing certain drugs at a higher cost while selling the drugs to consumers as part of a reduced rate program.
We’ve reached a $209.2M settlement with Walgreens over Medicaid fraud allegations for over-dispensing insulin pens.	 	Walgreens didn’t always adhere to prescribed days of supply outlined by prescribing doctors, and allegedly billed Medicaid for the additional doses.
While we are disappointed with the Supreme Court's decision to allow the ban to proceed, we will continue to challenge the policy.
Alongside other states, we have fought in the Circuit Courts to stand up for the rights of transgender people to serve in the military.		Today’s decision doesn’t stop that fight.
Companies should never be allowed to freely mislead the public, especially when there are health concerns involved.	 	This serves as an important message that deceptive and false medical practices will never be tolerated.
Along with 45 other states, we've reached a $120M settlement with Johnson &amp; Johnson and DePuy, Inc. for misleading information about hip replacement devices.	 	DePuy, Inc. misled patients about the longevity &amp; effectiveness of the hip implant devices.
As we remember the life and legacy of Dr. King, let us emulate his steadfast commitment to uplifting each other and ensuring justice for all. 		His legacy has left an imprint on every inch of our society, and we are a greater nation because of him. #MLKDay
❄️ A winter storm is going to impact most of New York State tonight through tomorrow. ❄️	 	Make sure you're prepared. 		Stay off the roads and follow your local weather stations and @NYSDOT for updates on road treatments and winter travel advisories.
To everyone across our nation and across the world who is standing up and speaking out today for the rights of women, thank you.		Your unshakable commitment to equality and justice has turned a moment into a movement. 		Let's keep it going.
Child labor laws exist for a reason.	 	My office will continue to prosecute to the fullest extent of the law employers who unlawfully put children in danger.
Today Luke Park, a dairy farm owner in Homer, NY, was sentenced for violating child labor laws which resulted in the death of a 14 year old boy.		Park allowed children to operate heavy machinery and made them work hours over the legal limit for minors.
Even though New York has some of the toughest gun laws in the nation, lax gun laws in our neighboring states jeopardize our safety.		New York has zero tolerance for anyone who tries to illegally bring weapons into our state.
We took down gun traffickers who brought guns from Pennsylvania and illegally resold them in New York.	 	The individuals illegally trafficked firearms through the Iron Pipeline, including assault weapons, semiautomatic pistols, a ghost gun and hundreds of rounds of ammunition. https://t.co/I18KiXJbF8
Sterling Jewelers betrayed their customers trust and violated the law.	 	This settlement holds the company accountable for its misconduct and ensures that there isn't another customer deceived.
We reached an $11M settlement with Sterling Jewelers (Kay Jewelers &amp; Jared) for enrolling consumers in store credit cards without their knowledge, misrepresenting the terms of the cards consumers did enroll in &amp; enrolling them in card insurance without their consent.
It’s unacceptable that unlicensed individuals would ever perform medical work in New York, and cheating our state out of millions of dollars of Medicaid fraud is against the law.		We will never tolerate these dangerous and deceptive business practices.
Earlier today, we reached a $9M settlement with Diamond Braces, a chain of dental offices operating in twelve locations in New York State, for allowing uncertified employees to perform orthodontic procedures and then improperly billing Medicaid for payment for such procedures.
My statement on today’s “State of the State” address by Governor Cuomo: https://t.co/1cVdBJzUM5
I applaud the NYS Legislature for their historic vote on passing #GENDA.	 	The Gender Expression Non-Discrimination Act will help truly make New York a state free of hate and give protections of equality guaranteed by law.
Nunca dejaremos de luchar para garantizar que nuestros procesos estén protegidos y que nuestro gobierno federal cumpla con su responsabilidad de servir a los estadounidenses.
Una pregunta sobre ciudadanía habría sembrado innecesariamente el temor en nuestras comunidades y evitado un conteo de población preciso.	Los conteos precisos son imprescindibles para asignar fondos a programas y determinar la representación en el Congreso y procesos electorales.
¡Nuestra oficina acaba de ganar un caso importante a la Administración de Trump! Un juez del tribunal de distrito de EE. UU. ha bloqueado el intento de la administración de Trump de exigir información sobre el estatus de ciudadanía en el #2020Census.
We will never stop fighting to ensure our processes are protected and that our federal government is fulfilling its responsibility to serve Americans.
The citizenship question would have needlessly sown fear in our communities and prevented an accurate population count.		Accurate population counts are imperative for allocating funding for critical programs &amp; determining fair representation in Congress &amp; the Electoral Process.
BREAKING: Our office just won a major case over the Trump Administration! 		A U.S. District Court Judge has blocked the Trump Admin's attempt to demand citizenship status on the #2020Census.
The right to vote is a core of our democracy.	 	We have a duty to make it as easy as possible for New Yorkers to be able to go to the polls and make their voices heard.	 	Tonight, the NY Legislature took major steps to fulfill that duty by passing historic voting legislation.
My office will continue to fight for clean air for all New Yorkers.
This is particularly problematic in rural areas upstate.	 	NY is the nation’s second largest consumer of wood for heating, and residential wood heating contributes more soot to NY's air than the electricity generation and the transportation sectors combined.
I'm leading a coalition of 8 states in fighting against the EPA's proposal to give manufacturers an additional 2 years to sell wood heaters that produce soot, a major public health concern, and fail to meet tighter anti-pollution standards.		https://t.co/kUJsdLalxH
We must protect our commercial fishing industry and the many New Yorkers who depend on its continued economic health.
Today @NYGovCuomo @NYSDEC and I filed a lawsuit against the federal government challenging the unfair quota allocated to NY's commercial fluke fishery.	 	These outdated numbers deny our fishermen &amp; women their fair share of the catch &amp; hurt our economy. https://t.co/NBd77LyuJs
Let this serve as a message that we will never allow companies - however large or small - to cheat or harm New Yorkers.
Working with the NYC Law Department, we found that FedEx knowingly violated laws that were created to protect us from the serious health risks associated with cigarettes and cheated our City and State out of millions of dollars in tax revenue.
We reached a $35.3M settlement with FedEx for shipping illegal, untaxed cigarettes throughout New York City &amp; State.		FedEx will implement reforms in its delivery systems and hire an independent consultant to ensure they comply with the law.		https://t.co/30yqMAa8Jw
My office will continue to use every tool at our disposal to protect a woman’s right to reproductive healthcare.
With CA and 13 other states, we just secured a preliminary injunction blocking the Trump Administration’s attempt to allow employers to interfere and deny millions of women and their families access to cost-free birth control guaranteed by the Affordable Care Act.
Excited to be at @HofstraU today for the inauguration of our great @NYSComptroller Tom DiNapoli. He has committed his career to bettering the lives of New Yorkers &amp; ensuring we have a stronger and more fiscally responsible state. 		Congratulations Tom, NYers are lucky to have you https://t.co/Bl28tAH5h6
Great day on Long Island visiting the Suffolk &amp; Nassau Regional Offices of the Attorney General’s office to learn about the issues impacting Long Islanders. 		Looking forward to visiting the rest of the teams that protect every corner of this great state. https://t.co/6EpMJEWLQJ
The proposed rule would limit legal protections for workers, compromise collective bargaining &amp; allow companies to potentially evade justice for labor violations. 		We should be protecting workers’ rights, not denying them.		I will continue to vigorously defend all NY's workers.
Today, I submitted a letter with @PAAttorneyGen &amp; 9 other attorneys general to the National Labor Relations Board in opposition to a new proposed rule that would unreasonably narrow its joint employer standard and hurt our workers. https://t.co/68MqvsrIMc
“Court employees shall not discriminate...on the basis of…gender identity, gender expression...”		There’s zero tolerance for discrimination against the trans community in the courthouse or anywhere across the state of New York.		https://t.co/9wGRBBpkqT
This settlement is a victory for New Yorkers, Americans &amp; our environment.	 	This office will never tolerate companies that cheat &amp; evade our environmental laws or deceive consumers about the products they sell.
We found Bosch supplied illegal software used in more than 600K vehicles over the span of a decade, assisted auto companies with installation &amp; concealed the misconduct from regulators &amp; the public.	 	Bosch cooperated with the investigation &amp; will strengthen compliance measures.
This precedent-setting settlement with Bosch marks the first time any auto supplier has entered into a settlement for violating environmental and consumer protection standards.	 	Bosch will pay $98.7M to states across the country, including millions to consumers in New York.
New York led a coalition of 9 states to reach a landmark multistate $171M settlement with auto industry giants Fiat Chrysler &amp; Bosch for violating environmental &amp; consumer protection standards across the United States.
Community activism will never be the same without Luis Garden Acosta.		The founder of @elpuentepalante, he was a champion for civil &amp; human rights and a trailblazer to empower underrepresented communities in New York for decades. He will be missed.		https://t.co/auC8YHG6ej
Today the former owner of Monack Medical Supply has been sentenced to prison for defrauding the State Medicaid program of over one million dollars.	 	Let this be a reminder that using a fraud scheme as a means for personal gain will never be tolerated in the State of New York.
Yesterday, we joined a coalition of AGs to urge HHS to withdraw an unreasonable proposal that risks access to healthcare, attacks women’s access to reproductive rights, and undermines the #ACA. 		We have a duty to safeguard the health and safety of all of our residents. https://t.co/78KEeZ8A4E
We will never tolerate this type of behavior that defrauds both our state and our communities.		Read more: https://t.co/chut7qa30s
Today, my office convicted Interline, a substance abuse program &amp; its Exec. Director of grand larceny for engaging in a systematic kickback scheme &amp; violating patients' rights. Interline forced homeless clients to use its services, in turn providing market-rate housing.
These defendants stole from a community-based hospital for years, at the expense of its patients.		Our office will continue to investigate all forms of fraud and seek to protect taxpayers and our state resources from anyone trying to line their own pockets.
We're announcing the criminal conviction of two nurses and the former director of a Brooklyn hospital for stealing approximately $750K from Interfaith Medical Center, defrauding Medicaid of over $30K and under-paying state taxes by nearly $40K.
We are committed to protecting the homes of all New Yorkers.	 	If you believe you have been scammed by a foreclosure rescue operator or a debt relief organization, submit a complaint to the New York State Attorney General’s Office:		https://t.co/AnrxKM3prY
Sanchez was sentenced to 60 days in prison followed by 5 years of probation. 		In addition, ownership of the two properties has been transferred back to the lawful owners.		No one should have to worry about their property being stolen by scammers.
Today Marilyn Sanchez was sentenced for stealing ownership of two separate residential homes in Brooklyn.		This sentencing marks the first deed theft ruling from an investigation conducted by our office.
Approx. 27,600 cards associated with NY consumers were compromised in the breach.		NYers should trust that their personal information will be protected &amp; this includes while shopping.		This office will continue its commitment to improving data security in the state of New York.
New York, along with 43 states &amp; DC, reached a $1.5M settlement with Neiman Marcus to resolve an investigation into the 2013 data breach of customer payment card data at 77 retail stores in the US.		Neiman Marcus has also agreed to implement a number of data security policies.
Deputy Attorney General Jose Maldonado brings a wealth of legal knowledge and experience to the office of the Attorney General’s leadership team and I am confident that New Yorkers are getting top quality criminal justice work with him at the helm.		https://t.co/DM0cOZ5l1S
José Maldonado aporta una gran experiencia jurídica al equipo de liderazgo de la Fiscalía General y estoy segura de que los neoyorquinos están obteniendo la mejor calidad en materia de justicia criminal.		https://t.co/DM0cOZ5l1S
My thoughts and prayers are with the family of Firefighter Steven Pollard and the entire @FDNY. Steven courageously worked everyday to protect our City and today all of New York City mourns his loss. 		https://t.co/U8sIArWycg
Thank you to everyone who came out this evening to celebrate my inauguration. 		A special thank you to @JohnJayCollege for hosting us and all the wonderful student volunteers who helped make it happen. https://t.co/hkcmKDa0zS
Along with penalties &amp; restitution, ACS has agreed not to service loans for major federal programs or private loans for the next 5 years.	 	With the student debt crisis at an all-time high, federal loan servicers should be supporting borrowers, not deceiving them at every turn.
#BREAKING: Working with @NYDFS, we reached a historic $9M settlement w/federal student loan servicer ACS Education Services (now Conduent)		For years ACS deceived students, pushing them towards expensive options rather than programs that bring relief to high costs &amp; forgive loans
Today, 17 Attorneys General and I filed a notice of appeal to defend the  #ACA. 		Healthcare is a right, and New York will continue to work with this coalition to safeguard access to healthcare for all New Yorkers and Americans. https://t.co/Wg6ipPIovJ
To all New Yorkers: 		I am here to promote meaningful change, to keep our families safe and moving forward, and to advance justice at every turn. I will keep you and your community held firmly in my heart and mind as I walk into work every day. 		Now, let’s get to work.
I will fight to:		➡️close a loophole so public officials cannot evade justice. 	➡️codify women's reproductive rights	➡️crack down on corruption	➡️take on corporations that pollute our planet 	➡️reform our criminal justice system	➡️protect the rights of all our communities
I believe in the rule of law and democracy and the expectation that in the eyes of government, you shall be treated no worse than your neighbor on the right and no better than your neighbor on the left.
Today many Americans find the American Dream slipping from their reach. 		The rights and dignity of everyday people are being trampled by the most powerful among us.  		But today, we take that power back. 		Today, we respond.
Like so many, I come from humble - but determined - beginnings. 		My parents came from Southern backgrounds, raising their children in NYC to give us a chance at a better life. They weren’t privileged but they were blessed. I imagine they would be very proud of me today.
It is my profound honor to be on Ellis Island tonight to pledge my service to the people of the great state of New York, as your Attorney General. https://t.co/mKA7sQcPBS
As New York's new Attorney General, I'll be tweeting from this account moving forward.		We're setting an important precedent and making all previous social media posts produced by this office available in a searchable archive, available to all. https://t.co/4QAOBB8uUD
I am deeply honored and humbled to officially become the Attorney General for the great state of New York. 		Tonight, I make a commitment to use the rule of law to protect the rights and advance the interests of all New Yorkers. 		New Yorkers, I won’t let you down. https://t.co/vfU2VH0iEt