Less collateral damage.
@RWPUSA The only way should give the crown prince nukes is if he's the target. Use something like a 155 mm howitzer. More localized than ICBM. Maybe Tomahawk.
@MollyMcKew Maybe his kids do have some redeeming elements or are they just lucky.
@MalcolmNance Mueller has a sense of humor. trump doesn't. Wouldn't know what was funny if you explained to him. Oh I forgot he does listen he's too smart already.
@RWPUSA Shows a serious inability to move forward. With him in charge things like wheels, fire, and moveable type would still be in the future. Way in the future.
@Lawrence I never considered it.This simply confirms it. Also don't buy Papa John pizza.
@JoyceWhiteVance or black or brown or asian or Native American or less than rich or female.
@CarolLeonnig @shaneharris @jdawsey1 Yes, I know. I am a regular listener to Nicolle Wallace and Rachael's shows. And this ex-Marine is very proud of the CIA lifers for standing their ground.
And master trump what word in Mr. Lee's acceptance speech was racist?	I am as far as I know white. Not orange. If you heard racism in his speech then you are a racist. And all I heard in Mr. Lee's acceptance speech was a call to action. Which I plan to do my best to heed.
and gets recognized by a sister from Brooklyn. Not for skin color but for being from Brooklyn like her and for wearing a hat. Like her.Wouldn't it be nice if all we recognized people different from us was for their creative excellence and how they are like us. And master trump
Wouldn't it be nice if we didn't feel the need to use that expression "of color"? But we still have a long way to go. Back to Sunday night. The sone of Egyptian Immigrants wins the best actor Oscar. Spike Lee wins for best adapted screenplay and gets recognized by a sister from
Sunday night they actually put it on display. We don't have enough emphasis on women in technical fields. My extended family has been bucking that trend for years. But Sunday night women of color were willing awards for technical expertise. Wouldn't it be nice if we didn't feel
I'm a bit late doing this but I've been away from the net due to circumstances beyond my control. Seldom has this former Marine been more proud to be an American than watching the Oscars Sunday night. In the past they mouthed platitudes about diversity. Sunday night they
Mr, Meadow did not make a mistake. His is a long term pattern of behavior. Righteous indignation does not protect or absolve him. If acts like dog shit and it talks like dog shit you don't need to taste it.
Growing up where most of my neighbors and friends were Hispanic or Native American .you either become against people who are different in color than you or you learn to appreciate them for who they are. We people of caucasian color forget that racism includes every shade. Mr. https://t.co/VYFBrHY7Ss
@MichaelSteele https://t.co/RLKWpzIdWU
And as for mr roger stone. You should spend the time leading up to your sentencing for the crimes you are charged with as guest of the appropriate federal lockup. https://t.co/h4MSoft5EQ
Firing Mueller will not stop the investigation. trump might try to ask General Antonio Lopez de Santa Ana's ghost if he still thinks wiping out the garrison at the Alamo was a good idea.
I'm sure whatever he's felt he could farm out to other sections of the FBI, the Justice Department as a whole and to state Atorney's General and District Attoneys has been and will continue to be as long as his investigation proceeds. Firing him will not stop the
I also have no doubt that his success in team sports in school and his likely life saving exposure in combat to the Marine Corps concept of the use of combined arms and close air support have shaped his approach to investigatons. I'm sure whatever he's felt he could farm out to
what is less well known is Mueller's impact on the institutions he's worked in. Most especially the FBI. Much of the investigative capacity, especially its interconnectedness and its ability of investigate crimes overseas are largely Mueller's work. I also have no doubt his
than Robert S. Mueller, III. Sir Arthur Conan Doyle was well known for his Sherlock Holmes stories. But what is less well known is his impact on the way crimes are investigated.  Like Dr. Doyle Mr Mueller is known for the public jobs he's held what is less known is his impact on
election was what he should have done. I believe the appointment of a special counsel was at that point a foregone conclusion. I believe that if trump is guilty of the things he's being investigated for, trump could not have possibly gotten a more devastating lead investigator
I just watched Nicolle Wallace interview Andrew McCabe. I found him to be credible. I also think his inclusion of the questions surrounding trumps potential as an asset of russia into an already ongoing full counterintelligence investigation into russia's meddling in our
@siano2020 And if you don't own property don't vote.
@siano2020 I don;t have to turn on the news.
@RealMuckmaker @RodolfiEd Mkight the white house photo shop those too?
@RealMuckmaker @RodolfiEd nothing that good standard issue high and tight from the barbers at the Washington Navy Yard can help him with.
@RealMuckmaker @RodolfiEd surely appears to be incapable of rational thought. Or did maybe somebody grab him by his equally small privates (quark size)?
@RealMuckmaker @RodolfiEd Give her something to tell the other women in her cell block in Atlanta.
@RealMuckmaker @RodolfiEd She's seems to be right out of that book of yours. Is is possible that she may be a pigment of Mr Orwell's imagination? Perhaps she should be carrying Michelle's luggage for her? Role reversal? You I just realized something positive. We don't need a last name for Mrs. O.
@siano2020 Besides, Sanders has had a lot longer to get it right. And he comes across as angry. She doesn't. It's like the two ladies I suspect are the highest paid hosts on MSNBC Rachael Maddow &amp; Nicolle Wallace. They can both say the meanest things in the nicest way.
For those of you into irony, as of 2016 the largest single investor in the donald's favorite "fake news" source the New York Times is Mexican businessman. As of 2018 Carlos Slim was listed at the 7th richest man in the world. Made his 1st stock purchase @12 yrs old.
@RWPUSA @CNNPolitics As I understand it, Mrs. Thomas is a bit of a tart tongued activists. If her husband manages to weaken Sullivan could she be putting their financial future at risk by saying the wrong things about someone with  the resources to make them hurt.
As More Electric Cars Arrive, What's The Future For Gas-Powered Engines? https://t.co/ZG1PVzUkKu If we make the major interstate freeways electric and computer controlled the accordion effect would go away, traffic would move faster, use less fuel
As More Electric Cars Arrive, What's The Future For Gas-Powered Engines? https://t.co/ZG1PVzUkKu It will be a long time b4 all electric cars have the range to be of much use outside major urban and suburban locals.
@neal_katyal My guess it was trump's idea. and stone didn't apologize. His lawyer did. Maybe they should just find him nice cold unheated cell.
@TeaPainUSA @renee3147 Yes. And I don't think he's graduated from Huggies to Depends.
@ingernet True. If only Mr. O'Toole were still around to remind us. True genius.
@MSNBC @MaddowBlog The angrier he gets the more ridicule they will heap on him. I don't think he wants to tangle with their parent company.
@RWPUSA @CNN I suspect the judge will judge is posts as similar to crest. Once out of the tube. You either brush your teeth with it or  . . . but you can't put it back in the tube.
@Peggy55755993 the closest creatures in the animals kingdom are leeches and lampreys. He has apparently evolved, if that is the proper word, to become a servant of stronger individuals having shed any evidence of a spine.
misspelled senator &amp; of
How many you republican senators are the image below?		Judas Iscariots? https://t.co/A7FCYvfQy1
How many members of the republican party in positions to do something to actually defend our country are going eagerly participate in senatore graham's show trial? How many of you have already received your 30 pieces fo silver?
@MichaelSteele Yes, Mr. Steele Howard K. Smith, a son of the south, who witnessed Hitler 1st hand lost his job after the Alabama church bombing that killed those 3 little girls because he quoted Edmund Burke about evil triumphing because good men do nothing. No good men/women left your party?
@tribelaw I'm not advocating what the partisans did to Reinhardt Heydrick. If this pestilence ends up in jail. Hopefully his follower, what make him dangerous his followers &amp; those who think his being in government gives them permission, will keep the retribution inside the echo chamber.
He must have read Richard Henry Dana's "Two Years Before the Mast" written almost a century before LaFollette. Of course there was RMS Titanic. But his legislation set seamans' work hours and other rights not previously granted.
@wvjoe911 @JubalEHarshaw0 Can he be quarantined? Permanently. 	Can we get a female judge with jurisdiction to issue a permanent gag order with a real gag? Find out what flavors he hates and make each day's real gag one of those!
HOME GROWN!!!!!!!!!!! https://t.co/UvshtxZBz1
@thedailybeast can he spell quarantine? Permanent
@BillKristol I think trump has his head up his butt(this one spelled with 2 T's) and so do the republican(the word Republicans with a capital R applies to people like Howard Baker - miss him damn it) suck ups in the senate and house.
@MSNBC Where and when can I get a copy of your outstanding All In Documentary "America at the Border"?
@HARRY43US Get used to it. Just like the folks in Kentucky who hate the government but can't survive without public assistance,  And think it's only socialism when someone with darker skin than theirs is receiving it. Semper Fi.
@RepMcGovern @susanengel14 @realDonaldTrump Re. McGovern: Why are you being so complimentary?
@JoyceWhiteVance Dream on Professor.
@siano2020 You're approaching it all wrong. There used to be this blue eyed leading man named Paul Newman. Us guys liked him just fine. Problem: we were grossly out numbered. His wife is apparently dying of dementia. Watch "The Long Hot Summer" you decide. She was a chameleon. Both were hot
@BillKristol Duh?
Imagine me agreeing with ann coulter. But I do think she's being complimentary.
@SenFeinstein Yes, but what about the contractors?
Hey donnie way to go . Get all the press there in the rose garden. and step on it. HARD. You know I hit my thump with a hammer once. It hurt. Way to lead donnie.
@MSNBC When will the full length version of Chris Hayes All In: America at the Border be available for viewing again?
@ValaAfshar Tell the truth. You don't have to remember what you said.
@cspan Yes other presidents have signed national emergency declarations WHEN THERE WERE national emergencies.
@ValaAfshar Successful managers and even more so successful leaders are great listeners.
I am not suggesting this describes you I don't know you yet. I have a problem, however, w people who simply parrot someone else's words w/o thinking through the concepts, if any, behind them for themselves. Like the sign says "make sure brain is running b4 putting mouth in gear."
@SenFeinstein @DebbieDoesTwitt Senator, I beg to differ, This moron would have waited because the fight he thought he could win was more important to him than any real emergency. It is now clear he has never met or never admitted to meeting a lady like your neighbor Speaker Pelosi.
we were both a bit deaf. I still am. Always disagreed on many things. Never got disagreeable. Energetic conversations are often the best way to learn things.
@gopTODD Mr. Weiler: I used 2 be a Republican. Now a registered Independent. Believe the country moved too far right. I used to have a friend down in the central valley of CA. Unrepentant, unreconstructed FDR Democrat. Almost made ti to 100. Used 2 have high decibel conversations
@fras99 @CherDocShare Well we wouldn't want to try to penetrate that collection of Big Mac wrappers. It might already be nearing critical mass.
@JohnJHarwood Prison is extremism. Wanting every sentient adult of voting age to free to exercise their right to vote without undue hardship is extremism. Having a rational immigration policy that welcomes people mentioned at the base of the Statue of Liberty &amp; not just the rich is extremism.
@JohnJHarwood Funny I started my adult voting life as a Republican. Now as an Independent. And I find more extreme (negatively so) behavior coming from the right side of the aisle. 	I guess by their view wanting kids to be safe in their schools without making all schools into a model of Folsom
@RepKirkpatrick U of A Class of 74. Opening night Bobbie McGee's as a busboy called Raul Castro ma'am. Whiskers and all. Good luck
@CNN @CNNBusiness A few years ago a couple of Vermont hippies were selling some really good premium ice cream with their names on it in a few stores when Pillsbury decided to try to shove them off those shelves &amp; the "What's the Doughboy afraid of" campaign was born. Maybe Bezos should have  . . .
@siano2020 No clearly he has never heard of Sir Isaac Newton. "For every action there is an equal and opposite reaction." It applies to life as well. hey Stoney! You've been dancin' it's now time to pay the band.
If they had found their political spines 1,200,000 government contractors would have also been made whole. Since they didn't have the courage 2 stand for those folks the republican members of the senate who wimped out on that subject should immediately resign and find other jobs.
I have listened to one after another talking head on tv try to ascribe the sudden discovery of a spine by the people in the US senate who call themselves republicans because they voted for the funding bill to avoid another govt shutdown. I cannot agree if they had found their
My mother's father's father was a Canadian Mining Engineer who met a lady who's family was from northern Italy in a small town in SE Sonora. B4 my grandfather finished elementary school they were driven from there to Douglas Arizona Territory (not a state yet).  Thank all of you!
live in Marin County CA. I used to work at Macy's. Immigrants from everywhere. As far as IAs far as I know California is the most prosperous state in the US and a large part of the reason for that is immigrants from both ends of the economic spectrum. My mother's father's father
The only fence in my childhood was 2 strands do barbed wire @ 30" high along the Sonoran border. South of my house in southern Yuma Valley. Until the Bracero program was killed we never locked anything. I locked my car once and got laughed at for months We need immigrants. I now
@chrislhayes Mr. Hayes: That was a beautiful show and your closing was the most on point, most eloquent explanation of where this country should focusing. I am a former AZ Goldwater Republican and former Marine who grew up 5 miles from both Sonora &amp; Baja.
@siano2020 Fortunately Not!
Those of you who want a useless, waste of money wall built on the border, when was the last time you had a Caeser Salad. You know where it comes from?  Caesar Salad was created one night when a restaurant in Tijuana was running out of food. We need immigrants.
I'm hearing rumblings that shit for brains trump is considering taking already allocated fund destined for flood control protection on the Yuba &amp; American Rivers in CA. With regard to court actions so far bet trump &amp; CA Atty Gen. Becerra what's score? Cue Mozart's Funeral March
@JoyceWhiteVance @MalcolmNance @selectedwisdom I think the fact that his last name is not trump seriously reduces the chances of him getting a pardon even without mueller's possible intention of publicizing the additional prison time.
BTW mitch how's your russian?
mitch, what more do you need to listen to suggestions of impeachment. From the perspective of this ex-Marine doing this is tantamount to the Commanding Officer leaving the gate open and telling the sentries to go back to their bunks.
From what I understand tump is in the process of crippling the part fo homeland security dept that works to protect our elections. Do we need any more proof that he knows he is an illegitimate president. That he and to cheat to win adn he will need to cheat to win again?
@siano2020 @Ashluelaroe Me neither.
@siano2020 @Ashluelaroe Do you know who put the lop in the lop shoo bop or who put the ram in the ram  in the ram alama ding dong?
@siano2020 @Ashluelaroe Does it adversely impact the way you think about an injustice that impacts us all?  "I can't really think of any rational reason to consider it unless the subject is something that might require a gay perspective - I might think it important otherwise. Can you hi the cutoff man
for trump and pence to have the nerve to criticize a person who has apologized for her remarks when they never do for theirs. They should resign, not her.
@joshscampbell @jaketapper trump's  &amp; pence's comments are made by people who have no right to call her out.
@mkraju How many years will it take them to do something about the rest of their racist, sexist, bigoted, mysoginist members including trump? Will Hell freeze over 1st? 	I think!
@MSNBC The fact that they didn't do it before doesn't make it right. Should we withhold pay to any self described republican in the federal government for the duration of that shutdown? I think they should have to walk the walk.
@Lawrence @CoryBooker @maddow I think that unless all the schultz viewers are hardcore trump lackeys he's getting too many.
This ex-Marine is more convinced than ever that trump has a problem Viagra can't help. Now candidate bone spurs who has worked very hard to weaken us militarily, strategically, economically, &amp; tactically wants a military parade on the capital mall next July 4th That's an insult.
@joncoopertweets @TheDemCoalition My money is going straight to Captain Kelly.
@JoyceWhiteVance Well mitch needs to DO HIS JOB &amp; GET A VETO PROOF MAJORITY &amp; SHOVE IT DOWN THE PETULANT LITTLE BOYS THROAT FAIR IS FAIR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@Texas_Dexter @joncoopertweets Frmr Senator Heidi Heitkamp was on The Last Word last night. She mentioned that we should be paying attention to that border. You caravan dresses better than Trump.
@RealJamesWoods So you made you living as a grammarian is that right? And trump is a paragon of virtue. April 1st is still some time in the future.
Mr Schultz: Listen to former Chief Justice Warren Burger's position on the idea of regulating guns. And I don't think he, a very staunch Republican, was ever rationally called a "bleeding heart liberal."https://t.co/jXDIWrNqjy
@HowardSchultz Mr, Schultz: On the toic of gun control I grew on the edge of the Sonoran Desert in house full of guns served 3 years in the Marines. Where as an artillery officer I learned do shoot everything the US Arsenal. The state of our society is chaos related to guns.
@Ilhan Keep up the good work. Keep showing us all how to learn and grow! Boy Howdy!
@JRubinBlogger Relying go slow folks like you &amp; mitch b4 &amp; you wouldn't be allowed near the offices of a newspaper except maybe as a typist. And voting you must be joking the common knowledge when Susan B &amp; her friends came along was women aren't smart enough to vote pie in the sky.
@JRubinBlogger I thank them for putting those ideas out there. If the climate experts are right &amp; I suspect they are more right than not we need people making suggestions. The magnitude of what client scientists are saying we need 2 do does not call for sitting on our thumbs or 1/2 measures.
@JRubinBlogger Despite his wished to the contrary the world is not his playpen and the players are mostly adults like putin, kim jung un &amp; Pelosi.
@JRubinBlogger Something the scale of Eisenhower's Interstate Highway System being made electronic &amp; powered by locally available clean power should begun yesterday. Simple thing like electronic spacing cars would reduce or eliminate the accordion effect speed traffic &amp; save energy &amp; Lives.
@JRubinBlogger I consider myself a fiscal moderate, leaning conservative. I believe we should be moving in the direction Ms. AOC is advocating. How long have we lived with arch conservatives packing the courts, lackeys for the rich eviscerating the tax code in their favor. R we btr off 4 it? No
@karen_ugly @melreynoldsU The richest people in Mexico are not drug lords.
@karen_ugly @melreynoldsU But wouldn't that make it even more sexy in light of trump's bigoted rants against anyone of color. Have they never heard of Carlos Slim and how he made his fortune. Or what Vicente Fox did before he was President of Mexico? And Mr. Fox he's no pauper and didn't inherit it.
@mviser Schultz may be a whiz bang salesman. But if he hasn't figured the tax angles he's an idiot. Bill Gates could probably tutor H&amp;R Block. And as far as Amy Klobuchar being a tough boss? Those folks better not try to get a job working directly with Bill Gates. They'd commit suicide.
@mviser I don't think Warren Buffett has ever personally paid 70% in his life. He may paid that on small part Berkshire Hathaway's income early on. Personally he probably sells small stock lots &amp; pays long term capital gains. Then most of his travel and lodging is pn company business.
@melreynoldsU Because it isn'e sexy and easily explained.
@SethAbramson Can we Stuxnet the russians?
@SethAbramson Mr. Abramson: I have never considered the russian involvement in out elections the be all and end all. 1 of their tools. They are messing a lot of arenas. 1st thing we can do 2 mess with them is un-elect trump despite what will be their best new &amp; improved efforts to the contrary
@AOC Schultz is like Gene Roddenberry's Cloud People. Clueless. We already have one of those.  Need I say more?
Why are there so few civilian capital ships plying the oceans registered under a US flag?   LaFollette Seaman's Act- legislation so monumental for its time it would seem to be a precursor to the Green New Deal. Could even make the case that LaFollette's work made FDR's possible.
I am a supporter of Senator Amy Klobuchar for President. And for those of you qho don;t think a person from the upper Midwest can be both President and Progressive look up Senator Bob Lafollette f Wisconsin. A man of such monumental Progressive stature he would dwarf today's crop
@PoliticusSarah If this tentative agreement on Immigration makes it to his desk in its present form we may be moving the right direction. And that orange Teflon he's wearing may be the original version that eventually wears off.
@TravisAllen02 Here, here!
@tribelaw So she's a supporter of abortion right the same way George Custer supported Native American rights.
@robertfranek @PoliticusSarah If what she said and apologized for is grounds for resignation then he should nver have run for president. And now mush resign without delay.
@joncoopertweets Are they any closer to listening to articles of impeachment from the Democratic House Colleagues?
@ThePlumLineGS Years ago one of my heroes Stan Freberg did a commercial for Sunsweet Prunes : "Today the Pits, Tomorrow the Wrinkles. Sunsweet Marches on!" Well	 "Today Humanitarian Aid is Up. Tomorrow Prison Beds are Down. Humanity Marches On!"
@ThePlumLineGS @paulwaldman1 How appropriate: One Navy Guy (he clearly fits Dave Barry's definition of a guy) following in the sea-legged footsteps of another Navy guy(ditto).
@ThePlumLineGS This is simply the 1st step to removing mitch from being boss of the senate and sending the entire trump adult contingent to orange jumpsuit hell.
@nprpolitics I suspect whatever trump tries to do with this budget agreement besides sign it, will COST HIM!
@DebbieDoesTwitt @SarahKSilverman Is he really that ignorant or is he simply pandering to those who are?
@BillKristol If the caucus is going to move in a doable direction someone has to run the ideas up the flagpole ot see how many salute. If it sinks she's nowhere near. Nancy has no fingerprints on the idea until it is sailing along in need of some fuel.
@BillKristol Think of the House Democratic Caucus as the US Central Pacific Fleet under Chester Nimitz. His flag shipw as a carrier. But to screen the enemy he had dozens of destroyers and Destroyer Escorts. They also guided the fleet. If the caucus is going to move in a doable direction
@JoeNBC @AOC Any good leader lets the talent espouse things that might be. This allows the new blood to flow without causing a rift. Another reason Pelosi is the best leader Congress has had since the man LBJ called "Mr Sam."
@BillKristol A life long moderate, 1st 32 years adult as a Republican, and student of history. I don;t think AOC is any more a socialist in the long run definition of history than FDR. 2 New Yorkers who saw how bad things had gotten and decided to do something. Country has  moved 2 far right.
@TheRickWilson Apparently there were a bit over 6,000 last night who were. I guess when you're totally morally bankrupt trump is someone you cna actually look up to.
@MaxBoot Not 5th avenue. He's the guy without the war heroics that F Scott Fitzgerald wrote about. The con artist, Who's effort at a really big con is about to run up against it. Pfffff Hot air out of the actually cheap bag.
@briantylercohen @joncoopertweets What's gonna happen when one of those media types puts one of his in the hospital.
@PamKeithFL I haveever since she deflated kavenaugh and he scared ted thought she(Klobuchar) should be president and he(BETO) should vp.  She's meaner than he is. I can't wait for her to get trump on stage in debate and treat him like he treats others. Not by being mean but by being the firm
@MichaelSteele @amyklobuchar @maddow I'm sure Senator knows how to use a gun. Nuff said
@MichaelSteele @amyklobuchar @maddow 3 years in the Marines &amp; my mom best pistol shot ever. Only gun our house not locked up my mom's High Standard .22 LR Derringer in her bedside table. Some fool like donnie walked into her bedroom uninvited last thing he would have seen a woman point her finger at his forehead.
@MichaelSteele @amyklobuchar @maddow Mr. Steele: I think we saw the two people I think should make up the ticket in 2020 tonight. Senator Klobuchar-President Beto O'Rourke-Vice President. Unlike Hilary. I think Senator Klobuchar will be much more like Dutch. "There you go again." trump becomes kavenaugh. his wilt 2.
@leahmcelrath Couldn't agree more!
@RepDavids @DebbieDoesTwitt @kevinyoder And Professor George Borjas  has suggested taxing the companies needing these people for the visa and using the money to compensate those adversely impacted by the influx of lower skilled immigrants.
@markknoller @IlhanMN @POTUS man the little boy sure has a skewed view of his foul, racist, misogynist mouth as if . . ..
@CarolynEast2 @RepJayapal @CatoInstitute Is the Butterflield Stage Station still being maintained in Anzo Borrego?
@CarolynEast2 @RepJayapal @CatoInstitute Nuff said
@AnjaKolibri @CybeleSees @truthout And companies like Nestle own most of it.
@joncoopertweets H. L. Mencken
@joncoopertweets @PeteHegseth I guess he's the Andromeda strange-r.
@Trumpet1984 We have it worse. orange person seems to being allowed to run the government. At least in part by bought (by who or whom not sure) and paid for people calling themselves republicans. trump didn't go to Syracuse did? I think they &amp; should the real republicans should sue him.
@CarolynEast2 @RepJayapal @CatoInstitute Poway or Julian?
@CarolynEast2 @RepJayapal @CatoInstitute Grew up south of Yuma. The desert across the East Main Canal in front my house. You know AZ desert rises going south. Never made it south of Los Angeles Bay. 2 summers La Jolla High School Algebra. My bugaboo math. Learned to water ski/sail in Sailing basin of Mission Bay.
@CarolynEast2 @RepJayapal @CatoInstitute If you go visit AZ Sonora Desert Museum  Partly a zoo(May be one of the inspirations for the Montery Acquarium- nothing not indigenous to Sonoran Desert), both Saguaro National Monuments, &amp; Windy Point (spectacular view of desert around Tucson) It up the Catalina Hwy from Tucson
@MaxBoot Let's fix Affordable Care Act universal negotiation of drug prices. Nominal (means tested) copays to get new 2 the system patient to use it efficiently &amp; effectively. Don't need 2 c Dr. 4 a hang nail. Both will lower overall costs or at least slow increases. Get EVERYONE covered
@CarolynEast2 @RepJayapal @CatoInstitute Since you are familiar with bot low desert (southern California) and high desert (El Paso) I just talked 2 a guy in Tucson. Yes they are having a wet winter. Which means that likely sometime this spring the desert around there is going 2 look like a Sherwin Williams plane crash.
@CarolynEast2 @RepJayapal @CatoInstitute Understood. With those numbers how can the repubs complain about gettign 40,000 beds. That gives them 32,000 beds to hold non prior offenders and torture them too.
@IlhanMN I'm not Jewish. But Thank You.
@joncoopertweets @PeteHegseth Typhoid Larry?
@joncoopertweets Mr. Cooper where are cotton fields in the Midwest. I think the northernmost in that region might be somewhere @ Lubbock, TX. Reminds me of the kid who was supporting Caesar Chavez by picketing my uncle's cotton field instead of his cantaloupe field. Is cotton on China;s hit list?
@QuancyClayborne @B52Malmet They will continue until they are one of those vertebrate becoming extinct.
@RickPetree "Practicing for their close-up at some federal pen, Mr, DeMille,."Turn right.
@CarolynEast2 @RepJayapal @CatoInstitute California Desert around Ocotillo, Borego, or Joshua Tree?
@CarolynEast2 @RepJayapal @CatoInstitute Even if we could stop illegal immigration completely their problems would still be there.
@CarolynEast2 @RepJayapal @CatoInstitute Shortly after the Bracero Program ended it started. These folks who are shouting about it are Johnnie Come Latelies. And I bet most of them aren't really impacted by illegal immigration. But want someone to blame for their problems. Even if we could stop illegal immigration
@CarolynEast2 @RepJayapal @CatoInstitute He knew kids down in the Yuma Valley back then started driving as soon as the could reach the pedals. Now there's a fence. There's a video folks using a ladder to climb over that fence. With a Border Patrol Agent waiting for them to climb down. So much for trump's damn wall
@CarolynEast2 @RepJayapal @CatoInstitute How safe was it? When I went to get my driver's license. The Highway Patrol Sgt. who was running the place asked me, "How long you been driving?" I start figuring back to my learner's permit. He says, "I dont mean legally!" He knew kids down in the Yuma Valley back then started
@CarolynEast2 @RepJayapal @CatoInstitute I locked my car once. I have somewhere near 300 relatives in southern California and southern Arizona. I didn't hear the end of it for years. "Hey Jimbo, anybody steal your car lately?"
@CarolynEast2 @RepJayapal @CatoInstitute My point by putting that chart up was to show how the media is helping trump make things seem worse than they are.
@CarolynEast2 @RepJayapal @CatoInstitute Living within easy walking distance of both the Sonora and Baja borders. Fishing in the river dividing AZ &amp; Baja where you could walk across. We never locked anything until outsiders killed the Bracero Program then !
@CarolynEast2 @RepJayapal @CatoInstitute Perhaps we need to build 4 walls around trump somewhere like Atlanta.
@CarolynEast2 @RepJayapal @CatoInstitute I lived it. I grew up on the western end of that 1954 mile long border. My mom's cousin's husband was the chief narc along that section of the border. He was full of stories at family gatherings about his latest escapade.
@davidfrum That's like a truthful person saying "I'm lying."
@RepJayapal @CatoInstitute Congress Woman here's Customs &amp; Border Protections own numbers realting to the number and type of criminals apprehended along the southern border over the last 3 years https://t.co/Ny2OsZvD7C
@theeyefollows @MSNBC I mean trump needs no trashers.
These numbers may rise a bit. The fiscal year ended Sept 30. These numbers were compiled on Oct 23rd. The numbers for illegal entry or re-entry were probably unnaturally driven up by the trump administration forcing potentially valid asylum seekers away from ports of entry.
@theeyefollows @MSNBC he actually does a better job of than any dem can do.
@JoeNBC That's what you get when you put someone who only finished military prep school in charge of regular fully professional military. An incompetent wannabe.
@MSNBC Then by calling for it he mocked the idea of unity.
@AnnaKendrick47 If America can honestly be said to have a diva, meant in the best possible way, it is Diana Ross. I cannot imagine that there is anyone in this country and around the world who can honestly claim to know about western music/entertainment/icons and not know who Diana Ross is!
They are playing into trump's lying hands.
Why does the news media say there were 21,000 criminals caught crossing the border last year. According to Customs &amp; Border Protections own numbers there 7,780 total. Of those 909 would qualify as violent. 3,637 of them were guilty of the misdemeanor of illegal entry or re-entry.
@bubbagump324 @amyklobuchar She reminds me of my 8th grade English teacher. Seemingly easy going but don't cross her.  I mean that was 53 years ago &amp; when someone talks to me I see sentence diagrams over their heads like the word bubbles in a cartoon. Ask kavenaugh?
@DrDenaGrayson @lauferlaw @realDonaldTrump @GOP The shrinking refund for most middle Americans is going to make AOC look like their hero.
@JRubinBlogger After El Paso, I think we should make donnie hold his next border rally in the middle of the Cabeza Prieta Wildlife National Refuge @ 1:00 PM in the afternoon in the middle of July. Hace calor joven
@JRubinBlogger The thing that sealed the deal for me to vote 4 Senator Klobuchar regardless of whether she is on my ballot here in California or not. How she handled kavenaugh's adolescent rudeness about drinking. You could see his wilting before your eyes. Watch out donnie.
It is as if the writers of the original series had trump  in mind as self important empathy-less villain all along.
In the original Star Trek Series - Episode "The Squire of Gothos"  William Campbell as the character of Trelane takes the Enterprises bridge crew prisoner and begins playing game w/ them. He is childish, vain, mean, sexist, bigoted, cruel &amp; in reality a child of his race. It is.
@RickPetree I think Gavin D is what Hitchcock would call the McGuffin. The pseudo plot while a whole crew of ex spooks do the deep digging. Bezos may end up with the DNA and very private measurements all family members of trumps, pecker, &amp; the crown prince.
@RickPetree AMI is aiding someone who killed one of his people. Bezos will wait to see what the Sovereign District fo New York does, then I bet if they don't he will. Didn't get to be the richest man in the world by letting this kind of stuff go. mr pecker better keep an I on his pecker.
@yashar @DanielBShapiro Make them home school their kids
@ColMorrisDavis @realDonaldTrump Send him to his room @ Guantanamo.
@renee3147 I think we need to divest all the trumps of everything, including the clothes on their backs b4 then impeach.
@LindseyGrahamSC master graham, I grew up down there. How many beds for violent offenders should we have according th CPB numbers there were 2,885 persons apprehended with convictions for violent or quasi-violent crimes in 2018. You gonna bring in the folk from Guantanamo? Huh?
Criminal Alien Statistics - FY2018 https://t.co/eTY7xvmJXb via @cbp
@Kokomothegreat @riotwomennn I think she would make a superb President BTW!
@TheDemCoalition @joncoopertweets Ok. How long do these Johnnie &amp; Joanie-Come-Latelies intend to stand there. Illegal immigration is down. Where we they when it was on the rise of even at it's peak.  suspect like many of UFW's pickets they aren't from there. &amp; don't really comprende bastante UFW just cause BTW
@PatrickRandall @Juliarmstrong4 @realDonaldTrump Why r u being so circumspect. Please say what you mean. But don't give his mongrels an excuse to ban you.
@RickPetree Once the turds are out of wh I think we need to see where the breaking point is. &amp; as I understand it Venezula's oik is full if sulfur &amp; we may have the only refineries in the western hemisphere equipped to handle it. Whoever ends up on top make them "an offer they can't refuse."
@JoyceWhiteVance Just an indication of dedication. I think Senator Klobuchar would make an outstanding President. I also think Mr. O'Rourke would make a fine #2. Now to quote Captain Picard we need to: "Make So!"
@TwitterMoments I'm with you Sir. Keep up the good work!
@jilevin Miss Cross is being complimentary. She is giving them 50% too much credit. No witted more accurate.
@oringordon @operasingerBB @CNNPolitics @jaketapper He's no Tim Russert that's for damn sure. https://t.co/8C6RH4bAVf
@RickPetree Would $20/barrel for 18 month break their bank?
@WrathOfKhan2016 @Realnatalee1 @realDonaldTrump If his recent "negotiations" are any indication. Doesn't demonstrate any skills needed to be a good businessman.Plain spoken Cynthia Oxney suggested he couldn't even negotiate his way out of  a bath tub. I tend to agree.
@soledadobrien @joncoopertweets And Mr. Hume's price keeps dropping. It's gone below $2.00.
@mkraju If he did wrong we need to get rid of him and find someone we can work with.
@siano2020 If she's lucky she'll have a bookie joint named after her.
@TravisAllen02 You probably have more people in agreement with what you're saying than he does when he uses the claim that many many people agree whatever nonsense or criminality he's spewing. Your's has one element his never does, it makes sense.
@siano2020 Yeah, Jimmie Cater's mother serving int eh Peace Corps. Betty Ford being such an public and ongoing advocate for people with substance abuse problems, like her alcohol problems, there's a world renowned clinic here in California with her name on it. What r u doing mrs trump? huh?
Congressman Hakeem Jeffries asked acting attorney general whitaker where he came from. I can tell the Congressman. From under a rock just like all the trumps and their cabal. Not the same rock but all cabinet members, vice president, and the rest from under each's rock.
@MaxBoot @murphymike Then you'd better home school them.
@JoyceWhiteVance If it turns out to be the Saudis they picked on someone who not only knows marketing. But I'm sure if h wants can destroy the crown prince's image and leave no finger prints. But it Pecker breached his agreement with feds lo siento mucho. Pobrecito.
@forrestbrakeman @CREWcrew Do you think the Chinese will make her a few orange jumpsuits under her label b4 they cancel her rights agreements.
B4 all that I bought my own copy of "Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House". So I had somewhat of a guide. The original  house was poorly rapidly built in the mid 60's. Maliciously, amateurish, and somewhat criminally remodeled in between. I like their enthusiasm but . . .
@asymmetricinfo From 2004 to 2009 I hired 2 different General Contractors, 3 Interior Designers, 2 Electricians, 2 different architects, painters,  insulation contractors, tile setters, 1 plumber,pool contractor, fence contractor, drywall contractor. 110 pairs of hands.
@JoyceWhiteVance @real_farmacist Where's Harry Houdini when you need him?
@stonecold2050 Golum
That's not to say he didn't have a human side. Even Nimoy's Spock - half Human. My CO ran a halfway house for recovering addicts when he go out. Ran a Lobbying org trying to get Congress to keep their promises to Vets. Just that like him Dems in Cong need to keep their powder dry
Amy’s Making A Big Announcement: Amy’s Making A Big Announcement: Attend her big event in Minneapolis on February 10! https://t.co/LdMWvyHC2y via @amyklobuchar
@BillKristol "Till Birnam wood remove to Dunsinane" Sounds to me like the forest cometh.
@BillKristol if it ain't broke don't fix it.
@BillKristol I think this scummy bunch picked on the wrong celeb and probably gave the Sovereign District of New York a new toy. https://t.co/kLhz7kJ1Ay
He seldom smiled. Seldom frowned. I encountered him in Okinawa. He was on the Recon Base. Next time saw him Ted Koppel. Had a star on his lapel. I believe he area commander the Horn of Africa when Back Hawk went down gave him his 1st star anyway. Supposedly fm MN. I think Vulcan.
Along the lines of whether you dems in House Committees expecting to question trump slime can keep your cool.. I was a part of a platoon of late 20's newly commissioned Marine 2nd Lts. at the Basic School. I heard my platoon commander raise his voice once in 6 months. He seldom
trump slime will have been sent to detention for a reason. Treat them as the preadolescent future juvie resident they are. Be polite. Be civil. Be firm. This is a poker game you can win.
I think if the dem members of the house committees who are anticipating questioning trump slime in hearings. They should watch Senator Klobuchar's questioning of brett kavenaugh duing his confirmation hearings. Don't take the bait. Don't respond. They hve been called to detention
Old joke: scorpion begs frog 2 ferry him across stream Frog says no you'll just sting me &amp; kill us both. Scorpion promises not to.. Frog relents. Begin swimming scorpion across stream. Scorpion stings frog. Kills him Frog ask :whY?" Scorpion "it's my nature" scorpion=david pecker
@RepBarbaraLee Congresswoman, I do not mean to minimize the the long road people of color still have to travel, but I believe that if there exists any excuse for someone to seriously discriminate against another we have work to do. Race, creed, color, sex, sexual orientation, age, anything.
@JoeBarri I'm a former Republican and I think Eisenhower, Nixon, &amp; Landon would at least consider being Blue Dogs. As for how far the country is out of kilter to the right. You couldn't be more correct.
@SenFeinstein @joncoopertweets We didn't expect anything less. Did we? Has a supreme court justice ever been removed? Perjury or rape?
@NightlyPolitics I think he needs to get their stock price, if they have one, driven into the fire sale region 1st. Then he could argue that Anti-trust laws don't really apply since what Fox practices isn't really journalism.
@riotwomennn @amyklobuchar During the kavenaugh hearing kavenaugh got all full of his bullying self when he responded to Senator Klobuchar about drinking, her one stern look popped that toy balloon. Too nice. I don't think you understand.
@riotwomennn @amyklobuchar In the movie "The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance" there were 3 movie heroes. Jimmie Stewart, Lee Marvin, &amp; John Wayne. 2 of whom were real war heroes. Not John Wayne.Stewart combat bomber pilot. Marvin Combat Marine.
@riotwomennn @amyklobuchar I used 2 work at Macy's. 1 day a tall more muscular than lanky guy wearing a leather hat strolled in. "If you were in the military wearing a indoors ud have to buy us all a drink." "If i was still I would." What branch?" Navy Seals. He seemed quite nice Jimmy Stewart/Gary Cooper
@SenatorCollins @StevenTDennis Lady anything you say that is mildly against trumps agenda is not worth the wet rice paper it's printed on.
Forbes is largely a faceless group. FaCeless yes, Fangless - NO!
"That's ok we'll just redirect the freighter headed this way with next month's grain shipment." And that grain shipment was about 80% of the food for that country for the next month. That company ended up with a long term exclusive. the club of world wide billionaires outside of
that he was going to give his nephew sole control over who would be providing that grain and how much they would pay for it. I don't remember whether it was Loius-Dreyfus or Bunge. But their rep simply smiled &amp; said "That's ok we'll just redirect the freighter headed this way
if you threaten one billionaire do you threaten them all. Several years ago the ruler of a country in south central Africa suggested to the local representative of the major international grain merchant that provided his country with their food that he was going to give his
Apparently the saudi crown preince may be involved in this attempted extortion of Mr. Bezos. I would suggest that he chill out. The realities of the world are probably more unknowably tangible than you might imagine. I suspect that if you threaten one billionaire do you threaten
https://t.co/whVmSbyQM5
And my girlfriend at the time who didn't understand what was meant by "saloon singer" got us tickets way in the back. So I got to watch her enchant at least 4 generations of audience. Terry asked of George could sing. "Not a note."
@Rbrbndgrl The best saloon singer I ever had the good fortune to see live was George Clooney's aunt, Rose, Terry Gross "Fresh Air" taping @ Herbst Theater in SF.  By then she was almost as large as the Steinway she was leaning against. But man could she sell a story.
@CommonSense316 I don't think he's smart enough to be sweating. He has no clue how insidious the man who built the modern FBI's tentacles are. And far they reach into the basic fabric of society.  He makes Alex Karas's Mongo look like Richard Feynman.
@girlsreallyrule @B_Sputnik I think he just  opened the door to a 'lying to congress charge" from Mueller. The man has sources mater whitaker.  Cue the theme from "Bad Boys"
@thehill Facts are inconvenient to these cretins.
@mkraju He may not have any evidence of it but if there is any Mueller will find it.
@djrothkopf @NormOrnstein I prefer to believe their combined stupidity is simply more like a fishing sinker to the bottom of the nearest body of water. Perhaps the tidal basin and will only like skulls filled with predigested plant and animal matter will devoid will sink without raising a ripple.
@TheRynheart I bet this is grounds for perjury and prison.
@JRubinBlogger @woodruffbets Continuing this line he may end up in jail. We can hope.
@marykbruce @GMA I am not a dem but and I have my differences with the Speaker, but she is right. One of the many jobs of the House of Representatives si to act as a check on the Executive Branch. If trump has done nothing wrong he has nothing to fear. The republicans are wimps.
@kenolin1 @AOC How old was Bill Gates when he dropped out of Harvard to go back an work on computer with his friend Paul Allen? Ever look up his SAT scores. I don't think he ever took a prep class. Age is normally not determinate. If you re passionate about something &amp; have a knack for it . . .
@tribelaw @AOC i am in the same boat as you Professor. The lady may one day be Speaker or President. I kind of see her as the advance party. But a lot of what she is advocating despite Schultz &amp; the reprobate repubs is a return to the things that saved us before and made us exceptional if we r.
Meaning how a message is conveyed is as important as the message itself. Seldom is the most efficient, as an Engineer would say "elegant". solution is not the one implemented. Normally, it is the one most people can understand and make use of.  You gotta walk b4 you can run.
I found a solution our records people could embrace. I let them sell it to themselves. I did not force feed it to them. 1964 a Canadian Communications Professor published a book on the media. It's most famous catch phrase was "The Medium is the Message." Meaning how a message is
a former records boss for a fortune 100 company the guys on the floor had someone to talk to about what they needed. I have an award from the logistical boss of World Savings for employee fo the quarter because I found a solution our records people could embrace easily. I let
Since I had worked in warehouses and understood the mindset I did not confront him pr act like I had the answer. I simply asked for time to look into it. When we found a software company run by a former records boss for a fortune 100 company the guys on the floor had someone to
I remember when I was working for World Savings in downtown Oakland, CA. I was asked to look into computerizing the records warehouse Imaging was in its infancy and bar codes were just coming in. The warehouse manager was not bi on change. He wanted to know why we needed 2 change
When LBJ passed voting rights legislation he temporarily had a large majority in both houses. In order to get universal health care to become as insidious as the financial life lines people have today and don't consider them socialism we are going to sneak it into their lives.
I still think in order to get where he and her like minded souls hey may need to follow Sherrod Brown and Amy Klobuchar's more incremental leads. As master todd mentioned FDR had a large majority in congress. When LBJ passed voting rights legislation he temporarily had a large
you are going to have to reprogram a large chunk of the lower reaches of society who wouldn't be surviving without our FDR w/o our FDR roots and who hate the federal government and think what they are receiving is no socialism but their god given rights. I still think in order to
Just watched a part fo AOC's interview with Chuck Todd where she mentioned that she thinks "we need to get back to our FDR roots." Well, in order to do that you are going to have to reprogram a large chunk of the lower reaches of society who wouldn't be surviving without our FDR
@woodruffbets @swin24 Mr. Nadler subpoena the slime.
@_Almaqah @nhannahjones And master falwell it would seem your family's on race have not changed since they settled in the there.
@_Almaqah @nhannahjones Pardon me my friends of color, but master falwell saying these things is like the pot calling the kettle black.
@murphymike I realize that romper room trump is incapable of understanding multifaceted relationships. But nearly every successful equilibrium seeking activity we have engaged in since 1919 has involved numerous other countries. Like for instance our realtionship with Vietnam and Japan.
@JRubinBlogger Sounds to me like all 3 of the dems at the top of the food chain in VA need to go.
I would like to apologize to my followers for being off the air for a while I violated the twitter rules. I am am back for the foreseeable future. donnie trump is not the only person in government who needs to find another job or place to live.
@_youhadonejob1 @RealChrisCotts Still smarter than trump and his minions.
@backyardsage @highbrow_nobrow They simply didn't care that list of incarcerated individuals should include both the shelter managers and owners. Who were probably giving trump a kick back.
@backyardsage @highbrow_nobrow I believe everyone up the chain of command including secretary nielsen &amp; donald trump should be sharing that cell with him for as long as they live or 9 years whichever is longer. Without their clearly criminal intent and action he would never have had access to those kids.
@cameron_easley @sahilkapur He's right about this being about them as a party. But going in his direction will do more to doom it than help.
@Kokomothegreat Badger or weasel genes?
As far as any republicans calling for ralph northam to resign. If you have not already called for trump to resign due his racist comments and behavior, you have no standing to express an opinion in the matter. Put a sock in it!
As to whether Ralph Northam should. Whether that is him or not is irrelevant. If he wore it before that is just as insensitive and his failure to apologize years ago means he cannot be an effective governor of all of Virginia.
@_allymaldonado BTW continued exciting and positive adventures!
@_allymaldonado Congratulations! To all of you!!!!!!!!!
@ABC I'm not there but I'm with them.,
You bet!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11 https://t.co/iV0eSauQcb
@DearAuntCrabby @fallspark49 @realDonaldTrump @staceyabrams You bet!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
Of course it might also be wild boor( not misspelled - OED - a rough and ill mannered person)
And where does he get his animal renderings rub? Poacher Central?
@BrennanCenter @backyardsage Yeah, but I'll bet the ones actually working to improve things weren;t the wort offenders to begin with. Perhaps we should just secede those automatically.
@ZerlinaMaxwell They can always mutiny and follow the Golden State Warriors lead. Or is it true the NBA is more enlightened. Compared to the NFL that not a very high bar.
Wart hog or weasel? https://t.co/pEhIrEzoZn
@RalstonReports @BresPolitico How is this His fault?
@prime_bee The Twilight Zone without Rod Serling. That's kinda like alcohol free Jack Black ins't it?
@joncoopertweets @realDonaldTrump He is almost the best argument I have ever seen against just that.
@BresPolitico Hope it stays that way. There is a supreme being. And she is probably not  a super  bowl fan.
@ShannonSharpe @slater_rose Clearly Donna Summer wasn't talking about trump- She Works Hard for the Money	https://t.co/DbMvSGQLTC
@NPR And I believe he was the Chairman of the Democratic Caucus in DC(2013-2015) b4 Jerry Brown convinced him to come back to California.
@JessicaHuseman Maybe we should all follow your lead?!
@amvetsupport I am post Vietnam 76-79. But it was still not fashionable. Did not get spit on like some. Thank you for your service!
@fenrir_71 @bjcreigh I guess this means they haven't lobotomized Randle Patrick McMurphy yet. https://t.co/0c4RT1W1Hc
@funder When we get set to impeach, Include mitch. trump can only be this sadistic w mitch blessing his sadism. And make no mistake that is exactly what this is. As far as he's probably concerned the government workers he's grinding his boot on are simply stand-ins 4 who he really hate.
@RepBarbaraLee @joncoopertweets @SpeakerPelosi My question: What % of society pays much attention to his personal attacks. It has to dawn on any sane civilized human that the sender is a small, mean, insecure, bully grasping at straws to try to influence people. If more than say 25% of people listen they r as unfit as he is.
Union Maid AKA I' m Stickin to the Union	https://t.co/eVORv1qQYN https://t.co/i2ZlY1NBwt
@jamieson @Robillard Here's to Unions. Pete Seeger	https://t.co/6cmsjCfBbk
@ellievan65 @cali_toad He's no Bill Gates. And I doubt that Gates would have hired him. I think one the reasons Gates took a shine to Melinda. BRAINY!
@common @debbiesideris Thank you, Sir!
@EdKrassen The genes of some dead animal no doubt.
@MichaelSteele @ava Japanese Interment was simply a new wrinkle on and old prejudice. There are a series of buildings here on Angel Island, in San Francisco Bay that are a testament to the Interment of Asians especially Chinese for decades. Until we need the Nationalist Chinese to help defeat Japan.
@MichaelSteele @ava the Negro still had, for the most part, their skin color to overcome. Somewhat similarly Asian Immigrants, especially here on the west coast were forbidden many of the same things the Negro was forbidden as a result of the Chinese Exclusion acts. Japanese Internment was simply a
@MichaelSteele @ava Mr. Steele, I'm white as far as I know. The branch of my family that fled violence in Sonora to Arizona Territory has never settled whether we have any Native American blood. But unlike my Italian &amp; Irish ancestors who after a generation or two lost their accent the Negro still
@ms_intexas @TheRickWilson The supposed reason for sending all 3 into the same theater of combat. Not a declared war. One of the reasons the Sullivan Rule never became law The defense dept. was against. It was the premise of Saving Private Ryan. He was the last of the Ryan Brothers still alive.
@DearAuntCrabby @David76583783 And why does he keep hiring them? The idea that he doesn't know runs counter to his insistence that he is smart and a great businessman. Ok donnie which is it? If you didn't know you are a shit businessman.
@margbrennan @KThomasDC @realDonaldTrump @FaceTheNation @CBSNews Or better yet a parole hearing in a few years.
@margbrennan @KThomasDC @realDonaldTrump @FaceTheNation @CBSNews This is one ex-Jarhead who doesn't need to hear trump 4 any reason any forum. Except maybe a bail hearing,
@ms_intexas @TheRickWilson What I understand: Oldest came home w/ mortar fragment in his leg; 2nd captured and assassinated by Viet Cong; 3rd Silver Star saving CO in fire fight. Our leaders, other than George HW Bush, a rich kid who volunteered &amp; served (shot down near Chichi-jima) Didn't go into Baghdad
@ms_intexas @TheRickWilson If you've ever watched Saving Private Ryan you've seen what happened after all 5 Sullivan Brothers died when their cruiser was sunk in the Pacific. The Sullivan Rule never became law. Three of my neighbors (Native American/Hispanic/poor) served in Vietnam together. From what I
@GOPChairwoman And you folks have zero legs to stand on on this and other similar issues. Given the birth rate of angry white men repubican headed families you will soon be joining neanderthal in the vaults of anthropogists. Geico's caveman has more going for him than u do.
@ms_intexas @TheRickWilson We will leave for a myriad of reasons. 2 lead reasons r trump is owned completely by putin 7 pulling out of syria gives it to putin &amp; trump is arrogant &amp; stupid &amp; really doesn't give a sh_t about anyone's else's kids. If ivanka was going 2 have 2 walk point on our return . . .
@ms_intexas @TheRickWilson I ended up in the Marines a few years later. Fearing others would try 2 take advantage of a weakened US. I am pulling for you and your family and for the families of those who will in all likelihood have 2 go back to fix what heartless stupid trump &amp; his koolaid drinkers wrecked.
@ms_intexas @TheRickWilson Vietnam was a result of American bosses believing the rest of the world was just like the US or should be. They wouldn't help Ho Chi Minh get rid of the French. They would not accept that Uncle Ho was fighting a civil war. And only turned to the Communist because we wouldn't help
@ms_intexas @TheRickWilson It is just another disconnected indifferent person in charge whose family will never pay the for his heartless and callousness. Sorry Ma'am those are the facts. I was 18 in 1969. My draft number was far too close to my local draft board's last number for me to feel comfortable.
@thehill This ticket would encompass 2 borders. Just not the 2 most think about. No Bernie u wont be pres.
@thehill Like to see Senator Klobuchar &amp; Beto O'Rourke as VP. Neither 1 may be progressive enough for some. B4 u can enact all those progressive policies we need to control both houses of the US Legislature &amp; the wh. Need 2 convince others 2 trust/enable all to negotiate drug prices down
@JoyceWhiteVance The man probably takes allergy shots for the truth. As for that unhealthy skin color. I think it the same thing that killed Elmo Zumwalt, III. Agent Orange. We can only hope.
@thehill Senator Amy Klobuchar gets my vote whether she's on the ballot her in California or not. Nice lady, Leader, Titanium spine. Exchange with little master misogynist kavenaugh sealed it for me.
@secupp Have you read "The Most Noble Adventure? Keep up the good work!	https://t.co/JpWftjXoHj
@secupp I got out of the Marines @ month b4 u were born at the sep center @ Pendleton. Goldwater Republican then. Changed 2 independent helping Gen Clark run 4 pres. Have u read "Misquoting Jesus", "Dogs of God" , "American Gospel"? Soon 2 join Freedom from Religion Foundation
As if that particular photo is the problem &amp; not his BLATANT INSENSITIVITY and stupidity. https://t.co/XtQcfZl1kB
@secupp @VanJones68 As if that particular photo is the problem &amp;  not his BLATANT INSENSITIVITY and stupidity.
@HuffPost Wont be watching. Can't root for brady and New Orleans was robbed. NFL now has more worries than cte. Seems the owners and official have some form of dementia also.
@thehill howard I agree senator warren's tax on assets smacks of socialism and confiscation. But AOC's higher marginal rate has been done b4 and unless your lawyers and accountants make up the spiritual descendants of the gang who couldn't shoot straight you needn't worry.
@thehill And howard. If you look at the history of this country since WWII the highest marginal tax rate that AOC is suggesting was in effect for much of LBJ's career. So much for her being socialist. Eugene V Debbs was a socialist. LBJ &amp; FDR were Democrats. https://t.co/uF9Seqp4O9
@thehill To democrats out there who worry he will bleed off votes. If he is not pitching anything same as you are pitching what votes. Maybe only the fickle fools who vote for the brand their favorite shill celebrities say to vote for. But serious voters are gonna see him 4 what he is. Me
@thehill I thing winning the election in 2020, I hope, will go back to the issues. And if this fool can't get his political vehicle out of the me, me, me, me gear.. He wont even get out of the barn. Yes, some will vote 4 his manure brand alone. But do their brain stems work?
@thehill This fool/man doesn't qualify 4 Dave Barry's definition of a GUY, needs to quit being so thin skinned. Until Trump came along and decided to run as a republican because as he said, "they are the dumbest." Until trump winning election was about issue. Not russian bots.  &amp; Me me me
@thehill That is in a way THE SPIRIT of the Country. Has he never heard of the Cameron Crazies. Or any other sports fanatics. Many of them can only afford the rafters&gt; If Schultz wants to be President of the United States He needs to talk about the real issues not the "Me" issues.
@NormOrnstein Sell the Europeans all the oil they can use @ $20/bbl F.O.B. Rotterdam. See if putin can afford to get it out of the ground.
@Slate At that low level he will be putting a lot of small family businesses out of business. Like Iowa farmers. Farm land is no longer cheap anywhere in this country. This could be even more destructive to small farmers than trumps tariffs. Big firms like Cargill would benefit. DUMB
Sir, I don't think we can overstate how amazing she is! https://t.co/uij94dWeq3
I hope I spell her name right. This ex-Marine has a new hero.. Candice Payne. When the weather warms up the city of Chicago should throw her a party.
@jmartNYT @maggieNYT I think him staying could be described as using farcical unrecognition software. Get a clue dude. Anything you do And any attempt you make to be of use will be pointless. You will be the Ungovernor.
@lauferlaw @MollyMcKew @RadioFreeTom I would say that Mr. Laufer is correct as far as he goes. I believe it might further be described as the mental meanderings of a petulant, fickle 7 year old who is trying to impress his hero mr. putin.
@Quadboy9 @RepSwalwell Kinda like those people at Jonestown who shot Jackie Speier 6 times. But hopefully better. Up close when my life is on the line likely better.
@Quadboy9 @RepSwalwell For people like me and Mr. Oswald who earned a rifle marksmen's badge. That silly little square thing with circles in it a rifle is a somewhere on the body weapon.
@Quadboy9 @RepSwalwell I suppose I could say I am practicing what I preach. B4 my friend Bud died I was considering buying a left handed Model 40 and getting him to teach me to shoot it.
@StopTrump2020 @ReginaldALawso1 Probably didn't sustain any socially significant damage.
@Quadboy9 @RepSwalwell For me regulating guns and health care should strive to modify behavior. Example, w health care there was even a nominal means tested co-payment people would hopefully think b4 going to the doctor 4 something they could solve themselves. Grew up near a small town we knew the cops
@Quadboy9 @RepSwalwell The serious shot I grew up around and worked around normally only needed one or 2.
@Quadboy9 @RepSwalwell Most people who buy a gun are not planning on going into battle and as for close in. I tend to see the world slow down when the shit hits the fan. How one reacts. Important. The military conditions you to react in a certain way. Not armed so it would for me be a moot point.
@Quadboy9 @RepSwalwell Never say battle. Say plenty of hunting. I'm a terrible shot. But usually could hit the target with 4 rounds or less.
@Quadboy9 @RepSwalwell How serious my family. Dad's best friend a WWII ace. The Navy wouldn't let dad. Hay fever. Lost a 10 to 12 kill ace. Friend was Gen. Doolittle's aide @ the 8th Air Force. Every Sept. 1. Gen come 2 hunt doves. Last time in his 70's 1 box shells 12 white wing 10 doves 28 gauge auto
@Quadboy9 @RepSwalwell Well until people in general start behaving on both sides better I think we need to treat guns like cars intended to be used on the interstate and put the overall guidance in the ATF's  hand make them the coordinator.
@Quadboy9 @RepSwalwell Marine rifle marksman. Same badge Lee Harvey Oswald had, I couldn't make that shot.. Neither could he. I knew a petite freckle faced brunette from west Texas who could have shot the President &amp; Governor separately. Going down hill turning away. Not me.
@Quadboy9 @RepSwalwell My father could not abide my being left handed. And made learning to shoot torture. At 6 he was yelling about me not being allowed to qualify left handed. Hitting me and making me wear an eye patch. I developed every bad habit. I qualified w both the m16 &amp; 45ACP left handed.
@CECheeseESQ @RepSwalwell If we have to start arming teacher we have lost control of things.
@CECheeseESQ @RepSwalwell I strongly believe in properly trained, law abiding citizen rights to bear arms. And I would be among the 1st to b picketing the govt I thought that was seriously being abridged. I know a lot people who feel the same way I do who are the same as me on both sides of the issue.
@CECheeseESQ @RepSwalwell Not entirely. I don't think be we gotta start somewhere. You have to understand. I grew up in a serious hunting family. My nephew's 1st Elk is in Boone &amp; Crockett. I think more people need 2 go to Grey Lodge north of Sacramento &amp; see the massive good work done by Ducks Unlimited.
@CECheeseESQ @RepSwalwell They probably would rather contend with you than the ATF. And I'm sure the gun laws in AZ are more open than here in CA. But he doesn't want any trouble.
@CECheeseESQ @RepSwalwell True as my 8th grade civics teacher put it his rights extend to the point where they begin to infringe on mine. I right to live. There's a gun shop in the town I was born in. Sprague's Sports in Yuma. I bet if you don't seem right in the head to them you don't get to buy the gun.
@CECheeseESQ @RepSwalwell I'm sure police chiefs in Oakland, SF, and San Jose would like to see gun laws something similar to CA for everyone. Waiting periods would make catching the nut that haven't been certified and the people who are momentarily angry to calm down.
@CECheeseESQ @RepSwalwell It's not the legal folks who sell the illegal guns on the streets in Oakland, SF, &amp; San Jose. But the fact that the gun laws are easier in Nevada creates the incentive.
@CECheeseESQ @RepSwalwell think if you ask most ATF agent would they like one gun law instead 100's they'd say yeah. I used to work for a winery up in Healdsburg. I used to do the BATF reports. The liquor laws in this country used 2 be between bizarre and Byzantine. Seem to be improving. R gun laws same?
@CECheeseESQ @RepSwalwell Why do you think Bloomberg is a gun control advocate?
@CECheeseESQ @RepSwalwell I think you can ask Michael Bloomberg where most of the illegal guns that were confiscated in New York when he was mayor came from. -my guess the south. Ask the Police Chiefs of Oakland, San Jose, and San Francisco where most of the illegal guns in their cities come from - Nevada
@CECheeseESQ @RepSwalwell And while you're at it, how about too many guns from more lax jurisdictions in the wrong hands in major and minor cities. And the fact that untrained gun owners or family members or friends are more likely to die or be seriously maimed by a gun in the house?
@B_Sputnik @RWPUSA @FoxNews When I say border state in this context I refers to Mr. Mason &amp; Mr. Dixon, Not Pancho Villa.
@CECheeseESQ @RepSwalwell Ok let's hear it.
@nycsouthpaw @lirpalomina I would give the consumer a choice. Put the government program on the list of options on the improved version of the Affordable Care Act and start eliminating the choices that get less than 5% unless they specifically or more completely serve an at risk segment of the population.
@CECheeseESQ @RepSwalwell Seldom. It's like my uncle, by marriage to my mom's sister, speaking at his mother's memorial service. He said that a lot of people who thought they knew his folks always thought his dad won most of the disagreements. "They didn't stick around long enough," he laughed.
@CECheeseESQ @RepSwalwell Pyrric victory. In the words of Christina Ricci's Wednesday Addams;" Wait."
@CECheeseESQ @RepSwalwell Given how well she gets along with the big farmers in the central valley I doubt that Diane is after your rifle. Now as for your gun. As we Marines would say keep that in your pants until you really need to use it. "This my rifle this my gun one is for shootin the others for .  "
@CECheeseESQ @RepSwalwell I don't see a lot of you most vociferous gun rights people rushing to help solve the massive numbers of people killed in both mass shooting and otherwise by doing anything other than turning every elementary school into Folsom Prison with guard towers and a squad of armed guards.
@tedlieu I'd vote for giving him 4 walls. One with bars.
@RiegerReport @christinawilkie What newspaper? The Weekly Reader?
@vigoandjones @ddale8 meant to say my year on Okinawa was a motor transport and artillery officer. Got volunteered 4 the former because I grew up on a farm south of MCAS Yuma and the battalion staff hadn't done their homework. Growing up on farm south of MCAS Yuma civilian view / other = military view
@vigoandjones @ddale8 I grew up south of a Marine Corp Air Station. Spent a year on Okinawa. So I've seen it from both sides.
@RickPetree Meant to say I feel the same way @ his state of his self created disunion.
@usfsocialwork What about all those kids at the border?
@RickPetree Can't root for brady. New Orleans was robbed so not watching football game. Both qbs are from bay area. brady from San Mateo. Goff from novato. Feel the state of his disunion.
@B52Malmet Please use a real gag.
@kathrynresister A.D.D.
@PoliticusSarah @politicususa i would prefer the State AG's and the Manhattan DA dismantle trump's companies and sell of the pieces to Carlos Slim and Vicente Fox. But they probably wouldn't bite. They are both way too a good a businessmen to buy that crap.
@ddale8 My experience growing up near San Luis, Son. People come across the border. They don't want no trouble.
@ddale8 Bet El Paso has more problems with Army personnel from 1,700 sq mi Ft. Bliss than with folks from Juarez.
@christinawilkie @forrestbrakeman I dare him to demonstrate how he would drive that truck from Mexican Hwy 2 north 20 miles west of Lukeville, AZ and not get stuck.
@ddale8 Guess he's never heard of Ft. Bliss.
@joncoopertweets Mine is a week from now. Happy Birthday to us all.
@Quadboy9 @RepSwalwell Letting people do their own background checks would be like putting John Dillinger and Willie Sutton the Federal Reserve Board.
@Quadboy9 @RepSwalwell I;m a former Marine 0802.
@Quadboy9 @RepSwalwell Reasonably familiar how to kill. Guns should be regulated like cars. Pass a gun safety class get a permit to buy a gun. You might be surprised how many of us gun regulation folks be standing outside the door of any abiding gun owner standing w them if ownership was threatened.
@Quadboy9 @RepSwalwell Nobody needs a glock with a drum mag. My brother probably has more guns than Wayne LaPierre. But each one has a purpose. No one needs a 30 round magazine.  Nobody needs a bump stock. I was trained to use everything the Marines had in 1977. From .223 to Naval gunfire.
@B_Sputnik @RWPUSA @FoxNews Like the people in a particular border state who hate the government but couldn't survive w/o govt assistance that they don't consider socialism but do consider a god given right. And they the blue states where all that money they suck up every month comes from.
@B_Sputnik @RWPUSA @FoxNews You &amp; Mr. Painter are correct. And I suspect if we took what little in the way of socialism that many of the people who say they hate socialism away from them they'd scream like a stuck pig. And yes, growing up on a farm I know what that sounds like.
@Quadboy9 @RepSwalwell ok
@Quadboy9 @RepSwalwell last item true. Do you have a love affair with the AR-15 I would consider it expendable for the good of the cause. Ban Magazines bigger than a Beretta 9mm. Exception .22 cal rim fire tubular mag.
@Quadboy9 @RepSwalwell Letting someone run their own background check is a non starter. Third party only. Uniform application across state lines.
@Quadboy9 @RepSwalwell To this ex-Marine NCIS = Naval Criminal Investigative Service.
@Quadboy9 @RepSwalwell And I will say it again If you can't hit your target with 4 shot. Give the gun back to where you got it. And so far all I have heard you do is complain about my suggestions for curbing gun violence. What are your? You attitude so far is not going to be helpful to your cause.
@Quadboy9 @RepSwalwell Except if the mass shooters thought like you there would be a plethora of different weapons used. They don't.
@markknoller @POTUS I am going to momentarily suspend my personal ban on foul language. He is MORE full of shit than the proverbial Christmas Turkey. He cares not for facts. Only the improvisational reality tv script spewing from what part of his anatomy I care not to imagine.
@brianschatz Amy Klobuchar. Me born &amp; raised in SW AZ 5 miles form Baja &amp; Sonora. Live in Bay Area. Former Marine Off. She would encompass all factions and appeal to Midwestern voters of all stripes. It's not about her. Like those so far announced. Charming tough fearless smart.
@thehill I;m neither a republican or democrat. Used to be a Republican when they cared, Grew up 5 miles from border in southwestern (Goldwater country). I don't care what senator kennedy calls it none of the above. Wont work waste of money. Suggest he pile $5.7B in unmarked set it on fire
@harrygod @RickPetree They need to encompass all of the above and then some.
@MSNBC @MaddowBlog Ok, I do it&gt; To quote Chico Marx "Who you gonna believe? Me or your own two eyes?
@Quadboy9 @RepSwalwell My sheep herding boss had been in Gila Bend since mid October when I joined him @ Jan 5th. He had 78 pairs of ears. Sadly, from what his niece told me he's dead. He was a classic case of ptsd. Probably finally got him.
@Quadboy9 @RepSwalwell I don't suggest taking anyone's guns away. But common sense gun laws like common sense laws about car ownership and driving should be the norm.
@Quadboy9 @RepSwalwell he used it to kill coyotes in his bands of sheep.
@Quadboy9 @RepSwalwell It was originally designed for war. Agree about yard sales. But they don't significantly increase the availability of weapons. Before going to Quantico I worked for a Viet Vet who with his brothers had bored out a Remington .222 to handle the truckloads of military brass they had
@RonaldKlain @waltshaub Just trying to get from Mexican Hwy 2 to the border in any vehicle of any size without being detected. Dream on morons.
@jimrutenberg @maggieNYT @realDonaldTrump @AGSNYT @nytimes He should give them a reason to print "a great story just one." So far none. Don't hold your breathe.
@MaxBoot Mr Boot if you weren't glorifying any genocide you are right that credentials are no guarantee that someone is not evil. Joseph Mengele Phd Anthropologist and physician.
@riotwomennn @MSNBC @CNN People who kill abortion doctors. Tend to be mostly men. I would use the same method on them that we used to use to remove little lambs tails. Rubber bands. The tails eventually rot off. You figure it out. I don't think the cruel &amp; unusual prohibition should apply in these cases.
@RepSwalwell I only know of 1 California citizen who supposedly has a legal concealed carry permit. Our senior Senator.
@duesouthcandle @NBCNightlyNews @maggieNYT 800,000 unpaid government workers = 800,000 wages not paid for more than 1 month. And yours?
@RepSwalwell For you macho male wannabes out there the best shot with military, auto capable version, this former Marine Arty Officer ever met was a cute petite, freckle-faced, brunette female Marine Officer fm Texas who hit  28 out 30 bullseyes on the range @ Quantico. (148/150 possible)
@RickPetree I have a black baseball cap with a turkey inside the International symbol for Nothing Allowed from my service in what was then called "Operation Team Spirit" in South Korea in 1978. Huge military exercise. Multiple nations, not just US &amp; South Korea. Should continue!!
@djrothkopf @RickPetree All of these are going to cost American lives to correct.
@NBCNightlyNews @maggieNYT So that only a net loss of 496,000 jobs (-800,000+304,000 = -496,000). Was the renewal of those 800,000 worker fraudulently included in the 304,000 uptick? I mean we keep hearing that our economy, like the world economy is slowing. Ours  maybe more due to tariff wars?
@Realnatalee1 Like Reagan's Strategic Defense Initiative (Star Wars) financially destroyed the Soviet Union. Or the old joke @ the hen that laid an egg the color of anything put in front of it. Saw the NBC Peacock and died trying.
@Realnatalee1 And I think the best way to deal with russia is through the pocket book. Bankrupt https://t.co/oUwghfnmXd shots fired. Just only oil sales they can make for 5 years at below cost.
@MarkLandler @GlennKesslerWP Only if, as Edith Anne would say, "And that's the truth."	https://t.co/NRuV5Vit6D
@RepSwalwell The only exception to a ban on high capacity gun magazines I would be in favor of is the tubular one now in use on rifles chambered for a .22 caliber rim fire cartridge.
@RepSwalwell The ,223 round on which the AR-15 is based was developed to kill one mammal = humans.
@RepSwalwell We should have a national background check system modeled on California's. We should make sure anyone known to have mental or anger issues in on a national no gun list.  Waiting (cooling off) periods are a must. Guns modeled after the AR-15 needs to be taken off the market.
@RepSwalwell Congressman: I grew up 5 miles from Mexico in southern Yuma Valley. In a family of hunters. My mom was the best shot with Browning Colt 45 ACP this ex-Marine Artillery Officer ever saw. If you can't hit what you aim at with 4 shots or less give the gun back to where you bought it
@JohnJHarwood I believe Congresswoman Water's district is very well served. She is like the lady sitting outside the grocery store ringing her bell. Except Congresswoman Water's Bell is in Philadelphia and has a crack in it.
@JohnJHarwood Deion Sanders is applying the same Jekyl &amp; Hyde approach to things as Congresswoman Waters.I think they are both very bright nerds. But they understand that sometime to get people to listen you need to be a bit of a carnival barker.
@B_Sputnik @McFaul Yup and Murray I think understood Thompson and Depp just wanted to be associated with him.
@HuffPost Dream https://t.co/pdwjNYSHhW I know she's on something. Like people who wore the Swastika starting in the 1920's loved the Jews, right?
@TheMindsBIowing @tpoemsdeps I watched a Magician, I believe it was Ricky Jay, do this about 30 years ago.
@JohnJHarwood You folks in the media outside CA are finding out what we in CA have known, like, forever. Congresswoman Waters is one smart cookie. She is the right person for that chairperson's job. &amp; baby trump should not try to share the headlines w/her. Like Coolidge would say "You lose."
@B_Sputnik @McFaul Have you ever seen the movie? If not don't watch it unless you're starting a good mood.
@B_Sputnik @McFaul Bill Murray's version of "The Razor's Edge" blows the doors off Tyrone Power's version. I knew long before Lost in Translation" that Murray was a great serious actor. And who is Theresa Russell, oh god, the happy go lucky Illinois kid or the opium addicted Paris whore?
@B_Sputnik @McFaul Spiritual descendant  Admiral "Wild Bill" Donovan.
@B_Sputnik @McFaul Didn't know any of this. Wouldn't u think he would make a good subject for a modern retelling without a lot of CGI garbage. I mean adopted, high school drop out, buck private to Captain DFC,  12 confirmed kills, self made millionaire, Spy master. No brag just fact. Bradley Cooper
@B_Sputnik @McFaul https://t.co/Xpp3EoHhyR
@B_Sputnik @McFaul Mr. Zero: Are you familiar with a Canadian gentleman Named William Stephenson, AKA Intrepid.  I believe was the flesh &amp; blood inspiration for Bond, James Bond. He was British Soldier in WWI. By the time WWII was heating up He &amp; Admiral "Wild" Bill Donovan put together the OSS.
@adirado29 This does not deserve the clip from the Marx Brothers movie where both Groucho and Chico  are dressed in nightshirts but Chico is the last to leave the state room and Mrs. Rittenhouse thinks Chico is Groucho. And Chico ask: "Who you gonna believe, me or your own eyes?"
@vplus @maggieNYT Hopefully he will be the new "New Coke"
@Slate How cold has it gotten in Frankfort and how cold has it gotten in St Paul or International Falls? And where are his kids?
@RonaldKlain @waltshaub Yup, trying to cross a load that size out in the middle of the AZ desert between Nogo and Lukeville is absurd. I would suggest trying to smuggle a full-sized trump balloon in the front door of the wh would be https://t.co/eQ6hxU1L1l moving a space shuttle to is location ELay?
.
Men &amp; women leaders of both parties who did their jobs by putting country over party. People of national &amp; international stature. Not provincial parochial small weasels like mitch who see the idea of allowing everybody regardless of their likely preference to vote as a power grab
mitch mcconnell seems more concerned with being able to keep people who might vote democratic away from the pols so he can keep his post in charge in the senate. I grew up watching true leaders of the senate of both arties who valued country over party Men and women who did their
@ReginaldALawso1 &amp; Art Melber just showed a montage of Robert Mueller's past comments on the various aspects of what he knows about his business and why he is a bad guy or gals worst nightmare and how unlike the the stereotyped 74 yr old he is.  https://t.co/j864dLPld2
Can somebody please find this noble citizen and patriot a better higher paying job out of the reach of juvenile delinquent and co in the wh.  Was she a Marine b4. This ex-Marine thinks if she wasn't it was obviously the Corps' loss! https://t.co/7xF8zdpz8h
@olgaNYC1211 @lirpalomina Can somebody please find this noble citizen and patriot a better higher paying job out of the reach of juvenile delinquent and co in the wh. 	Was she a Marine b4. This ex-Marine thinks if she wasn't it was obviously the Corps' loss!
Absolutely!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 	And I'm not either a liberal or Democrat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!-&gt;-&gt;-&gt;-&gt;-&gt; https://t.co/TwlREzQoPf
Keep up the good work. https://t.co/TPHw87wEaf
@thehill How many ways can you spell JEALOUSY?
@AOC Just as major vessels have picket boats and scout vessels we need people leading us in the correct direction, even if it isn't often fast enough for them. We didn't get here overnight and we wont get back on course by next Friday either.
@AOC In the 47 years since I 1st registered to vote, this country has moved way too far to the right.The ship of state needs to be steered back onto the course our founding fathers set it on in 1789. But sharp turns seldom hold. A vessel this big needs to be nudged in that direction.
@AOC I keep hoping that Chief Justice Roberts will experience a night time visit ala Dickens from Justice Brennan's ghost and suddenly start doing things that help the common folk of his county not so much the Koch's or Schultzes.
@AOC I came of age during a time when 2 Republican Jurists were reshaping the consciousness of America in ways the current bunch of regressives and rich people's toadies would call dangerously leftist. I speak of course of Earl Warren and William Brennan.
I grew up in a family of hunters. Most things shot while was around were consumed. Then there are organizations like Duck Unlimited. Membership of hunters who spend millions improving the lives of waterfowl. Doubt you have any clue about them. Didn't think so. Turd yes.
This ex-Marine cannot think a valid reason for killing such an animal.  Are going to eat it? Doubt it! Trophy on some wall likely. How did you advance the cause of either human or animal by doing this? NOT. Puts you the company of poachers doesn't it. YUP! I grew up in a family https://t.co/imKAnqGIfE
@ReginaldALawso1 I don;t know if there is anyone else with a law degree who has some investigative experience who could come closer the being any bad guy or girl's  nightmare than Robert S. Mueller, III
@ReginaldALawso1 If any people in critical spots in those 2 organizations distrusted or disliked Mueller there a myriad of ways they could either disappear or slow walk information. And the fact that Rosenstein picked him just shows that is ain't Rosenstein's 1st rodeo at DOJ.
@ReginaldALawso1 You know what this shows? The level of respect within the DOJ &amp; FBI for Robert Mueller.
Here's a graph of the rise and fall of the Top Marginal Tax Rate over the Years https://t.co/X1ncguDcYP
Columbus day is arbitrary. Voting Day would be a tangible manifestation of why this country was founded. https://t.co/keG1WhjZiw
@DesignationSix @CherDocShare Always been Peet's guy. True story. Few years ago I was getting off the fwy in San Rafael CA behind 2 Crown Vic CHP cruisers on the eastbound side of a divided road. They drove past Starbucks. Turned left across a gas station, across the westbound lanes &amp; into Peet's. Rim Shot!
As some other poster suggested if your party is so screwed up you fear more people voting. You need to fix your party. Everybody voting is one of the things that makes us exceptional when we can achieve it..It will be a good when the dems take control in both houses &amp; wh
@mattyglesias I believe Buffett earns most of him income in the form of stock sales, which trigger a long term capital gains tax rate not ordinary income tax rate. Depending on his income he will likely pay somewhere in the range of 20%. The 70% rate being considered is for ordinary income.
@mattyglesias Yes, and I believe if you can find a repository of quotes from Warren Buffett you will find him saying something like it doesn't matter what the top tax rate is, a good deal is a good deal. Next question: What was the marginal tax rate in 1964 when he took control of the company?
@EdKrassen I would like to know if you folks think the ingraham angle is obtuse?
@krassenstein The whites only rich man's oligarchy he wishes to create is clearly modeled on the rotten model our founding fathers rebelled against. But once those kind of situations are established they usually dispose of the lackeys who helped them get there. Be careful mitch.
@krassenstein How eloquently put!!!!!!!!
@BernieDreamin @missmmmolli None of the above. And none of the declared.
@KaitMarieox You ungrateful little jerk. Without them you either walk or drive or if you have to cross water . . . swim. And while we're at it what branch of the service did you not serve in
@Initforfreedom @MitchRaney1 @TNodine2017 I remember an interview with former Michigan Congressman John Dingell where he was discussing a morning meeting he went to where there developed a row over whose religion would be the basis for the morning prayer because he volunteered to lead it and some objected to his faith.
@BarbraStreisand @ItsMeCathi Like someone running out into the bay to round up all the pretty shells because the sea has receded just before the 1st Tsunami. Unaware of what's coming. Or possibly simply too dense. https://t.co/liFJExeByg
@joshscampbell He's probably been spending more time at recess than in class his whole life.
@KFILE More proof we don't need another megalomaniac OJT president.
@AOC @adirado29 And people 2day forget it was 2 Republican on the court who moved this country farther in the right direction than any Democrats  since Earl Warren &amp; William Brennan.
@AOC @adirado29 been working on it for 47 years. Often one person at a time. We've a longer way to go than I have time left on earth. Keep up the good work Congress Woman.	Do I think you are a liberal- yes. But one of the wisest people I ever knew was an unrepentant, unreconstructed FDR Democrat
trump is lucky he's not really a mob boss and our NATO Allies aren't either. By now he'd have been found floating face down in the tidal basin.
@thedailybeast Priest is playing golf. Nun is carrying clubs. Every time he hits a bad shot he shouts Damn it missed again". They get to the 18th tee. The priest hit a bad shot. Shouts again. A bolt of lightening kills her. Rumbling deep male voice in the sky "Damn it Missed again!"
@JoyAnnReid so should it be voted on by referendum? Put in on all the state ballots. And recall anyone who tries to stop it.
@JoyAnnReid It's power grab because it would make legally clear that his grip on senate power us suspect and was achieved by likely nefarious means. If not blatantly criminal ones.
@JoyceWhiteVance We are going to need a healer ala the Mr. Ford. My choice Senator Klobuchar. Looks to me like the dems r racing toward the Dukakis/McGovern box canyon. If they do that this former Republican/former Marine/Current registered Independent will be sitting the presidenttial race out.
If you dislike California so much why don't you leave. And given your past misconduct with younger women that might improve the state. Bye.
@senatemajldr And what do you propose to do to end them. Send another batch of American service people off to die. &amp; when they come home damaged. Privatize the VA? And put them at in the hands of a bunch for profit quacks who bought you &amp; make them responsible for paying for their own care?
In fact boss mcconnell. You are no leader. What took place in GA &amp; some other place suggests to me that your claim to being in charge in the senate is questionable.
No power grab. Full voting rights 4 all is not Un-American. Is the very essence of American. Criminal conduct 2 keep people who were  legally eligible 2 vote from voting &amp; purging the voter roles of  people likely not 2 vote 4 your party that took place in Georgia is  Un-American
@StevenTDennis No power grab. Full voting rights 4 all is not Un-American. It is very essence of American. Criminal conduct 2 keep people who were  legally eligible 2 vote from voting &amp; purging the voter roles of  people likely not 2 vote 4 your party that took place in Georgia is  Un-American
@BradMossEsq No power grab. Full voting rights 4 all is not Un-American. It is the very essence of American. Criminal conduct 2 keep people who were legally eligible 2 vote from voting &amp; purging the voter roles of people likely not 2 vote 4 your party that took place in Georgia is Un-American
@MitchRaney1 @TNodine2017 Same goes for liberty university.
@davidfrum dangerous 2 generalize. I'm approaching my 7th decade. I'm white and angry at trump not 4 him. I took 1 of those quizly quizzes that supposed to be able to tell what age group I'm by what I like to eat. They said I'm a millennial.
@indianaoldsoul @TNodine2017 And we who really do love our country more than ourselves need to do whatever we can to make him act out as often as possible.  Get people to see that we'd rather have Oscar the Grouch in the wh 1st.
@nickconfessore He did it.
@ericgarland we, dems &amp; somewhat like minded Independents like me, need 2 do all we can 2 overcome gerrymandering &amp; outright criminal behavior on the part of repubs, to keep the house &amp; take the senate (sending mitch to either k street or jail) I would vote 4 the later. &amp; take the wh.
@ValaAfshar @AlibabaGroup I still think AI is a long way from achieving the kind of out of the box thinking that the Lockheed Skunk Works was able to do with the U-2 &amp; SR-71.
and if they could get their members to stick together like Pelosi so far has they didn't need any democratic votes. He can piss and moan all he wants. But all sounds like sour grapes, impotence, and jealousy to me.
And as long as these conditions persist mitch's owners/our enemies will be celebrating. As 4 the current house minority (very minor) boss. he &amp; ryan &amp;  sold mitch couldn't solve this trump created mess when they controlled both house and if they could get all their members to
I think until already bought mitch get off his ass and lets the senate vote on whatever this conference committee comes up with,which i'm sure will include no funding for a $ wasting wall, the fake president is free to behave in a manner befitting trouble making preschooler is. &amp;
Get a clue. If you want to blunt mr. schultz's run. Put forth a candidate that he and I can vote for. If you don't you wont carry the Midwestern states you need to win the wh. He and I will be moot points and you will have only yourselves to blame.
I will not be voting 4 any of yours who have declared so far. And if the person you eventually choose is another Michael Dukakis or George McGovern, no matter how much respect I had 4 Mr. McGovern, I will not be voting 4 your candidate. Get a clue if you want to blunt mr schultz
Question for the democratic party: What bothers you most about Howard Schultz's potential candidacy? I mean if what he is selling is not what you are selling? What's the problem. I am not now nor have I ever been a democrat. I will not be voting 4 any of yours who have
@dbtexas11 @Trumpet1984 So that's puts them outside texas's political bell curve. Beyond 2 standard deviations. Like some folks in other counties might say. "Yeah, they're really out there!"
@ChrisCoons I am not a member I think more nature lovers need to understand who you guys are. Would we have any migratory bird flyways without you. And your wetlands restoration work should get more positive press than it does. Like Gray Lodge here in California. https://t.co/JT6rtTgRK5
@joncoopertweets Let's start from the affordable care act end. Begin with all people and organizations represent customer/consumer/patients will be allowed to join together and negotiate drug prices down. Maybe then we will see more mcDonald's ads than drug ads on TV.
@flyaway_k He should be working in the WWE organization hype and hyperbole, not in the DOJ reserved buttoned down.
@flyaway_k Maybe he is.
@daveweigel @RonaldKlain It's a 3 letter word   EGO	Remember this is the genius who built too many starbucks and almost crashed the company
@CapehartJ John Astin &amp; Carolyn Jones were by far the best Gomez and Morticia but Christina Ricci was the best Wednesday though.
@HowardSchultz You want to seriously influence how legislation gets done and what kind of country we end up with? Don't run for pres and give the wh back to trump. Support senate and house candidates who share your views. Clearly Bloomberg, the Kochs, &amp; Steyer are smarter than u.
@HowardSchultz Also, besides being a former Republican when Howard Baker was in the Senate, I'm a former Marine. your running 4 president is simply an ego trip and will permanently place you in the same group as trump no matter what you say.
@HowardSchultz I am not now nor have I ever been a Democrat. I think you spending $ on a run for the presidency is primarily to stroke your ego. If you seriously love this country you wont run. But you love yourself more you will. BTW I'm Peet's coffee drinker. Starbucks is swill
@jdawsey1 so who do we believe delusional donald or a group of sane and sober professionals?
@jaketapper @VicBullard He's doing it for his owners, the saudi crown prince, and papa putin.
@NRCC R U FN nut!
@Slate All the more reason 4 a constitutional amendment makes a woman's right to choose, incl every female of child bearing age the law of the land. If a young girl gets pregnant &amp; has the kind of relationship with her parents I had with mine. Suicide not an abortion will be the result.
@TravisAllen02 But his case officer vladimir doesn't want him to.	Do you think he secretly has a blue blankie?	Gene Wider did	https://t.co/6VJgfEqnWY
@VictorBlackbu11 I think the SOB's been bought.	Also, I would prefer Klobuchar to Harris	Dems need the Midwest and I'm pretty sure she will play well on the coasts. And we as a country need a healer. And she may be the closest we have to Ford.
@ValaAfshar Oh, by the way Sir that was on The Marine Corps 2nd highest profile Base MCB Pendleton
@VictorBlackbu11 I wish I could believe you. But if that is the case why didn't mcconnell put the reopen the govt bills on the floor?
@ValaAfshar every brass hat from every country on planet earth comes on a "fact finding" mission. Meaning golf junket. And he had to deal with them. And I can tell you he treated everyone Defense Secretaries and buck privates with the same level of respect.
@ValaAfshar You see sir, the Colonel was Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations &amp; Training. Ans as such his office was next to the commanding general's. And during the winter the weather in southern California is delightful. So every "brass hat" from every country on planet earth comes on a
@ValaAfshar Sir: Are you familiar with Kipling's "IF". The most impressive person I ever met was a Bird Colonel I served under @ Camp Pendleton CA. He looked like Humpty Dumpty with a high and tight. But the line "Or walk with Kings- -nor lose the common touch," seemed to be his mantra. You
@dbtexas11 @Trumpet1984 How many counties are there in texas?
He says" "We've already established that. Now we're just trying to establish a price. I repeat: What was mitch's price?
What was mitch's price? There's an old joke where a man sits down beside a lady at a fancy dinner. He turns 2 her and asks: "will you sleep with me for $1M. She is very enthusiastic.  To which he replies: "Will you sleep with me for $10? She says" What do you take me 4? He says
@TravisAllen02 You'll have to ask the Earl's descendants.
@Trumpet1984 Well, if the rest of the state could become more like San Antonio &amp; Austin. But then they would probably ask: "why would we want to?" Not all of California is like Congressman Lieu's district. We also have the house minority (very minority) boss. I refuse to use the word leader.
@MSNBC @KatyTurNBC @MaddowBlog Well we know like Chauncey Gardener he likes to watch. Fortunately Peter Sellers was trying to be funny.
@Trumpet1984 Because it's texas.
@MalcolmNance @HowardSchultz @AOC Of course this not Buffett's 1st rodeo either. Not likely to get to ruffled by any of this.
@MalcolmNance @HowardSchultz @AOC I would think Elizabeth Warren's tax assets (If I understand right) should scare him more. I doubt Warren Buffett paid AOC much attention &amp; is likely not expect Warren's plan to get off the ground. I bet most of his walking around money is in the form of long term capital gains.
@RealRonHoward I'll say this again. I think anyone who wants to understand trump needs to watch your friend Andy Griffith's spellbinding turn in A Face in the Crowd. Anyone who grew on you two on tv wont believe it. But they should.
@MalcolmNance @HowardSchultz @AOC He must not have very good CPA's or tax lawyers. In what form are his holdings? Perhaps he should join Michael Douglas in Bermuda.
@SarahPalinUSA And you're not a literal loser?
@GOPLeader is that the punchline. mr. minority boss. I am neither a republican or a Democrat. I grew up much closer to the wall than u. 5 miles is close. I will be very upset if wall is not prohibited without Speaker Pelosi's express written consent. I do not trust you or trump
@realDonaldTrump Hey seaman how's the water? https://t.co/Yy9Ye5PcQe
@staceyabrams Hey, Lady knock 'em dead!
@cher Not at all, Lady! Keep doing what you do! For example. My favorite writer, Carl Hiaasen is muckraking author If you're in2 his humor he makes you laugh. Above all he makes you feel and think. Both of you should continue doing what you do. Thank you for what you've done so far.
@renato_mariotti I couldn't agree more!!!!!!!!!!!!
@KenDilanianNBC Tell him to build his next hotel in the Seychelles. Glub, glub . ..
@Cheekee996 @Sparky50732252 @KenDilanianNBC @KinmartinTori This should be on a tshirt
@zippyhorsemom @PamKeithFL When I'm trying 2 explain to someone what he's all about I tell them the lady that high school was named for Marjorie Stoneman Douglas was a hero. I often suggest one of his books that Skink is in. Or Tourist Season, If his dark sense of humor doesn't turn them off they're hooked
@zippyhorsemom @PamKeithFL I wish I could find a reprint of an essay he wrote for Sports Illustrated years ago titled "The Death of Florida Bay". I was stunned that SI would publish something like that back then. But they have become lest hard line conservative since. It was Hiaasen at his absolute best.
@kenolin1 @RandyRainbow Kate McKinnon
@swin24 Influence the way the legislation is crafted. Let the dems take the wh away from trump. But get your people in key positions to help moderate the way legislation is crafted. Make them deal. If trump stays in the wh &amp; mitch keeps his job you are no closer to your goal.
@swin24 I agree with him on several issues. However, I think the more effective way to get his message across is to spend his money the way Tom Steyer has. Getting people elected at all levels who agree with you. Especially, in the US Congress and Senate. Influence how the legislation is
@PamKeithFL If this bothers you read Carl Hiaasen's Sick Puppy. He's a muckraker in the finest tradition.
@PamKeithFL Too bad they didn't both get gored.
@tonyschwartz Nice beaches
@tonyschwartz This ex-Marine think Baron should go to Paris Island as soon as he's 17. Make it real for them all. Give him a DI who voted for Shrub but wouldn't be caught dead voting for the agent orange president.
@DavidCornDC What next? Alchemy? Flat Earth? An Earth-centric Universe?
@RWPUSA @FoxNews He will incur the aim of lots of late night marksmen and women. What was the age difference between him and the 2 women, that we know about, he tried to hush up. What about the age difference in his "marriage?"
foods. Makes no adjustments for location. In your estimation I'm Millennial. Wrong I'm a politically moderate Marinite. We do exist.
@QuizlyCo It's dangerous to assume to generalize. I have taken several of your quizzes. Some of the you missed the boat on. With navigators like you Columbus would have landed in Newfoundland. For example, I will be 68 in a couple of weeks.Your only Millennials eat these
@AndrewGillum @CNN Tell the Gentleman Congratulations!!!!!!!!
@tonyschwartz @bt4bbs Of course by then most of those folks will be trying answer the question "How long can you tread water?"
@tonyschwartz @bt4bbs Yes, but his success &amp; that of half governor palin point 2 the fact that neither of them have a corner on being intentionally ignorant. I suppose the Gateway Arch has to look like the Statue of Liberty at the end the movie "Planet of the Apes". B4 their follower will get it. Of
@MurrayCampaign How are you going to stop and keep him from getting $ 4 a useless wall?
@NBCNews is he being forced to?
@NBCNews Is he being forced to ?
@politicoalex Who's running those polls. The ghosts of Zero Mostel &amp; Gene Wilder? Maybe they should see how many 1000 % they can sell him the farce?	https://t.co/l7SXtaK06U
@JRubinBlogger EGO!!!!!!!
@MikeBloomberg @SethAbramson Mr. Bloomberg: I am a registered Independent who votes most of the time w/ dems. I used 2 b a Republican when that included people like Howard Baker. Thank you for your well thought out and well explained vote 4 unity.
@Delavegalaw Retro  song Suicide is Painless	https://t.co/mfprtTKXCH
@ToneUribe Wasn't he a pretty strong influence on Linda Ronstadt. Grew up south of Yuma.  2 U of A in the early 70's. My grandfather's father was an English Canadian Mining Engineer. His mom's family was from Italy. Had 2 flee 2 Douglas b4 mi abuelo was done w elementary school.
@LarrySabato Who people like  him? Billionaires? That alone should disqualify him. A total lack of an ability to connect beyond that mediocre cup of coffee.
@Lady_Star_Gem Wikipedia list Mr. Guerrero's birthplace as Tucson. I think it was South Tucson which is a separate incorporated city. And for a long time was the barrio. I think like Barrio Logan in San Diego it is being celebrated now.
@Lady_Star_Gem Yeah, as if the signal from Wolfman Jack's radio show only went north. As far as I know I am Gringo. But, my grandfather born in SE Sonora. Lalo Guerrero once said he tried 2 get a job in Mexico during the depression. They weren't hiring gringos already had enough local musicians
@NickRiccardi @alexburnsNYT Both of you need to live down here with us b4 you shoot your mouths off.
@NickRiccardi @alexburnsNYT Mr. Brokaw was basing his incorrect comments on being someone seeing things from the outside and using anecdotes. I grew up 5 miles from both Baja and Sonora. Most of my classmates in elementary school were Hispanic. Many of the people I come in contact with daily are Hispanic.
@NickRiccardi @alexburnsNYT Mr. Hume I am as far as I know an angry old white guy. One thing I know is that you may be white but you are most assuredly full of shit. Apparently, not enough though to change your skin color. Keep up this line of nonsense and you may get there. Mr. Brokaw was basing his
@ValaAfshar Sorry here's the TED Video Introduced by Michelle Feynman Professor Feyman's daughter 	https://t.co/gd7UCcPGDd
@ValaAfshar Anyone who wants 2 inspire a kid to pursue what they are interested in in school- have them watch this video. Esp., Professor Feynman's comments @ the end. Especially his belief that there r no exceptional people only inquisitive people who are will to work @ what interests them.
@ValaAfshar The youngest Phd on the staff of, I believe the theoretical division, at Los Alamos. I think he was 29 when he earned it. Nobel Prize. Dead way too young.
@ValaAfshar Unlike other abstract geniuses he knew how 2 explain things in basic ways. His visual aid  2explain what happened 2 Challenger another form of genius. His love of practical jokes. Like crawling through holes in the fence then walking back past the guards @ the Manhattan Project.
@ValaAfshar And he certainly knew something. I believe his lectures are still being used at Cal Tech.
@tribelaw Professor: You're being mean to real bozos.
@JuanG_Arango @Kasparov63 2 iconic military planes that were very successful would never have made it to the drawing board had Lockheed been hamstrung by computers = U-2 &amp; SR-71
@LouiseMensch @HowardSchultz Might this be something akin to Ross Perot's Giant sucking sound?
@Slate rudi's a more credible source.
@MalcolmNance @Starbucks BTW I agree with the officers in my previous story. Can't boycott someplace you never go. But I a registered Independent, think Mr. Schultz running at all would be a bad idea.
@MalcolmNance @Starbucks Mr. Nance, I think you'll appreciate this. @ 10 yrs ago rebuilding a house in San Rafael, CA. I had gone to Redwood City 4 plumbing supplies. Coming back I got off 101 behind 2 CHP B&amp;W Crown Victorias. They rolled right past Starbucks turned left across gas station &amp; into Peet's.
@nobby15 I understand. I was following a us sloop's messaging om the Tasman Sea, going from Wellington to Sydney, a few years ago when it just disappeared. That sea I think is about as wide and he mainland of the US.
@nobby15 Understand. Big place.
@nobby15 Have a great week. Bye!
@nobby15 For a while we had one of your winemakers. Daryl Groom. Used to work for Penfolds. Then he came here &amp; worked for Geyser Peak. I worked 4 J Wines, now part of Gallo, Oded, our winemaker did a 2ndary fermentation on his sparkling Shiraz. Now I see he's back your way. Groom Wines
@nobby15 My turn for a typo "here in Marin" not "her in Marin" sorry.
@nobby15 If you ever make it here head south. Their Pinot Noirs and Syrah's. Foxen Pinot The Shiraz's I've tried are more muscular than our Syrahs. Tensley - Colson Canyon Syrah. If you like your Syrahs dark Ojai Vineyards - Roll Ranch Syrah . They don't leave any moisture in the crusher.
@nobby15 We have a gelato maker her in Marin. They pride themselves on the density of their products. Their Valrhona Chocolate is about the same color as a Brunswick bowling ball and about as dense. Their Tahitian Vanilla has about the equivalent of 20 oz of Vanilla Extract in 1 pint.
@McFaul @billmaher @RealTimers Given trump's love of the use of bankruptcy laws I can't wait until the state ag's apply their own version of Chapter 7 to the trump organization- dissolution or sheriff's sales.
@nobby15 Being a bit of a wine slob and preferring to find gems not from nearby Napa, if I ever get to Australia I am going to have to go to Margaret River, especially 	Leeuwin Estate. Especially their chardonnay for those who are not into picking the oak out of their teeth.
@lonely_girl56 @PamKeithFL Didn't know that. I happen to like the place. Did make that clear. I do think they should tear down both stadiums once the warriors move and lease the ground long term to some company with prospects for being to pay and being around 4 at least 20yrs.
@nobby15 Woedsmith? what's that?
@McFaul @billmaher @RealTimers Let's see economy crashes. republicans want 2 fire sale US automakers. Obama says no. Gets legislation passed to save autoworkers jobs. Most have those jobs during his entire tenure &amp; 1st 2yrs of trump. Now some losing theirs to plant shutdowns trump Tariffs = loss of ag sales.
or declare a national emergency where there isn't one drive his poll numbers and yours down to where only his most zealous and ill informed followers are and where your normal voters are against you both. The 2nd option will likely end up in court as will the next shutdown- day1.
To republican senators who are still insisting on a wall on our southern border. If you retain this idiotic stance you are simply giving an unstable, erratic, and possibly certifiably crazy person a reason to do 1 of 2 things shut the government down again or declare a national
The man was down in Tucson watching his granddaughter graduate from Law School. Need to work harder MY ASS.
Explaining that a gentleman who had come, as Bracero, to pick cotton b the advent of mechanical harvesters, become the camp cook, then the ranch gardener b4 retirement had come to help her with her yard but had to delay his visit because he was down in Tucson watching his grand-
By May my 8th grade classmate was conversant. Had a classmate in HS who took French 4 his foreoign language req. for the U. Said he already knew ho to speak Spanish. ESL should never have happened. One time I called my mother. She didn't answer.Called me back later. Explaining
my grandfather who's father- English Canadian Mining Engineer/ mother's family  from Italy, born in SE Sonora. Driven from Mex. by violence b4 mi abuelo completed Elem. School. I had an 8th grade classmate came 2 school en Dec no hablo https://t.co/7KKnsWgauy May was
@tombrokaw Sir: I used 2 have respect 4 your opinions. But ur comments @ Hispanics needing 2 work harder 2 assimilate is another example of someone needing make sure their brain is running b4 they put their mouth in gear. I grew up 5 mi from Sonora &amp; 5 from Baja. My grandfather's
@jonathanalter @NateSilver538 Mr. Silver: What are the policies mr schultz is likely to espouse? How much $ will he spend 2 get he wants? How does his name recognition compare 2 any similarly aligned dem candidate in the key demographics that that dem candidate may need to get elected? = free advertising?
@RBReich @NathanLerner Unfortunately, the american voter has proven to have, to use an expression Robert Redford was the 1st use as far as I know when talking about someone else, "the attention span of a lightening bolt."
@joshtpm Mr. Brokaw doesn't know what the F he's talking about!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Go back to dakota and crawl in a hole.
@PamKeithFL Oakland is a city of neighborhoods. To me it makes perfectly good sense for Senator Harris to chose Oakland as the place to officially begin her campaign for the White House. Where Adam Savage &amp; Jaime Hyneman busted myths for years.
@PamKeithFL If you are lucky enough to see a show at the Art Deco palace Paramount where the organ's keyboard &amp; player rise out of the stage. Where Sidney Poitier had been attending the Black Filmmakers' awards was driven to the airport by a star struck Tom Hanks. He said he couldn't speak
@PamKeithFL Oakland is the most misunderstood, underappreciated city in the bay area.I worked down there in the 90's. 2 me SF China Town is Disneyland. Oakland Asia town is a neighborhood. You wanna see a community's love of its history visit either The Fox or Paramount Theaters. Boy Howdy.
"Peter Magowan" Just like the ballpark at the east end of Mission Valley in San Diego has had several names since they named it 4 sportswriter Jack Murphy. To me it will always be "The Murph". he got that stadium built. Perhaps this one should always include Magowan in its name.
@kyletblaine @SykesCharlie Even in retirement no one lays a glove on him.
@RickPetree @HowardSchultz Someone who is both Gerald &amp; Betty Ford.
@RickPetree @HowardSchultz We need someone who will be a soothing steady hand on the tiller, but steeled enough to deflate adolescent boys hormonal outbursts and heal the wounds inflicted by this runaway train.
@bubbagump324 Just like Wreck it Ralph.
@JoyceWhiteVance @HowardSchultz Maybe that's what he wants. I heard a few things in Harris's speech that weren't 1st person singular. But I believe she still think in the 1st person as do all the other declared candidates. My vote on the ballot or not Senator Klobuchar.
@ProudResister NONE OF THE ABOVE
@RickPetree @HowardSchultz Especially after this incompetent criminal enterprise. We need someone who is skilled in the nuances of government2 put the thing back 2gether. Gene Gene made a machine. Joe Joe made it go. Art Art . . . After these gas works we need someone to rebuild what has been dismantled.
@RickPetree @HowardSchultz i agree. Even if your business is larger and more complex than trumplandia
@peterbakernyt @maggieNYT How many millions did that cost?
@RickPetree What has taken you so long.
@RBReich My 1 yr @ McGeorge. Property Class I said in this richest country in history person should be entitled to a roof over their heads they were willing to work 4 it. I was Repub/ex-Marine. Was called bleeding heart liberal by classmates who prob had never worked a day in their lives.
@riotwomennn If Senator Klobuchar's name is not on the ballot in California, I will write it in.
@krassenstein Let's send his adult kids to jail 1st. Dismantle his businesses. Depriving putin of that laundered money, 2nd. Then impeach the Motherf _ _ k _ r.
@adirado29 @foxandfriends @tedcruz Oh, Fox and Friends" same difference, huh?
@adirado29 @foxandfriends @tedcruz donnie : where'd you get those numbers? Off a piece of toilet paper you had just used?
@Trumpet1984 I don'. Can't root for brady. An New Orleans was robbed. Probably watching same :What On Earth" reruns for 30th time.
@GOPChairwoman @realDonaldTrump Maybe your theme song should be "Brother Can You Spare a Dime"	https://t.co/L1GVDTVtoU
@GOPChairwoman @realDonaldTrump And your republican buddies wanted to close GM and other American car companies, sell off the assets, and put 1,000's of American people out of work.
@GOPChairwoman @realDonaldTrump National Unemployment Rate @ 10% December 2009	National Unemployment Rate @   4.7% in December 2016	National Unemployment Rate @   3.9% in December 2018	Obama lowered it                5.3%    .7+% per year (5.3%/7 yrs)	So far trump has lowered it   .8%    .4(no plus) % per year
@mcspocky @RickPetree @riotwomennn Here's someone I wish was still alive and producing movies Burt Lancaster https://t.co/3mGP07NpbB
@mcspocky @RickPetree @riotwomennn This not a christian country. He has clearly not read the constitution lately.
@mcspocky @RickPetree @riotwomennn Seriously! I'm not joking. Although presently it may be difficult. He or Franklin Graham would make good object lessons.
@IlhanMN @politico What Mr. Twain might have to say @ all those complainers who come up short. https://t.co/gieMByVvrT
@mcspocky @RickPetree @riotwomennn Since he is engaging in political speech perhaps we should lift his non-profit tax status?
@Elise_Jordan @SykesCharlie Will the republicans on the hill concerned @ the possible precedent he a may set for future democratic administrations rebel against him?
@GovRaimondo Governor I agree with you @ the Democratic party. They are in danger of nominating a female George McGovern or Michael Dukakis. I think they should nominate someone who is a sort of political Roman Rider. Able to combine all party's wings under one banner. https://t.co/5Ohn0YtR0S
@FrankBruni He bankrolled his fellow former Marine Pete Wilson and The Governator. He's a Republican. Much richer than trump and has nice things to say about Senator Feinstein. We need people like him to come to the table.
@FrankBruni We have a land developer down in Orange County, CA who upon taking over the ranch he now owns, lowered the rent on the apts. he was about to own "because I want 2 build a community. 2 build a community you need young married couples. Young married couples can't afford that rent.
@FrankBruni They need middle of country well as coasts. They need moderate independents like me. I will not be voting 4 any of the announced. Even my senator harris. I think they need to nominate some 1 who can likely get co's like Cargill to come to the table. Senator Klobuchar has my vote.
@FrankBruni i agree with the governor. I am neither a republican or democrat. The democrats are in danger of nominating a female Michael Dukakis or George McGovern. So far I have yet to hear one of the announced dem candidates use 1st person plural. Only 1st person singular. They need
@itsJeffTiedrich You would think so, huh?
@BetteMidler Take Miller down the Mexican desert south Naco and drop him off sans cell phone. No sleeping bag, little water, no coat elev over 4k ft, no food, point him north.
@SenFeinstein @David76583783 I'm neither one. But thank you just the same Senator.
@SassyODaisy @bubbagump324 Hopefully she will be our President.
@brianschatz @B52Malmet Like Ford after Nixon
@Slate Yes, but The Speaker has to move carefully from here on out. Like hanging 10 or riding a trick water ski with no skeg or fin.
@MeghanMcCain I grew south of Yuma. In 1972 @ age 21 registered as a Republican (Sen. Kennedy not yet voting age lowered/am no longer 1) in time 4 Howard Baker 2 ask "What did the President know &amp; when did he know?" No 1 in this party that calls itself that got the Cajones 4 that
@GOPChairwoman @realDonaldTrump Give Me 40 &amp; I'll Turn This Rig Around by The Willis Brothers	https://t.co/wV6gJDnFCZ
@GOPChairwoman @realDonaldTrump If one understands economics &amp; clearly don't, your graphic is an advertisement 4 Obama. Not trump. Obama inherited those #'s from Shrub &amp; handed a booming economy 2 trump. Economies as large &amp; lumbering as ours is is not a Keurig coffee packet it is a supertanker. Turns slowly.
@djrothkopf @Delavegalaw Amoeba having only one cell and no hint of reasoning powers are smarter than trump.
@realDonaldTrump https://t.co/i3GRzGoWMr
@flyaway_k Her-maphrodite
@realDonaldTrump https://t.co/Gcgsj4WnmU
@Slate Clearly they don't know history very well. It was this kind of government our found fathers rebelled against. This is a non-denominational country. I would expect Justice Roberts to concur unless he wants to render his 9 judges irrelevant.
@lauferlaw That kind if strategy would get him an exit wound in his chest if he were in a leadership? position in combat.
@mitchellvii That kind if strategy would get him an exit wound in his chest if he were in a leadership? position in combat.
@EdKrassen I think he's on Jackie Speier's list of usual suspects. Russian asset in US?
@kyletblaine @SykesCharlie Everybody was calling Bill Clinton "Slick Willie" when he was running for President and so on. They clearly needed to get out more. This Mr. Brown, Jerry was Mayor of Oakland when Willie was Mayor of San Fran, generally would make Clinton seem like Velcro Bill by comparison.
@TeaPainUSA R U fn kidding. All that we know including how much of an insecure control freak he is. Has to have been been up to his eyebrows in it.
@Kimber_Lee_Lynn @jmartNYT @SykesCharlie @ddkochel @alexburnsNYT @maggieNYT I  don't think trump at the top of his game would have beat Obama. And being married to who he's married doesn't hurt Barrack either. A true partner. Not an arm charm. Look who is the more popular of the 2. And that is no accident.
@Kimber_Lee_Lynn @jmartNYT @SykesCharlie @ddkochel @alexburnsNYT @maggieNYT Obama won because using his community organizer background, that lots of republican hopefuls and pundits denigrated, he established strong and insidious ground armies in all the necessary states. And not just the blue ones. As Tip O'Neill said: "All politics is local."
@Kimber_Lee_Lynn @jmartNYT @SykesCharlie @ddkochel @alexburnsNYT @maggieNYT Only if the person running comes off as a credible conservative who can connect with the average republican voter. Bloomberg is apparently taken . . .so? Suggestions?
Park a series of geosynchronous satellites over the border. Make them infra red capable so they can track people at night. Set up the command post on Ft. Bliss near El Paso, TX.  There's your wall. Like an electronic fence you can put around your yard to keep your pets in.
@joncoopertweets If coulter would do her homework she would see that a wall except near population centers is a waste of money. And she bills herself as a fiscal conservative. Park a series of geosynchronous satellites over the border. Make them infra red capable so they can track people at night
@jmartNYT @SykesCharlie @ddkochel @alexburnsNYT @maggieNYT If the Koch's or some other stalwart real billionaire with the true Bona Fides within the republican party were to run their own national primary &amp; general election 3rd party campaign, ala Ross Perot, trump's wing of the republican party may become the numerical 3rd party.
@murphymike That would require a plan not a trump version of Tourette's syndrome presidency.
that only makes sense Mr Schiff !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Hostage taking is wrong whether is in Iran or Africa or the USA. https://t.co/6ZReamdoa7
@joncoopertweets I'm sure that expression is not how palin wants to be remembered.
@NFUDC Have we yet figured out why so many hives are collapsing?
@MichaelSteele @MattDolanGTP My classmate was the exception. Unfortunately, still would be. So sure of himself he took French as his foreign language requirement for college "because I already know how to speak Spanish."
@MichaelSteele @MattDolanGTP If we made it our #1 goal as it should be we would need a lot fewer H1-B visas. I graduated from high school 50 years ago this May. One of my classmates son of tractor foreman @ local ranch. Father had likely a Bracero. #4 in a class of over 300. Architecture degree @ Univ of AZ.
@MichaelSteele @MattDolanGTP Why doesn't there seem to be so little will our voters to work harder to make every school the equal of the best 1s. The students you featured just like the ones Jaime Escalante nurtured in Elay proved that given the chance many who would otherwise be ignored can do great things.
@SykesCharlie Is it too early to change the President's theme music to this?	https://t.co/QZZU6DJJM0
@SykesCharlie Unlike Pinocchio there are strings on all these puppets. Unfortunately they don't have noses that grow when they lie.
@JoyceWhiteVance Hopefully, the caravan that blindly follows him is shrinking rapidly.
@ReginaldALawso1 i would prefer that they all go to a different medium security https://t.co/NDPYDuCytb different parts of the US. Like donnie sr in Atlanta.
I'm trying to come up with an entertainment icon for what we experienced recently with Pelosi and trump:Bugs Bunny = Nancy Pelosi; Daffy Duck = mitch mcconnell; Elmer Fudd = donnie trump "Rabbit Seasoning"https://t.co/MfTxCxssyY
I find it insulting &amp; regressive so many people, women too, use the term "bitch" when woman or girl is able to handle herself and often defeat the opponent, man or woman. I prefer to think of Speaker Pelosi as a boxer who knows the playing field and she just happens to be a lady.
@mockumatrix @adirado29 @docrocktex26 @MrDane1982 @mgranville1 @CHURCHLADY320 Of course she could. @ an hour later a Lincoln Mark IV rolled into the yard.Grandma come to get her grand daughter. After a nice conversation grandma and grand daughter rolled out of the yard. He turned to me and said:"I can remember when Grandma was that age."
@mockumatrix @adirado29 @docrocktex26 @MrDane1982 @mgranville1 @CHURCHLADY320 He had an old redwood barn behind his house where he had installed a manila rope with a 1 foot square piece of plywood for local kids to use as a swing. I was there 1 day when one of them came to ask if she could swing in the barn.
@ABC As someone who grew up in their southwest corner I hope they can.
@mockumatrix @adirado29 @docrocktex26 @MrDane1982 @mgranville1 @CHURCHLADY320 I will be 68 in a few weeks. A wise person I once knew who died just short of his 100th birthday once said: " You have to get older but you don't have to get old."
@GregCowboys @adirado29 My link 2 Dallas Cowboys is tenuous. In 4 years in high school in Yuma, AZ (Kofa High) our football team had one winning season. 1969. My Senior Year. One of the teams we beat miraculously was Mesa Westwood High School. The next year they beat us 100-6 Quarterback Danny White.
@GregCowboys @adirado29 Does your header mean you like me would like to see the Senator from Minnesota in the WH? And is there actually a place for us in the civilian world. I mean ex-Marine who want to see donnie brought to heel?
@RepPressley Glad someone is at least trying to look out for our service workers. The last few years I had to depend on two menial hourly store sales jobs I feel a kinship w/ them. My financial situation improved. I no longer have to live worrying if I will get a cold. Thank You.
@tribelaw @CarlosLozadaWP I think the best approach would be 4 the state AG &amp; Manhattan DA to send jr, eric, ivanka, &amp; jared to jail for 5+ each. Dismantle his empire. Then let dad decide what he wants to do. ould be much more personally destructive for him. Less political.
@amyklobuchar @RickPetree Never considered myself liberal. Sure there are federal workers who thru no fault of their own took losses on investments they had planned to use for kids college or retirement. Or paid % on short term loans (usually higher %) that they would have never taken out otherwise.
@EliStokols Not a bad idea.
@RWPUSA The lawmakers they should be listening to are people like Will Hurd. 800 miles of the border in his district and a voice of reason on the subject. And he's a Texas republican.
@StephenKing @AlJean Neither woman is very big. I am pretty sure they know each other. But we have just seen what skill talent confidence and  a little Italian ancestry are capable of. I can't wait for act II of this comic opera.
@StephenKing @AlJean Mr. King there's an upscale Italian restaurant in Sacramento and if Biba is maintaining her edge &amp; I would be surprised if she felt she couldn't that it would still be open. If you are ever in the neighborhood give it a try. But do not try ordering mint Jelly for your lamb shank.
@Elise_Jordan Not to worry. That bunch could probably make a case for being spiritual descendants of the original Baker Street Irregulars. https://t.co/iG7XRH18U8
@EliStokols Monty Hall would have nothing on her. And they probably knew each other.
@EliStokols Yes, but it is the Evil Empire wannabees misfortune that this manifestation of Yoda sometimes wears a skirt. And this one learned how to use the force on the streets of Baltimore, not San Fran.
@SykesCharlie Worse than that.
@Elise_Jordan I remember where I was when JFK was shot. I remember LBJ's battles for civil rights. I faced a draft when I graduated from high school class of '69. I vaguely remember Mr. Sam. And I have watched a lot of people hold that office. Other than Rayburn she's it.
@Elise_Jordan Just as LBJ, the most legislatively effective President in my lifetime,  regarded Sam Rayburn as a mentor, I'm sure there are lots of people in DC who feel the same way about her. And other than the man LBJ called "Mr. Sam", she is the most effective legislator since him.
@ddlovato yup
@TheOneBM yup
@IlhanMN I think this child in a man's body has granite between his ears.
@c_cauterucci @Lawrence Nixon. And despite actually being a crook he went on to be of service to his country on quieter ways.
@Elise_Jordan But it helps to be right on the facts as well. And no I am not a Democrat. And yes I have my difference with the Speaker. People who are the best at what they do are often not the most popular person in the room. She listens. He doesn't. She negotiates. He has no clue there.
@crystalflipz He deserves a lot of credit and support. Makes me think 1 of my heroes. An actor, Princeton Architecture Degree earner, Oscar winner, aviator, combat veteran, &amp; otherwise soft spoken doer, James Maitland Stewart. Don't look much alike but they both answered the call when needed.
@AnnCoulter This ex-Marine would like to know how somebody with no military service has the nerve to call a combat veteran, George H. W. Bush, a wimp?
@BobCusack Mr. Cusack: I am a former Republican from when Howard Baker was in the Senate. A former Marine 0802. Now registered Independent. I grew up in southern Yuma Valley, AZ. 5 miles of both Baja &amp; Sonora. I know not about other Independents. But this one wants no Wall!
@SykesCharlie Birnam Wood is closing in on the castle.
@MalcolmNance Sir: Do you have any Scottish Ancestors named Malcolm?
@kaylatausche @senatemajldr @Kj_Sloan Leader? Who i she referring to? Surely not mcconnell.  graham was in the military albeit Air Force JAG. Maybe they use a different dictionary than we Marines? But please. Let's drop the farcical titles here.
@JoyceWhiteVance No the epicenter of this crisis is the per-adolescent nut job @1600 Pennsylvania Ave. in DC. For the time being perhaps we should change the name of the street to Transylvania.
@brianklaas Who's not being noted are the Air Traffic Controllers who serve not airports but who person the regional radar centers that guide the planes: commercial &amp; private between airports. That's where the real Cluster F _ _ ks could occur.
@TravisAllen02 Whose line is it anyway?
@SafetyPinDaily @ReginaldALawso1 Hey guys you're visiting the wrong Obama. Michelle is not only better looking. But growing up with an older brother who was a future Div-1 Scholarship Basketball player, she probably the better player and I'll bet in reality her elbow are a lot sharper.A LOT!!!!!!!
@mkraju @ckmarie Laughable for mitch to call himself a leader. Not even a Pfc. Maybe a 2nd Louie. At least the Pfc was promoted once.
@elechner1 @RickPetree @lrozen And trump probably considers him expendable
@elechner1 @RickPetree @lrozen The link is Harve Presnell singing "They Call the Wind Mariah" Man he was handsome
@elechner1 @RickPetree @lrozen Whitaker may be unfit for the office he holds and he may not be a sailor but I'm sure he can feel a shift in the wind. We who've lived on the left coast for years are quite familiar with Madame Speaker. https://t.co/0m1keJXZF7
@EdKrassen On the subject of which Obama is the better ball player. You wanna compare notes Reggie Miller says his sister Cheryl Miller was the better ball player and Lisa Leslie said she was by far the toughest coach she ever had. https://t.co/qHA1vDUyGJ
@EdKrassen Curry &amp; Kerr wouldn't have showed up anyway. They should be meeting with Michelle&gt; Ill bet she's the better ball handler. Her brother was a scholarship Div-1 player. Bet her elbows are sharper too.
@JRubinBlogger His cabinet secretary's and advisers cold callous cluelessness will also be primers for future presidents not to hire.
@JRubinBlogger I think not only the fact that she made him blink, but also her clearly more empathetic demeanor and humane handling of her responses will go down as example of how it's done and where the cracks began to appear.
@waltshaub @RickPetree I don't think Melania needs to kill herself but if the State AG's and the Manhattan DA do their jobs she may have only Motel 6 left to live in. Maybe Tom Bodett will leave light on for her.
@waltshaub @RickPetree Since we don't have Birnam Wood to cut camouflage branches from maybe the tree along the Rock Creek Parkway? I wonder if Mueller was born like Macbeth's vanquisher?
@AmhBoo @BeverlyJCampbe1 @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @DonaldJTrumpJr @senatemajldr and brings the head of the traitor to Malcolm who declares  peace and is  crowned king.
@AmhBoo @BeverlyJCampbe1 @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @DonaldJTrumpJr @senatemajldr listening  doctor. She kills herself as the final battle commences. Macduff challenges Macbeth who, on learning his adversary is the  child of a Ceasarian birth, realises he is doomed. Macduff  triumphs
@AmhBoo @BeverlyJCampbe1 @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @DonaldJTrumpJr @senatemajldr he is told that Birnam Wood is moving towards him. The situation is  that Malcolm’s army is carrying branches from the forest as camouflage  for their assault on the castle. Meanwhile Lady Macbeth, paralysed with guilt, walks in her sleep and gives away her secrets to a
@AmhBoo @BeverlyJCampbe1 @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @DonaldJTrumpJr @senatemajldr The Forest continue to close in around the castle. 	From No Sweat Shakespeare - Plot of Macbeth	Macbeth seeks out the witches and learns from them that he will be safe until Birnam Wood comes to his castle, Dunsinane. Macbeth feels safe in his remote castle at Dunsinane until he
@waltshaub @RickPetree Don't think Mueller Investigation will be a wrap by March 1, 2019 la de da, de duh, la da de da de, la de da de duh
@ReginaldALawso1 I would settle for 3 named trump (not donnie sr yet) &amp; a trump-in-law
TOTALLY AGREE https://t.co/S2OS1pPKuV
@noplaceforsheep @Kim_AussieGirl AGREE
@kyledcheney @adirado29 Sonny&amp; Cher = The Beat Goes On	https://t.co/qrYXstWnYa
@markknoller Yeah walls and wheels. I bet the characters in the comic strip B.C. know more than he does. https://t.co/fcyek7BCkj
@CBPArizona @joncoopertweets Clearly it was something other than the wall that caught them. Sensors? Drones? Clearly not the wall.
@JohnWDean @joncoopertweets Nancy is not a fixed thing, Like George S, Patton, Jr. she knows that "fixed fortifications are testaments to man's stupidity." Stationary people r 2 easy 2 hit. She will likely continue to follow Muhammad Ali's lead. "Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee."
@CapehartJ @TheLastWord @Lawrence For the other workers who have had to take out a loan and pay interest that they would not have had to do had trump not shut down the government? Or others that have had to liquidate asset or sell thing that were near and dear to them is there any way to help make them whole?
@CapehartJ @TheLastWord @Lawrence For the contract hourly workers, is there anyway we can find out how many hours they worked, for example, during this same period last year and pay them for that?
@CapehartJ @TheLastWord @Lawrence I don't think trump or his supporters understand what deferring to Speaker Pelosi has done to his image. Especially, his self image. He looked like a little kid who had finally been allowed out of detention.
@DavidAFrench You go kid. I will be 68 in a couple of weeks. Congratulations. Enjoy the next 50.
@DavidAFrench David: I don't think I'll match her my grandmother last time I talked 2 her face 2 face had just organized &amp; run her 100th birthday party. One complaint. Was beating women half her age &amp; getting bored. &amp; possibly why she made it that far. Was sanely referring to herself as a girl
@SenDuckworth @DeptofDefense I developed every bad habit &amp; tick imaginable. Went on to qualify with a 45 &amp; an M16 left handed. But two women were the best pistol and rifle shots I ever met. My mom w/45 group size small grapefruit @25 yds. Petite Texas brunette 148 out of 150 w M16 @ Basic School rifle range.
@SenDuckworth @DeptofDefense Senator when I was 5 or 6 and my father who was "teaching?" to shoot and had been in the Navy in WWII couldn't abide my being left handed. So he hit me, or yelled at me or made me wear an eye patch. Saying "They won't let you qualify left handed in the military. So of course
@kylegriffin1 Why doesn't he just give em the money.
@riotwomennn There used to be a very popular short order house in Yuma, named "Wimpy's chili Bowl"
@TheBeatWithAri @tonyschwartz Biba is a very attractive lady. Very Italian. Probably a Grandmother. Probably knows more about the Mafia than donnie and would have cut him off at the knees. https://t.co/kRAJYvuQ9d
@TheBeatWithAri @tonyschwartz One evening, in that very upscale Italian restaurant, I made the mistake of asking 4 some mint jelly 4 my lamb shank. The waitress who was taller than Janet Reno &amp; more formidable looked at me and smiled. "Not in Biba's restaurant you don't." she said. Biba is a very attractive
@TheBeatWithAri @tonyschwartz Pelosi's an Italian Grandmother what do you expect. There's a lady over in Sacramento who's been running her own self named restaurant for 30+ years that I know of. I bet they know each other. Biba is about 5'3" or 4". One time years ago I made the mistake of asking 4 some mint
@wcsucculentlady @TheBeatWithAri @ColMorrisDavis @7am What time in the morning is trumps 1st erroneous tweet on average? What time was Obama's 1st call out of the private residence? Wanna make a guess on either one. I'll also guess that Reagan was up before both of them. These guys r city kids. Dutch was a country boy.
@kaitlancollins Open the government. Promise in writing that there will be no more shutdown because of your petulant 7 year old temper tantrums punish people who don't have a dog in your losing fight. donnie NEWS FLASH YOU'RE NO GETTING A WALL!!!!!
@Dr_Cat_Dr @lirpalomina They would probably put him where he belongs. Lord of the Flies?
@builtbydoozers @AdamKippes @DaceDolores @20committee No he was too much of a hands on type. His only civilian management experience of than being gov of Georgia was running the family's peanut business. Small businessman like trump.
@Dr_Cat_Dr @lirpalomina Maybe the secretary should go live in a homeless shelter until DC's weather starts getting muggy around May. I don't think he's doing one but those richer than him any good.
@builtbydoozers @AdamKippes @DaceDolores @20committee My guess the only certifiable genius to be President was Lincoln. Then in order of raw intellect Carter. Then Clinton.
@builtbydoozers @AdamKippes @DaceDolores @20committee And I don't think to this day he can Nuclear. It Nukier.
@builtbydoozers @AdamKippes @DaceDolores @20committee He did. After the war. I think his degree was in Nuclear Engineering. And I think he was one of Admiral Rickover's proteges.
@SenDuckworth @SenBobCasey @SenFeinstein By that time that jumpsuit should probably be able to stand on its own.
@SenDuckworth @SenBobCasey @SenFeinstein Colonel: I think secretary Nielsen should be made to live in one of those cages. Give her an orange jumpsuit. No fresh  clothes. Put W.O.P. in foot high letters on the front of it. When the last kid is reunited with their folks she can leave. And that includes the ones they lost.
@Dr_Cat_Dr @lirpalomina As I've said b4, I think the legislation to make them whole should include reimbursement without additional cost, for any expense such as unplanned for loses or interest expenses brought on by the shut down.
@AdamKippes @builtbydoozers @DaceDolores @20committee According to Wikipedia Mr. Carter was at the Naval Academy when the war ended. I second the question. How so?
@builtbydoozers @20committee Billy Mills the only American to ever win the 10k in the Olympics. I believe Mr. Mills was a Marine at the time and also is a Lakota. Runs a foundation working to help Native kids keep their chins up and achieve.
@builtbydoozers @20committee I bet none of the people you mention would have been standing there smirking.There's a gentleman here in Marin as a Marine Recon enlisted he kidnapped NVAs &amp; Viet Congs from their camps. A runner he recently got a call from another former Marine - Billy Mills Only American
@CodeWisdom @RobertJohnson3 Sounds like something I heard once about "teaching them to fish."
@susanengel14 Comparing to a comic genius like Curly your dishonoring Curly's memory.
@mkraju Maybe we should strap him to a chair and make him watch it for a couple of hours. Or maybe the oil company related air pollution in his district is impacting his ability to think and remember.
@SethAbramson He did at West Point and in the Armored unit he served in. Unless the Army is less prepared than we Marines?
@ChuckySchumer Perhaps we should freeze all of master ross's financial assets. Take his "smart"? phone away. Change the locks on all his homes and vehicles and offices. Buy hims a suitcase at goodwill along with 2 suits point him at the nearest homeless shelter and wish him luck
@mkraju master m: The low point in history was your republican majority in both houses being toothless when it came to dealing with trump.
1st one is who trump thinks he is. 2nd one is who he really is.	Charlie Rich "MoHair Sam  https://t.co/k42ccTaUg1	The Coasters - Charlie Brown https://t.co/xGoD18mp4j
@OhNoSheTwitnt @VicBullard I think this might be closer? https://t.co/lIBMvpz5EB
@susanengel14 I think in trumps case it would be a used Big Mac wrapper. IHOP may be to high brow.
@NBCNews As flawed as ICE is we need it to fill a role. It needs an IG inspection and a serious renovation. But we can't afford to throw it out right now.
@MadSciKat @RonaldKlain The Colonel would make a great CO of America and partner in NATO. Maybe even more of a pain to putin given her 1st hand combat experience.
@politico They shouldn't have to do either. They should be getting paid. How about we freeze all his assets and cancel all his credit card and change the locks on all his car and homes.
@hgmac6 @RonaldKlain Feinstein live in posh SF neighborhood but gets along with big central valley farms and, according to Forbes, the richest land developer in US. Also named Donald.
@hgmac6 @RonaldKlain Couldn't agree more. That is 1 of the reasons why if she's not on the ballot here in CA I'm writing Senator Klobuchar's name in. She'll do fine here too. 1 reason Senator Feinstein is so unbeatable. CA is not all coastal coffee bars and yoga parlors. They are similar politically.
@RonaldKlain A tale of 2 Georges: 	Custer was about "me". 	Patton was about how can I make us win.
@kylegriffin1 Hopefully for his sake his jailers wont have any large sharp knives hanging on ropes from pulleys.
@peterdaou Congressman Frank finally asked her what planet she was from.
@peterdaou I am reminded of a Barney Frank town hall during the run up the vote on the Affordable Care Act. Talking to a lady clearly not doing her own research on the subject &amp; basically said she relied on her representative 2 do the work for her. Her comments all FOX News talking points
@peterdaou A mixture of uninformed, ill informed, don't want to be really informed, and racists. Dogs in the manger. Probably some people who https://t.co/jUrXmsfB1U
@NRCC R U Fng nuts?!
@B52Malmet 1st rational thing he's done since he's been in this administration.
Makes sense to me. https://t.co/2ReDXLmI7a
@kylegriffin1 The furloughed workers shouldn't be furloughed. The only crisis is his 6 yr old boss's pouting and temper tantrum. He needs to get an orange jumpsuit. I'm sure we can arrange for jailers to provide him with stale devils food cake.
@RonaldKlain I live in CA - Bay Area. Grew up w/i a few miles of Baja &amp; Sonora. Former Repub. Former Marine. Reg. Independ. Claire McCaskill right. Whoever the dems nominate need to capture the Midwest as well as the coasts. Don't see anyone I can vote for. See female McGoverns  &amp; Dukakiss
@DoodyGiuliani1 @VicBullard @SpeakerPelosi keep drinking the Kool Aid. And borrowing expressions from the left.
@HuffPost Probably the master legislator as President of all of them during my lifetime was LBJ and he treated Sam Rayburn as if LBJ was Luke and Rayburn was Yoda. Always referring to him deferentially as "Mr. Sam."
@LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump No mr graham she hasn't gone down into the cesspool with you.
@neeratanden @DiannaBurdick She's not just a master legislator but she understands how to get under an opponent's skin. Her brief statements during the lead up to his capitulation gave him nothing to shoot at. No flesh and blood foil. He was clearly lost.
@neeratanden @DiannaBurdick I prefer to think of her as his 5th grade teacher telling in to go back to he cloak room and sit facing the corner. Incredible hulk image is something a tv junkie would understand. Making him go be by himself staring into a void away from his audience of classmates devastating.
@tribelaw But isn't that rudi's job. Get people comfortable with trump's likely most serious crimes and thereby give the republican in the senate cover for not impeaching him?
@TheRickWilson He's no Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, or James Gandolfini. When I was going to the University of Arizona a man the mob retired there as still living there, Joe Bonanno. A real life Don. When he was active in the family back in NY he probably would not have had much use for trump.
@thehill @PARISDENNARD @HillTVLive I wonder if this person has any clue who Thurgood Marshall or William O. Douglass were? Eugene McCarthy? Earl Warren or William Brennan (both Republicans), Tesla, George Bernard Shaw or Bobbie Kennedy who quoted him? Not outlandish. Necessary!
@rbdoeker @20committee If anyone in uniform or wanting to be in uniform has a problem with another person's sexual orientation and the people of non-straight self identification are in serving effectively and honorably, the people with the problem should in my opinion find another job or get over it.
@rbdoeker @20committee This ex-Marine thinks banning anyone because of just about anything other that mental illness and inability to do the job is ridiculous.  If the person is otherwise sane and capable and wants to serve they should be allowed to serve. Trans on its own should not be disqualifying.
@TheRickWilson Then they were maliciously over cooked. Clearly you either had a person cooking who didn't know what they were doing or maybe they weren't fresh. I grew up picking them from the garden next to the house. Cook em with salt pork or bacon wow.
@senatemajldr Let's 1st dispense with the title leader. Not by any measure this ex-Marine understands. I doubt that putin paid you 30 pieces of silver but we will eventually know what. Leader? not in my dictionary.
And you can look up on Forbes list which developer is richer.
@JoyAnnReid trump the mean developer who drives tenants out buildings so he can convert to luxury condos. There's a Donald down in Orange County lowered rents on buildings he was buying Irvine Ranch. Wanted to build a community &amp; young married couples couldn't afford that rent.
@maggieNYT Everyone in the media wanted to paint Pelosi into a corner when the vote 4 would be Speaker was about to happen and all those folks in her party were finding fault with her. Why is she Speaker? She is a deal maker. And like all great deal makers she's a great listener.
@AOC @susanengel14 I mean where else but CA would you find The Beach Boys, The Grateful Dead, and a global empire built around a mouse?
@AOC @susanengel14 I grew up in southwestern AZ. I have lived in Northern California more than half of my life. I have come to realize why we lead in almost every innovation category. If you have an idea that is a bit out of the box you r less likely to be told no here than anywhere else in the US.
@Delavegalaw @Mimirocah1 I think prosecutors should focusing on Eric, Ivanka, Jared, Jr. &amp; trump inc. Send the 1st 4 to jail and liquidate the later. Then when he's no longer pres. send papa to jail But focus on the other 4 1st.
@LitigateFoodie Nyet, Comrade.
@kenolin1 Gives a whole new meaning to that expression that used to be used to put women down: " A woman's place is in the House."
@ProudResister @realDonaldTrump Here's to trumps hard core followers. George Carlin in Stupid People in Large Numbers https://t.co/LddH42vYnz
So not only is trump a russian asset, but so are mcconnell, ingraham, and limbaugh.
He needs to keep mcconnell and senate republicans intimidated so that they will block any otherwise justifiable efforts by Democrats in the senate &amp; House to open government and find the truth about trumps likely criminal presidency. So not only is trump a russian asset but so
This is how I think things line up in trump world. trump needs his base to remain numerically strong enough to keep him in the presidency so he can continue to do putin's bidding. He needs to keep ingraham and limbaugh happy so they will help him keep the base in line. He needs
@tribelaw @PeteButtigieg @chrislhayes @YouTube You are assuming that enough of american voter are rational enough and skeptical enough to do their homework and vote in a rational manner. I have never, 46 years of being a registered voter, believed that.
@GOPLeader You couldn't get it up when u and mitch were in charge in both houses. This stupid shut down was little donnie's idea. You are afraid of your emotionally arrested 7 year president and he's afraid of ingraham &amp; limbaugh and none of you have any idea what you are doing,
@edokeefe @CBSNews I have my differences with the Democrats but yet to meet any of them who can't walk and chew gum at the same time. Some of them can even dribble a basketball while doing those other things. The investigations are long overdue.
@TravisAllen02 Go to your room donnie! https://t.co/8bM3TtuWqc
Escuchame Gente!. I have my differences with The Speaker. Me former Republican/former Marine. BUT ON THESE SUBJECTS: No Wall; Reopen the Government: &amp; No State of the Union in House Chamber til all those people r not only back at work &amp; PAID. &amp; made WHOLE. Go to your room donnie https://t.co/UY7PSyoEDx
And trump, knowing he can't risk losing any more of his base can't afford any of them believing Cohen. One thing Mr Lemire didn't touch on. trump may figure that regardless of who hsi attorney general is when the Mueller report comes out they will muddy or bury it.
It's one thing to read what someone said or have someone report that they said it. It is quite another to hear and see that person saying it to a government body on television. And trump, knowing he can't risk losing anymore of his base, probably doesn't want to risk any of them
Why is donald trump threatening Michael Cohen about his proposed  testimony before a democratic house committee. Because, as Johnathan  Lemire put it, basically, despite Cohen's credibility problems it's 1 thing to read what someone says or have it reported, &amp; quite another to
@beckystokes1953 @kathrynresister I think of him as jaba junior.
@PoliticusSarah @politicususa I think it is time to use the chant in his direction: "Lock him up!
@PoliticusSarah @politicususa trump is the only one I see in this mess who is acting like a crook.
@PoliticusSarah @politicususa He's the only one I've heard of who is threatening somebody like a bad gangster movie&gt; Problem as we have already seen there irrational and unstable people out there who act like want please the don by doing harm to those they perceive as hurting their hero.
@TheRickWilson Neither is unmagical unrealism.
@NBCNews @TODAYshow where's his smug expression now?
Asylum regs = or easier than out international commitments, all other standard immigration laws remain as is. No reduction or restrictions in existing immigration laws or baron and his grandparents citizenship should be voided.
Regarding immigration and Border Security what do I think would be n acceptable end result? https://t.co/64q021LeIz F-ing wall. Give them $5.7B specifically for ports of entry, tech, and more agents; path to citizenship for Dreamers, Asylum regs same or easier than our existing
Let's start with fact that this self styled great businessman is really failed business man. And he claims to be a great negotiator. Bullying and throwing temper tantrums is not negotiating.
Those of you who voted for this emotionally deficient creature you elected a 7 year old president. I believe the constitution requires that a person be at least 35 to hold the office.
And to those of you who still support him SHAME ON YOU!!!!!!!!!
Yes, we should respect the office. If the occupant does everything they can 2 disgrace the office they aren't deserving of respect. If the congressional democrats cave on the wall he will simply throw a tantrum every time he doesn;t get his way. He is not deserving of our respect
@NBCNews @susanengel14 I'd send the whole bunch of them to Marine Corrective Custody or Juvie.
@JulieMTiede I would deport all of them including trump. Just like I understand Germany did his ancestors. Perhaps we made a mistake accepting his and theirs.
@jdawsey1 This former Marine thinks he should not be allowed in the hall until he drops his wall demand and opens the government. As long as the government is shut down let him make it from trump tower moscow.
@PamKeithFL He should go connect with the gentleman he was smirking at without any media present and try to learn another's situation. Grow up. Then let the gentleman decide if they make any announcements.
Hey folks, master kavenaugh's birth certificate is wrong. His name is not bret. It brat. And so are any things that have his name on them. So from now on I don't plan to refer to hi as judge or justice. But simply brat.
Hey folks, ,master kavenaugh's birth certificate and all things with his name on them are wrong. His 1st name is not bret. It brat. From now on I plan to refer to that particular juvenile delinquent om the court not as justice kavenaugh but as brat kavvenaugh.
@JVLast @SykesCharlie I don't think the Democrats or the american  voting public, either one, is smart enough to do this. But I believe, 4 a myriad of reasons should elect Senator Amy Klobuchar President. She can play nice. Brat kavenaugh found she can reduce a juvenile delinquent to sniveling mush.
@NBCNews @NBCNightlyNews All the more reason to make all medical consumer groups able to negotiate drug prices Maybe then the pharmaceutical companies will scale back advertising expenditures.
@CharlesPPierce When are people going to realize that Planet Earth is the Real Hotel California. You can check out, but given the likely scientific advances during your lifetime, you can never leave. You'll likely die on the way to any other inhabitable world.
@CharlesPPierce Or maybe Dr. Who?
@CharlesPPierce Is it time reboot Mystery Science Theater 3000?
@thechristylove @CheriJacobus @girlsreallyrule As former Secretary of Agiculture said to newly appointed Pontiff, John Paul II: "You no playa the game you no makea the rules."
@SenFeinstein @DanielBShapiro This former Marine thinks should only b 1 question asked of anyone in uniform or who wants to be "Can you do the job." Nothing else matters. If anyone in uniform has a problem with how someone else self identifies, the person with that problem should find another line of work.
3. Asylum rules at least=International committments; 4. More judges; 5. Increased $things that work-Tech; More Patrolling agents; Beefed up Ports of Entry w/ more gateways lots more Customs personnel to man existing &amp; new ones. 5. More Diplomacy &amp; Foreign Aid in problem areas.
To the traitor in chief: I am former Republican when Howard Baker ran the Senate; Former Marine; 1st 28 yrs of my life within @ 5 miles of both Baja &amp; Sonora. 1. No Wall; 2. Permanent legal status 2 Dreamer (put them in the pipeline to Citizenship); 3. Asylum rules match
@TravisAllen02 Hey Kid! I will be 68 and couple of weeks. You go girl. Happy 60th. BTW. I have not taken as good a care of myself as she but my dad's mother organized and ran her 100th birthday party and complained about beating women half her age at Bridge. We have a target. Happy Day!
@clairecmc @hardball No harm no foul Senator. In my recent message 2 you my choice a nice lady w/ a very tough center, almost a neighbor of yours &amp; would likely be welcome in all states you mentioned. Suggest using the word "they". Will cover most all bases. Even Michael Rennie Klaatu barada nikto!
@clairecmc Senator: Was a Goldwater Republican (Yuma in 72). Once a Marine always a Marine. Live in CA. Registered Independent. Wont be voting for any of the ladies who've declared so far. My hope Senator Klobuchar wins. Those states u mentioned on Hardball I think she'd be fine
@kathrynresister There's another man ( I don't think he meets the high standards of Dave Barry's definition of a GUY) in DC who could stop it. And who is as complicit as anyone. mitch mcconnell.
@SenDuckworth Tell me something Colonel. What are you more proud of all the A's you got all through school or the F you got from the NRA?
@SenDuckworth @TrueFactsStated Absolutely Colonel!!!!
@gracenapolitano This ex-Marine Artillery Officer agrees with the congresswoman. The only question that should be asked of anyone in uniform or anyone wishing to be is: "Can you do the job?" Anybody who has a problem with having capable trans people in service need 2 find another line of work.
@cmclymer @TNodine2017 I used to have faith in ms guthrie. Maybe she should apply for Mary Hart's old Entertainment Tonight job. This not a case of seeking the truth shame on you.
@PamKeithFL @fallspark49 WHO OWNS THEM
@builtbydoozers Yes, but letters from Iwo Jima was possibly Eastwood's best movie. Fly Boys tells about George H W Bush's war.
@builtbydoozers Had an uncle. Spent WWII in the back of PT Boat beginning in the Solomons. Knew him more than 60 years. His wife sent me 2 Marines. Helped design antenna4 1st satellite. didn't tell her 4 3 week after orbiting.  Finally 1 day he decided wanted to talk @ Navy. Bar hopping San Fran
@builtbydoozers Doc Bradley. The Navy Corpsman who may or may not have raised the flag on Iwo never liked to talk about it, When he died. Family went through his things Found Navy Cross(ONLY 1 HIGHER). Earned on beach. He never mentioned it.
@rbdoeker @20committee Donnie is gone &amp; war is serious enough may be eligible. All develop bone spurs. Just as well. My experience w/ enlisted Marines, they believe in their right to bitch, If efforts 2 use chain to rid unit of 1 they deem dangerous 2 well being fails. Will use a more direct method.
@builtbydoozers It's like that movie "The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance" That hemming and hawing shop keeper was in real life anything but. Lt. Col. James Maitland Stewart. Not only flew bombing missions over Europe but led them. And that tough guy movie hero was one on the back lot.
@builtbydoozers @DaceDolores @20committee I didn't volunteer. The Executive Officer, who I think ha been an All Big Ten Offensive Tackle @ Michigan asked me: "Lt. How would you like to be the Motor Transport Officer " Notice there was no ? at the end.
Thanks Jill: Still serving you bother and sister people.  Hey Folks pass this along if you care about your Federal Workers going without pay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! https://t.co/6uRADItcYk
@builtbydoozers @DaceDolores @20committee The S-4 I served under as Motor T Off. was an aspiring doonie trump. How bad was it. The Batt. CO a rising Lt Col. was the clubs officer at Pendleton when I got back. That is not a promotion. Its sending a message.
@builtbydoozers @DaceDolores @20committee I was violunteer 4 Motor Transport Officer for a towed artillery battalion w/o the formal training for the job for 2 reasons: Battalion staff didn't do their homework and gotten a real 3502 Motor T Officer; I made mistake of mentioning farming and heavy equip on my dream sheet.
@builtbydoozers @DaceDolores @20committee I have a Masters in Business from UC Davis. Best piece of management advice I ever got was from a Marine E-7 8511 Drill Instructor at Quantico. You father probably had too many of those other types in far too dangerous situations. My boss for 7 months in Okinawa was one.
@builtbydoozers @DaceDolores @20committee That DI was doing things to those young college graduates and not telling them why. He said I may sometime do things to you that won't make sense But  I will always tell you why. And he did. He said you can get almost anyone to do almost anything if they know why. I have a
@builtbydoozers @DaceDolores @20committee Our DI spent Saturday afternoon with us. He said one of the platoons in the company was losing people hand over fist. Why? That DI was doing things to those young "college graduates" (a term he considered a worse curse word than the Fword) That DI was doing things to those
@builtbydoozers @DaceDolores @20committee I can understand how your dad had that impression. @ 7 weeks at Marine OCS when if you were doing well enough you could Drop in Request (DOR). You could not re-up if you did. Our Drill Instructor spent Saturday afternoon with us when he could have been home with his family. H
@builtbydoozers @DaceDolores @20committee from what I understand both kavenaugh and Gorsuch are products of the same educational path. My guess in WWII kavenaugh would have gotten himself a government service job. Gorsuch would have been in a Higgins Boat on Omaha Beach.
@builtbydoozers @DaceDolores @20committee None of her kids served but the Marine Officer Selection Officer she sent me to see was a classmate of a couple of them. No I was basing my speculation on a combination of place and BEHAVIOR. Doubt you or your serving friends would be caught dead doing what those kids were doing.
@builtbydoozers @DaceDolores @20committee Yeah but did any of them exhibit this kind of behavior. Doubt it. Mueller was Prep School and Decorated Marine Combat veteran. 2 me it is more how one thinks &amp; exhibits that by behavior. The children of that aunt all went through Catholic School from Kindergarten to High School
@builtbydoozers @DaceDolores @20committee My father acted it was ordained I would be in the military. No predestination 4 brother. Despite joining the Marines, post Vietnam, at the suggestion of an aunt who spent her WWII hitch as nurse in the Navy @ the San Diego Navy  Hospital, I have always been a bit of a subversive.
@builtbydoozers @DaceDolores @20committee I'm still doubtful. Had the kind of dichotomy in my family. When I was 6 my father's brutal counterproductive teaching methods when "teaching?" me (I am naturally left handed) to shoot a rifle shouting "They'll never let you qualify left handed in the military.  The Marines did.
@builtbydoozers @DaceDolores @20committee And like a previous contributor made clear there's service and there's service. Joe DiMaggio played baseball and Ted Williams actually flew missions in both WWII and Korea(where he was John Glenn's wingman).
@DaceDolores @builtbydoozers @20committee One was executed by Viet Cong; One earned Silver Star; and one spent the rest of his life with an 81mm mortar fragment in his leg because the mortal round detonated coming out of the tube. No Spielberg movie was made about saving them.
@DaceDolores @builtbydoozers @20committee So w/o the Sullivan's rule and w/o the influence to keep them out of the war the my 3 neighbor brothers ended up in Vietnam at the same time. The stories I heard were" 1 was executed by the Viet Cong; 1 earned the Silver Star saving his CO in a firefight; and one ended up with an
@DaceDolores @builtbydoozers @20committee During Vietnam, 3 of my neighbor brothers who were Native American and Hispanic and poor ended up in Vietnam at the same time because Vietnam was not a declared war so the Sullivan's Rule didn't apply. So members of the same family could serve there at the same time. So 1 was
@builtbydoozers @DaceDolores @20committee I think it is unlikely any of them see the need for someone of privilege like they probably are to be bothered. What George H. W. Bush did when he was at Yale less likely. The last war we fought that wasn't entered into by the rich so the less well off could the dying was WWII.
@20committee I did not serve during Vietnam and I agree with the distinction. However, I think the idea that any of those red hat wearing kids will serve anywhere, is at best seriously unlikely. To me that is the distinction that matters.
@riotwomennn @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenJoniErnst @SenatorFischer @SenJohnThune @SenatorBurr @SenSasse That party as an organization does not exist anymore. There are still individuals out there, But a real organization for good. NO. And think how this bodes for any talk of impeachment with the current bunch of pretenders in control in the senate. Unless he kills mitch personallly
@JoyceWhiteVance Hopefully she will get a chance to see how to manage them from prison.
@maddow @PamKeithFL Hey Rudi your boss is about as far from the 2nd coming as one can get, so the laws of this country apply to him too.
@davidmweissman I just gotten out of Marines. Individuals calling me that generally had never held a job. A friend who'd been a soldier in WWI, a teacher, a summer ranger in Tuolumne Meadows in Yosemite National Park, a school superintendent, and lifelong FDR Democrat thought I was too far right
@davidmweissman I figure my positions on things must be pretty right. In my one year in law school I was called a bleeding heart liberal for saying in this the wealthiest country in the history of mankind any person who was willing to work for it should be entitled to a roof over their heads.
@rickperlstein Taking a historical perspective Congresswoman Ocasio-Cortez's suggestion that US Federal Tax Table go up to 70% is not so radical. And I am nowhere near to being a progressive democrat	https://t.co/IesV5igN0w
@riotwomennn Don't think that will be necessary in my case- Feinstein &amp; Harris.
@andylassner @CheriJacobus And the idea that thomas is a jurist of the caliber of justice Thurgood Marshall, who was considerably more liberal than me, is so ridiculous it's insulting to any intelligent human being.
@andylassner @CheriJacobus I am not as conservative as justice Gorsuch. I am old enough to remember his mother's time in the public eye in DC. However, justices alito, thomas, &amp; especially kavenaugh in my estimation do not belong the court.
Will Hurd on CBS	https://t.co/yUZNwHGMMf
They might try to do as CBS by having Will Hurd who's district covers 800 miles of the border and who is a Texas Republican and who is not a fan of the wall.
@BillKristol Dream on
Another scene from Inherit the Wind that is still relevant. One other note. The gray haired man who is trying to teach is Spencer Tracy. Arguably the finest screen actor this country ever produced &amp; despite failing health he believed in the role https://t.co/9TktRvlUCH
This scene from a movie made in 1950 is as relevant today as it was in the 1920 when the movie was set and 1950 when it was made. Inherit the Wind Spencer Tracy &amp; Gene Kelly	https://t.co/StZxJjKgsV
@RWPUSA I feel the same way about Giuliani as Spencer Tracy's Darrow felt about Fredrick March's William Jennings Bryan in Inherit the Wind. "Once there was greatness in that man."https://t.co/StZxJjKgsV
@Luthier122 @washingtonpost They need to make better use of their pages.
@Luthier122 @washingtonpost Back in the teens, Jim Thorpe &amp; Carnegie Indian School football team went to West Point to play football. They beat them by the way. Many years later someone asked Thorpe "What kind of player was Dwight Eisenhower?" "A good blocker" That's an opinion. trump is a bully=fact.
@washingtonpost And this is news?
@riotwomennn @CovCath1 Respect is normally learned at home. If the school does not teach respect then the parents likely knew that and sent their kids there to reinforce what they were teaching them at home. Sending your kids to a catholic school is a choice made by parents.
@kylegriffin1 @Susan_Hennessey You know what's really sad. Or at least it will be when it is reveal how cheaply the republicans in both houses sold their country and constituents out. And trump will be show to have been an even cheaper bargain. Big Lots and Pick n Save have nothing on these less than $2 whores
@brianschatz Normal? Who's normal? Cue coach Mora and just change one word.
@ProudResister Twisted Sister's version - Leader of the Pack	https://t.co/FIatvVOlbI
@ProudResister Peacemaker bullshit Let's try "Leader of the Pack"	https://t.co/863Lcqh5OK
@PressSec @AprilDRyan If only I thought she believed that . . .
@murphymike i live in California. Am neither a republican or democrat and am not voting 4 her.
@MrAulnutt Where's your boat?
@DeadlineWH @GeoffRBennett @TheRevAl @NicolleDWallace In Granada, Spain is a place referred to as the Alhambra. It was built between the 6th century and 1400's. We;re still figuring it out. Been said that when ferdinand &amp; isabella rode in after driving its Moorish builders out of Spain they had no clue. Like trump understanding MLK?
@robreiner Irwin Corey would have been more effective. https://t.co/uUtqt83oU9
The basic economics my high school History teacher put us thru so we could balance our check books was enough. If he spent 5 mins listening that con artist Mr. Spock would say "Captain, that does not compute. 2 that penalizing 800K+ innocent people=crooked &amp; mean. U voted 4 this?
I cannot understand how a serious sane adult could buy in2 trumps BULLSHIT.  Didn't need Masters In Finance UC Davis earned couple decades ago 2 know it  BULLSHIT. The basic economics my high school history teacher put us thru so we could balance check books was
@cinemosity @MScottMiller59 @Real___Eric @LaurenWern The guys in the red hats r a bunch worse than lemmings. I wonder how often they have to wash the outside of their noses.
@TheBeatWithAri @ColMorrisDavis @7am Learned 2 walk fast follow him @ La Jolla when mom in the dentist's office. When you well under 5'- your dad is @ 6'5"&amp; walks fast. U have 2 choices run or learn 2 stretch it out. Took me a while to ratchet it back on the drill field @ Quantico so not step on the guy in front.
@TheBeatWithAri @ColMorrisDavis Obama is a type A. donnie is a type z-
@TheBeatWithAri @ColMorrisDavis My guess, the time shown is when Obama showed up downstairs. He was probably up and working by 6:00 AM a the latest. No matter how late he'd been working the night b4. I had a great role model on that. Dad would eat brkfst w/us @7AM but had walked @ 5 miles of fields by then.
@harrylitman Oh, if only?
@OMGno2trump @MScottMiller59 Born rich and screwed up. Sounds like the donald redux.
@NicolleDWallace @PamKeithFL @realDonaldTrump Nancy's response: "Go to your room donnie. And no dinner 4 u tonight.
@NicolleDWallace @PamKeithFL @realDonaldTrump My version: trump so frustrated @ Nancy's refusal to reward his preadolescent temper tantrums @ her clearly better command of the media that he throw another tantrum &amp; resigns implicating pence in all his criminality since declaring his candidacy effectively giving the wh to her.
@TravisAllen02 @MScottMiller59 Good question. Why doesn't one of those deranged souls focus on the NRA instead kids or newspaper people who had nothing to do with their perceived problems.
I should have asked. Where were you then? And how long have you even cared?
People who live along the border have been dealing with increases in illegal immigration and the like since 1965. When were you then?
It bugs me that the news media have yet to seriously talk to the legislators who actually serve districts that are on the US/Mexico border. And how so many people who want this stupid wall are such drugstore cowboys and johnny-come-latelys. People who live along the border have
@joncoopertweets No we don't need to do that you're doing a good enough job on your own.
@Salon If memory serves he was in Memphis to support a union.
@T_S_P_O_O_K_Y @RadioFreeTom Hey, moron. Nearly half if not more of those workers not getting paid are still working without pay. If the the TSA people got furloughed you have to walk. Probably only commercial buses. Since Amtrak is a govt agency they are probably working w/o pay.  Check ur facts
@ValaAfshar @SuperBowl @Patriots @RamsNFL Wont be watching. Not that much of a football fan 2 begin with. Likely a History Channel re-run or HSN. Can't root for Brady and New Orleans got robbed. NO &amp; KC would have been a more fun and interesting game. Go A's.
@perlmutations Klobuchar/ORourke
@RWPUSA @timesunion That beautiful music means we have an ever evolving growing and improving society. Stagnation is a death sentence. Just as Darwin. Love 2 c about 100 people of differing backgrounds all lined up in front of the wh and shouting in their native language "Go fuck yourself, donnie!"
@RWPUSA @timesunion Clearly she hasn't read Jon Mechum's "American Gospel". I grew up in southern Yuma Valley. Live in Marin County California. While I agree w/ my elementary school teachers- everyone should learn 2 be functional in American English. The diversity of languages here= beautiful music.
@RWPUSA @timesunion Sir, If a tree falls in the forest and no one is there to hear it, does it make a sound. I made up my mind about her long ago. I am hoping one of your neighbors, Senator Klobuchar gets serious one of these days. I think she would make a stellar Chief Executive of the US.
@RawStory @morgfair @VP @realDonaldTrump Clearly he and his fearless leader are taking something stronger than LSD.
@HuffPost Clearly he has a lot to learn, if he is so inclined. I'm doubtful.
@MaxBoot Given the outcome of the Rams Saints game and Pats again. I think I will be watching the Home Shopping Network while the NFL less than super bowl is going on.
@clairecmc Senator: As far as I'm concerned the Ram's victory has an asterisk next to it and for the 1st time in a long time I may be rooting for New England
And if the NFL is smart all the zebras involved in that game will be sent on an immediate all expense paid vacation to Tasmania for 6 months. I have yet to decide whether I am going to bother to watch this years less than super super toilet bowl.
I would like to see Kansas City win the AFC Title game. But whoever wins this game I want them to humiliate the rams. Given that no pass interference call play @ the end of the NFC Title game makes the Rams victory suspect like Jose Canseco's home run list. &amp; if the NFL is smart
ABSOLUTELY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! https://t.co/jLYh2p3lM7
@TravisAllen02 @DesignationSix It should get as much consideration in the house as their bills to re-open the govt got in the senate. Where is Joe Pesci when you need him to at teach mitch how to at least pretend to be a credible underboss.
@clairecmc They will get there with a blown pass interference call in the game vs New Orleans. Blind zebra there.
@Tarquin_Helmet Might they be denigrating farts?
@DaveWeasel Yes and donnie and fox r the fake news.
@merica I'm not in the party either. But these days I usually vote with the dems. But I'd be voting for Bart Simpson b4 I vote 4 either 1 of these yo-yos. My apologies to The Duncan Company. So their exchange is kinda like that tree that fell in the forest that wasn't there to hear.
@RWPUSA Emma Thompson on Larry King promoting "Primary Colors" He asked her @ Clinton's loose zipper. Remember she's old enough to remember Profumo &amp; Christine Keeler, she replied: "Larry we've known 4 Millennia that testosterone &amp; power go hand in hand what's wrong with you Americans."
@joncoopertweets @realDonaldTrump he's been polling the Philippine cabinet.
@susanengel14 I think she's a breath of fresh air.
@susanengel14 fortunately not too many people consider him a sane knowledgeable political observer. or a sane observer of much of anything else for that matter.
@joncoopertweets @realDonaldTrump I think it's the Agent Orange he uses for skin cream. But what about all the creatures who consider him a guru, Uhmmmmmm.
@davidfrum Most recent major move shows his very refined grasp of image, nuance, and business. He set aside more than half his land as open space. I live in Marin County. 1 of the reasons real estate is so expensive here. So much of it is set aside as open space. Call him environmentalist.
@yiayia1234 @robertdunlap947 @wingfoot44 And to use a phrase coined by an observant soul" "You have the attention span of a lightening bolt."
@NanaTamara21 @DesignationSix Does this mean that the rhythm method failed?
@davidfrum He calls the media when he has a use for them. He met a guy named Pete Wilson from San Diego when they were both in the Marines. He's backed Pete &amp; Arnold. And most Californian wouldn't know who he was if he introduced himself.
@davidfrum We have a guy, bet he fits Dave Barry's def., here in CA started his land develop career w/ a hammer &amp; a $10k loan. No money from papa. Forbes lists him as US's wealthiest one. One occasion wanted to do some development on the coast -called the environmental grps not his lawyers.
@NanaTamara21 @DesignationSix It would seem to me that they are by their very presence an argument in favor of birth control.
@Freedom_baybie @robertdunlap947 @wingfoot44 And while we're at it what branch of the service did you serve in and where did you get your facts?
@Freedom_baybie @robertdunlap947 @wingfoot44 This ex-Marine, MBA holder, suggests you get your facts straight. Reagan was the source of most of our national debt. And Obama faced an economy only slightly less in the tank than FDR.
@TerriLCoop @GiseleDubson @michaeloz Mr. Lomax discovers that the translator who aided in his torture was still alive and looked him up and forgave him.
@TerriLCoop @GiseleDubson @michaeloz The most stunning book I ever read about redemption was written by a former British Army Officer, Eric Lomax, who was captured &amp; tortured by the Japanese during WWII. The book Railway Man, I understand was made into a movie which I''ll have to see.
@MaxBoot And Mr. Ford's family. Hell Hollywood couldn't have come up with that bunch of doers.
@MaxBoot And Mr. Boot Mr. Ford had the stuff in his bag worthy of keeping a force of nature like Betty around. Boy Howdy!!!!
@MaxBoot Mr. Boot: I used to be a Republican. Lincoln was 1st a President they named a car after. Not the other way around. Am now an independent. Gerald R. Ford is my favorite President in my lifetime.  Ok he physically stumbled a couple of times. He was a great leader/healer.
@davidfrum His idea of negotiating is like a wannabe tying to "Make them an offer they can't refuse". Doing so without having clue one what "their" limitations are. Bullies who's bullying tactics (not strategy- that requires out of the box thinking) always seem to work never have to learn.
@CloriLaLune @GiseleDubson @mkraju @jaketapper Pic N Save
@USATODAY @Kim_AussieGirl Should we lift their nonprofit status?
@robertdunlap947 @wingfoot44 If faced with what Obama was faced with when he came into office instead to the boom Obama created he would probably closed the auto companies and sold of the pieces destroying jobs instead of creating them. Nice try.
@brycetache @marikotamaki @dirtbagg And according to Sandra O'Connor he and Wallace Stegner didn't get  along. https://t.co/mAnEM6WOUK
@brycetache @marikotamaki @dirtbagg Mr. Tache: I have a book to recommend. By a former Michigander and present Montanan. Thomas McGuane - "The Longest Silence" Collection of essays on fishing the world. You don't have to love fishing. If he handles a fly rod like he handles our language the fish have no chance.
@SenatorRomney @wingfoot44 @POTUS So much for being a check on trump. circle jerk.
@GeoffRBennett For all his supposed mastery of business still has not mastered the fact that a contract is not formed til you have both an offer ( I guess he thinks he made) &amp; that little detail- an acceptance. In the words of former Secretary of State &amp; Marine Jim Baker: "That dog don't hunt!"
@TravisAllen02 54 degrees scattered showers in SF.	57 Partly cloudy here in San Rafael	Congratulations on the new name for your airport.
@tonyschwartz It means trump who has no idea what he's talking about likes to use labels on people who don't agree with him regardless of whether they apply or not.
@NormOrnstein Mr. Ornstein. I think he should drop the title leader and call himself what he is lackey or underboss at best.
@NormOrnstein Age old question "If a tree falls in the forest and no ones there to hear it, does it make a sound?" Your bill has as much chance of life outside the senate as all the bills passed by the house to open the govt had of passing the senate. Duh?
@21ufopilots @fallspark49 @realDonaldTrump There was an expression used in both World Wars that applies to trump: "Loose lips sinks ships" 4 that we know of.
@SandraZazula Hey Sandra: Has Phoenix swallowed up Chandler yet?  Growing up south of Yuma. And going to the U of A, I can remember when the highway from I-8 to I-10 actually went through Casa Grande.
@TheWickedSound Sir, do you have any Basque ancestors?
@TheRickWilson @PamKeithFL I wonder if donnie ever sits with his back to the door?
@GeorgeTakei @morgfair And probably a lot of them came without papers.
@dandrezner @AOC I think Lilly Tomlin should be consulted.
@TheRickWilson @PamKeithFL No Rick Aces &amp; 8's.
@MSNBC @NBCOUT "If I was married to her for another 60 I still wouldn't figure her out." Why can't that happen to a gay couple?
@MSNBC @NBCOUT He stuck his thumbs in the back pockets of his Levis, hiked himself up on the counter, looked up at the ceiling with this little boy grin on his face (he was over 90 at the time) and said,"I've been married to that woman for over 60 yrs if I was mareid to her for another 60
@MSNBC @NBCOUT I used to have a couple of friends down in the Central Valley of California who would have probably agreed with my last entry. One day they were having one of their high decibel "conversations" in the kitchen when she went storming out muttering his name and "men".
@MSNBC @NBCOUT Look when 2 people love each other, care about each other, make each other's lives richer, healthier, happier, and longer what's it to the rest of us unless we care about them then all those benefits accrue to us as well. NO?
@calvinstowell @page_kistler showing their ignorance.
People think the southwestern desert is all low &amp; hot. Well, over on the California border west of the mountains - low yes. Hot - summer. 4AM tomorrow - no. Going east from Yuma rises. Nogales is 3,800 ft, Naco is 4,600 ft., Douglas, AZ 4,000 ft, El Paso 3,700 ft En la noche Brrr
@thehill compromise?
@MSNBC @NBCOUT I think the retirement home needs a new name. Friendship clearly ain't it.
For my prior comment about making this real for ingraham &amp; limbaug, we could just as easily drop those louts off 2 miles apart south of Naco, AZ (SE of Tucson) right this minute. Dress them for how they probably think the southwestern desert is low and hot. Probably hypothermia.
@OscarFactsOnly @SFAlisonLeRoy @TommyIgoe @hedoesnotcare @kharyp Oscar was a genius &amp; a very humane human being. He inspired Stephen Sondheim who wrote the lyrics for West Side Story where Rita Moreno said laughingly Jerome Robbins tried 2 kill her by dancing her to death.  Everybody wants to rave @ Richard Rodgers' music w/o Oscar just Muzak.
@OscarFactsOnly @SFAlisonLeRoy @TommyIgoe @hedoesnotcare @kharyp Everybody wants to rave @ Richard Rodgers's music. Without Oscar's lyrics it was just muzak. Inspired Stephen Sondheim who wrote the lyrics 4 all that marvelous stuff in West Side Story where Rita Moreno said Jerome Robbins tried to dance her to death. But helped her win an Oscar
@IlhanMN @IngrahamAngle You Go Lady! Boy Howdy!
@IlhanMN @IngrahamAngle And this current Californian &amp; former Arizona Desert Rat thinks one of you who fits that warm &amp; welcoming description along with a titanium spine should soon be President. She would probably make short work of mending fences w our friends and putting our enemies where they blong.
The pictures are of a natural water tank in the Tinajas Altas Mountains (High Tanks Mountains) and a wash leading into them along what the Spaniards called "El Camino Del Diablo" The highway of the Devil or the Highway of Death. Photos by George H.H. Huey
Drop each off separately at least 2 miles apart. Point north "Interstate is that way. If you're caught, you'll be deported regardless of citizenship. Sin Papeles (ICE does this or tries to) The pictures are of a natural water tank (Tinaja Alta) after a wet winter and a wash into
Way of making this real for coulter &amp; limbaugh - 15 July 2019 3:00 AM- Somewhere @ halfway between Tinajas Altas Mountains &amp; Ajo AZ. @ 2 miles north of border. Give each 1 - long sleeved shirt; 1- wide brimmed hat, sturdy pair of jeans, no com w/outside world, 1 gallon H2O. Drop https://t.co/hSV5Uotv3n
Put Dreamers and others in limbo into system like normal citizenship applicants.	Spend all you get on tech, agents, and Ports of entry.	When drug flow stops then maybe we can discuss building trump's erection. Buying a bunch of Viagra would make more sense.
With Regard to trump non-proposal - I am not a Democrat:	B4 any discussion can begin reopen the government &amp; 	MORE THAN BACK PAY MAKE ALL WORKERS FINANCIALLY WHOLE 	(including expenses and losses not otherwise incurred caused by your shutdown.)	1,500 Judges	Path to citizenship -
@MichaelSteele With Howard K. Smith (Edmund Burke) &amp; Oscar Hammerstein, II.(Old Man River - Paul Robeson' You've Got to Be Carefully Taught- John Kerr) https://t.co/662bSzhxIl
@jennycohn1 @missmmmolli One more twist Howard K. Smith who grew up white in the Jim Crow south and lived in Germany in the middle stages of Hitler's rise was desegregation advocate.
@jennycohn1 @missmmmolli In 1961 Howard K. Smith, who had personally interviewed Hitler, quoted Edmund Burke "All that's necessary for evil to triumph is for good me to do nothing," at end of a documentary he was making "Who Speaks for Birmingham" CBS founder told him 2 take it out he didn't and resigned
@SFAlisonLeRoy @TommyIgoe @hedoesnotcare @kharyp A recent reprise of a song written by a lifelong practitioner of making people look at themselves harshly - Oscar Hamerstein II - from a musical from the 1950's South Pacific https://t.co/3riUdHAeWv
@hedoesnotcare @kharyp They are who he learned this from. That's where.
@kharyp AT HOME!
If I have to choose between impeachment or some other outcome, I would prefer that Invanka, Jared, Junior, &amp; Eric all go to jail and SERVE at least 5 years, and the trump empire be reduced to total liquidation via sheriff's sales.
If what I'm hearing about what donnie is set to propose from his unnegotiations that didn't include House Democratic leaderships would simply kick all the cans down the road. I would rather the House Democratic Leadership simply tie all these cans to this mongrels tail.
And anything as pure as Ivory soap, trump would clearly consider trash. You want trash donnie? Look in the mirror.
The magnitude of whatever crisis there may be at the border is 99 &amp; 44/100% trump caused. End of story!
@Vasaponi0377 @bt4bbs These moronic kids learned this kind of disrespect from their "elders?"
@adamcbest @bt4bbs Clearly, trump and his wall hangers care not one whit about the truth or real reality even from one in his own party.
@RickPetree I didn't know all of this but when I read the response from the Special Counsel's Office I just figured that they were protecting their credibility and case and not completely denying Buzzfeed's story. Inaccurate does not equal wrong.
When General George S. Patton, Jr. said: Fixed fortifications are monuments to man's stupidity." He was talking about you dimwit donnie. 	https://t.co/YVhkPLe88o
@adamcbest @bt4bbs That'a part of Republican Congressman Will Hurd's District. Look up his opinion of a border wall.
@MSNBC @NBCOUT Reagan vs Carter 	https://t.co/mbojoDEyON
@MSNBC @NBCOUT I think Newsom is a greater threat to trump or whoever the run in 2020 than Senator Harris. Don't have much faith in trumps smarts - even he wouldn't be dumb enough to go on stage w Governor Newsom 2 debate. End up like Jimmy Carter in his debate with another California Governor
@NateSilver538 I'm no democrat. But this is no deal.
@AdamSerwer @jaketapper Are you all missing the most important question, were Hitler's skewed views a product of nature or nurture. Doesn't every baby brought into this world deserve the best world we can give them and are we really doing them any good to insist they come in no matter the circumstances.
@MSNBC @NBCOUT This is all well and good but my governor, Newsom, is probably a major reason that this is even an issue in those states. They've got a lot of catching up to do. And those who have not progressed this far. What's wrong with you.
@riotwomennn They have to get the House Democrats blessings. Doubtful?
@KellyO @realDonaldTrump @SecPompeo @DepSecDef This is clearly a cynical photo op. He cares not a whit about anyone who serves their country.
@Pagecamper1 @bt4bbs And that "everyone in the chain" includes the Homeland Security Secretary. And when he;s done residing in the wh . . . trump too.
@Pagecamper1 @bt4bbs This ex-Marine sees only one "excuse" his skin was the right color so no one would notice. I would recommend that every person in the chain who had anything to do with this travesty be tried and convicted and if not sent to prison. At least fired. How the Marines would handle it.
@KellyO @realDonaldTrump @SecPompeo @DepSecDef How long has this empathy-less sub human been president? How many flag draped caskets have returned to Dover like this during his presence in the wh? How many visits like this has he made? One
@KellyO @realDonaldTrump @SecPompeo @DepSecDef Something new for trump?
@alexkrizski @Slate Too bad her group didn't have the training of the Romans. But who won in the end?
@Slate Listen up The Forrester Sisters 	https://t.co/OKCGNoLNRT
@Slate Yup Engineer, Doctors, Software Engineers with higher security clearances than the president. Don't come to one of my family reunions expecting all the ladies to be shy, retiring wall flowers. And none of the above ladies lack femininity. They just check all the boxes folks.
@NateSilver538 Clearly donnie hasn't listened to the Republican congressman responsible for about  half the border. Will Hurd.
@JoyceWhiteVance Mueller is simply playing the pea/shell game. Facts in Buzz Feed article r likely correct. Off by mils a measure we artillery people use that r lt degrees. But by saying what they said &amp; how the said it vaguely, Let those who are unable to think in nuance believe what they want.
Can you folks help me find him and pass this on to him? Please?
@Slate Having grown up in an extended family of very attractive strong women I find nothing unusual about Congresswoman Ocasio-Cortez except for how the rest of the world seems so unable to deal with her. Hey game changers come in all shapes &amp; sizes. Deal with it! Ever hear of Boudica?
To the dad who was on Twitter saying his daughter wants to be firefighter but says his daughter looked in books- all firefighters are boys should look up the San Francisco California Fire Chief who will be retiring in the spring of 2019. Joanne Hayes-White I think she's a girl.
@ValaAfshar I had a teacher in 7th &amp; 8th grade who'd had his arm blown "clean off" by a grenade in Korea who was the most feared pitcher in the Men's Fast Pitch League in Yuma. He had a stump on one side and hitting fungoes to us - lethal. Major role model.
@HurdOnTheHill Keep trying to educate those who seem unwilling to learn. By the way I used to be a Goldwater Republican. I suspect if Barry were still alive, donnie would have a shiner that his agent orange skin cream couldn't mask.
@HurdOnTheHill You are right to suggest a Marshall Plan for the regions south of our borders sending us their poor &amp; those fleeing violence. My family started in AZ because my grandfather's family (English Canadian &amp; Italian origins) were driven from Southern Sonora by violence.
@HurdOnTheHill When I was growing up south of Yuma AZ the mighty border wall was 2 strands of barbed wire @ 30" high and we locked nothing. I live in Marin County CA now. Why are the loudest voices in favor of the wall from places that r impacted the least by immigration?
@HurdOnTheHill Congressman: You're a freak. A Republican voice of reason in a sea of loud voices with a reality tv view of how to solve problems the know next to nothing about.  I grew up south of Yuma Arizona. I worked in the cantaloupe fields the last yr of the Bracero Program.
@SenMcSallyAZ There's a New River down east in AZ? New River I speak of was caused by shoddy weirs installed near Pilot Knob by the swindlers who 1st developed the Imperial Valley. I think a flood on the Gila River in 1908 blew them out and formed the New River.https://t.co/cM752UGqj5
You wore your jeans outside your boots in case you were standing too close to a steer defecating it wouldn't go into your boots. Speculated that some people wore their jeans inside their boots ... trump jeans inside boots.
Having grown up on what was cattle ranch when I was born, I learned very early why you wore your jeans outside your boots and also learned a derogatory comment on why some people wore their jeans inside their boots. You wore your jeans outside your boots in case you were
@joemnc40 @yahoolifestyle https://t.co/Sd67GlPfkP
@benwikler @PamKeithFL How many migrant children who they took from their parents have these mean-spirited morons actually lost track of?
If melania wants to reduce the chances of being treated like a tramp. Don't act like one.
@peterbakernyt @Elise_Jordan lying is their stock and trade. Truth is not something they are familiar with.
@davidhogg111 And there's always somebody better. ALWAYS
@RWPUSA Yes , but if we can get rid of him then he will have to deal with state AG's and putin as private citizen. Pobre cito.
@ItsMeCathi She clearly likes the spotlight. We need to see if we can give her a chance to find one somewhere else. Like Moscow. And not Idaho.
@ItsMeCathi like she was undecided about kavenaugh, duh?
You need to see this
RT @TrueFactsStated: This is the art of CHUNK. Behold. https://t.co/5rwK67My3H
@B52Malmet  Used to be a runner then over stretched my Achilles warming up for a half marathon in San Diego and got out of the habit.
@B52Malmet YUP
@B52Malmet BOHICA donnie!
Clearly Blaze Starr had more class than melania does.	https://t.co/koqkNAtLMT
@CLS @adirado29 @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/koqkNAtLMT
@DarlingtonMicah https://t.co/koqkNAtLMT
@CLS @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/koqkNAtLMT
@AynRandPaulRyan https://t.co/koqkNAtLMT
@JRubinBlogger Given her broader world view she has more weapons in her arsenal. Nuance like empathy is a word he wouldn't know the meaning of.
@CLS @adirado29 @realDonaldTrump Time for her to say "Let them eat cake."
@susanengel14 @QueenPatsy @ValKHeadley @ResisterSis20 President of the Screen Actors Guild. His ability feel compassion is why he was such a devastating speaker. A Republican inside and out. But a Lincoln Republican. And personal credibility was everything to him. Thus national admission his admin was selling arms &amp; later Alzheimers
@susanengel14 @QueenPatsy @ValKHeadley @ResisterSis20 Wrote Reagan's Point du Hoc speech. Coined 1,000 points of light 4 George H W Bush. Still beautiful. Still "smarter than the average bear." Still funny. Those Fox talking heads she would reduce to tears in minutes. Doesn't try to be 20. Proud of her experiences and uses them. WOW
@susanengel14 @QueenPatsy @ValKHeadley @ResisterSis20 Wrote Reagan's Point Du Hoc speech. Coined the phrase "thousand points of light" 4 George H. W. Bush. Still beautiful. Still "smarter than the average bear." Bullshit meter still works very well. Still funny. Doesn't try to be 20. Proud of her experiences &amp; wisdom &amp; uses them.
@trendchasernews I was in college. Neighbor in dorm being a jerk. 1 day he crowed @ a date he was 2 go on that night. He went to class. I put a tiny pebble under the valve cap on 1 of his tires. The tire went flat. The gas station man unscrewed valve cap pebble fell out. No leak. Date cancelled.
@tribelaw @DorothySmith11 All who keeps predicting his demise should keep their powder dry. I'll believe it when I see it. When there r enough turn coats in the republican side of the senate on enough topics that mitch has to make the LBJ announcement, then I'll believe it. When trump loses the senate...
@susanengel14 @QueenPatsy @ValKHeadley @ResisterSis20 Maybe the ones you refer to have bought into the idea of women as hand maidens. Peggy Noona's dad was an Irish Merchant Seaman. She was born in Brooklyn. You think her dad taught her to stick up for herself. A lot of these female talking heads she'd reduce to tears in no time.
@susanengel14 @QueenPatsy @ValKHeadley @ResisterSis20 I have an example of a very prominent conservative writer, she wrote speeches for Reagan, who is possibly an exception to your screed about conservative women. Maybe it's her outrageous Irish sense of humor but Peggy Noonan is going to be 70 when the next pres elect roles around https://t.co/baym6U8QEp
@davidfrum Mr. Frum, you have probably know the Speaker for some time. Would you say she take such trips seriously. And makes serious good use of what she learns?
@PhilipRucker If you believe Rudy I can get you a great deal on 11 bridges in the SF Bay Area.
@SenMcSallyAZ I grew up south Yuma. In 1972 I registered as a Republican- Sen. Kennedy had lowered voting age 2 18 yet &amp; my senior senator some guy named Goldwater. In 1976 I reported 4 OCS in Quantico, VA. I am no longer a Rep. I live in CA. Thank U for voting 2 keep sanctions.
Keep up the good work Mr. House Majority Leader Hoyer. And keep keeping it brief and to the point.
The story goes that the Lady Astor was seated next to President Coolidge at a State dinner at the White House when she told the President: "Mister President i have a bet with friends that I can make you say more than 2 words. To which President Coolidge replied "You lose."
House Majority Leader Hoyer's brevity and succinctness in responding to trumps law breaking disclosure of Speaker Pelosi's until then secret trip to Brussels and Afghanistan almost puts him in the same category with President Calvin Coolidge. The story goes that the Lady Astor
@BrianKarem @realDonaldTrump Beyond our fighting men &amp; women's inalienable right bitch, if they find you are their lt and you don't care about them they will 1st try to use the chain of command. We saw how well that worked in the case of custer. Then will do what they have 2 to survive.
@BrianKarem I grew up at the south end of Yuma Valley. My 1st paying job- culling melons @ back of trailer beg. @ 3AM. Gets hot down there. My folks owned the farm. No child labor  me =14. Last year of the Bracero Prog. Fence was 2 strand barbed wire @ 30". We locked nothing.
@BrianKarem @realDonaldTrump Offer to open the government. Stop punishing people who don't have a dog in this fight. &amp; he expects us to think of him as leader. If he had gone to Vietnam, this kind of behavior would likely have earned him a body bag &amp; an exit wound in his solar plexus. Not from a AK-47.
Two bad ideas trump has had lately:	1. A wall at the southern border - dumb idea. Wont work waste of money	2. Partial Government shut down - mean idea - penalizing people not involved in the disagreement for your stupidity &amp; meanness. Both trump's idea. His idea of governing?
Rudy Giuliani's next denial will come from the kremlin.
@RepAdamSchiff Sir, if you characterized master trump as behaving like a 5th grader you are giving him too much credit. He has long since regressed from there. Next stop preschool
No they are not normal. https://t.co/qHjbsypjG3
Yeah where's is the lout? https://t.co/g0qNyYZfPp
@SykesCharlie I am not now nor have I ever been a liberal, A Republican yes, liberal no. I believe the Congresswoman is right. I also believe someone new owns mitch as well.
@SykesCharlie Charlie, if we accept you lame excuse of lindsey graham's flip flop that he's simply bowing to the fact that trump owns you republicans, then he should have stayed silent the 4 American deaths in Syria. As for your excuse, as Jim Baker would say," That dog don't hunt!"
@MartinHeinrich Senator, I grew up south of Yuma, AZ. I now live in the Bay Area. On my last visit 2 my favorite aunt in Thatcher AZ she decided we should go visit my cousin in Alpine. As you may know, 2 get from Thatcher to Alpine &amp; back one must go thru New Mexico. Muy Hermosa.
@MartinHeinrich Senator is there any way to set up GoFundMe accounts for these people and establish regional paymasters to redirect the potential money paid back by these people to worth causes once this version of trump's insanity has been defeated?
@joncoopertweets @TheDemCoalition Hey donald that's not a rain or snow cloud hanging over the wh it's an estrogen cloud.
@AOC @FoxNews They will. And soon he will have a tail. Not like the stunted one we all have but a live ambulatory one. Why they may even be able to report whether he went #1 or #2.
@susanengel14 @ValKHeadley @ResisterSis20 I'm not worried about her mind. I worried about her untruths being believed by others.
@ValKHeadley @ResisterSis20 @susanengel14 When misinformed people spout untruths openly, if someone doesn't correct their statements they will be emboldened. And they will follow Joseph Goebbels dictum to repeat the untruth until people believe it.
@ValKHeadley @ResisterSis20 @susanengel14 When bigots bombed a church in Alabama &amp; killed 3 little girls, Howard K Smith who was a son of the south had been called home from Germany because of his truthful dispatches @ Hitler Quoted Edmund Burke. "The only thing necessary for evil to triumph is 4 good men to do nothing."
@susanengel14 @ValKHeadley @ResisterSis20 When  was at Marine OCS in Quantico, VA my drill instructor, a combat  veteran of Vietnam, explained the thing that set the American fighting man apart from the rest of the world their belief in their inalienable  right to bitch. Speaker Pelosi encourages a free exchange of ideas
@tribelaw Can we void the lease and demand all monies taken during the term of the lease up to the day of termination of the lease. ALL THE MONEY!
@oufenix @keithboykin @riotwomennn I do too!!!!!
@KFILE Does that make him a spin doctor?
@oufenix @keithboykin @riotwomennn My experience with christianity has been: major denimination's bureaucracy = small group of mostly old men trying to tell the rest of us how to live our lives and not living up to their own words. Some individual shepherds worth following - very few
@keithboykin @riotwomennn This is why this former Marine who was raised a Methodist will not be joining any organized, so-called christian, religion any more.
@devindwyer @MalcolmNance @AOC @SpeakerPelosi @realDonaldTrump George Lucas, who lives just down the road, should send Nancy a Light Saber.
@devindwyer @MalcolmNance @AOC @SpeakerPelosi @realDonaldTrump Andi suspect she is watching everything Speaker Pelosi does to learn from someone who Yoda and Obi Wan would welcome into the fold.
@thehill Though I have my differences with her I do agree with her on this.
@byDavidGardner @joshscampbell He has taken a seat on the slippery slope. Jon Lovitz's Tommy Flanagan in the flesh.
@SykesCharlie Jon Lovitz's Tommy Flanagan's take on all this	https://t.co/hOkuCQi2at
@theintercept @NoMoreDeaths Are the prosecutors and their bosses church going souls?
@Terrismithnms @wingfoot44 @stephphilip8 @cs00582scs Yup we're the 5th largest economy in the world and growing. And what ate you do you live in one of those states that lives off of us?
@kaitlancollins Strategy?  "tactics" maybe  but "strategy" is a higher level of thinking than trump is likely capable of switch "strategy" "4 playoffs" coach Mora	https://t.co/f4WRRYYO2a
As for master trumps frustrations in dealing with Speaker Pelosi perhaps Buck Owens's I've Got a Tiger by the Tail	 https://t.co/6mFZnMXsiI
Keep the faith people. Keep resisting. Choose your spots wisely. https://t.co/ZnXQYuZH7g
Something for those republican senators who effectively voted to lift the santions on that russian oligarch https://t.co/juxO7Q0eTL
@ValKHeadley @ResisterSis20 @susanengel14 Nancy Pelosi was probably been walking precincts and neighborhoods in Baltimore knocking on doors and handing out hand bills for her father's run for mayor when trump was born. He has a lot to learn from her and to be jealous of.
@AOC As for where's mitch (no capital letters for small people)? He's not MIA. He's AWOL.
@AOC Growing up where I grew up, south of Somerton AZ, I witnesses lots of stories like yours. Keep up the good work.
@AOC Congress Woman my Spanish is not what it should be. Don't get chances 2 practice. I grew up southern Yuma Valley. My great-grand father Eng. Canadian mining engineer met his wife in a mining town in SE Sonora. Grandfather was in elementary school they were driven from Mexico
@AOC I applaud your fresh approach. We Marines are by nature insurgents. Would not be 2 quick to purge the democratic party of all moderates.If u wish to win back the senate and the white house you are going to have to have some to appeal to swing voters. Mas despacio por favor.
@SpeakerPelosi Madam Speaker, each day that u r Speaker makes me glad to live just north of your district in the bay area. I applaud your suggestion to master trump that he wait until all government workers have been paid to give his lies of the union speech.
Why she should be President. https://t.co/EiGrXjWFkl
RT @lauferlaw: Can all my followers pls boost this thread.  @michaeldweiss is attempting to protect his sources from being deported to Russ…
RT @american2084: 🔁 RT this.  it could save lives!   @theNiteMadness @funder @Stop_Trump20  @Helenhs @TalkToMeForReal @Mihero https://t.co/…
@TheAtlantic @qjurecic @benjaminwittes And even after Mueller wraps up his investigation the FBI's will continue. Their's has a broader mandate and if trump tries to shut it down he will be privy to the working definition of insidious.
@ABC Doesn't sound to this ex-Marine like a defeated entity. vice president pence you should remove your head from back there. Or is it up in someone else's body? Any way master pence check your fact. You loose way w/ fact and your boss's unprofessional method r getting people killed.
@DestinyBurwell Lady she loves this place as much as this ex-Marine. And probably more than you. And you know what you can do with your petition. Save on toilet paper.
I've been wondering about the logistical, political, and legal ramifications of setting up a go fund me account for each of the govt. trump has seen fit to not pay. Could it be done. If yes, then when hell freezes over. They go back 2 work then what happens to the paid back $?
@ValKHeadley @ResisterSis20 @susanengel14 you mean trump's jealousy at Nancy's ability to keep her caucus united. Well I guess it begin with caring about and listening to others. And as far as her getting along with the new kids in her caucus. She was one of them once. Trump etal should be worried.
The only barriers working right now are the ones inside trump and his enabling republicans' heads. We can only allocate them one tiny igneous block per cranial cavity. There's no more room than that in those small minds.
Mr. Heston gets beat in a fist fight with Mr. Peck. Mr. Peck's character ends up  spending time with a beautiful lady rancher who has the only source of water in the valley. The movie "The Big Country" is rather mediocre except for the object lesson it presents.
he chooses to do the things people demand he do in public he chooses to do when no one is watching. Gregory Peck is the star. Charlton Heston is one of his noisiest antagonists. He keeps daring Mr. Peck's character to do this or that to prove himself. In the end he gets beat in a
There's a movie out there where the hero is everything trump isn't when the girl who brought him out west to meet her overbearing father demands he prove his love for her he basically ignores her. Those things people demand the dude do to prove he's now wimp he chooses to do when
@JohnJHarwood https://t.co/KSq0YDjic6
@JohnJHarwood party line telephones.
@RickPetree I don't think being anti-trump should be something that qualifies someone to president. Policies and how you intend to accomplish them please.
senate republican underboss mcconnell personally wants a wall so he wont bring the bill he passed b4 or the Democratic House Majority's bill's to reopen the government to the floor. Wonder how long it will take for his fellow &amp; sister senate republicans 2 revolt &amp; force his hand?
@NicolleDWallace @nytimes Isn't he simply giving voice to what they have been practicing ever since LBJ was President?
@JRubinBlogger @davidfrum She's been at this since b4 the 1st grade. Kinda shows.
@JoyceWhiteVance Or mitch's.
My mother who had been to Spain b4 me insisted I go to the Cathedral in Toledo. If you know the history of its creation it is a most depressing place to experience. To compare the Alhambra to the Cathedral in Toledo is to compare a group of optimists to one of pessimists.
Congress Woman Tlaib: Have you ever visited the Alhambra in Granada. Anyone who is into Science, Art, Architecture, and Beauty should. On my one visit to Europe it was one of the main reasons I went.  My mother who had been to Spain b4 me insisted I visit the Cathedral in
@RashidaTlaib Please Congresswoman, keep educating people. Have a great year.
@joncoopertweets This wall is going to be the republican's Waterloo.	Stonewall Jackson - Waterloo	https://t.co/6qbU9QXxTh
@joncoopertweets Seems unlike trump christie can remember son-in-laws &amp; father-in-laws names.
Subject to correction from a proper source. The only things that mr barr may legally withhold from a public disclosure of the findings of the Mueller Report r Grand Jury Testimony and any intelligence information that may jeopardize sources or methods.
If I'm wrong will someone with professional knowledge and the actual facts correct me. As far as I can tell, the only things that may be excluded from any public disclosure of the findings of the Mueller Report by mr barr if he becomes AG, are Grand Jury testimony &amp; any
@clairecmc Congratulations, Mom!
@voxdotcom @riotwomennn Another example of why Senator Klobuchar should be President and he should not be Attorney General. Maybe a better resume than whitaker. Both r political hacks and suck ups.
@joncoopertweets I still think dropping the price of oil to $30.00 bbl FOB Rotterdam might be best way 2 deal with putin. &amp; make Defense Secretary Rbt Gates a prophet. If he can't feed his people his people will do it for the rest of the world. I don't think the crown prince would like it either.
@joncoopertweets How is this different from physical attack on a port city? As for trump do we need an act of war for treason and can we define what went on in 2016 and since as an act of war? Would a democratically controlled senate do something like that and would ex post facto stop them
@jilevin you go folks. We need to treat K-12 &amp; Preschool &amp; Kindergarten teacher like Accountants &amp; Lawyers &amp; pay accordingly. Public schools deserve the same prof standards funding as the best private schools. Best teacher I had High School no masters was a graduate  LDS language school.
@TravisAllen02 If it looks like dog shit; And it smells like dog https://t.co/rOfdZ7Frs8 don't need to taste it.
@renato_mariotti @DeanoArt My grandmother grew up around St Louis, Missouri. 1st registered - Republican b4 it was cool. Why? My senior senator some guy named Goldwater. His bullshit meter was on 24/7 b4 CNN. I will believe it when I see it. No longer Republican.  Depends what definition of Disclose is.
You Bechum Red Rider https://t.co/5nJjMR9IA5
@pkcapitol I grew up in he southern end of Yuma Valley. I worked in the fields the last year of the Bracero Program. Until the labor unions got it killed the mighty fence was 2 strands of barbed wire @ 30" high &amp; we didn't lock anything. What's changed - Diplomacy. It's harder.
@pkcapitol @ericawerner Why should they.  I am neither a democrat or a republican. I grew up down there. If trump is simply staging a photo op to insist on a useless wall. What's the point. As long as he's gonna act like a petulant, spoiled, 4th grader and not move off the "I want my wall" nonsense.
@CarolGo18658081 2 of my favorite people ever, both are now gone, used to live on Millux Ave, on the south edge of Dos Palos. Joined the Marines on Shaw in Fresno. Took my induction physical at Lemoore. Know a thing or 2 about the cental valley. Thank you 4 your service.
@Mimirocah1 @ProudResister And a full unredacted classified version should go the appropriate Congressional Committees. Mr. Barr unless you drop dead when trump leave office anything short of that will result in untoward consequences for you.
@Mimirocah1 @ProudResister Short of the release to the appropriate democratically led House Committee of a full and untouched copy of Mueller's full report Mr. Barr's name should be added 2 then immediately begun Impeachment proceedings.  The charge: Obstruction of Justice. Disbarment and jail if possible.
@susanengel14 Kevin Kline &amp; Michael Palin &amp; french fries in "A Fish Called Wanda" youtube	https://t.co/bYDzyiDooO
Message to republican wimps and weasel in the senate. What congressman king says &amp; does re: racism is reprehensible, but  if u operating under military rules ur majority boss would probably be in the brig. With regard to the lives of 800,000 people and those who depend on them.
@susanengel14 My friend's wife calls it that coconut movie. Perhaps we should ask Kevin Kline to do to trump what he did to Michael Palin in "A Fish called Wanda"
@SteveScalise @realDonaldTrump I'm not a dem. Used 2 b a Republican. I have heard no democrat say anything about an open border. When I was growing up down there your massive wall was 2 strands of barbed wire @ 30" high &amp; we didn't lock anything. You mountain is a mole hill sir. Improve on what works.
@susanengel14 Only instance I can think of where a wall worked. Monty Python &amp; Holy Grail Arthur &amp; knights assault French Castle https://t.co/FJWxPTHqnG
@SteveScalise @realDonaldTrump Mr. Scalise, I grew up down there. I also know that unless a wall is heavily manned it won't work. Active manpower &amp; technology backed up by serious diplomacy will work better than some medieval inert wall.
@IlhanMN @senatemajldr And his numbers keep getting worse	Sonny &amp; Cher	https://t.co/wXMv1wXNJA
@ReneeLibby2 Ask Scotts and English who live near the border of those two countries who have Roman DNA if walls work.
@NBCNews And maybe mitch should to. Afterall he's protecting the white supremacist in chief as if he, mitch, was wearing a sheet.
@RickPetree @Trump I misspelled pre-adolescent
@RickPetree Clear proof that his per-adolescent imbecile does not understand the world outside his office/playpen @trump tower ny nor nuances of us foreign policy nor the office he holds. Used to think he was a 7th grade school yard bully unsuccessfully confronting puberty. He's regressing.
@hopefulscouser3 @Clare78268145 thought you were done w/ me?
I think after barr supposedly releases the Mueller report to congress and the American people, the democrats in the house should subpoena Mueller and ask him point blank if what they got was what he gave barr.
@PhilipRucker @DanielBShapiro implausible amnesia.
I just love it when people are full or noise about how wonderful trump is but have no facts to back them up. Especially when asked geography questions concerning the border probably can't find any of the mentioned locations without consulting google.
@hopefulscouser3 @wingfoot44 @scott3806 @Jamierodr10 @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer no facts to back you up. Noise. Opinions. Opinions are like assholes everybody has one. Hope you have both.
@hopefulscouser3 @wingfoot44 @scott3806 @Jamierodr10 @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer as for getting down on one's knees I'll leave that you .
@hopefulscouser3 @wingfoot44 @scott3806 @Jamierodr10 @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer Answer the questions please. djt is a con man and not a very good one. As for rich land developers. Our, CA, are richer than him no bankruptcies as far as I know. No major inheritance. One began w $10,000 loan. Mucho mas rico que donnie t.
@hopefulscouser3 @wingfoot44 @scott3806 @Jamierodr10 @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer How so?
@hopefulscouser3 @wingfoot44 @scott3806 @Jamierodr10 @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer Where are you visiting? One of the major cities like El Paso, Nogales, Mexicali, San Luis, Tijuana? Or smaller like Lukeville, Lordsburg, or Sasabe?
@hopefulscouser3 @wingfoot44 @scott3806 @Jamierodr10 @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer The occupant of the wh is a crook.
@hopefulscouser3 @wingfoot44 @scott3806 @Jamierodr10 @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer What is it that we allow to happen? details please?
@susanengel14 @charlie_savage I wonder don't these people realize the fact will be out there. And probably the most devastating prosecutorial venues 4 trump still personally are beyond the reach of the US Government. State AG's. And I don't Roberts would want to wade in there. Personal fortune gone. YEAH TEAM
@hopefulscouser3 @wingfoot44 @scott3806 @Jamierodr10 @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer Have you ever been to the American southwest? I would not presume to know how things are in England. You basing your comments on what?
@RickPetree @Delavegalaw Considering his job application letter I doubt he will follow Mr Richardson out the door.
@jilevin How can he blame the democrats for something was his idea?
I wonder how many of the people who support trump fit this model?	LBJ on using a perrson's racist attitude against them https://t.co/4pfI30IMUF
@jeremyherb @SchneiderCNN Subject to his edits or complete redaction?
@charlie_savage How do we stop him from substitute his opinions for the facts? Subpoena Mueller and Co?
@AOC @joanwalsh Especially after he pays his russian investors
I think I know where trump got his idea that walls are effective ways to keep people out. Monty Python's Holy Grail Siege of a Castle	https://t.co/EZgxYXxbc1
@susanengel14 @FRANCE24 My experience with mostly christian monotheistic religions (with the  exception the occasional local shepard (minister or priest): a large  bureaucratic  organization composed mostly of unhappy power mad old men trying to tell the rest of us how to live &amp; not setting the example.
@susanengel14 @FRANCE24 I keep planning to join the Freedom From Religion Foundation ( Atheists &amp; Agnostics) Yo soy un Agnostico.
@JoyceWhiteVance @kylegriffin1 And I guess Jeff Foxworthy doesn't need to take his show "Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader?" to the wh. We already know the answer.
@JoyceWhiteVance Today would be a good day for congress to build a wall around all of trumps golf courses and anyone with papers is prohibitied.
@NicolleDWallace And mitch keeps guarding his moat.
@SykesCharlie Why is it you old white male so-called hetero conservatives are so obsessed with the congresswoman More extreme often immorally elected members of your party established playing field. Lots what u call norms need 2 b tossed out w the whale bone corsets u seem 2 want women 2 wear
@JoyceWhiteVance @kylegriffin1 I guess he missed that Sesame Street show where today's program is brought to you by the letter N.
@McFaul And his cabinet members want congress to "just trust trump on russia" after they dropped some of the sanctions congress imposed on trump and his russian puppeteers.
@hopefulscouser3 @wingfoot44 @scott3806 @Jamierodr10 @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer The simple fact that except for walls near urban areas where intense scrutiny and policing is possible they don;t work. Most of the walls you folks cite as working have or had serious manpower behind them. It is and was the manpower not the wall.
@MotherJones Are you suggesting that people of influence in Alabama agree with Governor Newsom. Should they move to Sacramento?
here here https://t.co/17THhVnGrd
a significant chunk of the democrats #'s the last election a result of a similarly robust political tsunami. I received several shoddy, totally wrong one size fits all come ons from them &amp; their minions. They do that again they will lose no matter how crooked &amp; inept the repubs r
Few years ago during my none to successful and none to well fit attempt at a  a career in public accounting, I did some of the books for some sole proprietorships that were so poorly run that they were only viable because the economy was booking. I think the democrats numbers in
@McFaul @DanielBShapiro Either putin or out of his ass. Your choice.
@JoyceWhiteVance @riotwomennn Good luck.
@SpeakerPelosi I don't think assuring them their back pay is enough. What if they have to sell things they want 2 sell (stocks-taking losses they wouldn't have taken by not selling, near and dear personal items non-governmental workers who are getting paid wouldn't have to sell.)
@ColMorrisDavis @realDonaldTrump mitch can you read?
@naretevduorp @joncoopertweets Canada in an uncomfortable position. A neighbor has as much influence on their well being as we do elects dangerously deranged pres as we did they have 2 tread lightly. The duty of us who didn't participate in that disastrous act - electing trump rid him of both our houses.
OToole (Lawrence) looks up at Omar Sharif (Sharif Ali) and growls "as long as the arabs continue killing each other over such things, they will remain the little people of the world." The only change in 103 years, oil has given some of them $ to buy more deadly weapons.
Omar Sharif rides up full of disgust and anger shout about why the man, who was from another tribe, had no right to drink form his tribe's well. And OToole exhibiting why he should have won the Oscar looks at his fellow actor playing Sharif Ali &amp; growls "as long as the Arabs
They have stopped at a well different from the guide's tribe. The man makes the mistake of starting to draw water from the well. He lifts the bag from the well and smiles up at Lawrence. A shot rings out and the man drops dead. Omar Sharif  rides up full of disgust and anger
Last night I was watching "Lawrence of Arabia". Came in a bit late. Lawrence has been given a guide by the British Arab Bureau to help him get to Prince Faisal the defacto leader of the Arab Revolt against the Turks. They have stopped a well owned by a tribe different from the
@susanengel14 @kurteichenwald It is rather disgusting isn't it? But mitch looks more like jabba. Both gross.
Disapprove # TrumpResign https://t.co/buyrF1X456
@ResisterSis20 @susanengel14 To a certain extent the trump cabal is like Hal Roach's Little Rascals. And putting ivanka in charge of the World Bank is like putting Darla in charge. he Little Rascals as far as I know were supposed to honest. These miscreants have an allergy to the word.
@brianklaas Senile?
@guardian Would she be the "acting" head of the bank. And if so what definition of the word "acting" would apply? Rotten Tomatoes?
@JoyceWhiteVance Fortunately,neither he nor trump have been voted "fearless leader". Can try 2 assert executive privilege. Seldom worked 4 any previous presidents had stronger cases. technically trump is supposed 2 be represent this country. Such trump/putin not covered by most extreme definition
@JillWineBanks @WhitfordBradley Except for the fact that we kinds do need to keep track of his crazy outbursts, I wonder how he would react if he called a press conference and not of the outlets he considers fake news showed up.
@charlie_savage As a former Marine &amp; a former Republican I'm not prone to voting for people as liberal as Newsom. But I voted for him this time. If he ended up with the nomination I don't think trump would debate him. His self confidence can be a bit unnerving at times - unlike trump's it's real
@charlie_savage Would like to see him invoke powers take away FEMA funds all areas in US needing them since he became president. I suspect he would exclude locations where there might be large #'s of his base. But if he takes money away from CA he would be giving Newson a platform for running.
@charlie_savage El es tonto y loco tambien. No es bastante para estar el presidente.
@BBCWorld I'll bet the Kurds aren't. Why not train them to call in Navy &amp; Marine close air support and given them the carrier groups to provide to he muscle?
@SenJoniErnst I remember one time when my father came back from a National Cotton Council meeting Memphis. On Delta seated next to friend from Georgia since everything then &amp; now goes through Atlanta. He asked @ Herman Talmadge. "Yeah hes; sum bitch but he's our sum bitch." The man replied.
@RNicholasBurns @murphymike He's clearly on something stronger than Dr. Leary would recommend.
@kurteichenwald @susanengel14 I wonder if viagra works for rush? Maybe that's why he's always so angry? think?
@Dale116dot7 @sam_vinograd @VanityFair I was just referencing that he would be spending as much time in the House chambers as someone elected to sit there. The audience of 13 will likely happen after he's resigned in disgrace. The wheels of justice sometimes move slowluy.
@sam_vinograd @VanityFair Afte Nancy's comment, I think he might want to start thinking of himself as the 436th congressman. I suspect he may find himself being called 2 answer questions in some congressional venue on a weekly if not daily basis &amp; his behavior is likely 2 b investigated Ad nauseam.
@MichaelSteele @CapehartJ https://t.co/E8NA9pkn0q
@MichaelSteele @CapehartJ When I saw Sean Connery in "Medicine Man" I realized going bald was OK!
@MalcolmNance When I got back to Pendleton my former CO a Lt. Col. was the clubs officer. Wouldn't call that a promotion would you?
@MalcolmNance Something un trump. How dangerous is it 2  yell at a Navy Master Chief? I was the volunteered Motor T Officer - When we were @ disembark @ Inchon we'd arrived too late. The ramps were rising by the minute. So my boss the S-4 , the Co &amp; Ex all started yelling
@ProudResister @RickPetree @realDonaldTrump Doubt it. Unless the house across the way blows up. Or theirs, if they have one, catches fire. . . .
@Evan_McMullin @PamKeithFL He betrayed us. So 2 misguided self absorbed often trust fund babies didn't invent it their folks did. They betray their country every time the spend lavishly 2 assure themselves a tax cut that weakens our country. His betrayal was more obvious &amp; dangerous way. But he's not alone
@Evan_McMullin @PamKeithFL Yes this ignorant, self absorbed, narcissistic, fool has betrayed us. But like so many other rich people who think they invented it care not for the idea that is America or the middle class that makes the money they put in the Cayman's Bank accounts worth anything. He did it.
southern border. You are not having enough children. And you are not filling enough of the tech jobs or the menial ones either. I have done  those. U gonna go pick lettuce? I don't think so. Educate yourself or are unable to adapt. You know what Darwin would say about that . . .
But we need all kinds of immigrants. You are driving the skilled ones away with your mindless racism. Racism? yes. Why stigmatize darker skinned immigrants when visa over stays who probably came in on United or Delta are the majority of undocumented immigrants not walkers on the
or the Great Wall of China That didn't work. If you wish to visit the southwest desert do so 4 its beauty. I would suggest you not do it during the months of May through September during the daytime or November through March during the night. Yes folks it freezes down there. But
You anti-immigrant folks are not making up for the immigrants you don't want coming into this country. We need all kinds of immigrants. We need to beef up the methods of controlling our borders that work. We don't need another tourist attraction like Hadrian's Wall or the Great
You wanna know why people come here.	 "All Come to Look for America"	https://t.co/KLutD45vvx
@RickPetree For me it only served to clarify and fill in the blanks that were few.
@tinaissa @morgfair Let's do everything we can to give these guys a long term unpaid vacation.
@RickPetree Find out what it costs putin to get oil &amp; gas out of the ground and sell it to Europe FOB Rotterdam at a price below those prices. All you can eat. I have a feeling the crown price wouldn't like it any better. vlad may have to park his jets and t72's
@RickPetree Since we will be paying a price for rampant fracking. And since we are now the world's largest oil producer. I think we should use it like Reagan used star wars. The CIA probably knows these 1st 2 numbers.Find out what it costs putin to get oil &amp; gas out of the ground
@dabeard He's not secretly working on their behalf. He;s doing it in the open. Brazenly.
@robreiner The president who go to shot down by the courts who is mentioned most often is Truman and he was fighting the Korean War. trump is turning us into the Grand Duchy of Fenwick https://t.co/PmmIkJHIRo
@GovHowardDean @morgfair They don't know who they are dealing with. By the time she's done w/ them they're gonna think shes the red queen. You GO Madam Speaker. I would say school is in session. Corporal punishment 4 these miscreants is appropriate. Be careful you don't hurt their tiny brains down there.
@MacMcKinseyIV I'm glad someone got the joke.
@MacMcKinseyIV Donna Summer "She Works for the Money"	https://t.co/8mtjYJ1rz8
@tedlieu I am a Marinite. Am not a liberal. ex-Mairne. Former Republican when  Howard Baker in Senate, Rather have Gavin Newsom. Despite his more  liberal bent than senator harris I think he stands a better chance of  showing trump for what he is- mano a mano. trump's humiliation tango.
@thehill He's not a freshman.
@NormOrnstein Like Rachael says: Don't listen to what they say. Watch what they do."
@byron_auguste @NormOrnstein @Amy_Siskind It is not just embarrassing. It's criminal, un-American, plain wrong. We should shutter all trump's businesses &amp; freeze all his&amp; family's bank &amp; stock accounts its going on. So when he says "I can relate." would be 1st true thing he's said since b4 he took the oath of office.
@CillizzaCNN Take this for what it's worth. They elected one of their own.
@senatemajldr hey weasel. This ex-Marine refuses to use the term leader anywhere within range of you. If you master trump takes money awy from FEMA's disaster relief fund and with tornado season almost here. If a swarm hits Kentucky where you gonna get the $ the tooth fairy?
@GovHowardDean Hey jerk, if there is a humanitarian crisis at our southern border you and your policies created. The only new wall we need are the 4 around you with iron bars on one of them.  May you rot in your version of hell.
@PCPappy I went to graduate school in Davis in the 80's. My condolences to her family and friends. Things like that should not happen. Especially in places like Davis.
I suspect there is no prohibition against charging a sitting president with manslaughter on the books in New Mexico. And that young boy died in Almogordo. And I don't think it would be very hard to prove he died as a result of conditions set in motion by trump etal.
@clairecmc If the military was in  charge there was a humanitarian crisis a court martial board would be convened and the likely outcome would probably include jailing the president for manslaughter 2 counts. Careful master trump. Justice Dept memo be damned.
@clairecmc If there is an humanitarian crisis at the border it was created by trump &amp; everyone down the chain of command from him to those who actually separated kids for their parents &amp; who slowed to flow of asylum seekers &amp; forced them to go to less well appointed crossing points.
I think the proper committee in the US House needs to launch an investigation into who has mitch mcconnell by the short hair. Find out what skeletons he has on his closet that someone is using to keep hm from doing his job and make it public.
@tribelaw Professor: I can assure you California will. They have a case 4 that. Being a border state will have the expertise 2 refute his lame brained idea a wall will slow flow of drugs/help him reunite families he and his even dumber minions separated.  Hey donnie can u spell Humiliation
@jdawsey1 @PhilipRucker we need a rail, hot tar, and feathers. Preferably not an endanger species.
@jonkarl Then we ca build that metal barrier around jr &amp; etc and call IT a ZOO. Because it will be.
@jonkarl The best way to bring this plague 2 an end is 2 have the AG's, esp. NY &amp; CA &amp; Manhattan DA dismantle trump inc right before their eyes &amp; out of the reach of anything but large teams very expensive lawyers booking thousands of billable hours, that they have to pay for not us.
@RBReich &amp; trump's ideas on how to slow the flow. Drive them from the ports of entry where they tried to apply to out of the way places where 2 died.
@RBReich Maybe Iowans voted for one of their own?
@jacobsoboroff @RBReich @JuliaEAinsley Over, under around and through? Your choice master president.
@RBReich Wonder if he has a Zoe Baird problem?
@RBReich Like this? https://t.co/zF6BuFfj0G
@RBReich 4 mitch to call himself a leader is absurd.
@burgessev What about financial losses and interest expenses they may have to pay that would not have had to pay except for 9 yr. old trump's temper tantrums?
@jonkarl you expect us to believe a control freak like trump didn't know? bullshit!
@unminced11 @Helenhs I recently purchased a couple from Jeff Bezo's https://t.co/HmBitpaOes:"The Universe is made up of Protons Neutrons Electrons and Morons: &amp; Ummm...Can we just admit we may have taken this "anyone can grow up to be President" thing a little too far?
@JenniferLBrewer On further consideration I have come to realize that none of the trumps have ever heard the old aphorism that "it is better to let people think you are an idiot than to open your mouth and prove it for them."
@AP_Politics Am not Democrat or republican. I think the democrats have shown more willingness to tango than most of the republican. Bills passed &amp; the repubs who seem willing to dance r probably feeling the electoral heat. As 4 u &amp; trump it only takes 1 to play w yourself.
@DearAuntCrabby @MalcolmNance It doen;t seem to me like he or his father need a lot fo help.
@Cdbrow1 And he last year i remember bird doggin' for the General, he was in his 70's using a 28 ga. shotgun, getting his limit of white wings&amp; doves w 1 box of shells. Neither he or his aide would u call a fighter jock their confidence/charm extended well beyond the cockpit of a plane.
@Cdbrow1 When I was growing up in Yuma valley, my farther's best friend was a retired US Army Air Corps WWII Ace who had been the aide to a man who in 1942 pulled off a much more hair raising maneuver flying a B25. And General Doolittle showed up every September 1st to hunt doves.
@Cdbrow1 What's the landing speed of a U2? How many knots can top of the line carrier hit? How man knots of wind was blowing across the flight deck? Flying it off the deck might have presented a greater challenge.
@Cdbrow1 And from what I understand NASA is still using Kelly Johnson's flying glider for research. Keep up the good work and have a great year.
@tribelaw He is and she should see the inside of a super max cell from at least 3-5. But ar least he's honest enough to express the family's inherent racism. And we should see if we can arrange to have all his direct jailers be people of color from the LGBT community.
@Cdbrow1 Saw one of those Blackbirds coming straight down. Sitting on the porch of my BOQ in Camp Zukeran Okinawa. An 0802 Lt. who had been volunteered 2 be 3rd Batt, 12th Marines Motor T Officer. The plane was clearly in a hurry to get down 2 Kadena &amp; get behind closed doors.
@RealTrumpdonald donald trump get a clue. Nancy Pelosi and I are not going to give you a wall that wastes money and wot significantly impact the numbers at the border. ! other thing. This ex-Marine who grew up down there has never considered you a leader. You're reinforcing that.
@CBSNews @slater_rose I think what would get his attention better a C-130 full of trash dumped on the pracctice green of his favorite golf course.
@SenatorTomUdall @Interior @SenatorCarper @SenMarkey @SenatorBennet @SenatorCantwell Senator javen't you noticed that since trump became president reason is not a word used by republicans. Granted it was used sparingly before. Now not art all.
This administration unintentionally reminds me of "1941" the movie. Which was intentional. 	https://t.co/tjTjEpkH9k
@kenolin1 All the more reason for every state to get the same percentage back from DC. No debtor state. No Creditor states, I am going to suggest that we. California, keep our money and make trump beg for it. He;d be near broke without it.
Holding US Govt worker's pay hostage 2 get wall on the US/Mex. Border makes as much sense as declaring war on russia &amp; bombing Taiwan. Not the behavior of an adult leader. The behavior of a petulant, narcissistic, stupid, ignorant, spoiled 9 yrd old. And those abett him are worse
@RickPetree And on my regular twitter tweet I published the text of Lincoln;s Gettysburg Address for an example of what is possible if you are both President &amp; Leader of this country. And a situation that likely would have risen to the level of a national emergency. Ya think?
shall not have  died in vain—that  this nation, under  God,  shall  have a  new birth of  freedom—and that  government of the  people, by   the  people, for the  people, shall not  perish from the  earth.
advanced. It is  rather for us to  be  here dedicated to the great  task  remaining before  us—that from these   honored dead we take  increased  devotion to that  cause for which they   gave the last full  measure of  devotion—that we  here highly resolve  that  these dead
power  to add or detract.  The world will little note, nor long  remember  what we  say here, but  it can never forget what they did  here. It is for  us the  living,  rather, to be dedicated here to the  unfinished work  which they  who  fought here have thus far so nobly
nation might live. It is altogether fitting and  proper that we should  do this. 	But,  in a larger sense, we can not dedicate—we can  not  consecrate—we can  not hallow—this ground. The brave men, living  and  dead, who struggled  here, have consecrated it, far above our poor
civil war, testing whether that  nation, or any nation so conceived  and so dedicated, can long endure. We  are met on a great battle-field  of that war. We have come to dedicate a  portion of that field, as a  final resting place for those who here gave  their lives  that that
What is possible - The greatest speech ever given by a US President Four score and seven years ago our  fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation, conceived in  Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created  equal. 	Now we are engaged in a great
@RickPetree You'll notice this ex-Marine said "high office holders" not leaders.
@RickPetree And that kind of "I'm better than you" attitude is fertile ground for exploitation for gangs, supremacist groups, and election of divisive high office holders like trump. You seriously have that kind of an attitude don't waste my time.
@RickPetree And if you really believe in the "idea" as espoused in the writings of our founding fathers &amp; the writings and speeches of  the only certifiable genius president we ever had, Abraham Lincoln, that kind of superior attitude is un-American.
@RickPetree Growing up/working on the border if 2 folks came across from south intending to stay legal or otherwise the 1st arrival looked down their noses at the later 1s. That sentiment seems to still hold true in Border Patrol. Article I just read. "This is not racism he was born there"
My true age 68 in about a month and used to be 5'11"	They think You got: 44 Years Old and 5 Foot 9! Rate These British Guys And We’ll Guess Your Age And Height https://t.co/ByNPCHzhyk via @QuizlyCo
@MalcolmNance Can we arrange for Trump to be mated with a moose.
@IlhanMN Congresswoman, until the last year of the Bracero Program the Sonoran fence south of my house was 2 strands of barbed wire @ 30" high &amp; we didn't lock anything. Solving the problems in Central America and elsewhere will take decades. The Dulles Brother &amp; Reagan made it worse..
@IlhanMN Congresswoman, when I was growing up on the Mexican border in southern Yuma Valley until the Bracero Program was killed off because those wonderfully professional men were here to take as much money as they could back to their families in Mexico. We didn't lock anything.
A trend I noticed when I was growing up and working on the US Mexico border in Arizona, that seems to still hold true- Those who got here 5 minutes earlier than the one behind them whether either of you got her legally or otherwise-  look down your nose at the one who came next.
For whatever its worth. When I was living on the border and working with people from south of it there was a pattern to their behavior that sounds, from the article I just read about a journalist who has investigated the Border Pztrol somewhar extensively. Those who got here
@IlhanMN 2nd Lt S Jones was 5'4" freckled-faced west Texas brunette. Cute as a bug and harmless as an Australian Inland Taipan. Continued success Congress Woman.
@IlhanMN One comment on feminism. Grew up southern Yuma Valley, AZ. One day dad took us to 2nd mesa. Handed my mom his Colt 45 automatic. She methodically put the entire clip in a target @ 25 yds size size of small grapefruit. Ar USMC Basic School 2nd Lt S Jones 148 out of 150.
@IlhanMN Hey Congresswoman, Congratulations. What kind of fish were you catching?
@IlhanMN I suspect the fact checkers will have as much trouble finding lie as they would have shooting chickens in a crowded coop.
@SenDuckworth Gavin understands how to stage a great image. Even if he doesn't run if trump is foolish enough to attack CA Gavin will make him look like what he is. Old, angry, ignorant, racist, slow, and stupid. Newsoms clearly good Catholics but Pro-Choice.
@SenDuckworth Colonel: Mr. Newsom may come across easy going but like Jimmie Stewart in that way.Still water-deep. Opponents found each step along his career. Despite his liberal bent he would likely humiliate trump in a debate. This former Republican/ex-Marine voted4 this leader. He &amp; Becerra
@SenThomTillis Trying to solve the illegal immigration problem only at the border is like waiting 4 cancer to metastasize &amp; trying 2 kill the offspring. Need to solve these at their source. It wont be easy. As for the situation at the border go back to what was. Open the Govt.
@SenThomTillis We didn't lock shit until the Bracero Program was killed off by the unions those men would not give money to because they were here for one purpose. Take as much of it as they could home to their families. Solving the problem will mean economic aid and assistance.
@SenThomTillis senator: Open the government. You'll get your money for border security. I grew up down there. I culled melons in a cantaloupe trailer start @ 3:00AM each morning. Working with the last exceedingly professional men of he Bracero Program. We didn't lock shit.
@AndrewGillum @DanielBShapiro @AP @TimesUnionGuild @orlandosentinel Mr. Gillum Thank you for a hard fought race. And continued success in whatever you do. One request don;t follow Skink into the Glades. Have a good year.
@RickPetree She's gonna be 100 in April
@RickPetree It seems he may be married to a woman who is tougher than he is. Shortly after he had is stroke he was stumbling around the house feeling sorry for himself and she told him to get off his ass and go do something.  So he wrote a book "My Stroke of Luck" Masterpiece.
@RickPetree Mr. Douglas was 102 last December
@jeffmarx53 @TheyCallMeAStud @washingtonpost Died November 19, 2017
@jeffmarx53 @TheyCallMeAStud @washingtonpost manson''s dead.
@RickPetree The original Broadway Randle Patrick McMurphy https://t.co/lgvaYQDMZw
@TheyCallMeAStud @washingtonpost And if trump does collapse, who would pence have to play mini me to?
@RickPetree The only way we are going to have sane people around trump is if we give him Charles Manson's cell in Camarillo.
@SecNielsen Every time you try to convince us there's crisis at our southern border, the time line is 2 years or less. You are admitting that if there is a crisis down there, you folks created it &amp; you want to use, the least effective means mentioned to solve it. Stupid bad liars
https://t.co/l2YWPx8VRQ
In the event that Jon Lovitz is a democrat or at the very least not a republican, I think we should have him dress up as Tommy Flanagan as the response to trump tonight. Then at the end of his rebuttal eh looks at the camera and deadpans "Even I can't make this shit up."
@SecNielsen I think we should lock you and your boss up in one of those cages. Maybe make you live in a crowded feedlot with the cattle.
@SecNielsen What are you smoking If the #'s increased your stupid racist policies made them. Clifford Irving, the man who faked Howard Hughes's phony autobiography was better at making things up than u mean clowns.
@emi200410 @realDonaldTrump We going to spend money on border security- spend it on things that work. As you say walls don't work. Not been to border in a while. I grew up 5 mi from both Baja/Sonora. Worked fields with last men who came here to pick crops - Bracaceros. 1965 We didn't lock anything. Be well
@emi200410 @BeverlyJCampbe1 @realDonaldTrump And you were not a party to the disagreement
@JRubinBlogger Joyce Vance suggested a Mystery Science Theater 3000 broadcast format.
@DeadlineWH @peterbakernyt @JuliaEAinsley @NicolleDWallace either CGI or sun stroke
@TheRynheart @Daniel_00000007 @senatemajldr Wuss
@realDonaldTrump @wingfoot44 no wall. waste of money.
@realDonaldTrump @wingfoot44 minus 800,000 lost wages = less than zero.
trump is a sole proprietor. A sole proprietor who trust no one. Does not delegate. And was born omniscient. So no need to learn anything.
@PhilipRucker @MalcolmNance OF THEIR CREATION!
@NicolleDWallace Your buddy Joyce Vance has a rather interesting suggestion about how ot watch donnie's prime time diarrhea of the mouth tomorrow night. Think of it as rerun of Mystery Science Theater 3000.
@MichaelSteele Mr.Steele: If I were you wouldn't worry about any of the democratic house committee chairpersons moving to fast. I suspect that donnie &amp; the grovelers will begin to feel as though they are being subjected to a very slow Chinese water torture. Unable to speed things
Bigotry, racism, incompetence, and ineptitude. Great words to put on their resumes. THE TRUTH.
@JoyceWhiteVance try to imagine yourself as Randle McMurphy post lobotomy while watching it still probably wont make sense. Good luck
the people at the top of this administration r not used to running a system this large &amp; make demands &amp; issues order caring not at all whether those who have to carry out the orders have the means/the know how to carry them out. IF THERE IS A HUMANITARIAN CRISIS THEY CREATED IT!
because this administration threw out a system that had a 99% success rate for 1 that because of their methods has created a humanitarian crisis &amp; caused the death of 2 innocent children when there were none in the previous 8 years. Congressman Peter King's numbers not mine.The
The trump administration says there is a humanitarian crisis on our southern border. Why si there one now when rhere wasn't one in prior administrations when the number of people coming across that border were higher? Because this administration threw out a system that worked for
@SenatorTomUdall @POTUS @senatemajldr Senator: What relation was my former home state of AZ's Congressman Mo Udall to you? Miss him. Any guy who could star for a Div-1 college basketball team and deposit his glass eye on a critical sportscasters table at the end of a game, we need more of. Keep up the good work sir.
@JRubinBlogger @kelly2277 Lell him to start with his own house.
@NYGovCuomo @CyrusToulabi Sir, after staying the running of the stature of limitations on the ratification of the equal rights amendment we must enshrine the tenets of Roe v Wade in the US Constitution.Let kavenaugh and bros try to overturn that.
@CillizzaCNN Chris: I am neither a democrat or republican.I think we already have  a pretty socialism infused democracy that is daily becoming more of an oligarchy. PRI  What about those folks interviewed in Ky who hate government but couldn't survive without government subsidy payments?
If you have a potentially fatal internal infection the causes sores on your skin or privates. Would treating the sores make the main illness go away. Doubt it. Ask your doctor. Or are you liek trump so brilliant on all subjects that you have yourself for your doctor?
For those morons who think making life more difficult for people seeking asylum here will cause the to quit coming. Nyet. If you have  potentially fatal internal infection that results in sore on your skin on your privates. Would treating the sores make the main illness go
@PamKeithFL I grew up on the borders of Sonora &amp; Baja. Southern Yuma Valley. The last real crisis I ever heard on our border with Mexico involved Pancho Villa. I don;t think there was even a fence then.
@TrueFactsStated My other example of a woman reducing a male bully to a simpering child. Amy Klobuchar staring down kavenaugh.
@TrueFactsStated I think he does that for us. I think it would serve Congress Woman Tlaib better to find wht is each of her opponents weak spot &amp; use that. donnie hates to have someone get the spotlight vs of him. we saw that in clearly when Nancy in clear terms told him he didn't have the votes.
@BaleHeads I think Mr. Bale might want to consider doing "The Heart of Darkness". Not Apocalypse Now. The Heart of Darkness. Based on Joseph Conrad's book. He might even might impose on Liam Neeson to play Kurtz.
@SykesCharlie Charlie one aspect of her approach reminds me of Dolly Parton.  Like Dolly she's smarter than republican men who seem so bugged by her are willing to admit &amp; like Dolly she's gonna insinuate her ideas into the mainstream of the democratic party. Mostly by asking questions.
@SykesCharlie Charlie if they did that they would be old style Republican like Ron &amp; Nancy. This bunch would consider that heresy.
good question. https://t.co/s9Yr3Pyeal
@TonyT30 @jiveDurkey @McFaul I'm not a liberal or a democrat but I suspect my positions, based on a rational assessment of the facts is closer to the Ambassador's than to yours. By the way I think you might want to practice your use of colorful language. Pretty inept.
@george_capen @MScottMiller59 I'm a Marine 0802 veteran who never supported this T _ _ D. Sister gave me his book when it came out, It might have my fingerprints on the onside cover no further. Paper weight.
I've read Seven Pillars of Wisdom. Have a copy of Lawrence's proposed map of the western tip of Asia. And been a bit of a student of that area most of my life.
@POTUSPress @wingfoot44 @SpeakerPelosi Put  the government workers back to work. Pay them their back wages. Compensate them for any unexpected losses interest expenses caused by your callous indifference to their non-involvement in this discussion.
@Ezkimetukiyi My view of things in the eastern end of turkey ,syria, iraq, and iran is this. Much that region should be given to the Kurds. Some of eastern turkey likely belongs to the Armenians (half of Mr Ararat). One other thing it is my understanding Saladin was a Kurd.
@Ezkimetukiyi @imamofkufr @AJEnglish I'm not suggesting that we train anyone to attack turkey. I am suggesting we give the people who have been doing much of the dying in our place to do away with ISIS the means to defend themselves. Any air support we provide would be for that location.
@POTUSPress @wingfoot44 @SpeakerPelosi As for how long I have been aware of the situation on the border. The Bracero Program was killed in 1965. Where were u in 1965? A goodly percentage of the people coming to our southern border are fleeing violence. Need to have their cases adjudicated. Not put in detention camps.
@POTUSPress @wingfoot44 @SpeakerPelosi Even your normal apologist senator graham said killing off a system of people control that was working was in his words "stupid". Speaker Pelosi has emphatically stated "no wall. Not who we are". So yoiu should check what you've been consuming. You hearing things.
@POTUSPress @wingfoot44 @SpeakerPelosi Spend the money the wall would cost on things we know work. There may be a need for some more barriers in some places. But not everywhere. The people who man the border are the ones who say most drugs come through the ports of entry. The numbers of illegals r down.
@EssexBarrister @RickPetree @BarristerSecret @middletemple @UnivOxford @UniofOxford @TheCriminalBar You Go Lady!
@POTUSPress @wingfoot44 Spend the money your useless wall will cost on solutions that work. Agenst, technology and economic and diplomatic solutions to the underlying problems people are fleeing . You are the ignorant ones.
@POTUSPress @wingfoot44 The reason we never locked anything when the barrier was a barbed wire fence 30" high was the diplomatic situation that existed at the time. If you solve the dangerous situations that drive people toward our southern border you will need to spend less on people &amp; tech.
@POTUSPress @wingfoot44 On things that work no limit. On any barrier that destroys communities and businesses with no proof that they will alter the #'s 0.
@politico @morgfair That kind of confirm that him calling himself a leader is ridiculous.
@POTUSPress @wingfoot44 I lived down there for 28 years. Your hot air is bogus. How many divisions of the military are you going to send to man the wall. How many billion dollars per year of your money are you going to spend to maintain them. YOUR MONEY NOT MINE.
How beautiful is nature when it is protected? https://t.co/624ipOsab0
@thehill 4 walls and iron bars.
Inhale deeply.
This president's epa really stands for environmental pollution agency so don't worry about any harmful smoke.
@MaxBoot @BeverlyJCampbe1 @FoxNews Mr. Boot he doesn't want to be on the losing side.
@CBSNews @LindseyGrahamSC @FaceTheNation Farce the Nation this time.
@LindseyGrahamSC Senator I've never been a Democrat or liberal. I was a Republican when honorable people like Howard Baker in the party. U r not fit 2 carry his lunch pail. My life on the border in AZ was interrupted by time as Marine Officer 0802. Walls don't work.
@AmbJohnBolton Sir, you're looking more like Neville Chamberlain every day. You know as well as I do the only way to assure the Kurds safety from turkey.  Train them 2 call in close air support missions/give them the carrier groups 2 carry out missions w/o  limit who gets bombed.
For all wall wanters out there. I have a better use 4 your $5.6 Billion. You use your money for this. Not mine. Go round up 5.6 billion $1 bills. Take them out to the desert north of the border, pile them up, pour enough gasoline on them to make them burn. Then set them on fire.
@SenAlexander Why should dems bend over backward for trump. He has already got enough of you kneeling in fornt of him. No room.
@AJEnglish Turkey's assurances are about as viable as Neville Chamberlain say we would have "peace in our time". Both Bolton and Chamberlain have mustaches. Anything else similar. I trust turkey on this about as much as Churchill trusted Hitler.
@AJEnglish The only way we can assure the Kurds safety from the Turks. Train them to call in Naval or marine close air support and leave couple of carrier groups off the coast th carry out the air strikes against whomever poses a threat the the Kurds. Turkey be damned.
@RickPetree I think I have a suggestion for trumps retirement home. 	Tijuana Jail	https://t.co/ccuMyhkT3B
@LouDobbs Hey Lou I don't see any military service on your wikipedia page what gives?
@LouDobbs No Fucking way. Is that colorful enough for you? Course I learned that part of my vocabulary down on the border behind my elementary school at the time. Long b4 matriculating in the Marines. Uh Rah!
@CapehartJ Mr. Capehart we in all of California are due for a deluge the likes of which no one living has seen. In 1861 Leland Stanford had to row to and from his inauguration as Governor of CA.	https://t.co/kuoY72893c
@BrianKarem @davidmweissman Whatever he's on has to be banned. I don't think Adderall would cause this.
@Rurba002 @bjcreigh If they can find the gun and connect it to the suspects conclusively. Send them both to Hunstville. Good riddance.
@kathrynresister Have you always had a way with words?
This ex-Marine couldn't agree more. https://t.co/bTNXWh3JWJ
@kathrynresister @Daniel_00000007 This ex-Marine couldn't agree more.
@tribelaw I think it's preadolescent petulance. He's gonna take his toys and go home. I really do believe that his emotional development stopped at the onset of puberty.
My dad's favorite people management maxim "You never ask anyone to do anything you are not willing to do yourself." Thus the muddy shovel. Wonder if donnie knows how to use a shovel for anything more strenuous than a ground breaking. I do!
My dad had a closet full of thousand dollar suits and muddy shovel in the back of the suburban the mechanics called the adobe wagon because it was so old and rusted out they had increased it weigh by all the bondo they used to smooth it out. The muddy shovel. "You never ask some
My dad never bought a new airplane. The one that came apart before he could turn it around and land it was 33 years old. He drove the oldest suburban on planet earth. Had a closet full of thousand dollar suits and a muddy shovel in the suburban the mechanics called the adobe
My dad and donnie's were clearly different people. My 1st job on the ranch riding drag on a herd of cattle. U end up smelling like the backside of the steer in front of you. My dad was on a bank board in Phoenix. On the National Cotton Council in Memphis. Never bought a new
@GOPChairwoman Perhaps we should retll Red Foxx's tale of the 2 conventions who showed up in his home town. One for folks who made frocks for expectant mothers &amp; 1 4 folks who soaked corks so they could be put in champagne bottles. Sounds like trumps cabinet to me.
@tribelaw Professor the US Attorney for the Southern District Of New York is someone trump put in there when he didn't like what Preet Bharara was doing and Joon Kim &amp; Mr. Berman seem not to be to concerned with what master trump wants. I guess trump doesn't get it. If there's  1 . . .
@peterbakernyt Mr. Baker how many expletives did Congresswoman Talib use? My drill instructor at Quantico back in the 70's used the F-word like a punctuation mark. I would call that "expletive laden". Ms Talib one MF hardly bears notice. You must be desperate for controversy.
@peterbakernyt @maggieNYT @npfandos when does the use of one MF constitute "expletive-laden"?
@ZekeJMiller @maggieNYT This former Marine Artillery Officer:only way 2 assure the Turks behave w/ respect 2 Kurds in Syria leave enough Marine &amp; Navy Forward Air Controllers embedded w/ the Kurds or train the Kurds &amp; leave a couple of carrier groups of the coast. The later should piss off the Turks.
@GOPChairwoman So if a man's vocabulary is daily filled with uncouth language and one person on the other side uses one such word he's a saint and she's not to be trusted. Reject such one-sided absurdities. When those in your house set the clean example we may independents &amp; dems may listen ?
@littlekate28 No I was referring to Pelosi.
@susanengel14 Lonestar is a John Sayles movie. Set in a Texas border town. Eagle Pass TX for the location. Sayles wrote/directed Nominated 4 a best original screenplay Oscar.  Chameleon Chris Cooper was the pivotal leading man. Kris Kristofferson a great villain. https://t.co/y3MHPso4jg
@CharlesPPierce Vinatieri likely lock.	Janikowski need to improve accuracy. How many place kickers are in.	Ray Guy is the only punter isn't he? Of course NASA should have recruited him.
@ChrisLu44 Unless my numbers are wrong, if trump keep this petulant preadolescent temper tantrum going for another 2 weeks that will be a month of 800,000 wages lost. Kind wipes out the last quarter of job growth doesn't it?
@susanengel14 If you've ever seen the movie "Lonestar" she could simply shift the accent from central Texas to New York or New Jersey (accents something she's a master of ) and switch the Dallas Cowboys jersey for a Dior or Lauren knock off.
@atrupar @morgfair Tell him to tell his president to clean up his vocabulary. Pot calls kettle black.
@JoyceWhiteVance @RickPetree Professor you use a word with which trump is not familiar "realize". Yes properly applied foreign aid can help. The Chinese realize the power of properly applied funds. They are using those methods in South America proper and Africa where they see profits  https://t.co/NEegFYF047
@RickPetree @BillKristol She would have made a good artillery officer. They are referred to as the masters of all combined arms. And there is a sign on the wall at Ft. Sill in Oklahoma, US Army's Artillery School, that says:"Artillery lends an air of dignity to what would otherwise be a vulgar brawl."
@RickPetree @BillKristol Yes, Will Rogers said that and it had to be b4 August 15, 1935. Because he and Wiley Post died in a plane crash in Alaska on that day. So no worries. Just Democrats being Democrats.
@RickPetree @BillKristol A Democrat is just like a baby. If it's  hollering and making a lot of noise, there is nothing serious the matter  with it. When it's quiet and doesn't pay much attention to anything,  that's when it's really dangerous.	Read more at https://t.co/lxSAyORKnF
@RickPetree @BillKristol I am not a member of any organized party -- I am a Democrat.	Read more at https://t.co/lxSAyORKnF
@hughhewitt @chuckschumer spend the money on things that work like more agents, better pay, and technology. Not some stupid wall that will likely only be useful as a monument to u stupid men and might attract tourist like hadrian's wall or the great wall of china. Both of which failed.
@hughhewitt @chuckschumer hey genius no less an expert on history and things like fixed fortifications (walls) than George S. Patton, Jr. said they were " monuments to man;s stupidity" guess he was talking about u. The dems will discuss "border security". Not useless walls. Get your facts straight genius.
@PreetBharara hey genius no less an expert on history and things like fixed fortifications (walls) than George S. Patton, Jr. said they were " monuments to man;s stupidity" guess he was talking about u. The dems will discuss "border security". Not useless walls. Get your facts straight genius.
And if it results in a scene like the last battle scene in Lawrence of Arabia where Lawrence called for no quarter for the Turks - too bad. What were the Turks who were supposed to be cleaning out ISIS doing fighting the Kurds.
With regard to syria. If we haven't trained Kurdish fighters to call in US Navy &amp; Marine Close Air Support we must. Especially  if we are removing any of our ground forces who know how. And if it result in a scene like the last battle scene in Lawrence of Arabia where Lawrence
@hughhewitt @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton It wasn't hsi idea genius. trump on camera took credit. end of story. And this ex-Marine ex-Republican (when Howard Baker &amp; Barry Goldwater were in the Senate) ain't no lefty. Put a sock in it.
@DrBronner @belindaofficial @HempHistoryWeek B4 it was banned &amp; b4 we couldn't afford 2 plant nitrogen fixing crops like alfalfa because it wouldn't cover the overhead, hemp was 1 of the in between crops we planted to work in after it was done 2 add fiber &amp; nitrogen to the soil. I think it is still used to make Manila Ropes
Another example of who was Sam Rayburn	https://t.co/NAEk9TK93f
@MSNBC Who was Sam Rayburn - https://t.co/R8qGV29kN8
@MSNBC I don't think the trump playpen occupants have yet come to grips with who they are dealing with. I think not only is Nancy P. the 1st speaker to come back to the job since Sam Rayburn she is the personally most powerful one since the man LBJ called "Mr. Sam"
@susanengel14 My favorite writer has become famous outside of Fl because he is so good at making people laugh &amp; think at the same time. Carl Hiaasen. Properly done making people laugh can insinuate the truth into their psyches much more effectively than serious dry facts. Like a nicotine patch
@susanengel14 The wife of one who is frighteningly adept at parody can play ivanka - Frances McDormand.
@susanengel14 The Cohen Brothers using the name of a movie that a movie mogul in one of Preston Sturges's movies "Sullivan's Travels" wanted to make but didn't means to me that they r aware of his work. Given their sick sense of humor-would be perfect to do the fall of the house of trump movie
@susanengel14 These days yes. But the last time we had an impeachable Republican President NO. The Republicans in the Senate: Goldwater &amp; Baker are as responsible for Nixon's exit as anyone. They put country over party. Not the people in charge on the republican side of the senate today.
@MSNBC An example of a super achiever who not only wants to help themselves but will help this country if allowed to fully exploit their talent, intelligence &amp; drive. I would rather he was back from Oxford &amp; running things from 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue instead of the dunce we have.
@shannonrwatts Unless all the law enforcement personnel responding to a shooter in a school situation knows all of the schools personnel on sight personally someone carrying a gun who is unknown to those law enforcement personnel is going to get shot. Dead teacher.
He said that the DuPont family set the weaker offspring up with trust funds and sent them on their way. Trying to avoid the kind of dynastic succession Warren Buffett has warned against and we see in the white house now. https://t.co/qDfhvQDJA0
Years ago I met a guy who had grown up in Delaware. He was trying to work and draw social security at the same time. He told me that the Duponts had long ago set up a system that weeded out the less than stellar offspring form running the company. He said that they put them out
@GershKuntzman @mattyglesias @AOC @NYDailyNews I believe it was the guy, Buffett from Omaha who said that it doesn't matter what the marginal tax rate is a good deal is a good deal. Also- Warren Buffett &amp; Ocasio Cortez agree- https://t.co/qDfhvQDJA0
@stuartpstevens You are correct about the republican house looking like an Eisenhower era board. Now if modern boards are smart they will get on the stick work to make themselves look like the other side of the house. Keep sounding the bell.
@GOLDCOUNCIL Yeah but if modern corporate boards are smart they will soon look like the other side.
@susanengel14 Hey "Chuck and Nancy". Not quite  the same ring as "Sid &amp; Nancy" but trump may soon think so.
@susanengel14 How many more rational republican senators do we need? There's a mind bender and tongue twister "rational republican". 3 or 4 more and mitch will have to bring the bill to the floor. With that many Chuck can stop the senate in its tracks.
@TwitterMoments They aren't that stupid.
@SpeakerPelosi I live in the next Congressional District north of you &amp; my zip failed on ur off. site. I will use this forum to 1st congratulate you on your return being the chief adult in the House. I watched a lot of your town hall. As this ex-Marine suspected. A true leader.
@susanengel14 She is not only a liar she's an idiot. Taking on the most well informed person in DC is, outside of trumps orbit, SUICIDE. As for her tweet after the meeting I used it to correct her. Given my 28 year up close and personal connection to the border.
@tribelaw Professor have you ever seen the movie that supposed made Preston Sturges an A-List director in Hollywood- "The Great McGinty"?	?
@tribelaw And when he's back to being citizen trump . . . let's ask the Cohen Brother and Frances McDormand to do the movie.
@JoyceWhiteVance They will find it about as easy as being put in a round room and being told to sit in the corner.
@RWPUSA @realDonaldTrump @JoeBiden Mister Biden may not use such a vocabulary. But I suspect, given his upbringing, he is more facile in such things than little lord flaunt leroy. My Texas grandmother could reduce her former merchant seaman &amp; cowboy husband to tears w/o using such. I can assure you  she knew how.
To paraphrase Tommy Flanagan yeah that's the ticket. donnie is the head Romper Room Reject.
@RBReich Can you imagine attorney general whitker trying to get a Justice Department lifer to defend this illegal act. They'd all look at him like he was some Romper Room reject who'd been drinking the KoolAid https://t.co/7jIZnj2QwV
@RWPUSA @realDonaldTrump @freep Serious case of the pot call the kettle black. And now he'd better get used to the idea that a particular woman's place is as head of the House-hold. BOHICA donnie.
@RWPUSA @realDonaldTrump @freep Regardless of whether despite her unfortunate choice of words they were accurate. In her case rookie mistake. In his case  a way of life unfit for the office he holds.
@tribelaw I suspect a large % of his base are seriously allergic to the government seizing their property for any reason. And if the less than supremes side with him on this they could conceivably lose whatever relevance they feel they had when they made that politically fatal mistake.
@carriesheffield Saw you on MSNBC. Get your fact straight: The only crisis at the border trump admin. created. Illegal immigration is down. Most drugs come thru ports of entry. Walls don't work w/o lots of people &amp; tech. We have asylum laws we need to follow. I grew up there.
@amyklobuchar @operasingerBB ACA must also have full negotiation rights. We do not need to be the cash cow of the world for huge multinational drug companies. They claim they need the money for research. But don't they spend most of it on advertising?
@maddow You like 2 fish. A little recreational reading for you. Nothing to heavy. Thomas McGuane's; Book of fishing essays "The Longest Silence" (the time between hook ups.) Sandra O'Connor-He &amp; Stegner didn't get along. Smell the mud hear the H20. Writes &amp; raises horses 2 fish
@riotwomennn @KamalaHarris @amyklobuchar My choice of Newsom, He;s run a city, he's running the 5th largest economy in world. Took on the city of SF running a wine bar, which &amp; some friends built into a multi-million dollar bus., Had rich friend growing up. Worked several job then 2 make ends meat. Scholarship athlete,
@riotwomennn @KamalaHarris @amyklobuchar Like that other midwestener Jimmy Stewart she projects an easy going demeanor. In Mr. Stewart's case- no body earns an architecture degree from Princeton, a pilots license while working LA, flied 40 bombing missions over Europe during WWII and is easy going, She is't either.
@riotwomennn @KamalaHarris @amyklobuchar No. But I do think we need Klobuchar in the wh. She reminds me of my 8th grade English teacher. In a debate trump would learn the operational difference between litigator clinton and Prosecutor Klobuchar. Stalk her on stage and end up on your knees.
@ddale8 @MalcolmNance Stream of unconciousness
@riotwomennn @KamalaHarris @amyklobuchar I would agree with you with regard 2 1 ur choices I live in CA &amp; can't vote for Harris for Pres. Senator Klobuchar most certainly. The only seriously liberal Democrat I could vote 4 pres w/ a clear conscience- Gavin Newsom. It would be fun to watch him humiliate trump in a debate
@tribelaw Professor are you into baseball? I am. And I am hoping that when Mueller releases his report, whether through normal channels or in response to a subpoena, that it contains what Don Drysdale would call plenty "chin music appreciation" for trump and his cabal.
@RashidaTlaib Not ontomly must we rise. We must continue the battle long after we have driven this group from power. We must for a more perfect union. America is not a place. Its an idea that must continue to evolve. We must strive to be that which we claim to be. trump is a symptom. no more.
The more I think about it the more convinced I am that donnie trumps problem was and is PUBERTY. It's a shock to lots of people. 2 donnie it was &amp; is traumatic. at onset the social side of his brain stopped developing.  He is probably emotionally incapable of learning anything.
@RashidaTlaib Congresswoman: 1st of all congratulations. With regard to impeaching trump. I find that all cultures have myths &amp; they are frighteningly similar. I refer 2 Macbeth. Forest hasn't encircled the castle yet. You folks in congress need 2 add 2 the shrubbery. Then maybe.
@Jim_Jordan congressman: when r u going 2 pay attention 2 facts: WALLS W/O LOTS OF  PEOPLE &amp; TECH BACKING THEM UP DON'T WORK. I grew up down there. 5 mi  to Baja &amp; 5 Mi to Sonora. See Map. U do read maps? Until Bracero  Prog killed we didn't lock shit. $ 4 tech &amp; people not walls.
@susanengel14 congressman: when r u going 2 pay attention 2 facts: WALLS W/O LOTS OF PEOPLE &amp; TECH BACKING THEM UP DON'T WORK. I grew up down there. 5 mi to Baja &amp; 5 Mi to Sonora. See Map. U do read maps? Until Bracero Prog killed we didn't lock shit. $ 4 tech &amp; people not walls.
@susanengel14 Congressman when are you going to pay attention to the facts. Walls w/o lots of people &amp; technology backing them up DON'T WORK. I grew up down there. When I was young your magnificent wall was 2 strands of barbed wire. And we didn't lock shit. Bracero Program killed problem began
@RepHuffman If some government employee has investments the have to sell to keep going and they take loss they had not planned on. If they have to take out a loan. We need to cover the interest. Those kind of things. Not just back pay. They really didn't bring this on themselves.
@RepHuffman Congressman: I grew up 5 miles from Baja &amp; 5 miles from Sonora. Southern Yuma Valley. We need a wall not at all. What we need is to cover more than back pay 4 all our govt. who trump is penalizing for his dumbness. We need 2 cover any unplanned 4 expense due to trump.
@washingtonpost trump is soon going to feel like he has the mange. He has no idea who Nancy Pelosi is. People want to pigeon hole her as a California liberal. Speaker Pelosi was working in politics long before she moved to CA. At very local level. He's playing checkers she's playing chess.
@SecNielsen @DHSgov You know Madam Secretary when I was 14I culled melons in a trailer starting @ 3AM. Too hot in afternoon. Working w last year of Baracero Program. Didn't lock shit. You might wall was 2 strands of barbed wire 30 inches high. Diplomacy not Demagoguery
@SecNielsen @DHSgov Even Lindsey Graham thinks your cancellation of The Family Case Management Program (FCMP) was in his words "stupid." Then you create a log jam and dump a bunch of innocent people on Customs &amp; Border Enforcement who has no means of dealing with it. Genius!
@SecNielsen @DHSgov As Jeh Johnson put it "solve the problems those folks are fleeing." Don't put huge concrete bandage on it that will only redirect the flow. https://t.co/iUCLwhjCLV
@SecNielsen @DHSgov Secretary a crisis you created. Numbers are down. And yet you want us to believe we're being overwhelmed. WRONG. Use proper methods. Spend the money a useless wall would cost on things that work. How am I so informed? Unlike you I spent th3 1st 28 yrs of my life down there.
@RickPetree we don't need another Dukakis or McGovern
@RickPetree became a fan of her pres when kavenaugh tried 2 intimidate her. His wilted then. &amp; if she makes it that far &amp; trump is still in the running &amp; is foolish enough to engage her in a televised debate, he will find out the difference btwn litigator clinton and prosecutor Klobuchar.
@RickPetree I know people wonder how can someone from Minnesota develop international chops. My guess Senator Klobuchar knows the CEO &amp; Board members of Cargill personally. And you don't get much more international than Cargill. I think they r down to only controlling 30% of worlds grain.
@RickPetree If the dems go in her direction. Not her specifically they will lose. Have 2 have the mid west. Coasts should be theirs. 2 deny trump electoral college they need 2 take  same mid western states they took in Nov. They have to forego what they want 4 how 2 win. Mid Mod Pres Prog VP
@chelseahandler @VicBullard Someone with the know-how might consider online commercials for "Trump Trash". Maybe Dan Aykroyd could write the spots ala his Bass-A-Matic commercials and stream them so its all trump sees. See if we can drive him the last mile to the looney bin.
@RickPetree Roger Ebert Agreed!
@RickPetree My favorite old comedy is "The Lady Eve" conniving, manipulative, beautiful, sexy, funny, smart, assertive Barbara Stanwyck with dark hair; Clueless rich socialite sucker Henry Fonda. Sexiest scene in movies ever Stanwyck laying love seat, Fonda on floor in front. Keep clothes on
@RickPetree Sturges is why we have comedies where everyone talks at once. And the Coen's thought so much of him the title of their Clooney movie "Oh Brother Where Art Though?" is the title of a movie Joel McCrea's character movie mogul Sullivan was gonna make but didn't in Sullivan's Travels
@RickPetree Sir are familiar w Preston Sturges? He has a movie somewhat on point here. "The Great McGinty"
@atDavidHoffman Perhaps you should ask the Freedom From Religion Foundation. An organization I plan to join. John Dingell's comments humorous. He tried to open a committee w a prayer fm his religion knowing it was different fm the more vocally religious members of his committee. 2 mk ur point.
@brianklaas What trump was running when he ran of president was sole proprietorship. To think  he could run something w more than a few outlets would be preposterous. His bankruptcy record is proof of that. Any sized town would require sharing management. Maybe Roy Bean's Jersey Lilly Saloon
@HuffPost Send them a copy of "Stand &amp; Deliver"
@Delavegalaw @RickPetree @chrislhayes That is not a question for us normies. I think for us he's crossed that "red line" long ago. The replicant claiming to be mitch mcconnell is the creature that must answer that.
@RickPetree This equates with Boris &amp; Natasha's "Fearless Leader"Inept, incompetent, bullying, mean, ignorant, and brazenly stupid.
Perception test 4 all of u who think a wall along our southern border would b a good idea. Go find a bare patch of dirt. Draw 2 circles in it. One is your ass. The other is a hole in the ground. Can you tell the difference?
Former DHS Secretary &amp; former border state Governor- AZ. Some experience that the wall idiots mostly don't have.
@RickPetree Isn't that where most of his ideas come from? That or fox or putin? All at the same soaring level. Right under the local sewer booms.
@Tarquin_Helmet I just found a notice that George Clooney is making a 6 part series out of the Catch 22.
@PamKeithFL Back in the 1970's James Michener wrote a book "Sports in America" about this very subject. Its even more relevant now. Top 100 programs in each sport pay their athletes.
@RJBarnes10 @mitchellvii The only boxer I ever saw who was as fast as Ali in his prime was past his prime, with all due respect to Ray Leonard. Ray Robinson. My grandfather taught me to box when I was 5. I spent Friday nights watching boxing. Watched Emile Griffith kill Bennie Paret. Referee's mistake.
@RJBarnes10 @mitchellvii I think Floyd Patterson said it best about Ali. "He just keeps coming." Had he not lost those years to the govt. I think he could have retired without staying too long at the fair. And I think Ali's left hook is why Liston stayed on his chair.
@lad_lew @DLeonhardt @MalcolmNance Yeah Fed's=Ali's right hand. State AG's=Ali's left hook. The real reason Liston wouldn't answer the bell. B4 he was stripped of his title by misguided govt. He was the most deceptively hard hitting boxer 4 his wt. in the bus. Hope state AG's likewise.
@RawStory @morgfair I'd give him 2 pennies in the bottom of a water glass.
@neeratanden @joanwalsh @NancyPelosi I grew up Southern Yuma Valley. My grandfather &amp; his siblings &amp; Canadian mining engineer father &amp; Italian mother were driven out SE Sonora B4 AZ was a state. B4 Bracero Program killed by unions never locked anything. Mighty fence =2 strands barbed wire. trump&amp;wall both useless.
@cornellbelcher You think maybe he read on a patch of Charmin?
@cornellbelcher It's ither putin or while sitting on the throne . . .
@TheBeatWithAri @MichaelSteele "Don't listen to what they say. Watch what they do." You ever hear anyone say that? Don't start thanking him for a bunch of hot air.
@IlhanMN You go Congress Woman!!!!
@PamKeithFL This is what I served in the Marines to make possible. The more diverse we are. The more creative we can be. The more interconnected we are. The more successful we become. And the more unstoppable we become. Boy Howdy!
@flyaway_k @joshscampbell What would Joseph Heller make of this presidency &amp; the republican in the senate?
@Tarquin_Helmet @TrueFactsStated @maddogpac What would Joseph Heller make of this presidency and the republican in the senate?
@Tarquin_Helmet @TrueFactsStated @maddogpac Maybe "out of my cold dead hand" heston can be their tour guide.
@flyaway_k @joshscampbell The only kind of General he would qualify 4.
@Tarquin_Helmet @TrueFactsStated @maddogpac If only?
@flyaway_k @joshscampbell General Section 8
@Stonekettle As you say: I wont be the wall that stops people. It will be all the patrols and technology around it. Like the old recipe for how to marinade a duck. One 5th of Jack Black 4 12 hrs. Throw away the duck drink the whiskey.
@TheRickWilson He won big, huh? He lost by 2,000,000 votes. Define win?
@TheRickWilson No Trigger was smarter than him.
@TheRickWilson Until the Bracero program was killed off you mighty border wall was 2 strands of barbed wire @ 30 inches high.
@mitchellvii Build your wall to the moon. As long as people feel the need they will figure out how to get around or under it. I grew up down there. Until the unions killed the Bracero program we didn't lock anything. Secure border depend on spending money wisely. U cite 1 that has worked?
@TheRickWilson Hey genius read "The Guns of August". The Germans went around in both wars. You can build 'your GD wall to the moon and if people want to come they will figure out how. And from what I hear we have more visa violators than people coming across the border down there.
New name for trump general section 8
@TheRickWilson fire watch ribbon.
@TheRickWilson general screw up. No compassion, no empathy, no knowledge of geography; of a hierarchical organization, as former friend US Marine Lt Troy would say, "no common experience." You see Lt Troy contended that it was "common experience" not common sense. trump has neither. Section 8!
@RickPetree Or maybe paraquat
It just dawned on me that Nancy P. has a secret weapon right here in the East Bay. Janet Napolitano. And once the ongoing audit of the UC system is complete she would make a pretty good witness. And audit will be done b4 the supreme court forces trump to release his tax returns.
@RickPetree Besides he clearly thinks Agent Orange is skin cream and loco weed is a garnish.
@RickPetree No - As Chauncey says "As long as the roots are not severed, all will eb well in the garden." This lunatic would use roundup for fertilizer.
@RickPetree Well,I think the dems can and probably will screw the 2020 election up. I think if they want to take back the Obama voters who voted 4 trump &amp; win the electoral college they need a compromise ticker. Klobuchar-Pres &amp; O'Rourke-VP 4 exam. They go too left I'll write in Alf Landon.
@RickPetree https://t.co/8g4MuO28ic
@RickPetree I suppose I'm asking what is mcconnel'ls excuse?
@RickPetree I'd rather have Chauncey Gardener in the wh.
@RickPetree Is mitch's senate majority seat worth the damage trump is doing to our overseas future.Not to mention to country as whole?
@jilevin And given his lack of knowledge re: anything else to do with defense . . .
@RickPetree He's not the problem. mcconnell &amp; co are.
@AltForestServ @morgfair I grew up on the edge of the Sonoran Desert. Our parent were sticklers about the expression "Take nothing but memories. Leave nothing but footprints." Sadly as we see all to often my fellow americans are slobs and too self indulgent to care.
@jilevin as Rachael puts it "watch what they do, not what they say." so far a lot of hot air. My grandmother grew up Missouri. Show me.
@HuffPost The General is being kind.
@HuffPost This ex-Marine thinks candidate bone spurs should sit on it.
@CharlesPPierce Some resistance . . . .
@adirado29 Yes, ans when will the workers stop drinking the koolaid.
mcconnell and the republicans need to wipe the shit off their faces. I doubt that it makes very good skin cream. Leader is a word that doesn't apply to you or trump. master mcconnell I would suggest you change the title of your twitter page from leader mcconnell 2 lackey mcconnel
Reminder: I ma neither a republican or Democrat. And the only individuals i am hearing anythign about in Dc who are acting like leaders have the word Democrat after their names. trump is acting like the spoiled, petulant, 7th grade school yard bully he is, mcconnell and the
@BillKristol @SykesCharlie Yes. But who will play the Joseph N. Welch role?
@renato_mariotti @MScottMiller59 Obviously these republicans are great??????? managers and leaders???? not.
@FinancialReview @MalcolmNance @StanMcChrystal @realDonaldTrump Yes Sir!
@realDonaldTrump As if you have any clue?
@ginajellybeana7 @MScottMiller59 I think we should give them what they claim to want. No socialism.
@MalcolmNance As if candidate bones spurs would have any clue, duh?
@brycetache Happy New Year Sir. And to all of your assembled group. Near and far.
@JoyceWhiteVance Professor: To call those people "leaders" insults real leaders. There are no Howard Bakers in this mass of groveling slime.
@JillWineBanks @JoyceWhiteVance The Great Wall of China &amp; Hadrian's Wall had massive armies. Hadrian at least hadn't counted on the seductive power of Celtic women. Imagine Salma Hayek in "From Dusk Til Dawn" How do you say "were not worthy" in Latin? Thank u Wayne Campbell.
I expect history will blame mitch mcconnell &amp; senators calling themselves republicans And I expect trump to try to get away with his criminal behavior and internationally destructive behavior by claiming to have the mental capacity of a 12 yr old.
My 1st comment for the New Year: ONLY CROOKS HOLD HOSTAGES - mitch. Yes you -mitch. Our petulant self absporbed child in the white house would not even consider holding hostages w/o your blessings. BTW I'm neither republican or Democrat. Al Capone owned Cook County. trump owns u
@JakeSherman Most of us have been told no way more than yes.
@JakeSherman Haven't you ever when bullies in school were always getting their way they never varied their methods. No learning taking place.. Then when someone backed them down they were lost.
@JakeSherman In order to get him to do all the nuances some real adult would have to spend the entire time with him in the private quarters. Leading him around by the nose. Apparently no one is THAT COMMITTED to him.
@JakeSherman Do you remember when you in Jr High and someone told you to do something because it would make you look important or caring to someone you wanted to impress (in trumps case his base). But they didn't explain beyond "do this" none of the details. He's never had this problem b4.
@JillWineBanks @JoyceWhiteVance The walls trump touts as working all had or have lots of fiepower backing them up. It wasn't the wall that kept East Germans in. It was guard towers and machine guns. If trump wants that all the way along the border and if he's so damn rich let him pay 4 out of his own pocket.
@MichaelSteele And Lindsey Graham has become a metaphor for what used to be a senator. I sometime think all his tough talk when Senator McCain was alive a later in life form of having a big brother who will do your real fighting for u.
@67jewelCDH His base wont desert him. To some he's all they have.
@LouiseMensch Did they ever definitively prove that Ms Borden did it? Kinda like Winnie Ruth Judd in Phoenix
@TrueFactsStated Edmund Burke &amp; Howard K. Smith would agree.
@JohnWDean The only true genius to ever be president. John Wilkes Booth did more damage to the south than all the blue jackets in the Union Army.
@NormOrnstein Perhaps we should start using the gallows at the Old Yuma Territorial Prison Again. If memory serves they are visible from Main Street in Downtown Yuma https://t.co/IF6Yzu6jNO
@NevadaJack2 @wingfoot44 You have personal knowledge of this?
@RobinWr45516677 Not completely.
@RWPUSA Do the republican have the bodies, ifevery one of them voted for it, to pass dumb ass trumps border wall funding? If they do why can't the just do it?
@KPNatsFan Which baseball Gods?
@joncoopertweets When he took the oath office.
I'll tell you why the difference. Obama's immigration policies, under  the same laws on the books as trump, were more humane. His policies did  not burden Customs and Border Enforcement as much with things they were  not equipped to handle.
Congressman Peter King should be ashamed of himself.  He apparently said that what's the big deal only a couple of kids died in over a decade of people being Customs and Border Enforcement custody. Cavalier sir. 2 in short order under trump &amp; none under Obama. Why the difference?
@Gdad1 @ReginaldALawso1 My question is: When is mitch mcconnell gonna get off his ass &amp; tell Nancy P to send hm the bills for impeachment and he'll see to it b4 breakfast?
@JillWineBanks @MalcolmNance Why does he seem to almost always use words that would make more sense applied to him. Especially in this case?
@LindseyGrahamSC Hey senator, the last time I looked she was backed by a majority of the American People. Not just democrats. FYI I am neither a democrat or a republican. I grew up almost sitting on the border and know from history WALLS DON'T WORK.
@MichaelSteele Sir, you need to take your routine onto SNL. Happy Holidays.
@BetoORourke Mr O'Rourke (Cont'd) if one wants to see what happens to a stretch of water that could have been the setting for "Life on the Mississippi" when customs &amp; border enforcement gets ahold of it, one only need look at the land between Morelos Dam &amp; San Luis, Son. Clear fields of fire.
@BetoORourke Mr. O'Rourke: Igrew up 5 miles from Baja &amp; 5 Miles from Sonora at the corner of County 20th &amp; Avenue F in southern Yuma Valley. Until the unions killed the Bracero Program  we never locked anything.  The might border fence was 2 strands of barbed wire @ 30" high. (To be contd)
One more example of proof that turds don't have brains - trump
@BillWeirCNN @riotwomennn I believe any legislation aimed at making these folks whole has to include wording that also assure them that any losses they incur or taxes they have to pay that trump and the legislature caused will also be covered.
@BillWeirCNN @riotwomennn Assuring them will get paid is not enough. Some people who r fortunate enough 2 have investments may need to liquidate some of those investments to pay bills&amp; keep the lights on. They may incur losses, or taxes being forced 2 sell due to events beyond  their control to keep going
@ABC But of course makes perfect sense. And many more surely.
are jointly responsible these  possible additional liabilities in the form of  unanticipated interest or tax liabilities shouldn't they be on the hook for making sure these fine are not left holding these bags 4 consequences which they had nothing to do with causing.
some having to borrow to make ends meet and pay mortgages or they may have to liquidate investments incurring tax liabilities. And since trump and the legislature are jointly responsible these possible additional liabilities in the form of not previously anticipated interest or
The government employees who are not getting paid are the victims in this pissing contest. And beyond the interminable delay in getting there is the potential for some having to borrow to make ends meet and pay mortgages or they may have to liquidate investments incurring tax
shows how insecure this tough guy is.
Where little donnie's priorities are. https://t.co/gmIErfKBgC
@NewYorker @backyardsage "D Plane! D plane!"
@JoeNBC Belated congratulations. Happy Holidays &amp; KEEP YOU DAY JOB!
I had a classmate in high school who's family spoke Spanish in the home who refused to take Spanish as a foreign language on his way to college, because he said, "I already know how to speak Spanish" He took French. He also graduated #4 in our class of over 300 students.
I believe is we are going to raise the standard of living south of our southern border, until some other language becomes the standard language of business internationally an English only requirement in all our schools especially those close to the border is a must. I had a
When I was going to elementary school within 10 miles of the border the school had a strict English only rule about what language must be spoken in class. English as a 2nd language was tried out later. I don't know what the rule is now. But I believe if we are going to help raise
@Twitter Why tech companies have such narrow ways of helping your clients fix problems. My actblue account is blocked and since I currently have no smart phone and you don't like my landline I cannot respond to their inquiries since they like you are customer service challenged.
@RBReich The private citizen trump is the one profiting. He can solve that problem by paying them himself. Unless, it's all a lie. Imagine that. And he's not really all that rich. It's really uncle vladimir's ill gotten gains.
@JuliaEAinsley I'm not a doctor/don't play one TV. I think little boy who recently died dwn on border, died of Hanta virus &amp; caught it in custody.  Grew up 5 mi fm Sonora/Baja. Symptoms similar 2 cold or flu. few yrs ago people died of it near 4 corners. Pass by rodent droppings
@actblue Why is my account blocked and why do you make it so hard to contact you?
@Goss30Goss @bjcreigh I'm not a democrat. But I know none who don't want strong borders. I grew up 5 miles from Mex in 2 directions. Until the end of the Bracero Program we never locked anything. I say spend money on security where it will actually do good. Mostly at ports of entry. Work on diplomacy.
1. My guess is the young man who recently died in customs and border protection, died if Hanta Virus contracted in a border patrol &amp; dhs facility	https://t.co/SbjCG34ff9	Rodent droppings &amp; urine People are more vulnerable if their immune system is compromised.
Given the republican party, that used to crow about their superiority with regard to foreign relations &amp; US international security is the one aiding &amp; abetting this this lunatic makes i tmore likely that those overseas who used to trust will be a lot less trusting in the future.
with no real understanding of the reality of international relations and a delusional view of things art home and abroad. And if it happened once it can happen again. America will have to spend decades rebuilding the trust peoples and nations around the world have had in us. If
If I am one of our former allies whether a nation like Great Britain or a stateless group like the Kurds, I would no longer implicitly trust the US. We have elected a boastful, narcissistic, misogynistic, racist, coward of a creature with the emotional development of a 7th grader
@IShallResist @lillithadams1 @JuliaDavisNews Hey they might do us a favor. Wholesale impeachment without the bother.
I think I have finally figured out who trump really is. He's Bolt the wonder dog on human form. And he thinks hes still on the drawing board. https://t.co/Cis1R203yK
Happy Holiday Madame  RBG. And since my 100 yr. grandmother referred to herself as girl and thought like one. You go girl!!!	One note trump would still be inn intensive care. https://t.co/DpVOzd3jqA
@Kasparov63 Mr. K: We can't expect2 much from new democracies where none existed b4. The mostly European/English colonists who drove the revolution, signed Declaration of Independence, Article of Confederation,&amp; the current Constitution had bn exposed 2 democracy in some from for 550 yrs.
@lillithadams1 @JuliaDavisNews Judging by their treatment of the Aral Sea they would screw up faster than we can.
With regard to trumps foreign policy. He should not view this as a game of risk or battleship. And relying on Miller and Kuschner is like a heart surgeon relying on  the recptionist at the front door of the hospital to guide their scalpel.
Reality check: Small former dairy farmer's cautionary tale having to quit farming.	https://t.co/CvmLjb0t1W
@nazani14 @JuliaDavisNews It has to do with magnitude. Shall I spell it out. The point being if Krakatoa couldn't reverse the currents nearby a human bomb is going to have little effect. Besides a tsunami is a rise in the water level not a change on current direction.
@nazani14 @JuliaDavisNews You're missing the point. It blacked out the entire earth;s atmophere. If Yellowstone goes off you wont have to worry You'll be dead.
@JuliaDavisNews This would probaby reinvigorate M.A.D.
@JuliaDavisNews Besides, given the air flow around the earth. Such ab explosion up around Britain would likely deposit enough fall out on Europe and Asia to wipe out every living thing on the combined continent. russians too.
@JuliaDavisNews If Krakatoa could  not reverse the Gulf Stream I don't think humans have the means to reverse it. Probably more than likely a result how our planet fits in the sun's orbit. I realize that putin and his mutt lap dog trump both have irrational egos. But please. Maybe in the Onion.
@RepSwalwell @joncoopertweets @realDonaldTrump Representative, you're being rational. trump has no time for rational. Happy Holidays.
@EvelynNFarkas And remember people: "Every time a bell rings, an Angel gets his wings!" Which I think should be changed their wings. Happy Holidays. However you celebrate joy.
@nytpolitics @RickPetree His tariffs are more to blame. I suppose all his investments are on ARM.
@EvelynNFarkas I'm 67 soon to 68 and I believe in both. Santa is in most of us.
@CandiceRoyer @Daniel_00000007 Klobuchar Pres	Beto VP
@politico Article suggests: mitch mcconnell &amp; federalist society( ironic they would call themselves that when the primary authors of the Federalist Papers were big govt advocates, were they not?) are willing to sell this country down the river nationally &amp; internationally 4 a few judges.
@jdawsey1 Compare that the visit to the hospital by Obama wearing a Santa hat. No comparison. Happy Holidays
@RebeccaBuck @BryanLowry3 You think the disgrace he's talking about is the fact that a criminal family less ept than the Coreleones is inhabiting the wh?
@Mindpollution3 @slater_rose @rnlynn1958 @helper2 @bigapple410 @corinne_locher @FabregasMarlene @thomasgunnar @Gram247 @WendyTruong3 @BarkinDavid @JohnGra96557093 @Birdle2963 @ruffedge @S_A_Malcolm @OneProudAmerica @AshTodd4 @PatriciaMillin @kneadinghands @liddabird @mebeandreaaolco @WHurensohn @debbz8 @RichardASalas3 @Try_Facts_Libs @KLinduff @madnessIImethod @Sparblack1213 @candktoo @KarenPe95911585 @KungFunny_ @IvanDeploravich @KungFunny @JromeroRaymond @MarkPor72434214 @JosephRadmacher @ShineSalty @ColleenKenney11 @lifesnothard @peabodypress @shmeggley @KeithOB224 @Ron92211 @clintonhill889 @CapnOveur @MAGAwithme @A__Stout @MakeNEGrrAgain @leva_luney @realDonaldTrump A few years ago I was getting off the highway following 2 Highway Patrol cruisers. They drove past Starbucks, went an extra block, left across the gas station parking lot that divided the eastbound lanes we were on from the westbound, across the westbound lanes &amp; into Peet's.
@MSNBC Sounds like we should include a new trio after Tinker to Evers to Chance. Smoot to Hawley to Trump. And the beat goes on!
@robreiner Kind of like Ned Beatty's home in that Walter Matthau &amp; Glenda Jackson movie "Hopscotch".
@robreiner Mr. Reiner. I have faith in the chain of command. Somebody after baby trump (however emotionally undeveloped he may be) has to give the follow on orders. &amp; somebody has to launch. We arrange to evacuate Mar a Lago then have the Florida part of the AirForce Blow it off the planet.
@robreiner Happy Holidays, Sir! Keep up the fight.
@robreiner I think he's  yrs old. 2 yr olds haven't yet been corrupted.
@WSJ From this former non-combat Marine: The removal of our forces from Syria means the man in the white house is abandoning our friends. The immediate burden is on you to make the move as painless as possible for our/your friends but history will judge him harshly.
@maggieNYT @JeffreyGoldberg @fstockman Mr. Gandhi's simple message and his methods of demonstrating it was largely responsible for India today being the world's most populated democracy. He knew violence would not work. The British Military in India though weakened by war was still too powerful.
@maggieNYT @JeffreyGoldberg @fstockman I was old enough to understand what was going on when Dr. King was assassinated. He was following the methods of Mohandas Gandhi. The legislation LBJ signed was due largely to the work of Dr. King's organization. He ketp his message simple.
@maggieNYT @JeffreyGoldberg @fstockman Ladies now is not the time to seek to excommunicate those who helped found your movement. You are a long way from reaching "the promised land" on either topic Women;s Rights or Racism.
@maggieNYT @JeffreyGoldberg @fstockman What is the issue(s) the Women's Rights or Racism? If it is Racism then include that in the org's name. Otherwise your squabbles will only turn the rest of us off.
@Zziporrah These ladies need to learn that message is stronger all groups of women are involved. You start diluting your message w/ factionalism &amp; a lack of transparency people lose interest. If these young ladies are going to make it only 4 those of color they change the name.
@CHURCHLADY320 @adirado29 @CanisPundit @joncoopertweets @fawfulfan @90bristolcourt @cantcu @TheRightImageLV @DrCoopDaScoop @cf_carl @JohnSmithChgo @Monstercoyliar @ChrisJZullo Ditto, to what CHURCHLADY320 said!
@jonallendc Another parallel with the Nixon Administration. I believe that Earl Butz's #2 at Ag was Cargill McMillian. On leave from his job as CEO of Cargill Inc. While he was there we sold so much grain to russia Senator Henry "Scoop" Jackson referred to it as "the great grain robbery."
@maggieNYT @JeffreyGoldberg @fstockman So sad. I think the use of the Nation of Islam for security for the women's march is a mistake akin to the Rolling Stones choice of security for their Altamont Concert.
@jonallendc Former Republican when Howard Baker was in it. Registered Independent. Won't vote$ sanders, O'Rourke, harris (my senator),  or booker 4#1. democrat-&gt; O'Rourke in the #2 spot. But #1 needs to be Biden or a lady from Minnesota who has not declared. Chill out bernie.
@jonallendc @aseitzwald I'm not a democrat or republican. But my expectation is that neither sanders or O'Rourke will be the party's nominee. However, I believe O'Rourke has a batter chance of scoring well And would make a much better head of state. Back off bernie.
@tedlieu @realDonaldTrump Having been screwed over by people much closer to me than "elected" officials in DC, I don't pay much attention to what you say. I am more inclined to paraphrase Rachael: "What you do (collectively)." There are 535 people in DC who are as far I am concerned are do nothings.
@kelly2277 @shit_reviews From what I understand there are devices used by people who want to tag birds that are basically guns that fire nets into the air. Could these be deployed around airports?
@shit_reviews @kelly2277 who goes to a sporting event with a roll of toilet paper?
@ReginaldALawso1 Jacob Marley would be an improvement.
@PhilipRucker If you haven't already you need to watch "Seven Days in May" and "A Face in the Crowd"
@tedlieu Congressman people can also donate to The North Valley Community Fund and the Toys for Tots branch in Butte County.
@AllanPa79948207 @ReginaldALawso1 @timmyturmoil I will believe it when he and pence and his 3 adult children are all in some iron bar hotel and all wearing orange jumpsuits for photo ops and trump inc. has gone the way of BCCI.
@cherylmaki44 @ReginaldALawso1 @realDonaldTrump Spend some of it on the school districts in the more rural parts of the three states bordering Mexico. Spread the virus of education and the US way of doing things.Kids who come across the border 2 go to school should be infected with it. And those who can't afford it should b 2.
@tedlieu @realDonaldTrump Whoever this guy is he will probably start to think of himself as the 436th House member and I suspect the miner are already digging up the dirt on him. His career post trump will probably resemble Clifford Irvin's.
@cherylmaki44 @ReginaldALawso1 @realDonaldTrump The money that would be spent to build a useless wall could be spent on more efficient major ports of entry to include more agents and gates. Improve conditoons at places like Tecate/Campo, CA ] &amp; Lukeville., AZ
@davidabenner @renato_mariotti Yes, and apparently he thought she should be Mrs. Rehnquist, but John O'Connor had that something extra. Too bad Bill.
@gpmiami @christinawilkie @JoeNBC You're welcome. Happy Holidays. One request  .  . .  don't eat too much?
@mrpmcd @LailaLalami @MalcolmNance If Memory serves, Doug Sanders lost the US Open at Congressional for signing an inaccurate scorecard.
@LailaLalami @MalcolmNance I hope he shoots a 10 on every hole every day.
@jilevin Mr. Obama has continued to lead by example since the White House. If Santa had a few million more elves like him there would be a lot less pain in this world. That image of that young lady with the glasses hugging him like he was some long lost uncle. Maybe he's everybody's uncle
I guess that's two problems. Isn't it?
But there is a problem with asking scientists to create an Artificial Stupid System to explain trump. The acronym and the fact that trump's form of stupid is not artificial.
We keep hearing all these stories about the advances of Artificial Intelligence or AI. Can these same researchers create a system of Artificial Stupid as well. Or is trump maxing that out all on his own.
@mitchellreports We are living through a flesh and blood version of "The Ransom of Red Chief". Except the kidnappers refuse to send "Red Chief" home. But in this telling I think Red Chief needs to go to jail 1st.
If most of the drugs are coming through the ports of entry, beef up the ports of entry. More agents. More technology. WALLS DON'T WORK.
The solutions. Yes solutions, plural, are not as simplistic as some dumb wall. They are multifaceted, long term, and much more complex than a rank mean spirited simpleton like trump can comprehend. help with the problems that these other people are fleeing. if most of the drugs r
Accept that as long as people perceive that they can escape violence or other problems her that they have there, they will come and some dumb useless wall wont stop them. Spend whatever money you were going to spend onthat stupid wall on better solutions.
Until trum's people started forcing asylum seekers to cross away from major ports of entry or to go to out of the way 1's w/ inadequate facilities like where that little girl died numbers of illegal crossings were trending down. Accept that as long as people feel they can escape
Thing I know: Walls don't work for keeping people out;	Things pretty sure of: Illegal crossings were trending down until trump's Homeland Sec started forcing asylum seekers to cross that way or to go to out of the way places with inadequate facilities like the one where that
@TrueFactsStated I'm hearing rumblings of Pence's being charged with perjury.
@tribelaw Is Mattis another Marshall?
@tribelaw Best book on international relations I've read"The Most Noble Adventure". Stalin built the wall after George C. Marshall made as speech at Harvard. Arthur Vandenberg pushed the legislation thru congress and Will Clayton took the organization and made it go. The Marshall Plan
@LindseyGrahamSC senator graham just how much impact other than imported car part do imports or immigrants legal/otherwise have on your home state. I bet both the state I'm from and the one I live best urs. You repubs r like the Marx Bothers &amp; their Bar Mitzvah speeches. They all used the same 1
@RickPetree @harrygod @SenSchumer Ditto. No Mon No Fun Too Bad Soo Sad. Not one peso.
@bluegigi @LindseyGrahamSC And you guys don't wait to get to sea. Right from the still.
@TopherSpiro @TrueFactsStated I'm not a democrat and I don't play on on tv. But vote for Speaker Pelosi holding more than thr Speakers Gavel. The other items have probably shriveled by now.
@renato_mariotti The preconceived notion that a test score is all important in the right situation may be as wrong as a woman can't be a successful lawyer no matter how well she does in law school. Her real world experience in legislature surely shaped her decision processes in DC.
@renato_mariotti I think the example of Sandra Day O'Connor might be instructional here. Yes, she graduated second in her Law School class but the deck was stacked against her. She(Repub) end up leading the AZ state senate. Gov Babbitt(Dem) couldnt get any thing past her. So he put her on bench.
@renato_mariotti I had a classmate @ UC Davis B-School who I'm sure probably got every question right all standardized tests but was serious hobbled when trying to connect with people. Mr Hogg has no such social challenge.
@tedlieu @realDonaldTrump Any petulant self absorbed 12 yr old at the onset of puberty would understand.
@tedlieu @realDonaldTrump Use only Monopoly Money
@ChevroletFC In 53 year work life: 1 boss who retired as a Marine Lt. Gen, 1 who was colonel, 1 who raised output every period w/o increasing people; one tall blonde beautiful dynamo who was best salesperson in bldg. Macy's moved 2 NY. Took care of her people. Played sports thinks like coach.
@FrankPallone mr. pallone why are you acting like a dog in the manger? I didn't vote for Mr. Khanna. not my dist. But if you block his and Senator Klobuchar's bill. How can you expect help from either of them in the future? I'll use capital letter on your name if you earn them.
@RoKhanna @amyklobuchar @FrankPallone I guess hes more into his own ego than accomplishing things. I have always heard that there is no end to what you can accomplish if you don;t care who get the credit. He sounds like dog in the manger to me.
@BillOReilly master oreilly. I would be careful the lady may outlive you. And if she does, she will likely be instrumental in giving several bad months. Hope all you find this holiday season is coal ash in your stocking.
@unfit2serve It's been eyars. But my boss's boss at World Savings moved to you region of Nevada. All know is that he likes to skis and they moved "near Mt. Rose"	Happy Holidays!!!
@unfit2serve Where in Nevada. North, South, East, West? Jack Pot?
@wingfoot44 Most of the drugs come though the ports of entry. Spend a lot of that money there. Spend money helping to slowly improve the conditions in Central America, that we helped to create. Happy Holidays!
@wingfoot44 Though it's been years since I've been down there I think I probably have a clearer idea than most people who don't live down there. I spent most of the 1st 28 years of my life w/i 5 miles of both Sonora &amp;Baja. Get rid of the self absorbed intentionally ignorant racist in charge.
@wingfoot44 Spend the money the wall would cost on proper facilities. Reception centers with the kind of medical facilities Angel Island in SF Bay and Ellis Island had. Go back to catch and release.  Don't tear apart small border communities as they have already done in TX for the fence.
@hughhewitt @chuckschumer I hope the relevant state AG's have trump's 3 adult children wearing orange jumpsuits before the 2020 election rolls around. That should send him straight to a padded cell somewhere. Or maybe one with mirrors on all 6 surfaces.
@hughhewitt @chuckschumer You wish. Mr. Hewitt why do you republican pundits who supposedly don;t work for fox still keep trying to make trump seem rational. I'm a former Marine and a former Republican when the party included people like Howard Baker. Trump needs to be in jail. Not the wh.
There is no bankruptcy way out for the President of the United States.
As far as trumps business talents, Back in the days of typewriters there was an old joke. "If you took all the typewriters in the world and paired them up with all the monkeys, the monkeys would EVENTUALLY write all the great books". EVENTUALLY?
@Dangchick1 @Daniel_00000007 My next door neighbor and I disagree on a lot of things but we seemingly want the same person for Pres in 2020 and it isn't one of the horse in the race so far.
This hs to be shared:		https://t.co/kagoaVhHz9
@enespacio https://t.co/rAPIYSd5fq
@RepSwalwell https://t.co/WmA5IeKSDn
@TwoBroadsTalk @brycetache Presence of mind. A role model for us all. Since my paternal grandmother was of a similar mental and emotional makeup at 100-not politically Winning bridge games vs women 1/2 her age &amp; getting bored.  And was referring to herself as a girl I will say to the Justice "You go Girl!"
@GlennKesslerWP Love your Doonesbury cartoon. Stick them all together and let the astronauts walk to Mars.
@PhxWilliamD @JudyCorso @joncoopertweets @TheDemCoalition Give him a standard issue entrenching tool and have him dig a fill in a full two man fox hole every day .Rain or shire. 12 months out of the year. In what I suspect to be pretty gravelly soil that should be nearly impossible.  Like Sisyphus and the rock, Hold the eagle.
RT @ReneeLibby2: Please RT. Please donate if you can. https://t.co/FJSFDIxtPT
@RepSwalwell Congressman I am a former Marine living in East San Rafael. I guess we have to hope that the commanders in the various services remember what we all taught early in our training we have a duty to disobey a clearly illegal order.  In any even Happy Holidays.
This image is supposedly from a recent scan of trump's brain. 	Found it on the internet. https://t.co/l6kDjgPhfp
@PhxWilliamD @JudyCorso @joncoopertweets @TheDemCoalition Besides it would be a great place for forced detox.
@SheilaS79852110 @joncoopertweets @TheDemCoalition Don't they would notice. Unless he stepped on one of the several species of rattlesnakes there. You have a better place?. I hope he likes the sound of 4 legged coyotes at night. Imagine this guy who claims 2 know so much about the border didn't understand @ the 2 legged kind.
@PhxWilliamD @JudyCorso @joncoopertweets @TheDemCoalition Oh I suspect we'd put him an MRE diet. No chemicals. Not even booze.
@walterdellinger maybe being a provable fool is a qualification from now on, with Mattis gone, for working for trump?
@dcbigjohn Maybe we should introduce him to some 2 legged ones and ask them to lose him some place south of Chiapas.
@DrBronner @belindaofficial @HempHistoryWeek And if worked into the ground makes great mulch.
@TopRopeTravis @brycetache @davidhogg111 @Harvard You go dude!!!! Keep up the good work on your personal front 1st and the national one 2. Happy Holidays. Stay healthy.  The best to all of you and your colleagues and family.
@TwoBroadsTalk @brycetache Kind of a long distance metaphorical rectal exam for trump sans Novocaine for him. Up 2 the elbow maybe.
@TwoBroadsTalk @brycetache That's why she's notorious!!!!!!
@JudyCorso @joncoopertweets @TheDemCoalition I don't understand what you mean. Those buildings were probably there when that was private property. The refuge was established in 1939. I doubt that anything will happen to them unless they get hit by a meteor. Any limo on those roads would probably have 2 b a modified Humvee.
@SenatorTomUdall Senator: You probably know my "little" brother. I grew up south of Yuma. 5 mi fm Sonoma &amp; 5 mi fm Baja. Until Bracero Program killed by unions the might border wall was 2 strands of barbed wire and we never locked anything. George S. Patton &amp; I agree with you.
In honor of trumps holiday season govt shut down I wish we could send Ivanka, Junior, and Eric to jail. on Dec 24th. No Bail until daddy calls off  the shut down.
@WalshFreedom @Daniel_00000007 I grew up down there. As long as people feel they need to be here they will come your wall will be as effective as the expression goes "tits on a boar hog." They will find another way in. Help solve the issues on the outside of the border. Not easy. Otherwise get used 2 pressure
@JakeSherman Does this mean he's afraid of him he should be. But I think my new Governor Elect, Gavin Newsom would pose a bigger threat. His business succeeded. I don't remember any bankruptcies. He was marrying gay couples when he was SF mayor b4 legal. Grew up without a lot of money.
@MichaelSteele @RepSwalwell My grandfather's family (an English Canadian mining engineer &amp; his wife of Italian origin) were driven out of southern Sonora b4 AZ was a state. Mitt Romney's dad  George was born in Mexico. Like my grandfather George. My Geo. had to quit school in elementary school to help $.
@MichaelSteele @RepSwalwell Of course the uninformed people who want that useless wall are the same one, more than likely, who don't want us helping our neighbors solve their problems. Especially if it includes moving jobs down there and raising the standard of living.
@MichaelSteele @RepSwalwell Mr. Steele: I may have told you this b4 but I grew up 5 mils from both Baja &amp; Sonora. Until Caesar Chavez &amp; the AFL-CIO killed off the Bracero Program the mighty border wall was 2 strands of barbed wire @ 30" high. &amp; We didn't lock anything. Solve the problems they r fleeing .
@MichaelSteele @RepSwalwell 1st of all Sir Happy Holidays. You r being less kind. The child in charge is a spoiled 12 yr old school yard bully. You &amp; I both know our immigration problem will continue as long as people on the other side of the border feel it is worth the risk &amp; a wall wont stop them.
@marcorubio I'm not arguing against border security. But technology and information gathering are better deterrents than a wall. Solve the problems that make people flee. As long as people feel the need to be here they will get here. Build wall2 moon they wont stop coming.
@marcorubio I grew up down there. 5 miles from both Baja/Sonora, Until the bracero program ended we did not lock anything. The mighty border wall 2  strands of barbed wire @ 30 inches high. Walls don't work. The  #' have been trending down. Diplomacy &amp; economic aid in Cent  Am. Not wall
@JakeSherman @christinawilkie I am neither a democrat or republican. Used 2 be a republican when they had honor and did their jobs. If this bunch people in dc calling themselves republican ahd done their jobs to this point this would not be happening. So I say no wall.
@JudyCorso @joncoopertweets @TheDemCoalition don't ruin what?
@Silence17Dogood @Ourmanflint1 @harrygod @realDonaldTrump Wall fiends, probably don't live near any immigrants fm down south, legal or otherwise, probably have never read "The Guns of August". In both wars the Germans simply went around France's fixed fortifications. As long as people feel a need 2 be here will get here. Wall or no.
@susanengel14 new theme song for trump	https://t.co/y61MiE2ZMO
@susanengel14 No air conditioning. 110 3pm temps inm summer. no shade. No heat ground level temps below 32 in winter. Yes it freezes in the desert.
@susanengel14 I don't think there's any cell service other than satellite cell service out there. The road is probably Border Patrol drag road.Grave at best. More likely just sand.  Can b smoothed out to check for footprints.
capital idea!!!!!!! https://t.co/pVXkQKuc4S
@joncoopertweets @TheDemCoalition And here's the ideal retirement home for him on the Cabeza Prieta Wildlife Refuge in S. AZ. https://t.co/GPmpnpqYei
@susanengel14 I have a retirement home in mind for trump. It's on the Cabeza Prieta Wildlife refuge. Just a few miles north of the border in Southern AZ. https://t.co/czlGKCcz21
@Ourmanflint1 @harrygod @realDonaldTrump 3 examples of walls that failed:	1. Great Wall of China;	2. Hadrian's Wall;	3. Berlin Wall ( Machine gun post more deterrent than wall).
@Mega_Pixls @25 If you were @ North Is. you'll know where these places r. 1st time I saw rigid sail on a boat. Eating lunch @ Harbor House. There's this stick leaning back &amp; forth over in front of North Is. docks. Turns out. It's Dennis Connor's exp Catamaran 75' lng 50'beam 110 ft mast. weird!
@Mega_Pixls @25 Baseball is my favorite sport. my father's brother-in-laws brother. Was head Basketball coach at AZ State 4 like 25 yrs. Taught me to play it. Tossed me the ball said throw it how it feels comfortable. Ditto the bat. All other sports I had to learn 2 play right taught myself left
@mjfree @TNodine2017 We're gonna have to send his kids to jail. Then he will kill off the Mueller probe then SDNY will test Justice Dept memo no prosecution of sitting pres. He will get cell next to them. so much for memo. John Robert backs memo at risk of marginalizing his court.
@Mega_Pixls For those macho drug store cowboys out there. My mom was best shot w/ 45 ever saw tangerine sized group @25 yds. Cute freckle faced petite brunette fm west TX 148 out of 150 possible on rifle range at basic school.  Thank you 4 your service, I know my uniforms don't fit.
@brycetache The republicans in the senate &amp; the house are more of a problem than trump is. They know better. He's spoiled petulant 12 yr old schoolyard bully. Who apparently has never recovered from the onset of puberty.
@brycetache They could have done something long ago. Their agenda was more important than our national security and reputation.  If these withdrawals go through on Syria and Afghanistan. We will have to go back. If our soon to be ex-friends will let us &amp; will cost lots of American lives.
@christinawilkie That aunt was @ 5'4". One time when her youngest &amp; favorite of 7 kids was in junior theater in San Diego. She tended bar at a fund raiser. Her co-bar tender. An equally altitude challenged soul. Ret. Lt. Gen. Victor Krulak Sr. AKA "The Brute"
@christinawilkie The reason I joined the Marine Corps was my Wonder Woman aunt. High school @ 16 BS in Nursing 20. Ensign in Navy 21. Spent WWII patching up sailors &amp; Marines at Navy Hosp. San Diego. One day she said go up to Fresno see a friend of my kids recruiting 4 Marines.
@Mega_Pixls @christinawilkie @JoeNBC I was no athlete.  But I still have my officers uniforms. Because my family could not accept me as left handed. Father's "teaching?" methods to shoot so brutally averse to my left eye that I developed every bad habit. Oswald &amp; I same marksman's badge. We couldn't make that shot.
@Doug05830195 @joncoopertweets Would give them a working definition of what they say they want. "No Socialism!"
@Doug05830195 @joncoopertweets I think oddly enough Delaware gets screwed the worst. We in California are one of those on the short end of the stick.
@christinawilkie @JoeNBC For those of you who liked this comment there is a documentary out there called "The Marines" Made by PBS. Well done. Pretty accurate. I got to know The Quigley at Quantico very well.	 https://t.co/RCkr27Zf7T
@joncoopertweets And their new governor would be run out town on a rail if he actually did what he campaigned on. But i think we should cut the off for a while give them a working personal definition of what they claim to want. "Its only socialism if it helps that other guy whose not like me."
@joncoopertweets I recently suggested California's governor elect that, knowing it's a pipe dream, all states receive the same percentage back from the federal government.  And people like that probably say they hate socialism and don't consider those government programs the depend on  socialism.
Yup https://t.co/NnQuIkgYY5
@BetoORourke Check with the USGS they should have photos of "Hunter Hole" near the western end of Yuma County, 22nd Street &amp; Colorado River. West of Levee. Cottonwoods, arrow weeds. Sloughs formed by old river meander lines made b4 the dam went in in the late 50's. Today it is miles of sand.
@BetoORourke After the end of the Bracero Program tractors locked up behind razor wire enclosures. US Customs agents pulling over local farmers, who almost to a person carried rifles in their trucks, and threatening them. Lucky they didn't get shot.
@BetoORourke The last time I saw that stretch of ground btwn Morelos Dam &amp; San Luis, Son or San Luis, BC. It looked to this ex-Marine like a clear field of fire. After the end of the Bracero Program during which we never locked anything life changed not for the better.
@BetoORourke If you want to see what our government does when they misguidedly destroy things, beyond the damage previously done in your neighborhood, see what used 2b the Colorado River between Morelos Dam and Sn Luis, Son. I grew up down there. Used 2 b a wildlife paradise. like Mark Twain
@politico Crocodile tears. trump is still in office because of this non-leader's petty personal agenda.
@MSNBC Charles Schultz's family should license President Obama as their living representative of Snoopy's character "Joe Cool". Because he is.  Those images of him talking to the kids and that girl with the glasses hugging him says all you need to know about who this guy is.
@TheRickWilson trump is still office because of mcconnell and the senate republicans. nuff said.
@christinawilkie "The Brute" got his revenge on LBJ. Son Charlie became Commandant. I met son Victor, Jr. at Quantico. To me Chaplain Krulak was the flesh and blood embodiment of the Kingston Trio's Reverend Mr, Black.https://t.co/aLMcWCFTZx
@christinawilkie Just shows how much of a leader the man is. Like Victor Krulak, Sr. before him who sacrificed his career in the Marines to tell President Johnson what he thought about his handling of the Vietnam war . . . to his face in the oval office.  He cares for his people.
@DavidCornDC @slater_rose Klobuchar/Beto makes more  . . .  seriously. Happy Holidays Sir!
@christinawilkie @JoeNBC Every Marine is a rifleman. That is not just an expression. Even our current Commandant has to qualify with their weapons regularly. And this former Marine hopes to live long enough to hear one of their subordinates refer properly to some future Commandant as Ma'am.
@PreetBharara @MalcolmNance Put a sock in it jr. This former Marine does not need your crocodile tears. trump still office 'cause of you republican senators' petty personal job security jealousies. you &amp; that joker who calls himself leader mcconnell have the blood of our service people going back in later
@PhilipRucker Need new sec o fdefense
@RadioFreeTom Removing our trip wire in Syria will in the long run likely cost more lives than we're bringing home with this move. trump has strengthened every adversary of ours &amp; not us. He needs to change the wording on his red hat. America has not &amp; will not benefit from his time in office.
@joncoopertweets mitch will never let trump get impeached.
None of our former allies or potential allies is going to trust us as long as the party that used to pitch itself as the national security party (republicans) is running either the executive or either side of legislature.branch of our government. Thanks mitch.
@marcorubio Senator as dim and unwilling to put country over party and country over you place at the trough as you republican have shown to be you know better.
thanks to mitch mcconnell any agreement we make is no better than if they'd been written on rice paper in a typhoon.
mcconnell is a weasel. Mattis is a leader. Got that mitch?
by aiding abetting this malignancy in the white house he is saying to those allies and friends, "People do not trust America we will sell you out for a lot less than 30 pieces of silver." For mcconnell to call himself a leader is to this former Marine ABSURD.
High Crimes &amp; Misdemeanors&gt; I think we are well past that point. What is wrong with mitch mcconnell. Is he so absolutely set on packing the judicial system with a large group of incompetent judges that is is willing to sacrifice our safety and security and that of our allies &amp;
@RadioFreeTom Trump is not the problem. mitch is. We could have been shed of trump long ago. putin Asad, Turkey, and Iran are probably dancing in the streets.
@BenSasse @JoeNBC Senator the engineer who helped me rebuild my house and help California rebuild the Oakland Bay Bridge is a Kurd who returned there years ago. Hopefully, he's safe at least for the foreseeable future.
@BenSasse @JoeNBC Crocodile tears Senator. When we have rid ourselves of this cancer we will return to the area if people like the Kurds, if any of them are left, will let us. And when we do it will cost lots of American lives. Probably more than we are taking out.
@BenSasse @JoeNBC Senator, you senate republicans have made it abundantly clear that this cancer of a creature was protected by your need to pack the judiciary. As a former Marine I am finally glad we have one in a high place who hasn't completely lost his moral compass. Syrian debacle on U.
@matthewamiller @RickPetree And the indictments that send his adult kids to jail probably wont even be prosecuted in DC.
@GavinNewsom Mr. Governor Elect I believe all states should get the same percentage back from the feds. So all states would be creditor states. California should adjust or payment to DC accordingly.
@matthewamiller @RickPetree But Mr. Miller, Mr. Mueller is. an ex-Marine. And I'm sure he has shared so much of what he has found with some many branches of the DOJ &amp; pertinent state AG's. trump and his minions trying to do in the investigation will be like Harcourt Fenton Mudd trying to eradicate Tribbles.
@RepJeffries Do I Understand correctly? Have you been chosen caucus chairman? If so congratulations. Keep up the good work and happy holidays.
@Capn_Jack_Sparo You never can tell. Don;t sell yourself short. You can find ways to help others. I mean look at the life of Paul Newman. that food company he and his buddies created was giving to charity long b4 anyone outside their circle knew,. Happy Holidays.
@Capn_Jack_Sparo My platoon commander at The Basic School was and is the only Captain Jack I recognize. Her retired as General Jack. Happy Holidays.
@annmlee1 @susanengel14 If you want one of his books that might be accused of being semi-autobiographical, read "The Downhill Lie". About his return to playing golf in middle age. It is mostly about the all the crazy gadgets now available. But even here he can't help himself. Its funny.
@dandrezner I think once the dems get bakc the senate and wh W &amp; Janet Napolitano should chair a commission on drafting a new immigration law
@dandrezner I'm sure you know about this.       Free Syria Media Hub @Free_Media_Hub     3h3 hours ago Kurds in Syria say they are considering releasing 3000+ captured Isis fighters including two cells that executed American hostages in response to Trumps decision to exit Syria
@RepJerryNadler Happy Holidays SIR!
@RepJerryNadler SIR: as someone who grew up in the extreme southwestern corner of AZ. 5 mi from Baja &amp; 5 mi from Sonora (County 20th &amp; Avenue F, Yuma valley). I think were are deporting the wrong people. Le';s start w/trump &amp; any supporters who share views on immigration.
@annmlee1 @susanengel14 This is a link to an article he wrote in memory of his younger brother who was one of the news people murdered at the Annapolis newspaper.	https://t.co/ZXkujpLXqw
@annmlee1 @susanengel14 https://t.co/Fj4BROt0h0
@annmlee1 @susanengel14 Only one movie made from all those books. Demi Moore bought the rights to "Strip Tease" so she coudl show off her body. Movie had little to do with book beyond title. Roger Ebert wrote: "It;s clear the only member of the cast and crew who read the book is Burt Reynolds.
@annmlee1 @susanengel14 He hates Disney. Non fiction  book on them "Team Rodent". Opening line "Sleaze is good." Wish I could find a copy of the essay he wrote for Sports Illustrated about the death of Florida Bay. Entitled "The Death of Florida Bay." Beautiful and sad.
everything that trump has done since lying on his swearing in, except maybe taking a dump, has been destructive to this country and its future.  And I think we could make a case for his physical discharges being carcinogenic.
@annmlee1 @susanengel14 I don't think he has ever in his life met someone who had his lower arm chopped off and replaced it with a weed eater.
@annmlee1 @susanengel14 His work for Miami Herald has been nominated for 3 Pulitzers.
@annmlee1 @susanengel14 Has over 20 best sellers. All serious off beat anti-corrupt developers. Best places 2 start either "Tourist Season"  Radical Harvard educated, Seminole lawyer heads a fringe group feeding tourist to the Caymans. 	Or Double Whammy Clinton Tyree- "Skink". who has Wikipedia own page
@annmlee1 @susanengel14 I understand that but I mean that people like Hiaasen has a more specific purpose.
@clairecmc Senator: Whatever you do from here on out. Knock 'em dead.
Let's see if we can pass a law to make sure current and former legislators really feel our pain of their current friends manage to kill or curtain Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security. Make em walk a few miles in our shoes.
@GavinNewsom Making sure our schools beginning at the bottom are giving everyone the best education they can and some of those students go back to where they came. That's kind of like a guest worker (Bracero like I worked with) taking money home. Ideas are our stock in trade.
@GavinNewsom ?'s we should ask all: are u on board; can you do the job; How much education can we help you with so you can do this and better jobs? We should educate everyone to the fullest regardless if immigration status.	Not all are going to stay. returners = inoculations.
@GavinNewsom All of us in this together. Absolutely. I grew up on a farm 5 miles from Baja &amp; 5 mi fm Sonora. A former Republican &amp; a former Marine 0802. Master Fin &amp; Acct UCDavis. Totally equal rights makes economic sense. All the stigmas gone= Everyone more productive.
@juliaioffe How about simply saying have a nice holiday.
Here's an image for you. Comparing trump to a bull in a China shop. The bull's name is Mikhail  . . . . . . .Baryshnikov.
many of whom will die or be grievously wounded in campaigns to retake areas of the world that trump thoughtless gave away in moves like this. Their blood is on your hands too.
And to those of you who still support trump who have friends and/or relatives in the military now or who will be getting in the military in the next 5 to 10 years many of whom will die or be grievously wounded in campaigns to retake areas of the world that trump thoughtless gave
The damage this withdrawal of our forces from Syria will do to our soon to be former friends in the region and to our reputation of being trustworthy globally is on vladimir putins' hands and mitch mcconnell's hands.
MAXIMUM JOHN LIVES and his new name is SULLIVAN!!! https://t.co/6Q58Jb3NGg
@mkraju When are the republican in the senate going to begin to really dump these morons?
@mkraju Can this be stopped?
@TwitterMoments @PressSec calling trump dumb would be a compliment. And an insult to dumb people.
@sahilkapur Let' cancel his pension and medical coverage.
@Raider_Hayter Isn't this in violation of several international treaties?
@trendchasernews Out in country. Once we had 2 replace a local kid's cat. Lady my mom knew put Dr. Doolittle to shame. ANIMALS LOTS OF ANIMALS. And she gave the kids 2 cats 2 choose from. We got the white tom w one blue &amp; one green eye Loved little kids. other cats NOT
Perhaps trump should just leave his head up between his glutes.
Withdrawing all our forces from Syria now shows just how both ignorant and stupid trump is. His actions in that arena have up to this point aided putin's wish to make russia seem relevant again at the cost of thousands of lives form all sides. Now he trumps his previous dumbness.
They wouldn't need to change the color.
@susanengel14 But hes's not the one i think needs to be removed the soonest. mitch. Is the enabler in chief.
@susanengel14 I don't think there's any might about it.
From now on those MAGA hat should have putin's smiling face on them and the hats should say Make russia great again.
little donnie the moron in chief now wants to pull al of our troops out of Syria. And mitch the enabler will go alog with him. Andof course mitch claims to be a disciple of Reagan. BULLSHIT. I am any entity anywhere in the world that needs help the US is the last place I turn.
As long as there are problems on the other side of our borders and people perceive that they can gain a solution or can eliminate the problem (violence in Central American Countries) they will find a way to come. Build your stupid wall. Waste our money and they will still come.
If we help solve the problems that cause people like that little girl  who died because the mean trump administration wont use methods that have worked for decades to process asylum seekers &amp; her family to come here we will do more 2 solve the problem. Walls don't work. As long
The immigration solution along our southern border is economic and political. If we help solve the problems that cause people like that little girl who died because the mean trump administration wont use methods that have worked for decades to process asylum seekers and her
When I was 14 my family owned the business I worked in so child  labor laws didn't apply. I culled melons in cantaloupe trailers. The men picking the melons were Mexican guest workers. Border fence was 2  strands of barbed wire 30 inches high we didn't lock anything. The solution
becomes a crusader against greedy, corrupt land developer and their legislative minions. Earns himself his own Wikipedia page. After all the best selling therapy sessions Mr Hiaasen has written he should be very sane.
Man grows up a straight shootin Florida high school football star, becomes a Green Beret, comes home becomes Governor. Dislikes the graft &amp; corruption in Florida Govt. Disappears into the Everglades dines on road kill, become a crusader against greedy land developers and their
Most of Hiaasen's protagonists and likely all of his villains would be rejected by Mr. Srpinger. Then there are the plot twists and incidental details. Only a truly sick mind would come up with these. Man loses his lower arm so sure strap a weed eater on as a weapon. Man grows up
I just finished the latest of Carl Hiaasen's therapy session I have read. That is the only way I can try to explain such a work. Where most writer's characters are might sink low enough to be be accepted on Jerry Springer's TV show. Most of Hiaasen's protagonists and likely all
I am convince that some of our finest writers write so they don;t have to go see an analyst. Wallace Stegner some years ago in a speech to "City Arts &amp; Lectures" some years ago said that John Cheever said he wrote 2 make sense of life. I just finished the latest of Carl Hiaasen's
@debbiesideris @realDonaldTrump @NancyPelosi @LunaLuvgood2017 @StormResist @NWPinPDX @DearAuntCrabby @BryanDawsonUSA @TrisResists @TeamPelosi @B52Malmet @ProudResister How about four in close proximity to one another with bars on one of them?
@AlanDersh Mr. Dershowitz have you ever really practiced law?
@dianesmith999 @kaitlancollins Right you R. Any person who comes into that judges court with the bill of particulars as that judge originally understood Flynn's crimes to be, is in deep Kimchi. Can you imaging Dana Carvey's Church Lady replacing Satan with "TREASON?"
@kaitlancollins Given the judge's position on Flynn's activities as he originally perceived them, and his question regarding that set of particulars related 2 Treason, this would not bode well for any trump surrogate who behaved in a manner similar and gets tried in this judges court . . .
To any company who, like BoFlex, decided to abstain from supporting master carlson, THANK YOU! https://t.co/qYnaRdV1Np
@ReginaldALawso1 I don't think the library of congress has enough storage space if we spelled out 30 characters to the inch single spaced on paper all the things he's afraid of.
@RickPetree i also don;t think he;s ever met anyone  like Mueller A fascinating televised poker match. Bombastic trump and stone faced Mueller. My test of people's awareness of movie heroes is a bit dated. The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance. the non-combatant not who most think.
@adirado29 They probably don' t on the border and/or they don't live near around any immigrants. So them must live above the arctic circle.
@RickPetree @emptywheel https://t.co/hJkRXaXOD9
@RickPetree When you're that self absorbed and convinced of your greatness you often don't think any mortal could possibly be at your level. So no worries mate.
@joncoopertweets Single person cells with mirrored surfaces on all 6 sides he gets to see his favorite person all the time. I predict under those circumstances even he would get tired of little donnie in an orange jumpsuit 24/7.
@joncoopertweets If a state AG nabs him no pardon.
@joncoopertweets So where will be his next address? Attic, Sing Sing or Pelican Bay?
@Lawrence 113,000 Justice Department employees, 35,000 employed by FBI. Then you add all the state AG offices and major District Attorney office like Manhattan, NY, NY. Who has enough money to defend against that. And any evidence found by one is likely shared &amp; permanent. Boy Howdy!
@RickPetree @emptywheel To use an an astronomical metaphor he went from NY where the scrutiny is a hand held magnifying glass to DC where it is W. M Keck Telescope (33 foot primary mirror).  'Which can examine a gnats ass at the far edge of the solar system. Good luck with your amateur croockedness now.
@kyledcheney @dsamuelsohn This is why she should be Speaker.  She wont go 2 jail 4 ripping the heads off parking meters (what I think they sent the original Cool Hand Luke (Paul Newman) to the work farm 4). I doubt there will be any "failure to communicate." Closest thing2 Cool Hand Luke we're gonna get.
Here's another un-saccharin-y holiday song BB King "Merry Christmas Baby"	https://t.co/Z5WaApJ7Pa
For those of you still able to ponder more positive ideas; "Zat You Santa Claus?"	https://t.co/ow18L5gT0q
@joncoopertweets I think we should be discussing who should be his jailors. I would prefer a mixture of mulatto and mestizo transgender some of whom were born some male and some female. I think that might be the ultimate put down for his stigmatizing of other people not like him.
@PhilipRucker @SRuhle @Reinlwapo Bob Newhart as Major Major explains how to deal with people when he's in his office "don't let them in to see him." He's officially out. And when he's not in his off he's in.  And he doesn't care how his clerk deals with visitors. https://t.co/OBTl7Ra9l8
@ColMorrisDavis @jasoninthehouse If it is true that immigration of all sorts makes our country better. And it is. And these scumbags don't like immigration. Are we deporting the wrong people?
@ColMorrisDavis @jasoninthehouse If it is true that immigration of all sorts makes our country better. And it is true.  And these scum bags don;t like immigration. Are we deporting the wrong people?
@JerryLabathe @katstails @joncoopertweets Sort like seh didn't hear him or what he has had to say so far is not worthy of a response. Grow up sonny.
@JerryLabathe @katstails @joncoopertweets And most whatever degrading comments he's have to say. Her response- something like continuing on the original topic of the conversation. Something like DACA or rescinding the tax cut for the wealthiest 1%. Which any serious Democratic Baltimore precinct politician would do.
@RickPetree I can't imagine the AG's in places like NY &amp; Cal bringing a case against the trump empire w/o making sure all i's dotted &amp; all t's crossed. And can you imagine roberts taking on Cuomo &amp; Newsome? I can'S. supposedly Shah Jahan was imprisoned across fm the Taj near end of his life.
@B52Malmet And Betty has an entire world renowned medical facility named after her.
@joncoopertweets And if it does? It would lend credence to some suggestions about trumps attitude toward women. Which then brings to mind how will he hold up over the next two years dealing with Speaker Pelosi?
@RickPetree Make the wh which he and mitch consider his sanctuary into his interim prison.  See how long it takes him to become catatonic.
@RickPetree Best punishment for an ego maniac4 a creature like trump would be to have his kids prosecuted by state AG's (out of the reach of his federal pardon powers not handled by Mueller. Then have those same AG's dismantle his empire while he's still in the wh. Then convict citizen trump
@Eugene_Robinson And the Manhattan DA's office under Robert Morgenthau got the ball rolling on BCCI does the current occupant have the fortitude to follow up?
@MaxBoot Ldet's start by rescinding the personal tax cut just passed and adjusting the corporate tax rate back up by half. Corporations didn't pass on the saving and how many brought money in from overseas? None.?
@JoyceWhiteVance And most of their kids are more mentally and emotionally advances . . .
@Lawrence @MalcolmNance Bad copy of Natasha Fatale. Boris Badenov's sycophantic girlfriend. "Oh, Boris. You are such genius."
@Lawrence @MalcolmNance A pale parody of Natasha Fatale Boris Badenov's sycophantic girlfriend. "Oh, Bori. You are such genius!"
@B52Malmet https://t.co/TeEoG69Roq
@B52Malmet I think I should correct something. steve bannon is "Fearless Leader" from Rocky &amp; Bullwinkle. trump is Boris. melania is Natasha. "Oh Boris, you are such genius!"
RT @B52Malmet: Melania has poll numbers? I know a former First Lady who has bestseller numbers!	https://t.co/19lqzAKJr7
@joncoopertweets @realDonaldTrump I think he's more afraid of Nancy than he is of Mueller. And the dem state AG's &amp; Manhattan DA are out of his pardon reach. And any legislation mitch wants he needs Nancy's stamp of approval. Judges maybe not.
@RickPetree I grew up around guys like this. The only people these guys want to impress are the ones who's face they shave, the guy or girl they are sweet on, the people they are trying to sell something to. or the banker they are trying to get a loan from.  The rest of us . . . .
@RickPetree On his web page he has nice things to say about Diane F. Recently set aside 50,000 acres of the ranch as open space. Brilliant! Environmentalists should be doing back flips. And remaining acreage is like developable land here in Marin - EXPENSIVE. Only more so now.
@RickPetree Back in the early '80's after he'd done a leveraged buyout of the ranch, Fortune put him on the cover. Wearing a straw hat, a Hawaiian shirt, probably OP shorts, flip flops sitting on a folding aluminum chair on the deck fo his fishing boat. in profile. Title "The Other Donald"
@RickPetree Forbes lists him as America's richest land developer. Maybe you haven't heard of him - unlike trump he only talks to the media when he has a business related use for them. A Republican, his collective gifts 2 UCIrvine may have contributed to the dems sweep of Orange County.
We took our collective hands off the ship's wheel and we got trump. Who is simply a symptom of the vitriol the republicans have been spewing since newt gingrich began his campaign for speaker.
. And even once we are in the right course. We must remain vigilant. "Th price of freedom is eternal vigilance." is a shortened version of a line from  a simplified variant of a line from a 1790 speech by Irish orator John Philpot Curran.  We took our collective hands off the
If the 2018 elections were the beginning of the course adjustment for this ship of state, then those of us who exerted ourselves in some way have reason 2 hope. But we dare not take our eyes off the sea ahead. We need to keep making course adjustments until we are back on course
@RickPetree Sir: Are you familiar with an organization called The Irvine Ranch? The man who runs that is our Donald. Started with a $10,000 loan after doing a stint in the Marines. Where he met a kid from San Diego named Pete Wilson. He' a bit better off than east coast Donald.
@ColMorrisDavis @Chippendales Transparent as a Brunswick bowling ball and truthful as Clifford Irving.
@ColMorrisDavis @FLOTUS Clearly they're made for each other. Both thin skinned bullies. 2 trumps. Both need dumping.
@joshtpm See Fearless Leader below right https://t.co/TpMsU1cm2r
@CillizzaCNN Next you need a front row seat at SNL this weekend.
@joshtpm Nancy &amp; Chuck sounded more organized than you fearless leader folks.
@ColMorrisDavis @AnnCoulter Grandfather born in Mexico like Mitt Romney's dad.	Fled violence as a result had to quit school b4 finish elementary he did more with his education than you have ann.	Shame on you ann. (small people get no caps)
@ColMorrisDavis @AnnCoulter Rural former Arizonan (5 miles from Mexico Border in 2 directions) 	Most neighbors Mexican Some kids of Okies Arkies who came west in dust bowl Native Americans	Former Marine 3 yrs active 0802.	Former Republican (when people like Joh Danforth were in Senate)	Ditto the Colonel.
@TheRickWilson Needs to check Webster's definitions of those terms. Maybe she can channel Clifford Irving. You know the guy who claimed to have written the definitive biography of Howard Hughes.
ACLU People Power Volunteer Experience Survey https://t.co/HBG7Cm3IQ0
@SteveSchmidtSES February 1972. Sen Kennedy not been able 2 lower voting age to 18. Lots of my peers had been drafted to go to Vietnam but couldn't vote. I took 2 long 2 change registration, 2004, helping Gen Clark. Should have seen the party's move away from me &amp; Abe when Newt began his rants.
@RickPetree @KassandraSeven @SueGlashauser Wat can Kate McKinnon do with this?
@RickPetree @KassandraSeven @SueGlashauser Everybody wants to say she's California liberal. She learned that stuff around the Inner Harbor. She's understood retail politics since elementary school. He's out of his league. If he were even remotely a sympathetic character I'd feel sorry for him but this may be payback.
@joncoopertweets Can't get either one of them up. Where is his political Viagra?
@tribelaw In some dreamer's novel.
@JRubinBlogger I am a former Republican. Former Marine. I am now an independent. I have my differences w Congresswoman Pelosi. I used the analogy of Patton (no charmer) &amp; who Hitler feared. Eisenhower knew he needed him. Some people can't get past gender differences. Pelosi best since Rayburn.
If Mueller by his handling of public side of the case can get the trump team to make mistakes it will make his job easier.
I believe Mueller is partly engaging in an exercise in mythical power. By being so silent except for court filings and by being so forceful in his handling of Manafort's apparent breach of the cooperation agreement &amp; lying to Mueller, Mueller is enhancing his mythical power. If
George H W Bush understood the idea of mythical power. He wanted to avoid house to house fighting, he wanted to keep the gin in the bottle, and a side effect achieving the previous two would to retain and possibly enhance his military's mythical power. I believe Mueller is partly
Any organization that gets really good has both a real and a mythical power. George H W Bush understood this. I contend he ended Gulf War One for 3 reasons. Going into Baghdad would have resulted in 2 real things. The evil genie (or gin) would have been out of the bottle &amp; house
One of the men following Butch &amp; Sundance gets off his horse and gets down looking at the ground as if he can see signs left by the group ahead, To which Sundance says" who are those guys?" Any organization that gets real good has both real power &amp; mythical power. George H W Bush
"Who are those guys" In the movie "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid" the railroad sends a team of hired professionals to catch Butch &amp; Sundance. At one point Sundance looks back at a group of men on horseback riding across a stretch of solid sandstone. One of the men gets off
@joncoopertweets When you are that self obsessed most people don;t interest you. Afterall he claims to be godly, right?
@joncoopertweets Possibly he's more stuck up than trump.
Could we get them adjacent cells? https://t.co/e5azxo8j9j
Former Baylor fraternity president gets no jail time despite sexual assault indictment https://t.co/4iA8LLmmji
@DeadlineWH @MichaelSteele @NicolleDWallace Not to mention Manhattan DA. Their predecessor brought down BCCI. Civil suits could strip him &amp; his of their wealth. Balls rolling here other nations could join the dog pile. In NY he was swimming in the kiddie pool. Needed a life preserver there. Deep end here deep. no preserver
@joanwalsh My suggestion: Alex P. Keaton.  A made up person. But a person with right tv image. And someone we can only access in reruns.
@EvelynNFarkas hey master mccarthy. I have it on good authority that unlike current people in congress calling themselves republicans, the dems can walk and chew gum at the same time. They can get both done. You couldn't do anything but prevaricate. &amp; then only if trump gave u a script.
@tribelaw @Lawrence I would prefer the Att. Gens of the states trump does business in to dismantle his businesses. Send his kids to jail in the next 2 yrs. Impeach &amp;prosecute him as a private citizen. Leave him w/ a motel 6 franchise in north korea. I been 2 s. Korea. Hear N. korea has nice beaches
@mkraju Sad. He used to be a rational and honorable man
I think trump etc. still don't. Remove the head of the group but the rest will still keep coming until their job is done. The criminal division of DOJ has a $202M budget itself. The FBI alone has 35,000 employees. Supposedly when fully staffed the WH has 2,000. Like those odd?
It seems that trump and associates still think that if they remove Mueller their problems will be over. I don't think it was a fluke that the FBI built their academy on the Marine base @ Quantico, VA. What the Japanese general in charge of the defense of Iwo Jima understood that
@stadiumtalkcom Somebody Up There Likes Me -a Young Paul Newman as Rockie Graziano
@ReginaldALawso1 @Newsericks @VABVOX @GOP No it is a quote from spiro agnew. But the words came from nixon speech writer and later NY Times Columnist William Safire.  It was his way of saying the media was against his boss richard nixon.
@Newsericks @ReginaldALawso1 @VABVOX @GOP And if the search for a Chief of Staff (Infections) is any indication finding someone so bent on destroying any future job prospects as to take on what John Nance Garner is supposed to have called "a warm bucket of spit" seems remote.
@Newsericks @ReginaldALawso1 @VABVOX @GOP I wonder if pence knows what a "nattering nabob of negativism" is?
Hey people this is important. Listen up!!!!!!!!! https://t.co/1KbLpgiUVe
@Newsericks @ReginaldALawso1 @VABVOX @GOP From what I'm hearing, Mueller may have the goods on pence. And since there is no prohibition against indicting and prosecuting a sitting vp he may be gone b4 2020. Leaving Pelosi next in line.
@Newsericks @ReginaldALawso1 @VABVOX @GOP it's all about judges and keeping their power. Impeach and much of that goes away. trump is simply a place holder.
@joncoopertweets I grew up on the border with Sonora &amp; Baja. Anyone wants to see what clearing a border looks like visit course of the Colorado south of Morelos Dam. When I was growing up it was a paradise. Backwaters, sloughs, cottonwoods. Miles of sand. Today a clear field if fire.
@joncoopertweets Mr. Cooper: NASA needn't spend a dime to get to Mars. All we have to do is accelerate this administration's environmental methods and we will have Mars' situation without leaving our home planet. If course the human race will be wiped out as well.
Given that the repubs i the senate will not do anything to impeach the turd in chief, what would be the point of indicting and prosecuting pence now they wills simply replace him with another creature with a fine coating of brown on thei nose.
As for the donald ever having an approval rating of 75%? Timothy Leary was a famous practitioner of LSD. What is the donald dropping?
@mccaffreyr3 Thanks for the rapid response, Sir. Happy Holidays. All the best you &amp; yours.
@tribelaw @KenDilanianNBC trump has all his life has held himself up as some kind of exemplar of smarts &amp; shrewdness. To claim ignorance of anything would seem to go against all he supposedly stands 4. I find it unlikely that this likely criminally flawed individual 2 admit any kind of weakness unlikely.
@joncoopertweets The man who worked his way up to running the world's largest oil company is lazy and not smart. Is it April 1st?
@tribelaw Wouldn't that be just too bad for the repubs if they had no choice but to impeach trump and let pence got to the iron bar hotel. president pelose. well they would have gotten her out of the speakers chair. Only not how they intended. wow
@mccaffreyr3 Yes General would make a great Pres. Like my platoon commander @ Basic School who retired w 3 stars. Seldom gets flustered. Deals well w adolescents in adult male bodies.(ie kavenaugh) Probably have all our usual allies eager to join her club. With Beto O'Rourke VP both borders.
@robrichards01 I have a cousin. Most of her life she focused on classes and the outdoors. Never paid much attention to her looks. MBA&amp; Engineering degree from prestigious U. Her daughter, the out of doors, and her job most important2 her. If she decides to dress up . . . other ladies can leave
@robrichards01 Knew a young lady once. Tall/athletic. @13 she was still walking like a boy @ 17 boys were asking to carry her books. Keep ginnin' &amp; thinkin' how great you R. No need to let the bullies in on the truth. Bullies in general are missing the warmth inside. So they pick on others.
@robrichards01 @RickPetree Hey lady with a smile like that you're gonna end up doing commercials. Wholesome. Warm and Welcoming. A smile like that comes from the heart. Bullies usually don't have one. Heart that is. Chin up smile and happy holidays.
@joncoopertweets I'll believe it when it's done. I think we should be neutral in the middle east as far as arab nations. iran had our hostages, but we overthrew their democratically elected government; saudis comprised most of the 9/11 hijackers. So we have beef with both b4 this.
I think HW could have won without Willie Horton. And I think W would have been better served with John Danforth as his VP
I think it's wonderful that W has Michelle Obama to have this running cough drop gag with. Especially given the gravity for him of the event for his dad.
@naretevduorp @GOP Democracy will prevail.  Trump can't fire the entire FBI &amp; Justice Dept. For now Whitaker is behaving like Mueller took him down to Quantico and introduced him to the Quigley. Then when he got out of that explained how removing him, Mueller, wouldn't slow the cause of justice.
@MichaelSteele There's a picture of HW here in twitter of him sitting on a chair in front of a house with small boy his lap. The boy son of one of Mr. Bush's detail. The boy diagnosed with Leukemia. Head bald. Father &amp; the detail all shaved their heads. Mr, Bush; head is bald. Nuff Said.
https://t.co/yi0Lceoo1c
No matter what the repubs in the senate say. Sound indignant. They aren't going to do anything about the saudi's murdering American resident. Elsewhere they are acting more like we are living in a Banana Republic. Moon Over Parador. Melania is not now never will be Sonia Braga https://t.co/xNOYfVOlpZ
Hey folks let's forget 4 a moment all the things he did b4 this. Born to some money, Yale Graduate, war hero, oil businessman, congressman, envoy to China, CIA Director, Vice President, President. OK fine. This picture tells all we need to know. This is the PERSON we lost. https://t.co/nM9W8UhVDY
@JohnWDean Hey Wisconsin, Michigan, Georgia, Kansas, and etc does this song apply to you should Jimmy Buffet rewrite Steve Goodman;s song?https://t.co/T2F4CT0zo1
@JohnWDean R states where districts are so gerrymandered that the democrats can win a normally crippling victory only to have the republican retain the state legislative house (sore losers) play more games to cripple the executive branch that the dems won, really domestic banana republic?
We are a creditor state, we get more immigration than most (legal &amp; otherwise), we're booming &amp; if you immigration haters are living in a debtor state, and you are one of those states that have &amp; are playing games to keep control even when your party loses I want my money back.
I live in a creditor state. We get less back on average than we send. 'And if our money is going to your debtor state &amp; in to the wrong hands I want it back. We are also one of the states that gets the highest percentage of immigration (legal and otherwise). And guess what we're
I have a question for all of you who don't like immigration. Do you live a debtor state? A state that gets more money back from DC than the average. &amp; is that above average amount of money going to wrong people? IAW do you live in a domestic Banana Republic?
@tribelaw @CharlesMBlow I repeat PT Barnum's famous maxim about who you can fool. And the fact that hitler still had scores of Germans believing him as British plane fire bombed their cities by night and Americans bombed them by day. Some people will still believe a lie regardless of what Chico Marx.
@tribelaw @CharlesMBlow YES
I promise with whatever time I have left to do whatever I can to help turn this ship of state around- get it back on the course of the ideals we stand for when we are at our best. That anchor-clanking carrier qualified fly boy we just lost would expect no less from this ex-Marine
I'm an angry old white guy who's angry at trump for the damage he's done to this country and to the ideals i volunteered for the Marines to defend decades ago. And fear not Pres. Clinton I promise to do what I can with the time i have left to turn this ship around. That anchor
2 things. I just bought a t-shirt from Amazon&gt; It says something to the effect that the world is made up of neutrons, protons, electrons, and morons.. I just read Bill Clinton's moving tribute to George H. W. Bush. I'm an angry old white guy who's not angry 4 trump but at him and
@JohnWDean I'll bet the other 19 leaders, including putin and the crown prince, would rather be dealing with the kid from Honolulu.
@JohnWDean Interesting? When Pres. Obama was running for pres his opponents ridiculed his community organizer background. During the race it probably helped him build the coalitions that propelled him into office. Once he was pres. that background surely served him well in arenas like this.
@ToysForTots_USA Sorry it took me so long to participate. I may have shortly after getting off active duty in '79. But I could not delay this year. Some here in Marin and more in Butte County (Camp fire victims). Hey folks you don't have to be a malingering ex-Marine to donate!
@knuthf @John_Hudson @jdawsey1 And what would make you think that?
@knuthf @John_Hudson @jdawsey1 I don't think I made any judgement about who would be on the receiving end. However, I do think the president's national security advisor should have listened to the recording that is purported to be the killing of Mr. Khashoggi.
after she dies the two of them walk arm in arm on the widows walk. Fair seas and a following breeze, you two.
There's s John Wayne Movie out there called "Wake of the Red Witch". John Wayne is  Sea Captain. Gail Russell plays his wife. She walks the widows walk on her house waiting for him to return. He dies 1st. reverse of the Bushes. After she dies their spirits walk arm in arm in on
Carrier qualified pilots. Totaled up the number of men &amp; women past &amp; present who have achieved that high distinction it is a very small group world wide. He would probably said no big deal I was just doing my job. No beating of his chest. No bluster. Doin his job. @18
Something to think about regarding George H.W.Bush. Son of privilege. Quits school. Qualifies to fly planes off the deck of a carrier. Everyone is talking about his public service. Folks that is public service. And that is a very small group of men and women
@MSNBC @ReginaldALawso1 Very soon Nancy will have the purse strings. Can he self finance. Don't think even with all the money he's ripped off from the US since he was elected that he's got enough.
@John_Hudson @jdawsey1 Remember under our rule of law there is no statute of limitations on murder &amp; even if putin edges his way in it can't set well with his client in Tehran.That joyous display with the crown prance can't have gone over well w/ the supreme leader. The friends of your enemies . . .
RT @benwikler: BREAKING—as in breaking democracy: a truly shocking &amp; naked power grab underway in Wisconsin. Dems won every statewide race…
we need to get this out https://t.co/y8Hn4pmvGF
@TravisAllen02 tell hi to go drink so seawater and clock how long for this genius to get sick.
@kylegriffin1 How to avoid a perjury trap . . . tell the truth.
@stucam7771 My guess. Mr, Mueller has that little cherry on the top of the trump family indictments sundae in his pocket.
@wvjoe911 Does he not understand that we wage earners put the money in there and not the government. And that he and his predecessors have been stealing rom there for decades. Hands off jerk.
@wvjoe911 Maybe we should ask him to work for free for the rest of his life.
@thehill Sore loser. He would be doing hands spring and cheering our election system if he had gained seats.
@DavidCornDC Since his head is absent: bigotry, misogyny, narcissism, and willful ignorance is empty that is a lot of space. Maybe it needs raking?
@joncoopertweets @TheDemCoalition You've seen images of ostriches with their heads in the ground. Well that may be a myth but the wh staffers who didn't think trump had financial ties to russia have had their head up somewhere e;es that allowed them to keep them out of the ground.
@JohnWDean Did the tooth fairy convict them?
@JohnWDean Who convicted them?
@joncoopertweets @TheDemCoalition They didn't think Trump had business ties to russia because they didn't want to.
@tedorsey @EWErickson If you don't want to solve the problem down there And only want to solve it up here then read up on Professor George Borjas's solution. Both sides. Let them come. Properly handled they add to our society. Building the wall makes less sense than spending billions in Guatemala City
@tedorsey @EWErickson Every one interested in the immigration issue should get familiar with Professor Gorge Borjas's take on it. He is himself a Cuban immigrant and possibly America's foremost authority on the subject. Examine both sides of the solution https://t.co/4jIX5FDViD
@tedorsey @EWErickson The People who don't want these immigrants fleeing terror to come here also don;t want GM moving to Mexico. They would scream bloody murder if major US corporations built plants down there so these people didn't have to come here.
@joncoopertweets Beto for VP but my choice for pres in a woman from the north central states.
@tedorsey I'd rather spend the money fixing roads and bridges. Crumbling infrastructure is a bigger problem than illegal immigration.
@tedorsey No quick fixes. I live in a creditor state. We send more $ than we get back I don't like that. We also have one of the highest concentrations of illegal immigrants in the US &amp; we are booming. Our well crafted image as benevolent player (a lie) has helped keep us safer.
@tedorsey Sir I'm a former Marine. trump Moslem ban was a recruiting poster 4 ISIS an Al Queda. His separation of babies from their parents at our southern border was a recruiting poster for the gangs these people are fleeing Central America. We didn't get in this mess overnight
@tedorsey We can build your wall. Bit it wont stop anybody. It will be as effective as the watertight doors and too short bulkheads on the Titanic. We helped create that mess in Mexico and Central America. Heightened border security not a wall.
@tedorsey @EWErickson Reagan would say infuse them with Democracy.  We build factories down there. Sure will have difficulty abiding by the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. But fixing the problems down there, no matter how daunting, is the only way to fix the problem long term.
@tedorsey @EWErickson As for walls China, the Romans, Berlin. All failed. No less an authority on such things as George S. Patton. "Fixed fortifications are monuments to man's stupidity."Guatemala. Back in early 50's elected a President who was gonna nationalize banana plantations. We overthrew him.
@tedorsey @EWErickson I grew up down there. I worked in the fields the last year of the Bracero Program. Probably the most effective direct to the poor foreign aid program we eve had. The unions killed I off because they weren't. Walls don't work. Anyone wants2 come bad enough will find other ways.
@EWErickson Mr. Erickson your solution is not simplistic. It is not a quick fix. It might require Foreign Aid. I would venture to say neither trump or his most rabid supporters r going to go for anything that smacks of of helping others especially darker skinned folks they consider inferior
@CheriJacobus If I were trump I'd be more scared of when he's no longer @1699 Pennsylvania Ave. Wash, DC.
@faith_oglesby @maziehirono I think that would take a constitutional amendment. And even this bunch of regressive men in robe will not likely go along with that even if he ahd the votes. I think it also takes 3 fourths of the state legislatures. Barring a major turnaround next election cycle . . .
@lawrence_wright I think making ;Mr. Khashoggi Time Magazine's Person of the Year would be a great start. Then we should work on an international hero of journalism prize in his name and work to get it the kind of international acclaim of a Pulitzer or a Peabody.
Start by deporting all offspring of donald j trump's parents. All of them and all significant others. Then identify all who think like them on immigration and deport them. Next problem. Who would be fool enough to take them?
trump is more of a detriment to this country than all the immigrants now and in the future at our southern border. I have a partial solution to that problem when the turd on the wh came in. Immigration. 1st deport all the offspring of his parents. All generations and all
@maziehirono Senator, In our rule of law &amp; international definitions no statute of limitations on murder. Once turd in white house is civilian turd again the next administration will be free to throw the book at them. This threat from their Foreign Minister. What's he gonna do tell his mommie
@YouKnowMoreNow @amjoyshow @MalcolmNance @JRubinBlogger @will_c_fischer Take him down to Quantico and tell him to crawl through the Quigley Used to be a full blown Culvert with two levels pitch back dark, Not for the claustrophobic. He'll probably chicken out even on the simplified less claustrophobic version.
@secularcitizen2 And anyone who discharges their firearm resulting injury to anyone else will likely find themselves spending their formative years as a guest of a hotel with iron bars in Leavenworth, KS. And pretty much amyone up the chain to flag rank will be kissing their careers goodbye.
@secularcitizen2 As I said before anyone in any of those military units under the control of the federal government who discharges their firearm(s) while down on the border engaged in that exercise will find themselves locking their heels before a board of inquiry.
@secularcitizen2 As a former Marine I know that anyone in uniform is taught from very early on that we all have a duty to disobey a "clearly illegal order." 	Posse Comitatus Act/ˌpäsē ˌkämiˈtādəs ˌakt/noun 	1.  a federal statute prohibiting use of the military in civilian law enforcement.
@politico Hitler didn't want Patton leading an army either. He lost. Patton helped him lose the bigger one, too. Leadership is not, contrary to the regressive republicans views, limited by gender, ethnicity, skin color, or sexual orientation. They probably still think the Earth is flat 2?
Well they never heard of Christopher Columbus I suppose? Well after their time.
@JoyceWhiteVance Because they are probably trumpsters and with many of them rational thought is not part of their bag. But being beligerent on issues is. I worked for Macy's for several years. They have a lot of problems. Having any agenda but selling, often ineptly, is their only agenda.
@jhgurf Congratulations first of all. Hope you had an especially fine day yesterday and hope the rest of the holiday season is especially joyous.
@PatrickRandall I'm a former Marine who thinks once we are shed of the "I am bought!" resident of 1600 Pennsylvania Ave, we should, whether we have a body or not, bury a coffin with Mr. Khashoggi's name on it with full honors in Arlington Cemetery. He died for press freedom.
@GeorgeTakei @cuatc He has to get people to see things his way so he can apply his most often truly inapplicable solutions to non-existent problems. You'd think he could at least get the name of a town destroyed by fire right  . . . .once. Duh!
@SlowPaintr @BetteMidler Just because a person's primary vocation is not specifically art does not exclude them from the field. Da Vinci was first an engineer. It is how he made his living. And  I suspect that Picasso was a master anatomist. Master the basics b4 cubism made sense &amp; to be taken seriously.
@SlowPaintr @BetteMidler And on one Xmas visit back home younger brother was complaining @ having to take Calculus in High School. He simply asked what is the volume of the horn of a trumpet and what is the area of a pie slice of the horn? Immediate real world examples.
@SlowPaintr @BetteMidler Dad made him take welding lessons at age 7 arc and gas. He proceeded to build many of their formulation plants while he was in high school. I have pretty good spatial relations. 5 out of 7 on SAT. He probably got 10 of 7. He's off the charts.
@SlowPaintr @BetteMidler Well one of the Chemical Engineers was made to go to Sunday School by his mom because he was the only kid that young who could carry a tune and he has perfect pitch. Given guitar lessons from a very young age. Think he probably sitll has that old Martin.
@BetteMidler Happy Thanksgiving. I have an aunt &amp; uncle&amp; 4 cousins. Was no TV in house. A long refectory table in the kitchen. Meals were nourishing physically, emotionally, &amp; intellectually. 6 conversations simultaneously. 2 Chemical Engs,MBA, MD, Env Sci. Princeton, Stanford, Tufts, Cal.
@neal_katyal I was just going to say Kelly has to know this is illegal. And he has to know what will happen in the chain of command if anyone discharges a weapon down there.
@bubbagump324 Have you ever watched any of those old John Ford movies. The ones with the cavalry charges. She will likely get lost in the dust.
@joncoopertweets Don't bet on it. They haven't packed the court yet. I would like them to wait until Pelosi is Speaker.
@mickbk Why does he do that? Why does he repeatedly demonstrate his ignorance? Is he really that clueless?
@MalcolmNance In Okinawa I, farm boy, was made Motor T 4 a Marine towed artillery battalion. Brass forgot 2 call monitors @ HQ. 4 real one. Naval Gunfire Officer dressed like audition 4 HMS Pinafore. Zumwalt was CNO. Was said he lost steam @ Officer of the Deck @ destroyer. Happy Thanksgiving.
Have a good holiday people. https://t.co/9j3Dss7gZx
My deepest sympathies to the men &amp; women of our military sent down to the border for nothing but some miscreant's ego trip. Yes I have to respect the office &amp; I do, But I do not have to respect a creature that has repeatedly demonstrates its myriad ways of unfitness.
How many of you know what a Snipe hunt is? We this former farm boy and former Marine think the dumpster in chief has sent our fine military on down on the border is a modern version of a snipe hunt. Maybe they should each be issued a flashlight &amp; burlap sack instead of concertina
@Sharman6642 @neal_katyal Justice O'Connor got put on the court in AZ because Governor Babbitt a Democrat couldn't get any legislation past State Senate Majority Leader O'Connor a Republican. Like Earl Warren a Republican had been Governor of California rational application of the law most do the time.
@joncoopertweets I had a Texas grandmother who would have understood Speaker Pelosi. She was beauty queen material in her youth looked 70 @ 100 and could either charm you ro scald the paint off your Abrams tank. Have a screamin argument with u in dining room take you into bar and buy you a drink.
@joncoopertweets These women who vocally announce their victimhood re their careers should watch a real genius at work. Speaker Pelosi seldom says very loudly what she is or will do. But things happened that she made happen. Teddy Roosevelt would understand.
@JoyceWhiteVance Any discharge of a weapon even straight up not in a constitutionally and UCMJ mode equals investigation &amp; the real investigative service of the appropriate branch of the service. Possibly their JAG as well. Any soldier shoots at someone will probably see the inside of Leavenworth
@AstronomerAmber I'm ex-Marine. Best shot w 45 automatic my mom.	Best rifle shot petite freckled faced brunette fm west Texas. 148 out of 150 on rifle range @ Quantico. Yes there is a bias vs women going 2 tech or showing interest in tech. But my background says women elders as responsible as men
@AstronomerAmber I grew up extended family of  capable women. Cousin1 MBA Chemical Eng Stanford- runs family multinational ag chemical bus; #2 MD Tufts; #3 Software Eng writes for General Dy servers 2nd- 3rd level top secret; #4 was basic lab researcher Roche. I wd simply b curious bad 2 assume
@Helenhs Cargill may benefit from Trumps trade war with China. I guess those farmers who voted republican this time never heard of these 2 guys. https://t.co/zcIVZrPvYY
@Sharman6642 @neal_katyal I would bet she regards that as a mistake. I seldom condemn a jurist or one decision. No I mean the whole body of her work. I expect this court to make an entire career of bad partisan hack job decisions that make that seem Solomon-like by comparison.
@MichaelSteele @POTUS I would be more inclined to accept robert's comments if Justice O'Connor or someone with her grounded in reality from time running the AZ Senate temperament was on the court. Until he starts proving his independence he is just another republican toady. Rub that shit off his nose.
@neal_katyal I would be if they would move a little closer to the middle &amp; try to follow Justice OConnor's example by trying to determine how any decision will impact the people who have to live with it. Her grasp of such things is why Governor Babbitt put her on the court. I miss her.
@jonallendc Nancy Pelosi has survived as the dems leader in the house 4 1 reason she's a deal maker. There is, as far as I know, no one on the democrats side of the aisle who the republicans are as afraid of. People scoffed at my comparison to Patton. Eisenhower needed him.Hitler feared him.
@danpfeiffer Or both
Stanley Tucci cooks an omelette 	https://t.co/vsAttoIlr1
Big Night https://t.co/3iJGE6fsXx
Mr. Tucci cooks an omelette. I can make an omelette. Mr. Tucci is obviously a gourmet chef. The artistically elegant way he wields a pan is almost a form of visual haiku. No lost motion. Like it is all in the wrist. He's the perfect narrator for a film about Mr. Pepin.
I nudged her &amp; asked if Mr. Shalhoub had the mercurial behavior right. Her entire body language gave me my answer. She was trying so hard not to laugh jer body was rigid, she was gritting her teeth, it was priceless. At the end of the movie when their dream is in ruins Mr. Tucci
And like many artists he cannot abide his customers belligerent attitude about what they want, At the time I was dating the lady who was in charge of the food service operation at UC Berkeley. And during one of Mr. Shalhoub's magnificent rants I nudged her &amp; asked if he had it
the tastes of American diners at the time can only be described as a pedestrian interpretation of Southern Italian. Heavy sauces and pizza. And what Mr Shalhoub's character, Primo, the artistic chef brother is preparing is refined Northern Italian. &amp; like many artists he cannot
Both he and his primary costar Tony Shalhoub should have won oscars.  The story revolves around 2 Italian immigrant brothers who come to America in the late '50's with the dream of running their own Italian restaurant. Unfortunately for them the tastes of their American diners
Last night I watched a rerun of an American Masters Program on Jacques Pepin and I noticed that Stanley Tucci was the narrator. How appropriate given that he is one of the writers and stars of one of the best movies about food that I ever saw. It is called "Big Night". Both he
Let me make one modification to that simile&gt; I should have said Pop Warner bench warmer. And given that it is my understanding that one of the principles of the Pop Warner Organization is that everyone gets to play one has to be really bad to warm the bench.
With the exception that the attacks came from the occupant of the wh, isn't candidate bone spurs attacking Admiral McRaven a bit like some kid in Pop Warner attacking Tom Brady?
@CTO1ChipNagel Another brilliant maneuver by the dumb shit in chief. Sales commodity 2 the largest economy or soon to be the largest economy on Earth. Sales down 94%. Means there's a need for soybeans equivalent to 94% of our previous shipments to China to be filled by someone else permanently.
@stucam7771 Yes, and most of thr forests in Northern California would have had several inches of rain from about mid October on in a normal pre-drought year, It is like John Wesley Poweel suggested over a 100 years ago. In the western US water (rain) will be more valuable than gold.
@stucam7771 Almost?
@CTO1ChipNagel Soybeans are a commodity. Which means they can be replaced by other sources. It s not like buying something man made that is based on either the English or metric system. Any place that has the soil, climate harvest, and a means to get them to market can replace us. Permanently.
@DeepStateShu @NancyPelosi I just think the dems should plan things out a bit better. I have been watching dc politics fro 60 years and the only person who might have been better at the nitty ritty of the job was Sam Rayburn the man who taught LBJ. If you have problems with her discuss them with her.
In honor of all of you who are too young to know who the original "Fearless Leader" was from "The Adventures of Rocky &amp; Bullwinkle: Boris *&amp; Natasha's boss see below: https://t.co/ZBUYB9OJNs
@RickPetree In honor of our "Fearless Leader's" exceptional knowledge of forest management and sweeping; The Lumberjack Song	https://t.co/Qj646yXAJZ
@RickPetree that's why I refer to those of his generation with capital letters and never touch the shift key with these. The shit key yes.
@RickPetree Howard Baker	 https://t.co/pB7qaU9eSX
Chances republicans will reach across the aisle or respond to dems reaching across the aisle. less than 0 unless it is something they want and will get all the credit for. Especially from newbies. A CIA vet should not be so naive.
Any time people on the outside believe they will have a better chance inside they will continue to try to get in. Build your wall, dummy, they will find other ways in. Solve the underlying problems. Much harder to define Solve the underlying problems and the pressure will lessen.
any time u have a barrier or membrane and u have more pressure on one side than the other NATURE will seek a balance or equilibrium. dumb shirt donald can build his wall (preferably w his own money including the private land he will have to buy). It wont work. Any time people
trump crows about all the fancy schools he went to. Ok he went. Well, he clearly either didn't go to class or didn't listen. He clearly failed Physics, Chemistry, and Psychology. Any time u have a barrier or membrane and u have more pressure on 1 side than the other NATURE will
@JRubinBlogger I am a former Republican who live in Marin County, CA. Not all of us out here are either impervious trumpsters or screaming liberals. My choice for president in 2020 is not even listed in the cavalry forming. She is a mid western Senator won her set by @ 30 I think
Stay out of cacti https://t.co/euspnqwVf2
Keep your clothes on people. Stay out of cacti. You have the services of the 2nd most effective legislator I have seen in 60 years of watching the Congress. Rayburn was the best only by a slim margin I'm sure Speaker Pelosi has no b in 4ever. Give you time 2 figure out who next.
People who want to get rid of Speaker Pelosi remind me of a guy I heard of. 1st guy was walking down the road when he saw 2nd guy climbing out of a cactus putting his clothes back on. B4 the 1st guy could ask him why he said "Well it seemed like a  good idea at the time." Keep
@MichaelSteele @NancyPelosi I suffered from adolescent omniscience once. I tried to light a M-80 firecracker with a sparkler. That particular waterproof fuse had 2 holes not just 1 at the tip. A spark found the hole @ the base. It destroyed the hearing in my left ear. Please people don;t be this stupid.
@MichaelSteele @NancyPelosi Some of these geniuses who say they want new leadership have about as much direction as Professor Richard Feinman had when he chose where to go next on his next vacation. He would spin the globe and put his finger down on it and that is where is next vacation would be.
@MichaelSteele @NancyPelosi Mr. Chairman: It is one of the reasons why when I changed my registration from Republican when that party had left me that I did not change it to democrat.They can do stupid real well.  Getting rid of Speaker Pelosi at this point would be the height of stupidit
@McFaul @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer I'm am a registered Indenpendent. If these fools toss speaker Pelosi out they will be tossing my money and support at the house level. And I don't think I am alone. And they need us if they want to keep the house.
@TheBeatWithAri @hardball Do we know what those vote numbers were? Can we build our own totals to compare? Seems to me the voter registration drive for the next gubernatorial race should begin this minute. Turn DeSantis, the bigot, into a one trick pony.
@joncoopertweets It reminds me of Chico Marx dressed as Groucho crawling out from under the bed " Tell Mrs. Ritrenhouse" "Who yoiu gonna believe? Me or your own eyes?"https://t.co/QtLbMnSteq
RT @JimCanOps: @joncoopertweets R U Ready for the SNL skit on this?
@joncoopertweets R U Ready for the SNL skit on this?
@JoeNBC We he's no Clark Kent. And that orange stuff he smears on his face is sure not lipstick.
@RadioFreeTom @WhitfordBradley Conitinuing to win is going to take an ability to be a good bar tender. How to make the right blend of policies and people.
@RadioFreeTom @WhitfordBradley Now might be a good time to find out who among the new corp r good at these things.
@RadioFreeTom @WhitfordBradley Mr. Nichols: Ms. Pelosi &amp; I have our differences. But I think that we (i'm a registered Independent) should get at least the legislative agenda &amp; the investigative agendas moving forward &amp; begin succession discussions. Some discussion of apprenticeship or the like may be in order
@jdjamz @LeilaWalsh8 @joanwalsh @MEPFuller @MaxRose4NY OK GENIUS WHO?
@mitchellvii 20 years ago it rained in October regularly.  Temperature on average higher and humidity lower your past is past. Climate is warming. Hey Rip Van Winkle wake up!
@NathanLerner We need to treat this blue wave as the 1st ripple. The rise in the political ocean that we need to sweep into the senate and the wh and keep the house begins today. No rest. Keep up the march. This is not a sprint it is an ultra-marathon. The Western Stats 100 of Politics. Onward
@RickPetree @mkraju I don't think either side has had a leader this effective sine Sam Rayburn. Even LBJ deferred to "Mr. SAM". Work with her &amp; learn. When the transition comes make sure she feels it is in good hands. Make the sale 2 the voters. Where do the repubs really stand on health care etc.
@RickPetree @mkraju You young folks want to get your concerns heard beyond the democratic caucus work with Pelosi behind closed doors. Once the legislation passed by the house dems &amp; shot down by mcconnell shows America where the 2 parties stand then the case will be made 4 all dems in all 3 places.
Maybe this what trump was worried about	The wicked witch the Wizard of OZ melting	https://t.co/NgguGSZ9bd
@OutlierShME @RickPetree @matthewamiller Is this their version of "Weekend at Bernie's?"
@neal_katyal I didn't realize the house could be that line item like on funding?
@RickPetree @matthewamiller One of several plot lines in Lonestar https://t.co/yw3HluuAd4
@RickPetree @matthewamiller One final note if Chris Cooper character didn't want to sleep w Elizabeth Pena's character he's nuts. More out of touch than McDormand's character.
@RickPetree @matthewamiller Pay attention you'll miss her. She so inhabits a character often don't realize its her. Dallas Cowboy's jersery nice. Chris Cooper, Elizabeth Pena, Matthew McConaughey, Ms. McDormand, &amp; 1 of my 10 favorite villians of all Kris Kristofferson. "You're in America now speak English."
@RickPetree @matthewamiller And since she's worked w/ the Cohen's on Raising AZ have Holly Hunter play sarah sanders.
@RickPetree @matthewamiller Ever seen a John Sayles movie called "Lonestar". Filmed in Eagle Pass, TX. Deals with the 3 communities in a small Tx border town. McDormand a scream.4 someone who grew up on the border of AZ, Sonora, Baja, &amp; California I have to say 4 a kid from NJ Sayles got a lot of it right.
@RickPetree @matthewamiller You betcha
@RickPetree @matthewamiller Perhaps we could get the Cohen's to do the movie and have Frances McDorman play Melaina?
@RickPetree @formerfloozy @matthewamiller I'm hearing the the person the 1st Lady's Office Dissed was not a team player perhaps we own Melania an apology for taking the lead. Is this Nancy Reagan vs, Don Regan? Just as promised John Cleese in drag https://t.co/p0N9YP18kX
@matthewamiller People who r actually qualified to work for the American people probably woudln't a job here without a lifetime supply of valium.
@RickPetree @matthewamiller I don't think the writers for Mony Python or SNL could image the hallucinogenic atmosphere in the wh these days. John Cleese in drag?
RT @RickPetree: @matthewamiller BIG. FLOTUS (who lacks professional qualifications of any kind) appears to have taken down the #2 official…
@Real_JamesCain @politico Yeah an egomaniac who didn't listen to his more knowledgeable advisors and led a regiment of cavalry into a battle with something like 100 to 1 odd with people still considered the finest light cavalry in the history of warfare. Bye
@Real_JamesCain @politico Are always this literal. I'm ending this conversation.
@JoyceWhiteVance Not if you're trump. He played golf with them b4 I;m sure. People who thought and operated like him. No problema.
@Real_JamesCain @politico fortunately you're not in charge. The solution will take time and now is not the time to change horses. Now is the time to start passing legislation to force mcconnell to shoot them down and start building the platform for 2020. &amp; start investigations.  Establish beachhead 1st
@Real_JamesCain @politico Like I said as long as Citizen's United is on the books corporations are going to have to be woven into any solution. And getting it off the books will probably take 30 years and a constitutional amendment.  Slow down. All or nothing someone anyone approach recipe for disaster.
@Real_JamesCain @politico @1600 Secure the beachhead and make the traniition on their terms. The someone anyone approach is a recipe for Galipoli instead of Guadancanal.
@Real_JamesCain @politico The Soviets were smarter about such things as this than us. The second most successful sniper they had in Stalingrad was a woman. One lady survived the war with 309 confirmed kills.
@Real_JamesCain @politico Know who Boudica was? Celtic queen. If her people had the training &amp; armarment technology of Rome, would have kicked their asses off British Isles. Best pistol shot &amp; best rifle shot ever met were women. Petite brunette  missed 2 bulls eyes out of 30 on the rifle range @ Quantico
@Real_JamesCain @politico Who you gonna replace her with? She's probably ready to retire. But she's got one more mission. Democratic Senate, Democratic House, and Democratic woman as primary resident @1600 Pennsylvania Ave. And train the next generation of Democratic House Leaderships. Woman Speaker.
@Real_JamesCain @politico Pelosi is about results. Right after they lost the house some uninformed reporter asked her why she should remain in charge &amp; why the repubs were against her. She looked at the male reporter like that was the dumbest question she'd ever heard and said,  "Because I'm effective."
@Real_JamesCain @politico I have someone in mind for mr. Schumer's job. And they too wear skirt most of the time. She could start tomorrow. If my life was on the line I'd follow Pelosi and Schumer would be"in the rear with the gear."
@Real_JamesCain @politico I dare you to go up against her. She's the 1st and only woman ot hold that post. She started her political career in the inner harbor in Baltimore. Not SF. You think she holds those guys in line by being a lady. I guess you never met a modern Boudica.
@Real_JamesCain @politico I think at this point The 5th Dimension's song "Carpet Man" would be appropriate for anyone you folks would come up with to replace her.https://t.co/F9Tk9qcBo2
@Real_JamesCain @politico Like her or not, and I have my differences with her, she is the Dems George S. Patton, Jr. And like Hitler was afraid fo Patton mcconnel and trump are afraid of her. Remove her for anythign short of total incompetence and you are playing into their hands.
@Real_JamesCain @politico After Patton slapped that soldier in Italy Omar Bradley distanced himself from Patton. Eisenhower knew he needed Patton leading troops. Hitler was so in awe of Patton he wouldn't release 2 divisions of tanks to go to Normandy cause Patton &amp; his phony army were across from Calais.
@Real_JamesCain @politico In a sense my approach to this problem is like Obama. If you come up with a suggested change you better be ready to own the consequences and you had better have thought it through down to the Googleplex of iterations. So at this point as he would ask"What then?"
@Real_JamesCain @politico Pelosi's talking about bipartisanship is just that. No one on the dem side is more aware of how unlikely that anything we want passed will get republican support than Pelosi.  There are lots of us who feel she should stay in her job for now.
@Real_JamesCain @politico Will hear lots of people talking cooperation. You wont see anyone in a position to do anything actually move anything 2 the senate floor. Now is not the time to put a trainee in the speakers chair. The repubs started to get Pelosi nonsense because she makes their life miserable.
@Real_JamesCain @politico Don't be so naive. As long as Citizen's United is on the books and it takes the kind of money it takes to get anything done corporations and billionaires will be players and you will have to compromise with them. This is not a reality tv show.
@Real_JamesCain @politico You find someone the whole dem groups will follow &amp; who can get legislation sent to senate today. I'll listen. I was of voting age at watergate. You don't have to like somebody to follow them. Anything to progressive wont pass muster with majority of voters.
@Real_JamesCain @politico As long as the republicans hold the senate impeachment is impossible. The house dems can waste political capital &amp; staff time playing that game. It is a political box canyon. There are other ways to send the message &amp; to inform the public. The repubs can't pass one bil lw/o dems
@Real_JamesCain @politico As for Pelosi's speech I am reminded of Chief Dan George's remembrance of the Cherokee's dealing with the Great White Father in his role in the movie "The Outlaw Josie Wales" Endeavor to Persevere Watch what she does not what she says.https://t.co/G0Qwfm6kRT
@Real_JamesCain @politico Once they have those two track moving, then the subpoenas can begin to be sent.  Impeachment is a explosive word. It will go nowhere with the republican in control in the senate. Investigations. With as much of the incriminating findings made public as possible better.
@Real_JamesCain @politico I think the dems need to sork 1st at establishing the hypocrisy of the republicans on healthcare. Once the dems have established, via bills passed and sent to the senate that they will not pass their legislative intent, while quietly in parallel working on fact finding.
@politico To those who would oust Congresswoman Pelosi I say. Find someone as effective &amp; then begin your efforts. As a former Marine Artillery Officer I say unless you have a credible alternative you are not starting your new career showing much tactical or strategic sense. Wise Up!
I think I know why trump, scott, rubio, etc. All the republicans are claiming fraud. They thought their dirty trick would be enough. trump so-called reality star who can't handle reality not of his own making.
Those scruffy people standing behind Ari Melber on MSNBC down in FL. Do they have or are my tax dollars supporting them on Welfare? Maybe we should lock them up.
@jpodhoretz Not a democrat but on their side on most and we must continue to build on these modest gains.
@atDavidHoffman Or worse. Racist, bully, misogynist. Shall we go on?
@MeetThePress @hardball If the democrats don't the number of candidates running it will turn into a modern political charge of the light brigade. They lost. Nice poem.
@thehill Can be arranged especially if the rope is around her neck.
@tribelaw @Yamiche @AprilDRyan @abbydphillip I think a press boycott until New Years just on general grounds that press including those fine folks are not in the habit of listening to such low lifes.
@MacMcKinseyIV Also, someone should remind ms. Palin "It's better to let people think you're an idiot than to open your mouth and prove for them."
@MacMcKinseyIV Need no plot the republican can handle that on their own just fine/Old adage. "If it looks like dog shit and smell like dog shit no need to taste it."  republicans are more than looking like ti these days.
@ColMorrisDavis @realDonaldTrump @Morning_Joe The building and the office yes. The occupants. NO
@bringthedudenin @thepondinthebox @stevesilberman @belindaofficial pay attention to the news and you will have your answer.
@AnnCoulter In high school I took a chemistry class where using he scientific method we had to determine the mystery substance. The tools today are different but the process us the same and we have determined that you are fecal matter. Normal for ass holes.
@bringthedudenin @thepondinthebox @stevesilberman @belindaofficial Are a bit or have you been paying attention to the news?
@HowardA_Esq NO
@MichaelSteele Sounds like mama chastising her kid who got caught stealing from the cookie jar. Always trying to be the hero an never taking any responsibility. I'll bet he thinks to use a very old saw "His shit don't stink!" Only cartoon character can get away with that.
@bringthedudenin @thepondinthebox @stevesilberman @belindaofficial Has there ever been an analysis of where the nra's funds come from? I suspect the law abiding gun owners are a beard. That the bulk of the nra's money that did not come from russia comes from Colt, Armalite, Remington, Winchester and so on. Lax gun laws benefit them.
@YAppelbaum @TheAtlantic 3 people overcoming the odds: Alvin York - Conscientious objector: Audie Murphy lied about his age Victor Krulak Sr. too short for Annapolis. Got in anyway. Supposedly his unit rescued Kennedy. Sat across the desk from LBJ told him off. Resigned the next day. Son was Commandant.
Once again I am reminded of Mac Davis;s song "It's Hard to Be Humble" I mean trump must seriously think like Davis was making fun of in his song. It must be a lonely existence. https://t.co/nBcVOvdws5
@kellymagsamen I have Masters Business from-UCDavis The best human resources advice I ever got was from an 8511 Military Occupational Specialty Drill Instructor Saturday afternoon when could have been home w/ family. "You can get almost anyone to do almost anything if they know why." Semper Fi!
https://t.co/w7Nm7pIa3D
Master trump &amp; co need to accept one undeniable fact. Even if he manages to avoid 2 term limit Constitutional Amendment he will eventually be not a sitting president &amp; will be subject to the laws of this country- not russia. So Fram Oil filter -&gt; "Pay me Now or Pay Me Later"
@ArtByTez @CKcrusader @realDonaldTrump Then you have floods and debris flows. Like Montecito.  No tree to stop the debris flows when it does rain. Clear cutting it not proper management either, Mono culture is not the answer. Acceptance that the climate is getting warmer would be a good place to start.
@thepondinthebox @bringthedudenin @stevesilberman @belindaofficial PEOPLE THE GUNFIGHT AT THE OK CORRAL WAS OVER GUN CONTROL. Any town that any of the Earp's managed you come into town you hand in your gun(s). You leave town get your gun(s) back on your way out.
@thepondinthebox @bringthedudenin @stevesilberman @belindaofficial Those people who cut the barrels of thei AR-15's didn't take them out of operation. Sawing the barrel shorter. You can probably go on line and buys a new barrel. Sherman necktie or sawing the weapon in half down it center line are the only ways I know to take them out of use.
@thepondinthebox @bringthedudenin @stevesilberman @belindaofficial Finding the illegal ones requires stronger bonds between the law enforcement &amp; community. Buy backs generally only get guns from law abiding citizens. And often those guns sold back into the community someplace else. We should apply the Sherman necktie to the firing mechanisms.
@thepondinthebox @bringthedudenin @stevesilberman @belindaofficial But until it can be made personal and tangible and visceral putting a federal law on the books wont change much in rural areas. Until the impact is the same in both place laws wont change much. We can put them on the books.
@thepondinthebox @bringthedudenin @stevesilberman @belindaofficial If there was some way to have the rural areas where guns are easy to get lose people to guns in the #'s that a place like Oakland, CA does. If the fabric of those small communities started tearing liek Oakland has bene doing for decades perhaps they would get on board.
@thepondinthebox @bringthedudenin @stevesilberman @belindaofficial Andy gun law(s) thart work have to be administered nationally. I can go from here in California to Nevada or Arizona and I don't think it is much harder than buying chewing gum but not much.
@thepondinthebox @bringthedudenin @stevesilberman @belindaofficial I did not say easy gun laws. There are too many guns out there. And too many people who have guns who shouldn't &amp; not just nuts. People who have guns in the house are too likely to get someone in that family killed o permanently maimed. I don't think you've been reading my posts.
@BarbMcQuade @MSNBC But I do think Jim Harbaugh has found a home. But I don't think this late in the season Rutgers?
@bringthedudenin @thepondinthebox @stevesilberman @belindaofficial How do I know about his methods. I knew a few people he had one of those meetings with.
@bringthedudenin @thepondinthebox @stevesilberman @belindaofficial Growing up near Yuma, one of my shirttail relatives was the chief narc on police force. If he knew you were dealing and were worth saving he would call you into his office- show you the case he had on you. Get out of the business today or you're going away. A 90% conviction rate
@bringthedudenin @thepondinthebox @stevesilberman @belindaofficial We do if we if we deal with the underlying problems that cause people to buy those guns in the 1st place. if the authorities whoever they may be have a a good enough relationship in the community they have people letting them know who has a potentially illegal gun. Trust.
@bringthedudenin @thepondinthebox @stevesilberman @belindaofficial Probably most if not all not purchased in Illinois. My 7th &amp; 8th grade civics teacher once said the rights granted by the Constitution were limited to the point my exercise of my rights does not limit your right to exercise your rights. Taking his position the is NRA's wrong.
@thepondinthebox @bringthedudenin @stevesilberman @belindaofficial My father's way of dealing w the potential for an impulsive act- put every gun in the house, of which there were many, in a safe out in the garage. Which was a separate building. Every gun save my mother's High Standard .22 derringer. In her bedside table. Unwanted intruders dead
@thepondinthebox @bringthedudenin @stevesilberman @belindaofficial I spent the better part fo 3 yrs in the Marines, And contrary to stereotypes the best rifle shot I ever met a petite brunette 2nd Lt. from Texas (missed 2 bullseyes out of 30) on the Quantico rifle range. Mom could put the clip from a 45 automatic inside a grapefruit at 25 yards.
@thepondinthebox @bringthedudenin @stevesilberman @belindaofficial There's a lot of people out their who should not have guns in their hands. People who don't set out to shoot anyone but they do.
@thepondinthebox @bringthedudenin @stevesilberman @belindaofficial Back in the '60's there was a game farm in eastern AZ. They bred and raised breeding bulls. They stocked the ranch w pheasants &amp; Chukars. One time the lady of the place was leading a hunting party when 1 of her party shot into the brush ahead of him hitting her full in the face.
@thepondinthebox @bringthedudenin @stevesilberman @belindaofficial I quit deer hunting when I was in college. The price of meat went up significantly &amp; suddenly people who should not have had a cap pistol in their hands were hunting. There is a condition called "buck fever" where a person gets so eager to kill something the shoot at any movement
@thepondinthebox @bringthedudenin @stevesilberman @belindaofficial Most of the hunters I know would not be averse to requiring training like 4 cars &amp; a reasonable &amp; comprehensive national background check as long as there were safeguards that would keep the feds from taking their deer rifle or their $30,000 hand made Italian over &amp;under shotgun.
@Slate Too bad Portsmouth Naval Prison isn't still opened.
@Slate Being a no show at the ceremony in France doesn't help his crediblity.  Let's make sure the investigation gets finished completely. Extend the statute of limitations on any crime possibly a part of the mess so that he and his can be tried when he is out office if necessary.
Death Toll in Northern California Wildfire Rises to 23	https://t.co/O0QVbDO4G6
I agree. Mr. O'Rourke no time to waste. No matter the vitriol spewed from the republicans in Texas. Fair is fair. https://t.co/IACkF3LX6i
@BeSeriousUSA How do ignorant, ill informed, cowards celebrate? Cowering a fancy hotel that although updated was probably protected by the men who are buried in the cemetery he could not bring himself to visit due to a little water. We now know his spine is made of rice paper.
@kenolin1 It's typical bully behavior. When they might face an unpleasant situation they can't bully their way through the wimp (verb). Also, California Senator Diane Feinstein got a pacemaker installed earlier this year. Took one day off for that. She's 85 he's 72. Wimp (noun)
@davidfrum @adirado29 My guess is that Mr. Mueller has shared the info with every jurisdiction he thinks may legally serve as a backup. The only part of his mandate that would seem to be hard to share is Russian conspiracy (collusion). Can the Southern District of NY try Treason cases?
@JohnJHarwood Well they should know a thing or 2 about being crooked.
This is the Camp Fire the town of Paradise used to be uphill from Chico. Where the state university is. And where Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rogers played high school football before going to UC Berkeley.https://t.co/t0wyAEIaLO
@billamos I think we should give master trump an entrenching tool, a fire fighters space blanket, a couple of canteens, some boots and drop him downwind of the Paradise fire and wish him luck. Won't have to worry @ the rain. Probably can't teach this old mutt new tricks.
@hughhewitt @CNBC Yes what national coverage there is seems to be SoCal only.
@janewiedlin How did you get ordained?
@real_farmacist He probably voted for trump.
@20committee He can go to meetings w/putin but not to honor our war dead. Make sure he has plenty of wipes to get that brown stuff off his nose.
@brhodes BULLSHIT! How did all the other Heads of State get there. Harry Potters wand?
Please pass this on. The national news seems to think there's on the southern California fire. Hats off to Far West Stables https://t.co/r6eMsP6nHZ
@farweststables @lirpalomina @CalFire @CALFIRE_ButteCo @CALFIRE_PIO Thank you!
@tribelaw Professor you should apologize to pigs.
I believe that only President we ever had who if it had been possible to measure his intelligence who would be a certifiable genius- Abe Lincoln. For his time he was as tech savvy as Steve Jobs and he understood people better than either Bill Clinton or Reagan.
Lincoln would make a speech on the old networks (NBC, CBS, ABC, CNN, &amp; PBS) while simultaneously tweeting it out over twitter. Reagan make his speech standing @main pedestrian crossing in El Paso, TX w his arm on Beto O'Rourke shoulder. Both wearing  jeans &amp; chambray shirts boots
I'm going to make a prediction about how Ronald Reagan and Abraham Lincoln would address the trump cabal and the dc political managers calling themselves republicans and trying to wrap themselves in the those 2 mens's robes. Lincoln would make a speech on the old
@RickPetree Ronnie was 73. And judging by Nancy's attire it was not bermuda shorts weather that either. Of course Ronnie was the master of the proper image. Disagree with him like I did at times you couldn't argue with his leadership. Like admitting to trading arms  . . .
@AriMelber Ari do you cook. Can you make homemade Ice cream. Baskin Robbins used to have a flavor guaranteed to keep you up. Espresso. It had depleted coffee grounds in it.
@RickPetree It's not his support staff. They've done these things b4. Point Du Hoc / Reagan	https://t.co/V9gQrTG4cr
@KevinMKruse As for trump taking aid away from California.  Creditor states, states who send more money to dc than they get back should consider balancing the scales. Then see how all those debtor states that elected republicans like it. To use a Bridge Game expression "no trump"
@AriMelber No.
@NSoames @joshtpm @realDonaldTrump He again shows why Colonel Duckworth calls him candidate bonespurs. And why I never use capital letter when referring to him.
@BillKristol Mr. Kristol: THANK YOU for remember us. Happy Birthday Sir. Thank You for your service. I consider the an open and free and honest press as much a part of the institutions that defend our way of life as my Marine Corps. Even those I occassionally disagree with. Semper Fi, Sir
@B52Malmet in 2020 let's not go in the tank like 1976.
@thepondinthebox @bringthedudenin @stevesilberman @belindaofficial How do we get people to understand the difference between being an observant fellow human being and being a snitch.
@thepondinthebox @bringthedudenin @stevesilberman @belindaofficial Perhaps we should make any one who goes into the juvenile justice system for a violent crime visit the coroner's office. But I haven't heard anything significant about of any of the recent mass shooters who made the national news being known to others as being a problem.
@thepondinthebox @bringthedudenin @stevesilberman @belindaofficial On my way to Quantico I worked a man who had been a Khe Sanh. He used a rifle refitted to use m16 brass to kill coyotes in the sheep herds we were tending.  Those guys I went to school with who beat that guy up with tire irons got his blood on them. People are not avatars.
@thepondinthebox @bringthedudenin @stevesilberman @belindaofficial I couldn't agree more. Grew up hunting rabbit, doves, ducks, javelina, and deer. First hand knowledge of how all types of guns impact what they hit. Then the Marines trained me as an artillery officer. They call us combined arms officers for good reason.
@JoyceWhiteVance Let's just tie him to a tree.
@dabeard @joncoopertweets I wonder what Carl Hiiasen has to say about this election?
@joncoopertweets F-
@JoyceWhiteVance Is he trump's version of Frank Nitti. A later version of the Syndicates enforcer who was"retired" to Tucson was living there when I went to the University of Arizona. Joe Bonanno.  But I think both Nitti and Bonanno were smarter than this dude.
@RickPetree One's a Republican and one's a Democrat, right? Well when Newsom becomes President maybe he can jointly give them the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
I have a question. trump just issued a proclamation that asylum seekers have 2 come through legal ports of entry correct? Acting like that was something new. Wasn't that the way thing were done for asylum seekers for decades before the liar in chief started running for president?
@RickPetree Those 2 shot down the anti-gay proposal in California if memory serves.
@thepondinthebox @stevesilberman @belindaofficial Yeah. That's why I used the example of those guys trying to kill that guy with ax handles and tire irons when I was in high school. They had to exert themselves. They had to get up close and personal. The victim was a person. Not a video game.
The Colt 1911A1 was designed to stop a person on speed w a machete coming at American GIs in the Philippines after the Spanish American War. The standard issue 38 special couldn't. The 45 could. Big and bulky and hard to shoot. My mom @ 25 yards whole clip inside a grapefruit.
If you need something to defend you home and family buy a pistol. You don't need a big magazine. Call 911. If you can't hit a person standing 10 ft in front of you with 4 shots. You shouldn't be owning a gun. If you can handle it buy a Colt 1911A! 45 caliber pistol it was
He used a Remington bolt action rifle to kill coyotes inside bands of sheep they were there to eat. He had been at Khe Sanh. He and his brothers had bored that rifle out to handle military brass. The caliber of the AR-15. Its a very messy weapon. If you need something to defend
Did anyone see the part of 60 Minutes this last Sunday on the AR-15. No one needs one of those unless they are hunting people. During the 2 months leading up to my induction into Marine OCS I herded  sheep in Gila Bend, Az. The man I worked for used a Remington bolt
@thepondinthebox @bringthedudenin @stevesilberman @belindaofficial I agree. Until the gun management law is Federal and is something like California's we will continue to have problems. A person can go the Reno from San Francisco claiming they are going gambling and come back with more guns, and guns they can't get in Cal and sooner
I have not experienced on line bullying. The bullying I experienced growing up was face to face. There were no equalizers. You had to deal with it. Fortunately, I was part of a large nosy extended family. Word spread faster than any modern news organization w/o smartphones.
@thepondinthebox @stevesilberman @belindaofficial No offense taken. I'm wondering if the intrusion of smart phones and the potential for greater feelings of isolation some people may feel could also be a factor.When I was in high school I was not part of the in crowd but I was close enough to interact with them directly.
to temporary ag whitaker and temporary president trump. You will eventually both be out of office. At which point if you have coimmitted aby crimes unfit justice kavenaugh's opinions about whether a sitting president can be indicted or sent to jail will not apply good luck guys?
@thepondinthebox @stevesilberman @belindaofficial I wasn't suggesting doing nothing. I was asking about how do we get the guns out of the hands of those who should not have them. How do we get the Glocks w drum magazines off the street. I'm a former Marine who thinks no one needs a gun that fires more than 9 rounds w/o reloading
If they had used a gun they would have been sent to a different room in the prison in Florence. The one where they would have been given Cyanide gas. Attitudes about guns &amp; capital punishment were different back then. We were not right about capital punishment were about guns.
When I was in high school more than 50 years ago some of my classmates tried to beat a man to death with tire irons, ax handles, and chains. They got sent to Florence. At the time the only maximum security prison was in Florence. Guns were harder 2 get. If they had used a gun
@stevesilberman @belindaofficial I agree with you. However, even if we passed sensible gun management legislation today, there are too many gun in too many of the wrong hands. And there are too many guns that are too violent and fire too fast and fire too many rounds out there.  What can we do?
@LadyCrabz @slater_rose Same back at you keep your chin up. We will prevail.
@harrygod @RickPetree I don't think I've ever seen him caught flat footed. And unlike trump he looks right at the camera. Kind of like "Yes Travis Bikel I am talking to you!"
@JRubinBlogger @thehill On singular sensation.
@harrygod @RickPetree Yes, &amp; on the gay rights track. Even b4 the law was passed he was marrying gay couples in the rotunda of San Francisco City Hall as mayor. Also, Jesuit ed at Santa Clara. Former star baseball pitcher. Seriously Dyslexic. And if trump tries to use it he may turn into Joseph Welch
@harrygod @RickPetree I  didn't think you were. I had my differences w Reagan 2 conserv. &amp; have em with Newsom a bit 2 lib. Both men's hearts in right place. If Newsom 2 hold memorial for 1000 Oaks fallen. Bring Willie &amp; Keith Urban to Sepulveda Resevoir. LA Coleseium too small. https://t.co/dIGKQON2OH
@ericgarland I think the dems should run on 2 tracks. Investigate/Investigate and flood the senate with potential bills for all the things they ran on and we should not stop registering voter&amp; lawsuits vs states where voter suppression is clear should flood their AG's to the point of gridlock
@RadioFreeTom @RuthMarcus His appointment? he was not vetted by senate &amp; AG can't make laws or decide arbitrarily that he doesn't like a law on the books. If memory serves he need a case to take to court to challenge any precedent. That one would be a dangerous gambit to play. Roberts should deny review.
@harrygod @RickPetree Yes, he was married b4. So was the guy most republican bosses wrongly try to wrap themselves in his robes - Ronald Reagan. At time of his rise to the White House from California's Governor's Mansion. Fun fact- Reagan's 2nd wife would not live in Gov Stanford's Governors Mansion.
@RickPetree @harrygod He is likely why we have gay and lesbian rights. He got a Democratic lawyer &amp; a Republican lawyer to take down the anti-gay proposition in California. He can probably draw bigger crowds than trump. He&amp; some well heeled friends put together successful little company - Plump Jack.
@RickPetree @harrygod I've been without power since 4:30 AM local but I think I did hear from a likely contender for the office of President of the US. You may not like him but I don't know of any skeletons in his closet. He's handsome, articulate, and draws crowds for + reasons. Gavin Newsom.
@WillieGeist 	In Flanders fields the poppies blow 	Between the crosses, row on row,  	That mark our place, and in the sky,  	The larks, still bravely singing, fly,  	Scarce heard amid the guns below.  ...
@WillieGeist I think everyone should learn the poem Flanders Field now!
@PressSec "Bullshit sarah". That should be your new name.
@ClaraJeffery @bluegigi Not right now. Another mass shooting. This at what ws supposed to be a "safe" bar for oung people in Thousand Oaks, CA.
The more young people like these kids in Southern California who die unnecessarily, the more indefensible the position of the bosses at the nra and the gun lobby becomes. These kids' blood is on your hands.
Message to people who support to lak gun laws: Your intransigence is going to cost you. You may have to lock you gun up at a gun club &amp; sign it out. It is going to swing against you. Sad 2 say the more young people like these kids in Southern California who die unnecessarily the
If we have to start making people take psych test to buy a gun so be it. They could have compromised. But Nooooooo. Now I think the pendulum is swiinging against them. The 2nd Amendment was never intended to make guns easier to get than bubble gum. Message to people who support
To every one out there who cares about our county. The insane ease with which people can get their hands on guns has to stop. I'm an ex Marine Artillery Officer who grew up in in a house full of guns. The nra's more strident factions and their followers have created this. If we
In Flanders Field Is a poem written by a Canadian Physician &amp; Surgeon who was serving in th World War I, It was written in memory of a friend who died in battle. He would later die of pneumonia and be buried with full military honors during the war.
Take up our quarrel with the foe:	     To you from failing hands we throw	        The torch; be yours to hold it high.	        If ye break faith with us who die	     We shall not sleep, though poppies grow	              In Flanders fields.
We are the dead, short days ago 	       We lived, felt dawn, saw sunset glow,	        Loved and were loved, and now we lie	              In Flanders fields.
"In  Flanders Fields"	     In Flanders fields the poppies blow	           Between the crosses, row on row, 	        That mark our place; and in the sky	        The larks, still bravely singing, fly	     Scarce heard amid the guns below.
I think we need to start stacking pine boxes in front of nra   headquarters. Or planting crosses. Like the poem "Flanders Field"
@RickPetree @harrygod You mean like Collins &amp; Flake (aptly named) their hands over kavenaugh but in the end wimped. As we knew they would. I think each republican in dc's own graven image it their congressional or senatorial seat. Should we tie each of their seats around their necks make em wear em?
@RickPetree @harrygod Can Nadler subpoena all Mueller's got?
You go guys!!!!! https://t.co/Wi7KXyUN4O
@RickPetree @harrygod Do you agree the republican in the senate will sit on their hands except to ring them and cry crocodile tears?
@RickPetree @harrygod Sir did you serve in the govt/military?  I don't know @ the code of  conduct 4 the DOJ but in the military there was a code of conduct. After the oath they made clear that you had a duty to disobey a clearly illegal order. Beyond firing Mueller lifers may have that to deal with
@mkraju Put a sock in it senator. You crocodile tears are unwelcome. and so are you. You wont do anything any more than any of your republican complicit cohorts.
@RickPetree @harrygod Ok, we now have a more immediate problem than 2020. What do we do? Where is the Elliot Richardson in this mix and would anyone in the wh respond in a sane way. And I think we can assume mitch and the senate republicans will look the other way.
@RickPetree So now do we get to see how many Elliot Richardson wannabe there are in the Justice Department and how diffuse has Mueller been with information? And how likely is it that the entire hierarchy of the justice department simply develops a blue flu?
@MichaelSteele I disagree. Investigating the trump family finances goes to motivation for conspiracy woith the russians and other bad actors. Besides, mr. whittaker you may be able to hobble the mueller probe but congressman jerry nadler can ask for and get all thee documents needed to continue
@RickPetree @harrygod Like the jail James Garner built beginning with a can of red paint to keep Bruce Dern locked up in the movie "Suppoert Your Local Sheriff"
@RickPetree @harrygod And once they have sucked all the glacial water out of the Ogallala aquifer they may need another business model than conventional ag.
@RickPetree @harrygod And maybe be more assertive about alternative energy. How much of the midwest is wind farms and solar? You don't need to confront them about global warming but about making money off that patch of ground where nothing grows.
@RickPetree @ProfessorShaw @harrygod So the adjustments in the tax code may need to include special clauses for family farms and other small business.
@RickPetree @ProfessorShaw @harrygod When my father died unexpectedly he wasn't going to die his will was 16 yrs old &amp; like most farmers his estate was leveraged above the part his hair. Tax tables hadn't been indexed 4 inflation &amp; the IRS hit us w a 75% inheritance tax. I'm simpatico 2 being land rich &amp; money poor
@ProfessorShaw @RickPetree @harrygod Do you think we could get John Danforth and Nancy Kassebaum to go out and hold town halls on such things as readjusting the tax code?
@RickPetree @harrygod Hey folks BOHICA
@Olivianuzzi Further proof we have an imbecile in the white house.
@RickPetree @harrygod How do we get into a forum where he or his minions might hear or read it. Like ask him his opinion of a state's officer in charge of elections being allowed 2 run in that election. Knowing that he can't answer but keep putting the bug in his ear until it gets under his skin.
@RickPetree @harrygod Nothing too over the top. Just enough make feel like they got an itch they can't scratch for at least another 6 years.
@RickPetree @harrygod I think every time some republican was voted in where a dem senator was voted out does something that those voters wont like, we also need to ding the folks who voted the cur in. Ala Lloyd Bentsen's comments to Dan Quayle. "Senator would not have done that."
@RickPetree @harrygod For example, how do we get The Voting Rights Act reconstituted with the republicans having control of the senate and a vested interest in The Voting Rights Act remaining toothless?
@jonfavs Now lying mitch is caught between nancy &amp; these 3 states. What next the mcconnell memorial preexisting condition coverage guarantee?
@Kokomothegreat Georgia needs people of color need to take over the levers of power beginning at the city council level. People responsible 4 this can feel a little of what it feels like. Accomodation &amp; assimilation would have been so much less painful in the long run 4 those responsible 4 this.
@MindOfMo @ReginaldALawso1 @PamelaPatriot Perhaps some billionaire who really is worth $10B could buy them at the price trump claims they are worth then donate them to the municipalities and take a tax write off. I could King Solomon doing something like that. Put up or shut up donald.
@MindOfMo @ReginaldALawso1 @PamelaPatriot Perhaps those entities should use eminent domain, something he's fond of when he's on the other end of the sword, to take these apparently worthless properties off trumps hands and sell them.
@PamelaPatriot @MindOfMo @ReginaldALawso1 In the Jailhouse Now	https://t.co/uimG0qR24O
If the courts rule that NY can't sue a sitting president doesn't it also follow that he can't be a party to any suit filed against his family members or the assets under their care. Which as I understand it Eric has charge of everything?
Every time some republican senator voted into what had been a dem senate seat does something or says something threatening to their constituent's(who voted for them) socialism that they don't think of as socialism we should remind them "you voted for this lout."
@RickPetree I know there are a lot of people who for various reasons don't like Nancy Pelosi.  I kind of think of her as the dems George S. Patton, Jr. in a skirt. I have some very strong differences w her. But until they can train someone to be that effective don't change horses
@MindOfMo @PamelaPatriot @ReginaldALawso1 We need to make as much use of those governor's mansions as we can with regard to the composition of their in state districts and play up the pain trumps international economic mismanagement is causing midwestern ag interests. And remind those states who voted for trump senators
@MindOfMo @PamelaPatriot @ReginaldALawso1 I wonder if her company makes a stylish orange jumpsuit?
@MindOfMo @ReginaldALawso1 @PamelaPatriot I would hope this lawsuit is only the beginning of the various states' actions vw the trump family. I would not shed a tear if all the adult trumps ended up in some lock up &amp; their assets were pared down to @$100M. You think they could live on that. ?about UK laws &amp; golf courses?
@MindOfMo @ReginaldALawso1 @PamelaPatriot But if the NY AG can dismantle the trump empire the impact will be the same. When hes no longer in the WH finish the job. And any criminal proceedings that may issue from Mueller's investigation that ensnare the kids, the less than supremes will have little they can do.
@RickPetree @harrygod The full force Voting Rights Act was the main reason systematic voter suppression was no longer a widespread  problem.
@RickPetree @harrygod Citizens United has got to go. We need to make it necessary for any entity that is granted the right to vote must be twi things. As Mr. Spock would say it must be a carbon based life form and it must have a human pulse. "Captain CU does not compute!"
@MindOfMo @ReginaldALawso1 @PamelaPatriot I may be hoping for something that can't happen but sending jr &amp; eric to jail &amp; NY's RICO Lawsuit dismantling the trump empire would help. If roberts agrees 2 hear either he will permanently damage the credibility of his court even further after his underhanded trick 4 kavenaugh.
@RickPetree @harrygod There's a pretty good article in the Washington Post this AM about the 5 things the dems need to do starting with their swearing in. One of those thing: fix the voting rights act.
I am a white, Anglo Saxon Agnostic who hopes we have a whole lot more of this. The more our society represents the make up of the world at large. &amp; the more our government represents that society in all its diversity the more effective we will be as a people and society.3 Cheers! https://t.co/mJmm8YjBXd
RT @naretevduorp: .@MSNBC is still putting @hughhewitt on the air - And I still switch the channel when they do.		If you want MSNBC to keep…
@TomPerez @TheDemocrats Up to the point that your one size fits all message to me that was completely wrong turned me off I had donated 20x the previous most. There will be no more contributions to any democratic candidate until your understanding of who you represent is as refined as the Koch Brothers.
@TomPerez @TheDemocrats Tonight was kissing your sister. Professor Tribe - "trumpism is still on the march." Your market research https://t.co/FI0PrawHX6 the kavenaugh hearings message from one of your entities saying "Your senators are unsure about kavenaugh" Harris &amp; Feinstein unsure? It turned me off
@davidchivers @TheRickWilson @ChuckGrassley @SteveKingIA Don;t give either of those men any hallucinogens they don't need any.
@WillPierceDude @RadioFreeTom You are entirely welcome.
@WillPierceDude @RadioFreeTom Probably. So you and I gotta keep our feet on the pedal. Today is just the beginning. We cannot. Let up we have to keep the people at the top on our side awake and focused. Have a great day.
@emmaestrub @TinaSmithMN @IlhanMN @amyklobuchar @reploeffler @irenekfernando @julieblaha @peggyflanagan And the Oval Office behind the desk!
@WillPierceDude @RadioFreeTom If it weren't for the harm it would do 2 millions of defenseless people who just hanging on I wouldn't mind seeing the republican keeping control of both houses. Then these deaf to reality types would see the truth as they lose their health care, social security &amp; medicare.
@WillPierceDude @RadioFreeTom Actually there is a generally regarded formal definition of the word that has nothing to do with perception. However, when the word is misused to scare people your working definition may apply.
@quaker4change @bjcreigh @mcspocky @wesley_jordan @goodoldcatchy @BetsyGervasi @MrBizznitch @mrdolcethecat @MissNyetTrump @mommamia1217 @therealdrix78 @IsaiahAProphet @QuancyClayborne @brycetache @britin17k @KikiAdine @kimmyifuplease @pebbles9010 @ShelbyKStewart @debiowens @myserenity69 I got to see it when part of the collection came to San Francisco's Asian Art Museum. WOW
@RadioFreeTom I'm a former Republican who's politics a bit right of Rachael Maddow who says her politics are Eisenhower she says makes her a liberal. Those wind tunnel residents would scream bloody murder if you tried to take their socialism, social security, farm bill, health care away.
@quaker4change @bjcreigh @mcspocky @wesley_jordan @goodoldcatchy @BetsyGervasi @MrBizznitch @mrdolcethecat @MissNyetTrump @mommamia1217 @therealdrix78 @IsaiahAProphet @QuancyClayborne @brycetache @britin17k @KikiAdine @kimmyifuplease @pebbles9010 @ShelbyKStewart @debiowens @myserenity69 I believe the original of that beautiful block print is in the James Michener Collection at the University of Hawaii. GO VOTE!!!!
@naretevduorp @ReginaldALawso1 @DonaldJTrumpJr @BarackObama Just a reminder: 4 days to a National Holiday. Semper Fi! Please drink responsibly.
@naretevduorp @ReginaldALawso1 @DonaldJTrumpJr @BarackObama trump and his ilk caused the financial sink hole Obama lifted us out of. The economic wave was moving along just fine when this bunch of crooks started taking credit for it. Next thing they will try to claim credit for the sun rise. This ex-Marines says thank U 4 your svc.
@funder @ReginaldALawso1 Perhaps he too should move to russia. Of course once he's no longer in office putin may justin send him to some work camp.
@chrislhayes There's a record store in Santa Rosa. They sell vinyl, cds, you name it. In the production business. The most technologically ept bunch guys I know. They record every transaction in spiral notebook w/ a bic pen. Cash registers only connection to the wall has 3 prongs.
@chrislhayes Chris. As I said b4 I live in Marin County, CA. I guess there were never enough people to modernize. So even when I lived up north paper ballots. Back to the Future.
@MichaelSteele Mr. Steele: As for voting haven'rT missed one since Nixon was not a crook. trump more than likely is. Was a Goldwater Republican back then. Voted Friday. 1st straight ticket EVER.. All Blue. This former Marine says GO NAVY. We need to get our country civil disagreement.
Why is Kemp waiting until now to do this. Isn't this a serious part of his real job. The one he was elected for. If this is how inept he is at this level should he be promoted? I think not. Unless Georgians simply want to continue to be seen in athe poorest light possible? https://t.co/Wfq37E5NuQ
@davidfrum And Mr. Frum the man who put his daughter in charge of the company he built out of the back of a pickup 62 years ago didn't put a son in charge. He put his daughter in charge. Abd one of the talents most people attribute 2 him critical to his success. His ability to spot talent.
@davidfrum Most of the real successful men I ever worked 4 hired difficult women because they produced. In fact I know a lady who is in charge of her family's multinational business because her father put her there &amp; in many ways she is just like his mother who had no time 4 idiots &amp; fools.
@joncoopertweets Ready
@peterdaou @joncoopertweets Remember folks we now know who and what they are and more pain from trumps tariffs and their real intent with regard to social safety net and health care will only help us long term. Our military recovered from Pearl Harbor this(trump &amp; republicans) too will pass.
@joncoopertweets I have already voted(Friday) see it as s beginning not an end. We need to take State Legislatures in as many states as possible and as many officer that manage elections as possible in as many states as possible. Then focus on national elections for decades while keeping locals
@RepSwalwell Don't worry. I'm sure for my folks it was whislte whole you work. Although Bonnie Rait's version of Baby Mine is pretty nice.
@Robert_E_Kelly Thanks Professor. I was in Pusan Operation Team Spirit, 1978, USMC. Was then a Registered Goldwater Republican. Born &amp; Raised on the border south of Yuma, AZ. Would love to hear what Barry would say about trump print redacted tv &amp; Radio bleeped I'm sure. Thanks
@Vallapoetesse @fferic30 @slater_rose The opening sequence where hes in a gunfight. The false front buildings were up near St George, UT. Most of the rest of the stuff was probably Saugus, CA or Culver City, CA I would venture. Could be wrong.
@B52Malmet You want a pretty 10k Avalon In March. Catalina Island. Used to be up &amp; down &amp; up &amp; down. Used 2 hold dance in the Avalon Ballroom Saturday night. I think there were 2,500 people in there not bumping into each other &amp; no center post. Built by Wrigleys gum. 1929 Clear night See LA
@B52Malmet This year's winner Julius Kogo 48:17. What planet is he from?
@B52Malmet Thank you. Yup you really get a sense of your limitations when you have Shorter and Rogers coming back past you. You're at 4 miles (@ 7 1/2 min/mile. They are at 6 miles @ about 5 min/mile and they're not breaking a sweat. Lynchburg in Aug and no sweat. They're not human.
@tribelaw Professor when my former merchant seaman cowboy grandfather was teaching my brother &amp; me to box he emphasized punching through your opponent. Not at him. Through him. No matter what happens tomorrow it is only the beginning. trump is only the manifestation of the cancer.
@counterchekist Somewhere on my pc I have a picture of that flying wings grsaddaddy Jack Northrup's jet flying wing. Required a real pilot.
@JillWineBanks Folks my record of not missing a vote since Nov 1972 is still intact. 2018 was all BLUE!
@JohnWDean Mr. Dean: What do you think his goals short and long term are and how long will he be in the fight on this side?		FOLKS WATCH THE AD!
@RickPetree I just watched what for want of a better description I would call a testimonial from Michael Bloomberg asking people to vote Democratic. I wonder just what his motivation is. What is goal(s) is/are? How compatible his hoped for end result(s) are with yours and mine? And how long?
@RickPetree Like a room full of reformed smokers or former drunks who suddenly became temperance union stalwarts. Tar and feathers may become the new fashion statement for mainstream republicans and trump family members. Oh I hope.
@RickPetree Once those people who voted republican this time around and counted no the liars not to touch those things will find the've been screwed. If they react the waY I expect I'm just gonna sit back ans watch and enjoy the re-education of other angry old white guys who got lied to . .
@RickPetree I've spent more money than I ever have on Dem candidates (more than I can afford) I voted on Friday all blue. I don't think the experiment is over even if the Dems don't take back the house. cause then mcconnell &amp; trump will go wholesale after people's safety net and health care.
@RickPetree My hope is that RICO lawsuit that NY filed takes most of don and brets time.  and most of don's money. Might be a chance for roberts to assert his independence by deciding not to hear it.
@RickPetree Me too. And unless I'm forced to move I will be going to the Marin Civic Center for the foreseeable future-voting my conscience like always. Regardless of what the party affiliation. Unlikely ot be republican. They can't clean the shit from their puppeteer asses off that easily.
@BryanLowry3 @chucktodd @HawleyMO @MeetThePress Do the people want some who will show up or not!
RT @jonallendc: All I’ve heard from Republican sources in Missouri this entire cycle, including as recently as last night, is that Hawley i…
@DanielBShapiro It can happen again. It must happen again. This born Republican now Independent - ALREADY VOTED ALL BLUE.                   GO BLUE!!!!!
@RickPetree The republicans didn't get into a position to become lackies to a beast who have the power to ruin this democracy overnight. No matter what we can take from them this election cycle we need to treat campaign  Admiral Nimitz's Pacific War. It is going to be a slog and take years.
@Rosie @ReneeLibby2 @866OURVOTE Used 2 be Republican guys like Howard Baker put county b4 party.  Am Independent. Spent @ drunken sailor- dem candidates. not rich Haven't missed vote in 46yrs inc in USMC. I vote in Marin. We never bought technology. Paper ballots, Back 2 future hav pic of Chad Everett bad joke.
@ReneeLibby2 You Betchum Red Rider!
@B52Malmet When I was in best shape my life my platoon commander- The Basic School @ Quantico conned us into running a race @ Lynchburg, VA The Virginia 10 Miler in Aug. On the way out passed by Frank Shorter coming back. Last mile beat by 7 yr old kid. Its how U define Success? - U Go girl
@amanduhgomez Tell Mr, Abila: THANK YOU SIR!
@RickPetree Hey people let's give Congressman and national treasure John Lewis a reason to led a dance in in the halls of Congress come January.
@BettyBowers @VicBullard Anyone who votes for this unsubtle crook should get him as a permanent house guest.
@BettyBowers @VicBullard if he would focus that much effort on just doing his job instead of cheating he might get elected. Naaaah.
@TrinityResists @B52Malmet @ListenToEzra @CJPatruno @CyrusToulabi @AllensOpEd @debbiesideris @julz91 @StormResist @PantherResists @LMAO_in_Fla @MatthewWolfff I couldn't agree more. My position on everyone being a equal as we can is based on a business model. Goal of this business is survival. When all the people in a business r focused on same goal w/o the interference of irrational unnecessary prejudices we all succeed btr &amp; faster.
@NicolleDWallace @newsbusters And pence. Kind fo a big deal. HUH?  What's your connection tot he south? Outside his circle of syncophants . Legend in his own mind maybe. Where's your self made billions. Even your boss had to inherit most of his. And your tv network. Oh you don't have one. Really? Define big.
@BillKristol One time I called my mother. Didn't answer. Called me back. Was in the yard cause Mr. Vasquez was there to help her w/ it like b4 he retired. He'd have bn there sooner he was down in Tucson watching his granddaughter graduate law school. Mr Vasquez came 2 pick cotton in the 40's
@NicolleDWallace @newsbusters The lady is simply a southerner who cares about her people &amp; who made good &amp; speaks the truth often to the dismay of those wishing to put forward a less than truthful agenda. She started out speaking truth 2 power. Now is power understands limits of power &amp; the power of her words
@CNN I expect that if the dem tale control of at ;east the house of reps the truth about master kavenaugh will come out and possibly there will be hearings into master trump's misconduct with regard to women.
Those of you out there who vote republican at any level &amp; lose your health care or have the premiums raised so high you have to lose your home and/or declare bankruptcy 2 cover it, or you lose your medicare or medicaid or social security don't expect me to cry 4 u. No tears here.
@hughhewitt @realDonaldTrump Nice beaches
@hughhewitt @realDonaldTrump Why is it you look so much like Jacob Marley? My Christmas wish? New York State dismantles trump inc. leaving them with a chalet on North Korea coast just south of russian border.
@hughhewitt @realDonaldTrump Best economy for who? Wages stagnate? Tariffs causing drops in commodity prices that have to be partially offset by socialist methods? Moving the deck chairs on the Titanic as far as most people are concerned. Leave social safety net and health care alone or pay the price.
@fferic30 @slater_rose Yes, I was a member of that party. But like many organizations that get taken over by some subsequent group the name may be the same but the goals and actions are different. That is what is wrong with labels. James Arness's Dodge City was in Utah.
@CheriJacobus @harrygod @RickPetree @MayIrmamay14 She probably grew up swimming @ Ocean Beach. It's inside the triangle. Certain times of the year more white sharks in that patch of ocean than any other that size anywhere on planet earth. Relative to that and dealing with the SF Board of supes should make senate seem easy.
@ProudResister @B52Malmet @realDonaldTrump Voted yesterday all blue. Go Dems
@harrygod @RickPetree @MayIrmamay14 Congressman Lewis 1940. He's the only one mentioned here who was nearly beaten to death as far as I know. And he still has a steady hand on the helm and is ready teach anyone willing to listen.
@CheriJacobus @harrygod @RickPetree @MayIrmamay14 Shes June he's September. Born in SF in June. No wonder. Brrrrr.
Mr. Smith my grandmother could have given your country woman Vivien Leigh lessons 2 playing Miss Scarlet. @ 100 she made 1 concession 2 age. She was outside her condo on the golf course leaning vs her walker holding a screwdriver WEARING HER GLASSES IN PUBLIC.
@CheriJacobus @harrygod @RickPetree @MayIrmamay14 And he acts like he's 185. And I think Senator Feinstein is older and she seems like a kind next to him.
@RickPetree I think he should be asked to give his brother and sister representatives on both side of the aisle dance lessons. Did you see that video, Man stays in shape.
@SRuhle @realDonaldTrump Should we now be referring to don sr as comrade trump?
@Harryslaststand As to the nap. I had a friend down Dos Palos, CA way. Every day @ 1:30 PM on the couch. Died a couple of months shy of 100th. Unrepentant FDR Dem. Got Valley Fever @98.  Until then with regard to most any subject but Physics would have matched him vs Dr. Hawking.
@Harryslaststand Mr. Smith. My grandmother organized and ran her 100th birthday party and a month later complained to me @ winning Bridge games vs women 1/2 her age and getting bored. I'm sure being from TX she was a practitioner of 2 fingers Jack Black water back.
@CBSNews Given that lying seems to be his basic MO he should know a thing or 2 about it, huh?
@SaludAmerica Agreed- I went to elementary school in Somerton, AZ.  Late 60's. We gringos the minority even then. Nov. 8th grade Fall Semester a young lady Anna Garcia joined our class. Teachers insisted on English. By graduation was basically assimilated. Los Hispanic students were her team.
@67jewelCDH @CHawksRun Why are you being so complimentary of master trump? Mentally and emotionally he should not have the requisite Social Security card required to work as a janitor.
@jordanwfisher_ On your earlier comments, tongue in cheek I hope, about Dr. Carson 's presence on trumps cabinet proving that trump is no racist. Question does this mean DR. Carson is trumps Stepin Fetchit?
@common Liked your comments on Rev Al's show. Not that it matters but I'm white, I think. Former Republican &amp;  Marine. Old &amp; Angry 2. Voted Fri all Blue. I would add 2 your message. republicans got here working long &amp; hard. Undoing it all will take longer than I have. Starts now.
@susanengel14 @nationalpost To those idiots who dressed up 2 what they thought a Mexican looks like. Know the gentleman in pctures? No?  Vicente Fox. Past President of Mexico. From route driver 2 Head Coca Cola Mexico. Coke wanted him 2 run all of Latin America. He declined Harvard Bus. Sch. Smarter than U. https://t.co/5v9uJN5ch3
@BarbMcQuade Is it possible that Jim Harbaugh has found a home?
@BarbMcQuade Professor: This former Goldwater Republican and former Marine 0802 voted yesterday. No hanging chads. No voting machines. Voted at Frank Lloyd Wright's last major project. A civic center not built with people in mind. Paper Ballots. Back to the future. Me All blue.
@KevinMKruse And have you seen the video of Rep. John Lewis showing us how to dance?	https://t.co/SHFHbBDWOK
@CyrusToulabi I expect that if and when the Dem take control of the house and even more so should they take control of the senate as well there will be a hearing on kavenaugh that may run past the 2020 general election. good luck trump.
@MaxBoot @guardian Mr. Boot, back in 2004 when I changed my registration from Republican to Independent while working for Gen. Clark's candidacy I encountered some people who were registered as Democrats who were so far left that if not for gravity they would have fallen off the flat earth as well.
@AJEnglish @BillLaw49 I am a former Republican and former Marine Artillery Officer and lifelong foreign relations junky who believes the US interests in the "middle east" are best served when we don't pick sides. That includes the current group in charge in Israel. All the more reason to can trump.
@susanengel14 @nationalpost Having grown up within 5 miles of both the Sonora and Baja borders before either was fashionable I think those idiots would benefit from actually getting to know some mexicans.  Stereotypes like that are not helpful. ie - Technically, people like Mitt Romney's dad was a Mexican.
@joncoopertweets Can you imagine a control freak like don, sr. not knowing every sordid detail? I can't and a egomaniac like him would never consider "plausible deniability", so . . .
@PersevereEver @VicBullard @foxandfriends @Franklin_Graham https://t.co/KNNxR5Ew5q
@tribelaw I think Beto O'Rourke has given the Democrats a chance 2 go back to basic. 2 honestly get to know who they might have as constituents. Judging by the totally tone deaf come ons I got after giving more money to candidates than I ever have. That lack of sophistication turnd me off.
@KamalaHarris Senator: I grew up in Southwestern AZ. 5 mi fm the border. Was a Goldwater Rep it had Howard Bakers in it. Served in USMC. Moved to Cal. MBA-GSM-UCD. Live east San Raf. Changed reg to Indep 2004.Gen Clark Spent 20x more on Dems than ever voted yesterd may we win
@JeffFlake In my youth in AZ I believe the state was 85% registered Democrat. Howard Baker &amp; Barry Goldwater put country b4 party &amp; told Nixon to resign. Baker was a Senatorial Legend like Henry Clay.  All I see 2day are weasel and wimps like U. I changed my registration in 2004
@JeffFlake Senator: I was a voting Goldwater Republican in AZ when you were 10 years old. The Republican Party I joined was not monolithic and the conservative movement is't either. In case you haven't figured it out you can be conservative and be a Democrat.
@BillKristol @joncoopertweets Oprah born in Mississippi. Kind of a local kid who made good. Pence born in Indiana. Define local? kind of a big deal? The expression "Legend in his own  mind" comes to mind. VP John Nance Garner who defined the Vice Presidency as "a warm bucket of spit." If the description fits?
@JayneCudzil @tribelaw Slim Whittman "Indian Love Call"	https://t.co/V8jHd8agfQ
@JayneCudzil @tribelaw Since its been suggested that trump views this as an attack from Mars maybe Slim Whittman's music might be a good accompaniment to voting Democratic.
@JayneCudzil @tribelaw So does that mean we should cue up Slim Whittman music?
@MSNBC When I get down my questions to idiots and others who's arguments make no sense become more sarcastic and pointed. Also, some of them become more subtle and require more intelligence and a more finely tuned sense of humor than most trump voters so far demonstrated any evidence of
You who don't like trump &amp; what he stands 4 &amp; r planning 2 vote 4 a repub @ the national level. U r voting 4 trump. Any vote 4 any repub candid increases chances that the repubs hold that part of the legislature. They keep. They suck up. u lose health care etc
@tribelaw Professor, if you haven't seen it go rent "A Face in the the Crowd". Probably the finest acting job in Andy Griffith's long career. About as far from Sheriff Andy Taylor as he could get. We'd be in more serious trouble if master trump was a good as Lonesome Rhodes.
@JimLaPorta @MSNBC @Newsweek No worries. In @ 3 years on active duty only time I remember having to tie a tie  when my platoon commander @ The Basic School fitting me 4 officer Class "A"'s. He would get out with 3 stars so he probably had to tie a tie more often than me. In any event, keep up the good work.
The only "enemy of the People" I see out there paints his face orange &amp; lies automatically, is not making America great again but weaker &amp; soon will be less prosperous. A bunch of you voted this likely crook into the white house. I  hope the state of New York leaves him broke.
@backyardsage @HuffPostPol Can we abolish the post of chief economic advisor and the current holder of that post. Asd a going away present buy him a shipboard steerage ticket for half way acrorss the Atlantic?
@JimLaPorta @realDonaldTrump Why the troop surge&gt; insecure megalomaniac. Not sane assessor of overall situation. Re: military action. What about the idea that contained in the code of conduct there is the idea that we Marines and Army personnel have a duty to disobey a clearly illegal order?
@JimLaPorta @realDonaldTrump As far as militia stealing things. They are simply following Clyde Barrow's lead, He regularly raided national guard armories for BAR's.  Not Thompsons. 30-06 steel jacketed rounds beter stopping power. Greater range.
@JimLaPorta @realDonaldTrump Mr. LaPorta: 2 things. Was a Marine 0802 btwn 1976-1979. Grew up south of Somerton, AZ. My understanding is US active duty troops under federal control cannot conduct actual military operations with CONUS. Don't fear martial law. Have faith in our field commanders. not nut @ top.
@Draculathe1st @abbydphillip @eliselabottcnn The misguided Dulles brothers, John Foster-US Secretary of State &amp; Allen - CIA Director took Brit Petro's side in Iran/overthrew the democratically elected leader. Sided w United Fruit in Guatemala &amp; US copper Co's in Chile. Ignored Ho Chi Minh's pleas 4 help getting rid France.
@Draculathe1st @abbydphillip @eliselabottcnn The 1st effort to cut back the colonial grip on large areas of the world happened as Europe was entering WWII. FDR made Churchill sign the Atlantic Charter @ meeting on US &amp; UK warships off Newfoundland. One of the provisions of it the UK would divest itself all colonies postwar.
@Draculathe1st @abbydphillip @eliselabottcnn Britain was the decider @ the end of WWI.  The area that they had supposedly promised to Faisal &amp; Lawrence more or less encompasses modern Syria. France's military involvement in the area campaigns had been nil still wanted it as their prize.  So Christian Infidels screw Islam.
@tribelaw 1 of the 1st things they teach you in military boot camp = you have a duty to disobey a clearly illegal order. Military under federal control is prohibited from using  firearms inside US borders other than authorized practice &amp; shooting an unarmed civilian = A cell @ Leavenworth
@Draculathe1st @abbydphillip @eliselabottcnn Our hands are not clean. Not only Vietnam. Allende in Chile was going to nationalize the mines.. Pres. of Guatemala was going to nationalize the banana plantations. Mosaddegh in Iran was going to nationalize oil. All democratically elected all overthrown by our CIA.
@Draculathe1st @abbydphillip @eliselabottcnn I still think we should determine what it costs putin to get oil &amp; gas out of the ground. Then offer to sell the EU all the oil &amp; gas they need at that price less $5 @ bbl FOB Rotterdam. Reagan bankrupted the USSR with star wars, didn't tire a shot. Same idea.
@Draculathe1st @abbydphillip @eliselabottcnn I think if we don't play favs we have a btr chance of getting saudis &amp; iranians to seriously talk 2 each other. If they don't want 2 play nice w/o assets in Qatar we have a fleet in Indian Ocean &amp; one in Med. They both know what a Tomahawk can do &amp; the russians can be dealt w./
@Draculathe1st @abbydphillip @eliselabottcnn All of the current experts on the area that I have listened to say basically the same thing.  The saudis used to be more important to us when we weren't petroleum self sufficient. They need us. They can't shift to other weapons systems without GREAT EXPENSE.
@Draculathe1st @abbydphillip @eliselabottcnn I don't think we should play favorites. I have a copy of TE Lawrence's proposed map area post WWI. Brits conscripted him because of his knowledge of who was who and &amp; dialects of the languages.  I think we should tell both the saudis &amp; the iranians stop the proxy war in Yemen.
@MedicVet68 @Infantry0300 Thank You for your service. I was post Vietnam. Marines 0802.  Col. Duckworth's title 4 the little creature. "candidate bone spurs" VOTE BLUE &amp; SAVE OUR REPUBLIC. What Reagan called "Shining City on a Hill" He would probably be co-hosting "Morning Joe". Can you imagine that trio.
@makk1123 @Infantry0300 You don't serve don;t complain. You don't vote don't complain. He's right.
@Infantry0300 I am a jarhead. 0802 Grew up on the border 5 mi. Sonora 2 south &amp; Baja west. Long b4 either fashionable. @14 I culled melons in a trailer begin @ 3AM w the last vestiges of the Bracero program. Your assessment of those coming here 2 work. Spot on. Go Navy Beat Army
@Draculathe1st @abbydphillip @eliselabottcnn Seriously 200 million jobs?
@Draculathe1st @abbydphillip @eliselabottcnn What is going to generate 200 million jobs? The tooth fairy?
Question. Not that I've paid any attention to it. I may even have the name wrong. But is The Ingraham Angle obtuse?
We like the Neanderthal, Saber Tooth Tiger, Ground Sloth, and Woolly Mammoth die off &amp; have our remains studied in museums. I am not a liberal but I am open to growth. I am open to learning new things. Stop learning &amp; evolving &amp; you die. Maybe not yet physically. Ur still dead.
If we celebrate our differences rather than stigmatize them and use them to divide us businesses will be efficient and productive. We will go forward as a society and a species. If we choose the same old prejudicial practices of the past. We will not adapt. We will like the
I have come to my conclusions through a process some mroe learned individuals would call adaptation. Darwin would call it evolution. When I was a child I thought as a child. I accepted what my elders told me. Now I am an elder it is necessary for me to think for myself.  If we
How can I now be in favor of enshrining as many rights and privileges as are necessary to defeat all the counterproductive prejudices operating in our society working against its efforts to achieve "a more perfect union." Simple. The answer is adaptation or if you prefer
A person raised like that when granted the privilege to vote registered as a Goldwater Republican. How can he now be in favor of enshrining as many rights and privileges as are necessary to defeat all the possible prejudices as are befouling society's efforts to become more
I would like to explain why I, a guy who grew up among a bunch of mostly "white" "Southern Democrats" who were prejudiced. Mostly against people who's skin was darker. Hispanics and blacks. How a person who when he was granted the privilege to vote, registered as a Goldwater
@MichaelSteele Mr. Steele: The truth is finally out. master graham knows the difference. He is  a weak individual who is pandering to 2 audiences. The bigoted, anti-immigrant element in our society &amp; their favorite con man trump. When Mr. McCain was alive he was master graham's zoo keeper.
@DaveWeasel Sorry Dave, like Al Gore' claim 2 have invented the internet your claim 2 have invented something more personal suffers from history. People with more computer smarts beat Mr. Gore and Mother Nature has you beat by at least dating back the development of the mammal.
@keepdwightgirl @WhitfordBradley No , Halloween isn't cancelled. It is just that since a bunch of fools put trump in the white house every day is more frightening than a normal Halloween.
@MichaelSteele And let me commend you Sir, in advance, for your participation in the event at the Apollo. Knock em dead, educate em, adn drive up the vote!
@MichaelSteele Mr. Steele: Since he works for us and since he's opening that Pandora's box, can I isssue my own executive order and fire him and all his crooked cabal?
@MichaelSteele If this doesn't wake up even anyone with any recently immigrated friends or relatives, legal or otherwise, then they may all be dead. Also, does this executive order include all his rich saudi &amp; chinese lady friends?
I have no plans, from this day forward, to ever consider the candidacy of anyone running as a republican, for any elective office anywhere.
In 1972, because Senator Ted Kennedy had not yet managed to get the Federal voting age lowered to 18, I registered to vote as a Republican. I stay t long at the fair, Changing my registration to Independent in 2004.  So it is witr some seriousness that I say UI have no plans to
@imillhiser To me the most effective counter to this idiocy and this uber political court is to enlist all recent immigarnts regardless of background or skin color. Their status may be the next target.
@imillhiser Given that the less than supreme court is now simply a lackey for trump and the republican you may be technically right. This is afterall an even more political court than the one that said a corporation effectively can vote.
@TheRickWilson Can you imagine ivanka as a spokesperson for Burlington Coat Factory? Maybe we could get Barbra to serenade her with a little "Second Hand Rose"
@TheRickWilson Besides that RICO lawsuit probably poses a greater threat to trumps personally than impeachment. New York doesn't need any republican votes to dismantle the trump properties.
@TheRickWilson Do these dullards realize the Justice Department and simpatico AG's practice information osmosis. I think they would have a better chance of making the tide stop moving. Whatever it is may change the minds of a few people? who change their minds like their socks.
@JRubinBlogger Idea how trump can avoid blame. Admit he is suffering from emotional arrested development -approximately age 10. Get certified. Then, as a minor child he can't held accountable. But I think the minimum age requirement to be president still applies 35. Think they meant mental age.
@JoyceWhiteVance During the French Revolution, wasn't there supposedly a woman sitting in front of the Guillotine . . .  knitting?
According to Professor Peter Drucker, 1 of the giants in the study of business leadership " A manager makes sure things gets done right. A leader makes sure the right things get done." Those standards mcconnell is a mediocre manager. Obama is a leader. trump not hired.
@WhenWeAllVote @ValerieJarrett If you don't vote don't complain. We are not interested in what you think. We are engaged in a unique experiment in the history of humankind. The US Gov is the management of a really big corp. We are all stockholders. Don't like where were headed -&gt; vote 2 change it.
@maddow Try not mentioned trump by name. Use euphemisms like "an informed source at the wh.
@EliStokols I think Joseph Goebbels tried to make Reinhard Heydrich out to be a pacifist too. Matter of degrees. Don't think trump will reach that level but don't think the empathy and compassion gene are part of his DNA.
@JimLaPorta I'm still having a sale on the 11 bridges here in the SF Bay Area, that although I do not own any of them, I will gladly sell 2 anyone dumb enough to think this make sense except to a few politicians who want to con people who think this makes sense for some dumb/insane reason.
@JimLaPorta Where is Peter Seller when we need him.  "The Mouse That Roared"	https://t.co/11DQjecMDU
@JimLaPorta @Newsweek I think the last time our military was legally used inside our borders for military purposes ended at Appomattox Courthouse. That lethal ammunition gets used but freight might cost the commander in chief his job. They might want to check the laws. https://t.co/OxUW94EQlt
I guess we ought to listen when any  trump talks about theft?
For those of you touting the American troops to our southern border. Crowing @ lethal weapons they will take. I'm a former Marine Artillery Officer who knows about lethal weapons. There are laws against their doing anything military w/i our borders those weapons likely on safety.
If I understanding what the nra &amp; trump &amp; the republican want is every house, every house of worship, place of business, every bus or taxi or uber or bus stop armed. The Earps &amp; Bill Hickock would move to Mexico. The country would be ungovernable. Count this ex-Marine out.
@enduringness @McCaskill4MO @clairecmc Thank you sir!
@WSJ it seems to me that the Saudi's are as culpable when it comes to the spread of terrrorism as is Iran. Who funds the radical Islam schools in Pakistan, Captain Kangaroo?
@CommonSense316 The trump family members on use guns to shoot mammal that don't shoot back. If they had those big guns they hunt with and were attack by someone with a sling like David killed Goliath (one rock at a time) with they'd all probably run.
@FaceTheNation @edokeefe @SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump And what is this trump lackey going to use his last few days in a "leadership" ( him a leader that's laughable) position to deal with the problem he sees. So far, as far as I can see, hes done less than I have and I hold no elective office.
@Mikel_Jollett @susanengel14 &amp; These people call themselves leaders. I suspect that in combat they would come home in body bags with the exit holes on their bodies in front.
@marcorubio Senator, if I yelled fire in a crowded movie theater &amp; there was none  should I be held accountable? Obama jokes about the press being unkind 2 him, mentally unstable probably see the humor. But when trump in a serious tone calls the press "The enemy of the people?"No cost 2 him?
I, a former Republican &amp; former Marine, almost as proud to changed my registration from Republican as I am to have been an active duty Marine, am coming to the conclusion, given their behavior since trump the republican bosses national &amp; state r criminal members of a syndicate.
@BillClinton Yes, but Mr. Clinton, I address you as a fellow citizen, what should those now in power do besides wring their hands and mouth sad words. You and I as citizens can do that, Have they forgotten that with great power comes great responsibility. &amp; why Sir are they so irresponsible?
@CheriJacobus He must be mentally ill. I mean I am well known for a very vivid imagination. But if you have to deliberately create completely nonsensical scenarios to justify you actions or inactions he walls of your quarters need some serious padding.
@JohnJHarwood Candidate bone spurs s usual has his cranium up his rectum.
@Harryslaststand Mr.Smith keep up the good work. 4 your time on earth. My grandmother  born in the same town as Nellie Forbush/Peter Pan &amp; son JR Ewing, Weatherford, TX.  Last time saw Floy she had organized &amp; run her 100th birthday party. Complaining @ wining at Bridge. Her secret love of people
@joanwalsh People who want to arm teachers. Even if every teacher is a Green Beret small weapons &amp; tactics spec halls of a school no place 4 active shooter drills. Real life = not John Wayne movie. He used blanks. You want 2 arm teachers volunteer 4 live fire exercise you survive we'll talk
@joanwalsh I spent 3 years in the Marines and I knew maybe 3 people could have stopped this guy. Anyone wants to arm a teacher. I will invite them to participate in a live fire exercise. You lose you die. That simple. Any takers. I thought not.
@TheAnalogKid74 @CherDocShare NEWS FLASH: The Gunfight at the OK Corral was over gun control. Every town the Earp's ever did the peace keeping they required everyone entering to turn in their guns.
@JohnJHarwood @Delavegalaw Mr. Hewitt: The next time some one walks up to a group of republicans shouting anti-republican rants &amp; shoots them all you would have your equivalent. I hope it never happens. waste of bullets. Mr. Harwood is right u r full if shit.  U should crawl into a hole and pull it after u
@brianschatz @DanielBShapiro Here here!!!!!!!
The gunman should be sent to a supermax and allowed only Jewish guards and visitors and be fed and exercised alone for the rest of his life. Total isolation. For as long as he lives.
@TNodine2017 @SenFeinstein Your small domestically focused farms probably don't constitute enough production to feed us. Take out all subsidies &amp; the small farms that depend on them  would be swallowed up by the big guys  &amp;they would put your small domestically focused farms out of business John D agribus
@TNodine2017 @SenFeinstein Serious consolidation would result in an agricultural oligarchy  and you would pay more for your food. And probably most if not all of it would be produced by large multinational liek Cargill who would tell the agriculture dept what to do.
@TNodine2017 @SenFeinstein The original agricultural subsidy program was an off shoot of the depression. My grandfather stacked him cotton in loose piles in his yard because he could not sell it. Rugged individualism is a myth. If we did away with subsidies completely. The entire economy would collapse.
@FedSoc I haven't finished reading them all but how is it that people like Hamilton, who I understand was for a strong central government gets associated w a bunch who don't?
@VictorBlackbu11 Tell him to rub it everywhere. Everywhere. No tan lines.
@VictorBlackbu11 I wonder. You know that stuff that makes the active ingredient in a nicotine patch absorb into your skin. Can we sneak some into trumps orange artificial tan cream. Save him the need to reapply it?
@VictorBlackbu11 You mean like that guy Col. Duckworth refers to as "candidate bone spurs?"
@tribelaw I'm not sure they're doing it now. When my Marine Artillery Battalion convoyed up the highway from Inchon to Camp St Barbara near the DMZ there was a hardened position w/M-60 tank and machine guns @ every 5 miles = OD Green Welcome Mat!
@tribelaw If the shooter survived. Super Max. Not death penalty. NO VISITORS EVER. Gay black Jewish women guards only.
@tribelaw Suggestion 1 M1 tank completely with MP's checking all ID's at each end of each street fronting all of trump's properties worldwide. Should drive down occupancy.
@driving85 @adirado29 @franklin19788 @MSNBC And I suppose the shooter will claim or his people will claim to be god fearing?
@tribelaw There won't be a time. Gun control advocates, this former Marine Artillery Officer is one, eventually outnumber the NRA lackeys who will be afforded same deaf ears they affording us now. There's are reason most tropical trees are palms=bend   oak/intransigence =break.
@Briansdad125 Sir: The court formerly know as the supremes depends on the faith of the people for its authority. If the executive branch or the legislative branch decides they don't deserve their support there is nothing they can do to carry out their decisions. this is not over
@VictorBlackbu11 9 rounds = Beretta. And if the shooter can't hit the target with 4 rounds or less. Give the gun backto wherever you got it.
@justin_fenton @Olivianuzzi A former Marine Artillery Officer. I grew up in a house full of guns. All were loaded, even when they weren't. I know more @ guns of all sizes than most of you. Our daily lives should not be armed camps. republican=totally uncivilized/not human. trump  belongs in a zoo/nut house
@VictorBlackbu11 You &amp; I both served &amp; most people, shouldn't be allowed to buy a gun w/o a background check &amp; a testing regime as comprehensive as you have to pass to drive a car. I would further restrict gun sales to no more than 9 rounds without stopping to reload. And I mean STOPPING!!!!!!!!!
@tribelaw Sorry Professor there are none of those on the republican side. They'd give weasels a bad name.
@ColMorrisDavis @realDonaldTrump And right now we need not only to rid ourselves of him but his republican clones. Aiders, Abettors, and LIARS. How many times did you crooks vote to kill The Affordable Care Act. And now you want us to think you've fallen victim to the invasion of the body &amp; mind snatchers?
@Raider_Hayter @markmobility @ddale8 @realDonaldTrump I realize the world I suggested wont happen w little master trump &amp; the swamp thing in DC. But when and if we can get the american consumer realize we are the only industrialized nation that doesn't negotiate enmasse. Big pharma spends more on advertising than research.
@Raider_Hayter @markmobility @ddale8 @realDonaldTrump I'd be willing to bet if had a standardized health care system we could long run save money. means tested copay=behavior modification vs emergency room. All negotiated drug prices. A person changes jobs those analyze cost 2 hire said employee would not have to use a Ouija board.
@TNodine2017 I don't know for sure, but I would bet that if we only focused on them we'd starve.
@Raider_Hayter @markmobility @ddale8 @realDonaldTrump I joined the Republican Party in 1972. My brother in 1980? I was slow changing registration 2004 helping Wesley Clark, A Democrat no liberal, run 4 president. Should have @ Rush Limbaugh. My younger brother voted for trump. I talk to him when absolutely necessary. Me=Independent
If any of you have Affordable Health Care especially if it helps with a preexisting condition, Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid,  have kids in a public school, or served your country and use the services of the VA and you plan to vote republican. KISS ALL THOSE THINGS GOODBYE
@npcox @Bencjacobs That's right it was Dolly who saved the portrait of Washington.
@TNodine2017 @SenFeinstein Maybe we should put Alice Waters in charge of AID. I mean she's enough of a celebrity and she'd have the whole world eating healthy. Alice &amp; Oprah and the guy that ran El Bulli in Spain - Ferran Adrià
@TNodine2017 @SenFeinstein The most successful anti-Communist act and the most successful export subsidy program this country ever created and the the prototype of all subsequent such export subsidy plans - The Marshall Plan. Stalin hated it. Read "The Most Noble Adventure."
@TNodine2017 I think many people have a hollywood view of agriculture in this country. My understanding is the big produce shippers already own large tracts of land in Mexico. If the politician push too hard they will simply move south &amp; we will lose control of that part of the food supply.
@MalcolmNance Nathan Bedford Forrest was a pragmatist. He saw the hand writing on the wall. 	https://t.co/0jyohosWgv
@MalcolmNance What's the line from Battle Hymn of the Republic: "Trampling out the vintage where the grapes of wrath are stored." Looks like we will have our work cut out for us when the sun sets on trump. What brand of pesticide would you suggest.?
@MalcolmNance Yup. But I think he had a falling out with the klan something about too vicious. And wasn't Hugo Black an officer in the klan shortly b4 FDR put him on the court?
@Raider_Hayter @markmobility @ddale8 @realDonaldTrump I would think anybody who gets too close the child donald sr would have a crappy home life.
@TNodine2017 Yeah and you know the island of Lanai that the software magnate bought last year. It used to belong to Dole. Dole was part of a real estate company with holdings LA. castle &amp; Cooke Privately held. Lots of those kind of companies. A lot of the biggest companies in US not public.
@TNodine2017 Don't know 4 sure but suspect his business stretches from Yuma to Montana, Canada, &amp; the Mississippi. The domestic market not support him &amp; it wont support many small farmers. Our ag depends on international markets. The potential magnitude of trumps stupidity could be monumental
@TNodine2017 When my father died in a plane crash 6 months after I got out of the Marines, my mother gave the family business 2 my younger bro. And me the door. He told me recently he has 500 employees. Yuma is the center of the fresh produce business in the US btwn Oct &amp; April. $1+Billion
@TNodine2017 @SenFeinstein Believe still true as when that book "Merchants of Grain" was written, we have enough food to feed the world for now? The folks who want to impose 3rd century BC Palestinian lifestyle standards(no family planning) on the world same ones who divert the food away from where needed.
@TNodine2017 @SenFeinstein And from what I understand Coca Cola got a bill passed to make it prohibitively expensive for Mexican to buy Mexican Coke. Granted it is made with cane sugar but lower glycemic index I think.  Howard Buffett used to put his Agronomy degree to use down in Latin America  . . .
@TNodine2017 @SenFeinstein One Mega Ag business that seems to have stubbed its toe is Monsanto.  But they only work around the farms.
@TNodine2017 @SenFeinstein And as for Cargill vs the Chinese. Score one for Cargill. Last time I looked they control between 30 &amp; 40% of the free worlds's grain supply. https://t.co/7JLIpp6XQq
@TNodine2017 @SenFeinstein As far as small farmers voting trump. you bet. Sadly. And as lady of my acquaintance on twitter from the upper peninsula put it, trump's tariffs will kill off a family business that's been in the family for generations and someone like Cargill will buy the assets cheap.
@TNodine2017 @SenFeinstein When done right it can be very beneficial especially for small towns. Unfortunately, there are seriously rich people in the us congress &amp; senate who have built their fortunes on it. We survived on it in the '60's.
@TNodine2017 To give you an idea of how big Cargill is	https://t.co/48QuigbtL2	trump's tariffs probably wont even warrant a mention at a weekly board meeting.
@TNodine2017 When Nixon was President his #2 at Agriculture was a gentleman named - CEO of Cargill, Inc. Lots of people around the twin cities thought General Mills was the 900# gorilla in the area until Mrs. McMillian did a spread in Architectural Digest. BOING
@TNodine2017 trump's tariffs will probably put a lot of little family farms out of business. Leaving the assets to be bought up cheaply by the big boys. It will in all likelihood have exactly the opposite impact you seek.
@TNodine2017 I know farming from the inside. The factory farms you speak of will not be impacted by trump. May even become larger.  To give you an idea how big some of these entities are read(a bit dated but still speaks to scale) and Cargill is the largest cattle feeder in US.
@TNodine2017 @SenFeinstein No, I grew up on one of thos agribusiness concerns. We got out of the livestock business before I was out of the 8th grade. But farms of the size you speak will not be hurt by trump. Standard Oil &amp; Cargill will not even blink. They may however, swallow up the smaller entities.
@SykesCharlie trump having the gall to compare himself favorably to Lincoln is absurd. To me, a former Republican, the current collection of gypsies, tramps, thieves, and out and out crooks bears little resemblance to Lincoln's Republican Party. However, those who sprung up after his death.
@JordanSchachtel @MalcolmNance Are we sure he's it for now?
@SykesCharlie Charlie: Former Marine &amp;  Goldwater Republican. We couldnt print Barry would say @ trump. mcconnell has lost his mind. ryan has never been equal to the job. &amp; anyone who thinks putting kavenaugh on the court w/o a full &amp; thorough investigation was just cannot speak of unity.
@SykesCharlie Charlie: I read your piece. While I accept most of your points trumps predecessors for the most part worked to unify. Obama went out of his way to keep tempers calm.	George W in his greatest act as a statesman stood on top of the rubble of 9/11 &amp; pulled us all together on a goal
@ddale8 But he would not recognize turd trump as his kind of republican. One who cared about other people, including those with darker skin, even if the Emancipation Proclamation was intended as a military move.
@Bencjacobs But the Adamses got burned out didn't they?
@VictorBlackbu11 Perhaps we should find all the anti-immigrants individuals and find them someplace to live. And while we're at it this who thing blunt tariffs are a good thing. Maybe they need a new place to be.
@VictorBlackbu11 A Marine &amp; someone who grew up almost w/i sight of both the border w Sonora &amp; the border w Baja I agree with Mr. Blackburn. The border patrol agents who participated in that racist film their bosses all the way up to trump are the ones who should either b deported or put in cages
@SenFeinstein And as several experts have said, once we lose the market share wherever that is .  .  . IT'S GONE! NO amount of socialism (paying farmers and grain merchants for last income) will replace it.
@ddale8 Sounds to me like we need to clean house.
@markmobility @Raider_Hayter @ddale8 @realDonaldTrump He's not the problem. He is an opportunist. Making use of an environment created by others. The problem is his republican enablers and those who support him despite his potentially criminal behavior.
@coreyreynoldsLA @ProudResister Why are being so complimentary?
@DonaldJTrumpJr I am not a member of the media but I watched donald j trump senior start the attacks. There were none so harsh in any prior republican administration.  This administration and its republican butt suckers are 99.44% responsible. The rest well possibly some of that falls on others
@ProudResister Is there any way we can grant these 2 guys their wish?
@coleyworld @harrygod Why are you insulting Miss Piggy?
@Thalia_Nyx @James_Gallegos One of my favorite writers who won a couple of Pulitzers for his investigative work for the Miami Herald, Carl Hiaasen, has made a living making people laugh and getting his muck raking points across in his books for years.  I would love to be even one fourth as good. Thanks.
@James_Gallegos And if you vote republican your candidates should probaly have their pictures on the wall of your locl post office.
@chrislhayes @SecNielsen Is it a chargeable offense? Haldeman and Erlichman both went to jail. How about a special cell in pelican bay by agreement with Feds.
@NBCNews @backyardsage @NBCLatino Will they vote their beliefs. Unsubstantiated beliefs are hot air.
medicare, medicaid, public vs charter schools, &amp; your VA. Start looking 4 a unicorn in your back yard. You have a better chance of finding a unicorn than of finding a republican legislator who will protect any of the items I listed above. If you vote republican my condolences.
I used to b a republican. I am a former Marine https://t.co/jkhY7VIH1q those of you who are planning 2 vote 4 any republican who wants 2 go to office in dc or your state capital and who is claiming they will protect your health care inc preexisting condition, social security,
@RickPetree @tribelaw I seem to remember former Defense Secretary Gates's comment when asked about putin near the end of the Secretary's term. "He will probably leave office feet first."
This country belongs to all of us. Regardless of what anyone tells you. And as a part owner we are each responsible for its proper operation. If you think your vote doesn't matter YOU ARE WRONG. You can make a difference. Being inspired is nice but not necessary. VOTE! https://t.co/JxD6uLty85
@ValaAfshar He wasn't just a genius when it came to physics.
This is the country I signed up to serve in the Marines. You guys rock! https://t.co/FTpcBQvANi
@HuffPost civility is not a word in his dictionary. Afterall how many words with definitions can you put on one page.
And  you republicans holding positions of power who follow him without DOING ANYTHING about his irresponsible behavior you are just as guilty as he is. This one person who will not follow any of you even to the latrine.
I am sure there are supposed adult people out there who will follow this line right off the cliff. If there is one person out there responsible for inciting this series of act and any others that may follow it is donald j trump and you republicans holding positions of power
Spend months demonizing a series of institutions and people with absolutely no proof of what you are saying then call them the enemy of the people again no proof. Now blame them when someone follows your lead and sends bombs to them seemingly intent on killing them. I am sure
How stupid do donald trump and his republican lackeys think the voting public is. Clearly pretty stupid. If I walk up and shoot you for no apparent reason should I be able to claim that you made me do it without offering any proof? Well that is about what they are trying to pull
@Schachter_TO Mr. Schachter: This ex-Marine is hoping to live long enough to see a woman President &amp; a woman Commandant. We'd have to impeach more than Kavanaugh to get a woman chief justice and restore some credibility and respect to the now seriously disgraced court.
@susanengel14 Iron Eyes Cody pollution commercial 	https://t.co/AuFtNXJNH2
@susanengel14 And of course since the republican are in charge of the epa the river the remake would be filmed on has to have red tide in it or at the very least be choked with algae.
@susanengel14 However, wouldn't want to suggest that it is any way fit for human consumption. trump's not human right?
@susanengel14 Oink! Oink!
@susanengel14 Glad you like it! And when he leaves this mortal coil we can send his remains to Hormel tell them to make it into trump's spam. Doesn't qualify for Soylent Green.
@morningmika Since the republicans want to keep it open can we get them adjoining cell in Guantanamo? I think jared's work with the russians, saudis, and other foreign regimes qualifies him for residence there.
@nadinevdVelde @lirpalomina @HoarseWisperer @TheRickWilson @TeamPelosi Also, little mitch labels himself leader on his twitter page. He isn't Pelosi is! Sit down mitchie.
@nadinevdVelde @lirpalomina @HoarseWisperer @TheRickWilson @TeamPelosi I'm a guy (Dave Barry's definition) who lives in congressional district next 2 Congresswoman Pelosi. Also a Registered Independent &amp; former Marine. I have my differences w her. However, until the dems can come up with a better leader than her I would suggest keep her. You go LADY
@ChuckGrassley  I am a former republican and former Marine. I hope you can be impeached!
@AnnegretPearl @susanengel14 Make a list who was at that party. Put every last one of them on the "You're Fired!" List
And now this bunch of republican liars is trying to convince the voters they will protect preexisting conditions. The only preexisting condition they are interested in protecting- their seats in congress. Let's give them a seat on a rail out of town. Yee Haw https://t.co/izX8g9xztn
@B52Malmet When is NBC going to toss out the trash. They already have on gorgeous brainy lady lawer on TODAY who could teach this fool a thing or 2.
@HuffPost Given that he is disgraceful such suspicions are entirely appropriate. One has to respect the office. But never the officeholder. Especially when they are not fit to hold it.
@susanengel14 Are you suggesting he get the Ned Beatty role in the remake?
Given that Ms. Swetnick had numerous witnesses wishing to testify can this be turned into a continuing investigation of kavenaugh's potential criminal conduct. And if so can grassley be impeached. https://t.co/jzeLt7YjX2
@thedailybeast Given that Ms. Swetnick supposedly had dozens of witnesses who wanted to testify can the Justice Department turn this into a continuing investigation of kavenaugh and grassley?
@davidaxelrod @WhitfordBradley Can he be charged as an accessory or for inciting terrorism?
@senatemajldr @SecretService @USPS Henry Clay a highly regarded Senator from Kentucky known as the "The Great Compromiser". One of the greatest legislators to ever walk the halls of the Senate. Howard Baker was a Senator &amp; Diplomat from Tennessee who asked of Nixon "What did he know and  when did he know it?"
@senatemajldr @SecretService @USPS The Henry Clays and Howard Bakers sought the truth. mcconnell and those like him sought advantage. If this republic is to survive the political climate will seek an equilibrium &amp; all his gains will be washed away like beach sand. And his place in history will be properly negative
@senatemajldr @SecretService @USPS Generally, people who give themselves laudatory titles which they don;t deserve come to grief or get left out of the history books as inconsequential. mcconnell is at best a manager and not a very good one. His overreaching is going to cost long term.
@Draculathe1st @abbydphillip @eliselabottcnn I'm not trying to be funny.If Iran recently has butchered one our civilians o more to the point one of our journalists please inform me and if they have how did we react?
@tribelaw Can't trumps incendiary speech be legally considered inciting terrorism?
@tribelaw Verbally accosting a politician ia  long standing tradition. Professor when I was a student a @ the UofA in Tucson. Our student body president went to jail for protesting BYU's presence at a basketball game due to their prohibition of dark skinned priests in their church.
@abbydphillip @eliselabottcnn I think the proper position for us in Southwest Asia AKA "The Middle East" is neutral. Possibly a presence in syria to counter russia. But not playing favorites between sunnis and shias. I also, use small letters for socalled christian leaders until they rise above.
@EvelynNFarkas Despite their claims that the Democrats are an angry mob they are reasonably sure they wont be getting any bomb sent their way from actual Democrats. Cowards.
@joncoopertweets Should we ask them t defuse them on air?
@abbydphillip @eliselabottcnn I think the US should treat Saudi Arabia with less respect than supreme leader in Iran. has Iran butchered any of out people even our combatants?
@jaketapper @mkraju Well, to me that means that at least 90% of what comes out of his mount or his other sources of shit are negative. Newton's Laws of Physics again.  Guess she went to a trump charter school.
@joncoopertweets I used to think she may have her head screwed on straight. Now I think maybe shes just screwed up. No sense of proportion. Get her off the air. Another dumb who's blonde.
@ChrisLu44 And trump who wont quit using his open mike cell phone. News Flash - 	Again Pot Call Kettle Black
I see no alternative. The same thing they struck out of the Affordable Care Act, the individual mandate is probably what the courts will use and the excuse to kill the rest of the Social Safety Net (Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid) and then they will say the only way the VA
and some friend of yours our you can't get health care that you can afford. Some preexisting condition that used to be covered b4 trump and the republican lied saying they would cover it, Then they let their lackeys on the formerly supreme court strike it down as UNCONSTITUTIONAL
I don't see any alternative. They wont take all these rights away&gt; When some young lady takes her own life because she made a mistake got pregnant and no one will listen and she sees no way out. Or some friend of yours or you can't get health care that you can afford because of
@MaggieAstor is that a coast redwood on you homepage. If so next time visit the Kineric Sculpture Museum in Ferndale. Truly inspirational eccentricity.
Ever since he was elected Uv been aiding &amp; abetting his instigator of acts. If  sender(s) meant to harm the recipients of these bombs cause of trumps dislike or were simply using his words as an excuse.  You R guilty &amp; should resign immediately. Same health care &amp; pensions as us.
To every small r republican elected official (proof people makes mistakes) who have been wringing their hands &amp; mouthing sad words about someone sending bombs to innocent people thru the mail, You have ever since he was elected been aiding and abetting his instigator of these
@MSNBC @morningmika Yes, scads of voter will fall for it. 	Why else would he do it? 	Clearly he has an even lower opinion of them than I do.	Final question not that it is likely, why should it matter if there are Middle Easterners in the "caravan"? 	They traveled all the way to Central America 1st?
@Slate Why are we even listening to this fake?
@bjcreigh out = to the wall?
@bjcreigh Feed him the talking points and wind him up. In a rational society he would be a janitor's helper. So much for this currently being a rational society. My apologies to janitors.
@KateBolduan This ex-Republican (years ago) &amp; Ex-Marine says keep up the good work. We're depending on you.
@RabbiJill @joanwalsh Hopefully Rabbi you don't always ask rhetorical questions. Keep up the good work.
Members of one of the pillars of our society that I was proud to serve in the Marines long b4 most of you out there were born. Do your duty people. VOTE. If you have any decency left VOTE DEMOCRATIC.  To vote any other way in this election is to condone sending bombs in the mail. https://t.co/up12fKLrwU
RT @BillClinton: Thank you to the @SecretService and all law enforcement agencies who responded to this week's incidents. They work tireles…
RT @bjcreigh: George Soros, Bill and Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, John Brennan, CNN, Eric Holder, ebbie Wasserman Schultz, Andrew Cuomo a…
RT @EPWisco: WISCONSIN: You do NOT have to provide documents to prove citizenship to register or vote here. If registering, you do have to…
@TheRickyDavila @operasingerBB @realDonaldTrump But sadly they wont pay a price for it.
@lilyforest51 @operasingerBB Once a senator or congress person is out of office should have same health care &amp; pensions the rest of us have. They get what they want to give. This goes for those already out of office. No Health Care &amp; No Pension other than Social Security. You take from us You take from you
@worldflood1 The proper thing for him to do RESIGN &amp; take pence with him.
@tedcruz U Should have maintained anti-trump stance 4 these have any more weight than a piece of wet rice paper. As it is you have his shoe marks on you back. So much for standing up to trump the instigator of these acts. As for innocent until proven  . . . same standard he uses on them.
@CNN This is worse than a forked tongue and any of you who believe this charlatan shame on you.  We have to work to isolate him and you for the greater good.  FOOLS
@NicolleDWallace @nytimes And this is supposed to be surprising. He works for putin.
@JuddApatow @RealRonHoward Normal when compared to Capone.
Since there is no statute fo limitations on the act can Kavenaugh be impeached for sexual assault? And if so will he have that could hanging over every decision he participates in?
@ARTEM_KLYUSHIN Why the interest?
NEWTON'S LAWS OF PHYSICS still apply to society! Those 5 men on the formerly "supreme court" can't change the Constitution.  	WE CAN!
Why should James Madison have had all the fun. I expect there to be several amendments covering subjects like Health Care, EEomen's Rights(including the right to choose), Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, and the Veterans Administration for starters. Newton's Laws of Physics
when the court starts taking away more than a woman's right to choose they will help the rest of us render the courts irrelevant. Extremism like this court will evidence will motivate more than Registered Independents like me and Democrats to change the underlying document&gt; Why
I think it is only because people who voted republican in the last few cycles and who are not currently willing to admit that their republican legislators woudl do those things to them that the supreme court is configured the wasy it is;. When the court starts taking away more
@Olivianuzzi In the words of Christina Ricci's Wednesday Addams "Wait!" Give him a couple of news cycles and he will be back on the baseless attacks.
@Raider_Hayter @yashar B4 end of Bracero Program never locked anything. After, now a war zone. Likely drug cartels &amp; people who live along border who like to wreck things. Doubtful migrants cmng to find a btr life. Don't want 2 draw attention. Read George Borjas. Prof. Immigration Econ Kennedy School.
@Raider_Hayter @yashar I grew up on the border w/ Sonora and the border w/Baja. My neighbors lived in a rammed earth hut with palm fronds for a roof. Single room. Outhouse. Hand pump drawing from polluted water table fed by earthen canal e all swam in that town upstream dumped untreated sewage in.
@senatemajldr @SecretService @USPS You might start by resigning. I consider you an accessory before the fact even if you never get charged. You have actively aided and abetted the primary instigator, trump, of these acts. Your immediate resignation would be a good 1st action on your part.
@senatemajldr @SecretService @USPS Your statement isn't worth the paper its printed on.What are you actually going to do about weasel.
@senatemajldr Hollow words mr mcconnell. Leader my ass! Anything less than a successful impeachment of trump is inadequate. I am a former large R Republican &amp; a former Marine Officer. I know what leadership is.. You master mcconnell &amp; your puppeteer trump are bullies &amp; cowards.
@JRubinBlogger Are you now or have you ever been a member of either the small r republican party or that mostly extinct species the large R Republican Party?
@thedailybeast I have 2 future career choices that ms kelly might consider: work with Charlayne Hunter-Gault at anything Ms. Hunter-Gault wishes to put her to work as. She can mever hope to be that smart but she can try. Or she can go get Chris Matthews' okd job with the Peace Corps in Africa.
@Mimirocah1 @GovHowardDean And since he started using the inflammatory words trump on down should be treated as the hierarchy of a criminal conspiracy. Can we apply the RICO Statutes?
@perlmutations Handled properly this can be a boon to anyone running against a republican.  All they have to do is ask their opponent. "Do you support trump?"As far as the perpetrator escaping. Even NASA has not been able to truly shed he bonds of earth. They will be found and brought in.
@perlmutations I have complete faith in the Justice Deparment, FBI &amp; BATF despite trump admin meddling. I expect the creators of these devices to be brought the docket.  If any  material was made on planet earth they will find them. I do not think trump &amp; the republicans can escape culpability.
I  hope dems for both but I don't think so. dems have management but no leadership. Amateurish customer research. Major consumer products companies would go broke if they were this inept. https://t.co/4lZq91YY5P
@jordanwfisher_ @ReginaldALawso1 I think the Constitutional ban on cruel and unusual punishment should be lifted for these folks. Do it out here in CA. Take them out to the Farallones and chum when the boys &amp; girls are back in town. Chomp chomp.
I think the power to levy tariffs should be subject to Senatorial approval since they have the impact of a treaty. maybe not this bunch of crooks and hypocrites.
@Online_Deesully There are loads of people out there who hear and don't want to believe and of course they will blame us independents and the dems. You know like charging someone with murder on the streets of London, UK when they were socked up in San Quentin Prison, CA
@GovHowardDean @WhitfordBradley 28 years ago I listened2 a speech by the COO of World Savings who was working for when he said he could describe their primary client. Then did If the dems, I am not one, want 2 take this process seriously they need to be able to identify who is out there that accurately.
@GovHowardDean @WhitfordBradley And Doc: my  2 senators are Feinstein &amp; Harris. Unsure my A _ _!
@GovHowardDean @WhitfordBradley Doc. I gave 1,000x more $ this time than ever. I am frankly more than saddened by the amateurish approach the Dems seems to be taking to who is out there &amp; how can we persuade them to support us. I got a message fm 1 of their outlets saying my 2 senators were unsure @ kavanaugh
@SenFeinstein @SenKamalaHarris @SenWarren @SenMarkey @Dodgers I live in Marin. Had family members in the Dodger Org back in the 60's support the Giants &amp; A's when they are worth following but am now supporting the Boston Bunch.
@SenFeinstein @SenKamalaHarris @SenWarren @SenMarkey @Dodgers You gonna take them to El Chollo if the Boston wins?
@NBCNewsTHINK @keithkoffler I used to be a Nixon.,Reagan, &amp; Goldwater Republican but can find nothing I could support under that banner these days even unde the influence of halucinogenic drugs.
@yashar @Raider_Hayter I would like to see a society where the only important indicator of who someone is is who they are to themselves. a cousin w/ straight light brown hair &amp; kind of oily complexion when he went 2 college in Flagstaff Native American people came up to him thinking he was one of them.
@ChuckSevola Good luck Sir with your educational efforts. I made the mistake after I served in the 70's of not using my GI Bill benefits until I absolutely needed them. Then when I did I found that Reagan had sunsetted my GI Bill.
No doing your homework and voting No complain. Perhaps you should move somewhere like russia where attempting to vote can get you killed.
News flash to those who have not voted when eligible. Or are not planning to vote for whatever reason. You are not entitled to complain @ how things are politically. Casting an informed vote it the price one pays for the privilege of being allowed to live here and complain.
Many of you seem to believe that mitch, &amp; trump &amp; the upper courts wont harm your Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, Public Schools (they want to turn into for profit schools serving the stockholders not the students) &amp; the VA. Don't come whining to me &amp; the dems when thuy do.
I wont call anyone stupid. However, there seems to ba rather large number of you who identify as republicans and are still supporting the cogressional &amp; senatorail republicans and trump who seem to believe they wont harm your Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, public schools, &amp;
@HuffPost Perhaps she should ty wearing it at midnight in some serious crime ridden black neighborhood where the cops don't even go.  How long is NBC going to keep this dim lighting rod around?
@thedailybeast Maybe not all dumbs are blonde. How many comments liek this will it take to send her back to fox. Or into some other hole.
And this from a party and an administration that claims to hate SOCIALISM. Duh? https://t.co/nmnSaMfLEL
@TheLastWord Lawrence: The person Beto most reminds me of isn't real. He will be on tvs this Xmas. George Bailey. Mr.Potter is in the White House. Tall &amp; lanky, sees no reason not to tell the truth. George or rather James Stewart would seem right at home in all Texas counties.
Take the social safety net away from the middle and lower classes at your peril folks. Your republican lackeys lie b4 the election. mcconnell is at least being honest about that he says he wants to take it. Health care, social security, medicare, medicaid, VA, public schools gone
If we have a 2nd revolution in this country it will look more like the French Revolution that the American Revolution. The American Revolution was started by the aristocracy. In the French Revolution the aristocracy was collateral damage. Take the social safety net away from the
today a small group of very rich very powerful people and companies would like to return to the policies in place when Calvin Coolidge was President. You tout the booming economy. Booming for who? Through history an society that developed a professional warrior class failed. If
people who were out of work because of another small group of very rich very powerful people would be looking to fix the people they likely blamed for their misery. Roosevelt was no liberal. He was simply trying to solve  a bunch of problems he inherited. Today a small group of
A war started by a small group of very rich very powerful people. But they had not themselves fought in that war. They had sent millions of people much less rich than themselves. And likely many of the people who were out of work in 1932 largely as a result of another small group
He realized that real unemployment was likely higher than 25%. he realized that if he didn't put those people to work they would find other things to do with their skills. Many of those people had fought in the Great War. A war started by a small group of very rich very powerful
Hoover started many of the programs Roosevelt sped up, he just had not gone far enough fast enough Roosevelt came into office he saw 25% official unemployment He saw Huey Long espousing what he was espousing down in Baton Rouge &amp; realized he was sitting on a time bomb. He
Roosevelt folded many of Hoover's ideas into his policies, like building a massive number of dams, hydro-electric projects across the country like Grand Coulee Dam and the Tennessee Valley Authority. Hoover had started many of those things that have Roosevelt's name on them he
some of the things tht Roosevelt tried to claim as his ideas, like the dam on the Colorado River over near Las Vegas, when Roosevelt christened it he called it Boulder Dam. Trying to put his stamp on it. Hoover had in fact started many of the programs Roosevelt included in his
Notice to the top 1%: You and people like you consider Franklin Roosevelt "a traitor to his class." Well, if you really think about it. He probably saved your class. If you look at the platforms he &amp; Hoover ran on they weren't that different. In fact some of the things Roosevelt
@carlreiner Sorry Mr. Reiner: Those nerve endings don't exist in his world. Least of al in his body.
you violated the teachings of your own religion. King James Bible: 	 Matthew 7:1-3 King James Version (KJV)	 7 Judge not, that ye be not judged.	 2 For with what judgment ye judge, ye shall be judged: and with what measure ye mete, it shall be measured to you again. 		So Be it!
For those of you who call yourselves Christian if you favor taking children away from their parents at our southern border because they came seeking sanctuary and you judged them even though they have done nothing to you and you don;t know any of them you have violated the
That is of course assuming (always bad to assume) YOU ARE HUMAN?
And this goes double for those of you who continue to vote for this beast. What have these people or those like them done to you? I have a very vivid imagination and even it cannot fathom a human rationale for this kind of treatment of your brother and sister human being. That is
And as such to all of you so-called religious creatures (this not any way I know of as human) I hope the rest of your life here on Earth is your definition of HELL. &amp; when you die I hope you go to your version of HELL for as long as time lasts.
and anyone who I named above who is culpable in this heinous act who claims to be religious I say BULLSHIT. There is no way that I know of from what I was taught in Sunday School that as far as I know is common among all religions that you can justify this. And as such to all of
to me separating children from their families at our border especially when they are fleeing violence an likely death is simply orders of magnitude less than the Holocaust and is worse than morally reprehensible it is completely morally bankrupt. And anyone who I named above who
if you are in a position of power enough to stop it and you don't master ryan/sec/nielsen/gen. kelly/justice roberts/anyone backing trump in any way you are culpable in this morally bankrupt act. With apologies to my Jewish and other friends who had people lost in the Holocaust,
AsI understand it the trump cabal is seriously considering restarting taking children from their parents @ the Mexico Border. To anyone who is a part of the trump cabal or is aiding or abetting them (congress/senate/caabinet/etc) if this occurs you are culpable. mcconnell/
@RickPetree @PieroCastellano B4 that 2 of the most decorated units in US Army during WWII non white. The Tuskegee Airmen ( the red tails) &amp; the 442nd Regimental Combat Team (All Japanese-Not all from internment camps) Senator Daniel Inouye Hawaiian Japanese -&gt;Lost arm no med school-&gt; Medal of Honor.
@susanengel14 Sorry to a kill joy but given mcconnell's possibly illegal behavior up to this point I wouldn't put it past them to have all the new legislation drawn up the day they return to the possibly lame duck session and get it passed b4 xmas. Merry Xmas.
@RickPetree @PieroCastellano The worst home front disaster in WWII took place just off San Francisco Bay - The Port Chicago Mutiny	https://t.co/VBnynjElk3
@JakeSherman So now if he follows through the repubs will have an even bigger excuse  to go after all the safety net including public schools and the VA.
@susanengel14 So now if he follows through the repubs will have an even bigger excuse to go after all the safety net including public schools and the VA.
RT @Delavegalaw: This is a huge lie. You need to say that in the tweet @thehill. Every time the president says a lie, say it's a lie. Don't…
@joncoopertweets Not with dems controlling the congress and conducting one.
@susanengel14 If you think about it. It's even possible to be outwardly dismissive of people at the same time you seem to be being solicitous and acknowedging their comments or thoughts.  I am reminded of Aunt Clara on Bewitchced. Not as dim as she seemed. https://t.co/yvW02pe706
@JRubinBlogger @michaeldweiss @JeffreyGoldberg Does having read "7 Pillars of Wisdom" qualify?
@mkraju @MalcolmNance I think unless he's ready to walk away and take as neutral a position as possible between them and Iran and act on it legislatively, then he should just zip it.
@JRubinBlogger I don't wonder at all. What's to wonder about other how much his ass does putrid putin own and how much do others, like the slimy saudi's own?
@HuffPost To me tucker carlson's entire life is "a stunt."
@susanengel14 If I'm nice to people even when they know I don't mean it it drives them nuts. What you are doing is telling them they don't register on your Richter Scale. Some people of my acquaintance come right out and say "Your weak shit don't register w/ me wanna try again?" Walk away
@JoyceWhiteVance There is no statute of limitations on murder in any country I know of. If this slug wont do his duty and distance us from those slime balls perhaps we could persuade Senator Klobuchar to take the helm and steer this ship of state to more neutral waters in that region. .
@JoyceWhiteVance Why would they want to solve problem. What use would even the least analytical among su have for them then.  Like Colin K. and the kneelers who I served in the military to give a voice to whether I agreed. We need to solve the problems. They need to make them bigger then they are
@RBReich Professor: I live right across the bay from you an area with some of the most affluent suburbs in the world. In San Rafael-Nice middle class. My polling place is right over the hill in Frank Lloyd Wright's building built for the Jetsons. Even w all that $ around us paper ballots.
@juliaioffe Anyone who is either gullible or brain dead enough to believe that Mr. Khashoggi's death was anything other than sadistically intentional I will again offer to sell you the 11 bridges here in the San Francisco Bay Area which I make no claim to own but will gladly sell you- cheap.
,
at heart. Case in point of someone who had a Hispanic surname and most definitely did not have the Hispanic men under his supervision's best interest at heart, Juan  Corona.	https://t.co/635k6vviq5
There's a man running for the senate in Utah who had better be more fluent in Spanish than I am. Mitt Romney's dad, George, was born in Mexico. Just because someone is Mexican or has a Mexican surname does not mean they have that segment of the population's best interest at
@DeAlcoholist @KeithBarrett @tribelaw But do they act in a Christian manner. No. As Rachael says: "Watch what they do not what they say." Abetting the separation of families at the border. Unwillingness to admit we have a race problem in this country. Shall I go on?
The important question the people of Texas have to answer when they go to the polls is not who is genetically Mexican, but who has my best interests at heart?
my grandfather who learned to speak Spanish b4 he learned to speak English told me once "when i speak Spanish I think in Spanish". And he and I both knew plenty of Mexicans who didn't have their Mexican neighbors best interest at heart. The omportant thing about a person in this
Ok Beto is not genetically Mexican. I grew up in SW Arizona 5 mi from Sonora &amp; Baja with a grandfather who was born in SE Sonora. Who's parents were English Canadian and Italian. He learned to speak Spanish b4 he learned to speak English. He told me once "When I speak Spanish I
the real weapon is each person he comes across to as sincere and well thought out even if they don't agree with him entirely. Because they go back to the gym or the diner and tell their friends about their conversation with Beto. Ok,so Beto is not Mexican. But does he have
Beto O'Rourke knows how to speak in sound bites. But that is not his primary weapon. Him face to face with a brother or sister Texan answering their questions. Sure bit of those conversations get on the local, regional, national and international news. But the real weapon is each
Do you know why Beto O'Rourke has become such a phenomenon? Mr. O'Rourke sat himself down and thought about every issue he could imagine. Then he thought about where he was on that issue and why. Then he sets out to connect one on one with people in every part of Texas. He knows
Then Mr. O'Rourke goes to every part of the state and puts, and Texas as you can see is a very big state
Do you folks in the democratic headquarters understand why Beto O'Rourke has become such a phenomenon? Because he is not a prepackage product&gt; Because he has sat down and thought though every issue he can imagine. And he has thought about where he is on each issue and why. Then
Youre right. You're absolutely right. Man how dim can he be. I don't think the "leader of the free world" knows how DNA tests are conducted. Stable genius? I guess he meant he works in stables. https://t.co/ZnhMOxrzqJ
RT @AndrewGillum: Welcome back to Florida, @realDonaldTrump. My name is Andrew Gillum and I'm the only candidate for Governor who believes…
democratic party if you take us, as Gloria Swanson called us in "Sunset Boulevard" "those wonderful people out there in the dark" if you take us 4 granted you'll lose. You supposedly have to policies and plans that benefit us common folk&gt; How do you know? Have you actually asked?
Jim Judd the COO if World could put the most arcane thing in the language of those he was speaking to. One Christmas he said: "I can give you a physical description of our primary customer." Then he did it, Democratic Party unless you start doing that immediately you'll lose.
they got the invite someone from another department outside ours to come and tell them what that department did.The holiday season one was always off site and Jim Judd the COO was always the person invited. He always came and seemed happy to he there. He could put the most arcane
When I worked for World Savings my boss's boss was  of the Xeriods The Sandler's (husband &amp; wife CEO &amp; Chairman) &amp; Jim Judd (COO) brought in to World. He started having quarterly department wide lunches that the hourly employees organized and ran. They got to invite someone from
Not that it matters but i check the box next to word "white" on most multiple choice surveys. My political affiliations all the way back to 1972 are a matter of public record. When I worked for World Savings in the late 80's and 90's my boss's boss was one of the Xerox Xeriods
My senators are Diane Feinstein &amp; Kamala Harris. If your market research is that ham handed you're gonna lose. How can you possibly hope to interest a diverse group like "Hispanics" or "African Americans" , Not that it matters but I check the box next to the word "white" on most
I can personally understand how inept the democratic party must be when it comes to reaching out to individuals or a particular groups and its various permutations. I recently received a message supposedly aimed at me personally saying:"your senators are unsure @ kavanaugh. My
@CheriJacobus @highbrow_nobrow too late he did it to himself years ago. Long before the term "selfie" took on its current meaning.
"It's better to let people think you're an idiot than to open your mouth and prove ir for them." I can't figure out whether the adult trump family members are that clueless, that stupid, or that arrogant because they seem to a person to be unaware of that expression.
@joncoopertweets @NathanLerner I've suggested to other that Jeff Foxworthy stage a trump family version of "Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader" I suspect it would be so outrageous Saturday Night Live would simply rebroadcast it.
@ProudResister There's a movie out there that explains how the border used to be. And how many if not most families who come here, legal or not, assimilate themselves into the fabric of this country and make it stronger. Mi Familia or My Family. Executive Producer - Francis Ford Coppola- Enjoy
@SaysHummingbird @VicBullard Is that a chargeable offense? Can we wait until papa in law is out of the wh then send this asshole to jail?
@barrforcongress Mr. Barr- Scare people by making untrue statemenst about something you know little about. The borders are not undefended. They never have been. And without the military going down there and sitting around watching the people who's job it is to defend the border do their job.
@MichaelSteele @RadioFreeTom As I suggested to Eli Stokols earlier I think Jeff Foxworthy should host a special trump family edition of "Are Smarter Than a 5th Grader?" I don't think Saturday Night Live could get more laughs.
@EliStokols I think Jeff Foxworthy should have a "Are Smarter Than 5th Grader?" special Trump Family edition. I'm sure Saturday Night Live would conclude they couldn't get more laughs parodying something that ridiculous.
@EliStokols eric = rich dumb shit	wealth does not = knowledgeable.	Often quite the opposite. What kind of cake does he like?
@EliStokols I bet eric doesn't know what the diff. btwn metaphorical and literal is? AG Holder metaphorical. donald not jokiingliteral.  	lit·er·al/ˈlidərəl,ˈlitrəl/ adjective: literal; adjective: literal-minded	1. taking words in their usual or most basic sense without metaphor or allegory.
@stephencolbertr I really enjoy ur shew. Normally don;t suggest. But last night u missed a golden opportunity when attributing new condom's lubricant 2 Jr.1 pic = 1,000 words.  If you had put a 2nd picture of him wearing a full body one pulled down over his head.
@L8ShowColbert Stephen: I really do enjoy your show. "Guy on CBS" I would not normally suggest But I think you missed golden opportunity. When attributing the lubricant on the new condom to Jr.. If you had added a 2nd picture of him wearing a full body condom right after the 1st.
@ProudResister You have more faith in the American voter than I do. I think Dave Barry's definition of a guy: "a Labrador Retriever with a remote control". Apllies to too many of them, male and female. Apologies to Labrador Retrievers.
@JohnJHarwood As a former born and raised Arizona Republican I consider him irrelevant ever since his con job on kavanaugh. Send him to his room until his term is up then send him to Maverick, AZ. Nobody live there anymore as far as I know.
@joncoopertweets Do we seriously have to even notice him. I mean seriously.
@carlreiner @adirado29 Mr Reiner: You have some catching up to do, As I understand it Spartacus lives in Palm Springs. Haven't heard from him lately but I can't imagine he's sitting on his ass. Probably planning to vote.
@ProudResister @tedcruz Perhaps she should help her husband lose so he can get a real job on K Street.
@Dangchick1 @ProudResister @GOP DITTO DITTO DITTO DITTO DITTO DITTO DITTO DITTO I'd put a lump of shit next to a picture of trump on my bumper but the health department would probably pull me over right after the shit left not wanting to be associated with something even worse.
@barrforcongress As someone who grew up down there working the fields, this ex-Marine agrees w/ the colonel. Sending the military down to the border to do something they aren't trained to do is a colossal waste. Leave it to the specialists. Perhaps you should keep your current job.
@barrforcongress Mr. Barr: How close have you ever been to the border? Flying over it going to Cancun or Cabo? I grew up 5 miles from Sonora to the south and Baja to the west. No one is going to let drug cartels "flood" across the border.  I'm also a former Marine who doubts the Col  is a liberal
@aravosis @CheriJacobus If they did . . . we will.
@MalcolmNance @NaveedAJamali @AmyMcGrathKY Every time  a 2-seater goes in harms way there are 2 lives at risk.  When George Herbert Walker Bush was shot down near Chi Chi Jima in WWII, he was rescued his weapons officer wasn't. Does the fact that the other man never controlled the plane make him less of a hero. No.
@washingtonpost I think maybe the best way to honor Mr. Khashoggi is for an international journalism prize to be awarded in his name. And for it to become an award on par with a Pulitzer or Peabody.
@ChocaholicBrit You like chocolate? I hold in my hand a pint of Fiorello's Gelato. About the same density as a standard 16 pound bowling ball. It is made with Valrhona Chocolate. Made her San Rafael, CA. yum.
@TheRickWilson we elected the guy wanted comrade and he is responsible so are you.
@GovHowardDean Note to melania. wear whatever you want but you gotta carry anything you take yourself.
@GovHowardDean They want an obstacle course ship this dummy to Honduras. They make it back on foot unassisted &amp; alive put them in1 of trumps internment camps. We have all the trumps, melania &amp; all the kids try the course Tegucigalpa to Eagle Pass. Reserve an internment space  4 all survivors.
@joncoopertweets They should all be shipped out to Johnson Island. No immigration problem there.
@tribelaw In my book he is. And such talk put my Marine Corps in harms way unnecessarily.
@adirado29 @NicolleDWallace Man 2 lifelong Republicans (Capital letters =good people.) A very outspoken liberal &amp;  moderately liberal individual agreeing what this county SHOULD BE. WE SHALL OVERCOME 4those who don't want to live in a human coat of many colors land. Door swings both ways folks. BYE
@MillenPolitics @joncoopertweets You go Guy &amp; Gals!
@EJDionne It's people like Nancy &amp; Col McGrath who make this ex-Marine hopeful that he will see a woman Commandant b4 too long.
@MalcolmNance Dung Beetle walks upright.
@jasoninthehouse Mr. Chaffetz: Go crawl back into the hole you crawled out of. And wipe the shit off your face from brown nosing trump.
@SenatorCollins go away
@TheRickWilson @BeverlyJCampbe1 Captain Renault was "shocked, just shocked that gambling is going on here!" just before the waiter hands him his winnings. https://t.co/AkrE3ZcVQP
@waltshaub I'll take choice #2
@JRubinBlogger Just like the Chicago politicians whom he owned letting Al Capone investigate himself, for his little St. Valentine's Day calling card.
@JillWineBanks I think people like John Brennan and Evelyn Farkas would be better guides on subject like this. But when megalomaniacs are left to prey upon those who wont think for themselves. At least Burt Lancaster's Elmer Gantry was handsome and charming.
@JillWineBanks He's been this way as long as I can remember. Self interest not God's.  Gordon Gecko wrapped in false propriety.
@djrothkopf Accessory before the fact.
@dandrezner @BeverlyJCampbe1 Let's send him and hsi father-law to guantanamo. Not passing through. Nice beach.
@ahardtospell Mr. Muresianu: I was a Republican. I'm an Independent. Until those "broad swaths of conservatives" as you call them publicly disavow the racist elements in the party the dems are correct to lump them in together with the racist.  Few heroes there. Mr. King does what works 4 him.
@SRuhle @realDonaldTrump And as former Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense Farkas suggested, since our own oil production has reached the level it has they are not as important to us as they used to be and picking sides, other than Israel, in that region is not often a good idea,
@washingtonpost She definitely got played big time. I, a Registered Independent, idn't hink she could beat trump before this still don't. Wouldn't vote for her b4 wont now.
@HuffPost Democratic mega donors: send this man home or to K Street.
@JeffFlake Mr. Flake the man you put on our formerly highest court will do what he can to reign in the free press. Its all part of you party's effort to stay in control &amp; serve their rich  corporate masters. As far as I, a former Marine, you have no credibility on such subjects. GO HOME
@tribelaw Can they get around it by specifying it in the user agreement?
@KarenAttiah @JKhashoggi @washingtonpost He will live on like Revolutionary Emiliano Zapata. Group in Chiapas the Zapatistas. Like the man, helping the indigenous&amp; poor. They have renounced violence for political methods. I also believe there will likely be an international journalism prize in his name.
@EvelynNFarkas Madam Secretary: I believe it was in the early 80's  my uncle who was head of foreign student recruitment at USC in LA at the timetook me to meet a gentleman he had recruited to get a masters degree. He was introduced to me as a Yemini I believe, Yeslam Bin Laden.
@benphillips76 @joncoopertweets Neither side needs this deal. It's all ego. Cancel it.
@clairecmc Why can't we get common folks who voted for trump to wake up.
@nytimes @WhitfordBradley @NickKristof It is really scary when you realize that the person with is finger on the button is that detached from reality. Good thing he waas never really in the military or saw combat. The exit wound would probably been in front.
@nytimes @WhitfordBradley @NickKristof What brand knee pads and do that still have sand on them.
@ellievan65 It isn't his delusion I worry @. Those who follow him &amp; hang on his every word &amp; those who know better &amp; coddle him because they have a very un-American agenda &amp; they need him to stay in wh so they can turn this place into the society or fore fathers fought a revolution against.
@ColMorrisDavis @realDonaldTrump @GOP This ain't going away. I expect that some very influential international press org will soon be giving out an honorary award w/ Mr. Khashoggi's name on it. Like the Zapatistas in Chiapas carrying on Emiliano's work wi the peasants. Can you tell me who ordered his killing. I can't
@ColMorrisDavis @realDonaldTrump @GOP Couldn't have said it btr myself Col. I have sword in my closet like my brother &amp; sister Marine Officers have carried since Lt. Prseley O'Bannon was sent over there by Pres. Thos. Jefferson to deal w some folks doing similar thing 2 our people. It's in our hymn line 1.
@HuffPost I guess you don't believe in the Constitution unless you have personal need of it, huh?
@HuffPost Stick to God sir. BTW sir are you one of those preachers on TV Hank Jr. sang about?
@HuffPost Sounds like Evelyn Farkas who was a lot closer to the nature of our "relationship" with saudi arabia  rational people were in the white house &amp; she served as among other things Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense than the reverend. We shouldn't be picking side in Middle East.
@joncoopertweets And this is the guy who is helping to carry out trumps true agenda. Never mind what he promised all you who voted for him . BOHICA
@TheRickWilson His uncle was a science professor at MIT so he naturally knows science. Sure. I have a cousin who has perfect pitch so if trumps reasoning is to be sued I should be able to sing. Not in a bucket.
@ColMorrisDavis @GOP Probably more than 30 pieces of silver.
@SykesCharlie Religious leader. The latest fighter jet is the latest graven image. The man was Marine fighter pilot be4 he was implying god supports war.
To those of you who voted for trump and are not on the Forbes list of richest Americans. How is that tax cut helping.  And that new trade deal with China? Wrll BOHICA!
@MarkIKendrick @RBReich They want to cut all entitlements, not aimed the rich. They want to cut Medicaid too. They were against the Medicaid expansion. And so is kavenaugh.
@joncoopertweets There's a town in eastern central AZ on the San Francisco river, a tributary of the Gila. Back in the '80's the river flooded twice in the same decade. From what I remember FEMA told them that if they wanted FEMA insurance they had to move the town which they supposedly did.
@joncoopertweets What about the other races they need to win to take the senate?
Multiple choice question (there are no wrong answers -even no answer)	Is donald trump: 	a ignorant; 	b stupid; 	c mean; 	d arrogant; 	e indifferent 2 fate of less than rich Americans;	f owned by more than1 foreign boss; 	g mentally ill;	h suffering dementia;	h all of the above
@BetteMidler She missed 2 bullseyes out of 30 on the rifle range. Does not mean she missed the target. That kind of shooting suggests that the 2 bullet holes (.223 in. dia.) were more in the 4 ring than the smaller 5 ring. In any event anyone who can shoot like that man or woman you respect.
I understand that this "rogue element" took a noted saudi pathologist with them to turkey. ? 4 the doc. Which one of trumps testicles do you folks own and which one does putin own and who owns his ass?
@joncoopertweets Is he that sure of his position? I thought muy brother &amp; sister seniors were what his position waS built on. I think he may have given dems a rallying cry to take the senate away. And even if all the airway ad buys are taken with $38M Beto can probably knock on every door in tx.
News flash to Mary Bono: type Simone into google it probably wont give you Nina.
@ZerlinaMaxwell Where has she been saudi arabia? Does she know who Serena Williams is? Barack Obama? Sounds like she's almost as qualified for her job as trump is for his?
@MSNBC Those who voted for trump are guilty of a rush to judgement. Bad judgement.
@perlmutations I don't hate him. To hate someone I think you have to care.  I don't think you have to hate someone when the facts speak for themselves. The results are in he is a total idiot.
@perlmutations Mr. Perlman: You sure its not 99 &amp; 44/100's%. Leaving a bit of room for impurities and air?
If his behavior negatively impacts his college chances tooooooo. BAD!	Boy sues school for gender discrimination over expulsion after admitting to sexual harassment https://t.co/rFKx868fMk
@JohnJHarwood Mr. Harwood you are surely being facetious. You know as well as I do they lied. Knowing what would happen. Now is the time to stop the wash rinse repeat. Let's put them on a no pension no health care retirement.
@RBReich How about ending the golden parachute for congress. No better healthcare than Medicaid. And no pension.
@marcorubio Senator: My Spanish is not what it should be. Yo tengo solamente una pregunta para el presidente. Donde esta el cuerpo? Where's the body. If it hasn't been cremated or some other nefarious act it and if he died as they say it should be in one piece. Which doubt.
@jon_rauch @MaxBoot The exchange between Senator Klobuchar and kavenaugh @ his drinking. Her calmness clearly unsettled him. And her demeanor was that of someone who knew she was smarter and clearly in charge. He acted like a little kid who'd been called to the Principal's Office. Familiar ground?
@Elise_Jordan I think electing a woman president in 2020 would be a good 1st step. Then someone might consider giving Donnie a good soap bubble gargle.
@jon_rauch @MaxBoot Need to model their behavior on moderates like Senator Klobuchar. I bet she was a force in the courtroom. Don't let them see you get mad. Let their opponents be the agitated ones. The one's getting confused. Be the calm rational people focused on the peoples' problems and issues.
@SenBlumenthal "I'm you puppet"	https://t.co/aE4TtuZGfg
@BChappatta @maggieNYT Same old game. This time let's see if we can make them cut entitlements to the top 1%. They are the true welfare cheats. And let's see If the dems can energize their base to throw the mcconnell bums out.
@mkraju Regardless, this shows trumps hypocrisy.  Slamming all Muslims when it is his puppeteers who are the baddies.
@mkraju I would suggest that if the Saudis can't produce an undissected body then wee sanction them severely.
@jimsciutto "I'm your puppet"https://t.co/4Jc8CXw8gN
@jimsciutto Yeahm he's trying to misdirect the listeners attention. His investments in those 2 countries is not the point. The point should be.Not how much does he own of them but how much do they own of him? https://t.co/4Jc8CXw8gN
the "fundamentalists christians" = political power in excess of thei rnumbersand trump is getting $$$$$ from the saudis. hypocrits both.
but gave trump a pass for much worse. And trump imposes a travel ban on all  Muslims . . . except the most radical sect from saudi arabia. Why are trumps fundamentalist supporters willing to give him a pass and why is he so lenient to saudi arabia? They are each getting something
I am reminded of Jeanie C Rileyline for her song "Harper Valley PTA" "this just a little hating place and you're all Harper Valley hypocrites." trump's socalle fundamentalist christian supporters who raked Bill Clinton over the coals for his sexual transgressions but gave trump
@KBorkman @KeithBarrett @tribelaw What statistic?
The saudis now claim Khashoggi died during a botched interrogation. Ok. So there should be an intact body. I suspect there is no body. Pieces cremated. No way to prove their case. I don't believe them &amp; I suspect other tham trump and family &amp; severe loyalist not many others . .
@RickPetree How influential is Emiliano Zapata today?	https://t.co/iQYTR23u2D
@RickPetree Mr. Emiliano Zapata not Marlon Brando https://t.co/WgyGo6ElXm
@JoyceWhiteVance @SenWarren donnie don't take on a tough smart "okie" who came up the hard way. Given that one of the shrewdest women I ever knew my grandmother who not only lived to be 100. But also to complain about winning Bridge games from younger women @ that age, was from Texas. Okie is a honorific.
@tribelaw Imagine the same brain trust that is against government subsidized family planning and abortions is trying to suppress the votes of people of color. And what segments of the population are most likely to need family planning or will end up overwhelming the voter suppression game?
@renato_mariotti I mean, How many consulates have boen saws?
@renato_mariotti I'd like for them to produce the body. If it has been sawn apart wouldn;t that suggest a premediatated execution? Then so much for accidental death?
@RickPetree Yup. But they need to find others to play Khashogi. Brando &amp; Quinn are dead. I'm sure there are prominent Saudi's &amp; Yemeni's who are not technically part of the royal family who's support the family needs. Who were readers of Khashoggi's column. How they gonna deal w that?
@RickPetree I wonder if these geniuses ever heard of Emiliano Zapata? He has accomplished more since he died than he did while living. And the man he fought against was deposed. And for some in his part of Mexico. "He's still out there."
@jdawsey1 Accidental? If the body ii n piece that suggests premeditation. Hey geniuses. The FBI Agent who got Saddam to talk used situation control and patience. Sounds to me like you didn't want him ever to be roaming around. You know what happens quite often in these situation legend . .
@jdawsey1 Where are his remain? Or are they not willing to turn over a butchered human body?
@HuffPost That makes 4 self serving twits.
@tribelaw If i'm on trial for my life I sure as hell don't want some green horn defending me. A scene in Bill Murray's version of the Razor's Edge the white Harvard Ambulance on the battlefield get blown to smitherines after its occupants crow about winning some irrelevant race.
@tribelaw in on line of work which I pursued, young officers with only officers candidate school under their belts and no experience often came home from combat with the exit wound on the front.
@tribelaw Well the Volstead Act got repealed. And I would go along with Justice Stevens's comments on the 2nd Amendment.
@tribelaw Despite his opponents'ridicule of Obama's work as a community organizer it made him a much more effective leader &amp;a much tougher candidate.  I think the focus of the admissions process should be on how well rounded a product are they making. In one line of work that I pursued---
@tribelaw As Hugo Black proved it only takes one to stop a court packing effort. But only one has any business getting involved in the amendment process and making Roberts sit there and watch the rules change without him being able to do anything about it. How sweet.
@tribelaw I think we need a national campaign aside from the ones for elective office. We need to change the rule book. And it will take lots of $$$$$$$$$$$. But we need to begin amending the constitution. There are things that just shouldn't be in play.
@tribelaw To paraphrase Don Drysdale "A little chin music appreciation would seem to be in order."
@tribelaw Get rid of voter suppression 1st. To hell with Roberts and kavenaugh and the rest of the republican bench sitters.
@tribelaw Professor: You're being too kind. Let's take 'em both tp the Persian Gulf and keel haul them. Like Jefferson and the Marines did the Barbary Pirates.
@tribelaw @katiecouric @rtraister Professor, women's memories. You make 'em made. Oh Hell. And now the republicans have put a 2nd turd on the court who is likely guilty of sexual misconduct. What's that old saw Fool me once shame on you, fool me twice. I don't think we're going there Reckoinng on its way.
Chances are pretty good that the Democrats will take the House and will hopefully take rhe Senate too, Even if they only take the house you will likely not hear the end of it and if they take the Senate 2018 &amp; the White House in 2020.  How much of a financial hit can you afford
@TheDemCoalition My experience as a Registered Independent, the Democrats tend to be Hhhhhmmmmmmm and it is the republicans who aid and abet the white supremicists. https://t.co/HvXkf7yV5R
If ou republicans any cajones we could fill any shortcoming in world oil productiom you may wish to create. And if you do? It will be your coffer that shrink. Not ours. So retaliate all you like.
I have a simple soultion for the Saudis. If mr Kasoggi is alive . . . produce him. If you can't you killed him. And we;re giving you more of a chance than you probably gave him. And if you get sanctioned and you retaliate,, you lose again.  If our republicans had any cajones we
@AlxThomp I'm a Registered Independent &amp; the fact that Bill Clinton's affairs existed at all were because of his abuse of his power at each stop on his political rise. However, since we are in this swamp it is a matter of degrees. And other things that I think trump should be convictd of.
@rachaelmbade @kyledcheney I'm a registered Independent. But I think as to whether the House Intel Committee emerges, from any potential Democratic takeover of the House, as bipartisan seeker of truth will depend entirely on the repiblicans.
@TheGigi_Monster @GeorgeTakei Paint me on Velvet by the Austin Lounge Lizards https://t.co/Op4KPTJ6An
@Zathras3 Born &amp; raised in AZ. Goldwater Republican. USMC Should have left newt started disinforming/reeducation/instilling unnecessary rage in the lazy new republicans. I use lower case for lower case humanoids. Party left me. Changed to Independent helping Wesley Clark. Welcome
@RawStory Maybe not but I'd say the odds are pretty good that you either are of if you haven't come out strongly against his position on race then maybe you  should come of the KKK closet.
@JohnWDean We need to not only get a Democrat elected governor in GA. We need to take away offices like secretary of state in those states and others even lower down on the food chain. We need to reflect the actual population. Not wat republicans would like it to seem.
@RickPetree @ReaganCBrown maintaining the veneer of respectability is what has allowed them in the past to keep on things. Possibly things as bad as Saddam got condemned for. I think now the veneer is gone. The Genie or Jinn is out of the bottle as it were.
@tribelaw With all due respect to most officers of the court kavenaugh is a turd.
@chefbyaccident1 @PalmerReport Hope you're right.
@RickPetree @ReaganCBrown Departures like Richard Branson's probably fits both shame and economy.
@RawStory Message to Mary	Gypsies Tramps &amp; Thieves	https://t.co/8mqhwEiCso
@RickPetree @ReaganCBrown This current Saud "family dynasty" is the result of a bloody take over is it not? And from what I know of them they don't take kindly to outliers. Especially ones who bring shame on the family and the US is not the only audience out there.
@JillWineBanks YES. During his rant in the senate judiciary room she looked like Susan Hayward in "I Want to Liv" Like she was on trial.
The stable genius donald trump initiated a Muslim travel ban. Then he separated Hispanic babies from their families at the border&amp; locked them up in cages. Al Queda &amp; Isis each issue recruiting posters in Arabic and MS13 issues one in Spanish. All 3 have the same poster boy. Gee?
@RickPetree @ReaganCBrown Es un gran desierto.  It's big desert. One he may be there the next no se?
@RickPetree @ReaganCBrown Hopefully, the overall Royal Family can deal with this internally and very swiftly.  MbS=Un desaparecido Tambien  Si es posible
@RawStory @BeverlyJCampbe1 I think her predecessor, Bono-wise-needs to give a few lessons in public relations and common sense.
@JohnWDean Tommie Finnegan	https://t.co/dQnIfLCyVr
@Sarah_Boxer @Daniel_00000007 @FLOTUS Well sounds like they're doing a good job conserving energy. 	Obama brain wattage: lights in a football stadium. 	trump brain wattage: that little orange light on top of your paper shredder.
@Sarah_Boxer @Daniel_00000007 @FLOTUS She's emotionally stuck in Jr high just like her husband.
@harrygod I have no doubt that we'll win again. One of my favorite movies: The Milagro Bean Field War. @ the end of the movie the gringo land owner sent his henchmen. They end up out numbered by townspeople with axes, shovel, and hoes. Henchman is asked Custer mean anything 2 u?
@harrygod so what's the solution?
@BetteMidler When I was @ The Basic School @ Quantico in 70's the best rifle shot on staff was a petite brunette waiting 4 her company to form. brought to our attention by male weapons instructor whom she beat. He seemed fine w/it. Cute and harmless as a Bushmaster. https://t.co/Q76nnW5suF
Outside of what? All the groups suing are from inside Georgia &amp; have been there a long time have they not?  Seems a foo'ls errand to antagonize the groups of people who will soon be the real majorities in Georgia. Georgia's Secretary of State should change his name to De Klerk. https://t.co/gxfTzo22v7
RT @ProudResister: Dear @GOP,		When you stood by Trump after he bragged on tape about sexual assault...		Then stood by Moore after he was c…
@harrygod Send him 1st. I think there might be fraud charges for him to deal with at the state level. And if This murder in Turkey was due to his divulging intelligence give him to the Hague. No pardon there.
@susanengel14 Sorry to hear about your mom. So true about health care in a civilized country. Do we want to be one? We'll see?
@SenFeinstein Senator: I doubt that will happen until Adam Schiff is in charge of the appropriate house committee. And if is it turns out to be what I suspect if mcconnell is still the senate majority boss, perish the thought, and wont impeach the trumps then he truly has been bought.
In 1972 I registered as a Republican. In 2004 I changed my registration to Independent. I should have done that about 1986 when Newt was raging. The entity that calls itself the republican party is in fact a morally bankrupt criminal enterprise  and should be taken apart w/ RICO
To chief justice roberts: sir, the case in GA regarding their secretary of state suspending a block of voters that is 70% black. Should he insist you hear the case &amp; you do anything other than decide against him including declinig to hear it you will render your court irrelecvant
@jimsciutto Unfortunately we will likely have to wait until Adam Schiff is in charge of the House Intel b4 we get answers. Then maybe we can start dismantling the trump attempt at a slow motion coup.
@tribelaw In what direction are trumps financial ties not murky?
@JRubinBlogger But w/ an apparently corrupt senate &amp; high court how can things like the Lawyers Committee succeed. Racism &amp; the backward driving forces in their activities seem to be winning the day. Is there a possibility that we can still remove kavenaugh by non impeach legal means?
@WillieGeist @washingtonpost Any other person was president this would not have happened.
@waltshaub So our president was bought off. Accessory before and after the fact. Screw mr kavenaugh. There are some crimes that are higher than high crimes and misdemeanors. If the republican try to block this they truly have become a criminal enterprise. Their self righteousness =hipocricy
@SabineResists Maybe to anyone who is civil, rational and cares. That lets both parties all 3 parties to that relationships  . . . out. I'm including the ferret son in law. My apologies to real ferrets.
@patnolan Thank you. I can't wait until Adam Schiff is in charge of House committee. Boy Howdy!
@patnolan Putting your thoughts on twitter is not going to impact the National Park Service nearly as much as logging a complaint directly with them on their comments page. I'm not saying that even that will have much impact. But here on twitter will not be seen as official .
the trash truck would back up to the hill and push out all of its trash then a big yellow Cateillar with a dozer blade on it and push a wall of dirt over the trash. If the republican are going to continue to act like trash. Treat them like it.
how to respond to republican low blow tactics. I used to take my aluminum cans to the dump and quite often while I was there a trash truk would back up to the hill and pull all of its trash ut. Then a big yellow Caterpillar with dozer blade on it would bury the trash under a
I was just watching a discussion how to respond to republican underhanded and often illegal tactic. &amp; senator paul your comments are the pot calling the kettle black. These tactics in this generation began with newt. But as for how to deal with republicans low blow tactic. Well I
Message to the dem leadership (not showing much lately): I am a registered Independent. Used to be a Republican. If  you nominate some seriously left leaning progressive darling who can't possibly beat trump. COUNT ME OUT. I will vote locally. Pass on pres. Just a thought.
To the so-called republican leadership (not by any definition I understand): Are you this generation's "Brown Shirts". Aiding&amp; abetting this dictaor wannabe? Do you remember what happened 2 the original ones. Leader assasinated. The rest  were pilot pojects for the ovens.
@benwikler @ACLU That is a duty like voting &amp; serving my county. No thanks needed. Keep up expressing yourself. Encourage others to do the same. As 4 individual rights. I'm being a good capitalist. If everyone in a workforce has their rights and needs protected they can focus on task at hand. $$$
@karenamyatt @benwikler As this ex-Marine mentioned in my complaint to the US Park Service.
@benwikler @ACLU Mr. Wikler: I served in the Marine Corps to give everyone not just the trumps and Bloombergs of this world the right to exercise their rights as a citizen. I lodges a complaint w/ the national park service. I included Marine service and their pos viol of the Constitution. Forward
@politico Another narcissistic moron who doesn't know how things work beyond the reach of his fingers. Can we get them adjoining cells.
RT @benwikler: Remember this next time someone calls John Kasich a moderate. https://t.co/NiyVmsn9lh
@CheriJacobus @highbrow_nobrow Look familiar https://t.co/hXeqOsWZsk
@RawStory Bimbo
@RawStory possibly if her world does not extend beyond the white house fence. I think this bunch of loonies is just trying to give Lorne Michaels a bulletproof retirement and maybe the next 3 people who replace in in 30 years.
@voxdotcom Has this bozo read the Constitution. And guess what as soon as a Democrat is in the wh his tune will do a 180.Oh absolutely they should.
@CheriJacobus There was a tv show about them a few years ago: "The Stepford Wives"
@tribelaw Last night Lawrence has James Lee Witt on. And treated him like he was supposed to clued in to this FEMA according to trump. lawrence did you leave your brains in a jar. This bunch is not going to let him in on their plans.
@tribelaw And many of them probably live in the areas most vulnerable to the consequence of climate change and will of course continue to build there and expect the rest of us to bail them out each time. And then buy them out for many multiples of their original purchase price.
@tribelaw Maybe that explains Sean Hannity's side business?
@MalcolmNance @Olivianuzzi And I didn't realize you could use the F word on print or even understand why you would want to.
@MalcolmNance @Olivianuzzi I can't make up my mind whether it is bad gilbert &amp; Sullivan or just a bunch 7th grade guys who never grew up and learned how to act around girls.
@GranJanis @shareitarie10 I think it was slate magazine suggested the dems got control of both house of the congress they could ignore the court. That would be a Constitutional crisis. And of course it works better if they got the white one 2. Since the court has no enforcement powers of its own
@NPR You go guys
@shareitarie10 Of course they did. As long as they have senate this kind crooked operation will continue until all empty judicial vacancies are filled regardless of how crooked or inept the appointees as long as they promise to follow partisan agenda. Example kavenaugh.
@OMGno2trump @BeverlyJCampbe1 He does. Those 4 whom that comment was intended don't. They probably ate it up. Nor do they care. If things don't pan out like he promised not his faults.  There is a very large segment of the voting age people 4 whom he simply reinforcing their ignorance. Facts are irrelevant.
@tonyschwartz And like that frog in that pot of water with the rising temperature, they will stick with him and blame the democrats for the recession.
@Knowmium @joncoopertweets @TheDemCoalition don't know about traitor but he should be impeached but until dem have all the votes needed no way. Only way to get rid of kavenaugh bullet proof criminal complaint. The supremes toss that they will likely give the dems the votes in both houses impeach whoever they please.
@PattyOLimerick @joncoopertweets @TheDemCoalition Intentionally.
@joncoopertweets @TheDemCoalition And now given that kavenaugh is in the supreme court the appellate court will simply close them out.
I think we should make a remake of a Tom Hanks movie. Or if like a sequel. Donnie vs the Volcano.
@jimsciutto @RickPetree As usual It didn't kill one of his not worth. Besides, he wasn't white.
@chrislhayes Don't hold your breathe. What does master trump likes better than a cheering crowd. Ringing cash register. Even if the money in the drawer is soaked in blood. As long as it is not his. The blood I mean. He'll have somebody as the blood off. Out Damn Spot. Gender bender Macbeth?
Camille was small in area. 24ft storm surge. 2nd lowest barometric pressure ever recorded. Basically a large area cat 1 tornado.
In 1969 dad was on the National Cotton Council. After a meeting in Memphis on a plane to Atlanta w/ a friend who said he was going to a hurricane party in a hurricane proof house down near Gulfport, Mississippi. Camille rolled ashore. After the storm passed the house was gone.
@linksteroh where it will go to die.
@SWiMagine @CarolLeonnig @amarimow @thamburger Sounds to me like the only recourse we have against this cabal is a criminal complaint and we will need to have a lady with at least as much courage as Dr. Ford to move it forward. Would not hurt my feelings at all to see Kavenaugh wearing either orange better b&amp;w stripes.
@B52Malmet Can we please send kavenaugh to Juvie permanently. OR …. Strother Martin &amp; Paul Newman are both dead so we will need to find another southern work gang with a droll captain to teach him to communicate. https://t.co/PoSXosZ1wU
@RickPetree If Kushner tipped the Saudis off can he be tried as an accessory before the fact to a murder. Give him to Interpol NOW!
Not covered by any health insurance.
My father used 2 tie the dead chicken around the neck of the dog that killed it &amp; let it rot off. Is there some kind of really putrid smelling heavy trump look-alike doll we can tie around the neck of all trump supplicant republicans til it rots off. Nose plugs in lieu of health
@jennycohn1 @ProudResister @TeamPelosi Let's see if we can come up with an incurable but non fatal disease that makes living hell. And give it to him.
@Amy_Siskind That is an accessory before the fact expressing crocodile tears.
@tribelaw I guess the former great salt lake is just a puddle of trump kool-aid now huh?
@tribelaw Then who a candidate for office like you mr romney?
@StanleyHardy16 @guardian Listen.
&amp; everyone truly treats everyone else equally we each would have less to worry about&amp; could more effectively focus on our myriad function, duties, individual &amp; shared goals and responsibilities. We would have a happier society. Lower health care cost&amp; more profitable businesses.
Let me be as Vulcan and business-like as I can in analyzing why we need to eliminate prejudices and denial of right of all kinds. Prejudices are excuses for the shortcomings of those espousing them. They are not valid reasons. If we eliminate all prejudices/excuses and everyone
@StanleyHardy16 @guardian Someone asked me about the word of God. I had not heard that particular expression attributed to her so I would not presume. That's all.
@StanleyHardy16 @guardian That I don't know. Unlike many others I would not assume to put words in the mouths of others.
@guardian And what makes a n hurricane strong. Warm water. What makes hurricanes bigger and stronger -&gt; warmer water. What makes water warmer. Not your electric blanket. But a warmer climate. And still you say "No Global Warming" Hey wanna buy 11 bridges?
@JohnWDean Mr. Dean it is not meaningless to those who follow him like a lap dog and to those of us who have to live with him in the position of power. Dusty Rhodes or Andy Griffith in "A Face in the Crowd" . One real one made up both terrifying.
@fred_guttenberg @TheOnlyEdAsner senator paul you and your bother and sister republicans are accessories before the fact just like those to took bribes from Capone.
Children I know you've heard it before but vote$ matter. EVERY VOTE YOU DON'T CA$T CO$T$ U DUH? https://t.co/fTT2GD4m3C
republicans, w/ racism a the heart of your message, an accused sex offender in the white house, &amp; 2 in the supreme court, none of which have been properly adjudicated, I can honestly say this is not the country I signed up 2 defend as a Marine. Ladies I'd cut em off, indefinitely
I have worked with and for enough of you to know there are plenty of you who have, as they say in the Marines, all your "stuff" in one bag. One of you should be President. And one of you, surprise, should soon be Commandant of the Marine Corps. Now that would shake it up. Huh?
Ladies, I realize that not all of you think for yourself. But I do believe there are enough of you who do who constitute the mathematical fact that you can b your number take control. I also realize that like us guys there are worms in the barrel. I have faith in you though. I
@guardian Ladies: The kind of behavior Dr. Ford described has to stop. There clearly aren't enough of us guys who try. We need your help. It starts at the ballot box in Nov. But it only starts there. You need to take control of the narrative. Girls &amp; women need to feel secure everywhere.
@guardian I have not always lived up to my grandmother's expectations. But I keep trying. As 4 those who would make Dr. Ford's future uncertain they need to be taught how to be ladies and gentlemen. Ladies it is up to you. Dr. Ford did her part.
@guardian When I got commissioned in the Marine Corps the Gunnery Sergeant who pinned the bars on told me "Congress now makes you a officer. Your mother or grandmother made you a gentleman." The mothers and grandmothers of the people who will make Dr. Ford's future uncertain failed.
@guardian Ladies of America, she did her civic duty for the rest of us. Mostly for you. Your turn. You can by your sheer numbers take charge of the narrative and vote the haters, deniers, and boys will be boys crowd out. Take control both houses and white house. Your move.
@peterdaou senator, it's mostly your party's fault. And it is this mindless race in the direction its been on since newt declared war on everyone else that caused me and many others to change our registration years ago. your fault you fix it.
And I'm a 67 year old  white guy who only knows you by reputation. I understand your apparent belief that you should for the most part keep your political thoughts to yourself. Please whenever you feel you NEED to express yourself like this please do so. That's I was a Marine.
THANK YOU TAYLOR SWIFT!
@jaymichaelson @thedailybeast The republicans and their owners are all eating more than a bowl of stupid every morning. Tell me you 5 supposed wise men when there is no ice in Greenland are you gonna go there for your vacations. B sure to wear your shorts.
@democracynow I would like the global warming denier to explain why the southeaster US is having stronger hurricane like the one that is about to hit the Florida Panhandle? The tooth fairy right?
@JRubinBlogger Ms Rubin. I live in San Rafael California. We have 2 Safeway grocry stores. if you think those two stores stock the same items I have 11 bridges to seel you. They are about 5 miles apart. Safeway does that for their whole system. The same truck may deliver to both stores . . .
in my part of the Marines we would probably call that cranial rectal defilade. Having your head up your ass. No wonder the media doubts they can take back the senate. The house he republican are trying to give them on a platter. Feinstein and Harris were in doubt @ Kavenaugh. ???
I doubt repiblican labeled support groups market research is as sloppy as  democratic ones. I recently got a come on for money from one of them that said "You Senators are unsure about Kavenaugh". My 2 Senators are Kamala Harris and Diane Feinstein. Are they serious. In my part
@JRubinBlogger Who are those people (Registered voters? if so party affiliation? Geographic location? In what voting districts? What states?) We need more discreet market research? Do you think Proctor &amp; Gamble is tht sloppy with their research? I don't.
@JoeNBC @SCClemons Joe that little, probably American educated petty tyrant and weasel, would never have dared even try this under any other administration republican or Democrat. Trump is dangerous to people all over the world and he's putin's creation.
@MarshallCohen If kavenaugh sides with trump cronies too soon he may be signing his on incarceration ticket. Your republican senator elevated this biased opponent of the rule of law. Does your senator speak Russian. perhaps they should?
@MarshallCohen If kavenaugh oversteps this soon he may give the senate to the dems. Look how your republican senator elevated a person who will disregard the rule of law.
@renato_mariotti Mr. Mariotti don't you know the laws of thsi country don't apply ot anyone naed trump?
RT @BetoORourke: Today is the last chance to get registered so you can vote in this election. Help spread the word and make sure everyone k…
@McFaul Mr. Ambassador I can only think of one offspring of a President who distinguished himself in government service with which I doubt any family member had anything to do with,Theodore Roosevelt Jr.
@DiannaBurdick Early  80's way in back of HWBowl Andre Watt physics teacher. Hands on keys. +Hands up in air=hear notes.	BBKing Opening Act Ray Charles Featured	19,500 mostly white people trying to dance.
@joffiecakes @lirpalomina Yes, and Benedict Arnold was a colonist b4 si?
@mcnLA @katierogers @PhilipRucker To paraphrase Fancy Feast Commercial: "Bad taste is easy to recognize." Meow.
@DiannaBurdick In the Jimmy Vaughn, Bozz Skagg, Ritchie Havens venue Bill Clinton would not have had to inhale. What was really amazing. All those people. In some cases jammed in like Sardines (Bozz Skaggs etc) behaving. I don't think I saw badge all day I'm sure they were there.
@lrozen @morgfair If either one get the job watch those in attendance at meeting with them to be playing games on their smart phones instead. Gotta do something more intellectual.
@RickPetree Reading the details, and since there is no Gerry Ford among em, I am certain we need a healer like Joe Biden in the White House. With him it would deserve capital letters. Gerry is still my favorite. &amp; w/him &amp; Betty &amp; the kids . . . father really did know best.
I have always known women could be meaner to other women than us guys could ever dream of. But after what Megan Kelly said about Dr. Ford. That what happened to her was "so minimal" You can't print what I'm thinkin.
Some people are just too cheap for words. How soon can NBC can her. Is she trying to get her Fox job back.  Good Riddance!	NBC's Megyn Kelly claims Kavanaugh may not remember assaulting Ford because it was so 'minimal' he forgot about it https://t.co/gn9PWbrsSY
@mcnLA @katierogers @PhilipRucker I'll bet even some racist wish Michelle was still 1st lady instead. They may not like her skin color but they would have to admit she is so much classier and all that it ain't even worth really discussing.
@DiannaBurdick Used to like Hollywood Bowl. Picnic tables under trees. Jack in the box next to Jurgensen's &amp; Cristal bubbly. No more. Picnic tables last time was there, Natalie Cole,  over what I think is Highland Ave.. Boo Hiss
@DiannaBurdick Warren Hellman, recently died, liked to play the banjo started jamming w/ friends: Ricky Skaggs, Emmylou Harris.  etc. on 2 Golden Gate Park. Started inviting neighbors-free. A few years ago I went to one of these. 200,000 of us. 3day 4stages Hardly Strictly Bluegrass marches on.
@McFaul @POLITICOMag That would just show how little regard the trumps have for our friends and neighbors.  Not all dumbs are blonde however . . .
@lyman_brian All the more reason for a federal universal service program. Military, Civilian Conservation Corps, Peace Corp. No deferments. They get off their ass them. For sure. They'd be against it. Don't ask me for help fi you a haven't done your homework and voted.
@DiannaBurdick No longer have tickets. But given that SF is such an artsy town they even use AT&amp;T Ball Park for Opera. And from what I understand SF Opera also sends people to put on opera in Stern Grove for free. Bring aa picnic lunch and sit on the ground and dress for the changing weather.
NNNNNNNNoooooooooooooooooooooo https://t.co/fdd7h5dvux
RT @nowthisnews: This brilliant parody song proves why it's anything but a 'scary time' for men https://t.co/UrNHf3HAB6
@DiannaBurdick Sorry mis typed San Francisco after rebuild. Amazing what they can do set wize electnically.Probably need a lot fewer sets o hands to move things.
Other story same book. Earl of Foon owns haunted castle. 2 sister siprits. Spirits kill anyone who stays. Even so Earl moves in. Couple mornings later. Find Earl's body hanging above fireplace. Split down the middle. Moral; Ghouls just wanna half Foon.
Have book called "Bred Any Good Rooks Lately?" Story @ frontiersman Moe Noss. Captured by natives. Rescued by man riding red horse he took from owner. Moral: "Stolen roan gathers Moe Noss."
@DiannaBurdick MY 1st live opera minimalist setted Carmen. With Denise Graves @ ST Opera. Good thing no flammable liquids on stage. If Don, gay or straight, didn't fall for that Carmen check his pulse. He's gotta be dead. Domingo even when he isn't singing you gotta watch him.
@RickPetree David Cay Johnson-no statute of limitations on civil tax fraud &amp; the NY Times article is a road map NY State Atty Gen &amp; Manhattan DA to build case &amp; file then we may have a means to disassemble the trump optical illusion. &amp; recoup 55%. How enforce/collect?
@RickPetree I t was a matter of understanding the problem, All the customers needs and how to let some of them solve it.
I'm gonna have to read up on it.	But I'll bet that Madison and the boys got done with the original Constitution and realized it needed some after market stuff like you Z-28 Camaro. Why should they have all the fun?
What kind of country do we want? 	And how do we get there?	How to do we keep it?	At every step there will be compromises.
This is not a Marine Double Time Forced March. This is an ultramarathon. We need to rely on each other. Like my grand father teaching my brother and me to box. Focusing only Nov is punching at the opponents. We need to punch beyond them.
@RickPetree I have an award in my house. fm World Savings. I was 2 manage a warehouse computerization. I found what the guys in the WH wanted. What my boss &amp; their boss wanted. Found a software company that spoke warehouse &amp; got our of the way. Bingo I get an award for leadership
@JemRummy @adirado29 @RickPetree @GOP ABSOLUTELY!!!!!!!!!! This country is at its best when everyone is included and allowed to contribute what they are best at.
@RickPetree The republicans are banking on this anger "blowing over". mcconnell as much as said so. Let's blow them out to sea. Say the mid Atlantic ridge on one of the sec. devos's yacht. Let putin's navy rescue them. no Dramamine.
If they turn this into Les Miz they will get to see mob rule. Take them swimming in the Tidal Basin in December.
@adirado29 Next presser knock them out of as many of the small electoral states as we can. They wait until after the next presser to take away the affordable care act, social security, medicare expansion, the VA &amp; public schools. We may not have to initiate the impeachment  Le Miserable.
@RickPetree @adirado29 @GOP Thank. Goes double 4 you.  Om some ways melania reminds me of Ellie Mae.
@adirado29 @RickPetree @GOP Winning one or 2 election cycles wont get it they have been at this since Gingrich. We need to b @ it longer &amp; change the constitution. Let them have their majority  but limit their options.
@adirado29 @RickPetree @GOP I'm a former Republican frm when they've still knew&amp; cared about "with malice toward none with charity for all." To me this bunch is like calling North Korea the democratic people's republic. not democratic. no people involved. no republic. I've given 2x more than I made last yr
@fawfulfan You be a conservative as till have a conscience. So do you just have the 1st part maybe?
@JustMyOpinion2U @LuzLuzgromero @katierogers That's ok. And Redford still has better hair and his tan is real.
@MarshallCohen You &amp; Stephen Colbert &amp; Nicolle Wallace all alums.
@MarshallCohen @edokeefe The  democrats should do everything they can to serve the women who are against him. Soon others will join the caravan when he his men start taking others' rights &amp; programs. Those wont be so gender specific. FORWARD.
@JohnWDean I think it will but unless we keep at it until we've put some legal safeguards in place that current and future presidents, legislature, and court cannot change without the same long arduous slog it will take up 2 put them there we or future generations will be back here again.
Dinner @ 8 Marie Dressler &amp; Jean Harlow but Jean Harlow was being funny 	https://t.co/91nXcP9EEm
@JustMyOpinion2U @LuzLuzgromero @katierogers Melania is no Megan Markle. Melania like her husband is a wannabe. All the charm of block of concrete. Wanna talk innate polish and class -Michelle Obama. The lady could turn flour sack into a reason to walk the runway. When you got it you know it.
@JustMyOpinion2U @LuzLuzgromero @katierogers Thank you for the staple w/arrow suggestion.	The reference to Mia Farrow's Daisy comment 2 Robert Redford's Gatsby has to w/ people with no innate class who are trying to con their way up the social ladder. Gatsby was a fraud. More handsome and btr hair than trump. Both frauds.
@JRubinBlogger @morgfair In the mean time clean up the district maps. Take over more state legislatures. Clean up the census forms.1 person 1 vote 1. Regardless!
@JRubinBlogger @morgfair The Dems Need to really work on the elements of the population that they are very strong in that the repubs have tokens. Young, people of color, &amp; women. Be really neat to fill those seats with people from those groups.
@ProudResister @realDonaldTrump @taylorswift13 Richie (supposedly ) Rich Meets Biff from Back to the Future
@TheBaxterBean @morgfair Professor:	I only made it to 1st. Lt USMC on active duty. But I left in 2004. Or should I say realized the party I had joined in 1972 was gone.
@jimsciutto If any other republican was president they would not have dared.
@RogueFirstLady Sir: That makes 2 of us. So we gotta do what we can to fix it.
@latimes Maybe we should impeach trump 1sr. Just for practice?
@AsSeenOnTv55 @nytimes You are voting for a corrupted process. And damning a hero. What branch of the service did you serve in?
@JustMyOpinion2U @LuzLuzgromero @katierogers Did you come in after the middle or are you a bot?
@JustMyOpinion2U @LuzLuzgromero @katierogers I can't get to go back so what comment are you following?
@LuzLuzgromero @JustMyOpinion2U @katierogers Edgar Bergen wasn't rich so it wasn't Candice.
@LuzLuzgromero @JustMyOpinion2U @katierogers We will never know because she wouldn't marry him.
@chesscat48 @ColMorrisDavis @realDonaldTrump @GOP I don't think, even if the dems take both house, we have the votes. I am more focused on the state of New York doing to trump what Robert M. Morgenthau did to BCCI. The Bank of Credit and Commerce International, which was really a money laundering enterprise for drug money.
@LuzLuzgromero @JustMyOpinion2U @katierogers "Rich girl don't marry poor boys. Don't you know that Jay Gatsby?" 	Or as my grandfather used to say 	"You can't make a silk purse out a sow's ear."
I wish to make a distinction definitions from in Dave Barry's Complete Guide to Guys. Some of which may today be politically incorrect. I believe Bill Clinton, Barack Obama, Steve Kerr, &amp; Steph Curry are guys.chuck grassley, orin hatch, and what's left of lindsey graham are men.
Ladies = This is for you.	The Foresters Sisters - Men	https://t.co/gcyOBfgHhz
@JoyceWhiteVance I think they need to listen to more of it. Your intent comes across loud and clear to those of u who have been using it and hearing it since Ed Sullivan was the highest rated really big shew on tv.
@ThePlumLineGS @joncoopertweets @MichaelAvenatti I'm not eve sure she knows who he is? I think her mind was made up b4 she spoke to kavenaugh. I also don't think she believes she's about  as pro choice as Operation Rescue.
@ThePlumLineGS Listened to enough of it and am familiar enough with her duplicity to know she was long ago looking for an excuse to vote yes. I hear they have nice apartments in St. Petersburg. Not Florida. Of course when she's not a sen. putin will have amnesia @ her.
@peterdaou @Daniel_00000007 The right edge of the flat earth?
@peterdaou @Daniel_00000007 Define center?
@johniadarola @TheAuthorGuy I suspect that if any of it is still chargeable it will be.
@katierogers @PhilipRucker From what I heard Mom was on the board of the United Way with one of the big wigs from IBM. Thus the later connection. And the beat goes on. I'll bet Melinda doesn't have to tell him to take out the garbage.
@JoyceWhiteVance These big monied morons should ask the Montgomery, Alabama bus system if they ever heard of Rosa Parks.
@JoyceWhiteVance And big corporations depend more on the "little guy and girls" for their continued success. No matter how great these delusional egomaniacs are there will never be enough of them to make Nike a multibillion dollar multinational.
wish to own and control will cease to exist. It will simply degenerate into a truly corrupt oligarchy like Peron's Argentina. And the talent that built this most exceptional land will flee	https://t.co/3mo2EwlrjD
If kavenaugh is an example of what we can expect we have a more serious cancer in our midst than just him. He may simply be the lesion of a cancer that has metastasized. And if this is what is growing within our system. If left unchecked our society and the society their masters
results of CC. Turned one aspiring Biff from "Back to the Future" into one of the gentlemanly boys in the opening sequence of "Gone with the Wind". CC can probably correct any inattentive mother's oversight and turn almost any simian reprobate into a true lady or gentleman.
of Human Resources I encountered at UC Davis Graduate Management School. He used the "F" word  like many people use commas. "College Graduate" was in his use far worse. And with people like that in charge of their lives, who by the way he never, touched anyone, I have seen the
are unlikely to find classmates running the unit. More than likely Staff NCO's and Warrant Officers without the supposed "right" educational pedigree. My Gunnery Sergeant, (MOS 8511), Drill Instructor @ Quantico, was a far better student of human behavior than the Phd Professor
If kaveanugh is an example of what this country is becoming? Smug self righteous people who think they're "entitled" to abuse others, especially women with no consequence. We need to start rounding them up and send them to the Correctional Custody unit at MCB Quantico, VA. They
@Slate He unleashed the latest surge in it
@katierogers @PhilipRucker Usually the really rich people I have known who made their fortunes or were like children of small businesses given jobs or tasks at a very young age that hard wired humility into their DNA. Don't him but from know of Bill Gates his mom made him &amp; sis volunteer at a vey young age
I think anyone who voted for kavenaugh should have to listen to this song by the Kingston Trio and realize they are going to have to live with that decision the rest of their lives The Reverend Mr Black	https://t.co/S9p18sQsKX
https://t.co/nr8UOsjH9k
Not quite Chanel #5 or Old Spice eh Mr Spock https://t.co/87KlQ2o0EU
The beginning of a syllogism:	Reason is to republican porpaganda/bullshit as	Sunshine and Fresh Air are to Fresh Dung	No need for the 3rd Line		That's right republicans roll in it	On you it looks good.
Jut like a sweaty horse. Except they tend to find dry manure or dirt. Neither of which tend to smell or stick. Fresh stuff can only be put stunk by really stinky things . . .
@MotherJones IF THEIR SONS HAVE DONE NOTHING WRONG THEY HAVE NOTHONG TO FEAR!
@MalcolmNance Ms McGowan is a leader in ways that:	mitch mcconnell	lindsey graham	susan collins	chuck grassley	orin hatch	joe manchin	and most especially donnie trump	ARE NOT	For any of these people to call themselves leaders is LAUGHABLE
When things seem darkest I try to remember what Margaret Mead said about such things: https://t.co/egpioAX9vt
The beginning of a syllogism:	Reason is to the republican's lines of garbage	Like sunshine and fresh air is to fresh dung 	No need for the 3rd line of the syllogism	That's right poll in it 	Wear it on you its becoming	'
@CNN Tone Deaf
@Elise_Jordan And as long as trump is in the white house and cheering them pn they will continue. But he needs to remember what Tom T Hall said about "Hang 'em All" Remember when they hang em all they gonna hang you too. https://t.co/aw63UWotCC
@MSNBC @JoeNBC Ghostbuster Origial Themes Song	https://t.co/ni7tIDNqRb
@MSNBC @JoeNBC Slimer at your service https://t.co/S4PpyMSrz1
@TheBraunBetty @CheriJacobus @j_arthur_bloom Yes, Bill hd to testified in an impeachment trial. Was subjected to a vote of the people afterward. If polls are accurate &amp; kavenaugh had to go through those things w/ prosecutors from other party. He would not be on the court he would be out of a job.
@MalcolmNance Rose McGowan's Wikipedia page 	https://t.co/8l9SOeV1FO
@MalcolmNance Even I know that she was one of the inspirations for the Me Too Movement. And I believe, if I am not mistake one of the first public accusers of Harvey Weinstein.
@katierogers And there are scores of people here in the US who are monumentally richer than this bunch of clods. And these richer people are: smarter (not too difficult), more stylish without trying, more apparently empathetic, more civil, and any number of positive adjectives -take your pick
@katierogers The Soggy Bottom Boys - Tim Blake Nelson - In the Jailhouse Now https://t.co/QhaKLIfSAp
RT @MalcolmNance: I love it. Redefine #MAGA into something good not subtly evil. https://t.co/76fxNK4fYQ
Interesting how defensive mitch and his minions are getting. If they were even a bit honorable they wouldn't have to be.
@katierogers @PhilipRucker I don't think the trumps are clueless, I think they think they are so much better than the rest of they don't need to care. Shall, we see if we can change their fashion sense to orange across the board. Like the old SNL Pepsi- Pepsi  skit.
@EricBoehlert @MalcolmNance And there were good people on both sides right?
I think senator  collins and husband should probably buy their retirement home in st. Petersburg. And I'm not talking Florida.
Use their "WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REFUSE SERIVE TO ANYONE" mantra against them. Treat them like the shit holes they are. A taste of their own medicine.
I would extend the definition of "DC area" to include all 50 states, all territories, commonwealths, possessions, and any other property of the US including the District of Columbia. Send to soup kitchens and make them pay full price!
Since the republican president, legislature, and judiciary in dc are bent on denying the rest of us our rights I would encourage any establishment owner of any kind that deals with the public in the DC area who feels cheated  by them to make it Democratic only. I would extend the
Brewers win. Next team to beat - Dodgers
hey people you don't have to be a baseball fan to appreciate Johnny Carsons favorite guest. Bob Uecker. If you ever need cheering up.And a lot of us do.  Just pull up the web page devoted to his best quotes. Bob Uecker
@BobUeckerSays Mr. Uecker: If your Brewers keep this wonderful run going they may give my wish. No dodgers on the World Series. The best of Health Sir.
@ColMorrisDavis @GOP If Roberts has been sitting on judicial claims against kavenaugh the man who helped pick him is he vulnerable to impeachment or censure?
@HuffPost And take joe manchin with you.
senator. go crawl into a hole and pull it in after you.
Not on account of her that's 4 sure! He lying about a woman who clearly remembered who did it to her and what they did will only  piss more women who are not intimidated by their boyfriends, husband, or church to start organizations to get rid of deniers like her . Speak russian?
RT @CharlesPPierce: I am planning to host a weeklong telethon to beg you to please, for the love of god, shut the fck up. https://t.co/32Yh…
@JoyceWhiteVance In words James Baker, lifelong Republican, former Marine and former Secretary of State, has used to describe other ludicrous excuses "That dog don't hunt!"
@JoyceWhiteVance Going to wish them all lifelong nightmares w/ kavenaugh holding them down in a drunken attack, regardless of  gender, rape is not sex but violence &amp; power. kavenaugh on top laughing &amp; breathing rancid beer breath on them 4 eternity. Wake up in a cold sweat. In minds eye awake.
Don't expect Mueller report until after the midterms. 	Taking our country back will take until our like minded Gen X's &amp; Y's &amp; Millennials are as old as me. (67)	In this bind because we didn't stay at it long enough or hard enough last time. 	Amend Constitution. 	Fence them in.
@KarinCollison Michael Bloomberg wants to help. Help un-elect mitch Sir.
@KarinCollison Amend the Constitution in ways they can't play with. Fence kavenaugh &amp; co in. then let things blow over knitting needles.	https://t.co/6murexgy0G
@KarinCollison Trying 2 correct the overstepping of the courts legislatively wont work. roberts and company will only declare any legislation we pass that they don't like unconstitutional whether it is or not.
@KarinCollison Social media is a means of coalition the opposition didn't have last time. Especially if generation X, Y &amp; millennials keep registering and voting in record numbers.
@essenviews He didn't have t contend w/ social media last time. And unless he has some way of crippling it. It may cripple him. Especially if he keep boasting like that. We'll see mitch. you may even lose your majority seat this nov. Newton's 3rd law.
@essenviews What do the Russians have on him?
@joncoopertweets I think mcconnell been drinking jim jonses's koolaid. Blow over I don't think so. Mussolini tried this same stuff. Whne mcconnell &amp; his draconian friend try to take affordable healthcare away his voters. I don't think he will but it might do him good to flip burgers at Hardee's
@TeamPelosi We need to do more than that. With this new majority in the court they will just shoot down any rational legislation they don't like. We need to change the constitution to shrink their playing field and put all those things we value out of their reach.
@tcwittes As long as trump's in the white house they will be.
@JoyAnnReid @amjoyshow BTW there's another Donald out our way (not the cartoon)  who started out with a $10,000 loan. Who is actually America's largest and wealthiest land developer. By several multiples of trump. And only contacts media when he seriously needs them.
@JohnWDean I would love it if someone, like the police, caught him staggering drunk today. Photograph him through the bars of a drunk tank and publish his mug shot. Maybe then 2 thinks. We'd be shed of him and maybe he'd get the help he needs while doing 3-5 somewhere.
@JohnWDean And where else might he have done things that are still chargeable? And should we wait until all 3 houses are in dem hands?
@JohnWDean Also, what about the supposed misconduct claims Roberts alleged to be sitting on. Where did they come from? Who filed them? Can Adam Schiff as new Chairman of House Judiciary Committee subpoena them and hold public hearing and force roberts to testify.
@JohnWDean Criminal complaint if provable would be better&gt;No need for any republican votes in DC. If New Haven courts will do the same he might end up serving two consecutive 3-5's. Provided the definition of what he is alleged to have done rises to the level of a no statute crime.
@RepJuanVargas Representative: I grew up between Somerton, Gadsden, and San Luis. Nice to make your acquaintance.
Note community: This divisiveness began with Newt Gingrich. Not the democrats. He's probably the main reason the republican can no longer honestly call themselves "the party of Lincoln." He's definitely a major reason I realized that the party I had joined no longer existed.
@JoyPotrykus @funder @CheriJacobus @SenatorCollins I already the article. I think kavenaugh's face and rancid beer breathe from 'til hell freezes over would be a better burden. She needs a permanent reminder. That coupled with her husband abandoning her after she loses the next election since would no longer of use his russians.
@RealMuckmaker Time for this old codger to go back where he came from a retire. W can put a woman in his chairmanship, whos body is older but whose mind is much younger. Senility is not a factor of age.
@CapehartJ November 2018 should only be the beginning of the rising tide that drowns the republican party in its own trash just like global warming will do to coast dwelling denyers.
@funder @CheriJacobus @SenatorCollins I say these things so she should have the same future as Dr. Ford.
@JoeNBC People who live in debtor states who impose their will on the rest of us , in my case in a creditor state, who say they don't want to pay 4 someone else's abortion likely aren't. And by backing an extreme court like this will lose more than we in blue states will. Your thoughts?
@JoeNBC Begin with city councils, boards of supervisors, state legislatures, then us house and senate then pres then amend the constitution to shrink this bunch of draconians playing field.
@NatashaBertrand @Elise_Jordan @RepSwalwell I joined the Marines on Shaw in Fresno as a registered Republican. I can't imagine how, even with millions of outside money, w/the Fresno Bee against him. I'm a reg. Indep. and I'm supporting his opponent with money. The first time I've spent more than I make on dem. cnadidates.
@costareports @Elise_Jordan He's one of the one's pulling it down.
@alexanderbolton @Elise_Jordan Let's see if we can take the decision out of his hands.
@willrahn If true they are headed in the right direction we're seriously going in the wrong one.
The country these people want is not one I want to live  I agree w Rev. Sharpton. The campaign starts now? Where do you stand?
@Elise_Jordan Elise Jordan: R U on board w this court? I am a former Republican from when "with malice toward none with charity for all" was a founding principal of the party. I am also a former Marine Officer. The country these people want is not the one is signed up to defend &amp;
There's an old story that involved Winston Churchill &amp; a lady he was seated next to at a dinner. He asked if she would sleep with him4 $1M. She nodded &amp; smiled. Then he asked "Would you do so for $10. What do you take me 4? she asked. We've established that now what's the price?"
In the past some of my dealings with women have been less than stellar. Since then I have tried 2 be a better person. Giving all girls &amp; women the benefit of the doubt, treating them like Ladies. That is until they prove otherwise susan collins has proven herself otherwise. cheap
@funder @CheriJacobus @SenatorCollins I hope in her case the face she sees is kavenaugh &amp; when she's awake she can;t get it out of her mind. Remember people rape is not about sex. its about power, violence, &amp; control. The words she hears are him laughing at her and saying "you total sucker i did it and you helped."
@funder @CheriJacobus @SenatorCollins she &amp; Grassley &amp; hatch &amp; graham &amp; trump&amp; kavenaugh &amp; roberts should all be on the poster we use to motivate our never ending campaign to derail their hopes permanently. Making the courts march to our drum not prison 4 them should be our goal. Make them the leaders of our march.
@MSNBC There are at least 2 crooks in that room.
@funder @CheriJacobus @SenatorCollins She was looking 4 EXCUSE 2 let her vote yes. She is no more credible than kavenaugh. I hope she starts having nightmare tonight they never stop as long as she lives. Someone is holding her down. She feels like they will kill her.  It happens whenever she closes her eyes. No end.
@HuffPost When I took the same oath to join the US Marine I was told that if I was successful later became officer that congress would make me an officer my mother or in my case my grand mother would make me a gentleman. There is a large collection of men in Dc who's mothers failed.
@HuffPost Absolutely!
@SteveSchmidtSES @jheil I will remind people what my grandfather said about how to throw a punch on boxing. You do not aim at your opponent. You aim somewhere behind him. November whatever happens is only the starting line for our campaign.
@SteveSchmidtSES @jheil CAN WE GET RID OF BOTH roberts &amp; kavenaugh?
@SteveSchmidtSES @jheil HOW DOWE GET RID OF KAVENAUGH? &amp; if roberts has been sitting on misconduct complaints aimed at man who picked him doesn't that create a misconduct complaint against the less than chief justice?
@SteveSchmidtSES @jheil From what I understand master Roberts, another small person, has been sitting on dozens of misconduct complaint aimed at then judge kavenaugh. QuestionL how do w get rid of him? Wait until all 3 houses in dems hand and seek criminal complaint?
therefore it is our duty as stockholder to star hiring new employees and firing as many of the clearly corrupt ones as possible. FORWARD.
Stockholders of this enterprise now corrupt at the highest level in all three branches. kavenaugh's actual guilt has yet to be proven. Roberts has apparently been sitting on dozens of misconduct complaints aimed at then judge kavenaugh who helped pick him 4 his job. Therefore it
Reminder to those thoughtful people out there who consider yourselves members of the Resistance. Individuals who work in  legislative, executive and judicial branches of all of our governments serve at the consent of the governed. That being said that makes us the  stockholders.
@ChuckGrassley since process was corrupt I, a former Republican when the party cared about the average joe and a former Marine, no longer reconize you right the courts right to govern. Go sit on it old man.
Take the house 	finish the investigation properly. No restrictions.
We have 3 dc houses to take folks.  2 in November  1 in 2020	Begin today taking school boards, boards of supervisors, and state legisatures. We will need to enscone the rights we have fought so hard to earn over the last 70 yesrs in the Constitution. Shrink courts playing field
How many people I the republican party in the senate knew roberts was sitting on misconduct complaint against the man who picked hi for his job.
@B52Malmet he's just doing his job the right way. Something I'm sure wannabe kavenaugh will be sure to ignore.
It is clear the republican party has lost its soul. And forgotten who it is working for. You seem to wish to go back to a time that only actually happened on tv and in your dreams.
The era of old white guys running things has to end. SOON
Seems like corruption. collusion, and conspiracy are simply a par of the republican DNA. No wonder mcconnel etal didn't want to release all of kavenaugh's records from his time in the not so white house. Maybe we should simply put the right kind of bars on the windows there? The
Now we hear that not so chief justice roberts has been sitting on dozens of misconduct complaints aimed at judge kavenaugh &amp; kavenaugh was one of the people who helped george w bush pick roberts as the chief justice. Sounds like collusion and conspiracy are part of republican
What kind of nightmares? Someone is forcimg their genitals in your face. Doesn't matter if you are male or female the fact that they can't be moved means if you're lucky you will wake up . . . . in the midst of a panic attack with the cold sweats unable to sleep sleep.
@tribelaw I think we take the house and maybe the senate. The we finish the investigation. Then I think criminal complaint might be an easier hurdle if the evidence is there. No matter what the Constitution eventually has to be changes to guarantee certain right these 5 will likely take.
This will be sent around the world. The crucifiers didn't have to deal with social media when they went after Professor Hill. They do now.  I hope every person who voted for kavenaugh has night mare for the rest of their lives. https://t.co/lOQQ4thky4
@Allison_Burnett @MichaelAvenatti And it should be videoed and each senator who voted for this scum bag should be forced to watch it numerous times. Say 30.
@Elise_Jordan @SykesCharlie And I expect history to judge her harshly as someone who knowingly sold her constituents for her version of 30 pieces of silver.
@Elise_Jordan @SykesCharlie Extreme tactic seldom work. But slowly gentle nudges out the senate door will probably make the point more clearly. I expect this new court to kill Roe one paper cut at time. If we want to keep the right it has to b in clear &amp; unambiguous unmodifiable English in the Constitution
@TheOnlyEdAsner @harrygod Mr. Asner I couldn't agree more. I'm just pissed. And like the advice Burt Reynolds supposedly got from Mr. Tracy to not let 'em catch you at it I plan to conduct my campaign like that. The most deadly people I have ever known were the calmest. Thanl you SIR. We got spunk!
@RawStory which he will lose	https://t.co/epeBkknp8U
@HuffPost As a former Republican and a former Marine I do not consider myself very left leaning. To me, despite whatever self serving nonsense she said in her speech, she put her own ego and love of the trappings of being the center of attention b4 her constituents she needs 2 go.
The pertinent details of each event of what brought on the trauma I can remember like it happened Saturday.
the event Dr. Ford describes happened a mere 36 years ago. My mother beating me happened @ 62 years ago; Trapped under that tractor happened @ 55 years ago; having a near fatal piece of metal removed from my neck @ 53 years ago. The pertinent details of what brought on the trauma
Ask any psychologist, any person experiencing what happened to Dr. Ford or the things I detailed was probably suffering from shock and even someone like me who has had am almost photographic memory 4 many things will only remember the most central survival related things. The
In each case the passage of time leading up to those events were pretty mundane. No reason to remember much. After the event, as any psychologist any one who has suffered a traumatic event like being the target of a attempted rape or any of the things I detailed the person is
the beatings stopped when her rage subsided. 2. Being trapped under a lawn mower tractor in an earthen canal with the water less than an inch below my lower lip;	3. Having a razor sharp piece of cast iron come to rest between  carotid artery, esophagus, and spinal column. In each
as a person who has at least 3 traumatic events in my life and who is well known for my incredible memory. I believe Dr. Ford. 1. My enraged mother beating the back of my  are legs with a stick when I was about 5 because I hit my brother. the beatings stopped when her rage
Attention to those living either in denial or a bubble or those who lie so regularly they don't know what the truth is: If you don't believe Dr. Ford because she can't remember every detail b4, during and after. Go jump off a very high cliff. As a person who has had at least
To Chief Justice John Roberts: My father's cure for dogs who chased chickens was to tie the dead chicken around the dogs neck In this case you're about to be collared with a burlap sack full of fresh cow manure. Enjoy
@Acosta @Limbaugh2016 Mozart's Funeral March	://video.search.yahoo.com/yhs/search?fr=yhs-gemni-hp&amp;hsimp=yhs-hp&amp;hspart=gemni&amp;p=mozAart%27s+funeral+march#id=3&amp;vid=7664c81ee67cf5ba924d9038fef1935b&amp;action=view
@JillWineBanks @B52Malmet @frontera_julie @1Jedi_Rey @MatthewWolfff @Rey_Sistance @JadedCreative @TrisResists @exoticgamora @kim @TopRopeTravis @MattAsherS @wesley_jordan Fugue for a tinhorn from the 1992 Broadway revival of Guys and Dolls 	As far as I know the only Tony Award in the entire cast including future Oscar winner JK Simmons was Faith Prince for her performance as Miss Adelaide	https://t.co/Kx93WcV4e9
@JillWineBanks @B52Malmet @frontera_julie @1Jedi_Rey @MatthewWolfff @Rey_Sistance @JadedCreative @TrisResists @exoticgamora @kim @TopRopeTravis @MattAsherS @wesley_jordan Ma'am November is just the beginning. W need to put certain rights in the Constitution so that it will as difficult for the forces of darkness to remove them long term as will be for us to put them there. But it is the only rational way to keep this from happening again.
For those of you who are a bit fatigued and depressed from the battle the wars not over but maybe you can use a little cheering up "Fugue for a Tinhorn" from the 1992 revival of Guys &amp; Dolls	https://t.co/Kx93WcV4e9
RT @EdKrassen: Don't attack the FBI for this GOP cover-up. That's exactly what Trump and the GOP want you to do.  It only helps Trump discr…
Remember folks, we have still not reunited all the families this evil empire administration tore apart in their war on people unlike them.
To those of you who use your government position to implement you belief that this should be a lily white country, just remember we are still sending prison guards from the German Death Camps in WWII back to the Hague to stand trial.
Those so called religious leaders who now have their Roe killing judges on the court and now that he has done their bidding  want no part of trump may soon in the words from their book of fiction and poetry, called the bible, "inherit the wind".
What will the trump family look like in mug shots &amp;stripes? Then the real work begins. I expect that the folks of both genders who are on our side will create such a force those who wish to turn the clock back will feel like they are in the midst of a 12 Richter quake.
I believe that, despite there soon being a Draconian majority on the formerly supreme court, we who believe in the rights of all humans will prevail. We may not be able to remove this cancer called kavenaugh but we have other means beyond their reach to effect our agenda.
I believe that the image of that lying sack of shit kavenaugh sneering during the recent senate judiciary hearing will be the image of his backers' pyrrhic victory.
As to the religious leaders out there who will be outed as wanting to be able to help donald trump get in the white house so they could get the Roe killing judges on the court and now want no part of him. Sorry folks. And if any of you are practicing on sheep well..
To guys who wear the bottoms of their jeans inside the tops of their fancy "never any shit on them" boots we used to call that style "Sheepherder" style. With all due respect to all the sheep herders out there. Because the back legs of sheep....
To those so-called religious leaders who now say they want nothing to do with "toxic" donald trump. To those of you in that group who put him the white house you can't have it both ways. The media will find out which ones of you helped &amp; supported&amp; now want out. No soap folks.
@joncoopertweets @SenatorCollins @AOL But being a survivor of physical violence at the hands of my raging mother and living most of my life wanting to but not being able to, commit suicide, than my aunts. I know of what I speak about young people likely dying as a result of Collins's &amp; others actions.
@joncoopertweets @SenatorCollins @AOL from now on she's patsy Collins to me. or fool Collins if you like. all lower cast. Her reputation if she had one in most circles is slightly less dark than vidkun quisling. We probably wont be able to tie the deaths of young people (suicides) especially girls to her decision.
@joncoopertweets As far as I am concerned if we need an image to motivate our campaign kavenaugh sneering, mcconnell smugness, and the side of the motor home when trump was being recorded boasting about being able to molest women &amp; that should be the sound track. Our dog whistle if you please.
@joncoopertweets Hopefully those of us who believe we should keep the rights we collectively have earned over the last 60+ years and guarantee others that we feel necessary will be able to make the Constitution reflect those beliefs so they cannot be taken away again by anyone. TIE THEIR HANDS
@joncoopertweets I don't; care about the republican congress blaming, trump &amp; vice versa. Or the wh counsel taking the blame. It happened on his watch trump is primarily responsible &amp; rest conspirators &amp; are accessories before &amp; after the fact &amp; whatever bad happens to us will their fault.
@MalcolmNance As to giving up. My former merchant seaman (during WWI) and former cowboy (seriously) grandfather had a very colorful way of putting it: " A cow can piss a hole in a flat rock if it is persistent enough." They all look like flat rocks to me. We just need to stay hydrated.
@MalcolmNance Mr. Nance. I can't get anyone to answer this question. Can this scumbag, once on the court be removed?
@JSavoly @bluegigi @SenatorCollins She's overstay the welcome she set for herself. I think she's become addicted to the trapping and long ago took her eyes off her job. Maybe mcconnell threatened lower prestige. Well if the dems take the senate the result will b the same.
@maziehirono @ProudResister Senator:	 I am old enough to remember Justice Gorsuch's mother. I agree w/ your assessment of him. To quote Margaret Thatcher's assessment of Gorbachov: "He is a man with which we can do business."  I disagree with him on lots to things but we can agree to disagree. kavanaugh- no
until the elected office holders and their appointees are an accurate reflection of the actual, not reality tv, complexity of the makeup of the this country. Until all voter suppression tactics are in the same room in the museum as a buckboard wagon.
we are in this mess at least in part because we took our eyes off the prize. W need to stay at this process until all elected officials and the people they appoint understand who their real bosses are. Until the office holders and their appointees are an accurate reflection of
are going to suffer greatly. The elected officials of our government and the people they appoint serve at the pleasure of the governed. They have forgotten that ,We need to begin reminding them in  November continue on in 2020 and for decades to come. We are in this mess at least
is moving in the direction it is moving we need to restrict how far they can move. We have our work cut out for ourselves. I think if we are united enough we can use the kavenaugh miscarriage of justice as a motivator. The image and credibility of the federal courts in general
most of my comments directed to the ladies who vote their interests. And I will use the word we whenever I feel my interests are close enough to yours to be somewhat shared. We are I this unfortunate situation because we took our eyes off the prize. Given that the supreme court
Ladies: I realize that those of you who are voting age are not a monolithic block. Some of you don't vote. Some of you vote your interests. Some you vote the way you think the man in your life wants to or the way you were taught a lady should vote. Most of my comments from now on
@mrbromwich @Delavegalaw Is there some other way by which we can continue the investigation by other legal means to be more thorough and if find enough evidence for conviction - remove cancer?
@susanengel14 No start by putting all dems in all congressional and senatorial seats. Then stay the running of the satute of limitation on the Equal Rights Amendment and getting one more state to ratify it. Then move to the 1st of several other amendments we need. Shrink court playing field.
@susanengel14 I https://t.co/JJl58VCaXC a better idea follow the lead of the ladies of Liberia:
@susanengel14 Just don't include her in it.
@joncoopertweets At this point even if she votes yes we fund her future opponent. Disingenouousness not welcome. It was clear from the beginning that she was looking for an excuse to vote yes.
To the Fox new moron who told women to be quiet. I would suggest you go find yourself a cave someplace off the grid and spend the rest of yoru days it. Attitudes like yours belong in caves. Not in polite socitety in the US. I would suggest to the women if any tell you to get lost
@SenWarren @RBReich Senator: Since you're from Oklahoma I hope you will understand when I quote my former merchant seaman/cowboy grandfather. "A cow can piss a hole in a flat rock if it is persistent enough." They all look like flat rocks to me.
@RBReich Professor: I'm a former Marine. During sorta recent performance review with my then boss, what is best trait? "I Show up!" I said. Merchant seaman grand father would say: "A cow can piss a hole in a flat rock if its persistent enough." They all look like flat rocks 2 me professor
@JoyceWhiteVance I had a friend down in the central valley of CA. He lived be nearly 100. Got valley fever @ 97. Until then he would have tied Grassley in knots. Unrepentant FDR Democrat thought I was too conservative. So Grassley's problem isn't age or is it in his case? Needs 2 go!
@JoyceWhiteVance Professor:	We need to take the decision out of his clearly clueless hands. I think Senator Feinstein would make a fine chairperson. Of course since she live right across the golden gate from me I'm prejudiced. But despite being older she seems young than him. Must be the salt air
Email sent to senator manchin via his web page (cont'd)	I would like to see a Democratic Majority in both houses to the poimt where you are not given a committee chairmanship.	Worst of luck.
Email sent to senator manchin via his web page (cont'd)	If you win re-election in 6 years, if you run, I hope to be around to financially supprt whoever rusn against you. regsardless of party.
Email sent to senator manchin via his web page (cont'd)	I am reasonably certain that when the Democrats take back the house that will be remedied.
Email sent to senator manchin via his web page (cont'd)	You are basing your exxcuses on a ridiculously curtailed "expanded" background investigation that was not allowed to tlak to all witnesses.
Email sent to senator manchin via his web page (cont'd)	I do not use capial letters when I mention small people.Try as you might senator (small senator) you are taking the word of someone who should be investigated for perjury over someone who has no history of lying.
Email sent to senator manchin via his web page	senator:	I am a registered Independent.	I am a former Marine.	I am a former Republican from when the words "with malice toward none with charity for all " meant somethimg to them.	I am not part of any kind of consiracy.
@SethAbramson Either Impeach or criminal complaints will require many more Democratic congressperson and more senators.
@SethAbramson I think if we can set up an army of volunteers, including former FBI &amp; Justice &amp; State Investigators like the opposition research group working w/dems if the information is out there we could more likely get state criminal conviction(s). Impeach may be too high a bar.
BAD TASTE IS EASY TO RECOGNIZE	Apparently melania is once again showing what bunch of provincial clods this bunch is. The Beverly Hillbillies would be a step or two up.https://t.co/bg0YBPHnQC
If kavdnaugh were a subordinate of mine in the Marines I would give him an unsatisfactory fitness report.  It would be the end of his career at any level in the Marines.
kavenaugh. Starting now, since it seems he is headed the supreme court building with a load of shit. Continue the investigation by any and all legal means necessary. He is a cancer "Never give uo. Don't ever give up." UNFIT. If he were a a subordinate Marine I would give him an
How do we make kavenaugh to expensive for his supporters. There's an opposition research org made up mostly volunteers run by a professional working with the Democratic Party getting digging up publicly available dirt on repub candidates ready 4 data dump. Can we do the same v
@chairwomansusan https://t.co/hsHECaQ3G7
@politico All the more reason to change the constitution. And continue the investigation nby any legal means necessary and if found ruin truly ruin kavenaugh's rep and life like he likely ruined all those others already. Send him to the dust bin with crater and bean. BOHICA!
@kylegriffin1 So what is she going to do when he kills all those things he may have promised her wouldn't. Very strong evidence he lied to get the job he has. If you lie to the entire Judiciary Committee what's 1 gullible woman. Chump change. I am setting aside money for her campaign opponents
@Sen_JoeManchin Senator: A 67 year old former Republican when "with malice toward none with charity for all" meant something. I am a registered Independent. I am also a former Marine Artillery Officer. If you vote 4 Kavanaugh to me you are no better than trump. 6yrs hence $ vs U
@jbouie Wpouldn't you like to see a 60 year old Gregory Peck, the man so liberal that he was on Nixon's Enemiss List, square off against John Cornyn on the senate floor. Peck = Kodiak Bear Cornyn = coyote. Bear faster meaner bigger more knowledgeable. Cornyn sobbing.
@Slate Imagine if Gregory Peck who was Atticus Finch in the movie and who in real life was so forward thinking that he was on Nixon's Enemies List went on Rachael's show and in very soft tones conducted an autopsy of those people while they were still alive.
@lauferlaw @ericgarland For an American citizen TREASON
There's an old expression attributed to many sources: Russian, Chinese, some western philosophers, and etc. "He forget the mistakes of the past is doomed to repeat them" I sure hope for mr trumps sake his is a prison cell and not the rope used on Mussolini by former followers. https://t.co/HfxpweEWZt
@Sarah_SKG_1983 Let's hear from Forrest on this	https://t.co/Wa5EDP4xl7
@fordrs58 @DanielBShapiro Unlike saudi arabia not daggers we use the ballot box. Expect trump gone soon unelected more likely than imepach. Especially if kavenaugh wins. It wont be a blue wave, unlness estrogen is blue, There are still some repub stepford wives. But thinking women on that side leaving.
@JRubinBlogger @lisamurkowski @maziehirono I am a life long skeptic. When the senator votes no on the final floor vote, no matter how her three potential coward senators vote, I will believe it.
I'm wondering it this should be bret kavenaugh's themes song. I hope. Bobby Fuller 4 : "I fought the Law"	https://t.co/ae1US7Wgnw
Room is on the cool side but kavenaugh is sweating. kavenaugh has keys to Ft Knox. 12 hrs later Gorsuch has keys to Ft. Knox &amp; kavenaugh's clothes. Could happen
Imagine a dark room with one round poker table with an intense light directly over head. Two men seat across from each other. Neal Gorsuch wearing an open collared chambray shirt. bret kavenaugh preppie buttondown shirt top button buttoned. Room is on the cool side but kavenaugh
Mr. Reynolds who was a far better actor than he was given credit for never did. The motiion picture academy never gave Peter OToole an acting oscar either.	mr. kavenaugh so desperately wants to be on the supreme court we are seeing his true self. UNFIT
Years ago Burt Reynolds, who we just lost, told a story @ meeting Spencer Tracy when he 1st got to Hollywood. Mr. Tracy asked him if he wanted to be an actor.  To which Burt relied: "Yes Sir, I sure do." To which Tracy replied: "Well Kid, don't let 'em catch you at it." He was a
Comcast may b the biggest communications co in US owns my homepage provider Xfinity. &amp; the image of kavenaugh they put on that homepage looks like one of Judge Doom's sneering weasel henchmen from "Who Framed Roger Rabbit" Might this indicate their opinion?
@joncoopertweets Not nearly as classy as these folks. Arnold and Emma dancing in the movei "Junior"	https://t.co/YQLvFF1FDN
@tribelaw And if it wasn't his idea and he can't be trusted to have his own ideas, explain them in simple English, and deliver them in conversation tones with no hint of partisanship. Wants to b one of 9 modern SOLOMONS, 		                                                  NOT A CHANCE!
@tribelaw Add to the fact that he spent all those house at the white house being schooled on how to act &amp; what to say then he came up w that opening prepared statement. It was a really bad idea but it was his idea. He's over 21 &amp; wants to b part of the ulimate decision making group. UNFIT!
@tribelaw Yeah and it should have been on the bulletin board of the local laundromat not the Wall Street Journal. I am a firm believer that a persons 1st unpondered responses to questions are their true feelings
@BCAppelbaum @maggieNYT Dream On. Our country is in the hands of decendants of Jacob Marely &amp; Mr Potter from Its a Wonderful Life. And don't bother with the 3 ghosts. These people have seen all the movies.
Not to be confused with Cher who is simply eccentric all the way to the bank. Go Lady!
A new nickname: lunatic lindsey	Lunatic is an antiquated term referring to a person who is considered as mentally ill, dangerous, foolish, unpredictable, or crazy--conditions once attributed to lunacy. The word derives from lunaticus meaning "of the moon" or "moonstruck".
2 senators who claim to be "undecided" you can follow Senator Heitkamp &amp; do right force trump &amp; mcconnell to pick someone else or you spend the rest of your lives wishing had done the right thing instead of the politically expedient thing. Vote 4 kavenaugh = unelected next time.
RT @MalcolmNance: Take this warning. seriously. Retweet it or lose. #NotJoking https://t.co/XyW6CllZyY
@rollcall @morgfair I'm a citizen of this country and a taxpayer and I object to giving him a hand out when he could have help keep the tariffs out of the picture. Hos buddy trump is so rich tell him to get the money from trump personally.
@TheGoodGodAbove @CheriJacobus He must have been wathing Emma Thompson in "Junior". Of course when you're as inntely elegant as Ms. Thompson suvh an iten stuck to your shoe is a fashion statement. When you're donnie trump, well you know . ..
They took the same oath to protect and defend the Constitution of the United States that I did back in the '70's when I was sworn into the Marines.  None of us took an oath to protect and defend any political party or a particular president.
If it turns out that this last rumor is true, when the dems get control of both houses of congress &amp; the white house when mr mueller finsihes his investigation the dems should ask for both director ray and deputy attorney general rosenstein's resigations. They took the same
both the republican senators on the judiciary &amp; the white house are claiming they didn't make this riducuously restrictive list of who the FBI could talk to. And I am hearing rumblings that both fbi director ray &amp; deputy attorney general rosenstein may have had a hand in it. If
Under normal circumstances the idea that this so-called "expanded" FBI background check of the allegations against judge kavenaugh was full thottle standard FBI background investigation is laughable. And both the republican senators on the judicary committee aand the white house
@matthewamiller Mr. Miller: Went thru Marine OCS twice, Not assertive enough. Not want this wannabe in my unit. He'd get someone killed. Unfortunately it wouldn't be him. Tomorrow 3AM hand him to Quantico Correctional Custody Unit. 2 weeks. Ask Is he PFC material? Not officer PFC! MY guess NO!
@matthewamiller Mr. Miller: I have long heard that a person's initial response to a question is their real feeling about that subject. How many hours did the White House prep the "wannabe" and he still acted like a smart assed kid sent to the principal office. Biff from back to the future.
@RonWyden People who want to be convinced will be, But when it comes to subject matters like this I try to be as Vulcan as possible and to quote Leonard Nimoy;s Mr. Spock: "Captain this does not compute."
@RonWyden Senator: I have long heard that a  person's initial response to a question is the true way they feel about the subject. So given that as a basis I would say that mr kavenaugh's Wall Street Journal op ed an example of closing the barn door after the cows are out. Fit to be a JP?
@ColMorrisDavis That would be a human mobius strip, huh The Mobius Strip: A Gateway to Higher Dimensions. The Mobius strip--the common sense-defying continuous loop w/ only one side and one edge, made famous by the illustrations of M. C. Escher-leads us to some of the strangest spots imaginable.
@joncoopertweets @JeffFlake @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins I can't imagine young suburban republican women voting for him after this. He might do worse than Goldwater.
@joncoopertweets @JeffFlake @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins In this situation I would much rather be Senator Heitkamp. If she loses she will have done for a moral cause. I do hope she wins. As for senator flake. I understand he wants to run 4 pres as 3rd party candidate. Arizonna is even less rural than I was when I was growing up.
@JoyceWhiteVance @joncoopertweets Are you familiar with the SAusrin Lounge Lizards 	1984 Blues	https://t.co/ACv2QnQt8P
get these thinga dn others done. I think we need to follwo Chief Dan George;s lkead in this subject.https://t.co/GnJ41ssAoX
I think those of us who want: 1. a proper investigation into all thin kavenaugh; &amp; 2 any evidence of wrong doing by this miscreant be given to the appropriate state and federal prosecutorial angencies. The republicans have made a bet that we don't have the staying power to
@joncoopertweets @SenatorCollins @AOL I think those of us who want: 1. a proper investigation into all things kavenaugh; &amp; 2 any evidence of wrong doing by this miscreant be given to the appropriate state and federal prosecutorial angencies. And all of that be prosecuted to the nt degree. I am an Indpendent.
@tribelaw Well, the dems and like minded Independents like me have our work cut out for us. Both cong houses in Nov &amp; 1600 Pennsylvania in 2020. Then conduct a real investigation. The 2020 presidential ticket Amy Klobuchar- Pres- Beto O'Rourke (whether he wins or loses in Nov.
THANS FOR PROVING MY POINT trump family.
I grew up 5 miles from the nearest town of @2,500 people. And I have long thought that, despite the efforts to make fun of us country people, (Ma &amp; Pa Kettle, The Beverly Hilbillies), city people who seldom get out of their neighborhood are often far more provincial than we are.
if he runs as a 3rd party candidate I would not vote for him. If he sucks up to mcconnell like this his claim to be a 3rd party candidate would be a bigger joke than this sham investigatiomn. and I used to be a Real Republican.
senator flake said we can't have that on the court" about kavenaughs rudeness toward senators on the judiciary committee especially women senators. But senator flake is clearly going to vote 4 what he said we can't have on the court. If he runs for pres as a 3rd party candidate
Note on senator flake's veracity (ability to tell the truth). After kavenaugh displayed the kind of behavior that might be acceptable in junior high during his recent session b4 the senate judiciary committee senator flake said "we can't have that on the court." But he is
@danielsgoldman @JeffFlake @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins I hold nothing against the FBI who was clearly set out with their wrist handcuffed behind their backs. But I think that anyone who votes for kavanaugh after this joke of an investigation should be paid in $3 bills cash only.
@danielsgoldman @JeffFlake @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins Due diligence? Senator Flake this mess smacks of Stalinist show trials. Just like those this verdict wasa  foregone conclusion. Hopefully, the dems will take back the whole congress (Nov 18) and the white house on 2020 and do a real FBI investigation. The media will keep at it.
@RonWyden @realDonaldTrump They will and it wont matter if you dems take control of both houses congress. w turd kavenaugh on what used to be the supreme court they can simply shoot it down until you take control of all 3 houses including the white one and send him to jail.
@lauferlaw @SenateDems I think the only things standing btwn him &amp; unemployment(&amp; possibly jail) r democratic fortitude in taking back both cong houses &amp; the white house. In the mean time lets watch him take common folks who supported him's cherished health care &amp; SSN. He seems 2b from Crater &amp; Bean
As I've said b4 I'm a firm believer in Newton's 3rd Law of Motion. "For every action there is an equal and opposite reaction." The republicans who backed this dog and pony show may find themselves like the people who stayed on the beach w/  a tsunami coming.
@tribelaw He's clearly unfit for even the job he has. We will eventually have to investigate thoroughly. Is the exposer considered sexual assault? Can he be convicted in both jurisdictions, Maryland and Connecticut?
The fbi was probably told not to look anywhere they hadn;t already looked. S not likely to find anythign they hadnt found b4. We HAVE TO WIN BACK BOTH HOUSES IN NOV &amp; THE WH IN 2020.
@ColMorrisDavis @realDonaldTrump @Morning_Joe Adjust the tax cut for the top 5% back to what it was. Raise the corporate tax rate back to halfway between now and what it was. The have done none of the things trumps lying cabinte officers promised. These 2 ajustments should go a long way to redcing the growth in the debt.
undecided my ass. they have made up their minds to vote 4him. To bad trump restricted this last fbi investigation to a sham. so much for your fig leaf. 2you in what is supposed to be the news media quit enabling these charlatans. go home u ar wasting our time
As senator ben sasse said trump's shitty comments about Dr. Ford are just trump being trump. And for those of you who voted for him and consider such behavior acceptable. I hope he cost you your business &amp; don't expect any hel or  sympathy from me. As 4 those so-called undecided
@jimsciutto @VP If China wants adifferent president, perhap they and I can agree on something.
@JeffFlake ou have alreafy made up your mind to vote for this turd. The impact on the court's image will akin 2 a steer w the scours taking a sit in your living room. Wonderful last major act for senatorial career. collins, murkowski, manchin heitkamp will follow you. cut the bs.
@soledadobrien I agree.
@Bornabrit1 https://t.co/xmxuT4x4bS
@Bornabrit1 Make him watch "Pricilla Queen of the Desert" for 24 hrs straight. For relief tell him to check with the producers of the movie "Semi-Tough" &amp; ask them where they got that "Motorman's friend" Burt Reynolds used to endure the Bert Convy's take on Werner Erhard.
@dcpoll Sounds to me like they are afraid for their long term reputations and they like we are sure this "expanded" background check hamstrung by mcconnell &amp; trump is going look and smell like dog shit.
@voxdotcom no
We must show up 4 all of it. We must in the end shrink the playing field. So that many of the rights a court with kavenaugh or some other 5th conservative on it would take away does not have those options.
In any event those steps would only be the beginning like the ships carry the troops Normandy. The invasion woudk come later and take more time. Amending the Constitution no matter who is on the used to be supreme court at the time will take a lot more work and a lot more time.
I must say that it wpuld not hurt my feelings if the investigatprs find sufficent evidence 2 charge &amp; convict mr. kavanaough of sex related felony and if they find sufficent evidence 2 convict him of perjury so much the better. This whols circus, not process, has been a travesty.
We must then do a living autopsy on mr kavenaugh's life. Using every investigavite tool available. And those who would attack sexula assault survivors need themselves to be investigated all the ay inside their jockstap. And let tjhe chips fall where they may. Imust say that it
master kavanaugh will be elevated to the higher court. No longer supreme. We Like-minded Independents(Me) &amp; Democrats must take back all 3 houses. The house&amp;senate in Nov. &amp; the wh in 2020, The n we must do as thorough an investigation as shoudl have been done already. We must do
At a sorta recent year end employment review my boss at the time asked me what was my best trait. "I show up!" I said. My grandfather a salty old ex-merchant seaman &amp; cowboy, was more colorful "A cow can piss a hole a flat rock if it is persistent enough." We must be that cow.
@lauferlaw I don't think Impeachment is a a viable option. Will have to be criminal complaint in both cases.  Need to make either being appealable need to make both cases as bullet proof as possible. I wonder fi Judge Garland would take the job if we gave it to him? Humiliate Mitch Yeah!
@lauferlaw I would like to see both go to jail.1st we in the resistance. I'm former large R Republican, now Independent, who often votes with Dems. We must take both congress sides in Nov &amp; wh in 2020. Then we must begin serious investigations at all levels of both frauds.
I misspoke. I should have said Correctiona Custody.
I know most men are not among the group that feels men should be entitled. But there are enough men in positions of power who need to be sent to a civilian version of Marine Corrective Custody or maybe a canoe trip down the river that stood in for the fictional Cahulawassee River
I don't think the me too movement is creating victims. I beleive it may develop into the strongest support group many women have. I support their collective efforts. And I believe that until we me begin individually and collectily to change our behavior they are needed. I know
@MSNBC Have you folks forgotten? As Rachael usually says "Don't listen to what they say. Watch what they do." The so-called "undecided" senators all vote 4 kavenaugh. I will b helping to get rid of all the one's remaining after Nov. Including Manchin 6 years hence. even a repub.
@MSNBC I haven't checked Rachael's take on the reaction of the so-called senators. flake, collins, murkowski, heitkamp, and manchin to trump being trump beating up on someone who isn't there to defend themselves who is the victim of violence. Rape is not sex. It's violence. As
@RawStory @morgfair Tim Blake Nelson &amp; the Soggy Bottom Boys 	In the Jailhouse Now	https://t.co/epeBkknp8U
@RawStory @morgfair I don't expect the investigations to stop after he is likely elevated to what used to be the supreme court. I expect the Dems to take both house this time and to take the wh next then to really make his life miserable.
@aliasvaughn @lauferlaw @highbrow_nobrow I grew up in Arizona &amp; went to the UofA b4 most people live there did or were born. Am shocked by what has happened to my former home state so I;m not shocked by the lady's meno trying to frame the judiciary committees hearing as a court room trial. it was not. Who paid her bill?
I would not be suprised if when trump fires sessions a&amp; put graham in the AG role and tells him to fire Mueller. All he finds will be inflatable tanks and trucks. &amp; by the time they figure out what happened they will be in the cross hairs. Smile boys U R on mugshot camera.
Playing to the German's strong belief that Patton was going lead the invasion at the traditional invasion point. When Normandy Invasion happened Hilter was so sure Patton was the real invasion he wouldn't release a lot of his lanzer tanks to repulse the invasion. I would not be
In WWII after Patton slapped that soldier, Eisenhower took his army away from him. Then he set Patton up with a phony army at a crossing point in England near a place in France called Pas-de-Calais. Inflatable tanks and trucks. All the trappings of a make beleive army. Playing to
Frank Figliuzzi was on Nicolle Wallace's show a few minutes ago joking about how frugal his former boss Robert Mueller is. Cookies and water as snacks for a meeting.
I am a 67 yr old angry white guy &amp; ex-Marine. But I'm not angry in the way the republican boosses, I refuse to call any of them leaders, would like me to be. I think any one who votes 4 kavenaugh after this"expanded" fbi fig leaf shoudl resign b4 sundown friday.
@joncoopertweets @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @JeffFlake This whole deal is a sham. There used to be a party called the Republicans. worthy of capital letters. This bunch of hooligans has a lot of brass using the name. I hope everyone who votes for this unfit monster on Friday is haunted for the rest of their lives by their phominess.
@naretevduorp @GOP This generation of the Stepford Wives?	My Texas grandmother who lived to be 100 and complain about beating women half her age at Bridge and getting bored would be aghast. Born in the same town as Nellie Forbush and JR Ewing. She'd be ashamed of them.
@ChiefJusticeJR Mr. Chief Justice: I was a Republican (1972-2004). When "with malice toward none with charity for all" still part of party's beliefs. I am not a democrat. A former Marine Officer. Once kavenaugh is on your court not recognize your right to judge me or anyone else
And once they get this individual on the court, it will have i my eyes lst any relevance and any right to judge anyone. Especially women and girls.
still knew who Abraham Lincoln was they would be trying to help her. Listening to her. Instead to them she is in their way and as such is simply collateral damage. I used to be a Marine Artillery Officer so I know a thing or two about collateral damage. SHAME ON THEM. And once
years after she claims kavenaugh &amp; friends facilitated her being gang raped sound very much like a very heavily traumatized young woman. Well beyond what might be considered PTSD. And instead of casting doubts on her claim only strengthen them for me. And if the republican even
hurt in the process. I read the letter from the man who is former local tv personality who had some contact with Ms Swetnick several years after she said kavenaugh &amp; friends facilitated her gang rape.  Now I'm no psychologist but the behavior he attributes to Ms. Swetnick  many
now being led by a group of very unchristian religious leaders they seem bent on putting a person of very questionable morals and ethics on WHAT USED TO BE the nation's highest court. It is clear the now small r republicans will stop at nothing to get this done no matter who they
small r republican on the judiciary committee don't care who they hurt!  	I used to be a Republican when 'with malice toward none with charity for all was still a pillar of their beliefs." But
@npfandos @BresPolitico she's voting4 kavenaugh. As Rachael say: "Watch what they do. Not what they say." Unless these so-called "undecided" senators vote against kavenaugh as block their words are simply trying to assuage their consciences. And all the rest of them should follow flake out the door now.
RT @Sifill_LDF: Print it. Share it. Tweet it. Pin it.  https://t.co/xU7Ei4Nn6m
@jdawsey1 regardless of their comments on his comments they will al 3 stand behind this miniscule fig leaf of a pseudo expansion of an investigation and vote for scumbag kavenaugh.
@JeffFlake It is usually a bad idea to assume but I am pretty sure you're gonna vote for this scumbag and taint the court even more. You crocodile tears were a waste.
I renew my suggestion that the only long term solution to the mess the republicans are about to make of our country. AMEND THE CONSTITUTION TO PROTECT THE RIGHTS THESE TROGLODITES ARE ABOUT TO TAKE AWAY!!!!!!!!!
@HuffPost I think we can consider senator flake of little use to anyone but trump and mcconnell. good riddance.
@HuffPost I think, though it is not a good idea to assume and I'm not a gambling person, but I'd put money on flake voting for kavenaugh leaving the rest of us to hope someone comes up with evidence enough to send kavenaugh to jail &amp; a pertinent jurisdiction willing to take the case.
I know something about living next to a lot of open space. I live in Marin County. Houses are expensive here. Why? Most of the county is dedicated open space. Can't be developed. Where do you think our friend down south got the idea to set aside all that land?
More recently he set aside @ 50,000 of his 90,000 acres as open space. Brillaint. Now he can call himself an environmentalist and the remaining 40,000 acres just got that much more valuable. And anyone who moves onto that 40,000 acres has all thart open space to enjoy. I know
This gentleman owns about 90,000 acres in Orange County, Down south. He started w a $10,000 loan not a $400M gift from dad. Not too long ago he wanted to do some development on the coast &amp; when the enviromentalist started getting public rashes he called them not his lawyer. More
We have a gentleman out here on the west coast who seems to be qquite creative in his thinking and only talks to the press when he as a sue for them. No I admit oly know what I read. But he doesn't seem to need any ego stroking. Supposedly he onw @ 90,000 acres down in Orange
@SteveSchmidtSES When we achieve a contented, motivated, challenged workforce that doesn't see individual differences as excuses for prejudice but rather usefully different perspectives to be celebrated and use we may as a society have a chance to achieve our potential.
@SteveSchmidtSES Shrinking the size of the crib those spoiled little backward boys in men's bodies can operate in is really the only way to keep the rights several segmments of this modern forward looking and moving society have earned, Since this wrong way court will likely have them 4 a while.
@Delavegalaw @MSNBC Good question. They already have a very sharp, good looking lady lawyer on the payroll. Savanna Guthrie. And so far as I can tell you wont be able to guess her politics other than her comments on what proper behavior is. Can Megyn she's excess baggage and very expendable.
@dodi70 @riotwomennn All of these investigations could be more thoroughly done by unhobbled FBI if the Dems controlled all three houses. senate, house, &amp; WH.
@dodi70 @riotwomennn Dtto for the proper county in Connecticut. Letter released by the republican s on the judiciary committee from some guy who used to be a tv personality in the DC area about Ms Swetnick's behavior some years after her alleged rape took place sounds like a very traumatized lady.
@dodi70 @riotwomennn So we need a thorough professional investigation by the appropriate law enforcement are. And we need to overcome their likely reticence to go forward. Perhaps a thorough Propublica investigation with copies dumped on the State's Attorney for Montgomery County's desk as beginning.
@DonnaTa81840733 @islalola22 @riotwomennn I believe in a higher power. But like Goldilockes I have tred several houses of worship, and except for the ocassional shepard, all of them seem to be the same small bumch of OLD MEN TELLING the resr of us how to live our lives. And it sounds to me like another group of them here
@SteveSchmidtSES Mr. Schmidt: There should be no place for the rich old boys network described in those essays. And as for mcconnell calling himself a leader. Not in this Marine's book sir. Thank you for these essays.
@SteveSchmidtSES Mr. Schmidt: If mr kavenuagh gets elevated to the next level. the invetigations will only intensify. And if he did anything criminally chargeable he will likely los more than his career. Especially if rhe dems take both houses in Nov &amp; the WH in 2020.
@SteveSchmidtSES Mr. Schmidt: I am very sure that is mr. grassley, mr. kavnaugh, mr mcconnell, or mr trump think that mre kavenaughs elevation to the supreme court will cause the investigations of mr kavenaugh's life to end they are sadly mistaken. If anything they will intensify. And if he did
@SteveSchmidtSES Mr. Schmidt: I have know girls who were treated like the women in those essays nested in Mr. Wittes's essay. I understand why they don't come forward. I am very sure that if mr. kavenaugh, mr. grassley, or mr trump think that mr kavenaughs elevation to what will become a very
@SteveSchmidtSES Mr. Schmidt: My behavior toward women, possibly as a result my mother beastly behavior, but that is not a valid reason or even an excuse, has not been stellar. I side with Dr. Ford not in an attempt as some amends, but because I belive her&lt; I have known girls who were treated
@SteveSchmidtSES Mr. Schmidt: I grew up a Goldwater Republican in AZ. Too late(2004) i realized the party I ha been a part of no longer existed.I was also a Marine Officer. I am not a Democrat or a liberal (at least by my definition). I'm 67. My mother declared war on me when I was@ 5. I do not
I also hope all the potential jurisdictions that could possibly find standing to broing charges vs the trumps resulting from NY Times Article how the trumps supposedly cheated on their taxes for years do so. And how, if all of it is proven, donald trump;s entire life is a fraud!
this all based on the expectation that he will be approved. Whixh will be a humiliating day for those of us who believe in the rule fo law and who beleive this is a compassionate coutry.  FOWARD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If any of you have any pertinent information that wil help develop a provable felony criminal complaint against mr kavnaugh in any state jurisdictiion that will charge him please bring it forward. He is unfit for the job he currenty has. This ois all based on the expectation
For those of you out there, who believe Dr. Ford, like I do. Our marching orders are clear. 	Help to take both houses from the republicans this November.	Take the white house away from trump in 2020.	And if you have any pertinent information that can help us develop a provable
@DonnaTa81840733 @islalola22 @riotwomennn If we do what we need to do to correct these things. As you know the Lord helps those who help themselves.
Do this to a 15 year old Donnie trump when he's at camp you think we'd know about it evn now? I don't.	From the movie Deliverance  	"Squeal Like Pig"	https://t.co/90w9jk87mu
@riotwomennn I don't mean this as revenge. But if the supposedly high court is to rertain any semblace of honor and self respect he cannot be allowed a life term. UNFIT. Given the republican recnt affinity for scumbags how did Gorsuch slip though?
@Lawrence @LindseyGrahamSC Like kavenaugh he is a weak person who needs a master. And he is now overdoing the emulation. At least Darth Vader retained some human characteristics when he went over to the dark side. But this bunch are paying homage to a weak bullying incompetent business person and fraud.
@morgfair @CNN If he story is true. And I have no reason to believe it is not. How many other women are out there who were brutalized like her as young girls. Rape is nor sex! It is about control and violence. And victims can be of either gender.
@morgfair @CNN With regard to the letter released by the republicans on the judiciary w/ regard to Ms. Swetnick's later behavior. The actions described sound like someone who was seriously tramautized. Possibly as a result of being drugged &amp; gang raped. Could explain a lot.
@harrygod After they have squealed like a pig, leave them chained to a tree in the Georgia wilderness. Tell the secret service take a month long break. No phones No food. No water. Go back for them in a couple of weeks. No blankets or etc.
@harrygod Perhaps we need to send on their version of "Deliverance" Squeal like a pig boys. That's right squeal like a pig. Oink Oink!
@nytimes What trump wants for America as long as he's in charge. And given the story told by the NY Times about the reality of his business imcompetence. Oh, I hope not.
@TheChickLivesOn @RickPetree Check those people's knuckles for callouses.
public vs charter schools. Any one of these senators votes for kavenaugh is voting against these underpinning of who we are. And to any of them, excluding flake, even if your next election is in 6 years, enjoy your time in the senate. This will be yoru swan song.
I am not a republcan or democrat. BUT I CAN SAFELY SAY I DO NOT TRUST MANCHIN, COLLINS, HEITKAMP, MURKOWSKI, OR FLAKE. This is a vote about more than Rie. Affordable health including preexiting conditions, social security. medicare, medicaid, the VA, and public schools vs
@riotwomennn I hope the republicans prove to have been raising the stakes for mr. kanaenaugh. CRIMINAL CONVICTION V RESIGNATION. I hope that we Americans do the right thing &amp; put democrats in charge in both houses in Nov. Then do the right thing put a Democrat in the White House in 2020.
@riotwomennn Ask these gentlemen to join us in finding necessary evidence, not made up/faked, 2 develop a provable felony criminal complaint statute of limitations not expired so that should kavenaugh get onto the less than supreme court we don't have to bother with republican to remove him.
It is now more imperative than ever that we take back both hosue of the congress this midterm and the wh in 2020 then dig deep to find the basis for proveable felony criminal complaint so that the republican will have to sit back and watch their golden boy get his just desserts &amp;
@jimsciutto @Arianedevogue Or so says the liar in chief publicly. Still a tiny fig leaf.