@GaryClarkJr Rock on, Gary, ignore the hate; you have a true gift of bringing soul to everything you touch
@DeanObeidallah Because we all know how well you follow the principles of the bible, Mr. President. Whatever distracts from reading about you in the history books.
@MichaelAngarano @NBCThisisUs Nicky’s story is tragic in that he was really making a breakthrough in Vietnam but it was gone so quickly...your performance was amazing and heartbreaking, can’t imagine where you had to go for that
@SirPatStew @WhoopiGoldberg @TheView @KidWouldBeKing Wow, Ten-Forward has had some work done!  Looks great!
@rickwtyler History will remember Lindsey Graham as one of the big hypocrites of politics...there have been many but none as sycophantic as him.
@TheBobbyJo123 @thehill He absolutely is accountable for his own actions.  However, we live in a world where people are immediately written out of history for these things and any good that they did is erased.  But when there's no discussion and no opportunity for redemption, nothing gets solved.
@thehill With said allegations, where was the impartial investigation?  Rather than railroading someone out for political reasons, we should be investigating these situations for the accused and the accuser.  This won't go away with this explanation
@JonHaidt I am currently listening to your talk with Joe @joerogan and immensely enjoying your thoughts on "callout culture" and what's going on at universities.  Thank you for pointing out the dangers of coddling.
@kanyewest Fantastic.  Can't wait to hear what you guys discuss.  I hope you got what you were looking for.
Outrage culture at its worst...let's investigate and reach out to find out what happen before we destroy people's livelihoods.  Mayor Warren, please get to know this man and try to see his side.  Move forward, not back. https://t.co/xlnxNbWgH3
@DeanObeidallah Not certain I believe he even read this...didn’t think that was really his thing. Sad!
@JuddApatow I think some “comebacks” just aren’t meant to happen. Not certain why someone trying to revive a torpedoed career would start with this. Sorry, Louie, try again.
@Lawrence @BillOReilly It’s the type of statement that really lacks humanity. She’s not gone yet, save the politics for later
@marcorubio Then let the oversight begin and don't stand idly by while the country falls apart.  POTUS is not someone who is easily persuaded in this way so it won't be easy.
@smerconish @SXMPOTUS @realDonaldTrump @SIRIUSXM It's sad that we're even in that place.  We want our president to do well, as our country will also do well.  What needs to end is the destructive policies that are increasingly more difficult to support.
@WWESheamus IC and Universal.  May be time for you to pay a surprise visit to RAW.
@aplusk Just started The Ranch and listening to your Dax Shepard interview. I grew up with That 70s Show, great to see your career shining so bright! Your honesty and insight on life are refreshing.
@kanyewest maybe even Sam Harris, he’s a neuroscientist with some fascinating theories
@kanyewest I would love to hear you talk with @joerogan or @RubinReport about these issues.  They are two of the best listeners and thinkers of this generation. I hope you find what you are looking for and glad you want to talk about this.
@RepSwalwell I'm still not sure I'm clear on the chicken's contribution to the adventure.  The pig would have provided a lot more, especially an adorability factor that Hei-Hei simply does not have.
@ZellnerLaw Watching MAM 2 right now...amazing that you are still fighting this and staying focused on your outcome.  It is truly awe-inspiring watching you work and comb the scenes.
@Ocasio2018 That sounds frighteningly lopsided.  Thanks for the insight!
@JebBush Your 2016 campaign truly showed how much your father has influenced you.  Your calls of civility and decency as opposed to anger and agitation are much appreciated in these times.  America would have been lucky to have you as POTUS.  Thoughts and prayers to you and yours
@WillieGeist A truly amazing moment between two members of the greatest generations.  Thank you for this insight!
@DanCrenshawTX I'm from New York, but extremely excited for you to begin in January.  Your op ed was one of the best articles I've read in a while and I hope folks in Washington and all over the country will follow your example.
@JoeNBC "It's like that Dana Carvey movie, it's a real problem, believe me."
@benshapiro Not only is this incredibly disturbing...I'm not sure how John McCain relates to anything here.  You are anything but a threat to civility, always appreciate your perspective on things.
@RepSanfordSC You know you're in Congress when...
@benshapiro The term holds too much weight to describe journalists.  Hard to have "unity" and "peace" when you use a label.  Unfortunately, you're correct, this is a man whose mind won't be changed.
@brianstelter Kudos to you guys, as a 24 hour news technical director, it was great to see you pull it off.
@JamesMartinSJ Well put, father. Violence and violent rhetoric only beget violence. There has never been a bigger need for peace than right now.
@JoeNBC Well said.  The words of a president are extremely powerful.  While he may not be giving instructions, these words hold power and it's hard to know who would act on this.  Thank you for bringing this up, was on my mind right away.
@justinhartley Kevin certainly has his ups and downs...but it's because of you that i always want to see him do well.  Your performances are heartwarming on honest.  Can't wait to watch him keep growing!
@MiloVentimiglia Thank you for this past week's episode...I always love learning more about Jack and each week you bring something new to life.  Can't wait to see more!
@skelechiwatson Question: What would This Is Us do without Beth? Answer...i really don't want to think about it.  She is the glue and you amaze each and every week!
@SterlingKBrown Randall is an embodiment of all the best parts of Jack.  Watching you every week is a real treat. As a father of two girls, there is a lot to relate to.  Thank you for inspiring!
@WhitfordBradley If Josh Lyman worked in the Trump administration, that memoir would sell out before reaching shelves.
@MJMcKean I was quite worried about Chuck after that hospital visit in Season 1, you were fantastic in this episode!
@mrbobodenkirk Also really appreciate how you and @davidcrosss seemed to always be next to each other in those newsroom meetings in The Post.  They know a good team when they see one!
@mrbobodenkirk I'm a late starter to BCS (just finished Breaking Bad) but loving every minute.  Very interested in how Jimmy got on this crazy train!
@SullivanTweet @ChrissyMetz @sumaleedotcom Wow, never knew this was you, these commercials are classic.  Thanks for sharing Toby with us every week, so multi-faceted and easy to relate to.  I hope everything turns out ok for him.
@DavidSRudolf Two great minds in law...can't get enough of watching you guys work, you have such passion and dedication.
@RjMitte It was bittersweet watching Jr. stand up to Walt in the final season...Walt Jr. grew so much throughout the series and your portrayal was fantastic.
@deanjnorris On Season 5 episode 15 of BB...miss you already.  Thank you for an amazing performance, Hank was the true hero of this show.
@betsy_brandt Just finished "Ozymandias.."the look on your face when you find out about Hank is heartbreaking.  You give Marie so much depth as time goes on.
@StevenMQuezada Just finished "Ozymandias",very sad to see you go.  Your character provided a great balance for Hank, fantastic chemistry with @deanjnorris
@charlietahan such a poignant and beautiful portrayal of Wyatt this season. Loved the rendition of the man who sold the world.
@JButlerHarner With every episode of Ozark, I am especially excited to see what Roy is up to.  You have created such a multi-faceted, flawed character that cannot be overlooked.  Thank you!
RT @LawandOrderSVU1: Retweet if you're with this Squad! https://t.co/cS8sAbC4js
@JohnLithgow Did you have any specific serial killers in mind when you played Trinity?  It is thus far my favorite Dexter season.  On the edge of my seat every second...you always seemed to be one step ahead.
@aaronpaul_8 I've been a Pearl Jam fan since i was 15 and loved your story about your first "10" experience.  So incredibly moving.  Heard a band in high school cover "Evenflow," and that lit the spark for me.  On Season 3 of Breaking Bad right now and loving every minute.
@FINALLEVEL Good luck guys!  Awaiting the next season eagerly!
@alisonbrie congrats on the nomination!  Your scene with @bettygilpin in that hospital room was so unforgettably moving.  Amazing work by an amazing cast!
@bettygilpin Congrats on the nomination!  Well deserved for all of you.  Never knew you sang...your version of "Home on the Range" was a pleasant and welcome surprise.
@J2thecarpenter Just started Dexter this year...Deb's take no prisoners attitude is very refreshing in these times.  Between that and your husband making some stellar music, seems like we're all going to be ok.
@DavidZayas62 Just started Dexter this year, on Season 4.  Angel may be the most stylish cop I've seen.  Any inspirations?
@FINALLEVEL was scared for a moment that last night was your last time on SVU.  Didn't see Barba coming, so had to be ready.  Can't imagine season 20 without Fin!
@seanhannity But you don't consider "The Man Show" "Locker Room Talk?"  I guess it's just a convenient defense when it applies to your friends.  Maybe you could "apologize" to the Obama family for 8 plus years of birtherism and racism.
@IngrahamAngle This is disgusting.  He will likely have severe trauma for the rest of his life and he's still out there fighting for change. Try having some empathy for people occasionally if you ever break from your decades old agenda.
Sounds very reasonable to me.  I truly respect him holding off on President bashing as many others have done.  The goal is to work together to accomplish America's goals.  So far, so good!  Change through positivity! https://t.co/OhrU2ZP7Ka
@luckymustard @WillieGeist it was burn the witch, love those violins!
@WillieGeist do you pick the bump music for Sunday Today? Heard some Wilco and Radiohead in there.  Great stuff, love the show!
As a follow up, I miss True Detective.  Terribly.  Please keep the theme song for next season, it is a masterpiece.
Might be the best soundtrack ever. http://t.co/PpfvhvRKka
Groundhogs predict weather, pandas predict the superbowl...it's the animalocalypse
@jillybean610 @chrisrooney @cnn I have asked Facebook friends to determine what the c stands for. My top picks are crappy and convoluted.
My name is Chris, I'm 29 years old and...I'm addicted to law and order Svu. Don't try to help me.
My newest blog entry is finally up!  I give my thoughts and feelings about the upcoming big day! http://t.co/sZThJCPjXE
@patrickcarney thank you for rising above the hate and keeping the spirit of rock and roll alive. El camino=instant classic
@jimjames you have created an inspiring and spiritual album that no other artist could conceive.  Thank you for your passion and dedication
Celebration Rock by Japandroids really strips it all down to basics.  What a fantastic album!
I'm just speechless...absolutely amazing. These three are insane,	http://t.co/85Tuz0ka
Please Jacquire King, I hope you haven't done to Dawes what you did to the Cold War Kids
Album Reviews: fun.&amp;#039;s &amp;quot;Some Nights&amp;quot; and Gary Clark Jr.&amp;#039;s &amp;quot;Blak and Blu&amp;quot; http://t.co/ZZ0A7XWP
Boil water advisories really limit your dinner options. #boilingmad
Blog # 9 is up: To Forgive or not to Forgive? Read more at http://t.co/DD7TQIpq
The tweet below is Blog #8.  Sorry it's been a while, lots of moving/unpacking madness!  Enjoy!
The Journey to Fatherhood Part 1: The Move http://t.co/fQ0KhBam
Happy thanksgiving! May your table be plenty.
Blog # 6 is up.  The Topic: Thanksgiving: Valuing Our Time at the Table http://t.co/yGtYfRZU
Blog # 5 is up.  The topic: The Underrated Joys of Marriage: The Husband Diaries Entry # 1.  Read more at http://t.co/TDjjseGi
Forgot to put this up yesterday, but Blog # 4 is up. The topic: Why Seemingly Good Men Go Bad. Read more at http://t.co/TDjjseGi
Blog # 3 is up! The topic: Before you pick up the keys…think about taking a walk.  http://t.co/TDjjseGi
To all veterans...thank you for your service . Your sacrifices will never be forgotten. This country is stronger for your sacrifice
Blog Topic # 2: The Rolling Stones 2012: Nostalgia Trip of the Year or Flogging a Dead Horse Slowly? Check it out at http://t.co/lXqhEcGN
My first official blog entry is in! Topic # 1..."Campaign Ad Craziness." Read more at http://t.co/TDjjseGi
For those interested, I have started a new WordPress blog. You can find it at http://t.co/lXqhEcGN. Not much in there yet, but stay tuned!
In regards to the article posted below...intelligently put no matter who you're for.  If music ever gets boring...political journalist?
Stephen Stills on Mitt Romney: 'I Never Thought I'd See a Creepier Politician Than Nixon' http://t.co/Ar0CXzfu via @rollingstone
Ben folds has hands of lightning...glad to see the five back together again!
Finally, my favorite month of the year...and not just because i was born in it #ilovefall
Someone needs to explain the concept of the onion to iran...i feel a great snl skit coming
1 minute left for green day...clearly las vegas did NOT have the time...get better, billie joe
Tom cotter is hilarious...how did dogs beat him on agt? #ohthehumanity
Thanks google for ruining 6 degrees of bacon...why don't we stop teaching long division while we're at it #ohthehumanity
Punky brewster, what happened to you? From cute child star to twitter peddler...sad
A full chorus version of call me maybe? This is the last straw #ohthehumanity
Watching today...gangam style is damn catchy, yay for green jackets and sweet dance moves
Ok, so for the third time, it's #approaching30. Stay tuned for more
Sign of getting old...not understanding a basic concept such as hash tags £approaching30
Sign of getting old...pizza that's been sitting out since the night before is no longer appetizing #approaching 30#
Pearl jam backing jay z on 99 problems...these guys never cease to prove why they're my favorite
Don't think we'll be seeing hank williams jr in a formal debate any time soon...calm down there buddy
Queens of the stone age is working on new stuff...it's been five years...we're all hungry...
Very disappointed that political animals is over. Such a twist and cliff hanger! Please give us more!
J. Geils Files Lawsuit Against J. Geils Band http://t.co/AdojzKGE via @rollingstone.  This is absolutely hilarious.
You know it's summertime...when there's peaches and wine
There is Nothing Left to Lose by the Foo Fighters...stil great after 13 years...oh to be 16 again...sort of...the 90s kick continues
I am so proud of my graduate, @jillybean610!! You deserve all the best, honey!! You've worked so hard and now you'll knock em dead out t ...
R.I.P adam "mca" yauch, my favorite beastie boy...your contributions to music and society will never be forgotten
The previous tweet has told me that I need to practice guitar 14 hours a day to be this good...among the best of my generation
Jack White - Ball and Biscuit (Later with Jools Holland): http://t.co/uTX2OHTB via @youtube
Forgot to mention joe walsh being part of last night's epic jam...amazing
Paul mccartney, bruce springsteen and dave grohl trading solos on the same stage...mind = blown
Thank you dave grohl...sometimes it seems like playing instruments and singing into mics is lost in today's music...you are a true hero
Loving our new ipad 2...working out app custody with @jillybean610
Ah, if only it wasn't my day off, @emilydonohue!
Thanks for the fantastic whoopie pies, @emilydonohue !  They were delicious!
Trying again with proper spacing...@emilydonohue, thanks for the birthday wishes!
@emily donohue, thanks for the birthday wishes!
I have a serious problem with eliot spitzer criticizing the president's handling of the economy...or anything for that matter
In the words of glenn frey...i've got a peaceful easy feeling
Am i weird in that i like alt country singers to sound like their throats have been drowned in cigarettes, alcohol and despair?
Check out my new blog where, this week, I review the new Foo Fighters album.  http://t.co/JRkAnyY
My apologies for the previous tweet...Mr. Weiner's name does not fall under traditional "i before e" rules...doesn't even sound in "a."
Wienermania is in full swing...can't seem to go an hour without seeing this man's picture or hearing the story...unreal
Vampire weekend's contra...proof that musicians can still be daring and challenge their listeners. Nice work, boys!
Thanks jacquire king for stripping away everything that was good about cold war kids...wasn't decoolifying kings of leon enough??
Word to the wise...if you're going to file your nails in the supermarket, perhaps you shouldn't do so over the bread
The new far cd is amazing...so proud to have met jonah matranga and seen him at quinnipiac and in nyc!
Regis philbin singing silent night is a bit sacreligious...it's a cross between bing crosby and yogi bear
I experienced the joy of a poor pilgrim sandwich for the first time today...my life has been forever changed
Sister wives hourlong special at ten...oh, what the hey!
I don't think i've ever seen more punting in a football game...i expect a lot of feet in ice after this.
Watching the giants play the bears...aka fumblefest 2010. So...who sucks more? We'll find out after 75 commercial breaks.
Hair of the dog's bass player is incredible...it's almost blinding to watch his hands move on the fretboard.
Hey everybody, check out my band Scharling's new Twitter page at scharlingband.  There were be news, show updates and more!
Crabcakes, stuffed clams, couscous, broccoli...this woman is amazing!
Printer fixed! @jillybean610 can now print papers! Maybe i should apply for hp tech support...
Wishing i was an officejetpro 8000 expert right about now...
Autotune...sounds funny on double rainbow videos but can be quite the chore during album mixing!
Update: @jillybean610 set up a wireless printer in record time. Gotta love that hp officejet pro 8000!
Update: not only can @jillybean610 cook a mean pasta, she can build a bookshelf like nobody's business!
Just bought Super Mario Bros. for my dad's 58th birthday...great to see that such an amazing game can still appeal to all age groups!
Attention cyber foodies: @jillybean610 makes a mean pasta! Chicken, zucchini, squash, the works. I am a lucky man!
Getting some much needed telecaster time today. Looking forward to august 7th!
Nice day of deck staining...nap time?  Nope, time to rock and roll, Scharling style!
June 28th already...feels like the world is on fast forward sometimes.  Not complaining though, year's still young in my mind!
Great show for Scharling in NYC last night!  More to come soon!
Big step for Scharling...Crown Remedy is mixed!  Thanks to Andris and Dryhill Studios! Now some Friends with @jillybean610!
Outside with my new patio furniture...gorgeous day
@DVDsnapshot ask him why what he says is the bottom line...you'll love the answer
Sunburned but in great spirits!  It's worth some minor pain for these carefree days!
Wish I had realized it sooner...My Morning Jacket makes some pretty great music.
Think it's time to write some songs...or attempt to anyway.
New Sage Francis album + Monsters of Folk album=sheer musical awesomeness for car rides.  There's still hope for today's music.
I am literally going to play music so loud and so hard that rocks will start rolling...yeah, I'm reinventing the wheel, people.
Imagine if you were limited to speaking only 140 words every day...crazy.  I am officially here!