President Trump's CPAC remarks lasted 2 hours, 2 minutes and 17 seconds...perhaps the longest speech of his presidency.
The president has been speaking at CPAC for more than 90 minutes
The president came on stage at CPAC hugging the American flag - he has done that at a few rallies and events during the campaign and his presidency
@Kyle_Feldscher @yashar @Phil_Mattingly Phil needs to be cloned: need Anchor Phil, Capitol Hill Phil, and Campaign Trail Phil
I remember moments like this -- usually because of a tornado warning, but we'd get the calls for on the assignment desk for network special reports as well (though the cut-ins were always worth it) https://t.co/5244la2TM4
Fred and Cindy Warmbier said in their statement “we have been respectful during this summit process. Now we must speak out.”
The parents of Otto Warmbier this morning said “Kim and his evil regime are responsible for the death of our son....no excuses or lavish praise can change that”
RT @ryanstruyk: New 2020 poll in New Hampshire just out from UNH:		Sanders 26%	Biden 22%	Harris 10%	Warren 7%	O'Rourke 5%	Klobuchar 4%	Book…
RT @CNNPR: . @CNN was most watched in cable news during Cohen testimony in key demos; CNN Digital sees third best day in last year. Release…
President Trump has departed Elmendorf AFB in Alaska, heading back to Washington
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders told pool reporters on Air Force One that President Trump “is aware of” North Korea disagreements about the negotiations, but the pool says she offered no further comment.
RT @SloanPublic: #TBT to our wonderful @Sundancefest panel with Kerry Bishé, @SevOhanian, @mamanova, @heather_berlin, and @jannalevin. Miss…
President Trump has landed at Elmendorf AFB in Alaska where AF1 is refueling. The pool says he'll make brief remarks to troops there. From Air Force One, he called Japanese Prime Minister Abe and South Korean President Moon to brief them on the summit
Speaker Nancy Pelosi twice says “I’m not going into that” when asked if it would be an impeachable offense if Presdient Trump violated campaign finance laws while in office
This after the President’s comment at the news conference that he takes Kim Jong Un at his word that he did not know about it https://t.co/wGgTqZ9M3r
President Trump in the photo op at the leaders sat down said "I've been saying very much from the beginning that speed is not that important to me. Speed is not important to me. What is important is that we do the right deal."
President Trump at start of summit with Kim Jong Un in Hanoi says "I think we’re going to have fantastic success. I can't speak necessary for today — but a little bit longer term."
He’s riding? Beto O’Rourke bikes homes after meeting tonight in El Paso. He’s reached 2020 decision, tells CNN “I want to make the announcement to everyone at the same time. I want to do it the right way.” From ⁦@DJJudd⁩ , ⁦@leylasantiago⁩  and ⁦@ericbradner⁩ https://t.co/QtziElmU0a
@MichelleBarrabi 3:50am ET in this case -- about 15 hours from now
President Trump will hold a 3:50am ET news conference from Hanoi.
RT @grynbaum: AP statement on reporters barred by White House in Hanoi:	   	"The AP decries such efforts by the White House to restrict acc…
RT @abbydphillip: The WH is suggesting this was about North Korea, but President Trump was the person getting questions he didn’t like. Ama…
RT @jeffmason1: Wire writers from @Reuters @AP @business were excluded from going with the press pool to see the dinner between @realDonald…
RT @kaitlancollins: Multiple U.S. reporters were blocked by the White House from covering President Trump's dinner with Kim Jong Un because…
RT @USMarineCorps: Michael Campofiori was diagnosed with Leukemia at age 11. He won the battle against cancer after enduring five years of…
Biden said, "I can die a happy man never having lived in the White House, but what I don’t want to do is take people’s time, effort and commitment without there being a clear shot that I could be the nominee. I think we can."
Biden told the audience "we are also taking a hard look at whether or not it is this alleged appeal that I have – how deep does it run? Is it real? No, I’m being completely honest with you."
At the University of Delaware, at the school named for him, a woman in the audience yelled to Biden, “Oh, God just say yes!” He responded, "But I’m not there yet”.
Joe Biden says his family is on board with him running, but he hasn't made final decision. One factor: "I don't want this to be a fool’s errand and I want to make sure that if we do this, and we’re very close to getting to a decision, that I am fully prepared to do it"
RT @NAEaglePride: Check this article:  https://t.co/OIS8kHYXwF	Love seeing HS journalism continue to thrive. @ReynSchools had a fantastic p…
Air Force Two has arrived at Joint Base Andrews, bringing VP Pence back to the US after trip to Colombia. He landed at 7:12pm. President Trump left for Hanoi at 12:34pm -- so the president and the vice president were out of country at the same time for 6 hours, 38 minutes.
@DanielStrauss4 @Phil_Mattingly @hodge The Ohio State University vs Michigan journalism fight! Get him, @Phil_Mattingly.  @DanielStrauss4 = Harbaugh
RT @Phil_Mattingly: .@VP Pence, in Bogota, says "it's time" for action against Maduro, via @NicoleCNN &amp; @betsy_klein	https://t.co/2bQpRKLb3Y
RT @betsy_klein: And he’s off! The President is officially en route to Vietnam for his second summit with Kim Jong Un. He’ll arrive early t…
The president leaves in about two hours for the summit in Hanoi. For about six hours today, we’ll have an unusual occurrence. Both President Trump and VP Pence will be out of country. Pence returns early this evening from Colombia.
RT @KPIXtv: Some troubling news: KPIX reporter @joenewsman and crew were out covering the #OaklandTeachersStrike when they were robbed of c…
Big week for decisions? Beto O’Rourke said he will decide by the end of the month (this week) whether he will enter the presidential race. Joe Biden has two events this week -he says he’s close but no timetable. Others could come soon.
@mrkraft @tigerbeat @CNN DM me?
3 Democrats who are thinking about entering the race are in a crowded and snowy Iowa this weekend: Hickenlooper, Sen. Michael Bennet and NYC Mayor Bill De Blasio. (Along with declared candidates Kamala Harris, Julian Castro and Tulsi Gabbard)
Former Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper in Ames, Iowa seemed to lean towards a 2020 run, saying "it's a calling in a very real way". He said, "I feel like I'm the one person that has actually gotten people together and got stuff done"
National Transportation Safety Board Chairman Robert Sumwalt says the Atlas Air 767 was in a normal descent as it approached Houston George Bush Intercontinental Airport, then went into a “very, very rapid descent” at 6300 feet.
Aerials from the crash site show debris from the 767 scattered across the water and a small section of land. Part of the Amazon logo was visible on one piece.
Witnesses say the Boeing 767 cargo plane was in a nosedive when it crashed. The sheriff of Chambers County, Texas, just told reporters "knowing what I saw, I don’t think anyone could survive it".
RT @ShimonPro: Breaking it down for us on the TV @MarshallCohen 	Nice job! https://t.co/Bpw8bmgyhA
The National Transportation Safety Board said they are sending a “go team” to investigate the crash of the Boeing 767 cargo plane outside Houston.
@AnnieLinskey She will make an excellent White House correspondent
A large cargo jet has crashed outside Houston. The 767 carrying 3 people has gone down in Chambers County -- in Jack’s Pocket at the north end of Trinity Bay
In the sentencing memo for Paul Manafort, prosecutors wrote, “ His criminal actions were bold, some of which were committed while under a spotlight due to his work as the campaign chairman and, later, while he was on bail from this Court.”
The Special Counsel’s office in the Paul Manafort sentencing document said “Manafort’s conduct after he pleaded guilty is pertinent to sentencing. It reflects a hardened adherence to committing crimes and lack of remorse.”
is ranch a thing in NH? asking for a friend
RT @DJJudd: New dateline alert: hello from Manchester, NH, where Senator Elizabeth Warren will headline the New Hampshire Democratic Patty’…
RT @betsy_klein: New: National security adviser John Bolton has cancelled his trip to South Korea next wk ahead of the second summit betwee…
The future of journalism is bright with young reporters like this https://t.co/Hs8QDmfQm0
Kamala Harris, leaving the lunch with Al Sharpton, did not stop to answer shouted questions from reporters on the Jussie Smollett case. Sharpton said it did not come up during their lunch.
O'Rourke told reporters today "I think there are in some places a need for a physical barrier, and here’s what I would do: I would work with local stakeholders, the property owners, the communities, those who actually live there, to determine the best security solution".
Asked whether he wants fencing along the entire US-Mexico border removed, Beto O'Rourke said this afternoon, “I think there is a role for physical barriers in some places.”    (from @ericbradner in El Paso)
RT @ericbradner: .@BetoORourke acknowledged he's considering both runs for president and the Senate and told reporters in El Paso he still…
@GenePark The scene where the associate producer was punished by being forced to work a network news assignment desk.
RT @DJJudd: And here's video of the woman "just trying to get some ranch," while Senator Kirsten Gillibrand speaks to supporters in Iowa Ci…
Introducing Elizabeth Warren tonight in LA, her granddaughter Lavania said "she's always there for us no matter what. And that's why I want her to be the first female President of the United States. Because that's what girls do!"
RT @SamFeistCNN: Moments away from the start of the #KlobucharTownHall live from New Hampshire on ⁦@CNN⁩ https://t.co/pr8r4f850m
Marine One lifting off from Mar-a-lago taking the President to Miami for speech on Venezuela https://t.co/kdtcvjNLsA
Marine One lifting off from Mar-a-lago taking the President to Miami for speech on Venezuela https://t.co/XGpLavDSxj
@Kyle_Feldscher My respect for Kyle has slipped faster than the Buckeyes against Michigan State yesterday
Trump friend Christopher Ruddy (who met with Trump this weekend) tells @camanpour he is hearing from WH sources of "general disappointment of the President with Director Coats. There's a feeling that maybe there needs to be a change of leadership in that position."
And we watch any news from 3 people not yet running: we see if there is an announcement from Sanders, Biden takes questions on stage at the University of Pennsylvania on Tuesday, and O’Rourke after series of Midwest stops speaks as he is honored as El Pasoan of the Year
Warren starts her week out west in Nevada today and California tomorrow, headlined New Hampshire party dinner on Friday night
Iowa will get plenty of attention this week: Gillibrand is there Monday, Klobuchar returns for Thursday local party dinner in Ankeny, Harris goes there for the weekend and Castro makes first trip
A busy President’s Day in New Hampshire for those aspiring for that job: Klobuchar holds meet and greet before CNN town hall at 10pm, Harris begins two day trip, and Booker wraps up a three weekend swing.
Joe Biden in Munich yesterday saying he hasn’t reached decision on a presidential run added,  “I think we have a tendency, particularly in the States, to stay the whole election process much too early”
I am no longer allowed to watch Ohio State basketball this season. Every single time I watch, they lose a lead.
RT @peterbakernyt: It's become commonplace enough in the past two years that it no longer gets much notice. But it's worth remembering that…
RT @carolynryan: Clue for 54 Across said “Late Peabody-winning journalist.” Could have just said: “Legend.” Cc: ⁦@Yamiche⁩ ⁦@sarajust⁩ ⁦@Ne…
RT @ArletteSaenz: .@JoeBiden tells me in Munich he still has not made a decision on 2020, says there is sufficient time to decide and annou…
In my elevator this morning: a sign for a building fitness class and a sign for a Girl Scout cookie sale in the lobby. This is a test I am going to fail, isn’t it?
RT @lindsemcpherson: Capitol Police Inspector Thomas Lloyd Jr. said reporters should not be surrounding or moving with senators. “If the pu…
5 civilians and gunman are dead, 5 officers wounded in the Aurora, Illinois shooting
There will be a news conference in Aurora, Illinois with police officials at 5:30pm ET/4:30pm local time
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said "The President has been briefed and is monitoring the ongoing situation in Aurora, IL.”
A  city official in Aurora, IL says 4 police officers and multiple civilians have been shot in the incident
Police in Aurora, IL say the suspect has been "apprehended"
Witness is telling @abc7chicago the gunman was a co-worker at the company in Aurora, IL. Area hospital says they have received "multiple patients" from the scene
Developing in the Chicago suburbs-- an active shooter situation at the Henry Pratt Corporation in Aurora on Highland Avenue.
@PamelaBrownCNN reports Special counsel Robert Mueller's team has interviewed WH press sec. Sarah Sanders. She said, "The President urged me, like he has everyone in the administration, to fully cooperate with the special counsel. I was happy to voluntarily sit down with them"
RT @pkcapitol: This is a really good, detailed, thoughtful, measured @ktullymcmanus story about Thursday's bizarre Capitol Police behavior…
But Rhodes tweeted, "We were not on the brink of war with North Korea in 2016.  Highlighting the longstanding and widely known threat of North Korea’s  nuclear program is very different from saying you’re about to start a big war."
President Obama deputy national security adviser Ben Rhodes disputes what President Trump said today. Trump claimed Obama told him in meeting after election he was "so close to starting a big war with North Korea"  (more)
@KyungLahCNN Next year, Vanilla Ice will sit down and the plaque will say "Kyung Lah and Alberto Moya ate at this table"
RT @NYDailyNews: Caesar, an NYPD dog that served three tours in Afghanistan, was euthanized after a courageous fight with cancer. 		https:/…
Senator Chuck Grassley, at end of the prayer at start of Senate session, leaned into the mic and added “let’s all pray that the president will have wisdom to sign the bill, so the government doesn’t shut down.” (From our @Phil_Mattingly )
RT @TheLeadCNN: .@jaketapper shows President Trump's hypocrisy over Democratic Rep. Ilhan Omar’s anti-Semitic tweet with a little help from…
RT @njapsell: #AskNASA What is the most important thing @MarsRover learned about EARTH as a result of exploring MARS? 🌎
During the less than half mile drive from the White House to the JW Marriott for a speech, the pool says the presidential motorcade passed a person in Batman costume and another in a Captain America costume
RT @njapsell: Spirit and Oppy; I had the great privilege of being at @NASAJPL when you landed safely at your second home, Mars, where you w…
RT @mkraju: Before I even got my question out the second time I saw her, Ilhan Omar angrily said: “Are you serious? What’s wrong with you.”…
Nikki Haley, asked if it is time for a woman to be President of the United States, smiled broadly and said "I am so not taking the bait on that one".
Nikki Haley told the Jewish Federation dinner in Miami tonight, “I can promise you I’m too young to stop fighting.” After loud and long applause, she added “Because we have press in the back of the room, no, that does not mean I am running for president.”
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders says in a statement,  "President Trump condemns all acts of violence against any individual or group of people - including members of the press. We ask that anyone attending an event do so in a peaceful and respectful manner"
(2) "....coupled with public statements of intent to denuclearize, little to no verifiable change has occurred in North Korea's military  capabilities."
(1) The commander of US Forces Korea, General Robert Abrams, tells the Senate Armed Services Committee of North Korea: "I remain clear-eyed about the fact that, despite a reduction in tensions along the DMZ and a cessation of strategic provocations ...(more)
The White House Correspondents Association in statement on the physical attack on BBC photographer at the El Paso Trump campaign rally said "The President of the United States should make absolutely clear to his supporters that violence against reporters is unacceptable.”
President Trump on a tangent on dogs tonight: 'How would I look walking a  dog on the White House lawn sort of not – I don’t know, I don’t feel  good, feels a little phony to me"  (from @betsy_klein in El Paso)
President Trump poking Beto O'Rourke's possible presidential candidacy  during his El Paso rally: "we were all challenged by a young man who  lost an election to Ted Cruz. And then they said, ‘Hey, you’re supposed  to win in order to run."
From our @KilloughCNN https://t.co/7ZSmBdHS7l
An official tells @Kevinliptakcnn that  White House aides are still digesting details of the agreement. They are not yet signaling their support, and note President Trump will need to weigh in.   The official says at this hour, nothing is being ruled out
Beto O'Rourke to rally in El Paso: "We know that walls do not save lives. Walls end lives"
RT @jeffzeleny: “With the eyes of the country upon us, all of you together are going to make our stand in one of the safest cities in the U…
Amid a chaotic scene during the march in El Paso, Beto O'Rourke leaned down to his sons ans said "I love you, buddy”, then “Let’s remember this moment. It’s pretty wild”
RT @RTDNA: This is the first time criminal charges have been filed for obstructing the release of public records under the Georgia Open Rec…
RT @jeffzeleny: .@BetoORourke is not planning to declare a presidential bid in El Paso tonight as he speaks outside Trump's first campaign…
Klobuchar's response to the President's tweet: "Looking forward to debating you about climate change (and many other issues). And I wonder how your hair would fare in a blizzard" https://t.co/9z9XvpZl5N
Warren said "And, what are we, as candidates, as activists, as the press going to do about it? We’re going to chase after those every day?  Are we going to let him use those to divide us?"
Warren in Iowa: "one of the things we’re going to have to decide about how campaigns go forward, is about what Donald Trump does every day. Every day, there is a racist tweet, a hateful tweet, something really dark and ugly". (more)
A change in tone from Elizabeth Warren in Cedar Rapids, in how forcefully she has gone after President Trump. She said "here’s what bothers me. By the time we get to 2020, Donald Trump may not even be President. In fact, he may not even be a free person."
Declaring she is not afraid of a “hard fight”, Senator Elizabeth Warren told her rally, “Sure, there will be plenty of doubters and cowards and armchair critics this time around. But we learned a long time ago that you don’t get what you don’t fight for.”
Warren said, "The fight to build an America where dreams are possible, an America that works for everyone. I am in that fight all the way. And that is why I stand here today: to declare that I am a candidate for President of the United States of America.”
Warren told the crowd, “It won’t be enough to just undo the terrible acts of this administration. We can’t afford to just tinker around the edges – a tax credit here, a regulation there. Our fight is for big, structural change. This is the fight of our lives"
Senator Elizabeth Warren, at a rally outside a mill in Lawrence, Massachusetts, has officially announced she is running for the Democratic nomination for President.
The backdrop for the Elizabeth Warren announcement - the old Everett Mills in Lawrence, MA, site of a major labor strike in 1912 led mostly by immigrant women https://t.co/1iskiIkNiN
Former mayor and currentSenator Cory Booker doing a little positioning tonight in Iowa City, telling event “I’m one of the few people you’re going to see coming through Iowa that actually had to run something.”    (From @DJJudd in Iowa)
RT @Phil_Mattingly: .@mkraju is going to track you down in the hall anyway, so just walking right up to him and shaking is hand is probably…
2020 candidates or possibles who have called for Virginia Lt. Gov. Fairfax to resign in last few hours: Booker, Warren, Gillibrand, Harris, Sanders, Castro, Hickenlooper, McAuliffe
RT @Kevinliptakcnn: And the corporate travel offices thought it would be an early Friday https://t.co/Fno3auBRCA
Senators Elizabeth Warren and Kirsten Gillibrand also have now called for Virginia Lt. Gov. Justin Fairfax to resign.
The Democratic presidential candidate traveling in Iowa tweeted,  “The multiple detailed allegations against the Lt. Gov. of Virginia are  deeply troubling. They are serious, credible, and corroborated by  others. It is no longer appropriate for him to serve. He should resign"
After another accuser has come forward, Senator Cory Booker has called for Virginia Lt. Gov. Justin Fairfax to step down.
The situation has ended at the DC apartment building. No explosive device was found. The man who made the threat during the Secret Service investigation is at the hospital, being treated for self-inflicted knife wound
Police tell our Adrianne Winston that one person was transported with a self inflicted stab wound. They are now checking a suspicious package left at the scene. Law enforcement with Secret Service was first at the building this morning - still awaiting word on why. https://t.co/Ud0a8DD8G4
The bomb squad has arrived at the apartment building. People being cleared for a block around the scene at 1st Street and K Street in northeast DC. It is a Secret Service scene https://t.co/AX5WRWuxNk
Residents have been told to evacuate a DC apartment building near Capitol Hill. Police and Secret Service are on scene . They were here around noon and large presence has returned. No word yet the reason https://t.co/IDMNckSPNE
RT @Phil_Mattingly: to remind folks there was once a time when Michigan was able to beat Ohio State? https://t.co/CnUKG4oFzs
RT @Phil_Mattingly: i've watched an awful lot of hearings in my 12 years here and i'm...pretty sure i've never seen that before... https://…
Congratulations to one of the smartest and most innovative journalists around. https://t.co/bHONaDW3DB
When will @dougmillsnyt publish a book of his photographs? I will be first in line https://t.co/qFmSCHHcWu
Beyond politics — watching Holocaust survivor Joshua Kaufman help American hero Irving Locker, who helped liberate a concentration camp, sit down after they honored was a powerful moment.
RT @jaketapper: Here’s more on that amazing girl POTUS just introduced, Grace Eline, a cancer survivor at 10 https://t.co/gtmjv8cSZr
President Trump tells the nation “An economic miracle is taking place in the United States, and the only thing that can stop it are foolish wars, politics or ridiculous partisan investigations. If there is going to be peace and legislation, there cannot be war and investigation"
The president will say "No issue better illustrates the divide between America’s working class and America’s political class than illegal immigration.  Wealthy politicians and donors push for open borders while living their lives behind walls and gates and guards. "
President Trump in excerpt released of tonight's address:  "As a candidate for President, I pledged a new approach.  Great nations do not fight endless wars"
RT @leylasantiago: Oprah: what do you know for sure about immigration?	Beto: I know for sure that this is a country of immigrants.
Beto O'Rourke tells Oprah Winfrey he will make his decision on running in 2020 "really soon"..by the end of this month   (fixes word)
Beto O'Rourke tells Oprah Winfrey he will make his decision on running by 2020 "really soon...by the end of this month"
Sen. Elizabeth Warren, asked by @mkraju about allegation against Lt. Gov. Justin Fairfax, said she doesn’t know all the details, "“We will learn more about that but it doesn’t change the fact that Northam needs to resign.”
Sen. Elizabeth Warrens tells @mkraju of Gov. Northam "he admitted to enough involvement with racial stereotypes that he’s disqualified himself as governor and he should resign.”
RT @washingtonpost: Because knowing empowers us.	Knowing helps us decide.	Knowing keeps us free.	#democracydiesindarkness	https://t.co/j20M…
@AlexParkerDC This is first presidential campaign with candidates younger than me. It freaked me out slightly
We all had 3-0 at the half, right?
@leadinglatte you can borrow my brown paper bag when i'm done hyperventilating
@leighmunsil what's wrong with adult men wearing football jerseys? (um, asking for a friend)
President Trump's golf partner today: Acting Chief of Staff Mick Mulvaney
Former Gov. Douglas Wilder now says Northam needs to step down https://t.co/QgkT0z8159
All 3 last night had stopped short of saying Northam needed to step down. They now say they no longer believe he can effectively serve
Senators Tim Kaine and Mark Warner, and Rep. Bobby Scott say in statement that, after the news conference, Gov. Northam must resign
Important - the Virginia Legislative Black Caucus is not moved by Gov. Northam’s explanation. They said in statement as news conference is still underway “we amplify our call” for him to resign
Governor Northam will make a statement to reporters at 2:30pm at the governor’s mansion in Richmond
What Gov. Northam said just 17 hours ago in statement: “I am deeply sorry for the decision I made to appear as I did on this photo".  	                                                        There is no ambiguity in that wording.
Bizarre twist in Richmond: a top Virginia Democrat tells @ryanobles that Gov. Northam is now saying he believes it is not him in the photo, through he acknowledged in statement last night it was. The source says Northam is saying he won’t resign.
President Trump is golfing this morning at his course in Jupiter, Florida with Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods
In the last half hour, Gov. Ralph Northam has lost the support on the Democratic caucuses in both Houses of the Virginia legislature. The Senate Democratic Caucus joined the House Caucus in calling for his resignation, leaving him with no support in the legislature.
He said, "This behavior is not in keeping with who I am today and the values I have fought for throughout my career in the military, in medicine, and in public service. But I want to be clear, I understand how this decision shakes Virginians’ faith in that commitment."
Virginia Democratic Gov. Ralph Northam admits he was in the racially offensive yearbook photo, and apologized for “the decision I made to appear as I did in this photo and for the hurt that decision caused then and now.”
Lots of mics in place for Cory Booker’s media availability near his home in Newark https://t.co/Ky6gI4bLKA
@DavidWright_CNN @MarshallCohen @merica @ryanobles @burlij We would like to dispute some inaccurate characterizations in the above tweet
@nataliejohnsonn It was Colonel Mustard...in the kitchen....with a gavel
A senior administration official said that acts of intimidation against Guaido and his family were “egregious” and would be met with consequences, though didn’t detail what those might be.
This from @Kevinliptakcnn:   The US is expressing “grave concern” over reports that members of Juan Guaido’s family were intimidated Thursday by extralegal paramilitary forces in Venezuela.
President Trump on differences with his intelligence chiefs: ""I have great respect for a lot of people, but I don't always agree with everybody", says "time will prove me right".  (updates word in quote)
At Arizona State event, a member of the audience tells Howard Schultz, "two words...Ralph Nader" after hearing his answer of why he may run as an independent. Schultz tells her I won't be "a spoiler".
RT @porszag: The effect of surviving the Holocaust or POW camp on future life expectancy - it's more complicated than you might think....	h…
(2/2)"...that’s why he’s there and I think he has done a tremendous job in supporting a lot of the things that people of faith really care about.”
White House press secretary Sara Sanders in an interview with CBN said ": “I think God calls all of us to fill different roles at different times and I think that he wanted Donald Trump to become president, and ... (more)
@DJJudd DJ, please don't read anything into us assigning you to a trip today where it's cold enough they are waiting for frozen bottles to explode.....
Rep. Eric Swalwell tells @AnnieGrayerCNN  on his 2020 deliberations,  "I’m close to making a decision. I’ll be in  New Hampshire tomorrow so  I’m excited for that." He says "I don’t feel  the rush to get in right now."
Amending that Mayor Peter Buttigieg is in office in South Bend until end of the year https://t.co/rowc5arZ8X
note the asterisk : 		*except sports https://t.co/83hX4u9nvo
Beto O'Rourke's name was cut off on the tweet. O'Rourke is on the awaiting decisions list
Awaiting decisions from (among others)	   	  Joe Biden	  Bernie Sanders	  Cory Booker	  Amy Klobuchar	  Sherrod Brown	  Michael Bloomberg	  Eric Holder	  John Hickenlooper	  Jay Inslee	  Michael Bennet	  Jeff Merkley	  Eric Swalwell	  Terry McAuliffe	  John Kerry
Announced exploratory committee:   		  Elizabeth Warren	  Kirsten Gillibrand	  Pete Buttigieg	   	  Announced they are running:  	 	  Kamala Harris	  Julian Castro	  Tulsi Gabbard	  John Delaney	  Andrew Yang	  Marianne Williamson
Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti, who had been considering entering an increasingly crowded Democratic primary field, announced tonight he will not run for president in 2020.
Collins stopped short of saying she thought she would endorse him before the 2020 election, telling Judy Woodruff “I don’t know. I’m going to have to see what happens between now and then, and look at what his record is.”
Republican Senator Susan Collins in an interview on PBS Newshour, asked if she was prepared to endorse President Trump for re-election, said “I’m not prepared at this point to make that decision” (more)
RT @njapsell: Kerry Bishe: love that physicist @JannaLevin has no problem w/the movie Gravity bc of the exploration #Sundance2019 https://t…
RT @njapsell: #Sundance19 moderator Paula Apsell @mamanova panel on science impact on film/culture w/ @heather_berlin @JannaLevin @SevOhani…
RT @njapsell: #Sundance2019 @mamanova asking filmmaker @SevOhanian about how tech is portrayed in his film Searching https://t.co/Jp0yFgNjef
RT @njapsell: Kerry Bishe (star of Halt and Catch Fire) tells @mamanova : Science literacy should be a cultural norm #Sundance2019 https://…
RT @njapsell: Brilliant neuropsychologist @heather_berlin : I wanted to be a scientist since 5 yrs old to understand my thoughts https://t.…
RT @njapsell: Genius scientist @JannaLevin tells @mamanova : it's a relief to see more diverse portrayals of scientists in film https://t.c…
RT @jaketapper: Hundreds attend funeral of veteran without known family @edlavaCNN reports @TheLeadCNN https://t.co/Mj4jVnYlQu
@NWSAtlanta @albarnett1958 It must be Super Bowl week in Atlanta....
President Trump is scheduled to join Vice President Mike Pence for an event for his leadership PAC, Great America Committee, at Trump International Hotel tonight, per two people familiar. (from @kaitlancollins and @betsy_klein )
Whitaker: " I am comfortable that the decisions that were made are going to be reviewed through the various means we have. But, right now the investigation is, I think, close to being completed. And, I hope that we can get the report from Director Mueller as soon as possible"
Acting AG Whitaker said, "I've been fully briefed on the investigation. I look forward to Director Mueller delivering the final report. I really am not going to talk about an open, ongoing investigation"
Acting Attorney General Mark Whitaker tells reporters he’s been “fully briefed” on Mueller investigation and investigation is “close to being completed”
@CNNPR @byrdinator we knew we'd love Haley just based on the House chamber photo at the top of her Twitter page
The longest ever shutdown of the U.S. government is over.	   	  President Trump tonight signed the continuing resolution that provides funding until February 15th.	   	  The bill was signed in private tonight, without reporters present.
RT @AlliemalCNN: This.... is something. https://t.co/VcWmXDtkEW
@greta Greta, i have great respect for you. But please read the account of how this happened. https://t.co/nQuFkSiEul
Kaitlan and Phil report once it's passed, lawmakers would have three weeks to reach an agreement that addresses President Trump's border wall funding request.  If they don't reach a deal, President Trump is expected to say he'll invoke a national emergency.
From Phil and Kaitlan:  the deal would be a CR for three weeks, which would include the current level of fencing and wall repair money ($1.3 billion for the year.)  There are still issues over the backpay provisions that any agreement would include, one source says. (more)
President Trump will speak at 1:30pm in the Rose Garden
Negotiators moving toward an agreement on a deal to re-open the government, but it has not received final sign off from all sides, two sources say. Schumer is in direct talks with the White House over finalizing the language. from @kaitlancollins and @Phil_Mattingly
After a meeting, Senator Lindsey Graham tells reporters Majority Leader McConnell is “going to let the White House figure out what move they want to make.” He says McConnell is “waiting to see what  the White House wants to do”.
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders says “the President has been briefed and we are monitoring the ongoing delays at some airports.” She says the White House is in “regular contact” with the Department of Transportstion and the FAA.
the dog's tail never stopped wagging. he seemed impressed. https://t.co/1kFRqqFxHx
i am surprisingly sad to see this... https://t.co/s6dgZ9wxAv
Schumer has now arrived in McConnell's office - no comments
coming this June	https://t.co/3MQaAAiovj
Whatever President Trump does next Tuesday night, it will not be his State of the Union address. The president just tweeted it is Speaker Nancy Pelosi’s prerogative to change her mind on the invitation and  “I will do the Address when the Shutdown is over.”
RT @DJJudd: The best part of running around Capitol Hill today was running into another network’s producer, who asked, “Shouldn’t you be in…
RT @joshscampbell: Terrible news. Praying for @BretBaier (one of the absolute very best) and the Baier family. https://t.co/iQWwYRXXV1
@BarstoolUMiami @politiCOHEN_ please....no comparison. was clearly a defensive hold, and late flag does not = a bad flag
RT @SteveScully: The latest ⁦@cspanwj⁩ @cspan  extensive damage on 8th floor of 400 North CAPITOL.  ⁦@FoxNewsSunday⁩ moved to WTTG Fox 5. ⁦…
like someone, or admire someone, or they’re part of your team, it’s not okay, it’s just not, and I feel strongly about it and its painful. It’s painful for me it’s painful for a lot of us. But enough was enough. "
(updated word) She said, "His decision was to resign. My decision was not to remain silent and you have to stand up for what’s right, especially when it’s hard. And if you create a pass because you love someone, or you...
to forcibly kiss a woman without her consent, it’s not okay for Al Franken, and it’s not okay for you, and I could not be ambiguous about that"
Gillibrand on her Franken decision said her 15 year son asked her at time, "Mom, why are you being so mean to Al Franken? And I had to be very clear with him as a mother: Its not okay to grope a woman anywhere on her body without her consent, it’s not ok.
A senior Democratic House aide told @jaketapper “Similar inadequate offers from the Administration were already rejected by Democrats..This is not a compromise as it includes the same wasteful, ineffective $5.7 billion wall demand that shut down the government in the first place"
President Trump said "his is not a 2,000 mile concrete structure from sea to sea. These are steel barriers in high priority locations". Playing off a Speaker Pelosi comment, said “Walls are not immoral, they're actually the opposite of immoral because they will save lives.”
President Trump from the Diplomatic Reception Room called his proposal "straightforward, fair, reasonable" and a “common sense compromise both parties should embrace
The president in the Diplomatic Reception Room (from the pool cuts camera) https://t.co/KlmR5nxKcY
Speaker Pelosi on expected proposal from the President: "It is unlikely that any one of these provisions alone would pass the House, and taken together, they are a non-starter."
Senator Kirsten Gillibrand on her first day on the campaign trail in Iowa,  asked  by a voter about being the first Democratic Senator to speak out against Al Franken, said “His decision was to resign. My design was not to remain silent.”
The White House says President Trump and lead North Koreans negotiator Kim Yong Chol discussed a “a second summit, which will take place near the end of February” in their Oval Office meeting.
President Trump is meeting in the Oval Office right now with North Korea lead negotiator Kim Yong Chol. Kim also came to the Oval Office on June 1st, before the announcement the first summit was back on
New statement from Trump attorney Rudy Giuliani on the Buzzfeed story. He says "any suggestion – from any source – that the President counseled Michael Cohen to lie is categorically false". That is the first direct denial of the allegations in the report
RT @betsy_klein: Not now, Apple Watch https://t.co/RkXDVIba3M
On a day the Congressional delegation trip was canceled and US delegation trip to Davos was called off, First Lady Melania Trump has just landed in West Palm Beach on an Air Force version of a 757 https://t.co/luKDJ7jV4p
@loveryanbitch he was surprisingly serene about what his friend just did to him....
RT @vplus: Still unfolding live on CNN: https://t.co/v8vAmYUBeI
RT @Kevinliptakcnn: Has this bizarre, immediately debunked denial of a true story ever been explained? The TSA sick-out story was true from…
From @kaitlancollins and @Kevinliptakcnn : There are no current plans to reverse President Trump’s decision to begin withdrawing US troops from Syria, two US officials said on Wednesday after an attack in Manbij left four Americans dead.
One additional update: the 4th person killed n the Syria attack was a Department of Defense civilian employee
Update: the Pentagon now confirms 4 Americans were killed...2 US service members and 2 contractors. 3 other US service members were hurt
Central Command says at least 3 Americans were killed in the attack in Syria: Two US service members, and a DoD contractor. A 4th person, a contractor, was killed - but the nationality hasn't been released. 3 US service members were hurt.
On day ISIS is claiming responsibility for the deadly attack in Syria, Vice President Pence said in speech at State Department a few minutes ago “The caliphate has crumbled and ISIS has been defeated.”
Before today, our Pentagon team says only 2 US service members had been killed in action in Syria since start of the operation in 2014
The US military now confirms American service members were killed today in the attack while on patrol in Syria. Exact numbers not yet announced. The president has been briefed on the attack
2020 Dems so far:		 Exploratory committee:  	 	  Sen. Elizabeth Warren 	  Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand	   	  Announced candidacy:   		  Julian Castro 	  Rep. Tulsi Gabbard 	  Rep. John Delaney 	  Also: former WV House candidate Richard Ojeda
RT @willripleyCNN: The source adds North Korea’s ex-spy chief Kim Yong Chol could visit Washington as soon as this week to finalize details…
RT @kaitlancollins: News: Due to the government shutdown, President Trump is personally paying for the meals that will be provided to the C…
@ryanobles To the Nobles children: your snowman looks great. Do not listen to Kevin!
Houston's Bush Intercontinental Airport says it is closing Terminal B's TSA checkpoint "because of staffing issues" related to the government shutdown.
Snowing again. Safe to say ⁦@betsy_klein⁩ and ⁦@kaitlancollins⁩ ,who have endured multiple flight cancelations trying to get to New Orleans for the President’s speech, are not as enamored with the snowstorm as I am. https://t.co/fTmvNisncA
Ok, snow has its charm here https://t.co/pKEWOJpIi8
RT @jdawsey1: "I haven't actually left the White House in months," Trump says. What?
Sanders said, 'Unlike President Obama, who let Russia and other foreign adversaries push America around, President Trump has actually been tough on Russia.”	 	(from our Liz Stark at the White House)
In a strongly worded reaction to the NYT report, White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said tonight, “This is absurd. James Comey was fired because he’s a disgraced partisan hack, and his Deputy Andrew McCabe, who was in charge at the time, is a known liar fired by the FBI."
"I''m leaving early tonight," he declared confidentially, seconds before he casually glanced at the news alert flashing on his screen.
President Trump during border security roundtable on the wall or barrier said, "They can name it whatever. They can name it peaches.  I don’t care what they name it. But we need money for that barrier."
RT @abbydphillip: Absolutely zero sense of urgency as 800k Americans go without paychecks. https://t.co/847uX6zSnN
President Trump was engaged in a phone call, visible through the window of Marine One just before leaving Joint Base Andrews
@betsy_klein NOLA &gt; Davos
Former Trump lawyer Michael Cohen will testify before the House Oversight Committee on February 7th. His testimony will be in public,
The temperature is still in the upper 40's, but a few small ice pellets fell in a little rain shower near Capitol Hill. Well, it is January....
RT @nataliejohnsonn: I just watched a congressman fake pick up a phone call with the lock screen still on before walking past a press gaggl…
Activity on both sides on Pennsylvania Avenue tomorrow. President Trump will go to the Capitol for the Senate GOP lunch. He then returns to the White House to meet with bipartisan Congressional leaders in the afternoon. (per our @Phil_Mattingly)
Will any poll jump Ohio State to #2 after this performance by Alabama?
Atlanta is always beautiful at dusk https://t.co/NQ5Q1h4qBz
DCA✈️ATL. Always great to return to my old stomping grounds, the CNN Center https://t.co/zc5ODmb7Ux
RT @mike_e_kaye: Hurns wore No. 17 for the victims of the Stoneman Douglas shooting, was universally adored by teammates at Miami and was p…
RT @CNNPR: Congrats to @CNN @OutfrontCNN, @ErinBurnett, @TheLeadCNN, @jaketapper, @BrookeBCNN for all ranking #1 in cable news in key demo…
@Gigasrex @jaketapper Nope, no correction, two Jakes!I figure the world recognizes our amazing anchor. I was just crediting our photojournalist in Iowa who did the live shot, Jake Carpenter.
@GoCharlotte2016 @mj_lee @DJJudd @CarolynSungCNN Two jakes! I figure everyone recognizes our amazing anchor. I was giving a shoutout to Jake Carpenter, our photojournalist who shot the live shot.
For those asking, @jakeacarpenter is our Chicago Bureau photojournalist who shot the Iowa live shot.
President Trump notifies Congress that US has deployed 80 US troops to Libreville, Gabon, to be in position to assist US citizens, personnel, and diplomatic facilities in Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo if violent protests over elections threaten security
The first Iowa live shot of the cycle. ⁦@mj_lee⁩ ⁦@DJJudd⁩ ⁦@CarolynSungCNN⁩ and Jake Carpenter https://t.co/Czs4hPso6t
That’s ⁦@betsy_klein⁩ and ⁦@abbydphillip⁩ on the left of the media mob at the White House stakeout https://t.co/vIJ6Zbx7JE
Friday's meeting with President Trump and the Congressional leaders will again be held in the Situation Room
House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer accidentally said wrong time for the White House meeting with President Trump and Congressional leaders. Speaker Nancy Pelosi corrected him, and joked “Well he told me 11:30. Maybe the real meeting is at 10 with the men or something”
RT @betsy_klein: Still photographers ran to secure their spots. TV crews rushed to turn on, focus and color balance cameras and wire up cor…
The White House has called this a briefing. But the president took no questions, and press secretary Sarah Sanders has not returned to the podium.
President Trump’s first appearance in the White House briefing room. (He popped his head in doorway the day of the NK meeting announcement, but first time at podium) https://t.co/xgSnV9hZzD
The Dow will close today down about 659 points
RT @Kevinliptakcnn: "The 60 Minutes team was contacted by the Egyptian Ambassador shortly after and told the interview could not be aired.…
RT @KateBennett_DC: Speaking of ladies ... check out this group getting it done for @CNN White House team 💪🏻 (via @betsy_klein: @AlliemalCN…
RT @JDiamond1: Trump, while talking about Afghanistan: "I think I would've been a good general, but who knows."
you performed with a Dwayne Haskins-like precision, Phil https://t.co/e0L76OHQxA
RT @stoiawsyx6: Rose Bowl champions. @OSUCoachMeyer talks with his team. A good message for all of us! #leadership #BuckeyeNation https://t…
@ralphDrussoAP How do you put a 2 loss Oklahoma that gave up 56 in regulation against WV ahead of Ohio State?
Could the Buckeyes end up #2 in the country if someone is not very impressive in the title game?
RT @MattGlenesk: Tyler Trent will never be forgotten. An inspiration to all.		https://t.co/hBRFP8lxgC
Mitt Romney, days before he enters the US Senate, says in a scathing op-ed in the Washington Post tonight that President Trump’s “conduct over the past two years, particularly his actions this month, is evidence that the president has not risen to the mantle of the office.”
Amazing thing here is how quickly and coolly Uga got the heck away. those little legs moved fast https://t.co/Q9z19zVEWK
The Ohio State team we've seen against Michigan and Washington belonged in the playoff.
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Not used to working on a game day/not being allowed to wear my lucky shirt. This tie better come through. 	(Either way,…
RT @merica: .@NoahGrayCNN makes his St. Barts debut https://t.co/ojDT8CJWiV
The U.S. Strategic Command has apologized for the New Year’s tweet, saying it was “in poor taste” and “does not reflect our values.”
US Strategic Command has now deleted their New Year's tweet...
@_JulieGallagher darn. i was going to say learned to tie my shoes properly...not to pick against Alabama...and not to eat newsroom pizza without asking how old it was. but yours is a little more impressive
RT @betsy_klein: 2018 took me around the world and back — Mexico, South Africa, Singapore, Japan, Belgium, UK, Finland, Italy, Slovenia, Fr…
The tweet included a sizzle reel that shows a B2 bomber deploying some sort of precision weapons that ends with a large explosion. 		 https://t.co/ZLKqbVHZp1
Unusual New Year's Eve video: Barbara Starr notes US Strategic Command, which controls the launch of US nuclear weapons, tweeted today, "TimesSquare tradition rings in the #NewYear by dropping the big ball...if ever needed, we are #ready to drop something much, much bigger.”
Elizabeth Warren becomes the highest profile Democrat so far to publicly take a step towards a 2020 bid - announcing she is forming a presidential exploratory committee
RT @nytimes: Nancy Grace Roman was NASA's first chief astronomer, first woman in a leadership position and oversaw early planning for the H…
nothing yet from the White House, but this could be significant https://t.co/PeoZBQOEbl
Sen. Lindsey Graham says the president is "open minded" on idea to end shutdown that might include $5 billion for border security and a barrier in exchange for legislative changes for the DACA and TPS populations. (from @Kevinliptakcnn )
Sen. Graham talking to reporters outside the White House after 2 hour lunch with President Trump
Thank you to Purdue and Michigan for forgetting to show up to their Bowl games...undercutting Ohio State’s playoff argument, and feeding the ridiculous SEC/Big Ten narrative. @Phil_Mattingly
Quite a foggy Friday night in downtown Washington. Capitol can't be seen from just a few blocks away. The White House is barely visible from the camera  across Lafayette Park.
Pence, Mulvaney and Kushner were the negotiators for the WH on the Hill a week ago tonight. Pence and Mulvaney met with Sen. Democratic Leader Schumer on Saturday
President Trump is at the Naval Observatory this hour, having dinner with    with Vice President Pence, acting Chief of Staff Mick Mulvaney and senior adviser Jared Kushner.
Maine Gov. LePage certifies the Congressonal election -- with a little notation of his own	  https://t.co/mOEyRPMQvS
RT @sarahcwestwood: Such a tragic loss. @Bre_payton was a wonderful person. https://t.co/jDao9EoY54
RT @JackPosobiec: Every one of us in the @OANN DC studio is in shock right now. 		Our prayers go out to our great friend @Bre_Payton and he…
RT @GenePark: This is exactly what an alien sitting at the 43rd Precinct Twitter computer disguised as a cop intern would tweet https://t.c…
@USMCNoggin @donlemon Crimson Tide? Blocked.	Good news is NYPD reports no injuries. Fire is under control. That was surreal
@USMCNoggin @donlemon A Con Ed electrical facility. There were some fires triggered by a transformer problem
@donlemon Sounds like incident at power plant in  Queens
Word tonight that the United States’ oldest living veteran of World War II,  Richard Overton, has passed away at the age of 112 in Austin, Texas
from @KateBennett_DC  First lady Melania Trump is on her way back to Palm Beach at this hour. “Mrs. Trump is going back to Florida to be with her son,” spokesperson Stephanie Grisham tells CNN.
RT @joshscampbell: Fascinating story about the amateur photographer and airplane enthusiast in England who helped uncover a secret presiden…
@politiCOHEN_ blasphemer
@_sophieeer @bcuban i can't tell which one is happier. the puppy's tail is going crazy!
The President and First Lady in the Christmas Eve service at National Cathedral https://t.co/0HKevZf0Yf
President and Mrs. Trump are attending Christmas Eve services at National Cathedral in Northwest Washington. They are seated in the front pew.
The Bushes spent Christmas at Camp David. The Obamas went to Hawaii. President Trump and Mrs. Trump were at Mar-a-lago last year, and are in DC in late change of plans because of the government shutdown.
Christmas at the White House is a rarity. @Kevinliptakcnn tells us the last President to spend Christmas there was Bill Clinton, 18 years ago. On Xmas Eve 2000, the Clintons attended midnight mass at the National Cathedral. Clinton also did last minute shopping at Union Station
President Trump, asked about the government shutdown at the end of the Santa Tracker photo op, said “Nothing new, nothing new on the shutdown. nothing new. Except we need border security”.
RT @Kevinliptakcnn: Trump Administration efforts at stabilizing Wall Street appear to fail as Dow plunges 650+ points and S&amp;P enters a bear…
RT @jaketapper: Simcha Rotem, last surviving fighter in Warsaw Ghetto Uprising, dies at 94 | The Times of Israel https://t.co/4Vq7CsmSuU
President Trump replacing Mattis effective next week. Mattis has planned to stay on job until end of February https://t.co/i2zua14nVY
VP Pence as he left Senator Schumer's office said "we are still talking".
There are no plans as of now for Vice President Pence to meet with House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi, Kristen Holmes reports (fixes word)
Vice President Pence is at the Capitol and meeting with Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer. A Schumer aide says it’s at the request of the White House. (From @tedbarrettcnn)
Our @Phil_Mattingly says members of the House Freedom Caucus will at the lunch in the White House residence
We don’t know who will be at the lunch with the president. Among those not going: McConnell, Schumer, Pelosi and Hoyer (from @Phil_Mattingly and @TheOtherKeppler)
So far, no word who the “large group” includes, or if any lawmakers will be there https://t.co/w2hJzEvR32
It is the third government shutdown of the year, the first time that has happened since 1977.
The government of the United States is now partially shut down, as a midnight deadline to continue funding it passed without a new spending bill in place.
the best part of this is the little one asking "what is he doing'? https://t.co/QONdWVbT8M
The White House has now called a "lid" for the night, meaning we will not see or hear from the President tonight
The government will partially shut down at midnight tonight, the first time in 40 years it have been closed three times in a year. With the House and Senate adjourned, there is no mechanism in place for a vote tonight, even if an 11th hour deal is reached.
RT @abbydphillip: In other news, my pup is a graduate of puppy school! https://t.co/Xxe0EZvy6E
Barbara Starr, Ryan Browne and Kaitlan Collins report Sec. Mattis decided to go to the White House to discuss his concerns with Syria and try to change the President’s mind and but was unable to, he then resigned, according to a defense official and a White House official.
Mattis in resignation letter: "While the US remains the indispensable nation in the free world, we cannot protect our interests or serve that role effectively without maintaining strong alliances and showing respect to those allies"
Retired General Stanley McChrystal to @jimsciutto: "“the kind of leadership that causes a dedicated patriot like Jim Mattis to leave should give pause to every American.”
RT @PhilipRucker: It's hard to overstate the magnitude of Mattis's resignation. The world viewed him as the rock. As crazy as things appear…
RT @kaitlancollins: There isn't a single word of praise for Trump in Mattis's resignation letter.
Sec. Mattis in letter of resignation: "Because you have the right to a Secretary of Defense whose views are better aligned with yours on these and other subjects, I believe it is right for me to step down from my position”   From Barbara Starr and Ryan Browne
Barbara Starr is reporting this is a resignation by Sec. Mattis, not just a retirement
RT @kaitlancollins: We reported last night that Trump is becoming very sensitive to criticism he’s backing off the border wall. He’s watchi…
@mikesisak or Steven
RT @jeffzeleny: Six hours after President Trump announced his Syria decision via Twitter, administration officials are only now having a co…
President Trump, who did not make any appearances today to face questions on the issue, has released a White House-produced video on his decision to withdraw troops from Syria, saying “Now we’ve won. It’s time to come back
President Trump explaining decision to soon pull US troops out of Syria https://t.co/aoRokEdrCH
RT @betsy_klein: you have to read this from @JDiamond1 and @arogDC https://t.co/0185LwGQmx
The House is expected to vote Thursday on the Senate version, and it will go the President for his signature before the end of the week
The Senate tonight overwhelmingly passed a major prison reform bill aimed at easing sentences for non-violent offenders, reducing recidivism, and making other changes to criminal justice system. The vote was 87-12.  from @tedbarrettcnn  , @Phil_Mattingly  and @KilloughCNN
Pres. Trump told reporters it's too early to say whether there will be a partial government shutdown at the end of this week		Sen. McConnell, was unequivocal when asked if he was sure one could be avoided: “Yes, I’m sure.”		(with @Kevinliptakcnn and @Phil_Mattingly  )
Amy Klobuchar on 2020 in New Yorker: "I have been talking to people in my state and people around the country about it. I think that there are a lot of good people considering this, but I do think you want voices from the Midwest."
The two officers struck by the train in Chicago while chasing a gunman have died of their injuries.
RT @njapsell: https://t.co/rdpGIKL5nO
Terrible story tonight in Chicago: two Chicago Police officers investigating shots fired near the tracks on the south side were struck by a commuter train. News conference in a few minutes
A 30-candidate primary suddenly seems a little less unruly https://t.co/A4WOIRsE6Y
From our live camera overlooking Capitol Hill. (Almost makes up for the miserable weekend weather) https://t.co/aP8en93K0V
Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn, asked if a deal to keep the full government open by the Friday night deadline was possible, said “I don’t know.  But as I said before, it’s Christmas, magical things happen.”  (from our Ted Barrett)
Comey told reporters, “this is the President of the United of the United States calling a witness, who has cooperated with his own Justice Department a rat. Say that again to yourself at home and remind yourself where we have ended up”
Former FBI Director James Comey criticized President Trump calling Michael Cohen a “rat” for his cooperation with prosecutors, saying “it undermines the rule of law”.
@LexAlexander see, that's what i told them, no one bought it
i did early morning pool duty when the president returned from Buenos Aires.  But it turned out my most important function for our team that day was taking care of a giant (i mean giant) bug that ran into our booth at 6am. https://t.co/ll8GKMncWP
Read to the end for how Grant handled his court appearance... https://t.co/zA0qDDhrX3
@politiCOHEN_ Welcome home! You picked a good 4 days to be away
Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, asked by Van Jones if she was bothered the top 3 in the national poll were white men, flatly said "yes"
RT @Edelman11: In Remembrance.  בזיכרון עץ חיים	#StrongerThanHate		Joyce Feinberg	Richard Gottfried	Rose Mallinger	Jerry Rabinowitz	Cecil R…
@alisonkmain Billy Bob Thornton was a great US president in that scene
I am no longer complaining about the cold rain in DC all weekend, after being reminded this could have been a 20-30 inch snowfall.
RT @MarshallCohen: Fact check		1. This is obvious but the FBI didn’t “break into” anything. They executed court-approved search warrants.…
Iowa Poll: First poll of likely caucusgoers finds Biden, Sanders, O'Rourke atop the field - CNNPolitics https://t.co/QzmsDPbVaQ
Pretty sure that was a penalty, but who's going to call it on him? https://t.co/gBIym4k6c2
John King had a great graphic on Inside Politics on how much these early numbers really meant in 2016 (front runner Jeb Bush, #2 Chris Christie....and Donald Trump at 3 percent when he entered). Still, fun to see the starting point. https://t.co/gFAT0bRsrZ
My mom will be so proud I am finally an overachiever https://t.co/v93MXVgHeb
Congratulations to @ToTheVictor , named this week to the national board of the @spj_tweets
RT @mkraju: Hatch dismisses allegations of Trump crimes over hush money.	Asked if he had any concerns, Hatch said: “The Democrats will do a…
There's a lid at the White House with no presidential appearances tonight. (Remember the old days when there would be a briefing on a weekday with no events?)
President Trump, with cadets in front of and midshipmen behind, crosses the field at the 50 yard at halftime - a presidential tradition at Army-Navy https://t.co/2a4efH2c1w
President Trump arrives outside Lincoln Financial Field https://t.co/S1EabGpeHZ
@clayjohanson @EWErickson Philadelphia International Airport today
Air Force One tipping its wing as it flew by Army-Navy game https://t.co/qvsJ26FzRJ
Air Force One flew by Lincoln Financial Field, tipped its wing as the President neared the Army-Navy game https://t.co/oVSsvae6OA
Our live location in Philadelphia outside the Army-Navy game. The president, on an especially interesting day, arrives here in about an hour and will do the coin toss https://t.co/kxwAGBt9Co
President Trump denies to reporters that he directed Michael Cohen to make payments
President Trump makes it official that Chief of Staff John Kelly is leaving - “retiring” - at the end of the year
@betsy_klein That’s a pretty cool wing in that shot, too...
Our Liz Stark notes while he met with  his future ex-Sec of State Tillerson before the game, his current Sec of State Pompeo attended the game with him .
President Trump last attended the Army-Navy game as President-elect. That day in 2016, he met with Rex Tillerson just before leaving for Baltimore. Among those who went with him to the game that year: his now-lawyer Rudy Giuliani, and Michael Flynn.
@RebeccaShabad In 2016
President Trump today becomes the 10th Commander in Chief to attend the Army-Navy game. The first president to do so was Teddy Roosevelt in 1901 - in a game like today also played in Philadelphia
my first job... https://t.co/o8n0cxUoAr
WH press secretary Sarah Sanders: "  The government’s filings in Mr. Cohen’s case tell us nothing of value that wasn’t already known.  Mr. Cohen has repeatedly lied and as the prosecution has pointed out to the court, Mr. Cohen is no hero.”
White House reaction: "The government’s filing in Mr. Manafort’s case says absolutely nothing about the President. It says even less about collusion and is devoted almost entirely to lobbying-related issues. Once again the media is trying to create a story where there isn’t one"
In remarkable comments about his former Secretary of State, President Trump forcefully lashed out at Rex Tillerson after last night’s interview, calling him “dumb as a rock” and “lazy as hell
The Dow is now down 620 points for the day as we near 3pm
President Trump made reference to "right here in St. Louis" in speech. Unfortunately, he's in Kansas City
Final shift report for Timberwolf’s detail. Agents were with him for 38 years, non-stop, from his vice presidential nomination to College Station. https://t.co/Ffinl0wwKN
it's not targeting if he doesn't lead with his head https://t.co/lDYKrgg4qq
A US Marine Corps spokesman says one Marine has been rescued by the Japanese Self Defense Force after the crash of a C-130 and an FA-18 off the coast of Japan.
A US defense official says two Marine planes, a  C-130 and FA-18, crashed off the coast of Japan ...5 believed aboard C-130 and 2 on the F-18. Both crashed into the water. Search and rescue operations are underway
Jeff reports the flag-draped casket carrying President Bush will be placed in the staff cabin – with the seats removed - for the family to pay final respects during three hour flight to Ellington Field in Texas
Our @jeffzeleny tells us Chairman of Joint Chiefs Gen. Joseph Dunford will lead the honor guard at Joint Base Andrews, with the chief and chairs of every branch of service at his side.
A perfect moment: after tearful end to his eulogy, President Bush 43 tapped his father's casket as he returned to his seat.
RT @jeffzeleny: "A lion who not only led us, but who loved us. That's why he was spared," @jmeacham says in closing an exceptional eulogy t…
As he greeted the presidents and first ladies, President Bush 43 appeared to hand a candy to Michelle Obama, who normally is his seatmate at functions with the former presidents. He had handed her a cough drop during the Sen. McCain funeral
Yes, Mr. President. And the line has been hours long on a cold night https://t.co/98bkTB9cAd
In the sentencing memo, the special counsel says Michael Flynn assisted them “on a range of issues, including interactions between individuals in the Presidential Transition Team and Russia"
Flynn memo references 3 DOJ investigations: 1 “criminal investigation” is completely redacted, another is also completely redacted. Special counsel says he cooperated  with investigation into links or coordination between Russian government and members of Trump campaign
Much of the detail is redacted in the Flynn sentencing memo https://t.co/VHCbyGgVVg
Special Counsel Robert Mueller in sentencing memo for Michael Flynn says the former Trump national security adviser has provided "substantial assistance”, and does not ask for prison time
It was very somber as President Bush 43 and the family entered the Rotunda. But after moment with Bush 41’s casket, they greeted and hugged people and smiled. And there was this https://t.co/poKSO9AMRM
Video of the moment with Senator Dole https://t.co/lUdKudlbaD
RT @kaitlancollins: The administration is now firmly at odds with Republicans on MBS and Khashoggi. 	Trump: "Maybe he did and maybe he didn…
In a very emotional scene, former Senator Bob Dole was helped out of his wheelchair and saluted the casket of President Bush in the Capitol Rotunda moments ago.
Sully has brought so much attention this week, amid the sadness, to service dogs and help for disabled veterans.
@kevminlaw Seems fairly quick. Limited lines outside the visitors center to get into the longer lines at security. I’ve been here about 20 minutes and it’s moving. Guessing about an hour total
Lines outside the Capitol at 1am ET to pay respects to President Bush https://t.co/rBRm2ZdIiK
The sun as it sets over Washington is reflecting off the top of the President Bush’s hearse bearing the presidential seal https://t.co/3Snl4WJPpL
RT @CNNOpinion: .@JDWackrow, a former Secret Service agent, writes why his fellow agents admired George H.W. Bush so much: the late Preside…
A fourth U.S. service member has died from his injuries after the Nov. 27th attack in Afghanistan https://t.co/vnRQtMOhMH
President Bush 43 has posted on Sully, "As much as our family is going  to miss this dog, we’re comforted to know he’ll bring the same joy to  his new home, Walter Reed, that he brought to 41. "
The Air Force presidential 747 that will bring President Bush's casket to Washington, and then bavk home to Texas on his final flight will have the call sign "Special Air Mission 41".
Sully will travel tomorrow on the Air Force 747 (usually Air Force One)  with President Bush's casket. 		Jamie Gangel tells us he'll go on to help other veterans, likely at Walter Reed National Military Medical  Center. 		A very good boy, with a very good man https://t.co/bHufv4oQ5Z
RT @jaketapper: In 2002, CNN accompanied George H.W. Bush to the site of his harrowing plane crash in WWII  https://t.co/IbnWgJbx30
RT @PamSuranoKDKA: The crowd is growing outside Tree of Life Synagogue at the symbolic menorah lighting taking place for the beginning of H…
RT @brithume: On the night he was elected President, GHW Bush was watching the returns at a friend’s house in Houston. When the call came t…
Oklahoma - ok, i disagree but get.	I cannot understand how the committee puts a two-loss team that lost its biggest games and did not win his conference championship over a one-loss Big Ten champ.
On a rainy and foggy Sunday morning, President Trump will take a motorcade back to the White House after the Air Force One red eye from Buenos Aires. https://t.co/cMyQcKhrzt
That’s 17 touchdowns in the last 3 games for Haskins — against nation’s #1 defense in one and a tough defense tonight
Haskins for... https://t.co/p93rdxll8a
This is a playoff team.
President and Mrs. Bush with a puppy photo op in the Rose Garden https://t.co/9nZat4ISkO
President Trump says the 747 that is Air Force One on this trip will be sent to Houston after he returns to bring the casket carrying the body of President Bush 41 to Washington.
The Secret Service says goodbye to Timberwolf, who they protected for 38 years https://t.co/5NZ9RRUYuO
Last night, Bush 43 told his dad you were a wonderful father. Bush 41 responded, “I love you, too.” Those were his final words.                           (His last words, confirmed by Jamie, were reported in the New York Times).
Jamie Gangel reports President Bush 41 was asked yesterday if he wanted to go to the hospital. He said no, he was ready to go be with Barbara and Robin.
RT @peterbakernyt: Bush 41 ranted about my predecessor on the White House beat, Ann Devroy. But when she came down with cancer, he wrote he…
RT @KateBennett_DC: Barbara Bush used to sit on the steps of the South Portico at the White House, waiting for George Bush to return from t…
The flag at the White House lowered to half staff early this morning in honor of President George HW Bush https://t.co/70vWWGEbQM
In a White House statement from Buenos Aires, President Trump wrote, “Melania and I join with a grieving Nation to mourn the loss of former President George H.W. Bush, who passed away last night.”
Pres. Trump had made light of a Bush phrase, but in statement praised it, "Pres. Bush inspired generations of his fellow Americans to public service—to be, in his words, “a thousand points of light” illuminating the greatness, hope, and opportunity of America to the world.”
President Trump, in a statement with first lady Melania Trump, praised President George HW Bush for “sound judgement, common sense, and unflappable leadership” and “unwavering commitment to faith, family, and country”.
The White House announced President Trump has approved a disaster declaration for Alaska tonight following today’s major earthquake.
RT @ZekeJMiller: Erdogan sitting one seat away from MBS https://t.co/gQ6MACc3ct
* The latest magnitude of the Alaska quake is now 7.0
The White House to the pool on brief moment with President Trump  and Crown Prince bin Salman: "They exchanged pleasantries at the leaders  session as he did with nearly every leader in attendance."
Strong quake centered near Anchorage, Alaska. Preliminary magnitude of 6.7. Affiliate  KTUU was knocked off the air by the quake. Reports of damage coming in
RT @CBSThisMorning: We're paying tribute to one of our friends and colleagues, John Blackstone. He's stepping away from his impressive, Emm…
President Trump, on Crown Prince bin Salman after they exchanged pleasantries at the leaders session: "We had no discussion. We had no discussion. We might. But we had none."
The President and First Lady come down the stairs (from the live pool camera) https://t.co/1KlTcDFJAS
Air Force One taxiing at Ezeiza Airport as President Trump and Mrs. Trump arrive for the G20 summit https://t.co/LajwPhHAG7
Air Force One has arrived in Buenos Aires
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders told reporters on Air Force One Pres. Trump made the decision on the plane to cancel the meeting with Russian Pre Putin, after conferring with Sec. of State Pompeo, Chief of Staff John Kelly, and Nat. Security Adviser John Bolton.
President Trump says Cohen is lying, but he added "here's the thing, even if he was right, it doesn't matter, because I was allowed to do  whatever I wanted during the campaign. I was running my business, a lot  of different things during the campaign."
President Trump cancels meeting with Putin at G20, in a tweet from Air Force One. Interestingly, just an hour ago, he had told reporters as he left the White House, "I think it's a very good time to have a meeting" with Putin.
Giuliani: "hardly coincidental that the Special Counsel once again files a charge just as the Pres. is leaving for a meeting with world leaders at the G20 Summit in Argentina. The Special Counsel did the very same thing as the Pres. was leaving for a world summit in Helsinki"
Trump lawyer Rudy Giuliani: "It's no surprise that Cohen lied to Congress. He's a proven liar who is doing everything he can to get out of a long-term prison sentence for serious crimes of bank and tax fraud that had nothing to do with the Trump Organization"
@politiCOHEN_ we need more of these this week
RT @jeffzeleny: --&gt; Very important point. All of this should be viewed through the lens of many people in Trump's orbit, including him, nev…
President Trump, who started the day with a tweet on the Russia investigation, is ending the day with one as well. His first tweet was at 8:39am. This latest one came exactly 15 hours later at 11:39pm. https://t.co/yMkgre332V
Sessions in Chicago" "I appreciated the president allowing me to serve almost two years in one of the greatest jobs in the world. I’m satisfied and fulfilled. I think with what we were able to accomplish and I’m excited for those who will continue to lead the great department"
Sessions told the crowd, "a lot of people have gotten pink slips I guess, but mine’s a little more public than most, I gotta say."
Jeff Sessions tonight in a Chicago speech said "Well, a lot has changed since my visit here a few months ago, about a month ago actually. Got a new title. Former."
RT @kaitlancollins: Sen. Graham: "Anything that you need me for to get out of town, I ain’t doing it until we hear from the CIA."	Q: Have y…
CNN projects Republican Cindy Hyde-Smith has won election to finish the final two years of a Senate term in Mississippi tonight, defeating Democratic challenger Mike Espy in a racially-charged runoff.
@HouseInSession this is from a previous incident
tweet of the night https://t.co/iZV7OX9cJz
The President’s entrance to the rally tonight in Biloxi. Complete with fake snow falling from the rafters (from the live pool signal) https://t.co/XaNGTCNuWJ
Waiting to see if President Trump stops to talk as he leaves the White House for the campaign rallies in Mississippi. Lots to ask about
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders says President Trump, currently aboard Air Force One on the way back to Washington, is monitoring the situation in Ukraine. (From Sarah Westwood)
A US service member was killed in Afghanistan this weekend. The Army has released his name this morning: Sgt. Leandro A.S. Jasso, 25 years old, from Leavenworth, Washington. He was assigned to the 2nd Batallion, 75th Ranger Regiment.
RT @darreldrowland: Buckeye football won't be quite the same w/o Tim May covering it for The Dispatch. https://t.co/lCRjh4tp67
This team belongs in the playoff #gobucks
This is the Ohio State team we knew existed all year, playing to their full potential. Purdue was awful but an aberration. Maryland was a bad day but the kind of game other teams would have lost. And unlike Oklahoma, there is a defense here.
No refunds https://t.co/I5w1qRCDVe
And Oklahoma has no defense. None https://t.co/ufG1CdOemB
This is what sports and rivalries are all about. https://t.co/65liyPVWMJ
The tweets from @betsy_klein on the dog show top all the tweets on football today (and not just because the Lions lost) https://t.co/83nKAHeR1f
RT @jdawsey1: How @jeffzeleny does Palm Beach. https://t.co/kFhz6ezynY
Op-ed from the Publisher of the Washington Post: https://t.co/0tuGl6CK02
The story on Chief Justice Roberts’ statement  https://t.co/0tN1kYmk73
In response to a rare statement from the Chief Justice defending the Judiciary https://t.co/IdXRSLisKq
@VidCon The desk is calling
@Eugene_Scott I thought ‘what a brilliant idea’, and then I read Eugene’s tweet. Still, I regret nothing !
President Trump jokes at Rose Garden event “Even though Peas and Carrots have received a presidential pardon, I have warned them that House Democrats are likely to issue them both subpoenas”
Our International Desk reports Mohammed bin Salman is scheduled to attend the G20 in Buenos Aires next week, according to a summit spokesman. They have asked the Saudis for confirmation. (Updated)
Trump signals US won't punish Saudi crown pricne over Khashoggi killing - CNNPolitics https://t.co/PPkEadCWds
When did the Big 12 expand to include the Rams and the Chiefs, anyway?
RT @kellykdavis: Officer Jimenez is a hero, saving countless lives by chasing after the shooter. The 28 y/o leaves behind a wife and three…
RT @AJGuglielmi: It's with profound sadness that we share the death of PO Samuel Jimenez from tonight's senseless active shooter incident.…
There’s always one player who says it. Thanks, Karan Higdon. #gobucks. Beat *ichigan! https://t.co/2qjXHAelPc
RT @brianstelter: A new threat to Jim @Acosta's press pass. Details in tonight's @ReliableSources digest: https://t.co/m15FvWWgI6
RT @maggieNYT: FACT CHECK: Emailed with @PressSec and spoke with first deputy Hogan Gidley, who is quoted. POTUS would need to talk  to the…
74 people are now confirmed dead in the California wildfires, 71 of them in Butte County. A staggering number of people remain missing...the hope is most of them just haven't checked in yet or don't know they are on the list.
@politiCOHEN_ snow and an airplane ride in the first week? your dog has had quite an inauguration
Brown tweeted a statement, “we welcome the President’s visit to California and are grateful for the quick response to our aid requests. Now is a time to pull together for the people of California"
California Gov. Jerry Brown and Governor-elect Gavin Newsom will join President Trump tomorrow as he visits the state to see the aftermath of the deadly wildfires.
Sr. admin official to @jaketapper on US troops to the border: "a paper tiger. A total joke. Of limited operational utility and a waste of our troops’ time. Mattis knows it. Nielsen knows it. Kelly knows it. But that battle was lost with the President. He was hellbent on troops"
The Cal-Sanford game tomorrow is being postponed until December 1st because of the poor air conditions caused by the wildfires
from our @MarshallCohen  https://t.co/ny7Bv7GLOd
RT @swdoody: .@Acosta returns to the White House briefing room following his victory in court over the Trump administration. https://t.co/s…
RT @mkraju: Marcia Fudge spitting fire at Pelosi tonight. "But she didn't do this by herself. She also was the person who over the last eig…
The death toll from the Camp Fire in Butte County, California, has now risen to 63 with many others still missing
President Trump will make a trip to California on Saturday to see the aftermath and visit people impacted by the horrible wildfires.
RT @Kyle_Feldscher: The bylines on this story are an absolute force of reporting power. https://t.co/DyeImeUcg7
@nickconfessore one of favorite scenes from Fletch   https://t.co/gxdTKbZY6P
Guess I know who our new next door neighbor in Pentagon City will be... https://t.co/vh9NR5fJYw
RT @jeffzeleny: The two Senate seats Democrats picked up — Nevada and now Arizona — were the two states President Trump did not visit durin…
@politiCOHEN_ i don't think he'd have any objections....
RT @ElizLanders: New member alert! Just ran into @MittRomney walking by himself behind the Library of Congress- he seemed excited about ori…
RT @MarshallCohen: Today is a federal holiday, but at least five of Robert Mueller's prosecutors are working today at their office in downt…
RT @jeffzeleny: Congratulations to @brikeilarcnn -- her new show on @CNN is starting right now. And it's called "Right Now!" Every day at 1…
just what the recount needs... https://t.co/3NQ3WQa5pe
@maggieNYT @RachelSmolkin @kyletblaine One of my favorite movies ever. And not  just because at the time I wore blue oxfords and carried a scanner for work.
Dear Michigan State:	On behalf of Buckeyes everywhere, thank you for the free 2 points and the amazing field position. I do not understand but I am grateful.
The President will award a posthumous Medal of Freedom to Elvis next week. Reminded me there once was a Doonesbury series where Donald Trump found Elvis was still alive, and booked him to play Atlantic City. That didn’t go well.
RT @betsy_klein: Abby is the person I listen to when I want to feel more informed. She is brilliant, a kind and thoughtful friend, &amp; above…
The White House tonight announced President Trump has appear an emergency disaster declaration for California for the fires
We are more than 30 hours into the horrific wildfires affecting several areas of California, and there has been message yet from the President. The White House has not said if he has received a briefing
RT @Mosheh: It has been a true honor and privilege to work with Jerry Cipriano @CBSEveningNews. He has been the voice of this broadcast and…
Air Force One landed at Orly Airport at 4:08p ET. This came less than two minutes later. https://t.co/noOiXm8kTu
RT @ElizLanders: .@realDonaldTrump has tweeted 6 times today about the Florida elections.		A source close to Trump tells me, “His view is,…
RT @jdawsey1: At least one iPhone does not appear to be in airplane mode.
RT @CNNPR: Something @CNN and @foxnews can agree on: it’s completely unacceptable to threaten a TV host and his/her family. https://t.co/JM…
RT @whca: WHCA statement on White House decision on credentials. https://t.co/bukK7CGu2G
RT @CNNPR: Here is a video of the interaction for the world to see: https://t.co/us8u5TWzDz
RT @CNNPR: Tonight the White House revoked @Acosta’s press pass. CNN’s response to @PressSec and @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/EY2iFLvP3P
RT @SamFeistCNN: CNN wins Midterm election coverage! CNN had highest ratings in the demo for Midterm Elections prime time last night – beat…
Attorney General Sessions essentially fired. Told to submit resignation, which was immediately accepted
Sen. Roy Blunt at Josh Hawley HQ praised President Trump for his work on the campaign trail for Senate candidates this cycle, saying it was “unlike any effort that any president had ever made before.” (from our Rebecca Berg in Springfield, MO)
RT @betsy_klein: Election Night in America https://t.co/8hJuStvZBJ
RT @KateSullivanDC: The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff said the US military will not be "involved in the actual mission of denying p…
President Trump stopped the rally as a doctor and medics tended to a woman who became ill in the crowd. After several silent minutes and then the singing of Amazing Grace, the woman was taken out, conscious and breathing, on a gurney
The president again brought Sarah Sanders and Kellyanne Conway to the stage in Cape Girardeau, but unlike earlier today in Ft. Wayne, they did not address the crowd.
Sean Hannity tweeted this earlier today. He just went on stage with the president https://t.co/FrlVWuVwnk
Cindy McCain tonight at GOP rally in Prescott, AZ, her late husband's last stop every election: "win or lose, we need to figure out how we can come together, work with our allies and our rivals and help make this wonderful country better than we found it"
RT @BojorquezCBS: Just watched people in Monticello, FL put down their opposing political signs to help a man whose car stalled - small rem…
Hannity makes a point of saying "Hussein" when he referenced former President Obama. Didn't mention other middle names.
They ran 26.2 miles along with the  rest of the field, But unlike the others, they had a job to do.... https://t.co/8OLDwUgoGY
The mayor was killed was serving in Afghanistan https://t.co/Idjmq1tZVw
RT @jeffzeleny: Today’s front page in Bozeman. Tester, Trump and the rescued llama https://t.co/cmwvaDLWa9
RT @NBCNightlyNews: Cantor Azi Schwartz of the Park Avenue Synagogue recites the Jewish Kaddish as a tribute to the 11 victims of the Pitts…
Several areas east and north of Washington DC are under tornado warnings. There are reports of damage towards the Baltimore area
Even Air Force Two isn’t immune from weather issues. The pool says the Air Force 757 carrying Vice Pres. Pence back from a campaign trip had to land at Dulles International Airport tonight instead of Joint Base Andrews because of storms and high winds in the Washington DC area
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders says President Trump and Melania Trump voted by absentee ballot a few weeks ago
RT @leighmunsil: Made this mistake in Iowa —		Trust me, campaign coverage is a marathon and cheese curds are a sprint https://t.co/fytjiDDu…
Oprah Winfrey at a campaign event in suburban Atlanta says “I’m not here to test any waters”, adding she doesn’t want to go in those waters
RT @jeffzeleny: The White House is making plans for President Trump to deliver an immigration speech today from the Roosevelt Room around 4…
@PCBSNews19 i'd still take him in the bullpen
Today is President Trump’s third campaign trip of the midterms to Florida. But he also made two other high profile trips in last month, to tour hurricane damage and to speak to a police chief convention. He’ll make one more visit to the state for Saturday rally
RT @ElizLanders: Into @CNN tonight: 4 rounds of gunfire crashed through the glass storefront of a FL Republican party office in Volusia Cou…
RT @brianstelter: &gt;&gt; @maggieNYT on @AC360: "It is fine to take issue with coverage" but "it is not fine to talk about 'enemy of the people.…
Never been as proud or as humbled to walk into this building with our NY colleagues as I am today. https://t.co/IuRtFYghJW
President Trump just told reporters he will be going to Pittsburgh after today’s shooting. He did not say when that trip will occur.
One additional note of one of the heroic officers wounded: a 55 year old officer was among the 4 injured. He is stable, but in critical condition with multiple extremity wounds.
The gunman was also wounded in the shootout, and is listed in fair condition.
University of Pittsburgh head of Emergency Medicine says says one of the wounded patients, a 70 year old man, was shot in the torso and is in critical condition. He is undergoing a second operation.
@kantzes @LynnComella Zach, hope you saw the entire series of tweets. This was real time tweet of comments the President was making as he boarded Air Force One.
The Pittsburgh Police Chief says the 4 wounded officers are in stable condition, and helped saved lives. Two officers were first responders at the scene, two others were SWAT officers
Officials announce 11 people died in the synagogue shooting, 6 others were wounded including 4 police officers
News conference with officials in Pittsburgh beginning now. CNN live
The president said of deciding to continue with the planned rally, “so I’ll go. Not that I want to go. But I think I actually in reverse have an obligation to go.”
President Trump says the rally in Illinois will go on as planned. He said “at first, I was thinking I’ll cancel. And then I said, you know, we can’t let evil change our life and change or schedule”.
President Trump: “the vile, hate filled poison of anti-Semitism must be condemned and confronted everywhere and anywhere it appears. There must be no tolerance for anti-Semitism in America, or any form of religious or racial hatred or prejudice.”
Pres. Trump: “you wouldn’t think this would be possible in this day and age. But we just don’t seem to learn from the past. Our minds cannot comprehend the cruel hate and the twisted malice that could cause a person to unleash such terrible violence”
President Trump says of Pittsburgh shooting “this wicked act of mass murder is pure evil, hard to believe, and frankly something that is unimaginable. Our nation and the world are shocked and stunned by the grief”
The President about to speak at the Future Farmers of America expo in Indianapolis. He will address the shooting at the top of his remarks. CNN live.
RT @JDiamond1: Trump says an armed guard would have stopped the shooter. THREE police officers were shot when they confronted the gunman. h…
President Trump told the pool reporters in Indianapolis “what happened today is a horrible, horrible thing.” He said, “it definitely looks like an anti-Semitic crime. That is something you wouldn’t believe could still be going on.”
President Trump says crime scene professionals say it is one the worst crimes scenes they have ever seen. Made the comments as he arrived in Indianapolis.
President Trump told reporters on Air Force One they are considering canceling the rally later today in Murphysboro, Illinois. He says he spoke to Gov. Wolf, the mayor of Pittsburgh, and Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump.
@Olivianuzzi Part of a long series of tweets of the President’s comments in real time
@easy5050 Was live tweeting. Hope you saw the whole series
@SachaLEnglish Was live tweeting. hope you saw the whole series
@ctep Was live tweeting. Hope you read the whole series
@LynnComella Was live tweeting. Hope you read the series of tweets
President Trump is going to Indianapolis for an officials event - speech to the Future Farmers of America expo. He then goes to a campaign rally in Murphysboro, Illinois. The rally has not be canceled in the wake of the shooting.
President Trump as he talked to reporters on the shooting said “I think one thing we should do is step up our laws in terms of the death penalty.” He said peol who commit acts like this “should pay the ultimate price”
President Trump told reporters “if there was an armed guard inside the temple, they would have been able to stop him.”
President Trump tells reporters as he boards Air Force One “it’s a terrible, terrible thing what’s going on with hate”, saying “something has to be done”.  He said “you look at violence all over the world. The world is a violent world.”
President Trump, asked if he is calling for armed guards inside all churches and synagogues, says it’s “certainly an option”
President Trump says “this has to stop”
President Trump will speak on the shooting to reporters and then in Indianapolis speech https://t.co/VMQGpvVE8n
One update: it was the Allegheny County Executive standing next to he mayor who confirmed multiple fatalities in the shooting
RT @joshscampbell: The streets are clear tonight. The police tape is gone. The important work continues. https://t.co/CsARYJEHbG
RT @kaitlancollins: "CNN isn't just made of people that you see on camera. It’s made up of hard working, dedicated, caring people. People j…
RT @jeffzeleny: Trump is talking longer than usual tonight about chain migration and how Democrats want to bring immigrants here to vote. H…
RT @jeffzeleny: A note from inside Bojangles Coliseum: The majority of the crowd is NOT chanting CNN Sucks. A few on the floor start it and…
RT @CNNPR: CNN is grateful for the incredible work of @FBI @ATFHQ @TheJusticeDept @NYPDnews @USPISpressroom + the other federal and local l…
President Trump says he will address the package bomb investigation in remarks shortly. He will be speaking the East Room at a planned event to the Young Black Leadership Summit.
President Trump has been briefed on the arrest, told by Chief of Staff John  Kelly. @abbydphillip and Liz Stark say Attorney General Jeff Sessions was at the White House but we haven’t been told yet if he was part of briefing
Our Evan Perez reports the man arrested is in his 50’s, with an Aventura, Florida address, connections to New York and a criminal history
@politiCOHEN_ he had a big first day. love the stuffed animal pillow
@kathrynw5 Rolo just #17?? no way. they are the Central Florida of the candy world
and Florida... https://t.co/0jHqdpgABK
and that's just talking to the White House press corps. Doesn't count the local TV interviews, the newspaper interviews, and other television appearances.
President Trump has taken questions from reporters 12 times in the last week and half...including twice today.
Scary moments here in DC today. A man broke out the glass doors and forced his way into the lobby of Fox 5's building. The suspect was shot and wounded by a security guard. No one else hurt. Suspect was not armed.
I may not have been rooting for Purdue, but I’m sure rooting for Tyler. The one reason I’m ok with Saturday’s outcome. https://t.co/gdqzvLqgfO
@PCBSNews19 What do you mean? Ohio State had a bye week yesterday...sigh...
This is not what I needed to wake up to. Already had workmares about the election https://t.co/ZjpkuIelwq
@ismithKDKA I didn’t remember that being part of the one, but was proud to take one to protect Kathy! Happy anniversary to you both!!
President Trump at a water signing event in Scottsdale, AZ is taking questions
@NAEaglePride @ReynoldsburgFB @989TheAnswer Go Raiders!!
Man behind the President at the Missoula rally is wearing a red "Make Fly Fishing Great Again" hat
President Trump, asked as he boarded Air Force One if he believed Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi is dead, told reporters “it certainly looks that way to me. It’s very sad. It certainly looks that way.”
VP Pence in Colorado: "If a journalist lost their life at the hand of violence, that is a threat to a free and independent press around the world and there will be consequences."
VP Pence told reporters at Buckley AFB the Saudi investigation will be completed in a matter of days, but said “when we have that information, and we won’t solely rely on that information, we’ll collect all the evidence and the president will have a decision to make"
Vice President Pence, arriving in Colorado,, said “the world deserves answers” on what happened to journalist Jamal Khashoggi, saying “those who are responsible, need to be held accountable.”
Treasury Sec. Mnuchin says after meeting with President Trump and Sec. of State Pompeo that he will no longer attend the investment conference in Saudi Arabia
Sec. of State Pompeo will make statement shortly outside the West Wing
The White House says President Trump will meet with Secretary of State Pompeo at 10am ET tomorrow in the Oval Office, following Pompeo’s visit to Saudi Arabia and Turkey on the Khashoggi situation.
@carolinerkenny I still have my first AP stylebook, spiral with the blue cover.
@betsy_klein That sound is me banging my head on the desk
Ohio Congressman Steve Chabot, standing next to President Trump at rally, tells crowd,” I never thought I’d say this, but God bless Kanye West!”
President Trump starting his remarks at the Warren County Fairgrounds in Lebanon, Ohio https://t.co/EQ9ofOHji1
Our teams in the field are amazing — Cannot tell you the respect and admiration we have for the CNN teams on the ground, and all their colleagues. https://t.co/x5F5lF1mON
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein at law enforcement museum opening jokes about Air Force One flight with President Trump on Monday: “some of you may have heard about this trip”. After laughter, he says “it was a round trip”. (From our Laura Jarrett)
Never good as you board a plane that even the flight attendants who are used to it say “it’s going to be a very rough ride today.” Oh, well, at least it’s short. DCA ✈️CMH
RT @PoppyHarlowCNN: Incredible reporting from @BrookeBCNN who is in a helicopter en route to Mexico Beach, Florida. She'll be one of the fi…
From our @Kevinliptakcnn : President Trump was briefed on the market sell-off before leaving for Pennsylvania, according to a White House official. The White House doesn't believe today's 800+ point drop is indicative of a weakening economy, the official said.
The Dow will close down over 800 points
The Dow is now down 735 points as we near the close
Our weather team says Michael’s pressure (919 millibars) was lower than Hurricane Andrew.  It was the third lowest pressure ever measured in a US  hurricane, behind only the Labor Day Hurricane of 1935 and Hurricane Camille in 1969.
Hurricane Michael is the strongest storm to make landfall in the US since Hurricane Andrew in 1992.
Hurricane Michael has now officially made landfall with winds of 155 mph, very nearly a Category 5 storm, near Mexico City, Florida
With Hurricane Michael expected to make landfall tomorrow, President Trump will meet at 11:45am with FEMA Administrator Brock Long, and Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen. As of now, the president is still scheduled to make a political trip to Erie, PA.
President Trump runs through a list of his favorite Fox News personalities as he campaigns at rally in Council Bluffs, Iowa. 8 names in all.
Press Secretary Sarah Sanders says President Trump will appear with Nikki Haley in the Oval Office at 10:30am
A White House official tells @Acosta that US Ambassaador Nikki Haley has resigned. She is currently in the West Wing
The president said, “I would like to begin tonight’s proceeding differently than perhaps any  other event of such magnitude. On behalf of our nation, I want to  apologize to Brett and the entire Kavanaugh family for the terrible pain  and suffering you have been forced to endure"
President Trump, in remarks before the ceremonial swearing-in ceremony for Justice Brett Kavanaugh, declared, “you, sir, under historic scrutiny, were proven innocent."
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein will fly on Air Force One with President Trump today, as the president goes to Orlando to address the International Association of Chiefs of Police convention. (From our @LauraAJarrett). No word yet if this will be their delayed meeting
Dumbest tradition in baseball is throwing back at an opponent’s home run. I’d keep it... https://t.co/WJv90QieoG
President Trump has arrived at the Trump National Golf Club in Sterling, Virginia. Senator Lindsay Graham is along.
President Trump as he mentioned several potential 2020 Democratic challengers, "I want to be careful. I’m taking out so many of these people, I’m hitting them so hard that they’re disappearing,” noting he doesn’t want to risk drawing a difficult opponent.
At Kansas rally,  President Trump went after several 2020 potential opponents, including this comment about Senator Elizabeth Warren: " "I’ve got more Indian blood in me than Pocahontas, and I have none."
RT @PostBaron: Turkey concludes that prominent journalist Jamal Khashoggi was killed in Saudi consulate, two people familiar with the probe…
The scene outside the Supreme Court where protesters are waiting for Justice Kavanaugh’s departure. Police have cleared street, set up ropes in front of crowd https://t.co/gHmqTUAwP5
RT @JDiamond1: Brett Kavanaugh has been sworn in as an associate justice of the US Supreme Court by Chief Justice John Roberts &amp; retired Ju…
President Trump told reporters on Air Force One “women were outraged at what happened to Brett Kavanagh”, saying “women I feel were in many ways stronger than the men in his favor”.
President Trump told reporters on Air Force One his controversial comments questioning accuser Christine Blasey Ford’s story during a rally this week “had a great impact” on the successful confirmation.
Brett Kavanaugh has been sworn in as Associate Justice of the Supreme Court
President Trump from Air Force One tweets in real time on the Supreme Court protest https://t.co/kyUPQFMFtD
Police are standing in a line in front of the doors to the Supreme Court. A few of the protesters could be seen banging on the door at one point.
The large crowd outside the Supreme Court has surged onto the front steps and up to the front door. They are chanting "we believe survivors". Happening as Brett Kavanaugh is inside to be sworn. Unusual scene at the Court
Kavanaugh has arrived at the US Supreme Court
Brett Kavanaugh, with a motorcade, has departed his home. He will be sworn in later today
When Brett Kavanaugh is sworn in today, Chief Justice John Roberts will administer the Constitutional Oath, and Anthony Kennedy, whose seat Kavanaugh will fill, will administer the Judicial Oath
Brett Kavanaugh will be an Associate Justice by the end of the day https://t.co/LbU9tJVqVP
After a bruising, contentious and unusual nomination fight, Vice President Pence announces the Senate has officially confirmed Brett Kavanaugh as the next Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court, by a vote of 50-48
RT @mkraju: “I believe she believed what she testified to,” Susan Collins told @DanaBashCNN of Christine Blasey Ford. “I do not believe Bre…
(The color from the Gallery is coming from our @Phil_Mattingly , @KilloughCNN and @jeremyherb )
Shouting at the top of their lungs, protesters yelling “I will not consent” are being forcibly removed. They continue to scream as they’re pulled into the hallway. At least 8 have been removed from the Gallery
Rare to see most of the Senators in their seats on the floor as the vote begins
As protesters shout, Vice President Pence has said 3 times "the Sgt. at Arms will restore order in the gallery". The vote has continued
Protesters are screaming from the Gallery as the vote begins
Vice President Pence is presiding over the Senate vote
President Trump just took off for tonight's rally in Kansas. As he left the White House, he said  "we’ll be watching, in a little while we’ll be watching on television the vote" aboard Air Force One
Watching the Kavanaugh vote from the Senate Gallery: White House counsel Don McGahn, press spokesman Raj Shah and the White House confirmation team. In another section, accuser Christine Blasey Ford’s lawyers Debra Katz and Lisa Banks are seated.	(from our @Phil_Mattingly )
Flake, Collins and Manchin all vote yes on the procedural vote — Murkowski votes no
Sen. Susan Collins will vote yes on the procedural vote this morning, but won’t announce her final vote on the nomination until 3pm this afternoon, @DanaBashCNN and @mkraju report
Our Ted Barrett says White House counsel Don McGahn just arrived at the Senate, heading to the visitor’s gallery to watch the cloture vote
Senator Joe Manchin is still undecided, and an aide tells @mkraju he won’t announce his decision until he goes to the Senate floor
Senate Judiciary Commitee chairman Chuck Grassley says while he thinks it will be “ very successful”, he admits “this is one vote that we probably won’t know until the votes are actually cast.” (From @SunlenSerfaty and @ElizLanders on the Hill)
RT @TheOtherKeppler: I picked a stupid week to get a puppy. Meet Lily. @darth https://t.co/9ZKTnVQRvN
Senator Collins as she left the the secure room where they are reading the FBI report: “I’m not going to comment. I have finished reviewing and reading all of the interviews, but I’m not going to comment”  (from CNN's @FoxReports )
RT @jeffzeleny: "There's no way anything we did would satisfy Democrats," @senatemajldr says at a news conference as Republicans on Judicia…
RT @mkraju: McConnell leaves presser after making opening remarks before GOP opens it up for questions
Sen. Collins tells reporters, "I’ve not yet finished going through all the materials"
Our @tedbarrettcnn reports Senator Jeff Flake said “we’ve seen no additional corroborating information”, agreed with Collins the investigation was thorough.
Important: Key undecided GOP Senator Susan Collins says “it appears to be a very thorough investigation”
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says the FBI additional background investigation is “ a very, very reassuring report”
RT @FLOTUS: Day two in #Ghana was so impactful. My visit to Cape Coast castle was a solemn reminder of a time in our history that should ne…
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has filed cloture on the Brett Kavanaugh nomination for the Supreme Court, setting up a Friday procedural vote and a Saturday final vote
Police now say 7 law enforcement officers were shot, one fatally. in a  standoff with suspect as they tried to serve a warrant in Florence, South  Carolina. President Trump has tweeted, "We are forever grateful for what  our Law Enforcement Officers do 24/7/365.”  (adds warrant)
Senator Susan Collins moments ago said “the president’s comments were just plain wrong”. @mkraju says she wouldn’t say if it would affect her vote
RT @njapsell: Paula Apsell @mamanova and my dad just before the big moment...Emmy's Lifetime Achievement award recipient #Emmys2018 #EmmyAw…
Huge, well deserved honor tonight for @mamanova , here with proud daughter @njapsell https://t.co/fJ4xhN1pEr
RT @SN_Ohio: The moment it was over for Penn State @dh_simba7 https://t.co/RkCr9zeIVS
RT @wolfblitzer: Let’s congratulate Emily Atkinson who has now been promoted to ⁦@CNNSitRoom⁩ Senior Broadcast Producer. She joined our #Wo…
One of best college football traditions (and yes, especially sweet after a road win like this) https://t.co/C0N2gY81vR
Wow!!! What a win on the road!! #gobucks
New favorite team: whoever plays Penn State each week for rest of year
RT @espngolic: That targeting in OSU Game shouldn’t even be a penalty let alone an ejection, just horrible
I am not enjoying tonight. And nothing good ever comes with whiteouts.  #gobucks #beatpennstate
Senator Jeff Flake just walked into Majority Leader Mitch McConnell’s office	  He wouldn’t say anything as he walked in. (from @KilloughCNN )
A source said serious conversations are underway about how and whether a brief additional investigation could be done by the FBI and a vote delayed by no more than a week. From @DanaBashCNN
RT @Phil_Mattingly: in short, something is happening in the ante room, where Flake disappeared to w/ Sen. Coons about 45 min ago. 	Several…
Another red state Democrat up for re-election, Senator Jon Tester, will vote against the Kavanaugh nomination
Sen. Joe Donnelly, red state Democrat up for re-election, says he will vote no on Kavanaugh nomination.
The Senate Judiciary Committee vote on Kavanaugh’s nomination will be at 1:30pm
Our other journalist there was @ElizLanders
From @SunlenSerfaty , @TheOtherKeppler and @KilloughCNN : when Democratic Senator Chris Coons was told Flake will vote yes, he reacted , “oh, f—-“. He was silent for a few moments and then said “we each make choices for our own reasons”.
Senator Jeff Flake will vote yes to confirm Judge Kavanaugh
Manchin emerging from meeting with GOP's Collins, Murkowski and Flake says "We are still talking. There are no decisions on anything.  There are some concerns that people have and we’re going to try to close the loop.”
President Trump stayed at White House through the end of the hearing, left about 50 minutes late for a fundraising dinner and reception at the Trump International Hotel
CNN exclusive: Key GOP votes Collins, Murkowski, Flake and Democrat Manchin are huddled privately in a Capitol office right now. (From CNN's Ted Barrett). It comes before GOP Senate conference meets shortly
Senator Grassley during break: "you'd expect there would be a lot of emotion".
RT @jeffzeleny: About that Tuesday laughter at the UN, President Trump said: "They weren't laughing at me. They were laughing with me. We h…
RT @kaitlancollins: Kavanaugh put out “twilight zone” statement today denying allegations because he heard Trump and other senior aides tho…
RT @jeffzeleny: Our report today from the UN. Six weeks before the midterms, what wasn’t mentioned? Russia. https://t.co/qnFRwm4PFC
Abby, @AlliemalCNN and team were true pros when this happened. The glamour of network news! https://t.co/aCsGCAn5eB
@politiCOHEN_ Me: reads tweet, glances down at current outfit, covers face in shame
President Trump at UN says “we are taking a hard look at US foreign assistance. We will examine what’s is working, what is not working, and whether the countries who receive our dollars and our protection also have our interests at heart”
President Trump in UNGA speech said "Iran's leaders sow chaos, death and destruction. They do not respect their neighbors' borders or the sovereign rights of nations"
RT @maggieNYT: No worse reaction he can think of than being laughed at https://t.co/i1rhdu298e
RT @gelles: Trump to the UN in 2018:	"I would like to thank Chairman Kim for his courage"		Trump to the UN in 2017: 	"Rocket Man is on a su…
RT @Kevinliptakcnn: Trump quick to tamp down on questions about domestic political chaos as he enters the UN: "I'm meeting with Rod Rosenst…
RT @Kevinliptakcnn: Trump not the first president to miss his speaking slot at the UN. Obama was late during his last speech in 2016 so the…
Key GOP Senator Lisa Murkowski, on whether there should be an FBI investigation on Kavanaugh allegations, told @mkraju “it would sure clear up all of the questions, wouldn’t it?”
President Trump says Kavanaugh "is great at everything he's ever done. and it would be sad indeed if something happened to reroute that."
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says “I want to make it perfectly clear...Judge Kavanaugh will be voted on here, up or down, on the Senate floor.”
Of course, this is President Moon
Kavanaugh says in strongly worded letter to committee the allegations are a threat to any man or woman who wishes to serve our country
Judge Kavanaugh in new letter to Judiciary Committee calls allegations “smears, pure and simple”, says “I will not be intimidated into withdrawing from this process”
White House says President Trump and deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein had an “extended conversation” on the New York Times report, will meet Thursday when the president returns to DC
President Trump is currently here, inside his residence at Trump Tower. ⁦@Kevinliptakcnn⁩ reports aides including Bill Shine, Stephen Miller and Sarah Sanders are here. Chief of Staff Kelly is in Washington. We see president next at 2:45p at photo op w Prime Minister Moon https://t.co/DiBCjNrtJ0
@LaurenZelt Pick a Bagel - 800 block of 8th Avenue in midtown
Reporting from @mkraju and @Arianedevogue : lawyers for Christine Blasey Ford and both sides on the Senate Judiciary Committee had a short call late today. They have tentatively agreed to a Thursday hearing. More discussions expected tomorrow
Staying at a hotel in New York that doesn’t have the Big Ten Network. I didn’t think that one through. In search of bar in midtown showing the Ohio State game.
A senior administration official tells Sarah Westwood they don’t consider the Ford response a yes, says White House would support the committee moving forward with a vote Monday.
Attorney for Kavanaugh accuser Christine Blasey Ford says Ford accepts the committee’s invitation to testify
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley says he has given an extension to Christine Blasey Ford to decide if she testify before the committee.
The 10pm ET deadline has now officially passed. No response yet from the Judiciary Committee majority to the request from Ford's lawyer for another delay
The attorney for Christine Blasey Ford blasted the committee for the 10pm deadline tonight, accusing them “cavalier treatment of a sexual assault survivor who has been doing her best to cooperate." She asked for an additional day to make the decision
RT @AC360: "There's a lingering stench, and we're going to get rid of that too." Speaking live at a rally in Missouri, President Trump seem…
A Rite Aid official says the shooting happened in the Liberty support facility, part of their Perryman distribution center in Aberdeen, Maryland. She said the scene was now “secure”.
A law enforcement official briefed on the matter tells our Evan Perez that 5 people were shot, 3 fatally, in the shooting in Rite Aid distribution support facility in Aberdeen, Maryland (more)
Police in Aberdeen, Maryland are on scene of a shooting at a business with “multiple vicitims”.
RT @betsy_klein: Judge Brett Kavanaugh has arrived at the White House today, where he continues to meet with his team — spotted by @abdalla…
RT @leighmunsil: I always feel a little safer when I’m over by the Marine Barracks https://t.co/2DsD8TXbrj
Donald Trump Junior this morning in a tweet said posting the picture during the storm with the stop lying to make the President look bad comment was not referring to Florence coverage.
@RealSaavedra @DonaldJTrumpJr By showing this picture and saying they were lying to make the President look bad, it would purport to be from this storm. (10 years ago would not have involved the President)
If you live in DC and weren't already up, you are now. This is one intense thunderstorm with really vivid lightning
To everyone who saw the @DonaldJTrumpJr tweets on Anderson covering a storm 10 years ago Mr. Trump purported to be Florence, I hope you see this segment https://t.co/XtfobDi6Nd
RT @politiCOHEN_: “be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about.” https://t.co/5aLhZfpahg
President Trump tonight announced new tariffs on an additional $200 billion in imports from China, starting at 10% through end of the year and then going to 25%. Trump warned of more if China retaliates.
Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh and accuser Christine Blasey Ford will testify in Senate Judiciary Committee public hearing on Monday. It will start at 10am ET
Have decided the news cycle these days has the life span of a fruit fly
From @mkraju:  As he left  McConnell’s office, GOP Senator John Kennedy said there will be a public “opportunity” to hear from Ford and Kavanaugh . “There will be a full opportunity for the accuser and the accused to be heard - in public.” He declined to offer more details .
President Trump is ordering the declassification of documents and texts that the House Intelligence and House Oversight Committees want, including materials connected to the Carter Page FISA warrant, Justice Department official Bruce Ohr and the Russia investigation.
Key GOP Senator calls for both to testify before Judiciary Committee (fixes tweet) https://t.co/gxohAaGmyE
Our @kaitlancollins reports Judge Kavanaugh remains at the White House - he is not scheduled to meet with the President while he is there
Kavanaugh in the new statement said “I am willing to talk to the Senate Judiciary Committee in any way the Committee deems approrpiate to refute this false allegation, from 36 years ago, and defend my integrity.”
New statement from Kavanaugh: “this is a completely false allegation. I have never done anything like what the accuser describes - to her or to anyone. Because this never happened, I had no idea who was making this accusation until she identified herself yesterday.l
our @AlliemalCNN reports Judge Kavanaugh is at the White House. He arrived at 10:07am.
Debra Katz, the lawyer for Kavanaugh accuser Christine Blasey Ford, says she would be willing to testify publicly, but tells @NewDay no one from the committee has yet asked
Key GOP Senator Lisa Murkowski tells CNN tonight she is open to delay in Kavanaugh vote, saying “if there are more questions that need to be asked and answered, then I think it would be appropriate for that time.”
2 Cheetos to one actual food item - proper equation
Failing to understand the problem here - aren’t these staples of a normal lunch? https://t.co/R7h8oHrhzf
congratulations to one of my favorite network correspondents, Ron Claiborne, as retires from ABC News
The death toll from Florence has now risen to 16 in the Carolinas, after a  three-month-old baby was killed by a tree that fell on mobile home in Dallas, North Carolina
RT @TheOtherKeppler: I will never learn. Three years working with this guy, and every pre-season I’m like “he’s not going to go full ‘OSU V…
RT @TBDBITL: #GoBucks https://t.co/uWgHcUzgGs
Shortly after the Wall Street Journal report on Administrator Brock Long, President Trump tweeted praise for FEMA but did not mention the embattled leader of the agency. https://t.co/yV33Y7BXnq
Police in Wilmington, NC now say the mother and baby inside a home hit by a falling tree from Hurricane Florence were killed. A man who was trapped in the house is being treated at hospital.
RT @AnneClaireCNN: Awesome job for her first @CNN live shot -- @CassieSpodak -- you rocked it girl. Live from Lumberton, NC.
RT @jeffzeleny: .... "Everything's wonderful and then they get 10 years in jail and they -- they flip on whoever the next highest one is, o…
RT @jeffzeleny: A month ago, President Trump had this to say about 'flippers,' or those who plead guilty and cooperate: "This whole thing a…
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders says the Paul Manafort plea has “absolutely nothing” to do with the president or his 2016 campaign, calling it “totally unrelated”
Prosecutors say Paul Manafort has agreed to cooperate with the investigation as part of his plea deal (fixes word)
Paul Manafort and the special counsel close to deal for  guilty plea ahead of his upcoming trial, according to a source familiar with the matter.  A deal is expected but the source cautioned the two sides have been close before. (from Evan Perez and Katelyn Polantz )
The Massachusetts State Police say the number of fires and explosions now stands at 39, and will grow. They say everyone in Lawrence, Andover and North Andover who have Columbia Gas must evacuate
RT @Kevinliptakcnn: President Trump, Vice President Pence and John Bolton walk from a hurricane briefing moments ago in the Eisenhower Exec…
24 hour exposure to Buckeye. Action should be enough to flip you https://t.co/r1EaNsOwp1
RT @jdawsey1: It ain't good when you look up and a CNN hurricane reporter is standing on the major road in your hometown...
@JasonHoffman93 @TheOtherKeppler I’d say he was riding with Jets fans, but, well, never mind...
Our @mkraju notes Senator Elizabeth Warren, who has always had a policy of not gaggling with reporters on Capitol Hill, is now gaggling with reporters on Capitol Hill. Hmmm....
@LaurenZelt For him? Yes. For mom, not so much.
RT @betsy_klein: This is worthwhile and important to read every year. Thank you for sharing. https://t.co/yUukPtFAP4
@meridithmcgraw This takes corporate syngery a little too far
I know, I know. The football only stadiums are much better. But I miss more stadiums like the Oakland Coliseum with the baseball diamond dirt in the middle of the field.
At the moment, I can see the Lions going winless in the NFC North...
RT @jeffzeleny: Adam Clymer is a legend. So sorry to hear of his passing. From Boys on the Bus to being called a 'Major League Asshole,' Ad…
Ok, this is my fault. I told people the NFL scheduler gave me the Jets as the Lions’ opponent for my birthday. I knew better. This is on me.
@Kyle_Feldscher @betsy_klein @Sasha_Zients Don’t judge! This is how great combos are invented! Maybe not in this case, but still...
@betsy_klein @Sasha_Zients It was on purpose - I cannot explain the logic behind it. And person taking order asked — twice — if that was correct.
@Sasha_Zients It is possible I have had chocolate chip bagels with lox spread cream cheese. @betsy_klein
RT @willripleyCNN: #breaking North Korean military parade lasted nearly two hours. We saw many traditional elements of a NK military parade…
In the first six quarters of the season, Ohio State has scored 112 points - against two major five conference opponents.
The Arlngton Fire Department reports the drivers are safely out of the cars stuck on a flooded stretch of the GW Parkway near the airport. No one hurt.
As we await delayed flights inside, Arlington, VA fire department is helping drivers stuck in cars on flooded GW Parkway near Reagan National Airport.
RT @NoahGrayCNN: Colin’s last post was head of Gen Kelly detail-I sat next to him on AF1 once he told me it was an honor to protect Kelly a…
President Trump in Montana railing against the New York Times op-ed written by an anonymous senior administration official told a rally, “Unelected deep state operatives who defy the voters to push their own secret agendas are truly a threat to democracy itself.”
The US "does not seek to fight the Government of Syria or any groups that may be providing it support, however, if attacked, the United States will not hesitate to use necessary and proportionate force to defend US, Coalition, or partner forces," a defense official tells CNN
US official calls it "concerning", says ""We have absolutely advised them to stay out of At Tanf. We are postured to respond." https://t.co/x2zK0h1mYu
Barbara Starr reports Russia has warned US military twice in last week that its forces, along with Syrian regime, are prepared to attack in area where dozens of US troops are located, US defense officials say. Russia claims that there are militants in area protected by US troops
Our @Arianedevogue reports Bush lawyer Bill Burck said "We cleared the documents last night shortly after Sen. Booker’s staff asked us to.  We were surprised to learn about Sen. Booker’s histrionics this morning because we had already told him he could use the documents publicly"
White House Counsel Don McGahn tells our @DaniellaMicaela that he did not write the op-ed in the New York Times.
Marc Kasowitz law firm in a statement says "There have been no discussions regarding Robert Mueller’s investigation between Judge Kavanaugh and anyone at our firm.”
Why were sheriffs applauding when the president criticized the news media inside the East Room?
In a remarkable tweet, President Trump tonight questioned whether the official who wrote the op-ed really exists, and says they must be turned over to the government "at once" for “national security purposes” if they do. https://t.co/xYDstW0wnq
Without further explanation, President Trump, who a short time ago criticized the anonymous op-ed from a senior administration official, tweeted a single word moments ago: “TREASON?”
Sanders said the writer "has chosen to deceive, rather than support, the duly elected President of the United States.  He is not putting country first, but putting himself and his ego ahead of the will of the American people.  This coward should do the right thing and resign.”
Sanders in the statement said  "We are disappointed, but not surprised, that the paper chose to publish this pathetic, reckless, and selfish op-ed.  This is a new low for the so-called “paper of record,” and it should issue an apology”.
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders in an angry statement on the New York Times op-ed from an anonymous senior administration official said none of the people who voted for President Trump “voted for a gutless, anonymous source to the failing New York Times. "
@Harrytraylor4 ??
President Trump calls the anonymous op-ed "gutless"
RT @AdrienneCNN: Every journos mom https://t.co/41vidW1p0v
The president's East Room event with Sheriffs was only planned as a photo op. But 20 minutes after it was scheduled to start, a podium with the presidential seal was just wheeled in
RT @kaitlancollins: This seems odd since the White House says the accounts in the book are that of disgruntled former employees. If they be…
See Miguel Marquez's primary eve overview of the MA-7th, where Pressley has pulled the upset https://t.co/75PBQbYXQQ
In a stunning upset, 10-term Congressman Michael Cupuano has conceded defeat to Boston council member Ayanna Pressley in the MA-7th District House Democratic primary
GOP Senator Susan Collins tells @mkraju Pres.  Trump's tweet and reported comments in Woodward book amount to “continuing humiliation” of AG Jeff Sessions that is “deeply inappropriate,". She called it “inappropriate” for the president to comment about the GOP indictments.
The president’s latest attack on the media (he has made the license comment previously as well.) Noting that networks don’t actually have licenses, just their owned and operated stations. https://t.co/VXi2ZASar9
RT @betsy_klein: read this from @MaeveReston: How Cindy McCain forged her own political identity	 https://t.co/rQjyOxCrkQ
Pres. Trump has tweeted tonight on a potential Syrian attack on last remaining rebel stronghold, saying Assad "must not recklessly attack Idlib Province. The Russians and Iranians would be making a grave humanitarian mistake to take part in this potential human tragedy."
and both of you will have same number of touchdown passes after week 1.  #lions https://t.co/3wbGasdhEb
President Trump this afternoon called out Attorney General Sessions over the indictments of two Republican Congressman, saying, “Two easy wins now in doubt because there is not enough time. Good job Jeff.”
The wounded service member is in stable condition
Military says one US service member was killed and another wounded in an apparent insider attack in Eastern Afghanistan.
@SethAMandel Me either.
Unusual. President Trump wearing hat and polo shirt got in motorcade at White House. But 3 minutes later, before motorcade moved, pool producer @betsy_klein reports he went back inside. Then, 15 minutes later, a lid was called, meaning he’s no longer going anywhere.
RT @sdkstl: “Today is a sad day for Myanmar, Reuters journalists Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo, and the press everywhere” - Reuters Editor-in-Chi…
RT @kennerly: The final goodbye. @cindymccain at the casket of her husband @SenJohnMcCain shortly before his burial at the U.S. Naval Acade…
@joshscampbell @CBSNews Ha! If only they had known...
Today is the 55th anniversary of the half hour evening news broadcast https://t.co/hpQXO7AWw2
I hate that Inside Politics is such a great show because it means I have to wake up by 8a on Sundays. Worth it. https://t.co/RSWEObITwy
Just tweeted by the President. It is not clear if this may be in part a reaction to Meghan McCain saying at service “the America of John McCain has no need to be made great again, because it was always great” https://t.co/KvcWuChzLs
Penn State ties it up. Likely headed to OT.
History repeating itself? Appalachian State up a touchdown on Penn State at Happy Valley with a minute to go. Penn State facing 4th and 2 here. 11 years ago today, Appalachian State knocked off Michigan at The Big House
Jack McCain, a Navy pilot, wore his father’s wings at today’s service, Ryan Nobles reports
Incredible lede by @peterbakernyt https://t.co/Tz5rnVnpcT
RT @carolinerkenny: The relationship between George W. Bush and Michelle Obama is still as cute as when I wrote this in 2016 https://t.co/e…
Video from CNN photojournalist Khalil Abdallah this afternoon https://t.co/AXENaDL7p9
RT @johnfkirby63: Watching his funeral today reminds us - or at least it should remind us - that John McCain was not just a great man. 		He…
Today’s last image of Senator McCain’s hearse was driving by an endless row of television satellite trucks. He would have enjoyed that, a man who loved sparring with the press, and set records for appearances on the Sunday shows.
This was tweeted during the service for Senator McCain https://t.co/XEgXqnw9vy
President Trump as Meghan McCain finished her eulogy left the White House, wearing a white hat and a white polo shirt.  (Fixes color)
John McCain, above all, is a proud father
RT @HolmesJosh: A practical reality of the loss of McCain is that we basically lost a permanent Secretary of State. It’s impossible to emph…
RT @ElizLanders: Something I have so appreciated in @wolfblitzer’s broadcasting style this week: taking minutes at a time to pause a discus…
On CNN’s coverage, @jeffzeleny notes that Senator McCain wasn’t especially close with President Bush 43 and President Obama, but wanted to send a message by having the campaign rivals who beat him deliver eulogies
White House Chief of Staff John Kelly and Defense Sec. Mattis will also attend the services.
Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner are attending this morning’s services for Senator McCain. National Security Adviser John Bolton is there as well
RT @PhilipRucker: Literally every Washington power player -- Democratic and Republican, past and present -- is at McCain's funeral, except…
Senator McCain brought out of the Rotunda https://t.co/5LwPkKIn0B
The East Front of the Capitol, where the hearse waits to take Senator McCain from the building for the final time shortly https://t.co/hwLN9Ij228
@jbillinson One of the best West Wing episodes has the President’s motorcade going from the White House to the State Department, going past the National Cathedral. It almost ruins it for me .
Folks like @JohnBerman make me feel lazy. John anchored New Day and AC360 this week...including a 2 hour show tonight.
The final visitors who were allowed to go into the Rotunda have now been brought through, and the public viewing of Senator John McCain has now ended.  Two Capitol Police officers remain in the Rotunda standing with the casket.
Dana notes he also wanted House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi to be part of the wreath laying with Speaker Paul Ryan.
Our @DanaBashCNN reports it was Senator McCain’s idea to have Minority Leader Chuck Schumer join Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in placing the wreath, the only change from protocol in the service.
There was one small rain shower over Washington, and it happened to be over the Capitol at the moment Senator McCain arrived. It’s not raining at our bureau 3 blocks away.
RT @maggieNYT: Woodward book is on the mind of top Trump advisers; discussions already going on about how to handle events in relation to i…
RT @jeffzeleny: So far tonight, President Trump has spent more time talking about Hillary Clinton, Bobby Knight and the media than the GOP…
The hearse carrying Senator McCain’s casket prepares to leave Joint Base Andrews https://t.co/5wBm2gFHc5
Pres. Trump in an interview with Bloomberg defended his response to the death of Sen. McCain.Trump said, “No, I don’t think I did at all,”when asked if he missed a chance to unite the country. He said, “I’ve done everything that they requested and no, I don’t think I have at all"
Senator John McCain has completed his final flight. The Air Force jet bringing his casket back to Washington has landed at Joint Base Andrews.
John McCain is taking his final flight, as an Air Force jet  carrying his casket and family departs Phoenix's Sky Harbor Airport en route to Washington
The president needs to explain what he meant in his tweet on the Lester Holt/NBC interview
President Trump called White House counsel Don McGahn, who he says will depart after the Kavanuagh vote, "a good man, very good man.” He said McGahn has "been here now it’ll be almost two years and a lot of affection for Don...he’s done an excellent job.”
President Trump, asked by pool reporter @acosta whether he was concerned about what McGahn said to special counsel Robert Mueller’s team, said "no", adding "we didn’t claim executive -- we do everything straight, we do everything by the book and Don is an excellent guy".
President Trump, despite cancellation of Pompeo visit, said "I think we’re doing well with North Korea. We’ll have to see,” saying "part of the North Korea problem is caused by our trade disputes with China.  With @betsy_klein
President Trump defended the administration's handling of Puerto Rico in the wake of Maria, despite the higher death toll. "I think we did a fantastic job in Puerto Rico. We’re still helping Puerto Rico."
RT @jdawsey1: And one based on anonymous sources -- after tweeting this morning that readers should not trust stories based on anonymous so…
Ponder this: Senator McConnell started his statement "If the reporting is true about Don McGahn’s time at the White House coming to an end later this year..." 		 McGahn's departure was announced in a tweet by the President.
there are 5 tiers. in between take a bullet and talk on phone is help you move https://t.co/Z0EGWm1uDo
Senator Graham: "I learned that serving a cause greater than yourself hurts. Anybody in the military can tell you the risk you take. He couldn't put his jacket on. He couldn't comb his hair, because he got hurt serving a cause greater than himself"
Senator Graham, voice breaking, said on the Senate floor, "he had wanted to be president. He was prepared to be president. But it was not his to have. And I remember above all else, the speech he gave that night. John taught us how to lose"
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell gave a strong vote of support for embattled Attorney General Jeff Sessions, saying “I have total confidence in the Attorney General and I think he ought to stay exactly where he is.”
Senator Graham: "he taught me that when good ignores evil, it may be convenient, but it seldom works"
Senator Graham says he "was lucky enough to walk in his shadow and to witness history up close. To be in the presence of a giant, at a time everything around us was so small"
Senator Graham: "he taught me that honor and imperfection are always in competition. I do not cry for a perfect man. I cry for a man who had honor and was always willing to admit to his imperfection"
During emotional remembrance of friend John McCain, Senator Graham teases Jeff Flake. Telling a favorite McCain joke on losing presidential candidates from Arizona, he turns to Flake and says maybe you can change that.
Pres. Trump: "I have asked Vice Pres. Mike Pence to offer an address at the ceremony honoring Senator McCain at the United States Capitol...I have asked General John Kelly, Secretary James Mattis, and Ambassador John Bolton to represent my Administration at his services. “
Pres. Trump: "At the request of the McCain family, I have also authorized military transportation of Sen. McCain’s remains from Arizona to Washington, D.C., military pallbearers and band support, and a horse and caisson transport during the service" at United States Naval Academy
President Trump statement: “Despite our differences on policy and politics, I respect Senator John McCain’s service to our country and, in his honor, have signed a proclamation to fly the flag of the United States at half-staff until the day of his interment. “
The White House flag has returned to half staff. https://t.co/w96hiszUQG
This shot shows the flag at the White House at full staff, while behind it the flags at the Washington Monument have now been lowered https://t.co/pSgpBwLc5F
A source familiar with the negotiations tells @JDiamond1 the US and Mexico have reached a preliminary agreement on key trade issues. Announcement at 11am from President Trump in the Oval Office
President Trump will make announcement at 11am on trade - this as US has neared agreement in NAFTA talks with Mexico
RT @DanaBashCNN: What I learned from covering - and knowing - #JohnMcCain  https://t.co/5Fr0ceFn1Y
Florida Gov. Rick Scott says he just spoke with President Trump on the shooting at Jacksonville Landing
A fire department official tells our affiliate WJXT and reporter Vic Micolucci there are 15 total victims in the Jacksonville Landing shooting - 4 known dead. And 11 people taken to hospitals.
The sheriff’s department say one suspect is dead at the scene. They are searching to see if they are any other suspects.
The exact numbers are still fluid - the latest from the Sheriff’s Dept. in Jacksonville: “multiple fatalities” https://t.co/MTb7Pj7GAG
This mass shooting occurred during a Madden 19 tournament at the GLHF restaurant at Jacksonville Landing. Police are warning people to avoid area - gunman may not yet be in custody
Breaking now in Jacksonville, Florida - multiple people shot https://t.co/Vv8Pjy14hw
RT @TheOtherKeppler: Since we are telling McCain stories: I was waiting for him in the subway. He approached talking on his phone, saw me w…
RT @kristindonnelly: Could it be? Heaven lies just beyond this beautiful sunset. RIP #JohnMcCain https://t.co/zXTXft09ND
This moment... https://t.co/AFVQPfYFeV
The procession leaving Hidden Valley https://t.co/2GSXt0e8AK
John McCain is leaving his beloved Sedona ranch for the final time. A police escort is leading a procession with the hearse down the driveway from the cabin.
President Trump on the passing of Senator McCain https://t.co/pVrznnMuzr
RT @Kevinliptakcnn: “At his death, he had served the United States of America faithfully for sixty years.”
Senator McCain passed away at 4:28pm local time, his office has announced
This just tweeted from Vice President Pence. (So far, there have still been no comments from the President on Senator McCain) https://t.co/GWK0auHcEK
Kellyanne Conway’s husband George Conway with a tweet rebutting what President Trump tweeted about the Attorney General this morning. https://t.co/uNWJH2HHnQ
WH speaks out on El Salvador’s decision to cut ties with Taiwan: "receptiveness to China’s apparent interference in the domestic politics of a Western Hemisphere country is of grave concern to the United States...will result in a reevaluation of our relationship with El Salvador"
Vice President Pence, during a 2-day multi-city trip with pool reporters along, answered no questions on Cohen, Manafort, Sessions despite several efforts
Trump attorney Rudy Giulaini, in a new statement clarifying his comments on pardons, said President Trump told him June there would be no pardons for anyone involved in the investigation during the pendency of the investigation.He said “it was not Manafort specific."
AG Sessions just departed the West Wing, exactly an hour after arriving for the prison reform meeting with President Trump
AG Sessions has just arrived at White House for a previously scheduled meeting with President Trump and Jared Kushner on prison reform, @kaitlancollins reports. He arrived minutes after the statement went out
Sessions: " I demand the highest standards, and where they are not met, I take action.  However, no nation has a more talented, more dedicated group of law enforcement investigators and prosecutors than the United States."
Remarkable statement from Attorney General Jeff Sessions in response to the president's interview: "while I am Attorney General, the actions of the Department of Justice will not be improperly influenced by political considerations"
Notable for its hour as much as its repeated message, President Trump at 1:11am ET tweeted in all capital letters "NO COLLUSION - RIGGED WITCH HUNT".	   	  Lights could be seen on inside the darkened White House when the tweet was sent.
The number of times press secretary Sarah Sanders used these lines at the White House briefing today		The president “did nothing wrong”: 7  		“No charges against him”: 6 		“there was no collusion": 3   		The president has “expressed his views on this matter"(or variation):  8
tuckered out from her reporting duty in the briefing room, no doubt (see betsy's earlier picture) https://t.co/ClfRXBHCVE
Remember when August used to be quiet in DC?		No, neither do I.
Rudy Giuliani statement: “there is no allegation of any wrongdoing against the President in the government's charges against Mr. Cohen.  It is clear that, as the prosecutor noted, Mr. Cohen's actions reflect a pattern of lies and dishonesty over a significant period of time.”
President Trump on the Mueller probe, "It’s a witch hunt and it’s disgrace. But this has nothing to do with what they started out," Trump said."It was not the original mission believe me. It was something very much different. It had nothing to do with Russian collusion."
The president did not comment or take questions on Michael Cohen's plea
As he arrived in Charleston, WV, President Trump reacted to the Manafort verdict, praising Manafort as a "good man" and attacking special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation as "witch hunt" and a "disgrace."
President Trump was in a good mood yesterday, a source familiar with his thinking tells CNN, telling confidants that he felt good about the pending outcome of the Manafort trial (from our @kaitlancollins )
For our @SaraMurray   Michael 'The Rat' Cohen," is how one person close to the President described Cohen in the wake of today's news.
President Trump is on board Air Force One en route to a rally in Charleston, WV as word of the Manafort conviction and the Coehn plea details emerge
Michael Cohen plea deal says he "in coordination and at the direction of a candidate for federal office" kept information that would have been harmful to the candidate and the campaign from becoming public
Senate Intelligence Committee chairman Richard Burr said the committee has “recently reengaged with Mr. Cohen and his team following press reports that suggested he had advance knowledge of the June 2016 meeting between campaign officials and Russian lawyers at Trump Tower”.
Manafort found guilty on 8 counts
They are reading verdict - Manafort has been found guilty on at least one count
The judge in the Manafort case declares mistrial on 10 counts - reading the verdict on 8 other counts
Breaking -- Manafort jury has reached verdict on 8 counts, can't reach consensus on 10 counts
The jury has sent another note to the judge in the Manafort trial - second note today
RT @maggieNYT: He may not be. But it’s the part that Trump’s folks are watching. https://t.co/BhiD25lKth
Watching The Fugitive - haven’t seen this movie in years. Tommy Lee Jones’ US Marshal Girard is still one of my all time favorite movie characters
It’s easier to claim accurate reporting is fake news when you believe truth isn’t truth, and facts are in the eye of the beholder.
RT @jdawsey1: Textbook example of his strategy to pit the media against each other - and did actual reporters call the president to apologi…
President Trump reacts to the major New York Times report on McGahn https://t.co/UFW4ekSFBp
Stabbing near Union Station in Washington, along 1st Street NE. Large police presence https://t.co/An40xF5i1G
From our team at the courthouse in Alexandria, VA: Manafort's defense attorney Kevin Downing told reporters they "really appreciate the support of President Trump," when asked about the President's comments
The jury is indeed done for the day
The jury in the Paul Manafort trial asked the judge if he could "redefine" for them "reasonable doubt."
From our Ryan Browne: China is actively developing its fleet of long-range bombers and "likely" training its pilots for missions targeting the US, according to a new Pentagon report.
The jury in the Manafort trial asked the judge four questions, and they  indicated they will be deliberating tomorrow.
RT @mkraju: Per special counsel’s office: “The court’s chambers has notified that the jury has a submitted a note to the court.”
@oliviafecteau ask me about the sleep-deprived day during the campaign where i made macaroni and cheese without water....
Lara Trump statement on Omarosa recording: " I am absolutely shocked and saddened by her betrayal and violation on a deeply personal level. I hope it’s all worth it for you, Omarosa, because some things you just can’t put a price on.”
President Trump in interview with Wall Street Journal said he was prepared to take security clearance action against former CIA Director John Brennan last week, but said it was too “hectic”. Trump was on a working vacation last week at his golf club in Bedminster, New Jersey
Vice President Pence issued a warning to Turkey this afternoon, saying they “would do well not to test President Trump’s resolve to see Americans who are wrongfully imprisoned in foreign lands returned home.”
What Paul Ryan said about security clearance threat on 7/24: "think he is trolling people, honestly
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders defended the decision to revoke Brennan's security clearance as one aimed at fulfilling the President's "constitutional responsibility to protect classified information."
An official with knowledge tells @jimsciutto that Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats was not consulted on revoking the clearance of John Brennan
Michael Bromwich, lawyer for former FBI deputy director Andrew McCabe, says of security clearance announcement: "This has zero to do with national security. This is an Official Enemies List. The offense: exercising 1st Amendment rights"
my dad's specialty when i was growing up. we loved mayonnaise sandwiches https://t.co/j3WJ4DmUxR
President Trump will make a second trip in less than 3 weeks to Columbus, Ohio on August 24th...he'll do fundraiser for Senate candidate Jim Renacci and address state GOP dinner. (Coincidentally, final count for OH-12 is to be announced by that date)
The Democratic county chairman’s association in Illinois said late tonight that former Vice President Joe Biden had to cancel a planned appearance in Springfield tomorrow because "unfortunately he is sick and is under doctor’s orders not to travel. "
Gov. Jeff Colyer has conceded the razor thin Republican primary in Kansas, and will back Secretary of State Kris Kobach
The president is about to speak at a campaign event for Rep. Claudia Tenney at the Doubletree Utica Hotel in Utica, New York. It was closed press, but has unexpectedly been opened for the pool
incredible video from our Ryan Nobles at home outside Washington...some day off https://t.co/icguMJ7t0a
Senator McCain: "Serving as Chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee and working on behalf of America's brave service members has been one of the greatest honors of my life”
Senator McCain, near end of statement on defense bill being signed: "I’m humbled that my colleagues in Congress chose to designate this bill in my name."
President Trump did not thank or acknowledge ailing Senator John McCain at all, as he signed the National Defense Authorization Act named for him.
President Trump watching an air assault demonstration by troops at Ft. Drum before his speech and signing of National Defense Authorization Act ( from the travel pool feed) https://t.co/y2969o91dG
RT @gelles: Giuiani contradicts himself:		Last month, he said Trump asked Comey to give Flynn “a break”, now Giuliani tells @jaketapper it…
RT @USMC: Waiting to get promoted can sometimes feel like forever. This Marine waited 73 years. 		Today, Edgar Harrell, a survivor from the…
@UnderwoodSports I don’t think Earle Bruce was fired for any kind of controversy and conduct?
While I was on the plane, the President tweeted the Attorney General was “scared stiff” and “missing in action”, and called Omarosa “a low life”
CMH ✈️ DCA. Excited to get back to DC but always tough leaving behind family and friends. (Especially my folks who I forced to start Twitter) https://t.co/eQM9ioiO4c
Rep. Chris. Collins, arrested this week in an insider trading case, announces he is suspending his campaign for re-election
President Trump, ahead of this weekend’s white supremest rally and on the anniversary of Charlottesville, tweets “we must come together as a nation. I condemn all types of racism” https://t.co/ZKGxY4A99R
@bexisodes CNN is in live coverage
Seattle Airport confirms the stolen commercial plane has crashed. Alaska Airlines said only one person was board https://t.co/kiY0mYtFja
This is Seattle More on this as soon as it is confirmed. https://t.co/KalMHjgLeF
So great to be home in Ohio with my old friends from Cleveland. Not bad seats! ⁦@ismithKDKA⁩ ⁦@FoxBull330⁩ https://t.co/i8TQF7xXbH
@DavidWright_CNN Ready to project the AL East race yet?
@betsy_klein Your Atlanta experience can’t be covered in a short story.
Hard to argue with this https://t.co/7xcMHKzDy9
RT @kaitlancollins: Trump has been concerned for months now that the Mueller probe could reach his family, potentially Kushner, but his foc…
President Trump taking the stage in Lewis Center, Ohio before packed high school gym https://t.co/aAJouqTH3Q
Just spotted at Trump rally: Ohio Rep. Jim Jordan. Crowd cheered he he was seen going up to bleachers to greet someone. They chanted “Jordan, Jordan” and “Speaker of the House”.
Interesting. Former White House communications director Hope Hicks was spotted by pool producer @Kevinliptakcnn boarding Air Force One in Morristown, New Jersey a short time ago
DCA ✈️ CMH. Heading home to where I covered my first Congressional race in the OH-12, and my first presidential trip at age 15. Fun to do it again tomorrow.
Best story of the day https://t.co/eNESBI2KSy
There was vivid lightning in the background when Air Force One landed tonight in Morristown, NJ. The president went to Bedminster by motorcade instead of helicopter as the result of the storms
Parts of New York City including Queens and the Bronx are under a tornado warning this hour
RT @jeffzeleny: So far at least, President Trump's grievance-filled speech in Wilkes-Barre has not touched on one thing tonight: Russian el…
DC fire equipment on the H Street bridge over the tracks by Union Station https://t.co/CuaSaHCjkL
The DC Fire Department says an Amtrak train derailed near Union Station - the car is upright and no one is hurt. Firefighters are helping walk passengers back to the station.
The first set of remains of fallen US service members returned last week by North Korea are being carried off the plane in an emotional Honorable Carry ceremony at Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam in Hawaii.
@JasonHoffman93 Jason, if we waited until that didn’t happen to reach out to you, we’d never talk
RT @ElizLanders: Accompanying @VP on this trip to Hawaii for the honorable carry ceremony in Honolulu: two family members of Americans miss…
RT @Acosta: Just a sample of the sad scene we faced at the Trump rally in Tampa. I’m very worried that the hostility whipped up by Trump an…
Vice President Pence told a cybersecurity summit Russia tried “to sow discord and division and weaken the American people’s faith in our democracy” when they meddled in the 2016 election, saying “any attempt to interfere in our election will not be allowed.”
@TheAcademy John McClane saves marriage, Christmas
Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn tells @mkraju that President Trump tweeting collusion is not a crime is “not particularly helpful”.
Trains aren’t moving between Baltimore and Washington - unfortunately including mine - because of an overhead power issue. https://t.co/bSGag03T0C
GOP Senator Ron Johnson, asked on Face the Nation about the president’s government shutdown threat over immigration, says “I don’t like playing shutdown politics”.  On the impact on midterms, he said “I don’t think it would be helpful, so let’s try to avoid it”
As a matter of fact, CNN reported on this very tweet on Friday https://t.co/ZNwbY7OIba
10 people have been shot tonight outside a restaurant in New Orleans. At least 3 people are dead, 7 others wounded
@LaurenZelt thinking about you and Emily, sending best thoughts
Officials have given the all clear on the packages at Trump Tower
Scene outside of Trump Tower in New York, where officials are investigating three suspicious packages found inside https://t.co/YgDt2vYPvD
Storm clouds visible in background as Air Force One gets ready to leave Andrews earlier than first planned https://t.co/Eh74vGkrLT
Last night Rudy Giuliani on @CuomoPrimeTime called Cohen "a pathological liar". Here's what he told @danabashcnn on July 8th on @CNNSotu : " I do not expect that Michael Cohen is going to lie. I think he's going to tell the truth, as best he can, given his recollection"
A US official tells CNN's Ryan Browne that the aircraft that left North Korea is carrying 55 cases of remains.
White House: "U.S. Air Force C-17 aircraft containing remains of fallen service members has departed Wonsan, North Korea. It is accompanied by service members from United Nations Command Korea and technical experts from the Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency."
WH press secretary Sarah Sanders: "Today’s actions represent a significant first step to recommence the repatriation of remains from North Korea and to resume field operations in North Korea to search for the estimated 5,300 Americans who have not yet returned home."
The White House says a U.S. Air Force  C-17 plane tonight has left North Korea with the remains of fallen service members.
Despite deputy press secretary Hogan Gidley's comments on Air Force One today, there are many, many examples of the President answering questions after he says thank you in the Oval Office. Many.
fake zoos https://t.co/Md0AJxBQeA
RT @jaketapper: Dobbs, June 15, 2012, after the Obama White House criticized The Daily Caller’s Neil Munro for shouting out questions at an…
RT @jeffzeleny: —&gt; This. https://t.co/RoGjT46lZ5
Not all heroes wear capes. Nice save
RT @grynbaum: Fox News president Jay Wallace issues a statement: 		“We stand in strong solidarity with CNN for the right to full access for…
RT @BretBaier: As a member of the White House Press pool- @FoxNews stands firmly with @CNN on this issue and the issue of access https://t.…
White House Correspondents' Association President Olivier Knox in statement: "This type of retaliation is wholly inappropriate, wrong-headed, and weak.  It cannot stand.  Reporters asking questions of powerful government officials, up to and including the President"
Steven Portnoy, the outstanding CBS News radio correspondent, was in the Oval when Kaitlan asked the questions...his take https://t.co/yUb1c1ZEc0
CNN's statement on the White House matter https://t.co/bRvFYDW8V4
White House bars CNN correspondent from open press event, claiming her questions in Oval Office were inappropriate for the venue.	  https://t.co/iSmYNYRYVr
Good timing...skies just opened up in DC, not that long after reporters and officials left the Rose Garden. The sun was out a little bit ago.
President Trump and EU Commission President Juncker will make joint statement shortly in Rose Garden...was not expected, They may take questions, WH official says
The White House has issued a statement from national security adviser John Bolton saying “The President believes that the next bilateral meeting with Pres. Putin should take place after the Russia witch hunt is over, so we’ve agreed that it will be after the first of the year.”
White House says Pres. Trump meets with Speaker Ryan and Leader McConnell in morning , members of Congress in the late afternoon. These meetings weren't previously announced
RT @ChrisCuomo: #BreakingNews @CNN @CNNPolitics We have the secret recording of Trump and former lawyer Michael Cohen discussing arrangemen…
Excited that the senior executive producer of NOVA (and mother of incredibly talented network producer @njapsell), Paula Apsell, will be honored with this year's Lifetime Achievement News and Documentary Emmy
RT @njapsell: No one deserves this more than my mom @mamanova - she has dedicated her heart and soul to her family and to @novapbs - she ma…
GOP Senator Ben Sasse criticized White House plan for tariff bailout for farmers, saying "This trade war is cutting the legs out from under farmers and White House’s ‘plan’ is to spend $12 billion on gold crutches"
One person was killed tonight when a large tree fell onto a house near Washington DC. It happened as heavy rain fell in Fairfax County, Virginia.
Cardinals' Daniel Poncedeleon in his major league debut did not allow a  (word blocked) through 7. His dad is there. He'll come out of the game,  with the (word blocked) still intact.
Of the 9 no votes against Wilkie as VA Secretary: Feinstein in race where she is challenged from the left…at least six of the others are possible 2020 presidential candidates (Booker, Warren, Harris, Sanders, Gillibrand and Merkley, )
One woman was killed inside the Trader Joe’s store. Police pulled her from the store early in the incident, but she died of her injuries.
LAPD says the suspect is indeed in custody
Person in custody, taken away from store in handcuffs by SWAT officers. Now has been taken to a fire squad. Awaiting confirmation this is the gunman
President Trump says he is following the LA situation https://t.co/RDKq9YU53O
LAPD is calling this an “a￼ctive barricaded suspect” inside the Trader Joe’s store
LAPD says this started with an elderly woman and a young woman shot. Police in Hollywood saw suspect and gave chase. Suspect fired at officers during pursuit before crashing and running into the Trader Joe’s in the Silver Lake neighborhood
CNN on air now with developing situation at Trader Joe’s store in Los Angeles. car chase suspect crashed and ran in - dramatic scene underway
A Dallas Police officer was killed this morning, struck by a suspected drunk driver while escorting the funeral procession of an officer who died of cancer. This makes six Dallas officers killed in the line of duty in last two years.
Some context on the president’s tweet this morning https://t.co/iPBMs1Itd8
One of the best photojournalists in the world. an honor to get to work with him https://t.co/l6qaZ8qDI8
On a day of questions over the Cohen tape, his Director of National Intelligence and the Putin summit, the president returns to the NFL National Anthem controversy....an issue he feels is good for him https://t.co/enBg3u5tyt
President Trump, who just arrived at his golf club in Bedminster, is tweeting on the controversy over the Putin summit https://t.co/pyTgz0Yu7I
The president did not answer questions on Cohen, DNI Coats or Russia at the White House or as he arrived at Joint Base Andrews to board Marine One https://t.co/qeKeNhAuLt
At least 11 people are dead in the Branson boat accident in a severe storm, 5 more are still missing. Of the 7 taken to the hospital, one is seriously hurt. NTSB will investigate.
8 dead, 7 hospitalized, others still missing after the duck boat accident in Branson, Dive teams expected to work through the night
Death toll is now 8 after a duck boat accident on Table Rock Lake in Branson, Missouri tonight.
A large tornado has struck Marshalltown, Iowa, northeast of Des Moines
I would swear the Judge Kavanaugh announcement was two months ago https://t.co/Ulyqayq2w7
President Trump said “"Getting along with President Putin, getting along with Russia is positive not a negative. “.But in the interview with CNBC, he said, “now, with that being said if that doesn’t work out I'll be the worst enemy he's ever had – the worst he's ever had."
Director of National Intelligence Coats learned of the White House invitation to Putin to come to DC while he was onstage at the Aspen Security Forum. When Andrea Mitchell read it, he said, clearly surprised, "Say that again?"
On Pres. Trump meeting Putin one-on-one, DNI Coats said  at Aspen Security Forum, "that is the president’s prerogative.  If he had asked me how that should be conducted I would have suggested a different way, but that’s not my role, that’s not my job. So it is what it is.”
Director of National Intelligence Coats on the one on one Trump/Putin meeting: I "don’t know what happened in that meeting.  I think as time goes by and the president has already mentioned some of the things that happened in that meeting, I think we will learn more.
President initially called it" incredible offer", White House yesterday said it was being discussed, while State Dept. called it "absurd". Today President says he disagrees with propoa, amid opposition from both parties
In statement, WH press sec. Sarah Sanders said, “It is a proposal that was made in sincerity by President Putin, but President Trump disagrees with it. Hopefully President Putin will have the 12 identified Russians come to the United States to prove their innocence or guilt.”
The White House now says President Trump opposes the Russia proposal to question Americans including former Ambassador Michael McFaul.  (1/2)
Asked by Lester Holt if he has ever threatened to resign, FBI Director Christopher Wray said “I’m a low key understated guy, but that should not be mistaken for what my spine is made out of.”
FBI Director Christopher Wray, talking to Lester Holt at Apsen Security Forum says again "I do not believe Special Counsel Mueller is on a witch hunt. He said he believes Mueller is leading a “professional investigation”,  considers Mueller a “straight shooter.”
@praying43003292 42 years old with a wife and two young children
RT @Jordanfabian: Just extending some professional courtesy. All of us in that room are trying to do our jobs and it's important the press…
RT @Kevinliptakcnn: CIA Director Gina Haspel looking on during President Trump's Cabinet meeting today, when he seemed to contradict intell…
Heartbreaking news: a USSS Special Agent has passed away after suffering a stroke on duty during the president’s trip in Scotland. https://t.co/rjTCugzQDt
⚾️Washington did it right tonight for the All Star Game
I thought the introduction of the starting lineups was my favorite part of the All Star Game. And then they brought 29 Medal of Honor winners onto the field. It’s just sweat in my eyes, honest. #realheroes https://t.co/bAIEDbHTh8
More potential 2020 nuggets: Sen. Kamala Harris is writing a book, due out in January 2019.  "The Truths We Hold: An American Journey" will be about her life and her prescriptions for the country,
welcome home, all! and glad that storm wasn't an hour earlier! https://t.co/5FxuGqNWjZ
I'll blame auto-correct, but to quote Homer Simpson, lord help me, sometimes I'm just not that bright.
Former VP Biden says after the midterm election he will have an "altar call" and decide whether he'll run for president, but "not until then" .  (Fixes word)
Biden in Bogota speech said polling data shows now he would beat Pres. Trump but said that means nothing. “For me, the situation is, I know I have to make up my mind and I have to do it by January"
Fire officials in Arlington, Virginia say more than 20 cars are stuck on the busy GW Parkway near Reagan National Airport with water up to their doors after heavy storm
WH press secretary Sarah Sanders says President Trump will make remarks on the Putin summit at 2pm, at the start of his meeting with members of Congress.
RT @brikeilarcnn: The CNN Baby Boom: How 8 Pregnant Journalists Have Covered This Relentless News Cycle https://t.co/VxQ4xvm9s2 via @Cosmop…
President Trump has returned from the trip to Europe and the Helsinki summit, as Air Force One touched down at Joint Base Andrews.	   	  He did not talk to reporters on the flight across the Atlantic.
Interesting...John Kasich just sent a fundraising email, hooked off the Putin summit controversy. The email includes "It's time for Republican and Democrat leaders to speak to the world with one voice: Russia is not our ally."
RT @anniekarni: Today’s winners taking off. @jeffmason1 @JonLemire https://t.co/QLNhrrrATJ
Dir. of Nat. Intelligence Coats:"have been clear in our assessments of Russian meddling in the 2016 election and their ongoing, pervasive efforts to undermine our democracy,and we will continue to provide unvarnished and objective intelligence in support of our national security"
Kudos to AP's @JonLemire  and Reuters' @jeffmason1 for their questions at the Trump/Putin news conference
Putin had a notebook and pen visible on the table going into the one on one meeting with President Trump.
What the President is thinking hours before the summit with Putin https://t.co/DBfPdhw5o6
RT @jaketapper: “Welcome to the land of Free Press,” says a local ad welcoming ⁦@POTUS⁩ to Helsinki https://t.co/cUfvlEcHDR
Air Force One on the ground in Helsinki (from the pool feed) https://t.co/9fTIW6qSsK
President Trump has arrived in Helsinki for tomorrow's summit with Russian President Putin
Putin was just shown on Fox broadcast with Macron and the World Cup trophy at the stadium
Ambassador Huntsman this morning said Helsinki was a meeting, not a summit. The President in the tweet just called it "the Summit".
If there was any question after Annapolis whether the president would stop referring to the news media as an enemy of the people, Pres. Trump just said this as part of a tweet: "Much of our news media is indeed the enemy of the people "
The response from EU President Donald Tusk, by Twitter, to President Trump’s “foe” comments: “America and the EU are best friends. Whoever says we are foes is spreading fake news.”
Sec. of State Pompeo says US and North Korean officials met today in the DMZ to discuss the return of remains of US service members.  Pompeo said talks were “productive &amp; cooperative” with“firm commitments”. No details on when the remains will be returned.
About the foe comment, Pres. Trump told CBS the "EU is very difficult... you know I love those countries. I respect the leaders of those countries. But in a trade sense, they've really taken advantage "
Asked by CBS' Jeff Glor if he will ask Putin to send the indicted Russians to the US, President Trump said "Well, I might. I hadn't thought of that. But I certainly, I'll be asking about it"
Pres. Trump to CBS on Strzok and probe: "it’s a disgrace what’s going on and then you look how partisan it is, you look at what’s going on where, and they know, they know, there is no way he can get away from those horrible text that he wrote so it’s a very partisan thing."
President Trump to CBS' Jeff Glor: "I think that getting along with Russia is a good thing. But it's possible we won't. I think we're greatly hampered by this whole witch hunt that's going on in the United States, the Russian Witch Hunt, the rigged situation"
In the CBS interview, the president says "Russia is foe in certain respects. China is a foe economically, certainly they are a foe. But that doesn't mean they are bad. It doesn't mean anything. It means that they are competitive".
President Trump in interview with CBS' Jeff Glor says "I think we have a lot of foes. I think the European Union is a foe, what they do to us in trade. Now you wouldn't think of the European Union but they're a foe"
RT @PhilipRucker: Trump’s attacks on the U.S. media while overseas — crying “fake news” and bashing correspondents from CNN and NBC — come…
Interesting wording in the President’s tweet on the indictments. He referred to the defendants as “Russian individuals”, not intelligence officers or any reference to acting in official capacity.
@priusjames @nytimes The President and First Lady were exactly on time at Windsor Castle.
The President’s tweet this morning on the indictments, like the White House comment yesterday, did not condemn the actions of the Russians https://t.co/kVSAs12hi4
Learning my Scotland geography -- like the airport where AF1 landed is called the Glasgow Prestwick Airport, and it is quite the distance from Glasgow itself. Thanks for the helpful hints from local residents who messaged!
Sen. McCain said. "President Trump must be willing to confront Putin from a position of strength and demonstrate that there will be a serious price to pay for his ongoing aggression towards the United States and democracies around the world".
GOP Senator John McCain, in a statement on today’s indictments, said, "If President Trump is not prepared to hold Putin accountable, the summit in Helsinki should not move forward.”
President and Mrs. Trump have arrived in Glasgow, Scotland, where they will spend the weekend at his golf club in Turnberry .Air Force One landed at Prestwick Airport at 8:22pm local time, 3:22pm ET
The President made these comments this morning, we now know AFTER he was aware these indictments were coming: "I think that we're being hurt very badly by the, I would call it, the witch hunt; I would call it the "rigged witch hunt"
Indictment: On or about June 27, 2016, the Conspirators, posing as Guccifer 2." contacted reporter with offer "to provide stolen emails from "Hillary Clinton's staff."T he Conspirators then sent the reporter the password" to access protected portion of https://t.co/L7dWZk8qca
From page 16 ofindictment: "On or about August 15, 2016, the Conspirators, posing as Guccifer 2.0, wrote to a person who was in regular contact with senior members of the presidential campaign of Donald J. Trump"
Rosenstein, asked what the president's reaction when told of the indictments, "I'll let the president speak for himself". Rosenstein said the timing was based on the grand jury
Rnsenstein: "There is no allegation that the conspiracy altered the vote count or changed any election result."
Rosenstein: "The Special Counsel's investigation is ongoing. There will be no comments from the Special Counsel at this time."
Rosenstein:"the blame for election interference belongs to the criminals who committed election interference. We need to work together to hold the perpetrators accountable, and keep moving forward to preserve our values, protect against future interference, and defend America"
Rosenstein: "When we confront foreign interference in American elections, it is important for us to avoid thinking politically as Republicans or Democrats and instead to think patriotically as Americans. Our response must not depend on who was victimized."
Rosenstein: "I briefed President Trump about these allegations earlier this week. The President is fully aware of today’s actions by the Department."
Rosenstein: "I want to caution you that people who speculate about federal investigations usually do not know all of the relevant facts. We do not try cases on television or in congressional hearings"
Rosenstein said there is no allegation in this indictment any Americans committed a crime
This special counsel indictment and announcement comes 3 days before President Trump's summit meeting with Russian President Putin
DOJ:   All 12 defendants are members of the GRU, a Russian federation intelligence agency within the main intelligence directorate of the Russian military, who were acting in “their official capacities.”
DOJ: 12 Russian nationals and accused of them of engaging in a “sustained effort to hack into the computer networks” of the DCCC, the DNC and “the presidential campaign of Hillary Clinton and release that information on the internet under the names DCLeaks and Guccifer 2.0"
News conference beginning now -- CNN live
A surreal juxtaposition....the pomp of the Queen greeting the President and First Lady, while a Justice Department news conference is about to begin on a special counsel indictment
A Justice Department official confirms Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein’s upcoming press conference is special counsel-related
Our Laura Robinson reports Prosecutors from Robert Mueller’s Special Counsel’s Office and the Justice Department’s National Security Division visited the courtroom of a federal magistrate judge in DC at 11:30am to return a grand jury indictment
RT @jdawsey1: A British reporter reacts to the Trump show. https://t.co/dvekDAtmv3
RT @jeffzeleny: President Trump has twice praised Theresa May “as a terrific woman” — not as terrific prime minister. This matters since he…
RT @politiCOHEN_: FOUND A VERY GOOD CAPITOL HILL DOG NAMED BEASLEY https://t.co/jHlG2eDPnp
Bill Clinton said of climate in country, "We didn't have to be divided again, and now we're all divided again. And where people think our differences are more important than what we have in common"
Former President George W. Bush during an onstage event with Bill  Clinton tonight said he is “disturbed by the  (immigration) debate that's taking place  because I think it undermines the goodness of America”.   (fixed to add immigration)
Congrats to my good friend ⁦@news2alan⁩, marking 20 years at CBS as a WBBM producer. Alan on left teaching me one of many lessons at Channel 6 in Columbus https://t.co/eM2DIqG00q
A U.S. service member was killed today during an operation in eastern Afghanistan. An Afghan security force member was also killed and several were wounded.
President Trump on Twitter has released a letter he received from North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. The letter is dated July 6th. Trump said, “A very nice note from Chairman Kim of North Korea. Great progress being made”.
Sen. McCain, referring to the president's answer Tuesday, said "Putin is not America’s friend, nor merely a competitor. Putin is America’s enemy - not because we wish it so, but because he has chosen to be."
Senator John McCain on Helsinki: "It is up to President Trump to hold Putin accountable for his actions during the meeting in Helsinki. Failure to do so would be a serious indictment of his stewardship of American leadership in the world.”
As President Trump and the First Lady arrived at Winfield House,  the U.S. Ambassador’s residence, a group was waiting out front to greet them. There was Beatles’ music playing in the background….the song: “We Can Work it Out”.
@jaketapper but doesn't this destroy the best Christmas movie claim?
The president and first lady have returned to the Chief of Mission Residence in Brussels. They left the dinner about an hour and five minutes later than expected, for what it’s worth
RT @jeffzeleny: An important reminder about what the US intelligence community said in 2017 about WHY Putin was meddling in the US election…
The president and first lady are on the ground in Brussels https://t.co/QJxLqQQHlg
Senator McCain in statement warns President Trump ahead of NATO summit, “Allies can and must have candid discussions with one another about differences. But unrestrained attacks on our closest partners will only serve to sow dissent among allies and embolden our adversaries.”
Minutes before Air Force One is to land in Brussels, President Trump took another poke at the EU. This follows comments earlier today from European Council Pres Tusk https://t.co/VWmvLUGstG
@Windy_City_Guy actually, in measurement of time, less is correct. (for example, " It took me less (not fewer) than 12 hours to make the trip")   per the Ruthless Editor.
Another potential nominee is hundreds of miles from DC, an hour before the announcement.  @carolinerkenny reports the US marshal outside Judge Raymond Kethledge’s house in Michigan confirms that Kethledge is home.
Judge Barrett told reporters, 'I can’t confirm nor deny anything but you can see that I’m here"
Judge Amy Coney Barrett home right now in South Bend, Indiana, less than two hours before the announcement. She talked briefly to reporters,  but couldn't say much beyond she's in South Bend.
Jeff reports the president had been fielding calls throughout the day on  pros and cons of some of  leading contenders, but a person close to the process said the decision-making time is over. Process in motion to get the nominee and family to the White House
President Trump has selected his Supreme Court pick, two sources say, but he is not revealing it until tonight in the East Room. from @jeffzeleny and Arianne De Vogue
@prinxeMu i interviewed the family dog for a homemade newspaper. Was a relief to my parents because i previously wanted to be a garbageman.
RT @MarshallCohen: Two sources close to Michael Cohen tell @GloriaBorger that Cohen has a clear message for Trump and Giuliani: "the truth…
President Trump’s first reaction to Sec. Pompeo’s rocky meeting with North Korea that is raising questions over whether a deal can happen https://t.co/shQrMtXQqZ
Days before President Trump’s first visit to UK, Prime Minister May facing a crisis of holding her government together after resignations of Foreign Minister Boris Johnson and “ “Brexit Minister” David Davis.
President Trump tells reporters “I’m very close to making a final decision” on the nominee for Supreme Court. He said “let’s say it’s the 4 people”, says he’ll decide tonight or by 12p tomorrow
As the President prepares to head to NATO summit and later Putin meeting, interesting tweet from Gov. Kasich... https://t.co/EylNmkp0xN
RT @BeschlossDC: Reagan announced his choice of Sandra Day O’Connor, first woman on Supreme Court, today 1981: https://t.co/boTD2vLgZA
RT @DTOhl: In a few minutes, the community will mourn Wendi Winters. 		She died confronting the attacker who killed her and four others, su…
@EHolmes quit stealing my title!
@PCBSNews19 pennant race not even in my vocabulary after the Tigers losing 14 of 16 skid...
A little Friday night adrenaline rush. The White House sent the credential sign-up for Monday's announcement, with the slug "President Donald J. Trump Announces His Nomination for the Supreme Court of the United States". My pulse will return to normal shortly
A childhood memory from when I lived in Detroit		https://t.co/4y3FfXcvtt
President Trump backed Rep. Jim Jordan, who is being accused of knowingly overlooking the sexual abuse of wrestlers he coached at The Ohio State University, saying “No question in my mind. I believe Jim Jordan 100 percent”  (from @JDiamond1 )
President Trump said he'd narrowed his list of possible Supreme Court justices, and his announcement will come at 9pm Monday.   "I think I have it down to four people and I think of the four people, I have it down to three or two," he said on AF1. (from @Kevinliptakcnn )
President Trump told reporters on Air Force One the decision for EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt to resign was “very much up to him”, saying “he did not want to be a distraction. And I think Scott felt like he was a distraction”
The grand marshals of the Reynoldsburg, Ohio, 4th of July parade - Norm and Susan Brusk, my parents, honored for decades of volunteer work and community service. https://t.co/pYnwIQmG7w
One of the most unusually colored skies, near my folks’ house after a pretty good thunderstorm near Columbus https://t.co/DFtRsAZkRW
Two months...(hey, my Tigers are out of it and LeBron’s in LA. Never too soon to get excited about the Buckeyes). https://t.co/D6yHfggZfO
RT @jeffzeleny: Trump says he has interviewed 4 potential Supreme Court justices, will meet with 2 or 3 more before announcement next Monda…
Triple digit heat index? No sweat for our incredible team near Bedminster this weekend. Thanks, Mark Walz, Ken Tuohey, Peter Morris, Greg Robertson, ⁦@AlliemalCNN⁩ , ⁦@aaroncooperNYC⁩ , ⁦Sarah Westwood and Boris Sanchez https://t.co/ao6vfqjRVb
Just arrived in New Jersey on a quick work trip. First stop.... https://t.co/yVikgseXUd
RT @chaseacook: I can tell you this: We are putting out a damn paper tomorrow.
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders in the wake of the Annapolis newspaper shooting declared tonight. “A violent attack on innocent journalists doing their job is an attack on every American.”
RT @betsy_klein: Capital Gazette newspapers in Annapolis trace their origins to 1727 https://t.co/rj9Dq8mThW
RT @politiCOHEN_: you should do this. do this right now. https://t.co/aREWtdmpvo
RT @jd3217: Devastated &amp; heartbroken. Numb. Please stop asking for information/interviews. I’m in no position to speak, just know @capgazne…
Police say 5 dead, several others "gravely injured" in the shooting at the Capital Gazette newspaper in Annapolis, Maryland
The White House says President Trump and Russian President Putin will meet July 16th in Helsinki, Finland
The president working the late night crowd at the airport in Milwaukee https://t.co/zRnMgILImC
President Trump has walked over to a crowd waiting at Milwaukee's General Mitchell Airport to shake hands and pose for photos, at 11:15pm ET. It's a rare overnight work trip in the US for him
RT @whattabxtch: This just made me so sad. https://t.co/a7I1crM71W
President Trump said he will comment on Justice Kennedy’s retirement in the Oval Office shortly.	  White House officials say they’re just digesting news that Kennedy w is retiring.	  from @Kevinliptakcnn
Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy sends letter to the President announcing he is retiring
The president having a little fun with the upset of Rep. Joe Crowley https://t.co/MsdBWrEfSZ
RT @jeffzeleny: The stunning defeat of @JoeCrowleyNY is a fresh reminder that one of the biggest political stories (getting far less attent…
A major political upset tonight in New York. CNN projects a progressive political activist has upset a member of the House Democratic leadership in the New York 14th District primary. 28-year-old Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez has upset 10-term Congressman Joe Crowley. Crowley
RT @betsy_klein: President George H. W. Bush’s service pup is on Instagram and I am here for it https://t.co/MVVbAb4JfY
RT @Acosta: Fact check: My mom did raise me right. Happy to lend a hand. https://t.co/OiOlLtkrSN
RT @Kevinliptakcnn: Eternal advice from @realDonaldTrump: "If it’s not your hair, don’t run for office folks."
Vice President Pence departs shortly on a 4-day trip to South and Central America that will take him to Brazil, Ecuador and Guatemala
RT @Kevinliptakcnn: Expressing concern at how "fake news" might characterize a McMaster loss in South Carolina, @realDonaldTrump exhorts cr…
President Trump has arrived in Columbia, South Carolina, after a strong thunderstorm over the area forced Air Force One to circle for more than an hour.
https://t.co/VybFm46fZO
President Trump returns to calling Elizabeth Warren “Pocahontas”.  Warren is at Democratic State Convention in Reno while the president is in Las Vegas at the Nevada GOP Convention.
Corey Lewandowski traveled to Las Vegas wth President Trump in Air Force One. @NoahGrayCNN reports Lewandowski is shaking hands and posing for pictures in the room at the Nevada State GOP Convention ahead of the President’s speech
RT @gelles: Trump tweets about the “witch hunt”		May 2017: 3 times	June 2017: 5 times	July 2017: 6 times	Oct 2017: 1 time	Dec 2017: 2 times…
The President of the United States in interview with "Huckabee" on his summit with King Jong Un says "we came to a wonderful agreement. It’s a shame that the fake news covers it the way they do it. Honestly, it’s really, it’s almost treasonous you want to know the truth. "
RT @DavidNakamura: Moment of silence for @krauthammer at @nationals Park tonight https://t.co/9tJzBe9DiT
The House will no longer vote tomorrow on the compromise immigration bill, following a late day meeting with GOP members. @Phil_Mattingly reports an aide said they will work over the weekend and try and craft something for next week
A Republican close to the WH tells @jeffzeleny media wasn't really target of Melania's jacket, source says there was an urgent meeting among communications staff about how to fix this — after it was becoming a story.
Sad news about a great man https://t.co/K9PDv4ClGV
if you're curious, it's currently 81 degrees in Washington and very humid.
Pres. Trump says the first lady was deliberately targeting media with her jacket today. He tweeted, “I REALLY DON’T CARE, DO U?” written on the back of Melania’s jacket, refers to the Fake News Media. Melania has learned how dishonest they are, and she truly no longer cares!"
Read into this what you will. The first lady climbed off the plane at Joint Base Andrews, wearing the same olive-colored Zara jacket that generated all the questions today.
RT @jeffzeleny: If ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ sees the front page today from Minnesota’s biggest daily as he travels here, he’ll see this: The Iron…
RT @KateBennett_DC: Melania Trump, basically. (Shot by @dougmillsnyt) https://t.co/wFRa8usx3P
President Trump’s campaign manager Brad Parscale says AG Jeff Sessions should be fired, tweeting “Time to fire Sessions. End the Mueller investigation. You can’t obstruct something that was phony against you. The IG report gives @realDonaldTrump the truth to end it all”
Mrs. Bush: "it is our obligation to reunite these detained children with their parents — and to stop separating parents and children in the first place. People on all sides agree that our immigration system isn’t working, but the injustice of zero tolerance is not the answer.
Mrs. Bush said in the op-ed, “our government should not be in the business of warehousing children in converted box stores or making plans to place them in tent cities in the desert outside of El Paso. These images are eerily reminiscent of the Japanese American internment camps"
Former first lady Laura Bush in Washington Post op-ed called the Trump administration’s zero tolerance policy leading to families being separated at the border “cruel” and “immoral”, writing "it breaks my heart".
@politiCOHEN_ Fact check: no
Police say this morning’s shooting incident that left 22 people hurt at an arts festival in Trenton, NJ was sparked by a gang dispute. A suspect killed by police had just been released from prison. 13 year old critically hurt is now stable
Trenton shooting: Police say four of the victims are in critical condition, including a 13-year-old who remains “extremely critical”
Police in Trenton, NJ say the motive in this morning’s shooting at all night arts festival appears to be a “neighborhood beef”. Updated numbers: 17 were shot, 5 others hurt. One of suspects was killed by police, another in custody
2nd suspect is in custody, and police in Trenton say multiple guns were recovered at the scene. One 13-year-old victim is in extremely critical condition (updates word)
Of the 20 people injured in the Trenton festival shooting, 16 were shot. 4 victims suffered other injuries getting away.
20 people wounded overnight when at least two people began shooting at an all-night arts festival in Trenton, NJ. Police killed 1 suspect
The president’s answer in the Fox interview caused confusion among House Republicans yesterday. President Trump tried to clarify in tweet before WH statement said he supports Goodlatte and compromise bills
Important meeting against the immigration bill backdrop: President Trump will go to the House Republican Conference on Tuesday afternoon
RT @kpolantz: From @MaryKayMallonee and a team of CNN trackers: 		Paul Manafort arrived at Northern Neck Regional Jail in Warsaw, Virginia,…
It's tough to underscore just how rare what happened with the President today. When he talks to reporters on way to Marine One or at an event to the pool, there's always a separation of several feet. This morning he was literally in the middle of a scrum.
Vice President Pence, after several protests interrupted his speech in Columbus, said, "Ohio workers can expect to see their annual salaries, we believe, increase by about $4 thousand a year. Now that’s great news.  But obviously not everybody’s excited about it. “
This confirms what a White House official told CNN’s Pam Brown this afternoon, who said the president misunderstood the question this morning when asked on Fox. Conservative website Breitbart claimed other unnamed White House officials said Trump still did not support the bill.
The WH statement said, "The President fully supports both the Goodlatte bill and the House leadership bill. In this morning's interview, he was commenting on the discharge petition in the House, and not the new package. He would sign either the Goodlatte or the leadership bills"
White House spokesman Raj Shah confirms in a statement that President Trump supports the compromise immigration bill, going on record after a day of conflicting messages.
Senator Lindsey Graham, live on CNN, told @KateBolduan that if anyone doesn’t like him working with President Trump, “I don’t give a shit”. (Fixes typo)
An interesting comment from the President...seemingly dismissing a false statement given to the news media https://t.co/2VpmbHj4Tr
President Trump in the Fox interview says “I certainly wouldn’t sign” the more moderate compromise immigration bill
A perfect scene: Rep. Steve Scalise records the first out of the Congressional Baseball Game, when he scooped up a grounder and threw out the runner at first. Whole team came over for hug, one year to the day after he was critically wounded in shooting
Linking to a tweet about the report showing former FBI Director James Comey used private emails for FBI business, Hillary Clinton just tweeted the snarky response “but my emails"
Senate Armed Services Committee chairman John McCain in statement said, “Suspending U.S.-South Korea joint military exercises is a mistake”, said “parroting Chinese and North Korean propaganda by saying joint exercises are ‘provocative’ undermines our security and alliances"
Sanders response to President's others have done bad things comment in Bret Baier interview: "That’s a factual statement. A lot of people have done bad things, but the president hasn’t ignored the bad things done by the North Korean regime"
White House says President Trump did raise human rights and abuses with Kim, but "the purpose of the summit was to focus on denuclearization and looking toward a brighter future and that is what the president was trying to do.”
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said the Inspector General report “reaffirmed the president’s suspicions” on fired FBI Director James Comey and political bias of some members of the FBI.
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders, asked by @acosta about President Trump saluting a North Korean General, ““It is a common courtesy when a military official from another government salutes you that you return the salute.”
Report harshly critical of FBI agent Peter Strzok, who exchanged anti-Trump text messages with former FBI lawyer Lisa Page, says texts "cast a cloud" over the credibility of the investigation, but no evidence political views directly affected the specific investigative decisions
A key finding: Comey erred in his decision not to coordinate with his superiors at the Justice Department at key moments in the Clinton email investigation. Reports calls that "extraordinary and insubordinate"
IG report on Comey's October 2016 statement: "While we found no evidence that Comey’s statement was the result of bias or an effort to influence the election, we did not find his justifications for issuing the statement to be reasonable or persuasive"
James Comey reaction to IG report: "The conclusions are reasonable, even though I disagree with some. People of good faith can see an unprecedented situation differently. I pray no Director faces it again"
The new Monmouth poll has President Trump’s approval rating at 43%, equal to the highest of his presidency. He also reached 43% in March 2017 46% in the poll disapprove of his performance
New Monmouth poll:  71%, of Americans say President Trump’s summit with Kim Jong Un was a good idea, 51%, says it’s likely that the meeting will help decrease the nuclear threat posed by North Korea
Air Force One is a red-eye tonight. President Trump has departed Joint Base Pearl Harbor Hickam, on the final leg home to Washington.  This is a trip that will have taken Air Force One literally all the way around the world in four days.
RT @betsy_klein: 6 am here in Singapore, @kaitlancollins’ 39th and final live shot of the #TrumpKimSummit, the 72nd time I’ve dialed into t…
@betsy_klein when you say it like that, it almost sounds strange. instead of as we say around here, a Tuesday...
RT @jaketapper: Trump 2020 campaign manager was offended by this:		Pool reporter Acosta asked POTUS: "Mr. President, did we agree to denucl…
On South Carolina primary day, President Trump has tweeted an unusually personal attack on GOP Congressman Mark Sanford, who has been a critic of his presidency, endorsing his opponent and saying "he is better off in Argentina"
@betsy_klein Fiona could use a spin class. But she seems to be eating healthy
With key terms like denuclearization undefined... https://t.co/SvZWU8Y46o
The text says Trump and Kim "acknowledged that the US-DPRK summit — the first in history — was an epochal event and of great significance in overcoming decades of tensions and hostilities between the two countries"
The signed document says "The two leaders pledge to hold follow-up negotiations, led by Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and a relevant high-level DPRK official, “at the earliest possible date” to implement the outcomes of the summit" (per @Kevinliptakcnn )
Key part: "President Trump committed to provide security guarantees to the DPRK, and Chairman Kim Jong Un reaffirmed his firm and unwavering commitment to complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula"
Photographs of the document signed by President Trump show the leaders agreed to “work toward complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula", @Kevinliptakcnn reports
President Trump says of Kim "we'll meet many times"
RT @Acosta: Trump asked what he learned about Kim: “I learned he’s a very talented man.”
Kim's motorcade has now departed the summit site
Kim said in his statement, "Today we had a historic meeting and decided to leave the past behind and we are about to sign the historic document. The world will see a major change"
Asked about denuclearization, President Trump said "we’re starting that process quickly, very quickly"
President Trump said "absolutely, I will" when asked if he will invite Kim to the White House
The president's glowing comments as he walked the press:  "We had a really fantastic meeting. A lot of progress. Really very positive. I think better than anybody could have expected. Top of the line. Really good."
It appeared President Trump was showing Kim his limousine, the Beast, as they walked by
President Trump tells reporters the meeting has gone better than expected, says he and Kim are on their way to a signing. Said they'll say what in a few minute
South Korean President Moon to cabinet about summit: "I myself spent a sleepless night last night, I along with the Korean people hope that the summit will be successful"
RT @CNNSpEv: Congrats @brikeilarcnn! https://t.co/pSZldCSIxN
The White House says chief economic adviser Larry Kudlow is in good condition after suffering a “very mild heart attack", expected to make full recovery
https://t.co/HPXycBvXRz
Dinner at the White House/DC assignment desk tonight -- what else? Singapore noodles.
RT @ryanstruyk: Top Trump economic advisor Larry Kudlow on Trudeau presser: "You just don't behave that way, OK? It is a betrayal, OK? He i…
Kudlow told Jake "that G-7 alliance was strengthened as President Trump involved himself and devoted himself to the process. That is a good thing. They should have said to him, ‘God speed, you are negotiating with the crazy nuclear tyrant in North Korea and we are behind you.’”
Kudlow on State of the Union said “Kim must not see American weakness”. Kudlow said “Trudeau made an error. He should take it back. He should pull back on all of his statements, and wish President Trump well in the Korean negotiations"
Kudlow told Jake Tapper that President Trump “is not going to let a Canadian prime minister push him around” on the eve of the summit with Kim Jong Un. “He is not going to permit any show of weakness on the trip to negotiate with North Korea, nor should he.”
President Trump’s chief economic adviser Larry Kudlow accused Canadian Prime Minister of an “amateur” and “sophomoric political stunt” with his comments after the G-7, saying on State of the Union, saying “Kim must not see American weakness” on the eve of the summit
President Trump, asked by reporters as he arrived in Singapore how feels about the summit, said “very good’ before climbing into his limousine and heading to hotel. He was greeted by Singaporean Foreign Minister Vivian Balakrishnan at the bottom of the steps of Air Force One
Air Force One has landed on the Greek island of Crete for a refueling stop, as the president makes his way to Singapore. It's 3:28am in Crete currently
VP Pence says Pres. Trump approaches “historic summit with “confidence. The truth is, he’s been preparing for this his whole life. The president truly believes that Kim Jong Un, in the president’s words, wants to do something great for his people."
Vice President Pence says President Trump goes into the North Korea summit with “with the family of Otto Warmbier on his heart”, and Pence spoke today with Warmbier’s family.
Huge thunderstorm just outside Washington, but has produced quite a rainbow on Capitol Hill https://t.co/xriUvUsbOV
Trudeau said all countries of the G7 summit have signed a joint communique. There had been concern it might be a 6 +1 statement
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said he told President Trump that asking Russia to rejoin the G7, is “not something we are even remotely looking at.”
Trudeau called President Trump's argument that tariffs on steel and aluminum are a matter of national security “kind of insulting.”
Canadian Prime Minister Trudeau says he will with “absolute certainty” impose retaliatory measures on July 1st, in response to President Trump’s tariffs on steel and aluminum. Trudeau said Canadians are nice but said, “We will not be pushed around"
Two photos of same scene, from White House and from Merkel spokesman, capture different perspectives of summit negotiations	https://t.co/cQOOGGb6wR	https://t.co/Z2SPqyolKw
President Trump will take a few questions after his remarks, press secretary Sarah Sanders says
The White House schedule did not include any plan for remarks, and instead had him attending a working session with the other leaders before leaving
The remarks, expected any moment, will come just before the president departs the G-7 summit to head to Singapore
President Trump will make unscheduled remarks to reporters at the G-7 summit shortly
RT @Kevinliptakcnn: I asked @JustinTrudeau if he was upset @realDonaldTrump is leaving the G7 early tomorrow. Trump answered for him: "He's…
One US service member was killed,4 others wounded today in southern Somalia. @barbarastarrcnn reports the team came under attack by mortars and small arms from insurgent forces in the area, while on training mission with local Somali forces
Their formal bilateral meeting was delayed, but French President Macron tweets out a photo of him taking with President Trump on a couch at the G-7 https://t.co/SZApPw69zR
No vote of confidence for Attorney General Jeff Sessions. President Trump asked why he doesn’t fire Sessions only have his pat answer, “we’ll see what happens”
President Trump says he is considering a posthumous pardon for Muhammad Ali
President Trump says he will ask football players unhappy with the justice system to recommend to him names of people who they believe were unfairly treated to be considered for pardons
President Trump says he’ll bring up human rights during the discussion with Kim Jong Un.
President Trump say First Lady Melania Trump had “close to a four hour operation”, wanted to go on trip but has been told by doctors not to fly for a month
President Trump say it’s “far too early” to be considering pardons for Paul Manafort or Michael Cohen
RT @Acosta: Trump on trade dispute with Canada: “When it is all straightened out we will all be in love again.”
President Trump says EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt is under attack by the press but “I’m not saying he’s blameless. We’ll see what happens”.
President Trump says Russia should be re-admitted to the G-8. “They should be at the negotiating table”. A major comment. They were expelled over Crimea.
This would seem to answer the question of whether the first lady’s medical procedure on her kidney was indeed surgical https://t.co/E6pl8CKnFq
RT @JeffFlake: .@SteveScalise back on the field this morning. This does my heart good. https://t.co/97uQImUgCl
@betsy_klein that elephant should be carded
RT @gelles: 4 days after Trump “personally dictated a statement” about his sons meeting with Russians in Trump Tower, @JaySekulow said this…
RT @Kevinliptakcnn: A family affair at Camp David this weekend — Don. Jr, Tiffany, Ivanka and Jared all flying out today with Trump. Not go…
In endorsing Rep. Dan Donovan over Michael Grimm in a NY House primary, President Trump praised his vote for tax cuts. One problem: Donovan was one of 12 Republican House members who voted no in December
Realizing that within ten minutes this afternoon I sent network notes about the Mueller investigation, North Korea, and Kim Kardashian....
RT @Acosta: Kudos to the young student reporter who asked @PressSec about the admin’s response to school shootings. He clearly came prepare…
President Trump just tweeted “I wish I did”, about picking someone other than Jeff Sessisons to be the Attorney General
@leighmunsil You had a good self defense case
RT @juliehdavis: Depressing sight at Trump rally in Nashville: adorable young boy, probly about my son's age, pointing iPhone at me &amp; other…
@betsy_klein have you bottomed out?
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders says the meeting with President Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Abe will take place at the White House on June 7th
The White House says Secretary of State Mike Pompeo will meet with top North Korean official Kim Yong Choi in New York later this week, as US “continues to actively prepare” for expected summit
What an incredible game. this may be the NHL equivalent of the wind blowing out at Wrigley, #StanleyCup
@mchastain81 thank you!
Realizing I am   a) too old  b) not bright enough  c) all of the above   to find the Stanley Cup emoji.
Terrible news...a tree fell on a news car from Greenville/Spartanburg affiliate WYFF as they were covering weather today in Polk County, NC, killing anchor Mike McCormick and photojournalist Aaron Smeltzer
RT @nytimes: "Sometimes even just thinking about an old memory of you makes me cry. I miss you so much. We all do." — Veronica Crouse, 20.…
RT @betsy_klein: Ray Chavez is the oldest survivor of the attack on Pearl Harbor that launched America's entry into World War II in 1941. h…
RT @CBSNewsRadio: "Bob" Fuss, a veteran broadcast journalist, died on May 27, 2018 at his Falls Church, Virginia home. He was 64. The cause…
As I watch the 1968 special, I can’t help but wonder what the documentaries about today will look like in 50 years..	(Cavs/Celtics is on my other tv)
Everyone who wrote off the Cavs already tonight...
The National Weather Service has extended the flash flood emergency for Ellicott City, Maryland and the surrounding area - warning “ a third wave of significant water is imminent” as rain continues. They called it catastrophic flash flooding
Maryland Governor Larry Hogan declares a state of emergency, is en route to the scene in Ellicott City. (From @CNNJanet )
From the fire department in Howard County, Maryland in the situation in Ellicott City https://t.co/N3aWQmOYlX
The fire department in Howard County, Maryland says there are reports of building collapses in Ellicott City... special teams are en route
The scene in Ellicott City, Maryland https://t.co/FD9my9Svda
Very serious situation continues in Ellicott Coty, Maryland https://t.co/E2J0FS5PJB
The fire department says the flooding in Ellicott City, Maryland this afternoon rivals the 2016 incident https://t.co/dcg3L2djc8
Flash Flood Emergency issued for Ellicott City, Maryland where heavy thunderstorm had left Main Street flooded, people trapped in buildings. Same area has been previously hard hit
A good sign. @jamiegangel reports Bush 41’s chief of staff sent light-hearted email to friends and family with update on the former president’s health, starting “guess he partied too hard with the American Legion yesterday. Darn it.”
Former President George HW Bush is back in the hospital in Maine, after experiencing low blood pressure and fatigue. His spokesman says he’ll remain for observation for a few days
RT @jdawsey1: Trump saying a source doesn't exist that was actually an official White House background call may be the best illustration ye…
In the statement, the US called for Russia for help stop any impending offensive, saying “Russia is duly responsible..ti use its diplomatic and military advantage over the Assad regime to stop attacks and compel the Assad regime to cease further military offensives.”
In a statement tonight, State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert said, “the United States is concerned by reports of an impending Assad regime operation in southwest Syria within the boundaries of the de-escalation zone "
Late news:  US is cautioning the Assad regime “against any actions that risk broadening the conflict or jeopardize the ceasefire” in the de-escalation zone in Syria, warning “the United States will take firm and appropriate measures in response to Assad regime violations.”
State Dept. spokesman Heather Nauert, at Annapolis for her brother's graduation, tells pool reporters on North Korea, "we always knew there would be twists and turns leading up to this meeting on June 12. We never expected it to be easy, so none of this comes as a surprise to us"
National security adviser John Bolton was with President Trump as he arrived in Annapolis for the Naval Academy commencement. (Fixes word)
The wording of the North Korea statement was very interesting, saying they “highly appreciate” President Trump’s “brave decision that no president in the past” had made. It talked of how “what was called Trump method” was smart way to solve problems.
President Trump suggests June 12th summit he cancelled yesterday could still take place. He said “it was a very nice statement they put out. We’ll see what happens. It could even be be 12th”.
President Trump tells reporters before he boards Marine One that “we are talking” to North Korea, says of summit “they very much want to do it. We’d like to do it’. Says “we’ll see what happens”
President Trump said at bill signing after canceling summit, "a lot of things can happen... it's possible that the existing summit could take place or a summit at some later date.  Nobody should be anxious.  We have to get it right".
President Trump, as he did in letter, leaves door open, saying “if and when Kim Jong Un chooses to engage in constructive dialogue and actions, I am waiting”.
President Trump calls the summit cancellation “a tremendous setback for North Korea and indeed a setback for the world”.
President Trump says the US military is “ready as necessary” if North Korea should take any “foolish and reckless” action.
President Trump says he spoke to Defense Sec. Mattis and the Joint Chiefs after he canceled the North Korea summit
President Trump is about to sign the banking bill, which rolls back some Dodd-Frank Act regulations. CNN live shortly. We watch to see if he also comments on the decision to cancel the North Korea summit
A senior official tells @kaitlancollins the nuclear comments in the North Korea statement that criticized Vice President Pence was the final straw for the US, saying “the summit could never have worked under these circumstances.”
RT @jeffzeleny: This was the look on face of @realDonaldTrump March 8 when  he first announced the prospect of a Kim Jong Un summit. With S…
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Sec. of State Mike Pompeo's testimony in front of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee at 10a.m. just got a lot more…
Just yesterday, the Chinese Foriegn Minister at media avail with Sec. Pompeo said they hoped the Trump -Kim summit would go forward as scheduled
President Trump in letter to Kim: “you talk about your nuclear capabilities, but ours are so massive and powerful that I pray to God they will never have to be used”
President Trump to Kim in extraordinary letter canceling the meeting: “if you change your mind having to do with this most important summit, please do not hesitate to call or write me”.
President Trump in letter to Kim says “the world and North Korea in particular has lost a great opportunity for lasting peace and great prosperity and wealth. This missed opportunity is a truly sad moment in history”.
This follows word the President was infuriated by statement from North Korean foreign ministry official his morning calling Vice President Pence “a political dummy”
President Trump in letter to Kim Jong Un says “based on the tremendous anger and open hostility displayed in your most recent statement, I feel it is inappropriate, at this time, to have this long planned meeting”
Bulletin - President Trump calls off June 12th summit with Kim Jong Un
@DaniellaMicaela + 1
Flake at Harvard (fixes word): Congress "is utterly supine in the face of the moral vandalism that flows from the White House daily.I do not think that the Founders could have anticipated that the beauty of their invention might someday founder on the rocks of reality television"
Flake in Harvard remarks: Congress is "utterly spineless in the face of the moral vandalism that flows from the White House daily. I do not think that the Founders could have anticipated that the beauty of their invention might someday founder on the rocks of reality television"
Senator Jeff Flake today at Harvard: "Our presidency has been debased. By a figure who has a seemingly bottomless appetite for destruction and division. And only a passing familiarity with how the Constitution works. "
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang says at State Department photo op of the Trump - Kim summit,"  I made it very clear that we hope it will go ahead as scheduled,” and "it will deliver outcomes.”
President Trump arriving at New York’s JFK Airport (via the network pools https://t.co/v7AK4gMJGP
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein is among officials who will be at President Trump’s immigration and MS-13 roundtable in Bethpage, New York this afternoon. Trump would not answer yesterday if he had confidence in Rosenstein
Comey response to the President’s “spygate” comments https://t.co/81cwHsnVo3
Capping a morning of tweets from the President https://t.co/G4uqpBtUWZ
@JasonHoffman93 (Stares at coverage note - counts number of times he wrote that). Oops...
RT @kaitlancollins: This is why it doesn’t work when the White House explains the lack of press conferences by saying the president has pre…
RT @dougmillsnyt: A bird's-eye view as @realDonaldTrump meets with South Korean president, Moon Jae-in in the Oval Office. https://t.co/P9e…
Sunset over the Potomac in Downtown Washington. Nice end to the weekend before what’s certain to be a wild week https://t.co/skbvlsRb3R
Mrs. Trump’s communications director Stephanie Grisham tells @KateBennett_DC “her recovery and privacy are paramount and I will have no comment beyond this. Anyone else who chooses to speak with the media will only be speculating.”
Communications director Stephanie Grisham said, “the medical professionals who have been given opinions to the media based on one statement are uninformed. Mrs. Trunp has a medical team that is comfortable with her care, which is all that matters”
There were few details given during the first lady’s hospitalization, and no explanation why she was there for 5 days after the procedure. Mrs. Trump’s communications director this morning said “every patient is different”. (More)
First Lady MelanIa Trump is out of the hospital. She returned to the White House this morning, her office says. She was hospitalized for 5 nights after a procedure on her kidney Monday morning
Gov. Abbott: "we want to hear from everybody who has an interest in what has happened today so we can put together laws that will protect Second Amendment rights at same time ensure our communities and especially our schools are safer places "
Texas Gov. Abbott: "we need to do more than just pray for the victims and their families. It's time in Texas that we take action to step up and make sure this tragedy is never repeated ever again in history of  the state of Texas"
RT @jaketapper: “I’ve always kind of felt like eventually it was going to happen here too.” 	 	That is a statement that would not have been…
A Washington Post online headline today: "2018 has been deadlier for schoolchildren than service members"
VP Pence said “it’s clear we have much more work to do” on stopping school violence in the wake of the Texas shooting, telling Indiana event, “I’ll make you a promise: we will not rest, we will not relent until we end this evil in our time and make our schools safe again”.
President Trump is formally nominating Admiral Harry Harris, commander of the Pacific Command, as US Ambassador to South Korea. The move had been expected, as CNN reported in April that Sec. Pompeo wanted to switch Harris from Amb,. to Australian nomination to this crucial role
President Trump orders flags to be flown at half staff at all public buildings and military installations in wake of the Santa Fe shooting. The flag now at the White House, where it was just lowered https://t.co/tGPVHaCSta
Our international desk says Cuban State TV reports a 737 passenger jet has crashed on take off from Havana’s Jose Marti airport.
A law enforcement source says 10 people were killed in the Santa Fe, Texas high school shooting -- 9 students and a teacher. At least 12 were wounded. Pipe bombs and pressure cookers have been found at the scene.
It was just 3 months and 3 days ago we watched these same images coming  from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida (fixes word)
There are at least 12 people being treated at 3 area hospitals from the Sante Fe shooting
Sheriff Ed Gonlazez says the death toll in between 8 and 10 in the Sante Fe high school shooting, mostly students.
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders says the president has been briefed and has been receiving updates on the Texas shooting. @AlliemalCNN says he will likely comment on the incident during  planned 11:30a remarks
One suspect has been arrested in connection with the school shooting in Sante Fe, Texas. One police officer among the injured
President Trump’s first comments on this morning’s shooting in Sante Fe, Texas https://t.co/UVZ8d3tTou
Two law enforcement officials tell CNN there are multiple fatalities in this morning’s shooting at the high school in Sante Fe, Texas
@Olivianuzzi @OKnox + 1
@DineshDSouza this was an amazing moment, and was literally carried on live om CNN https://t.co/AJ6ImFyGqJ
@OliMauritania this was an amazing moment, and carried live on CNN https://t.co/AJ6ImFyGqJ
While the planned news conference was scrapped, President Trump probably ended up taking more questions in the 2 pool sprays that he would have at the newser.
A dump truck and a school bus have collided on Interstate 80 in Morris Count, NJ. State police on scene are calling it a serious accident
President Trump was to have joint news conference tomorrow with NATO Sec. General, according to NATO schedule. But White House schedule for tomorrow is out, showing no news conference.
Rudy Giuliani tells @DanaBashCNN special counsel Robert Mueller's team has informed President Trump's attorneys that they have concluded that they cannot indict a sitting president. That conclusion is likely based on longstanding Justice Department guidelines.
President Trump has departed Walter Reed National Military Medical Center, where he visited the first lady. He was there about an hour, 20 minutes.
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said in a statement, “We are aware of the South Korean media report. The United States will look at what North Korea has said independently, and continue to coordinate closely with our allies.”
The White House was caught off guard by the warning from North Korea about military drills, aides tell @Kevinliptakcnn . One official affirms the State Department's assertion they've received no information from Pyongyang about the status of the talks.
A senior administration official tells @jeffzelenycnn the White House is currently preparing a response to North Korea’s warning about the fate of the Singapore summit. Meetings are underway now between WH officials and the National Security Council and Defense Department.
Tornado warnings are in effect just west of Washington DC, including the area around Dulles Airport. Severe storms will move across the district
With severe thunderstorms in the DC metro area, President Trump will return to the White House by motorcade from Walter Reed.
President Trump has arrived at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland, to visit the first lady.  He arrived by Marine One after flying from the White House
Grisham said, 'Mrs. Trump is at Walter Reed National  Military Medical Center and  will likely remain there for the duration of  the week.  The First Lady  looks forward to a full recovery so she can  continue her work on behalf  of children everywhere.”
In a statement, communications director Stephanie Grisham said, “This  morning, First Lady Melania Trump underwent an embolization procedure to  treat a benign kidney condition.  The procedure was successful and  there were no complications."
The White House says First Lady Melania Trump underwent a surgical procedure at Walter Reed today for a benign kidney condition.
I took a nap and think I woke up in the post-LeBron era for Cleveland. How are the Cavs down almost 30?
@JasonHoffman93 please don't blame work for this. we know that was a result of the Mets' lineup snafu
RT @betsy_klein: 🙋‍♀️ https://t.co/UEJwODphrP
The scene at Joint Base Andrews as President Trump talked to reporters with the released detainees https://t.co/oCTMVShWkb
The president is expected to the plane and greet the released detainees, and they will then emerge as a group
The U.S. military medical plane carrying the three Americans released from detention in North Korea has arrived at Joint Base Andrews, outside Washington.The 3 former detainees, Kim Dong Chul, Kim Hak-song and Kim Sang Duk, will be greeted by President Trump
@DavidNakamura @markknoller my guess is it would be october 2009 when president obama went to dover air force base for dignified return of 18 service members lost in afhganistan
The president says he will greet the freed detainees when they return at 2am ET https://t.co/3vfzjF1PYB
President Trump announces on Twitter the American detainees are on their way home from North Korea https://t.co/GCmvw7Nfth
GOP Senate nominee Patrick Morissey thanked President Trump in part of his victory in the West Virginia primary, telling his victory party, “Mr. President if you’re watching right now let me tell you your tweet was huge”.
he got it!! 100mph pitches in the 9th. wow.
@mchastain81 no, just love a baseball moment like this
We interrupt this primary night for a little baseball -- Mariners' Paxton has not allowed any (word redacted) through 8. My screens are now 3 WV HQs and 1 Blue Jays game
Blankenship in unexpected remarks at his campaign party said "the news so far is not very good,” but saud it “doesn’t mean it won’t change.” He told the crowd, "the night is young"  but “at this point, it is not nearly what I had hoped it would be.”
Don Blankenship tells crowd at his campaign party the early results in the WV GOP Senate primary are "not encouraging"
A short White House readout of the Macron call is 27 words -- counting names and titles.		"President Donald J. Trump spoke today with President Emmanuel Macron of France.  The two leaders reaffirmed their shared commitment to peace and stability in the Middle East"
Former Pres. Obama: "Every aspect of Iranian behavior that is troubling is far more dangerous if their nuclear program is unconstrained. Our ability to confront Iran’s destabilizing behavior... is strengthened with the JCPOA, and weakened without it"
Former Pres. Obama: "In a democracy, there will always be changes in policies and priorities from one Admin to the next. But the consistent flouting of agreements that our country is a party to risks eroding America’s credibility,and puts us at odds with the world’s major powers"
RT @Kevinliptakcnn: CNN ready for global fallout of Trump's decision to withdraw from Iran nuclear deal https://t.co/6tpmFsLKMl
Macron, May and Merkel say in statement, "We encourage Iran to show restraint in response to the decision by the US; Iran must continue to meet its own obligations under the deal"
In statement, they say "Iran continues to abide by the restrictions set out by the JCPoA, in line with its obligations under the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons. The world is a safer place as a result."
President Macron, Prime Minister May and Chancellor Merkel in joint statement express "regret and concern" over President Trump's decision to withdraw
President Trump will talk shortly with French President Macron ahead of the Iran nuclear deal announcment, @Kevinliptakcnn reports
Schneiderman resigns:  "While these allegations are unrelated to my professional conduct or the operations of the office, they will effectively prevent me from leading the office’s work at this critical time"
From Donald Trump Junior shortly after Schneiderman story broke https://t.co/taJ6WZIKHh
Senator Gillibrand:  "The violent actions described by multiple women in this story are abhorrent. Based on this extensive and serious reporting, I do not believe that Eric Schneiderman should continue to serve as Attorney General"
Gov. Cuomo:  "No one is above the law, including New York's top legal officer.  I will be asking an appropriate New York District Attorney to commence an immediate investigation, and proceed as the facts merit"
NY Gov. Cuomo in statement says, "I do not believe it is possible for Eric Schneiderman to continue to serve as Attorney General, and for the good of the office, he should resign."
RT @betsy_klein: and a special shoutout to all-star colleagues @ElizLanders &amp; @KilloughCNN, who are shifting into new roles on our Capitol…
RT @maggieNYT: This is the track that some White House advisers have told Trump to focus on instead of his job approval. https://t.co/Flrqs…
RT @betsy_klein: Scooplet! Making my spot as a White House producer on the CNN team official starting today. 	(I’ll still be covering the F…
RT @kaitlancollins: Giuliani, a member of Trump's legal team who doesn't work for the White House and doesn't have a security clearance, sa…
President Trump just repeated threat to shut down the government in September without Congress approving funding for the wall
The president just said "we need your vote, we need your help" after saying Renacci will be a good Senator
Renacci, introduced by the president saying he has his full support, is speaking now at the official White House event
Though the president's tax roundtable in Cleveland is an "official" event, Rep. Jim Renacci, in a Tuesday GOP Senate primary, is on stage
The Donald Trump book club?  President Trump just tweeted about book by his withdrawn Labor Sec. nominee, Andy Puzder.  Other books he's tweeted on of late:  2 by Fox News personalities, talk show host Howie Carr, CBN reporter David Brody, and wife of Apprentice EP Mark Burnett
@edokeefe @AnnieLinskey Ed, when i switched stations in Columbus i kept saying the wrong name for the first week. They hung a sign on my phone that said "10TV Eyewitness News" in giant letters....
@jdawsey1 water's going to be cold, Josh. You win
Giuliani on Fox on President Trump being interviewed by Mueller: "if we weren't careful lawyers, we''d just let him go"
Our Ryan Browne reports the C-130 that crashed is from the 156th Airlift Wing in Puerto Rico...it is used for weather reconnaissance and the standard crew is 5.
CNN's @jeffzeleny confirms Ty Cobb is leaving the White House
New York Times reports White House lawyer Ty Cobb is leaving, will be replaced with attorney Emmet T. Flood. Flood was part of President Clinton's legal team during his impeachment fight
The plane that crashed now confirmed to be an Air National Guard C-130
The military crash scene is not far from the airport in Savannah, on Route 21. Flames and a huge plume of smoke visible from the wreckage.
Large military plane has crashed near Savannah. No word yet how many people were on board or if there are injuries.
@Ryan_Hawes they wisely used the crosswalk!
Jango is all of us... https://t.co/Vv8iCMoD4x
President Trump is at the Trump International Hotel down the street from the WH, having dinner with supporters https://t.co/zQKYF2GU9c
VP Pence, speaking near California/Mexico border called caravan "deliberate attempt to undermine the laws of this country and the sovereignty of the United States”, and said migrants are victims “being exploited by open border political activists and an agenda-driven media”
The Pentagon says one US service member was killed, another wounded in combat operation in eastern Afghanistan. Several Afghan security forces were also killed. The wounded service member is in stable condition.
RT @ziashahreyar: Journalists killed today in Kabul:	1. Shah Marai -@AFPphoto's 	2. Mahram Durrani-RadioAzadi 	3. Yar Mohammad Tokhi -ToloN…
And we now know at least 8 journalists died in this attack, while doing their jobs covering another bombing.
Awful news early this morning https://t.co/FhTzUFOP9R
My folks had to put our dog Lili to sleep after a long and happy life.She was sweet little rescue who ruled the house https://t.co/pr5EztEFjW
@BreakingNewzman I don't think it was deliberate, just unfortunate the way it played out. Didn't look purposeful
As a Buckeye, you'll understand I wasn't a huge Baker Mayfield fan. But he's the guy I'd want QB'ing my NFL team. Good pick.
The ethics committee said in its letter said Sen. Menendez "violated Senate Rules, federal law, and applicable standards of conduct.” His office says they are still reviewing the letter
@PhilipinDC @WhiteHouse secret Longhorn fan?
The ethics committee ordered Menendez to “repay the fair market value of all impermissible gifts not already repaid, and amend your Financial Disclosure Reports to include all reportable gifts. Finally, by this letter, you are hereby severely admonished. “
The report said Menendez accepted travel on commercial and private planes from Melgen, a stay at a luxury hotel in Paris, and 19 stays at a villa in the Dominican Republic.
The committee concluded Menendez helped Melgen by intervening in Medicare overbilling case, advocating for port security company owned by Melgen, and assisting foreign nationals in getting visas, including “directly to a U.S, ambassador to seek reconsideration of a visa denial
Powerful Democratic Senator Robert Menendez, who was acquitted of criminal charges, has been “severely admonished” by the Senate Ethics Committee for accepting gifts from. Dr. Solomon Melgen, and using his position to help Melgen.
South Korea's foreign minister in interview with @camanpour said of changes on the Korean Peninsula, "Clearly, credit goes to President Trump, he’s been determined to come to grips with this from day one"
from Liz Landers in the West Wing late on a Wednesday night https://t.co/tBUvxhh6xv
No announcement will come tonight on VA Sec. nominee Ronny Jackson, White House officials tell @jeffzeleny, @kaitlancollins and @JDiamond1 . It remains his decision
White House spokesman Raj Shah tells Erin Burnett Outfront that they are still pushing ahead with the nomination, though they are looking at latest allegations
The decision remains Jackson's, but @JDiamond1 and @Kevinliptakcnn say   are preparing tonight for the possibility that Jackson may pull his nomination, and aides are openly discussing the possibility that Jackson withdraw.
Jeff reports White House official said President Trump raised the prospect of going into the briefing room today to stick up for Dr. Ronny Jackson, simply to say he’s a good guy and he has his support. Several senior administration officials advised him against doing so
New from @jeffzeleny:  A White House official says President met again today with Dr. Ronny Jackson, who was seen in West Wing for about an hour. They met Tuesday as well.
The people who misrepresented this on televison this morning should know better https://t.co/bIuniitNlt
RT @gelles: CNN’s own @TheOtherKeppler with the mic as she chased Dr Ronny Jackson today https://t.co/Iyf0OMdRdb
The best part of Saturday mornings...the history and grammar segments were my favorites but all were great. https://t.co/SJoM2LkG8X
Just in -- VA Sec. nominee Dr. Ronny Jackson met with President Trump in the Oval Office late this afternoon, a White House official said, as discussions are underway in the West Wing for Jackson’s next step. From @jeffzeleny
DC Fire and EMS says 4 pedestrians are being taken to hospitals with serious injuries. They were hit after accident knocked a car onto sidewalk.
DC Metro Police say an accident with pedestrians struck on sidewalk in downtown Washington does not appear to be intentional. As many as 4 hit.
The picture President Macron tweeted from the news conference - yup, a closeup of a handshake https://t.co/yme8sJeJNb
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Reality on Jackson nom is it's not really a Democrat/obstruction issue at this point - it's Republicans, already uneasy…
My worst New York City surprise...the Steak and Shake next to the Ed Sullivan Theater is gone. (This after the midtown White Castle closed). None in DC...
From President Bush 41's spokesman https://t.co/zV9bA09xXO
Former President George HW Bush is hospitalized, two days after laying Mrs. Bush to rest, @jamiegangel reports
Officials in Toronto now say 9 people were killed, 16 injured in the van attack on pedestrians today
@JSwiftTWS and when you're a cleveland fan...might as well learn early...
Journalists and interviewers don't come any better than @DanaBashCNN . Period.
Kellyanne Conway on Monday, talking about James Comey: "people in his household wanted the other person to win"
RT @KilloughCNN: Barbara Bush’s main cause after the WH was literacy https://t.co/hk8hGie5fA
President Trump in late Friday night tweet suggests the special counsel investigation may have been "established based on an illegal act" https://t.co/jUiElaVH4v
President Trump's first reaction to the North Korean announcement https://t.co/B8O3vKH0ul
Sorry to hear that Coach Bruce has passed away. He was very kind when I was a young, dumb reporter. This says it all on his legacy https://t.co/GWRi660gnP
@KelemenCari this was actually when the book went on sale at 12a Tuesday morning at a shop that was still open, not a book signing event
It has only been six days since the Syrian strikes...less than two weeks since the Michael Cohen raid. It truly feels a year ago...
@BuckeyesDrew ha. yes. fixed.
Phil Mattingly reports Republican leaders have been confident Pompeo  would be confirmed. Heitkamp’s “yes” vote is an important step for  Republicans in moving from “confident” to “done deal.”
President Trump, getting off Air Force One as he returned to West Palm Beach, ignored a question on the McCabe criminal referral, per the pool
A key moderate Democratic Senator, Heidi Heitkamp, says she will vote yes to confirm Mike Pompeo as Secretary of State. That is a major pickup in the effort to confirm Pompeo, with the first Democratic crossover
President Trump on Mueller investigation: " we are hopefully coming to an end. It has been a very bad thing for our country."
President Trump on special counsel Mueller and Deputy AG Rosenstein: '"They've been saying I'm going to get rid of them for the last three months, four months, five months. And they’re still here"
Pres. Trump on North Korea: "If the meeting when I’m there isn’t fruitful, I will respectfully leave the meeting. I like always remaining flexible – we’ll remain flexible here"
President Trump on North Korea meeting: if it's meeting I don't think it is going to be fruitful, we won't go
President Trump says US "fighting very diligently" for release of 3 American prisoners in North Korea, thinks there's a "good chance" of getting them back home
Sen. Paul said, '"I’m open to meeting right now and we’ll see what happens in the meeting. The president told reporters this afternoon at Mar-a-lago "I will say this about Rand Paul: he’s never let me down."
GOP Senator Rand Paul, who has opposed the nomination of CIA Director Mike Pompeo for Secretary of State, says he wll sit downwith Pompeo after a call from President Trump. Paul said Trump called him a short time ago and asked him to meet with Pompeo
US Ambassador Nikki Haley, asked as she walked into UN Security Council how her relationship with President Trump is, said, "It’s perfect”. (From Elizabeth Joseph in our NY Bureau)
@danmericacnn reports former President Obama, Michelle Obama, former President Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton will attend the funeral for Barbara Bush Saturday in Houston
RT @kaitlancollins: President Trump spotted by @tuoheyk on the golf course today. He said yesterday that he hoped he and Japanese Prime Min…
President Trump has ordered flags to fly at half staff in memory of Mrs. Bush. The White House flag was just lowered https://t.co/m9RMfOVh83
His office chief of staff described President Bush 41 as "broken-hearted" tonight but "stoic and strong", "being lifted up by his large and supportive family". "		"He is determined to be there for them as well"
President George HW Bush's chief of staff Jean Becker said tonight President Bush held Barbara Bush's hand all day today and was at her side when she passed
The NTSB says one passsanger has now died after the Southwest 737 plane incident
One passenger was critically injured, 7 others were treated for minor injuries in the Southwest plane incident
The pilots of the damaged Southwest 737 radioed the tower before their emergency landing "it’s not on fire, but part of it is missing, they said there’s a hole and that someone went out "
The plane carrying Japanese Prime Minister Abe has landed at Palm Beach International Airport in West Palm Beach. He begins two days of meetings with President Trump at Mar-a-lago this afternoon. The 747 has a Japanese and an American flag displayed in the cockpit windows.
US Ambassador Nikki Haley got ahead of herself in announcing new sanctions on Russia, President Trump’s chief economic adviser says. But Larry Kudlow insisted there was no confusion within the administration about the sanctions issue.
RT @Acosta: It was a big thrill to have the honor to meet longtime WH correspondent for ABC News, Sam Donaldson. He shared some of his lege…
@tweetbrk I actually love a good nighttime thunderstorm. First one of the spring when I've been in town
Glad I just fell asleep a few minutes ago, only to be woken by this thunderstorm. Pretty good lightning show, though
A source said hiring created some tension within the administration, calling it “a big damn mess.”  Lerner was previous opponent of Trump during  campaign.  A White House official confirms President Trump and Pence had a phone conversation Friday. (@ElizLanders and Boris Sanchez)
Vice President Mike Pence’s choice for his national security adviser, Jon Lerner, has withdrawn after his hiring created tensions in the administration.	 Announced in late Sunday night statement from Pence’s press secretary Alyssa Farah
Also, Caps/Blue Jackets game better end. My number of monitors (and more importantly my small brain) can't handle all 3.
As we prepare for the Comey interview, this side note: Nolan Ryan is the oldest man to throw a (word censored) at 44. Bartolo Colon would match that if (thing we can't say) happens
Bush spokesman says 92-year-old Barbara Bush, in failing health, will not seek additional medical treatment and will focus on comfort care
VP Pence said, "Our message to Russia is you're on the wrong side of history"
Vice President Pence at a media availability in Lima, Peru, said of the strikes, '“This was the morally right act to take"
Senior administration official tells reporters the hope is last night's strikes will act as a deterrent, says "if this step does not succeed, we will be prepared to act again.” (from @ElizLanders at the WH)
RT @Kevinliptakcnn: not sure if you've noticed but CNN is live at the White House, Pentagon, Paris, London, Moscow, Beirut and Northern Syr…
Joints Chiefs Chair General Joseph Dunford said the US "specifically identified” targets to “mitigate the risk of Russian forces being involved."
Sec. Mattis told reporters the US specifically targeted the Syrian  regime’s chemical weapons program., saying "we also selected targets  that would minimize the risks to innocent civilians"
General Dunford says "this wave of airstrikes is over"
Sec. Mattis: "Right now, we have no reports of losses" to the US forces
President Trump will address the nation about Syria tonight, a White House official said. A US official says President Trump has made a final decision on Syria after a week of deliberation. from Jeff Zeleny, Jim Acosta and Kevin Liptak
One official tells @eliselabottcnn "nobody wants to start a war with Russia and Syria. At the same time the Syrians did what they did. So we have to answer the second without starting the first"
From @eliselabottcnn : Trump administration is communicating to Russia the US intention is not to escalate situation in Syria, objective is  intentions to create lasting deterrent" for Assad regime’s use of chemical weapons again, according to senior admin. officials
The Scooter Libby statement was reported by our @jamiegangel
Scooter Libby: “My family and I are immensely grateful to Pres. Trump for his gracious decision to grant a pardon.For over a dozen years we have suffered under the weight of a terrible injustice. To his great credit, Pres. Trump recognized this wrong and would not let it persist"
Libby's conviction came in investigation that included another Attorney General, James Ashcroft, who had recused himself. Comey, as deputy AG, then oversaw the probe and named a special counsel as his first move.
Who appointed the Valerie Plame special counsel that led to Scooter Libby conviction?  Why, it was then Deputy Attorney General James Comey
President Trump tonight signed an executive order setting up a task force to review operations and finances for the US Postal Service. The move comes after he publicly talked about the Post Office’s costs, and claimed they were hurt by deliveries for Amazon
Today is another drinking from the fire hose kind of news day. (or as we say now, a day that ends in y)
At end of Rose Garden event, pool reporters repeatedly asked NEC chair Larry Kudlow about the president's TPP remarks.  Kudlow: "no comment"
Defense Sec. Mattis just arrived at White House ahead of national security team meeting on Syria
The White House says Deputy AG Rod Rosenstein's meeting was with the president. In a statement to pool, a White House official said, “Rod Rosenstein met with the President at the White House regarding routine Department"
Amid several controversies surrounding Cabinet members, President Trump said at Rose Garden event, "sometimes it may not look like it, but believe me, we are draining the swamp"
@realDonaldTrump serious question -- why did the White House post the last photo with Chief of Staff Kelly?
Defense Sec. Mattis said this morning "I believe there was a chemical attack and we're looking for the actual evidence"
President Trump meets with his national security team this afternoon on Syria
President Trump on Syria: "it's too bad the world puts us in a position like that", tells reporters decision will be made "fairly soon"
Very short White House readout of this call: “President Donald J. Trump spoke today with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey to discuss the current crisis in Syria.  The two leaders agreed to stay in close contact about the situation.”
The National Security team is slated to meet at White House tomorrow on Syria. It is not yet clear if the President will take part in the meeting. A source says the UK will hold a similar meeting in London tomorrow. from @Kevinliptakcnn and Michelle Kosinski
On today's White House meeting on Syria:  an aide to Vice President Pence said, “the vice president convened a meeting of the national security apparatus at POTUS’ request to facilitate providing options for the President to make a decision.” (from @ElizLanders )
WH press sec. Sarah Sanders, asked about Russia claims the chemical attack was staged, said "the intelligence provided certainly paints a different picture and the President holds Syria and Russia responsible for this chemical weapons attack"
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said President Trump has “a very deep concern about the direction that the Special Counsel and other investigations have taken.”
A White House official tells @kaitlancollins Defense Secretary Mattis will be at the White House for meetings this afternoon.
@aseitzwald @carlquintanilla and air strikes in iraq underway that day
Speaker Ryan called President Trump and Vice President Pence this morning to inform them of his decision, @kaitlancollins reports
In statement,his spokesman says "Speaker Ryan shared with his colleagues this will be his last year as a member of the House"
Attorney General Sessions, asked by reporters as he left the Alabama football event if he had talked to the President, said "hey, not today”. And he added, “Roll Tide”.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions is at the White House for the Alabama Crimson Tide national championship ceremony.
The sources say Bolton had no issue with Bossert, but wanted his own person in the job. One source calls the move "incredibly  jarring"
New national security adviser John Bolton pushed out homeland security adviser Tom Bossert, sources tell @kaitlancollins and @jeffzeleny
@stevebruskCNN the resignation seems to be a surprise. He just left a security conference, and did network morning shows this past Sunday
White House Homeland Security Adviser Tom Bossert is resigning.
Vice President Pence will travel to South America in his place
Press secretary Sarah Sanders says the President will "remain in the United States to oversee the American response to Syria",monitor events
White House announced President Trump will remain in Washington, won't go to weekend Summit of the Americas in Peru, and to Bogota
A source says President Trump huddled today with White House lawyer Ty  Cobb and other senior White House officials, including chief of staff  John Kelly, to discuss the FBI raids shortly after getting word they  were underway in New York. (from @Kevinliptakcnn )
President Trump said  "we are getting clarity on that on who was responsible for the weapons attack", saying "we have a lot of options militarily and we’ll be letting you know pretty soon,"
President Trump vowed to respond to a chemical gas attack in Syria, saying before meeting with the senior military leadership, "it will be met and it will be met forcefully"
President Trump in his harshest words to date on the investigation called the FBI raid on his personal attorney Michael Cohen “an attack on our country” saying it was a “whole new level of unfairness.”
Jeff reports the White House official said the president was following the news coverage on cable television. The president knew about the raid before it broke in the New York Times and on TV, the official said, but it’s unclear if Trump has spoken to Cohen.
A White House official says President Trump has been watching TV reports of the FBI raiding the office of Michael Cohen, his longtime lawyer and confidant. (from @jeffzeleny )
Michael Cohen attorney on FBI raid: "These government tactics are also wrong because Mr. Cohen has cooperated completely with all government entities, including providing thousands of non-privileged documents to the Congress and sitting for depositions under oath.”
Cohen attorney: "I have been advised by federal prosecutors that the New York action is, in part, a referral by the Office of Special Counsel, Robert Mueller."
Michael Cohen attorney Stephen Ryan on FBI raid: "The decision by the U.S. Attorney’s Office in New York to conduct their investigation using search warrants is completely inappropriate and unnecessary."
Ambassador Haley closes, "History will record this as the moment when the Security Council either discharged its duty or demonstrated its utter and complete failure to protect the people of Syria. Either way, the United States will respond."
Ambassador Haley to UN Security Council: "We are beyond showing pictures of dead babies.  We are beyond appeals to conscience.  We have reached the moment when the world must see justice done. "
Ambassador Haley: "  We are on the edge of a dangerous precipice.  The great evil of chemical weapons use that once unified the world in opposition is on the verge of becoming the new normal. The international community must not let this happen."
Ambassador Haley:  "What we are dealing with today is not about a spat between the United States and Russia. This is about the inhuman use of chemical agents on innocent civilians."
Ambassador Haley: "We are quick to condemn chemical weapons in the Security Council, but then Russia prevents any action, vetoing five resolutions on this issue alone.  And our lives go on as usual."
Ambassador Haley tells UN Security Council: "What’s the point of trying to shame such people?  After all, no civilized government would have anything to do with Assad’s murderous regime. "
US Ambassador Nikki Haley to Security Council: "Who does this?  Only a monster does this. Only a monster targets civilians, and then ensures that there are no ambulances to transfer the wounded."
Pentagon statement: "At this time, the Department of Defense is not conducting air strikes in Syria.  However, we continue to closely watch the situation and support the ongoing diplomatic efforts to hold those who use chemical weapons, in Syria and otherwise, accountable"
President Trump tomorrow meets with, and later has dinner with, senior military leadership
Notable in his Syria chemical attack tweets this morning the president has called out Putin by name https://t.co/fGED4KrRVP
State Dept calls on Russia to end "unmitigated support immediately...work with intl community to prevent further barbaric chemical attacks"
State Dept: "by shielding its ally Syria, Russia has breached its commitments to the United Nations as a framework guarantor".
State Dept; "Russia, with its unwavering support for the regime, ultimately bears responsibility for these brutal attacks"
State Dept: "The Assad regime and its backers must be held accountable and any further attacks prevented immediately"
State Dept on apparent chemical attach in Syria: if confirmed, "horrifying and demand an immediate response by the international community"
@Delilah399 that was the first status report FDNY gave. About 10 minutes later, they reported a victim was found
Just in: the badly injured resident from the Trump Tower fire has died at the hospital
FDNY says there are total of 5 injuries in the Trump Tower fire - one resident critically injured, four firefighters with minor injuries
President Trump has tweeted a strong message of support for EPA Chief Scott Pruitt, saying his travel and security expenses are ok
The FDNY says no members of the Trump family were at Trump Tower when the fire broke out today.
@CyndiCaldwell the president did not say anything about injuries in his tweet. He wasn't wrong - that information would come from fire dept
The fire deparment says the seriously injured person is a civilian, but they did not say if the person was a resident of the building
Update - the FDNY says one person has been seriously injured in the fire at Trump Tower.
Pres. Trump has tweeted, "Fire at Trump Tower is out. Very confined (well built building). Firemen (and women) did a great job. THANK YOU!"
This is a FDNY photo from the Trump Tower fire https://t.co/7EhqWf1sLz
Our New York desk says the fire is confined to the 50th floor and there are no injuries.
The Trump family apartment occupies the top floors of the building - far above where this fire is reported.
A 3-alarm fire has broken out at Trump Tower in Midtown Manhattan - reported on 50th floor.
A tornado emergency has been issued for Coushatta, Louisiana..the National Weather Service says "a large and destructive tornado" was confirmed near the city
An SUV adorned with a General's 3-star flag was waiting for McMaster, who retired from the military as a Lt. General
Moving moment: National Security Adviser HR McMaster, leaving the White House for the last time, was greeted by a large crowd and loud cheers outside the West Wing door. He waved as he walked out holding hands with his wife.
The Dow has now lost 700 points so far today
New chief economic adviser Larry Kudlow is learning about life at the White House. Asked in the White House driveway when first learned President Trump would be taking the new steps on potential tariffs, Kudlow took a long pause before answering: "Last evening."
Republican Senator Ben Sasse tonight called President Trump’s latest tariff threat to China “the dumbest possible way to do this”. In a statement, Sasse said, “Hopefully the President is just blowing off steam again but, if he's even half-serious, this is nuts.”
RT @ElizLanders: An overlooked (and hilarious) comment from @potus at the end of his press gaggle on Air Force One: "Thank you very much ev…
In an escalation of rhetoric in the trade fight with China, President Trump said, “In light of China’s unfair retaliation, I have instructed the USTR to consider whether $100 billion of additional tariffs would be appropriate”.
President Trump told reporters on Air Force One he is looking at anywhere from 2,000 – 4,000 National Guard members being sent to the border as part of the deployment.
President Trump in his first comments on the matter told reporters he did not know about a $130,000 payment made to Stormy Daniels for her silence. Asked why Michael Cohen made the payment, Trump said, "you’ll have to ask Michael Cohen".
President Trump told reporters on Air Force One of embattled EPA chief Scott Pruitt, “I think he’s done a fantastic job. I think he’s done an incredible job” but said “I have to look at” reports about him.
President Trump, after riffing on border security, anchor babies, the wall, voter fraud and other topics at his tax cut event, literally tossed his prepared remarks aside to laughter.
@dougmillsnyt @pkcapitol @realDonaldTrump it is amazing how Doug Mills can make a completely routine movement into a truly incredible photo.
Even as President Trump this week has talked of pulling US forces out of Syria, the White House has issued a statement on the one-year anniversary of the chemical attack, saying “we will not rest until the regime is held accountable”.
Kennedy was scheduled to deliver a presidential campaign speech in the park, but had been urged not to go after news of the assassination. He insisted, and gave an emotional address credited with helping prevent violence in Indianapolis that night.
On this 50th anniversary of Dr. Martin Luther King’s assassination, President Trump has signed a law making a park in Indianapolis where Robert Kennedy spoke shortly after the assassination “the Kennedy-King National Commemorative Site “
When DC had the 80 degree day in February, I said this guarantees it'll snow on Opening Day. I may be close...
@rqskye it appears the victims expected at Stanford all ended up going to the SF General
Hospitals have 3 victims, one in serious condition
Police say there are 4 victims in the YouTube HQ shooting, one victim dead with an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wounded
YouTube HQ update: the hospital at Stanford tells our LA Desk at least 4-5 victims are en route to their facility so far
Tornado warning is in effect for the Xenia, Ohio area right now. This is the anniversary of the devastating tornado there in 1974 that killed 33 people, hurt more than a thousand, and destroyed much of the city.
A reminder the last time President Trump held a full news conference, not a limited number of questions joint news conference with foreign leaders, was February 16, 2017.
@ryanstruyk there's always a place in the CNN Political Unit for this masterpiece. It'll class up the area.
@BigTenNetwork @BTNTomDienhart please...underestimate the Buckeyes again! Where was OSU in this year's pre-season? 11, 12?
RT @BillLandis25: Next college hoops season starts on Tuesday, November 6. Ohio State opens at Cincinnati
With the exception of the skating of the Stanley Cup, "One Shining Moment" is my favorite championship tradition
I did not appreciate how good this Villanova team was during regular season. When I saw them in the 2nd round, realized I made wrong pick
Connecticut Democratic Congresswoman Elizabeth Esty announces on Facebook she will not run for re-election
RT @whca: The White House Correspondents' Association is pleased to announce that Maggie Haberman of The New York Times is the winner of th…
RT @whca: The White House Correspondents' Association is pleased to announce that 	Josh Dawsey is the winner of the Merriman Smith Award fo…
RT @whca: The White House Correspondents' Association is pleased to announce that @evanperez, @jimsciutto , @jaketapper and @carlbernstein…
Just landed back in Washington to this amazing sunset https://t.co/sGKgLlmOzF
@jennyrw she appears to be a vegetarian
My parents' puppy sat quietly today while brisket and other food was made, but went crazy begging when we cut cucumbers...
And.....the Dow is down 450 points with 10 minutes unttil the bell
Suspicious packages arrived today at several military sites in the Washington DC area. The FBI has taken custody of packages. At least one tested positive for black powder and residue with a suspected GPS and fuse attached
(in terms of points, not percentage, of course)
This is poised to be third biggest single day gain in the Dow's history
The Dow is up 600 points today (adds missing word that was kind of important)
Our @AlliemalCNN reports the WH says expelled diplomats are "considered to be aggressive collection personnel here in the U.S."
White House says "the individuals who are being sent back to Russia are intelligence officers being cloaked by the diplomatic positions".
White House says move is in conjunction with NATO allies in response to Russia using "military grade chemical weapon" on U.K. soil
Pres. Trump is ordering 60 Russian diplomats expelled, closing of Russian consulate in Seattle because of "proximity" to US sub base
Communications Dir. Stephanie Grisham tweeted shortly after interview "while I know the media is enjoying speculation &amp; salacious gossip, Id  (sic) like to remind people there’s a minor child who’s name should be kept out of news stories when at all possible.” from @betsy_klein
While not directly reacting to the Stormy Daniels allegations, the first lady’s communications director tweeted late tonight about “salacious gossip” and cautioning the first couple has a young child.  (more)  from @betsy_klein
our @Kevinliptakcnn confirms President Trump had dinner with Michael Cohen at Mar-a-lago last night. Others were at the table. Melania Trump was not present, according to the source.
Interesting. @maggieNYT reports the president had dinner with personal lawyer Michael Cohen (at the center of the Stormy Daniels matter) last night, the evening before the 60 Minutes interview
President Trump has returned to the White House, did not stop to answer questions on the 60 Minutes interview on his way in. As planned, the first lady remains in Florida for the week
Mrs. Trump will still at at Mar--Lazo for a pre-planned spring break week.
The president and First Lady will be in different places when 60 Minutes interview airs. Pres. Trump will have just returned to WH (more)
Was surprised it's only been 7 years since an 11 seed made the final four. Still, if it holds, this will only be fourth time it's happened.
President Trump has returned to his Mar-a-lago resort. The pool says motorcade on the route they took did not go by a planned protest march
@tvreelcoach @Crayola i don't remember that in my box of 48/  my folks should have sprung for the whole 64
The first family arriving in West Palm Beach https://t.co/SftrwfvAJA
Until tonight's Air Force One arrival and subsequent pool report, I was unaware that coral was a color. Who knew?
The bill signing table in the Diplomatic Reception Room, from the pool camera https://t.co/rJFnX0jtYm
MORE -- Two sources tell @jeffzeleny that  President Trump will sign the Omnibus spending bill at the 1pm event, after his earlier veto threat. The president may take questions during the signing,
President Trump has announced a 1pm news conference on the Omnibus spending bill - stand by for more
The Omnibus bill has now arrived at White House to receive either the president's signature, or his veto. Will more come at 1p WH briefing?
Mulvaney from White House podium said "let's cut right to the chase: is the president going to sign the bill? The answer is yes"
About the president's veto tweet: Budget Director Mick Mulvaney told reporters yesterday the president would sign the Omnibus bill
The U.S. Senate has passed the cloture procedural vote, 67-30, and now have started the final vote on the $1.3 trillion Omnibus spending bill
Watching tournament while awaiting Senate Omnibus vote. Realizing somehow I had Loyola-Chicago in my elite 8. must have been a lucky mistake
Sen. Rand Paul, who could delay vote on spending bill if he doesn’t agree to time limits, tells @Phil_Mattingly he's open to a compromise but no one from leadership has reached out. "If they'd like to do it in a more expeditious fashion, all they got to do is call me."
Rex Tillerson has left Washington for the last time as Secretary of State,. He took off for Texas late this morning. He;ll still be on the books until March 31st
Awful story from York, PA. A building that caught fire last night collapsed today on firefighters who were back at the scene. 1 firefighter died, 4 others hospitalized
Senator McConnell as he left floor, "We’re going to keep on trying to set up a vote.  We’ll let you know.”
The Dow's final number tweaked slightly...it ended down 724 points for the day
The Dow closes on the day of the president's China tariff announcement down 722 points
and the Dow has now dropped 700+ points
The Dow has now fallen 600 points
The Dow is now back down more than 500 points this afternoon
President Trump, asked at a White House forum for young conservatives what advice he would his 25-year-old self, replied with a laugh: “don’t run for president.”
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi says she is “sickened by the senseless shooting” by police in Sacramento, California that killed Stephon Clark, saying on Twitter, "his life mattered, and he should be alive today".
Wow. Sec. of State Tillerson in farewell at State Dept. tells workers to do act of kindness, because "this can be a very mean-spirited town". He added, "you don't have to participate in that"
Sen. Leahy asked Majority Leader, "when are we going to vote on the appropriations?”  McConnell, with a smile, replied, “Whenever Senator Paul decides we can.”  From our Daniella Diaz
President Trump, asked  by pool correspondent @jeffzeleny as he left the signing event if he would still like to testify before Special Counsel Robert Mueller, responded “yes, I would like to.  I would like to.”
President Trump defended congratulating Russian President Putin on his re-election during the call yesterday, saying in a tweet “getting along with Russia (and others) is a good thing, not a bad thing.”
@Scott_McCrary White House team, please keep an eye on Ryan today. It appears he must have slipped on the snow and hit his head...nothing else would account for that last tweet.
RT @rebeccagberg: Two *very* close races here in IL: 		Gov. Rauner now leads Ives by less than four points in the R Gov primary (63% report…
Important - Austin Police say this was an incendiary device, not a bomb. They say "at this time, we have no reason to believe this incident is related to  previous package bombs"
If this Austin incident is connected to the others, this would be the 6th explosion and the 7th bomb involved.
Austin EMS is taking one victim to the hospital from the package explosion - They say he is a man in 30's with "potentially serious, not expected to be life threatening injuries"
BREAKING -- Austin Fire and EMS say they have units on scene of another reported package explosion. One reported injury.
Rick Saccone has still not conceded, but President Trump just told the NRCC fundraising dinner that he lost
Senator Flake in the tweet said, '"Congress cannot preempt such a firing. Our only constitutional  remedy is after the fact, through impeachment. No one wants that  outcome. Mr. President, please don't go there"
GOP Senator Jeff Flake, again telling President Trump not to fire Robert Mueller, used the word impeachment as a consequence of that action.	 He wrote on Twitter, “We are begging the president not to fire the special counsel. Don't create a constitutional crisis." (more)
@edlavaCNN and it's only 2:45
The US-led coalition has observed pro-Syrian regime forces once again conducting a slow build-up east of the Euphrates River near where US troops are present advising local allies, according to multiple US and coalition officials. (from @barbarastarrcnn and Ryan @rabrowne75 )
The White House, on why the president isn’t firing special counsel Robert Mueller, said “We’re going to continue to be cooperative and we would like this to wrap up soon. We don’t feel that’s the most productive step forward but we would like to see this come to a conclusion. "
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said she does not believe election meddling or the UK nerve agent case came up in President Trump’s call with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
President Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin spoke today after Putin's re-election, two White House officials tell @danmericaCNN
The spokesperson for St. Mary's County, Maryland, says 3 people were injured in the shooting incident at Great Mills High School
The FBI and ATF have responded to the school scene in St. Mary's County, Maryland
The St. Mary's County school district confirms there has been a shooting and says the incident is now "contained".No details yet on injuries
There has been another school shooting this morning. This one in Maryland at Great Mills High School in St. Mary's County, SE of Washington
Remember when it almost hit 80 in DC in February? Yeah, we're paying for it....
President and Mrs. Trump are back at the White House. On the way in, the president ignored questions on special counsel Robert Mueller, and the new addition to the Trump legal team
The President of the United States just tweeted to his millions of followers that a Fox News personality will appear on a Fox News show.
The Austin police chief says unlike the other devices, tonight's bomb MAY have been triggered by a trip wire
Austin Police say Sunday night's explosion appears to be a bomb, and are working on the belief it is connected to other bombings
Austin Police say they are checking a 2nd item in the same neighborhood, a backpack, to make sure it is safe. They're urging people not to go near any packages they may see in that area
ATF personnel now also at scene in Austin
FBI agents and response team members seen gathering at scene of the explosion in Austin
Austin Police on social media are telling neighbors near the explosion scene to "wait in your homes and follow instructions of officers if/when given."
Austin EMS reports 2 male patients in their 20's being transported with serious but not believed life-threatening injuries. There is only one apparent scene (had been reports of 2nd scene).
Austin EMS says units are on the scene of a reported explosion there. They have at least two injuries in residential area. No word on type of explosion or if this may be connected to the package incidents
White House lawyer Ty Cobb: “In response to media speculation and related questions being posed to the Administration, the White House yet again confirms that the President is not considering or discussing the firing of the Special Counsel, Robert Mueller.”
The president and his team using different rhetoric this weekend towards Mueller investigation. Unclear: does it signal change in approach?
Lost among the storylines of this tournament: just how improbable it is that Ohio State is here. Picked near bottom in pre-season.
Ok- lousy first half. But Gonzaga will not shoot 58 percent in the second half. And we won't give up a 15-0 run. Stay tuned. #gobucks
Trump attorney John Dowd said he was speaking for himself, after the Daily Beast reported he first said he was speaking for the president
The president's tweet comes several hours after his attorney said Dep. Attorney General Rod Rosenstein should end the Mueller investigation
The president's tweet on the Mueller investigation ended with "WITCH HUNT!" in all capitals
President Trump just tweeted "the Mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime."
RT @_Pat_Murphy: Flagrant. Holtmann says “This is bull s**t.” He’s not wrong.
Ummm...not the start I was hoping for. 2 missed layups, an offensive foul and a turnover on first 4 trips. They'll settle down. #gobucks
I used to have a soft spot for Gonzaga when they were Cinderella. Not tonight. #gobucks
Buffalo: we thoroughly dominated a major high seeded program.		UMBC: hold my soda.		(college kids - had to substitute)
UMBC would replace Chaminade pulling off biggest upset in college basketball history here tonight. Both against Virginia.
The Justice Department disputes the claim he learned from a press release.  	A DOJ spokesperson says “Mr. McCabe and his attorney were informed in advance of any news media.”
But with a PR strategy in place, it is clear this was not a surprise
After Sec. of State Tillerson learned his fate from a presidential tweet, a representative for McCabe says he learned from a press release that he had been fired by Sessions.
McCabe statement: "The OIG’s focus on me and this report became a part of an unprecedented effort by the Administration, driven by the President himself, to remove me from my position, destroy my reputation, and possibly strip me of a pension that I worked 21 years to earn"
McCabe in statement after firing tonight said, "I am being singled out and treated this way because of the role I played, the actions I took, and the events I witnessed in the aftermath of the firing of James Comey"
AG Sessions said, "The FBI expects every employee to adhere to the highest standards of honesty, integrity, and accountability.  As the OPR proposal stated, “all FBI employees know that lacking candor under oath results in dismissal and that our integrity is our brand.”
AG Sessions in statement said investigations "concluded that Mr. McCabe had made an unauthorized disclosure to the news media and lacked candor − including under oath − on multiple occasions."
President Trump had tweeted Dec. 23 "FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits. 90 days to go?!!!"
RT @ShimonPro: “I absolutely never misled the inspector general in any way," Andrew McCabe said during an hour-long interview with CNN, cal…
BREAKING: Attorney General Jeff Sessions has fired former FBI deputy director Andrew McCabe just two days shy of his retirement
@jaketapper Night ain't over yet, either!
On a Friday evening, the president was in the Oval Office until around 6:30pm
The president today has signed the Taiwan Travel Act.The law “encourages visits between officials of the United States and Taiwan at all levels”. Not something likely to be favored by China. The signing was announced in release, tucked into a series of post office name signings
Donald Jr and Vanessa Trump joint statement:  "After 12 years of marriage, we have decided to go our separate ways. We will always have tremendous respect for each other and our families. We have five beautiful children together and they remain our top priority."
US defense official says there are “likely fatalities” involved the crash of  the US military HH-60 in western Iraq near the border with Syria.
Operation Inherent Resolve statement: "A U.S. military aircraft has crashed in western Iraq with U.S. service members aboard. Rescue teams are responding to the scene of the downed aircraft at this time...investigation will be initiated to determine the cause of the incident"
A US military HH-60 helicopter with 7 personnel on board has crashed in western Iraq near border with Syria, 2 defense officials say. No word on the fate of those on board. It was not on combat mission at time. from @barbarastarrcnn and Ryan Browne. More to come
Fire Chief in Miami says 8 cars were trapped under the collapsed bridge. 8 people have taken to the hospital. They have not said how many people were killed.
Pamela Brown and Evan Perez confirm Special Counsel Robert Mueller has subpoenaed the Trump Organization for business documents. The New York Times reported the subpoena included documents related to Russia.
Police say there are several fatalities after a bridge under construction collapsed onto traffic in Miami, next to Florida International University. At least 5 to 6 others injured
The admiral who oversees US military operations in the Indo-Pacific says  "we can't be overly optimistic on outcomes" when President Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un meet
The White House says the president will hold a closed meeting with Bill Gates tomorrow afternoon
@karentravers @gtownjoe @KatieTFarrell @MrsLasky she;ll still have two more teams than me in the final 4. i like her championship game
RT @jessemckinley: I sometimes scoff (snobbily) at the practice of placing reporters at board of election HQs for live reports, but @CNN's…
There is no projection in the race, but Democratic candidate Conor Lamb is claiming victory early this morning in a special U.S. House race in the heart of Trump Country.  “It took a little longer than we thought, but we did it”, Lamb told cheering supporters
The difference right now between Lamb and Saccone is 579 votes
Washington County, PA's Board of Elections tells CNN they WILL count their absentee votes tonight after all
@onmylawn CNN was at Allegheny County Board of Elections when they counted the absentee., the 847 was margin after that was counted
95 votes separate Lamb and Saccone right now...95. Out of 220,000+ votes cast
This is a warehouse in Allegheny County, PA where board of elections workers will count more than 3000 absentee votes https://t.co/XFuDxq3VnK
So...what if??  Pennsylvania Secretary of State spokesperson Wanda Murren tells us because this is a district race and not statewide, there is no mandatory recount here. Petitions are allowed, which require three voters in each precinct to make.
First stop for the president in California: the 8 border wall prototypes standing near the US/Mexico border
One person Tillerson did not thank: President Trump. The only mention of Trump came at the top of the statement when Tillerson mentioned that the President has called him “a little after noontime from Air Force One” to talk about his ouster. (from @danmericaCNN)
Tillerson didn't take questions, ended his remarks saying '"I'll now return to private life as a private citizen, as a proud American, proud of the opportunity I've had to serve my country"
Air Force One has landed at Marine Air Station Miramar in San Diego, as  President Trump makes his first trip to California since taking office
RT @jeffzeleny: Tillerson said he received a call from @realDonaldTrump around Noon today from Air Force One, more than three hours after h…
Tillerson is delegating all authorities as of today to Deputy Sec. of State Sullivan. Official end of tenure will be March 31st.
Tillerson said he will officially end his role as of midnight March 31st
Tillerson speaking now -- CNN live
President Trump, in a phone call with British Prime Minister May today, agreed Russia “must provide unambiguous answers regarding how this chemical weapon, developed in Russia, came to be used in the United Kingdom", the White House said
It seems unusual for a top administration official dismissed like this to make a statement from the podium
Outgoing Sec. of State Tillerson will speak at 2pm
In last week, President Trump has lost his top economic adviser and his top foreign affairs official over policy disagreements
This intriguing comment from Pres. Trump: "I am really at a point where we are close to having the Cabinet and others things that I want".
The sources said Pres. Trump told aides it underscored what he felt for months, that he and Tillerson were on different wavelengths
Two sources tell @Kevinliptakcnn that differences over North Korea talks was biggest factor in  Tillerson firing
another twist - State Dept. says Tillerson did not talk to be president and doesn't know the reason for his ouster
Trump longtime personal aide John McEntee is out at WH over security clearance, first reported by WSJ. He will join the Trump campaign
The most visible blowup was Tillerson saying the president was a moron-Tillerson never quite denied making the comment when pressed in intvs
There were signs from very early in the administration that Trump and his Secretary of State were often not on the same page. Iran, NK, ME
And last night, Tillerson went further than White House is saying Russian was very likely behind the UK nerve agent attack on former spy
Last week, President Trump agreed to the North Korea meeting just hours after Tillerson said we're a long way from negotiations.
If Tillerson knew Friday, he hid the news well. No indication of this as he talked to reporters last night on his way back from Africa trip
The president will nominate deputy director Gina Haspel as the first woman to lead the CIA
As President Trump leaves for California, bombshell announcement that Tillerson is out, Pompeo to be Sec. of State nominee
Failing to note it was GOP members’ finding, Pres. Trump tweets, "HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE HAS, AFTER A 14 MONTH LONG IN-DEPTH INVESTIGATION, FOUND NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION OR COORDINATION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA TO INFLUENCE THE 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION.”
Manu Raju and Jeremy Herb report Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee announced Monday they found no evidence that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia and that they are shutting down their yearlong investigation.
Among items the White House says the Federal Commission on School Safety will study and make recommendations on: "Effects of press coverage of mass shootings:"
A helicopter has crashed into the East River in Manhattan, near East 90th Street. Police and fire rescue units are on the scene
Ohio State - Xavier would be a fun game down road. But NCAA did us no favors in that 5 seed. Two tough games to even get to Sweet 16.
@PCBSNews19 @maxcaron31 will shed no tears that Penn State didn't make it. Beat the Bucks 3 times! That said, I agree with you on principle
Best time of the year - NCAA Tourney, baseball starting, actual sunlight until a decent hour!
A cold but beautiful morning in Pittsburgh. https://t.co/XF9BZWzIxu
A look at the crowd filling at the airplane hangar near Pittsburgh about an hour before the president speaks https://t.co/XKBmLS9nP6
The president took only that one question on NK, and didn't answer a question about Stormy Daniels as he walked to Marine One.
On North Korea, Pres. Trump said "it's going to be something very special. We have a lot of support."
As he left White House, the president told reporters "I think N. Korea is going very well. I think we're going to have tremendous success"
I was in this same hangar at the Pittsburgh airport for a Trump in summer of 2016. A little warmer that day in here! https://t.co/vdPwC8nhHX
"We are the World" is one of the songs playing at the Trump rally today - that's a new one on the playlist
On the way to Pittsburgh where Pres. Trump holds a rally tonight in an airport hangar just after 7p - 3 days before special PA-18 election
VP Pence in Cleveland: "progress is being made. A meeting is being planned. But the world should know this. North Korea should know this. All options are on the table and we will continue to apply maximum pressure until North Korea abandons its nuclear program once and for all.”
@politiCOHEN_ Browns will go from 0-16 to making the playoffs this year
@MarshallCohen also: Monday: talks to every media outlet imaginable		Today: I won't be making any statements
In the statement, press secretary Sarah Sanders said Pres. Trump "will accept the invitation to meet with Kim Jong Un at a place and time to be determined. We look forward to the denuclearization of North Korea. In the meantime, all sanctions and maximum pressure must remain"
The White House in a statement confirms President Trump will accept the invitation to meet North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, but does not give a timeframe.
BULLETIN -- The South Korean national security adviser announced Thursday that President Trump said he will meet Kim Jong-un, by May, following Kim's invitation to meet with Trump
South Korean national security adviser speaking now -- CNN live
Awaiting the statement from the South Korean national security adviser outside the West Wing on North Korea https://t.co/AU6InVaL02
From our Ryan Browne at the Pentagon: Pro-Syrian regime forces have once again recently begun massing east of the Euphrates River near where US troops are present while advising local allies, according to three US military officials.
Fox News and the Daily Caller are the two US news outlets called on at today's joint news conference
WH deputy press secretary Hogan Gidley said "Kellyanne Conway did not advocate for or against the election of any particular candidate. She simply expressed the President’s obvious position that he have people in the House and Senate who support his agenda"
White House spokesman Hogan Gidley defended counselor Kellyanne Conway over the claim she violated the Hatch Act in two television interviews, saying "Kellyanne’s statements actually show her intention and desire to comply with the Hatch Act".  from @acosta
Good time to tune into The Lead with Jake Tapper on CNN
DACA protesters being arrested outside US Capitol after chaining themselves together blocking street https://t.co/TxM283nTSL
Official tells @Acosta “however, our main focus right now is getting Syria and it Russian/Iranian enablers to comply with the UNSC resolution to stop hostilities." This weekend, WH condemned "ongoing military offensive that the Assad regime, backed by Russia and Iran"perpetrating
A senior administration official tells @Acosta , “I think it’s fair to say that we are considering a number of options – including military” as they deal with the situation in Syria, including the regime’s use of chlorine gas. (more)
The real question tonight: will I embarrass myself more in the Oscar pool or my NCAA tournament bracket?
@TheOtherBigO I was
The car with Alabama plates towed by Secret Service and DC Metro Police after being searched for 4 hours https://t.co/Wj76TXSQey
Scene at 16th and K where Secret Service and D.C. Metro Police investigated car for 4 hours after shooting outside WH https://t.co/Ikkztj86DQ
Secret Service says man fired several shots before fatally shooting himself outside North Lawn fence
The scene outside the White House from 15th and New York Avenue. Police are starting to reopen streets https://t.co/Gn79LqKec4
There is no word yet on the condition of the person who has apparently shot themself outside  White House
The Secret Service tells our @ElizLanders no protectees were inside White House at time. Just a single shot was fired
The Secret Service says no one else was injured - area sealed off
Incident outside White House: Secret Service says someone allegedly shot themself at the fence line outside the North Lawn
welp...guess I don't have to worry about getting to New York for the Big  Ten Championship game after all. 3 losses to Penn State...ugh.  #gobucks
Some minor damage from the windstorm to the White House itself tonight. Our photojournalist Bill Alberter shot this roofing on the North Portico flapping in the wind https://t.co/taIiyxZ6Nc
The canopy on the White House north lawn by CBS News for live reports was knocked down by the high winds today. Everyone was ok. A wind gust of 66 mph had been reported nearby by the Washington Post in that same hour. Photo from our Bill Alberter https://t.co/EaUoHOmWpd
@betsy_klein read the Dulles pilot report!
Our @JDiamond1 takes his Inaugural flight on Air Force One as pool producer - with 60 mile an hour winds and rough conditions. Sorry, Jeremy
@JoeConchaTV once...
Already reports of trees falling on several houses in Montgomery County, MD, and trees down in northwest DC.
Well, this is going to be an interesting storm. These are far from the strongest gusts, and my building in Pentagon City is already shaking
The meeting and portrayal of it from Cox come after the president yesterday did back some forms of gun control legislation and said some guns should be taken without due process
BREAKING -  The executive director of the NRA legislative wing, Chris Cox, says he met tonight with President Trump and Vice President Pence tonight, saying “POTUS &amp; VPOTUS support the Second Amendment, support strong due process and don’t want gun control”.
@ryanstruyk what are the odds she may have been truthful with the pollster?
Speaker Paul Ryan wants President Trump to reconsider the tariff proposal.	 Ryan spokesman Doug Andres said, “The speaker is hoping the president will consider the unintended consequences of this idea and look at other approaches before moving forward."  From @acosta
GOP Senator Ben Sasse on President's tariff proposal: "You'd expect a policy this bad from a leftist administration, not a supposedly Republican one."
Sessions in the statement said of the IG review, "We have initiated the appropriate process that will ensure complaints against this Department will be fully and fairly acted upon if necessary."
The statement is a remarkable public response from Sessions to another critical comment from President Trump directed at him and the Justice Department
The statement comes hours after President Trump used the word "DISGRACEFUL" in a tweet criticizing the Attorney General for IG review of FISA questions
Attorney General Sessions statement, "As long as I am the Attorney General, I will continue to discharge my duties with integrity and honor, and this Department will continue to do its work in a fair and impartial manner according to the law and Constitution. "
Dwayne Wade wrote in a social media post on the win, "Joaquin Oliver and Henry Thomas thanks for being my angels tonite." (Thomas is his former agent who passed away last month)
Miami's Dwayne Wade yesterday dedicated rest of season to Joaquin Oliver, who was killed in the Parkland shooting and laid to rest in his Wade jersey. Tonight, Wade hit the game winning shot for the Heat.
A UN Security Council diplomat tells CNN that North Korea has been  sending supplies to Syria that could be used to produce chemical  weapons. from our Richard Roth and Angela Dewan	  https://t.co/gBnz00354u
RT @mkraju: House Intel Dem Mike Quigley told us that Hicks is not answering questions about her time in WH and transition	She has not expl…
Senator Jeff Flake will undoubtedly fuel speculation he'll mount a primary challenge to President Trump with this stop. WMUR reports Flake will appear at a Politics and Eggs event Manchester, New Hampshire on March 16th
@wfaalauren i have reoccurring tornado dreams, too! they're the only ones i have over and over -- well, except for showing up for a college exam i didn't study for. but that was rooted in reality
Senator Bob Corker not changing his mind. His chief of staff tells @mkraju, after thinking about it, Corker still won't run for re-election
Florida Gov. Rick Scott is among the more than 30 Governors at White House tonight for the Governor's Ball
President Trump on Fox says he wants to do the military parade on Penn, Avenue, but at a reasonable cost. "If we can't, we won't do it."
RT @PrestonCNN: In the seat tonight, @ryanobles is doing a great job anchoring @CNN’s news coverage.
President Trump in a tweet tonight on the Russia investigation claimed "this whole Witch Hunt is an illegal disgrace".
from @tedbarrettcnn:   The second-ranking Senate Republican broke with President Donald Trump Friday when he told CNN that Trump’s proposal to raise to 21 the age limit to buy a rifle may not “save lives” and doesn’t get at the “root of the problem.”
Some tense moments near White House when minivan slams into barrier at security checkpoint. Driver arrested, no one hurt. Car never breached grounds. Woman is known to USSS, believed to have mental health issues,
President Trump criticizes school resource officer who didn't go into high school, "didn't have the courage....certainly did a poor job"
A spokesman for President George HW Bush says the former president will be unable to attend the funeral of Billy Graham next week. “He cannot, and he regrets it very much”, Jim McGrath told us.
White House deputy press secretary Raj Shah, after the NRA said they still oppose any age limits on buying guns, said "We don't expect to agree with the NRA on every single issue "
President Trump on NRA: "I’ve spoken to them often in the last two days. It’s not a battle — I think the NRA wants to do the right thing."
President Trump on the NRA: '  "I don't think I'll be going up against them. They’re going to do what’s right. They’re very close to me. I’m close to them. The NRA wants to do the right thing."
I take it all back! USA! USA! That was actually a fun shootout
I'd much prefer sudden death overtime until we have a winner than a shootout deciding the Gold
i think i needed this. a baby elephant and a service dog... https://t.co/wf7tIVi4Gg
@betsy_klein i don't know, but it appears Marlon Bundo is eating well. VERY well...
2nd line of Pres. Trump memo on bump stocks:  "Although the Obama Administration repeatedly concluded that particular bump stock type devices were lawful to purchase and possess, I sought further clarification of the law restricting fully automatic machine guns."
The two have not always seen eye to eye (including last week), and Donald Trump passed him over to be his secretary of state, but the president tonight is endorsing Mitt Romney’s bid for the US Senate in Utah.
The White House will have its first briefing in a week tomorrow at 2pm
Air Force One lands in the fog at Joint Base Andrews, as the first family returns from West Palm Beach https://t.co/Ew4OiOFKuh
No details, but the White House says President Trump discussed the Parkland shooting with Speaker Ryan, among other topics during their meeting today at Mar-a-lago.
From Jeff Zeleny and Dan Merica in West Palm Beach  https://t.co/89GLfV21KO
@samtayrey I never knew cows could swim...
RT @kaitlancollins: In which the president corrects his national security adviser. https://t.co/Wr1acZmaEC
Pres. Trump wrote in late night tweet" very sad" FBI missed all the signals sent out by Parkland shooter, says "this is not acceptable"
Pres.Trump criticizes FBI for handling tip on Parkland shooter, accuses them of "spending too much time trying to prove Russian collusion"
President Trump will address the nation at 11am ET on the Parkland school shooting
update: Five of the victims brought to the Broward Health Hospitals from the shooting are in "life-threatening condition".
RT @wsvn: HEARTBREAKING: Text message from student to parent during Marjory Stoneman Douglas High shooting. Thankfully, this child is safe.…
Hospitals say at least 3 of the wounded are in critical condition tonight.
The sheriff says 12 people were shot and killed in the building. Two people were killed just outside the school, and another person was killed on a road near the school. 2 other victims passed away at the hospital
The sheriff has now announced 17 people are dead in the Parkland shooting
BULLETIN-  our Evan Perez reports that law enforcement sources say there are at least 16 dead in the Parkland, Florida school shooting.
Sheriff Israel told reporters "It's catastrophic.  There really are no words."
Broward County Sheriff Scott Israel says he just spoke to President Trump, who offered the resources of the federal government.
The suspect was shooting both outside and inside the school, the sheriff says
The sheriff says SWAT teams are still clearing the school, which is a very large campus.
Sheriff says the suspect was not a current student, but had gone to the school at one point. The suspect is 18 years old
Broward County Sheriff Scott Israel says his kids graduated from the high school where the shooting happened
RT @ryanobles: Student to @jaketapper on live television (almost matter of factually): "It is a real blessing to still be alive." 		Kid jus…
A teacher being interviewed now by Jake Tapper says her friend witnessed 3 bodies on the ground
Law enforcement officials say at least two people have been killed in the shooting.
The White House says “The President has spoken with Governor Scott of Florida and offered federal assistance if needed"
School superintendent Robert Runcie said there are "numerous fatalities" in the Parkland, Florida high school shooting
Officials say a suspect is in custody in the Parkland, FL school shooting
U.S. Senator Bill Nelson said he has been told by the superintendent of schools in Parkland, Florida “he believes there are a number of fatalities” in the Parkland, Florida school shooting.  Nelson spoke with Jake Tapper on CNN’s The Lead.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders says President Trump has been briefed and is monitoring the situation in Parkland, Florida after the school shooting there.  (from @AlliemalCNN  )
Our affiliate WSVN is reporting 20 injuries in the shooting incident at the high school in Parkland, Florida
The incident is at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, FL  near Coral Springs. At least one person has been transported to hospital (fixes last tweet)
Shooting at high school in Parkland, Florida with injuries.
The White House says the President has been briefed on the incident at Ft. Meade, at the entrance gate to the NSA. (From @ElizLanders)
@seanspicer @CNN @MSNBC @NBCNews @washingtonpost https://t.co/iRhK5hWHfi
Politics is a ruff business.   https://t.co/wtDFFEyMeM
Our affiliate WLS reports a Chicago Police officer has been shot and killed in downtown Chicago. This is 6th officer nationally killed in line of duty in last 8 days. @ABC7Chicago says he is a high ranking district commander
Update on Southwest plane: John Wayne Airport says fire was in auxiliary power unit.  139 passengers and 5 crew members evacuated. There were a few minor injuries but no transports. Plane was heading to San Jose.
Southwest Airlines 737, Flight 2123, evacuated by slides after landing at John Wayne Airport in Orange County, CA. Airport says a reported fire is out.
at one station i worked at, we were doing fonts for special report and noon newscast at same time.  font operator had finished font for trial sound bite when special got live interview with the mayor. in the haste, it read the mayor's name on one line, convicted murdered on next https://t.co/wLcmOVFmSB
RT @wsbtv: Officer Chase Maddox’s son is often required to be in a wheelchair … so the community is raising money to get him a special van…
RT @nbc4i: This is fallen #Westerville Police Officer Eric Joering's K9, Sam. He was in the back of Officer Joering's cruiser during the sh…
@TheOtherKeppler @Phil_Mattingly this is how i always envisioned it from this end of the phone
As first reported by @ElizLanders,  President Trump is holding rally near Pittsbugh before special  election. We now know location: Ambridge, Pennsylvania at high school  gym at 7pm next Wednesday
@marchmadness as were the Buckeyes
RT @BreanneWXYZ: UPDATE: the officer is in stable condition tonight at Detroit Receiving     @detroitpolice officer shot in the leg on the…
Our Detroit affiliates report a Detroit Police officer has been shot late tonight. Officer taken to hospital - no word yet on condition.
@mj_lee @JasmineLeeCNN The realization didn't come easily (even if the fact was apparent since I was 14)
@mj_lee @JasmineLeeCNN I recently came to accept I will never slam dunk a basketball...
A second officer has now died in the shooting in Westerville, Ohio. a suburb just northeast of Columbus.
Awful week. Officers were lost in the line of duty this week in Colorado Springs, Richardson, TX, Locust Grove, GA and now Westerville, OH
Pres. Trump won’t release the Democratic memo, sent it back to the House Intelligence Committee for changes. WH counsel said in letter “although the president is inclined to declassify" memo, he is unable to do so at this time” because of sensitive and classified info
RT @JDiamond1: Scoop: Deputy CoS Jim Carroll expected to leave West Wing &amp; will be announced as early as today as drug czar nominee. Depart…
It must be a Friday night...
@EdithChapin this collection of players could probably finish 2nd in the NL East
The House final vote is now expected between 4:15am and 5am. 	The Steve going to bed is now expected between 5am and 5:01am.
Of the now 19 government shutdowns, this would be the 5th to last one day or less if the House passes the budget deal (and when it's signed, of course)
The historic Ohio Clock outside the chamber moments after the second government shut down began, as the Senate went back into session https://t.co/EeqBjruEMa
RT @TheOtherKeppler: Welcome to Shutdown 2.0 https://t.co/6z4HB4yXBm
With Congress unable to pass a budget deal before the midnight deadline, the United States Government is shut down for the second time in less than three weeks. The Senate is expected to pass the budget deal early this morning, with vote expected later this morning in the House
Senator Rand Paul, blocking the vote that would prevent shutdown, said tonight "I can't in all good honesty, in all good faith, just look the other way because my party is now complicit in the deficits"
A senior administration official says the White House is instructing agencies at this hour to begin shutdown preparations in the event that Congress fails to pass a budget before the midnight deadline.
VP Pence told the US forces at Yokota Air Base “as the Old Book says, the “soldier does not bear the sword in vain”, and we will defeat any attack and meet any use of conventional or nuclear weapons with a response that is rapid, overwhelming, and effective.”
VP Pence, addressing US troops in Japan before heading to South Korea, said the US will continue to intensify its maximum pressure campaign on North Korea, but warned “let the world know, from here at Yokota air base and beyond: we are ready for any eventuality.”
@elisewho 2018?
RT @ElizLanders: .@CNN Exclusive airing tonight: @VP44 says that he would advise the president not to sit down with Robert Mueller for an i…
@JasonHoffman93 please ignore jason. he has suffered greatly over his Mizzou sports program and knows not what he says
Vice President Pence said late tonight in Alaska the “fundamentals of the economy continue to be very strong”, calling the plunge on Wall Street today “simply that ebb and flow of our stock markets”.
While as a rule I can't like Philadelphia teams (Red Wings-Flyers thing), I will make an exception for this likable Eagles team
Mike Lombardi, any thoughts now about Doug Peterson as an NFL head coach?
Yeah. We've seen this movie before, Atlanta and Jacksonville are saying....
Update: the SC Emegency Management spokesman now says only two confirmed deaths in Amtrak crash, matching what sheriff's dept. is reporting
A news conference is expected around 6:30am with latest on the Amtrak crash near Columbia, SC
A South Carolina Emergency Management spokesman tells CNN there are now 3 people dead in the Amtrak crash, and more than 50 hurt
Sheriff's department says at least 2 people are dead, and more than 50 have been transported to area hospitals from the Amtrak crash in SC
Amtrak says it carried 139 passengers and 8 crew members. The lead engine and some of the passenger cars derailed.
The passenger train involved in Amtrak train 91, going between New York City and Miami
There has been a collision early this morning involving an Amtrak train and a freight train in West Columbia, South Carolina with injuries
If there's a dramatic comeback like last year, the president will have to see it on AF1. They're scheduled to leave before end of game
President and Mrs. Trump will be at the Trump International Golf Club for the Super Bowl, and watch the Florida Atlantic U. marching band
@maggieNYT why would you bring up something that happened six months ago??
@SarahPalinUSA our coverage of this today    https://t.co/NAesnt6Jl6
@KellieMeyerNews probably was air force one -- was wheels up out of Joint Base Andrews around 445p
Our Money team reports the Dow’s last single-day decline of 600 points was June 24, 2016.
WH on the Democratic memo:  "the Administration stands ready to work with Congress to accommodate oversight requests consistent with applicable standards, including the need to protect intelligence sources and methods.”
President Trump didn't answer shouted questions on the memo or on the future of deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein as he walked to Marine One on the South Lawn
Stocks are down 550 points, with 90 minutes before the close of trading today
attention @jaketapper https://t.co/H9krCjYs5q
@kelsey_snell on a cold day of a government shutdown with nothing on mall open? wouldn't be any traffic to care, right?
@DianneG i miss the state of the union address last month, errr, 24 hours ago....
New reporting from Pamela Brown, Evan Perez and Laura Jarrett: sources say the president in December meeting with Rosenstein wanted to know where special counsel's investigation was heading, and whether Rosenstein was "on my team."		  https://t.co/993WEuz7QQ
President Trump's 2:15p meeting with workers on tax reform has now been open for press coverage - his only event day after State of Union
Not only is there no road trip,  President Trump has no open events on the day after the State of the Union as of now. (Always subject to change)
The president comes down Pennsylvania Avenue returning from Capitol.We're told the First Lady was returning with him. https://t.co/GegbrxcSsg
President Trump's attorneys are arguing special counsel Robert Mueller's team has not met the high threshold they believe is needed to interview a president in person, according to sources familiar with ongoing deliberations. From @PamelaBrownCNN and @GloriaBorger
@politiCOHEN_ So she can say I told you so! Perk of being a mom
@KellieMeyerNews + 1 (that's little defense against being a politics nerd, though)
Shimon Prokupecz and Pamela Brown report in an all-employee email to FBI staff, FBI Dir. hinted that an inspector general investigation about the 2016 handling of the Clinton email probe played a role in McCabe’s departure, according to sources who have seen the memo.
Sarah Sanders says "the president was not part of the decision-making process" on McCabe
A source familiar tells @Acosta FBI Director Christopher Wray told McCabe he is bringing in his own team and that the writing was on the wall ,that he was not going to be on the team and that it was his move to make.
From Evan Perez's reporting:  The announcement came as a surprise but the fact that McCabe had been under pressure by the president and other Republicans loomed over the decision. McCabe was eligible with accumulated leave to retire with full benefits
More from our Evan Perez:  One source briefed on the matter said McCabe announced his decision to senior executives and portrayed it as his decision.  The source disputed the characterization that McCabe was removed.
From our Justice team One source said FBI Deputy Director McCabe's  departure was not in the plans as of Friday.  The source said McCabe was told this morning to step down.  A second source described McCabe’s departure as being “removed”.
This is what the president tweeted about McCabe on December 23rd:  "FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits. 90 days to go?!!!"
NEW: President Trump has been venting about about Deputy AG Rosenstein -- who oversees Mueller and the special counsel investigation  Reporting from Sara Murray, Kara Scannell, Dana Bash and Pam Brown	  https://t.co/MCtyG0Oo0U
@amyewalter @PowerPost + 1
Latest numbers from Kentucky State Police on today's horrible school shooting at Marshall County High School: 2 dead, 20 injured, 15 of them shot. Victims ranged in age from 14 to 18
Manchin will join CNN's @NewDay in the 8am hour tomorrow
Frustrated Democratic Senator Joe Manchin tells New York Times' @jmartNYT he will run for re-election, but says he told colleagues "this place sucks"
Gov. Bevin confirms the suspect in the shooting at the high school is in custody
Kentucky Gov. Bevin confirms one person dead, multiple others injured in the school shooting in Marshall County, KY.
State Department tells @eliselabottcnn that American citizens are among the dead in this weekend's attack on Intercontinental Hotel in Kabul
President Trump tonight signed the short term spending bill funding the government until February 8th, ending the three-day government shutdown, White House says
President Trump held two meetings with groups of Senators today on immigration. First with conservative Republicans Cotton, Cornyn, Grassley, Lankford, Perdue, and Tillis. Then a short time ago, he met with red state Democrats Manchin and Jones
WH press secretary Sarah Sanders says if all goes as expected this afternoon, President Trump will go on the trip to Davos this week
Pres. Trump statement: "As I have always said, once the government is funded my administration will work toward solving the problem of very unfair illegal immigration. We will make a long-term deal on immigration if and only if it is good for our country"
Statement from Pres. Trump read at briefing: 'I am pleased the Democrats and Congress have come to the senses and are now willing to fund our great military, border patrol, first responders and insurance for vulnerable children"
Source says Congressman Cedric Richmond in House Democratic conference meeting said about Senate Democrats, “They are getting their butts kicked"
Ohio Senator Sherrod Brown says "there's no way Democrats caved". He said "McConnell made a pledge in front of the world... I’m counting on him and I think he will"
Also voting no mentioned at 2020 possibles: Gillibrand and Murphy
Among the 16 Democratic note votes: possible 2020 candidates Booker, Harris, Sanders, and Warren
The Senate passes the key procedural vote to advance the 3-week continuing resolution, 81-18
Sen. Kamala Harris not happy with compromise, says of Sen. McConnell, 'I don’t believe he made any commitment whatsoever and I think it would be foolhardy to believe he made a commitment"
President Trump will speak later today, likely House votes, White House official tells @jeffzeleny
Schumer says Democrats will vote to reopen the government
@laurabernardini thank you!! whew
White House legislative affairs director Marc Short just arrived in the Capitol. He said doesn’t believe the president has spoken with Sen. Schumer today. He said the WH has been in touch with McConnell and Schumer staff
Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn just emerged from Majority Leader McConnell’s office expressing more optimism.  He would not give details - and would not say if they have 60 to break a filibuster on three-week CR. But he said “I’m a little more optimistic”.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell will speak around 9pm on the Senate floor to  provide “an update on where things stand”, his spokesman says
@Phil_Mattingly please excuse my friend Phil. he's been working 100 hours without sleep...
@LaurenPozenWSB 1a vote. This isn't going to work. contingency plans being made
A sad sign that I was working all weekend - the regular coke side in the bureau is cleaned out. https://t.co/Uaqr5Yg2hB
Two sources familiar with the meeting between Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Minority Leader Chuck Schumer tell @mkraju it has not yet led to a deal over when to hold DACA votes and whether to support the 3-week CR.
Sen. Susan Collins after she say other Senator met with McConnell updating him on bipartisan meeting: "He listened very carefully, I remain optimistic.”
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Minority Leader Schumer are meeting now, aides say they are discussing their options. This will determine if something may happen tonight. from @Phil_Mattingly
The White House has called a "lid" -- we will againnot see the president on camera today
The Pentagon says the Armed Forces Network channel will now be able to remain operating during shutdown - troops can now see the playoffs
The White House says there is now a "lid" -- means we will not hear from President Trump on camera today
So sad to hear that WTVN Radio's John Corby passed away. One of nicest and funniest person you'd ever met. Was a huge fan -- honored to have been lucky enough to have worked with him at @610wtvnnews
Our @barbarastarrcnn reports one impact of the shutdown:  deployed troops won't be able to watch tomorrow's NFC and AFC championships games, because the armed services network is closed
White House reiterates Pres. Trump won't negotiate immigration reform until Dems "stop playing games and reopen the government"
McConnell blasts Schumer in speech on Senate floor, says Dems chose shutdown for their own political purposes, "foolishly done"
Schumer says he still hopes the four Congressional leaders can meet with the president
Sen. Schumer: "negotiating with President Trump is like negotiating with jello"
The White House says President Trump has now spoken a couple of times today with Sen. Mitch McConnell, talked to Speaker Ryan in last hour
The State Department had warned Thursday that extremist groups may be planning attacks on sites like hotels in Kabul
Our International Desk reports gunmen have attacked the Intercontinental Hotel in Kabul. No word yet on casualties.
Sen. Minority Leader Chuck Schumer will hold a news conference at 12:45p et
Pres. Trump spoke with Sen. McConnell this morning. Budget Director Mick Mulvaney and Legislative Affairs Dir. Marc Short on the Hill today.
The key procedural vote is underway on the Senate floor -- will take at least 15 minutes. 60 votes needed to pass cloture...the votes are not there
A Democratic Senator tells @DanaBashCNN the Democrats expect a shutdown tonight.
Senator Tester emerges from Democratic caucus meeting, saying"I don't think anything has changed"
Senator Majority Whip John Cornyn and White House legislative affairs director Marc Short both just told reporters at the Capitol, “no deal”
Graham offering compromise idea, calling for a continuing resolution through February 8th, says "I believe that we will need a CR that runs past the week of the State of the Union."
Senator Graham just walked into Majority Leader McConnell's office, joining a group of Senators including  Flake, Murkowski, Collins, and Rounds already there
GOP Senators Flake, Murkowski, Collins and Rounds have gone into Majority Leader McConnell’s office, @TalKopan tells us
3 hours to go...Senate Democrats meeting this hour ahead of planned 10pm procedural test vote (not likely to pass)
Despite the potential shutdown, Vice President Pence is going on the trip to the Middle East. The Vice President and Mrs. Pence have boarded Air Force Two at Joint Base Andrews, heading first to Egypt
North Dakota Democratic Senator Heidi Heitkamp says she will vote yes on  the short term spending bill, the third red state Democrat to announce  support for the resolution.
Senator Heithamp in a statement said "my vote to keep the government open is not an endorsement for a bill that just kicks the can down the road another few weeks”.
With under seven hours to go before the government shutdown deadline, two  sources tells @Phil_Mattingly and @mkraju that Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Minority Leader Schumer still haven’t spoken and don’t currently have a conversation scheduled.
A source familiar with the call tells @acosta that President Trump just spoke with Speaker Paul Ryan.
Indiana Senator Joe Donnelly is the second Democratic Senator to say he will vote yes on the short term spending bill.   He said in a floor statement, “Keeping the government running is our job, and I will vote to keep the government running”.  from @KilloughCNN
Who will public blame for shutdown? New CNN poll says 21% will blame President Trump. 26% will blame GOP in Congress, 31% blame Dems in Congress, and 10% all of them
White House Budget Director Mick Mulvaney (a former member of Congress) puts the likelihood of a government shutdown at 50/50
Sen. Angus King opposed adjourning: "I don't understand why we're adjourning when we're in this urgent situation. We can vote tonight on cloture and have an entire day tomorrow to work on this matter. We're, this is, irresponsible and I just don't understand"
President Trump as he tours Pittsburgh area factory calls Rick Saccone,  the GOP candidate in special Congressional election in Pennsylvania ,  "Trump before Trump",  says he'll be back to campaign for him
President Trump outside Pentagon says government "very well could" be shut down, says "worst thing is what happens to our military"
President Trump will make a statement to the pool shortly when he arrives at the Pentagon for meetings with senior military leaders
On Fox, Newt Gingrich actually said White House reporters should be put on YouTube "and have thumbs up and thumbs down. Thumbs up means they get to stay. Thumbs down, kick him out of the White House".
White House Chief of Staff John Kelly acknowledges money to pay for the wall will not come directly from the Mexican government. In an interview on Fox, he said the US may get the money “one way or another” from Mexico through visa fees, a renegotiation of NAFTA or other ways
The Quinnipiac poll has the president's approval rating on the economy at 48%. 46% say they disapprove, putting him in positive territory for first time in 4 months. He jumped 7 points on approval of handling of taxes in last month.
President Trump’s approval rating is at  38% in new Quinnipiac poll, 57% of register voters say they disapprove. 64% in poll say he is doing more to divide the country as president than to unite it.
President Trump tells Reuters' @steveholland1 in Oval Office interview, "Russia is not helping us at all with North Korea. What China is helping us with, Russia is denting. In other words, Russia is making up for some of what China is doing"
President Trump in interview with Reuters' @steveholland1 says about North Korea, "We’re playing a very, very hard game of poker and you don’t want to reveal your hand"
Romney, when moderator brought up the Senate race, laughed and said "I have nothing for you on that topic"
Mitt Romney at Salt Lake City Chamber summit says "I'm more optimistic for my party's prospects in 2018 than I think the media at large is suggesting"
@ForecasterEnten anyone have a brown paper bag i can hyperventilate into? #stillhavenotrecovered
@akosnitzky still my favorite Jim Rome bit (and coach quote)
@akosnitzky they're on television more than leave it to beaver...
The CBS News Special Report on April 4, 1968 when Dan Rather announced the assassination of Martin Luther King Junior. https://t.co/O5jxzRdlGC
@KatMcKinley the media asked last week about it and the first statement came several days later.
@KatMcKinley there's certainly no rule for it, and one would presume the president was briefed on the situation at the the time. But (more)
WH statement says the president has been briefed, continues monitoring. First couple expresses sympathy to families, prayers for missing
The White House issues its first comment on the California mudslide that has killed 20 people, six days after it happened
@jaketapper we like him anyway
VP and Mrs. Pence laid wreath at MLK Memorial today - it seems unusual that decision was made to do this without any press coverage
Parsing Sec. Neilsen's answer on Fox about president's comment. It was no blanket denial...said didn't recall "exact" or "specific" phrase
GOP Rep. Mia Love, who was critical of the President's comments on Haiti and African countries, tells @CNNSotu WH wants to meet with her
Of all the amazing calls by Keith Jackson, my most memorable may be "hold the phone!" on Miami penalty OSU in national championship game!
The Hawaii alert that went out is a false alarm. Guessing the system they're testing still needs a little more work
@ShaunKing  a comparison will come Tuesday when the White House doctor briefs on today's physical
@ShaunKing you should probably just notice the previous medical report you showed was issued a few days after the examination
Yep, those are tornado warnings. In Virginia. In January. And yep, it's going to snow here tomorrow...
The statement from Dr. Jackson did not give any details of the physical...he will brief reporters at the White House on Tuesday
White House doctor Ronny Jackson says President Trump is “in excellent health” following his physical today. In a very brief statement, Jackson said The President’s physical exam today at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center went exceptionally well".
@kreisnagel @Acosta not so. it was a long interview and he said both lines
GOP Senator Lindsey Graham, who was in the Oval Office during President  Trump’s comments yesterday, says “I said my piece directly to him  yesterday. The President and all those attending the meeting know what I  said and how I feel."
MLK's nephew Isaac Newton Farris, Jr tells @acosta he had conversation with President Trump in Oval Office about yesterday's remarks, says “the president just simply said to me that I’m not the guy that is being described in the media"
Feinstein statement: '“If the president can’t control himself and lead this country with the authority, dignity and leadership it requires, then he shouldn’t be the president. There’s no room for racism in the Oval Office.”
Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein says the president's comments "unquestionably diminish our country’s standing in the world"
Speaker Ryan at event in Milwaukee says President Trump's comments yesterday were "unfortunate" and  "unhelpful"
@about_scout no, it is open to pool reporters
President Trump, amid the controversy tonight over his remarks, will sign a proclamation tomorrow honoring Dr. Martin Luther King, Junior Day.  The event at 11:30am in the Roosevelt Room will be open to cameras.
The source told Deirdre Walsh they discussed the issue, not the tweet
President Trump and Speaker Paul Ryan spoke this morning after the President's first tweet on FISA, source tells @deirdrewalshcnn.
The president has signed the INTERCEPT Act into law, in an added Oval Office ceremony. Bill makes it easier for CBP officers to intercept illegal opioids coming into US
President Trump will hold a joint news conference at 3:20pm ET tomorrow  in the East Room with Prime Minister Solberg of Norway.
RT @GOPLeader: .@POTUS is right, we owe it to our veterans to give them the best. This executive order will improve veterans’ access to men…
President Trump, asked about Oprah, says"he knows her very well and "I don't think she's going to run", says he could beat her
President Trump's trip to Davos for the World Economic Forum will conclude just 4 days before his first State of the Union address
OK - I'm going to say it. The Buckeyes could have hung with either of these teams tonight.
The trip they're making between the stadium and Dobbins Air Reserve Base was my drive home every night when I lived in Atlanta. CNN HQ is next to stadium, and I lived around corner from base in Marietta.
@blakehounshell no Rose Bowl so far. I'd make an Ohio State reference here, but....
President Trump has left Mercedes Benz Stadium in Atlanta, en route to the airport, after watching the first half of the college football playoff national championship game.
Count President Trump’s daughter and WH adviser Ivanka Trump among those who liked Oprah Winfrey’s speech. She just tweeted, “Just saw @Oprah's empowering &amp; inspiring speech at last night’s #GoldenGlobe. Let’s all come together, women &amp; men, &amp; say #TIMESUP! #United”
President Trump on field for National Anthem at the national championship game in Atlanta (from pool signal) https://t.co/I4iDceWYaf
Pelosi on Oprah: "Oprah has read books, she knows how to identify talent.  So if we are going into a place where they are devaluing experience in terms of substance and legislative acumen and stuff like that, you might as well have somebody who knows what they don’t know"
Nancy Pelosi on possible Oprah Winfrey run: "I think one of the arguments for Oprah is 45.  I think one of the arguments against Oprah is 45". (45 referring of course to Pres. Trump)
President Trump not letting a very cold rain stop him from working the crowd on the rope line at the airport in Nashville
@SalenaZito my then-girlfriend stood up during the dinner scene and said "my God, that's you!!" She did not mean it as a compliment
@SalenaZito @RealRonHoward @MichaelKeaton my favorite movie character ever.
Chief of Staff John Kelly said there was "a lot of discussion on DACA, frankly" at retreat but there had no been any decision yet.
Pool reporter @ElizLanders says Chief of Staff John Kelly told them he hadn't seen president's tweets. When read them, he responded,  "ok"
President Trump answered "yeah" when asked if he was still committed to meeting with the special counsel Robert Mueller team if asked
President Trump said of the investigation "it's making or country look foolish. And this is a country that I don't want looking foolish".
The president said "when you know you've done nothing wrong, let's be open and get it over it...it's been very very bad for our country"
The president said of the investigation "we could have done it two ways.We could have been very closed and it would have taken years."(More)
Pres. Trump told reporters "there's been no collusion, there's been no crime. But we have been very open".
From the new set where we've done the White House specials this week https://t.co/JbirRW0EOT
Sec. Tillerson tells @eliselabottcnn, "I intend to be here for the whole year."
Sec. of State Tillerson says in interview with @eliselabottcnn his relationship with the president is a "developing one,". He said, "we don't have a lot of history in past, so part of this is us knowing -- coming to learn and understand one another"
Sec. of State Rex Tillerson tells @eliselabottcnn of the president, 'I've never questioned his mental fitness. I have no reason to question his mental fitness."
Pres. Trump tweeted on the Michael Wolff book, calling it “phony” and  “full of lies”, saying “watch what happens to him and Sloppy Steve”.  Appears to be new nickname for former chief strategist Steve Bannon, who  the president’s private attorney has threatened with legal action
The White House is bringing the press pool into the president's meeting with several GOP Senators on immigration
On a snowy tarmac in Delaware late tonight. @vp stood with his hand over his heart as the body of Army Sgt. 1st Class Mihail Golin was brought back to Dover Air Force. Sgt. Golin was killed on New Year’s Day in combat in Afghanistan.
@oliverdarcy Gail started to, it seemed like.
President Trump will have two meetings tomorrow with Republican Senators, one on immigration and one on legislative priorities. No photo ops for press at those meetings as of now
For the third straight workday, the president has no events open to the media tomorrow. Except for his return from Mar-a-lago Monday night, he has not done any open events this week. We saw him Friday at the brief photo op with the Coast Guard and at fire station a week ago
First Lady's comm. director Stephanie Grisham: “The book is clearly going to be sold in the bargain fiction section.Mrs. Trump supported her husband's decision to run for President and in fact, encouraged him to do so.She was confident he would win and was very happy when he did"
The White House is calling the Michael Wolff book on the Trump presidency “trashy tabloid fiction” that is “filled with false and misleading accounts from individuals who have no access or influence with the White House
Despite the harsh words and claim Bannon had little influence, the president has continued to talk to him since he left the White House job
Pres. Trump said of Bannon, "Steve pretends to be at war with the media, which he calls the opposition party, yet he spent his time at the White House leaking false information to the media to make himself seem far more important than he was. It is the only thing he does well"
President Trump in statement on Bannon says "Now that he is on his own, Steve is learning that winning isn’t as easy as I make it look...Steve doesn’t represent my base—he’s only in it for himself.”
President Trump has issued a scathing statement blasting former chief strategist Steve Bannon in the wake of the Michael Wolff book comments, saying “When he was fired, he not only lost his job, he lost his mind”.
The president deleted last night's tweet promoting the Hannity show.
The President of the United States using his Twitter account again  promoted a show on Fox News tonight that has centered on criticism of  the news media
Moments after the NK tweet, the President tweeted this: “I will be announcing THE MOST DISHONEST &amp; CORRUPT MEDIA AWARDS OF THE YEAR on Monday at 5:00 o’clock. Subjects will cover Dishonesty &amp; Bad Reporting in various categories from the Fake News Media. Stay tuned!”
President Trump, in a stark response to North Korea leader Kim Jung Un’s  New Year statement,  tweeted tonight, “I too have a Nuclear Button, but  it is a much bigger &amp; more powerful one than his, and my Button works!"
As David Chalian notes, Senator Hatch has been part of the confirmation process for every sitting member of the Supreme Court
President Trump had tried to convince Senator Hatch to run for another term, lobbying for it when hey flew to Utah on Air Force One a month ago
Senator Orrin Hatch, the longest serving GOP member in the Senate, will not seek re-election.  He said in a social media message, “after much prayer and discussion with family and friends I've decided to retire at the end of this term"
To update wording, 2017 was the eighth straight year with no fatal crashes involving a US airline. (There was the Asiana accident in SF)
@betsy_klein let the hoarding begin!!
@stevebruskCNN I can't do math. 8th straight year inside the US.
2017 is the 7th straight year there have been no commercial plane crash fatalities in the United States.
Not a fan (ahem -- the flag planting incident in the 'Shoe), but Baker Mayfield is the QB I'd most want my team to draft
The White House from the South Lawn this evening as we awaited the first family's return https://t.co/qpjWnHlPba
@carolinerkenny without their qb, Caroline! Clemson will beat them
@JoeConchaTV +1
Oh, and the wind chill is 10.
Air Force One about to depart West Palm Beach, where it is 74 degrees. Current temp at Joint Base Andrews: 21 https://t.co/jsSpQDHJeE
There have been tensions since then between the countries over terror suspects, but it's not clear what prompted today's tweet
In Oct, the president called Pakistan's help getting Caitlin Coleman and husband freed "very positive moment for our country's relationship"
The president's tweets are in sharp contrast to his October comments where said Pakistan is "starting to respect the United States again"
Pres. Trump tweeted of Pakistan this morning "they give safe haven to the terrorists we hunt in Afghanistan, with little help. No more!"
Pres. Trump this morning tweeted strong words on Pakistan, saying "they have given us nothing but lies &amp; deceit" after US aid over 15 years
The president has arrived at party at Mar-a-lago, made brief comments to reporters on the way in,  only said "we'll see" when asked about NK
Last year, Donald Trump as President-elect had a very newsy gaggle late on New Year's  Eve on his way into Mar-a-lago party, wearing his tux
Kim said "we are a responsible nuclear nation that loves peace",says if no aggression towards them, "we do not intend to use nuclear powers"
Kim Jung Un in New Year's address says "the nuclear button is always on the desk of my office".
Meanwhile, Kim Jung Un New Year's speech says "the entire mainland of the US is within the range of our nuclear weapons"
New WH statement on Iran uses peaceful and peacefully twice, encourages all parties "to avoid any actions that contribute to censorship"
Some New Year's Eve news. White House issues another statement on Iran protests, says voices of the Iranian people "deserve to be heard"
Most Browns fans I know would take the 0-16 season in exchange for keeping the Ravens out of the playoffs. Long memories in Cleveland.
@ZachDeanDBNJ this is right out of a scene in the replacments
Ten Americans were among the 12 people killed today in a plane crash in Costa Rica
https://t.co/thM6A8XpKo
The sheriff's department says the gunman was shot and is believed to be dead
Douglas County Sheriff's Dept says 1 deputy was killed, 4 other deputies and 2 civilians wounded. Started as domestic call near Denver
It remains an active scene in Douglas County, CO wtih large area blocked off. No word on condition of the injured deputies
Awful start to this New Year's Eve: outside Denver, the Douglas County Sheriff's Dept. says they have multiple deputies down on an incident
With this Wisconsin win, the Big Ten has more bowl wins than the SEC, ACC and PAC-12 combined.  Just sayin', committee...
The bowl results so far show the committee got it wrong. The best conference is not represented in the playoffs.
Thank you, JT Barrett! #gobucks
This team is better than Alabama. #gobucks
@EdithChapin nice win, Edith! making the big ten and the journalism community proud
The White House, in a statement on protests in Iran, said, “The Iranian government should respect their people’s rights, including their right to express themselves. The world is watching." The Friday night statement came after the State Department also supported the protesters.
RT @nytmike: How the interview with Trump went down at his golf club in West Palm Beach, Fla.	https://t.co/xlW50CWgAH
@RamCNN ha! i still like efforting. it's a cool newsroom term just vague enough it sounds like something might happen
RT @NoahGrayCNN: SPOTTED: POTUS checking out our camera outside the golf course today, as seen through @petermorrisCNN's lens https://t.co/…
President Trump hosting Coast Guard members for lunch and a golf scramble at this Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach today
US officials tell CNN indications are North Korea may be moving towards a ballistic missile test after New Year's.  @barbarastarrcnn reports recent moving of equipment indicates a possible missile test rather than a satellite launch at this point
@ryanstruyk arriving at 35x is exponentially better than departing from it!
Clarifying president's comment on the China oil story: asked how recent the oil matter was, he told NYT "It was very recently. In fact, I hate to say, it  was reported this morning, and it was reported on Fox".
Clarifying president's comment on the China oil story: he was how recent it was, he told NYT "It was very recently. In fact, I hate to say, it was reported this morning, and it was reported on Fox".
The president acknowledged he learned about the China/North Korea oil story watching Fox this morning.  Asked, "was that a picture from recent or was that months ago?”, he answered, “Oil is going into N. Korea, I know. Oil is going into N. Korea. So I’m not happy about it."
President Trump told the New York Times on North Korea “I have been soft on China because the only thing more important to me than trade is war”, but said, “Oil is going into North Korea. That wasn’t my deal!”
Pres. Trump asked by NY Times if he'd order DOJ to reopen Clinton email probe, said, '“I have the absolute right to do what I want with the Justice Department. But for purposes of hopefully thinking I’m going to be treated fairly, I’ve stay uninvolved with this particular matter”
President Trump told the New York Times the Russia investigation “makes the country look very  bad, and it puts the country in a very bad position. So the sooner it’s worked out, the better it is for the country:".
President Trump in an interview with the New York Times said of special counsel Robert Mueller, “I think he’s going to be fair”. His comments today come after Republicans and supporters of Trump had raised questions over Mueller and his investigative team.
A reminder that Press Sec. Sarah Sanders is on record confirming that presidential tweets are considered official White House communications
President Trump's dinner guest tonight at Mar-a-lago: Commerce Sec. Wilbur Ross. WH spokesman Hogan Gidley says they will  "discuss trade, job creation and America’s record-setting booming economy."
@alanblinder @jmartNYT i would guess Auburn fans would prefer Saban in Washington than Tuscaloosa
Realizing the last time I actually said it's been a quiet week in the newsroom was TWO years ago this week, during a brief 2015 Christmas/New Year's week respite from the campaign. Seriously...
In his op-ed today in the New York Times, Sec. of State Tillerson had this comment on China and North Korea: "China has applied certain import bans and sanctions, but it could and should do more"
President Trump in a tweet said he is “very disappointed” over China reportedly allowing oil to go to North Korea saying, “There will never be a friendly solution to the North Korea problem if this continues to happen."  He wrote, "Caught RED HANDED"
There was no attempt today to block CNN photojournalists taking video of the president playing golf at Trump International Golf Club
RT @Kevinliptakcnn: CNN cameramen have been staking out presidents on vacation since they brought studio cameras to Santa Barbara to watch…
View from our live camera downtown looking across the Potomac River. You can actually see my apt in this shot https://t.co/2IW6zlspT2
The White House says President Trump was briefed on Christmas morning about the overnight suicide bomb attack in Kabul
Shocked how many teams with the playoffs on the line played so poorly today.
I didn't necessarily think the Lions would make the playoffs -but I sure expected more an effort than we got today in Cincinnati. Wow.
My question is who shows the president the memes and videos he retweets? Is it someone on staff? Friends?
Prediction: the Browns will actually win tomorrow, ending their chance to go 0-16. Sorry, dad, who has been rooting for them to go winless.
President Trump, at his Mar-a-lago resort in Palm Beach, reacted to the UN Security Council vote for additional North Korean sanctions, tweeting "The World wants Peace, not Death!"
Jeff reports WH aides had said the tax bill signing would be private, but it changed after reporters protested, saying handout photographs provided by the White House wouldn’t be used,
Interesting...@jeffzeleny reports President Trump wanted to have a year news conference, but advisers argued against it, trying to avoid him being besieged with questions about the Russia investigation and other distractions
@Bencjacobs @danmericaCNN @NoahGrayCNN please share, Ben!
@Phil_Mattingly @laurabernardini are you kidding? The beer's for me. Wine is just gift for my classier friends
President Trump tweets he will sign the tax bill in a half hour, along with signing a missile defense bill
President Trump's departure for West Palm Beach has been pushed back an hour. He'll now leave in the 11am hour. No word yet on why
President Trump will close out the year in Washington signing the tax bill tomorrow, before going to West Palm Beach for the holidays.
Graham reacted after McConnell told NPR on repeal, "we'll probably move on to other issues", and President Trump said, "The individual mandate is being repealed. When the individual mandate is being repealed, that means Obamacare is repealed
Senator Lindsey Graham takes on Sen. McConnell and Pres. Trump (not by name) over Obamacare. "To those who believe – including Senate Republican leadership – that in 2018 there will not be another effort to Repeal and Replace Obamacare -- well you are sadly mistake”.
President Trump visiting troops this afternoon at Walter Reed Medical Center in Bethesda. He didn't talk questions after brief comments as he left White House
The House has now scheduled votes for late this afternoon on the  stopgap spending bill and on a disaster aid bill. The office of Majority  Whip Steve Scalise says the votes are being scheduled in the 4:30pm/5pm  range.
@KatieMLeach "thanks for this great....Big Gulp and People Magazine???"
@KatieMLeach 3 kinds: "Is 7-11 open on Christmas Eve?"
President Trump told the GOP celebration at the White House "we essentially repealed Obamacare because we got rid of the individual mandate"
President Trump as he thanked the GOP leadership at the celebration event, “It’s always a lot of fun when you win"
GOP Sen. Susan Collins is not attending the White House celebration on tax bill, Lauren Fox tells us
The president said he may soon go to the border soon to look at the wall prototypes in their final form.
Praising Haley’s comment on UN votes, Pres. Trump said. “we don't care... this isn't like it used to be where they could vote against you and then you pay them hundreds of millions of dollars and nobody knows what they're doing,"
President Trump re-emphasized US Ambassador Nikki Haley’s “taking names” comment on UN votes, saying  "We're watching those votes. Let them vote against us, we'll save a lot.”
The Senate early Wednesday morning approved the final version of the first overhaul of the U.S tax code in more than 30 years, handing President Trump and congressional Republicans their most significant legislative victory of 2017.  The bill passed along party lines, 51-48
Our Lauren Fox  the chamber reports after police escorted a small group out, another man stands up and screams “Kill the bill or you’re fired.” Another woman stands up shortly after and screams to end the “corporate corruption.”
A few minutes into the tax bill vote, vocal protesters began yelling “kill the bill, don’t kill us” from the gallery inside the Senate chamber.  Vice President Pence banged his gavel and said at several points “The Sergeant at Arms will restore order in the gallery
The House version was named "The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act". But under the Senate rules being used to pass this, their title has to be, um, a bit wordier: "To provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018."
The view of the Capitol up Pennsylvania Avenue as we await the late night vote. Probably about an hour away https://t.co/cbET2tQDGy
Vice President Pence has arrived at the Capitol, @ElizLanders tells us. He will preside over the Senate when the tax bill vote happens
@GregJKrieg No, but aliens not cracking the top 20 cracks the top 20
The State Department and White House officials earlier said Secretary of State Tillerson would not be able to attend the president’s national security speech, citing a scheduling conflict. But Tillerson has now arrived at the Reagan Building, and is inside the speech.
Matthew Peterson, Presiden Trump’s judicial nominee, who struggled to answer basic legal questions at his confirmation hearing last week, has withdrawn his nomination, a White House official said. From @danmericaCNN and @Kevinliptakcnn
The president tweeted again 11 minutes later, " My thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the train accident in DuPont, Washington. Thank you to all of our wonderful First Responders who are on the scene. We are currently monitoring here at the White House."
The president's tweet about the train crash does not mention the injuries or loss of life, but says it "shows more than ever why our soon to be submitted infrastructure plan must be approved quickly."
The NTSB is now launching a go-team to investigate the Amtrak crasg
President Trump has been briefed on the Amtrak crash, press secretary Sarah Sanders told CNN’s Allie Malloy. “The president is aware and we are monitoring the situation”, Sanders said.
@AdrienneKPTV seventy-seven according to Cary Evans, Communications and Government Affairs Director, CHI Franciscan Health
77 people have been taken to the hospital from the crash, at least 4 with the most serious level of injuries, our Chuck Johnston reports
Police say there are multiple fatalities aboard the Amtrak train. There were injuries to other passengers and to drivers on I-5.
The Pierce County, WA Sheriff's office says there are "injuries and casualties" in the Amtrak derailment. No word yet on how many victims
The Amtrak crash site is near Joint Base Lewis - McChord south of Tacoma, Washington
Witneses report part of train car is on freeway, and that there are injuries. Unclear severity or how many are hurt.
Breaking - Amtrak train 501 has derailed near Joint Base Lewis - McChord in Pierce County. Part of car is hanging off bridge over I-5
McCain's office tonight says "Senator McCain has returned to Arizona and will undergo physical therapy and rehabilitation at Mayo Clinic." Their statement said "he looks forward to returning to Washington in January.”
McCain's doctor statement: “Senator McCain has responded well to treatment he received at Walter Reed Medical Center for a viral infection and continues to improve. An evaluation of his underlying cancer shows he is responding positively to ongoing treatment"
Football is not fun when plays like that aren't considered catches. Believe me as a Lions fans...
@AlliemalCNN @betsy_klein agreed on worst nightmare. We got lucky because Betsy has provided great live reports through the day! But...
Can you get a taunting penalty for pretending to taunt a teammate in a touchdown celebration? Asking for a Steelers friend....
Pres. Trump on Sen. McCain: "it's too bad. He's going through a very tough time, there's no question about it"
On the transition emails, Pres. Trump said "I can't imagine there's anything on them, frankly, because as we've said there's no collusion"
But the president raised doubts over the transition emails were obtained properly, answering "not looking good. It's quite sad to see that"
President Trump, asked if he is considering firing special counsel Robert Mueller, tells reporters as he returned to WH, "no, I'm not"
The sources said the WH and Majority Leader McConnell had been planning for this scenario where McCain would not vote
One of the sources called it a good sign that Senator McCain was able to get on the plane to go to Arizona
One Republican close to McCain said he was "exhausted but ok" as he left the hospital, Jeff and Dana report
Senator John McCain is going home to Arizona, and will miss this week's tax bill vote, @DanaBashCNN and @jeffzeleny report
Press secretary Sarah Sanders says the White House will put out a readout of the call later today
Tass says Putin thanked Pres. Trump for CIA information that helped prevent a terror attack on Kazan Cathedrial in St. Petersburg.
The White House confirms President Trump and Russian President Putin spoke today - their second call since Thursday.
@news2alan sadly...I can tell you the ending....
Sen. McCain is being treated at Walter Reed. White House released no details of the brief conversation between the president and Mrs. McCain
Pres. Trump spoke with Cindy McCain by phone this afternoon, press sec. Sarah Sanders tells @jeffzeleny. He had reached out to Sen. McCain
@Phil_Mattingly #200 sometime around Wednesday is on me
On this 5th anniversary of Sandy Hook, you should read @jaketapper 's Twitter feed from today, remembering those lost
@kellierowe let me take you to the zoo. They'll treat you real respectable like
Moore: "it's not over and it's going to take some time"
Roy Moore campaign chairman Bill Armistead says there could be a recount, and told supporters, “at this point, we do not have a final decision on the outcome tonight.”
Moore not conceding
Alabama Senate winner Doug Jones told supporters tonight in Birmingham, “Alabama has been at a crossroads. We have been at crossroads in the past. And unfortunately, we have usually taken the wrong fork. Tonight, ladies and gentlemen, you took the right road”.
Roy Moore expected on stage shortly in Montgomery
The new balance of power in the Senate when Doug Jones takes office will become 51-49
GOP Senator Jeff Flake, who crossed party lines to donate to Doug Jones, tweeted simply: “Decency wins”
Former U.S. Attorney Doug Jones has pulled off an improbable win the Alabama U.S. Senate special election, beating Republican Roy Moore, CNN projects
Roy Moore is in the room in Montgomery where his supporters have gathered ...working the crowd near the stage
RT @jaketapper: Latest exit poll: Moore closed strong with late deciders. Those who decided in the last few days went for him 56%-37%.
RT @jaketapper: Latest exit polls - 98% of Dems with Jones, 91% of GOPers with Moore. Jones getting 19% of liberal/moderate Republican vote…
The state capital in Montgomery as the polls in Alabama close https://t.co/Kaon8zsyPY
Press Sec. Sarah Sanders said in statement tonight, "North Korea is acting in an unsafe way not only toward Japan, China, and South Korea, but the entire world. North Korea's actions are not good for anyone and certainly not good for North Korea. "
Different page? The White House, reacting to Secretary of State Tillerson's comments on North Korea, said tonight " The President's views on North Korea have not changed".
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, reacting to President Trump’s comments on Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, said “That tweet was nasty, unbecoming of a president”. He said "the president needs to cut it out with the tweeting. He ought to stop tweeting and start leading.”
Putin spokesman says Putin receives reports about President Trump's tweets, which he says Moscow considers official statements
The device that detonated was a foot-long pipe and contained black powder, a battery, wiring, nails and screws, according to the source. @brynnCNN reports investigators did not elaborate on the second device
Just in:   Investigators confirm the suspect in the NYC attack had at least two devices, a law enforcement source with knowledge of the investigation tells CNN. from @brynnCNN
President Trump said, "Today’s terror suspect entered our country through extended-family chain migration, which is incompatible with national security"
President Trump on NYC attempted attack: "as I have been saying since I first announced my candidacy for President, America must fix its lax immigration system, which allows far too many dangerous, inadequately vetted people to access our country"
President Trump on NYC said, "today’s attempted mass murder attack in New York City—the second terror attack in New York in the last two months—once again highlights the urgent need for Congress to enact legislative reforms to protect the American people.”
Press secretary Sarah Sanders said, "we know that the president’s policy calls for end to chain migration, which is what this individual came to the United States through and had his policy been in place, then that attacker would not have been allowed to come into the country"
White House says NYC attack "underscores the need for Congress to work with the president on immigration reforms...we must protect our borders, we must ensure that individuals entering our country are not coming to do harm to our people and we must move to a merit based system"
As we await the White House briefing, there has still been no statement from the President some 7 hours after the explosion at the Port Authority
Officials say suspect is seriously injured wth burns and other injuries. Three others nearby are at hospitals and suffered minor injuries
NYPD Commissioner James O'Neill: The suspect was wearing an improvised explosive vest and detonated it
Gov. Cuomo says it was "a low-tech device"
NY officials call the explosion a "terror related incident"
The FDNY says there are a total of 4 injuries in the Port Authority explosion - all are non-life threatening
Police in Washington DC say they are monitoring the NYC explosion, "at this time, there are no current threats to the District of Columbia"
The mayor's spokesman says NYPD is "on high alert and searching" for any related activity but "none reported so far"
The NYPD reports the suspect at this point is the only one injured in the Port Authority explosion
RT @noraneus: NEWS: A male wearing a homemade device attempted to detonate it and it either malfunctioned or did not go off the way it was…
President Trump has been briefed on the incident at the Port Authority in New York, press secretary Sarah Sanders says
Air Force One returns to Joint Base Andrews after President Trump's southern trip to Pensacola, Jackson and West Palm https://t.co/56ZmHhflko
@ryanobles my dad more than once went through my brother's name and the dogs' names before he got to mine. No resemblance I was aware of
Air Force One has landed in West Palm Beach. He'll spend the night at this Mar-a-lago resort before leaving in the morning for Jackson, MS and the civil rights museum event
President Trump as he backed Roy Moore: "we want people that are going to protect your gun rights. Great trade deals instead of the horrible deals. And we want jobs, jobs, jobs. So get out and vote for Roy Moore. Do it. Do it. Do it.”
Backing Roy Moore tonight, the President told the rally "We cannot afford -- this country, the future of this country, cannot afford to lose a seat in the very, very close United States Senate. We can't afford it, folks. We can't."
Pres. Trump tonight: "It's time for Democrats in Congress to drop the threats of shut downs of government. It's wrong and dangerous for Congressional Democrats to hold troop funding hostage for amnesty, letting people pour into our country"
Pres. Trump tonight on North Korea: " I don't know that sanctions are going to work with him. We gotta give it a shot. You know, we'll see. Who knows? I’ll just tell you folks, you are in good hands. That's all I can say.”
President Trump sent a tweet promoting Fox coverage of his speech tonight
It's not a rally for Roy Moore but it may have that feel at times. Lots of Alabama folks in attendance, just 25 miles from state line
Standing by for start of President Trump's campaign style rally moments from now in Pensacola. CNN live https://t.co/vQfskviItw
Two students were killed in the high school shooting in Aztec, New Mexico. The gunman is also dead, state police say
Police say two people and the gunman have been shot in the incident at Aztec High School in New Mexico.
Police in Aztec, New Mexico are on the scene of an active shooter situation at the high school there. No confirmation yet of injuries
I should be sleeping, but All the President's Men is on...
President Trump's speech on the Jerusalem decision will be at 1pm ET tomorrow at the White House, in the Diplomatic Reception Room
Bannon to crowd at Moore rally: "it's not Judge Moore they're trying to shut up. It's you they're trying to shut up"
Bannon on Romney: "you know why he’s on Judge Moore: He’s still bitter about Donald Trump. Embrace it, Mitt: He is president of the United States and commander in chief of the armed forces, something you so miserably failed at"
Bannon goes off on Mitt Romney, after Romney's critical tweet yesterday. He said "Judge Moore has more honor and integrity in a pinkie finger than your family has in its whole DNA"
Bannon on Sen. Flake donation to Jones: "c'mon, brother, if you're going to write a check, write a check. Don't give the man a hundred dollars!"
Bannon: "let the folks in Alabama decide for Alabama"
As we wait for Steve Bannon to take the stage with Roy Moore in Fairhope, Alabama...opponent Doug Jones took to Twitter: "Bannon and Roy Moore have something in common. Neither of them can hold down a job"
President Trump, asked about Moore endorsement, said "we don't want a liberal Democrat" that is controlled by Nancy Pelosi and controlled by Chuck Schumer for Alabama
Sitting next to the President during the White House meeting and photo op,..perhaps his harshest GOP critic, Senator Jeff Flake
CNN's reporting Saturday from @eliselabottcnn and @petermorrisCNN on State Department concerns over protests if Jerusalem announcement is made    https://t.co/JVa4rPrbdE
Romney in his Twitter message said of the Moore accusers, "Leigh Corfman and other victims are courageous heroes."
Mitt Romney, on the day President Trump endorsed Roy Moore in the Alabama Senate race, said “No vote, no majority is worth losing our honor, our integrity.” Romney tweeted, “Roy Moore in the US Senate would be a stain on the GOP and on the nation."
The White House says " the President had a positive call with Judge Roy Moore during which they discussed the state of the Alabama Senate race and the President endorsed Judge Moore's campaign."
Moore said of President Trump, "We had a good conversation over the phone today and are working together towards conservative victory on December 12"
Roy Moore in statement said, "President Trump knows that the future of his conservative agenda in Congress hinges on this election"
The campaign says President Trump ended his call with Roy Moore this morning saying "go get 'em, Roy!"
The President and First Lady hosted a holiday reception last night for Secret Service members and their families, @KateBennett_DC reports
President Trump's support for Roy Moore had been tacit, but this morning's tweet was an endorsement. "We need his vote"
The president expected to announce scaling back of two natl parks. Environmentalists favored protections -  critics call it govt overreach
President Trump calls today's announcement in Salt Lake City "so important for states' rights, and so important for the people of Utah"
The president said "Hillary Clinton lied many times to the FBI.  Nothing happened to her. Flynn lied, and they destroyed his life"
President Trump on South Lawn tells reporters "I feel very badly for General Flynn...he's led a very strong life and I feel very badly"
President Trump is talking to reporters on the South Lawn, as he prepares to leave for Utah
RT @carolinerkenny: .@jaketapper on @CNNSOTU: “The State of our Union is…trying to keep up in this insanely busy news week"
@kaitlancollins only one hasn't beaten a top 5 team. Or a top 10 team. Or a top 20 teamZ.
Super moon over the White House - not a bad view to end the day https://t.co/O8tr9W5S6j
Marine One brings President Trump back to the White House a short time ago after fundraising trip to NYC https://t.co/xgGz7lnuEW
@SheliaOConnor we light it up too much, we could jump 'Bama
In an Instagram photo sent after the president's tweet, James Comey today had this line "To paraphrase the Buddha — Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun; the moon; and the truth. "
@mchastain81 + 1
President Trump tells a NYC fundraiser a great campaign slogan would be "hows your 401(k) doing?"
The photo op was listed on daily White House schedule that was released last night.  Reporters were gathered by handlers and brought outside the  Oval Office before taking them back .  Despite that, WH claims the schedule was wrong and no spray was ever planned
The White House told pool reporters there will be no photo opportunity after all with President Trump and Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj. It would have been the first opportunity to question the president in the wake of the Michael Flynn plea agreement.
Senate Majority Leader McConnell said as he walked to the floor: “We have the votes.”  from @Phil_Mattingly
Interesting to note the statement from White House lawyer Ty Cobb points out Flynn worked for the White House for 25 days...
White House lawyer Ty Cobb said, "The false statements involved mirror the false statements to White House officials which resulted in his resignation in February of this year.  Nothing about the guilty plea or the charge implicates anyone other than Mr. Flynn. "
White House lawyer Ty Cobb said in statement, "The conclusion of this phase of the Special Counsel's work demonstrates again that the Special Counsel is moving with all deliberate speed and clears the way for a prompt and reasonable conclusion.”
Flynn said in statement: "But I recognize that the actions I acknowledged in court today were wrong, and, through my faith in God, I am working to set	things right"
Flynn in statement says "it has been extraordinarily painful to endure these many months of false accusations of "treason" and other outrageous acts. Such false accusations are contrary to everything I have ever done and stood for"
Michael Flynn statement: "My guilty plea and agreement to cooperate with the Special Counsel's Office reflect a decision I made in the best interests of my family and of our country. I accept full responsibility for my actions"
Source who advises the White House tells @Acosta of Flynn "poor judgment. But this was expected", noting he was fired for lying to VP Pence
Michael Flynn enters the Federal Courthouse in Washington for the plea agreement hearing - no comments to shouted questions as he walked in
White House is not commenting on  Flynn charge this morning. Spokesman tells @danmericaCNN that lawyer Ty Cobb will weigh in at some point
Senator Johnson now a yes on the tax bill. @Phil_Mattingly says Senate Republicans need one more yes from Sens. Corker, Flake or Collins
President Trump will have lunch with Secretary of State Tillerson and Defense Sec. Mattis tomorrow at the White House.
GOP source tells  @Phil_Mattingly the deficit trigger has run into serious problems. The source said it is unclear they can find a path forward. Phil reports they are working on other possible solutions to address Corker's deficit concerns.
Back to politics: lot of activity right now on Senate floor during vote on Democratic amendment to send it back to committee. Seemed routine but Johnson, Flake and Corker have not yet voted...and much discussion taking place
The east coast quake centered is Delaware has been downgraded to 4.4 by the USGS
5.1 earthquake centered near Dover, Delaware...felt over wide area of east coast
President Trump, who had a lot to say on Twitter this morning, did not talk to reporters as he walked to Marine One on the South Lawn moments ago
President Trump tweets on call with Xi, says additional major sanctions will be announced on North Korea today
White House says Pres. Trump in call with Xi "emphasized the need for China to use all available levers" to convince NK to end provocations
White House says in call with Xi, Pres. Trump "underscored the determination" of the US to defend ourselves and allies from "growing threat"
President Trump spoke this morning with Chinese President Xi about North Korea situation
The White House says President Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Abe spoke today after North Korea’s missile launch, saying North Korea’s action is “undermining its security and further isolating it from the international community.”
President Trump will make remarks to pool reporters at 3pm in the Roosevelt Room, the White House says.
White House: "The meeting will proceed as scheduled with Speaker Ryan, Leader McConnell and admin. officials who are committed to getting things done. If the Democrats believe the American people deserve action on these critical year-end issues as we do, they should attend"
White House statement: "The President’s invitation to the Democrat leaders still stands and he encourages them to put aside their pettiness, stop the political grandstanding, show up and get to work. These issues are too important."
@mattwhitlockPM Jumping up for 3 bells on the AP wire machine
Pool reporter Jeff Zeleny in the Oval Office says it was met with awkward silence. He did not mention Senator Warren by name
President Trump, during an event with Native American Code Talkers in the Oval Office, made a joke about Senator Elizabeth Warren and Pocahontas.  	 He said, “We have a representative in Congress who has been here a long time ... longer than you -- they call her Pocahontas!"
Senator Franken will talk to reporters at 1pm ET outside his office
Wow. Not sure what it's like at the terminal, but traffic heading to Reagan National is backed up onto Jefferson Davis Highway.
My argument for Ohio State: if they beat Wisconsin, wins over a #2 and likely #3 team, are #2 in power rankings and power 5 conf. champ.
I trust in the Buckeye defense here!  #gobucks
@stevebruskCNN oops ... until that
Now THIS is the team we knew would show up! O - H!!
Ohio State has (-)3 yards in the first quarter. This will get fixed but...
@mchastain81 no using that first letter today!
Strange feeling rooting for Alabama today....
@mchastain81 best day of the year. You have a spelling error in your tweet - it's Xchastian81 today. #gobucks
@laurabernardini agreed. But there were conspirators
My desk is covered in Michigan stuff, courtesy of UM alum David Gracey. This is my own fault for not arranging security during Game Week
@pjacobsstp Ian was not amused by my Lions celebration on the drive home
My dumb opinion of day: I only get to see the Lions a few times a year. I wish they'd wear their normal home uniforms
@JasonHoffman93 exception is union station and penn station lines for Amtrak, where which train is not always readily obvious
RT @OSUWexMed: At #OSUWexMed, we have the cutest fans in the land! This week (11/20-11/25), all #BuckeyeBabies born at our hospital will re…
President Trump stopped and took questions as he walked out to Marine One. Tape shortly on CNN of his comments
Still my favorite ever West Wing scene  https://t.co/kJ8FIs4HSi
I picked the Eagles last in the NFC East at start of season....to quote Homer Sinpson, Lord help me, sometimes I'm just not that bright
Pres. Trump said of Border Patrol incident, "we will seek out and bring to justice those responsible. We will, and must, build the Wall!"
One Border Patrol agent was killed and a second injured on patrol in south Texas. Officials not describing incident. FBI investigating.
Have to admit, I am really loving the Fox Sports promos for the Ohio State - Xichigan game.
The President of the United States, unhappy that Ball's father was unappreciative, just tweeted of players,"I should have left them in jail"
https://t.co/kOGBVYixzp editorial: "this election has become a referendum on whether we will accept this kind of behavior from our leaders"
The https://t.co/kOGBVYixzp editorial endorses Doug Jones over Moore or a write-in, says "vote based on who it will affect in your hometown"
Birmingham News and https://t.co/kOGBVYixzp papers in front page, top of the mast editorial say "stand for decency, reject Roy Moore"
President Trump announced on Twitter tonight he has “put big game trophy decision on hold until such time as I review all conservation facts"
Laura Jarrett reports as she spoke to the Federalist Society at the Mayflower Hotel, Attorney General Jeff Sessions asked to laughter, "Is Ambassador Kislyak in the room?! ... Any Russians?"
The Senate Ethics Committee says it will “resume its process” on Senator Robert Menendez, now that his criminal trial has ended in a hung jury. In 2013, the committee deferred its preliminary inquiry "into alleged misconduct" when Justice Dept. investigation started
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer will no longer hold a planned 12:30pm news conference on the national security budget. It is not known if this was canceled because of the Senator Al Franken situation, but he was certain to face questions there about this
As the president arrived inside the Capitol, he did not answer questions on Roy Moore
The president making his way up Pennsylvania Avenue towards the Capitol where he will attend House Republican Conf. https://t.co/IlAbK4NIr5
Senator Graham told reporters “if you are no fly list for the mall”, you shouldn't be in the United States Senate."
Senator Lindsey Graham says President Trump is the leader of the Republican Party, and “it would probably good if he would say something” on Roy Moore. He also called on the Alabama Republican Party to fix the matter,
The president's remarks will now be at 3:30pm ET in the Diplomatic Reception Room at the White House
President Trump will make remarks at 3pm at the White House on his Asia trip, a White House official says
RT @jaketapper: Thanks for watching! https://t.co/v9kjV4mcjO
@DianneG An almost word for word version of this tweet was sent by the president on the day of the shooting. I am guessing it didn't send because they were overseas, and he sent another version that day.
Roy Moore joked as he started his remarks at a church in Jackson, Alabama, “I’m the only one who can unite Democrats and Republicans” because I seem to be opposed by both.
Having listened to the tape again, I am pretty certain the president would not have heard the questions on Roy Moore.
As the president walked into the White House, he didn't answer shouted questions about Roy Moore. On how the trip went, he did respond, “really great, really great.”
The pool reports the crew says that Air Force One flew 20,295 miles since it left Joint Base Andrews a week ago Friday
After nearly a full day of travel, President Trump has landed back in the Washington area. Air Force One touched down moments ago at Joint Base Andrews in suburban Maryland, ending his trip to Asia.
As awful as today's shooting in California was, horrifying to think what may have happened if the doors weren't locked so quickly after first shots were fired
Another poll out today:  Marist has President Trump's approval rating at 39%, up two points from October. 53% in poll say they disapprove of his performance.
Sen. Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says he spoke with Pres. Trump from Vietnam about the Roy Moore situation, and will have “further discussions” when the president returns. McConnell also spoke with VP Pence and WH Chief of Staff John Kelly about Moore.
Sheriff says neighbors reported it started as a domestic incident, calls it "a very widespread scene.” Not yet clear just how people were wounded
Rancho Tehama, CA: At least 5 dead, 4 wounded after gunman opened fire  on elementary school and six others scenes. Gunman was shot by police  and is among dead. Sheriff says he was “randomly picking targets".
Republicans nationally in the Quinnipiac poll are split on Roy Moore.  38% of Republican respondents said he should stay in the race, while 42% want him to drop out.
New Quinnipiac poll out this afternoon has President Trump's approval rating at 35%, down from 38% in October. 58% in poll disapprove of his performance
But choosing his words carefully, @KilloughCNN reports Cruz left the door open that the allegations might not be true. He called for Moore to come forward with evidence that the allegations are false.
Senator Ted Cruz, who has endorsed Roy Moore, told reporters tonight “As it stands, I can’t urge the people of Alabama to support a campaign in the face of these charges, without a serious persuasive demonstration that the charges are not true.”
Roy Moore moments ago called today’s accusation “absolutely false”, saying “I don’t even know the woman”.  He said he didn’t know where the restaurant she described was.  His wife spoke as well, calling this “the ugliest politics I have ever seen”.
Our Adam Levy notes how rare this would be - there have only been 15 expulsions in Senate history
Senator Gardner in statement said "I believe the individuals speaking out against Roy Moore spoke with courage and truth, proving he is unfit to serve in the United States Senate "
Senator Cory Gardner, the chairman of National Republican Senatorial Committee, says if Roy Moore “refuses to withdraw and wins, the Senate should vote to expel him." Gardner said in a statement, “he does not meet the ethical and moral requirements of the United States Senate”
RT @danmericaCNN: President Donald Trump entered the ASEAN family photo this afternoon in Manila talking to Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar's de…
Beautiful sky at dusk in downtown Washington https://t.co/5X8s9u9oMV
President Trump on his Putin comments: "I believe he feels he and Russia did not meddle. As to whether I believe it or not, I'm with our agencies."
Pres. Trump said at news conference, on North Korean, "We want progress not provocation. "We have been provoked. The world have been provoked"
Pres, Trump about to hold joint news conference with Pres. Tran in Hanoi, CNN live coverage. They will each take two questions
A very nervous @kaitlancollins is watching Alabama here from Asia
Yes, wishful thinking here, and a ton of unlikely things would have to happen. But an Ohio State - Oklahoma rematch in the playoff could be very interesting.
@lexnyc1 @SchreckReports @AdvanceGuyNotes President Obama did photo op in same spot, i believe
It's worth remembering the White House has said on the record the president's tweets "are considered official statements"
Another GOP Senator, Bill Cassidy of Louisiana, withdraws his support for Roy Moore
@AllieWright11 you'll excuse me if I feel zero sympathy after last week!
RT @jaketapper: Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper and former CIA Director John Brennan will be live on @CNNSotu tomorr…
Steve Bannon, again criticizing media coverage of the Roy Moore allegations, told a Republican dinner tonight in South Carolina “until I see more evidence, I’m standing with him”.
Two Republicans Senators this evening have pulled their endorsements from Alabama GOP Senate candidate Roy Moore...Mike Lee and Steve Daines
WH on Moore (3) "....are true, Judge Moore will do the right thing and step aside".
WH on Moore (2): "...one from many years ago, to destroy a person's life. However, the president believes that if these allegations (more)
Full statement from WH on Moore: "like most Americans, the President believes we cannot allow a mere accusation, in this case...(more)
Sanders says of Putin meeting: there was never a meeting confirmed and there will not be one that takes places due to scheduling conflicts
WH on Trump/Putin: "Now they're going to be in the same place. Are they going to bump into each other? Certainly possible and likely"
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders tells the pool there is no scheduled meeting between President Trump and Putin at APEC in Da Nang
White House on the Roy Moore accusations: "the President believes if the allegations are true, he will do the right thing and step aside"
Pam Brown, Gloria Borger and Evan Perez report White House senior policy adviser Stephen Miller has been interviewed as part of special counsel Robert Mueller's Russia probe, according to sources familiar with the investigation.
Awkward Hill moment: reporters tried to question McConnell about Moore after tax photo op. A Senate press aide loudly said “thank you” repeatedly to cut off the questions while reporters pressed. The uncomfortble scene went on for about 30 seconds while McConnell sat stone faced
RT @kaitlancollins: President Trump and President Xi are not expected to take questions from reporters during their joint statements today.
Before meeting with the families of the victims, VP Pence said, “evil descended on this small town and this small church”, saying “the evil must come to an end in our land”.
VP Pence said Air Force review of why gunman's military court record wasn’t sent to national database “will be completed in days, not weeks”. He said broader Pentagon review underway to make sure database has most up-to-date information from every branch
A somber Vice President Pence, standing outside the small Texas church where Sunday’s massacre occurred , said “bureaucratic failures” were partly to blame for the gunman getting a weapon, declaring “we will find out why this information was not properly reported”.
Senior admin. official on AF1 said the president will decide at end of trip whether to re-designate N. Korea as state sponsor of terrorism
Air Force One has arrived in Beijing, as President Trump prepares to meet with Chinese President Xi.
It is 2:43pm local time in Beijing. China is the third stop on the president's Asia trip.
Pres. Trump in message to Kim in speech said "Every step you take down this dark path increases the peril you face,. North Korea is not the paradise your grandfather envisioned. It is a hell that no person deserves."
President Trump delivers what he calls direct message to Kim: "The weapons you are acquiring are not making you safer, they are putting your regime in grave danger".
President Trump, ahead of trip to China and later meeting with Putin, says "We call on every nation — including China and Russia — to fully implement UN sanctions, downgrade diplomacy and sever trade" with North Korea
President Trump warns provocative action by North Korea would be fatal miscalculation", saying "this is  a very different administration than the United States has had in the past,"
The president says "the world cannot tolerate the menace of a rogue regime that threatens it with nuclear devastation."
President Trump tells Assembly "we will not allow American cities to be threatened with destruction. We will not be intimidated".
President Trump:  US does not seek confrontation "but we will never run from it".
President Trump was able to drop in reference to Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, mentioning South Korean golfer won US Women's Open there this summer
Pres. Trump told Assembly,"Since my election, exactly one year ago today, I celebrate with you"...then listed accomplishments of his term from stock market to Supreme Court justice."
President Trump was introduced before the National Assembly as "the leader of the world."
In excerpt of speech, Pres. Trump says "I hope I speak not only for our countries, but for all civilized nations, when I say to the North: Do not underestimate us. And do not try us."
President and Mrs. Trump are entering the National Assembly now
A protester was hustled out of the National Assembly shortly before the president was to arrive. Jeremy Diamond reports he had sign calling for release of former South Korean Pres. Park
Pres. Trump from Asia is deflecting any blame for the results of  Virginia Gov's race tweeting from Seoul, “Ed Gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what I stand for. Don’t forget, Republicans won 4 out of 4 House seats"
CNN projects Democratic Lt. Governor Ralph Northam will win the Governor’s race in Virginia, beating former Republican National Committee chair Ed Gillespie in the night’s highest profile race.
CNN projects former US Ambassador to Germany Phil Murphy will win the New Jersey Governor’s race, defeating Chris Christie’s Lt. Gov. Kim Guadagno.
WH Press Sec. Sarah Sanders told pool South Korean President Moon was going to join Pres. Trump at the DMZ, says it was to be "historic moment" because it would have been first time a US and South Korean president DMZ together.
President Trump attempted to make an unannounced visit to the DMZ, but had to turn back because of bad weather. He was aboard Marine One en route when they had to return, the pool reports
For the second time in three hours, a Republican Congressman said he will not seek re-election. Texas Congressman Ted Poe made the announcement on Twitter he will leave Congress at the end of his term.
so with 280 characters, you get down to 20 left before the number appears. sigh...i need the pressure of trying to wrap up
It's interesting British Foreign Sec. Johnson and EU officials are in DC making case to lawmakers for Iran, while President Trump and Sec. Tillerson are on the road
Join us tonight for live coverage at 9pm ET of President Trump's address to the Korean National Assembly, and election coverage through the evening
it would have been the 6am hour in Seoul when the president called in
The meeting with Senate Dems, chief economic adviser Gary Cohn and WH legislative affairs director Marc Short was the Library of Congress
President Trump, in the early morning hours in Seoul, called into a meeting with a group of Senate Democrats and administration officials,
President Trump has arrived in South Korea. Air Force One landed at 10:19pm ET at Osan Air Base in Seoul
Pres. Trump and First Lady Melania Trump have departed Japan, on a 2 1/2 hour flight to South Korea for key meetings with Pres. Moon
The President and First Lady getting ready to leave Yokota Air Base in Japan, heading to key visit to South Korea https://t.co/m6Dv7VRapC
VA Sec. Shulkin on the Texas gunman: "I do not consider him a veteran.  Um, that would give him much more respect than he deserves"
Vice President Pence and his wife Karen Wednesday will go to Sutherland Springs, the small community impacted by yesterday’s shooting
DPS says the suspect was wearing a black mask with a white skull type face on it, ballistic vest he wore had a plate in front of it
Update on ages of the the victims: the youngest killed was 18 months old,  the oldest was 77. Yesterday's age range was of the wounded
DPS: "Domestic situation" was happening in family. Gunman's mother-in-law who attended this church had received threatening texts from him
10 of the people wounded during the church shooting are in critical condition.
Suspect in Texas shooting appears to have shot himself, but officials say the autopsy will determine if that was what killed him
The gunman's in-laws attended the church where he opened fire yesterday. They were not inside at the time.
Similar to comments he made after the Las Vegas shooting, the president said the shooter was "a very deranged individual"
Pres. Trump on Texas shooting: "this is a mental health problem at the highest level...A very, very sad event but that's the way I view it"
Pres. Trump on shooting;"this isn't a guns situation....fortunately someone else has a gun shooting in  the opposite direction"
Pres. Trump urged Kim Jong Un to release hostages held by NK saying. "If he would send them back I think it would be the start of something"
Pres. Trump said "some people said that my rhetoric is very strong. But look at what's happens with very weak rhetoric" over last 25 years
President Trump at a news conference with PM Abe said "the era of strategic patience is over" , on US policy towards North Korea
RT @Acosta: Trump on North Korea: "I hope it all works out. Would be better for everybody."
President Trump, asked what measures he would want and if gun control is the answer, said, "Mental health is the issue here"
Press secretary Sarah Sanders says there is no plan for the president to alter his trip because of the Texas shooting, @acosta reports
US Capitol Police and FBI are investigating the assault on Senator Paul, in addition to Kentucky State Police, @DanaBashCNN tells us
Fmr. Pres. Obama: "We grieve with all the families in Sutherland Springs harmed by this act of hatred, and we’ll stand with the survivors"
Fmr. Pres. Obama: "May God grant all of us the wisdom to ask what concrete steps we can take to reduce the violence &amp; weaponry in our midst"
Senator Rand Paul's office says the Senator suffered 5 broken ribs including 3 displaced fractures when he was assaulted Friday
President Trump: "we cannot begin to imagine the suffering of those who lost the ones they love"
President Trump on shooting: 'This act of evil occurred as the victims and their families were in their place of sacred worship"
President Trump on Texas shooting: "Through the tears and the sadness, we stand strong, oh, so strong"
Awaiting President Trump's remarks in Tokyo. CNN live when he speaks https://t.co/GfTx5cpG1p
President Trump has arrived at US Ambassador's residence in Tokyo where he speaks shortly to US and Japanese business leaders.
Gunman was dressed in all black, wore tactical gear and ballistic vest. DPS says there were multiple weapons in his car
The heroic story of the person who grabbed their gun and engaged the heavily armed suspect is absolutely incredible
23 were found dead in the church, 2 were killed outside the church, and one victim died at a hospital.
Police don't know if suspect died from self-inflicted wound, or if he had been shot by the citizen who engaged him
Police say victims range in age from 5 to 72. Approximately 20 are being treated at hospitals.
Police say a civilian outside the church engaged the suspect who dropped gun, civilian then chased suspect who crashed vehicle
Gov. Abbott says "26 lives have been lost"
News conference on Sutherland Springs shooting now...CNN live
We see the president in Tokyo at 7pm ET, speaking to business leaders...his first opportunity to speak before cameras about the shooting
The White House says President Trump has received several briefings on the shooting, and spoke with Texas Gov. Abbott
@MaxMasseyTV These images from affiliate KSAT of people holding hands and praying outside the church awaiting information are heartbreaking
The numbers are still fluid, but it is clear the total number of people injured or dead will be well over two dozen
The president tweeted "May God be w/ the people of Sutherland Springs, Texas"
President Trump tweets he is monitoring the situation in Sutherland Springs from Japan
Place say the gunman in the Sutherland Springs, Texas church shooting is dead
There are multiple victims but we are awaiting official word on how many have been hurt. Four medical helicopters responded + ambulances
The scene is the First Baptist Church in Sutherland Springs, Texas. Witnesses report at least 20 shots fired inside when it happened
Details beginning to emerge from a multiple shooting at church in Sutherland Springs, Texas, outside San Antonio
Downside of a lazy Sunday morning after time change: it will be dark in 4 hours.
RT @Acosta: Trump to troops in Japan on foes who have underestimated US: "it was not pleasant for them."
President Trump in address to US troops in Japan: " You put hope in every soul that yearns for peace". (from Jeremy Diamond)
WH says Pres. Trump and King Salman spoke following the missile fired at Riyadh, and discussed the issue.
Pres. Trump said, "Highest stock market in history, lowest unemployment in 17 years, a military that’s rapidly rebuilding"
Pres. Trump, when told Xi coming off successful run, said "Excuse me, so am I." (more)
Pres. Trump said he hopes it works out with NK, saying the people of North Korea are a "great people. They’re industrious. They’re warm"
President Trump told the pool when asked about the Bushes' comments he  doesn't want to make a headline, will talk about it when gets back
The president told pool aboard Air Force One he will make a decision “soon” on re-adding North Korea as a state sponsor of terrorism
President Trump tells reporters on possible meeting with Putin, "I think it’s expected that we’ll meet. We want Putin’s help on North Korea"
President Trump has arrived in Japan. Air Force One just touched down at Yokota Air Base near Tokyo, beginning the president's trip to Asia
Senator Paul told police the suspect came up and tackled him from behind. The man arrested is a neighbor who Paul knows.
@mchastain81 i was rooting for you today. guess it doesn't matter now
i'd have more fun mocking this, well, except....  #gobucks
a major college football game has put 107 points on the scoreboard. Not in 4 overtimes...with 9 minutes to go in regulation.
I don't understand letdowns after a big win in football. When so much is at stake, the concept just doesn't make sense
New detail: the Kentucky State Police say the man arrested was an acquaintance of Senator Paul.
Few details of the incident are being released. A 59-year-old man is in custody for what Kentucky State Police call an intentional assault
Senator Rand Paul suffered minor injuries when he was assaulted at his home in Bowling Green, Kentucky yesterday. Man arrested.
If we can fall behind 14-0 to Penn State two minutes I tot the game and come back....   #gobucks
President Trump is en route to Tokyo. The president will speak to US troops after he arrives late tonight eastern time
The hotel website says it is not owned by Trump - the name is licensed
Why the stop? The White House tells pool "it has been a tremendously successful project" and he wanted to say hello and thank employees
On way to airport, President Trump makes brief unannounced stop at a property bearing his name in Waikiki - the Trump International Hotel
@NoahGrayCNN @ryanobles rule is if you spend money. If my tax dollars go to Salt Lake City because I ate in the airport, then I visited Utah
President and Mrs. Trump aboard a boat as it nears the USS Arizona Memorial at Pearl Harbor https://t.co/I3aGXmEPfH
Pardon the typo on the arrival -- it of course is Hickam Air Force Base
While in Hawaii, the president tonight will receive a briefing from Pacific Command and tour the USS Arizona Memorial
President Trump has arrived in Hawaii on an overnight stop en route to Asia. Air Force One just landed at Hickman Air Force base
Corker: pressuring DOJ to pursue cases against his adversaries and  calling for punishment before trials take place is totally inappropriate
Corker says the comments "not only undermine our justice system but erode the American people’s confidence in our institutions"
In a scathing statement, GOP Senator Bob Corker blasts President Trump for pressuring the Justice Department and FBI
Preisdent Trump's Asia trip, already his longest,is being extended by one day so attend the East Asia Summit in the Philippines.
The Secret Service says Lafayette Park and the area along Pennsylvania by the north fence remain closed while they investigate
Not clear what this may be, but Secret Service says person is in custody after "suspicious activity" near White House.
President Trump has departed on his 12 day trip to Asia - the third international trip of his presidency and his longest
Pres.Trump on Twitter says military  hit ISIS "much harder" over last 2 days following claim on NYC, "will pay big price for every attack"
Twitter says human error by Twitter employee caused the President's personal account to be deactivated for 11 minutes tonight
Cancel red alert - the @realdonaldtrump page is back up. resume your normal lives
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders says Pres. Trump has now spoken with Gov. Cuomo and Mayor de Blasio. She did not give details.
President Trump tweets he has "just ordered Homeland Security to step up our already Extreme Vetting Program"
President Trump has now called the New York City incident a “terrorist attack”.
Pres. Trump tweets looks like another attack by very sick and deranged person. Law enforcement is following this closely. NOT IN THE U.S.A!
Mayor de Blasio says death toll in NYC is 8, others injured
BULLETIN: Mayor de Blasio calls attack '"a cowardly act of terror"
NYPD news conference with state and local officials abouto to begin...CNN live
One law enforcement source said FBI Joint Terrorism Task Force taking lead of investigation. From Shimon Prokupecz and Jessica Schneider
Law enforcement sources say the NY incident being investigated as terrorism. Source say witnesses report suspect was yelling Allah Akhbar
The White House says President Trump was briefed by Chief of Staff John Kelly on the incident in Lower Manhattan
There with be a 5;15pm news conference with New York officials on the incident
October began with the worst mass shooting in modern US history on the Las Vegas strip, and ends with this incident in lower Manhattan
Preliminary information is as many as 6 people are dead in the NY incident, two senior law enforcement sources tell @shimonpro
RT @politiCOHEN_: ugh, this is horrible. https://t.co/5cBkZRgYRj
Sources say the incident appears to be a "deliberate act"
NYPD sources tell our NY team there are fatalities after a truck drove wrong way down the West Side Highway bike path for several blocks
Lower Manhattan incicent -- multiple hurt after shootings and vehicle crash on Chambers Street. One person in custody, no other suspects
@BreakingNewzman sometimes it's more than the caliber of your win. it's your loss or near misses that can have a bigger impact
@BreakingNewzman and gave up 40+ to winless baylor
The president says "few people" knew Papadopolous. The few would include candidate Trump, who brought his name up unprompted in Post intv
Manafort and Gates entered not guilty pleas before a federal magistrate judge
The word of the surprise guilty plea from Papadopolous came in a complaint unsealed today
Former Trump foreign policy adviser George Papadopolous has pled guilty for making false statements to the FBI
Sr. administration official tells @jeffzeleny "calling for Mueller's firing would undercut"WH argument charges have nothing to do with Trump
from @Acosta: Another source says allies of the White House are being asked to stress Manafort is not part of the administration
Read the indictment  https://t.co/bYP2Mhw5P1
The source close to the White House tells @SaraMurray "these were bad guys when they started, they were bad guys when they left"
The source close to the White House also tells @SaraMurray the president is still not planning to try to fire special counsel Mueller
Source close to the WH tells @SaraMurray the president will take the news "on its face. It has nothing to do with him".  More
There is no immediate comment front the administration, @jeffzeleny and @joejohnscnn report. The legal team is likely to address later today
An official tells @jeffzeleny that White House lawyers are discussing the Manafort/Gates developments with the President this morning
A source close to the White House tells @acosta "today has zero to do with the White House", saying these are business dealing charges
Manafort and Gates will make their initial appearance in Federal District Court today at 1:30pm before Magistrate Judge Deborah Robinson
Evan Perez and David Shortell report that Rick Gates has now turned himself in as well
Our David Shortell reports Manafort and Gates will be processed, including fingerprinting and photographs, then taken to fed district court
Manafort and his attorney walked past cameras into front door of the FBI field office
JT: "it didn't look good early, let's be honest". Yep, but Buckeye Nation believed in him and this team
JT Barrett belongs in New York. For all that went wrong early, offense, D and special teams all made this win. #gobucks
Ummm...how exactly was that pass interference??
@evanperez @Phil_Mattingly if only it started 2 minutes later... but we're getting on track now
There is a long way to go. I trust JT, Coach Meyer and the defense. #gobucks
I have invented several words since the opening kickoff.  Not quite sure what they mean but certain they're not kid friendly
When does the Ohio State game start again? Sigh...
and they did at the very end at least for the Dotting of the I.
I always wish the television broadcast would show Script Ohio. Going on now behind the anchor set. #gobucks
Proud of CNN's @mkraju, winner of the Joan Barone Award at the RTCA dinner. Amazing journalist, even better colleague https://t.co/2cOspq8Kbw
Always been a Tiger fan. But watching World Series made me remember when I was 8, I had an Astros plastic batting helmet with same H star
In President Trump's tweet on his lunch with GOP Senators: "most are great people" who wants tax cuts and "success for U.S."
RT @kaitlancollins: Sen. Flake on President Trump to @jaketapper: "We keep waiting for a pivot that isn't happening."
A Bannon ally tells @kaitlancollins "today, Steve Bannon added another scalp to his collection" as another establishment domino falls
Senator Tillis, you may want another bag of popcorn. Sen. McCain will speak about Sen. Flake on the floor after Flake's remarks
Flake tells Republic the path to Republican nomination is "path I'm not willing to take, and that I can't in good conscience take"
Of the current GOP climate, Flake tells the Republic "this spell will pass, but not by next year"
Flake, facing contentious primary race, tells the Republic "there may not be a place for a Republican like me in current Republican climate"
The Arizona Republic reports Senator Jeff Flake will announce today he won't run for re-election next year
Sen. Lisa Murkowski says there was no mention of the President's feud with Senator Corker during the GOP lunch
Senator Rand Paul calls GOP lunch "great, very upbeat", from our Ted Barrett
Our Ted Barrett reports protester with group America Take Action being questioned by Capitol Police after throwing Russian flag towards Pres
Senator Thune calls the Trump/Corker feud "very personal" and an "unnecessary distraction". Says both have gotten "sort of carried away"
President Trump has arrived at the Capitol for the Senate GOP policy lunch
Senator Tillis headed towards the GOP Senate lunch with bag of popcorn.  Asked if it was for the Pres. Trump/Corker fight, he said "yes!"
Even as Speaker Ryan says he hopes things can be worked out face to face with Corker when Pres. visits today, Trump calls Corker incompetent
Next Saturday night in Columbus will be incredible game. I watched end of last year's with Penn State fans after covering rally in Philly
The White House press secretary's answer came in a remarkable exchange with CBS' Chip Reid, over incorrect statements by Kelly in briefing
Sanders on WH CoS Kelly: "If you want to get into a debate with a four-star Marine general, I think that is something highly inappropriate"
The President and First Lady depart Kuwaiti Embassy on way back to WH. Pool says motorcade got mooned on way there https://t.co/5cG629JSnw
@Kbskate my kindred spirit today is lulu
WH: President Trump meets with Secretary of State Tillerson tomorrow in the Oval Office...no photo op planned as of now
WH press sec. Sarah Sanders said "several people in the room from the administration that were on the call" including Chief of Staff Kelly
White House says there was no recording of President Trump’s call with Myeshia Johnson, the widow of Sgt. La David Johnson,
Awaiting what should be an interesting White House briefing. CNN live shortly https://t.co/P4OUvheX8T
The White House says President Trump has talked with the families of the 4 US service members killed in the ambush in Niger
White House on travel ban ruling: "The Department of Justice will vigorously defend the President’s lawful action"
White House: "Today’s dangerously flawed district court order undercuts the President’s efforts to keep the American people safe"
White House calls federal judge's ruling on travel ban "dangerously flawed"
John is an excellent correspondent and asks strong questions. But noting the pattern of the president calling on him
This is the 4th time in two days the president has called on the Fox News correspondent at the two media availabilities.
McCain (2): "is as unpatriotic as an attachment to any other tired dogma of the past that Americans consigned to the ash heap of history.”
(1/2) McCain: "to abandon the ideals we have advanced around the globe, to refuse the obligations of international leadership..."
McCain tells crowd "we have a moral obligation to continue in our just cause, and we would bring more than shame on ourselves if we don’t"
In speech, Sen. McCain warns against turning away from international leadership for “the sake of some half-baked, spurious nationalism"
In Philadelphia this hour, Joe Biden is presenting John McCain with the Liberty Medal at the National Constitution Center
The president shaking hands on the ropeline at the Greenville - Spartanburg Airport (from the live pool feed) https://t.co/CS1C44kiCX
President Trump working the crowd at airport in a Greer,SC after short ride across the tarmac. Off to fundraiser next https://t.co/78EV5iHaBN
CNN live now -- President Trump and Senator McConnell in the Rose Garden
WH says Pres. Trump will hold a media availability in the Rose Garden following the meeting with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
Pres. Trump is back at the Trump National Golf Club in Sterling, VA - today with Sen. Rand Paul. Will be 3rd round with a senator this week
Barrett accounted for 7 of 8 Ohio State touchdowns tonight - 5 through the air and 2 on the ground. #JTforHeisman
JT Barrett for Heisman! #gobucks #16
Since taking office, the President has never gone out to dinner in DC at a place that doesn't bear his name.
President Trump along with Melania Trump and son Barron have arrived at the Trump International Hotel in downtown DC for dinner
Sen. Lindsey Graham has arrived with Pres. Trump at the Trump National Golf Club in Sterling,VA. Will be their 2nd round together this week
Must stop for GOP candidates, Pres.Trump is 1st sitting President to appear there. Pres. Bush never addressed the event which started in '06
President Trump about to speak at Values Voter Summit in DC. CNN live shortly
@Alex_Roarty watch the pre-game for the Vegas Golden Knights home opener this week. Your faith in sports will be restored
Puerto Rico Gov. Ricardo Rosselló says he called the White House looking for clarification on President Trump’s tweets earlier in the day
Today another example where morning presidential tweet steps on message of day. Attention should be on health care, but staff cleaning up PR
The president has given 4 national TV interviews in last 2 weeks: Fox and Friends, Hannity, Geraldo, and press sec.'s father Mike Huckabee
Moments after returning to White House from Pennsylvania trip, the president tweeted network news is "so partisan, distorted and fake "
For the third time today, Pres. Trump criticized the news media, saying network licenses must be challenged and “if appropriate, revoked"
The president didn't explain what he meant by "look into it". Later, he said he didn't believe there should be limits on what media writes
Pres. Trump at photo op:  "disgusting the way the press is able to write whatever they want to write.  And people should look into it.”
Pres. Trump insisted on Sec. Tillerson, 'We have a very good relationship. The press really doesn’t understand that but that’s okay"
It came as he was asked if he and Secretary of State Tillerson are on the same page
Pres. Trump on North Korea: I listen to everybody but ultimately my attitude is the one that matters, isn’t it? That’s the way it works."
President Trump says he has a “different attitude” on North Korea than other people might have, saying he is “stronger and tougher” on it
President Trump says he wants the US nuclear arsenal in “tip top shape”, but denied he wanted ten times the amount of nuclear arsenal.
The pre-game for the @goldenknights honoring the heroes, and with the victims' name on the ice...wow.
The Obamas in statement on Weinstein say "Any man who demeans and degrades women in such fashion needs to be condemned and held accountable"
Former Pres.Obama and Michelle Obama after several days of silence say they are “disgusted” by reports about Harvey Weinstein
WH: President Trump and nat security team were briefed and "discussed a range of options to respond to any form of North Korean aggression"
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders says IQ test line was a joke, President has "full confidence" in Sec. Tillerson
Officials now say 13 people have been killed in the wildfires in northern California
Clinton in a statement sent by her spokesman on Twitter says the “behavior described by women coming forward cannot be tolerated”.
Breaking her silence, Hillary Clinton in a statement says she is “shocked and appalled” by revelations about major donor Harvey Weinstein.
The California wildfires have left at least 11 people dead, hundreds of structures destroyed, and more than 100 people missing.
VP Pence in Sacramento announces Trump administration approves major disaster declaration for California, as state battles 17 wildfires.
(That Bolton sighting from our @NoahGrayCNN and photojournalist Geoff Parker)
John Bolton spotted going into the West Wing a few minutes ago. He had complained recently his access to talking to WH had been cut off
And our @eliselabottcnn reports Tillerson has second meeting with the president this morning, along with McMaster and Kelly on Iran and NK
Tillerson also met with Pres. Trump Friday, unannounced, on the Middle East, @acosta and @kaitlancollins report. No talk of that comment
Against backdrop of their very public tensions, Sec. Tillerson has lunch with Pres. Trump today at White House along with Sec. Mattis
Pres. Trump tells Forbes "I'm not undermining" Tillerson with tweets on N. Korea, but "he was wasting his time" on trying to open dialogue
Pres. Trump tells Forbes he thinks Tillerson calling him a moron is fake news, but if he did "I guess we'll have to compare IQ tests"
Noting @GloriaBorger and @KevinBohnCNN have no appreciation for baseball superstition....
WH says Pres. Trump and Graham discussed "our legislative priorities including immigration, tax reform, government funding and health care"
Sen. Graham in tweet jokes, "How bad did he beat me? I did better in the presidential race than today on the golf course!"
Sen. Graham's tone a little different than another GOP Senator yesterday as he tweets about golf with Pres. Trump: " Great fun. Great host"
Billowing smoke from the Anaheim Hills fire was visible as VP Pence flew into Orange County, CA this afternoon on Air Force Two
President Trump is spending this  overcast Columbus Day at his Trump National Golf Club in Sterling, VA. Sen. Lindsay Graham is with him
President Trump tweets he asked Vice President Pence to leave the stadium if any player kneeled during the National Anthem
The pool says VP Pence met with Peyton Manning at the stadium before the game.
VP Pence tweeted as he left the stadium "I will not dignify any event that disrespects our soldiers, our flag, or or National Anthem"
Vice President Pence left the Colts game in Indianapolis after several 49'ers players kneeled during the National Anthem
Down go the SoonerS!
Busiest day of campaign was 1 year ago today. Was on way to airport for St. Louis debate when @laurabernardini called, "don't get on plane"
At Nate strengthens, the latest Hurricane Warning now includes Metropolitan News Orleans and Lake Pontchartrain
WH, asked about Sen. Corker’s comments earlier this week, said, “I think the President is the one that’s keeping the world from chaos"
The body of a US service member who went missing following ambush Wednesday in Niger has been recovered. Brings death toll to 4 in attack
Pres. Trump, asked what he meant in calm before the storm comment, winked and again said “you’ll find out” during Oval Office spray
Hurricane Warning now posted from Grand Isle, Louisiana to Alabama/Florida border. New Orleans under Tropical Storm Warning
https://t.co/pgybC7Mezq
Hurricane watch has been issued for Morgan City, LA to the Mississippi/Alabama border, including metropolitan New Orleans
RT @newsemmys: The Emmy for Outstanding Business, Consumer &amp; Economic Report goes to @AC360 "Trump University Fraud." #NewsEmmys
President Trump has been briefed by Chief of Staff John Kelly on the attack on US forces in Niger, WH press secretary Sarah Sanders said
UPDATE: 3 US Special Forces operators were killed and two others were wounded in the attack in southwest Niger, near the Mali border
BREAKING - US Africa Command says "joint U.S. and Nigerien patrol came under hostile fire in southwest Niger"
US Africa Command: "working to confirm details on the incident and will have more information as soon as we can confirm facts on the ground"
Corker on Tillerson: from my vantage point,"he ends up being not being supported in the way I would hope a Sec. of State would be supported"
Sen Corker: "Secretary Tillerson, Secretary Mattis, and Chief of Staff Kelly are those people that help separate our country from chaos"
President Trump has left Las Vegas. Mandalay Bay, the scene of Sunday's mass shooting, was in the background as Air Force One took off
President Trump tells reporters he has "total confidence" in Secretary of State Rex. Tillerson, calling today's report "totally made up"
WH press sec. Sarah Sanders: "if the president doesn't have confidence in somebody, they will no longer be in their position."
It seems at least part of the statement was for an audience of one - who may have been watching at 33,000 feet aboard Air Force One
But to be clear, asked directly, Tillerson did not deny the comment
Sec. Tillerson never denied the other part of the story that he referred to President Trump as a moron, calls it "petty nonsense"
Tillerson denies Vice President Pence ever had to persuade him not to quit
Tillerson: "I have never considered leaving this post"
This statement by Sec. Tillerson was not previously scheduled
Secretary of State Tillerson will make a statement shortly at the State Department. They have  not yet announced the subject. CNN live
ATF says there were 12 bump-fire stocks found on the suspect's firearms, which allow them to fire like automatic weapons.
The video of these heroic officers helping others while under fire at the Las Vegas scene is just unreal to watch
The President of the United States, amid a national tragedy and his hurricane visit, RT'd Hannity promoting his show on "despicable" media
33 of the Las Vegas shooting victims being treated at Sunrise Hospital and Medical Center remain in critical condition this morning
San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulin Cruz will attend a briefing with President Trump and officials during the president's visit to Puerto Rico
@DavidRitchie09 @Acosta  he'll be on the ground for more than 5 hours. Includes stops in a damaged area and a churcch
A SWAT team is about to execute a warrant on gunman's second home in northern Nevada
More guns, explosives, thousands of rounds of ammunition and electronic devices were found in search of gunman's Mesquite home
The number of people killed has risen to 59. 527 is the latest number of injured
Now - news conference underway on latest on Las Vegas shooting. CNN Live
Moment of silence on the South Lawn for the victims of nation's deadliest mass shooting in modern history https://t.co/hzPnQL8CDz
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders says Pres. Trump still has confidence in Sec. Tillerson, despite different messages this weekend
Staggering to consider this is the second time in 15 months we have seen what became the deadliest mass shooting in modern US history
Sheriff says the death toll is now 58 in the shooting. More than 500 were injured.
@Anthony89043629 he is still going to Puerto Rico, we just learned
Spokesperson for University Medical Center says they received 102 victims from the shooting: 12 are in critical condition there
President Trump also spoke with Sheriff Joseph Lombardo and Las Vegas Mayor Carolyn Goodman this morning.
President Trump has spoken this morning wth Nevada Gov. Sandoval
President Trump will go forward with tomorrow's trip to Puerto Rico, @acosta reports
Pres. Trump:we pray for the entire nation to find unity...the day when evil is banished and the innocent are safe from hatred and from fear
Pres. Trump: "I know we are searching for some kind of meaning in the chaos, some kind of light in be darkness.The answers do not come easy"
President Trump: "we call upon the bonds that unite us: our faith, our family, and our shared values."
President Trump: the first responders finding the gunman so quickly was "miraculous", saved many lives
President Trump will go to Las Vegas Wednesday in the wake of the shooting
President Trump: the Las Vegas shooting was "an act of pure evil"
The Las Vegas Police officer critically wounded as he responded to the shooting is now in stable condition after surgery
It was Chief of Staff John Kelly who briefed the President on the Las Vegas mass shooting
No word yet on any changes to the President's schedule today. He was scheduled to speak at 11:45a ET in East Room at deregulation event
The White House says they are monitoring the situation closely and "offer our full support to state and local officials"
An administration official tells @jeffzeleny the President's trip to Puerto Rico tomorrow is under review following the shooting
The White House says President Trump has been briefed on the Las Vegas mass shooting
Las Vegas sheriff now says more than 50 people are dead, more than 200 wounded. This would be deadliest mass shooting in US history
Sheriff's Dept: Two police officers who responded to the shooting were injured, one is in critical condition
Clark County Sheriff's Department: Some off duty officers who were at the concert were among the dead
BULLETIN; Clark County Sheriff's Dept. says more than 20 people are dead, and more than 100 have been injured in Las Vegas shooting
The suspect is a local resident
Police want to talk to a companion of the dead gunman
Sheriff's Dept. says shooter was on 32nd floor of Mandalay Bay - was engaged by officers and is dead
News conference with Clark County Sheriff's Dept. about to begin. CNN live
Jason Aldean in a statement says that he, his band and his crew are all unharmed
Hard to grasp the scene: thousands of fans watching Country Music  Entertainer of Year Jason Aldean at outdoor festival when shots began
SiriusXM Country host Storme Warren told CNN "To say that I saw things I never want to see again is the truth and it’s a scary situation.”
SiriusXM County host Storme Warren was near the stage, says he heard “more than 50 shots fired and probably in the hundreds.”
Las Vegas Metro PD: "At this time we do not believe there are any more shooters". Sheriff Dept. holding 3:45am ET/12:45am local news conf.
Horrifying video taken by concert goers indicates there were at least 3 bursts of what sounded like automatic weapons fire
It is sadly clear that the numbers of those shot will rise this morning will rise as officials collect information and can provide updates
University Medical Center in Las Vegas says 2 patients they received have died, 24 others received were wounded. 12 in critical condition
Las Vegas mayor in Twitter message: "Pray for Las Vegas. Thank you to all our first responders out there now."
Terrible situation developing in Las Vegas where police on scene of possible active shooting scene in area of music festival/Mandalay Bay
President Trump tweeted 21 times on Puerto Rico this weekend, but also notable were the two on NK with different message than Sec. Tillerson
Pres. Trump as he returned to WH said of PR: "Tremendous progress being made...we're getting a lot of things done, really at a record clip"
@POLITICO_Steve fat matt's BBQ a must
The pool reports a spectator yelled out during the President's remarks: "You don't give a s--- about Puerto Rico". Unclear it could be heard
Pres. Trump at President's Cup ceremony: "we're going to dedicate this trophy to all those people that went through so much"
President Trump at golf ceremony on hurricanes: "you see what's happening, how horrible it is, but we have it under really great control"
@GottaLaff the review referred to the departmental review of Price's travel
The president was not pleased with the partial repayment move, or how Price handled it during TV interview last night, the source said
Sources tell @Kevinliptakcnn the president planned to wait for review before Price decision - until Price's decision to do partial repayment
Price latest turnover over in admin: Flynn, Priebus, Bannon, Spicer, Dubke, Scaramucci, Gorka among senior departures in first 9 months
Breaking - Secretary Price offered his resignation and the President has accepted, White House announces
Praising Trump on Price situation again says "I'm not happy", saying "I don't like the optics"
President Trump says he's had 4 meetings on the new Fed chair, will make decision in next 2 to 3 weeks
Our @brookebrower notes the president previously called Reince Priebus and Steve Bannon "a good man" in the days before they were forced out
President Trump walking to Marine One tells reporters Sec. Price is "a fine man" but will decide later today whether to keep him in job
should be an ejection
HHS says Sec. Price will write check to US Treasury for $51,887.31 - amount for his seat, far less than total cost of the private flights
Sec. Price says "It is clear to me that in this case, I was not sensitive enough to my concern for the taxpayer...will never happen again"
Sec. Price in statement says he“will write a personal check to the US Treasury for the expenses of my travel on private charter planes."
But as today, the President has indicated in private he’s not ready to dismiss him from his post, the sources tell Kevin
President Trump has been encouraged by some advisers to fire HHS Sec. Tom Price in a show of authority, sources tell @Kevinliptakcnn
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise returning to work today for first time since the shooting, will address House floor shortly
Official says this differs from Sessions situation because President believes Price has made a public mistake, made admin look foolish.
WH official tells @jeffzelenythat  Price apologized to the president for the unnecessary distraction, but did not offer to resign.
Sec. Price on uncertain footing tonight, but WH official says Pres. Trump has "no immediate plans" to remove him, @jeffzeleny reports
Manning had played golf earlier this year with President Trump and retiring GOP Senator Bob Corker
Manning tells 3HL show: "I certainly have an interest in politics and in our country. I just have zero interest in being a politician"
Peyton Manning punts on Senate run speculation in Tennessee, tells Nashville's 104.5 The Zone "I really enjoy selling pizza and insurance"
Sen. Graham: Sen. Cochran illness "s one of the reasons" the bill failed to go to floor. He said "he main reason I think is the process"
Police officer on motorcycle crashed during President Trump's motorcade in Indianapolis. Officer being taken to hospital, in good condition
Senator Graham's letter to supporters came at same time President Trump in Indianapolis speech claimed "We have the votes on Graham-Cassidy"
Lindsey Graham says of the Graham-Cassidy bill, “we currently don’t have the votes to pass the legislation” but says “I’m not giving up”
Two military officials tell @barbarastarrcnn 2 to 3 thousand more US troops will be sent to Puerto Rico in the coming days
Pres. Trump says of player protests, 'When they are protesting during a football game, I think they can find better places"
Pres. Trump said "The NFL is in a very bad box. You cannot have people disrespecting our national anthem, our flag, our country"
Pres. Trump, asked if he has confidence in Sec. Price, said "I am going to see- I am looking at that very closely. I am not happy with him"
President Trump on private plane use by Cabinet members: "I'm not happy about it. I am not happy about it I'm going to look at it"
One GOP adviser to the White House on the president's unhappy reaction: "losing is bad for his brand"
Our team's reporting on President Trump's mood after candidate he reluctantly backed lost last night  https://t.co/5f434NLT4m
Vice President Pence, who 24 hours stood on an Alabama stage campaigning for Luther Strange, said tonight of Roy Moore “we are for you!”
Steve Bannon at Roy Moore's victory party:"you're going to see in state after state after state people that follow the model of Judge Moore"
Moore used President Trump’s motto tonight in his victory speech, declaring, “Together we can make America Great”
Moore on President Trump: "Don’t let anyone in the press think that because he supported my opponent, that I do not support him"
Pres. Trump just tweeted congratulations to Roy Moore. But in his tweet, the president got the date of the Dec. general election wrong.
Roy Moore taking the stage at his victory party in Montgomery...CNN live
FEMA Administrator Brock Long says the USS Comfort hospital ship will be dispatched to Puerto Rico
CNN: Special counsel interviews with White House staff could start later this week https://t.co/yQDou2bCKh
President Trump about to head to New York for a fundraiser - did not answer questions on North Korea and future of health care as he left WH
Pres. Trump says US responding to Kim Jong-un provocations: "He’s acting very badly. He’s saying things that should never ever be said."
President Trump:  "if we take that option, it will be devastating, I can tell 	you that, devastating for North Korea"
President Trump says military action not preferred choice, but US is “totally prepared” if they have to use it on North Korea
Moore supporter Tim James: we love President Trump but "he’s gonna think twice before he goes and jumps in a family feud,that I can tell ya"
Dueling rallies this hour in Alabama: Steve Bannon with Roy Moore in Fairhope, while VP Pence is with Luther Strange in Birmingham
State Dept on North Korea:  “No nation has the right to fire on other nations' aircraft or ships in international airspace or waters.”
The NK foreign minister claimed President Trump declared war with his tweet this weekend that NK wouldn't be around much longer
North Korean foreign minister claims NK has right to shoot down bombers flying over Korean Peninsula, even if not in their airspace
President Trump twice calls Roy Moore "Ray" during radio interview on Rick and Bubba show, as he pushed Luther Strange
The back road that goes under a taxiway at John Glenn International Airport. A favorite place to go when I was little https://t.co/oEAHxxI4Sv
The Nashville Fire Department says 8 people have wounded in a shooting at a church. The gunman is among the injured
I'm reminded of line from "The West Wing", where Pres. Bartlet called the presidency a "human starting gun" on bringing attention to issues
Patriots' owner Rober Kraft, a friend of Pres. Trump who flew Air Force One, says he is "deep disappointed in the tone" of his comments
North Korea's foreign minister is starting to address the United Nations General Assembly
Pentagon on B-1b show of force: this mission "clear message that the President has many military options to defeat any threat"
Pentagon says flying furthest north of DMZ underscores "seriousness  with which we take DPRK's reckless behavior"
Show of Force: US flies B-1B bombers with F-15a in international waters east of North Korea. Further north of DMZ they've flown this century
NFL Commissioner responding to Pres. Trump says "divisive comments like these demonstrate an unfortunate lack of respect" for players, game
President Trump, calling Russia stories a hoax, tells rally "I didn't see too many Russians in Pennsylvania"
President Trump: Luther Strange "is not a friend of Mitch McConnell...he just met him"
President Trump to rally: in case you're wondering, "no, Russia did not help me"
President Trump says NFL owners should respect the flag and say "get that son of a bitch off the field right now"
President Trump says NFL players not standing for National Anthem are "disrespecting the flag", says to leave stadium if someone does it
President Trump to rally: Luther Strange is the man to drain that swamp
President Trump goes to extended riff on how they are going to build the wall, "we really have to do a wall"
White House Chief of Staff John Kelly makes brief cameo on stage at rally after being called up by President
President Trump says Roy Moore might have trouble beating the Democratic candidate if he wins Tuesday's GOP runoff
President Trump says he has not given up on Rand Paul as yes vote on Graham-Cassidy, says would be ironic if he replaces McCain in support
President Trump says Senator McCain opposition "totally unexpected", says McCain's last campaign was all about repeal and replace
President Trump says some of people who support Moore work for him, jokes maybe they don't have jobs on Monday
President Trump to rally on North Korea: "'maybe something gets worked out, maybe it doesn't" but "you are protected"
President Trump to rally: "Rocket Man should have been handled a long time ago", calls Kim Jong Un "Little Rocket Man"
"Rocket Man" is a staple at many of the Trump rallies, but interesting thinking about any significance tonight
Roy Moore touting the support of President Trump's HUD Sec. Ben Carson, shortly before the President has rally with rival Luther Strange
RT @kaitlancollins: "Rocket Man" just came on at the Trump-Strange rally.
RT @PrestonCNN: Breaking: @LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy will debate @SenSanders @amyklobuchar on healthcare Monday at 9pET during @CNN Spec…
Pres. Trump spoke Pres. Pena today, offered search and rescue teams to help in the wake of the earthquake. WH says teams being deployed now
The president wrote, "Puerto Rico being hit hard by new monster Hurricane. Be careful, our hearts are with you- will be there to help!”
President Trump late tonight tweeted “be careful, our hearts are with you” as "monster" Category 5 Hurricane Maria approached Puerto Rico
Senior admin official tells @acosta the “Rocket Man” term was a late addition to the president’s formal speech, added this morning.
President Trump says of UN speech "I think it went very well. I said what I had to say"
What appeared to be an offhand Sunday morning tweet has made its way into the president's biggest foreign policy address:"Rocket Man"
5 of the last 6 named storms have been hurricanes, 4 becoming major  hurricanes and 2 of them reaching Category 5 status (Fixes numbers)
Rapidly intensifying Hurricane Maria has become a Category 5 hurricane. Pres. Trump has signed emergency declarations for Puerto Rico, USVI
The presidential motorcade makes it up Madison Avenue after President Trump's meetings at the Palace Hotel https://t.co/NRAAme0ACs
President Trump has arrived at Trump Tower in Midtown Manhattan, his second return here since taking office. https://t.co/VB1HK0nbkT
RT @maggieNYT: Important story  https://t.co/ja6oEIfQ2K
RT @theOzonedotnet: Urban Meyer opens his postgame comments talking about what an honor it is to play Army. https://t.co/fxTsIKS04V
The announcement of the president coming to campaign for Strange comes a few hours after Rep.  Mo Brooks endorsed Roy Moore in the runoff
President Trump announces he'll go to Huntsville to campaign next Saturday night for Sen. Luther Strange - 3 days before GOP Senate runoff
Anyone know where I can find a Tulane hat for the next few hours? #beatoklahoma
President Trump says "regime of North Korea, which has one again shown its utter contempt for its neighbors, and the entire world community"
The president told troops at Joint Base Andrews "America and our allies will never be intimidated" in face of North Korea thrreat
Pres. Trump on NK: "We will defend our people, our nations, and our civilization, from all who dare to threaten our way of life"
The backdrop for the president's speech to troops this afternoon at Joint Base Andrews https://t.co/LqoyooVO34
As he walked to Marine One on WH South Lawn, President Trump mouthed "no" when asked if he's running out of options on North Korea.
President Trump on terror attacks: "perhaps we're not nearly tough enough"
President Trump just told reporters he's about to call Priem Minister May in the wake of the London train attack
Sec. Tillerson in statement says "China supplies N. Korea with most of its oil. Russia is the largest employer of North Korean forced labor"
Sec. Tillerson: "China and Russia must indicate their intolerance for these reckless missile launches by taking direct actions of their own"
Sec. of State Tillerson in statement on North Korea launch: "We call on all nations to take new measures against the Kim regime"
UN Security Council will meet Friday in closed door session on the North Korea missile launch according to a UN diplomat.
US Pacific Command says the NK missile launch has been assessed to an intermediate range ballistic missile, posed no threat to Guam or US
President Trump was briefed tonight on the North Korea missile launch by Chief of Staff John Kelly, press sec. Sarah Sanders says
The President and First Lady are en route to Ft. Myers, where he gets briefing on relief efforts. He then visits damaged area of Naples
As Pres. Trump boarded Air Force One, a reporter shouted do you favor amnesty? He President responded, "DACA. The word is DACA".
President Trump says they are "fairly close" to deal on DACA, tells reporters Ryan and McConnell are are on board
If Kid Rock runs for the Senate, will he play Mitt Romney songs at end of his rallies? (Anyone who covered the '12 race appreciates this)
The president will also receive the daily intelligence briefing when he returns from the Pentagon, followed by an update on Hurricane Irma.
President Trump tomorrow morning will take part in a moment of silence on the South Lawn and a Pentagon ceremony on 16th anniversary of 9/11
WH: President Trump getting briefing this morning on Irma, has spoken to Governors of Florida, Georgia, Alabama, S. Carolina and Tennessee
@Phil_Mattingly all respect I gained for mayfield during the game disappeared with that stunt
No Buckeye fan should be leaving Ohio Stadium yet...
@politiCOHEN_ I want neither of those things
In the released remarks, Pres. Trump said they would discuss North Korea and the steps the US would take to "keep our people safe"
In remarks released by the White House from Camp David cabinet meeting, the president said he wants to speed up tax cut/tax reform effort
Anyone think Ohio State and Oklahoma would have a combined 6 points at halftime, in perfect weather?
That is a lateral, and a fumble. #gobucks
@JennyJohnsonHi5 @kristymcampbell my nickname at my first job was "Mr. Expendable". Boss's advice: don't damage the news car.
@mchastain81 bet this car runs great all year...until it gets to ohio
@JPeters_in_MD considered the Atlantic basin along with the Caribbean
The latest National Hurricane Center forecast has Irma back as a Category 5 hurricane when it makes landfall in south Florida
This message from the National Weather Service in Key West: "***THIS IS AS REAL AS IT GETS***, NOWHERE IN THE FLORIDA KEYS WILL BE SAFE**"
Pres. Trump expected to sign the Harvey relief/debt ceiling/short term spending package later today
This is first time in recorded history there have been two hurricanes with 150 mph winds at same time in the Atlantic.
Pres. Trump gets his second National Security Council briefing of week this morning, then gets briefed on Irma before going to Camp David
Hurricane warning now issued for south Florida, from Jupiter Inlet southward around the Florida Peninsula to Bonita Beach
Hurricane watches are now posted for the Florida Keys and south Florida - including the Miami, Ft. Lauderdale, West Palm and Naples areas
The White House says in addition to Rep. Pelosi, the president spoke today To Speaker Ryan, Senator McConnell and Sen. Schumer
Two fascinating things here from @deirdrewalshcnn: Pres. Trump called Nancy Pelosi. And she asked him to assure DREAMers before that tweet
We'll hear from the president in a joint news conference at 1:30pm in the East Room with the Amir of Kuwait
President Trump will get a briefing on the hurricanes tomorrow morning in the Oval Office
President Trump about to speak in Mandan, North Dakota. He will make comments at the beginning about Hurricane Irma. CNN live
@jamiekCNN Great. I look forward to the intermission while the Buckeyes are playing for the national championship that night
It is surprising the statement released by Pres. Trump outlining his difficult decision was not made before cameras, instead of on paper
Pres. Trump:  We must also have heart and compassion for unemployed, struggling, and forgotten Americans.
Pres. Trump: "we will resolve the DACA issue with heart and compassion – but through the lawful Democratic process"
Pres. Trump:  Congress now has the opportunity to advance responsible immigration reform that puts American jobs and American security first
Pres. Trump: DACA recipients are not enforcement priorities unless they  are criminals,are involved in criminal activity or are gang members
Pres. Trump: DACA recipients are not enforcement priorities unless they are criminals,are involved in criminal activity" or are gang members
Pres. Trump: "There can be no path to principled immigration reform if the exec. branch is able to rewrite or nullify federal laws at will"
President Trump statement: "we must also recognize that we are nation of opportunity because we are a nation of laws"
Florida Gov. Rick Scott is directing all 7000 National Guard members to report for duty on Friday morning. as Hurricane Irma approaches
Irma has now grown to a category 5 hurricane, with maximum sustained winds at 175mph.
Florida Gov. Scott declares state of emergency to help coordinate preparations, get resources as dangerous Hurricane Irma moves their way
WH says Pres. Trump, Moon "agreed to maximize pressure on NK using all means at their disposal", strengthen joint military capabilities.
WH:  Pres. Trump gave SK "conceptual approval for the purchase of many billions of dollars’ worth of military weapons and equipment" from US
WH: Pres. Trump gave Pres. Moon "in-principle approval" to SK's "initiative to lift restrictions on their missile payload capabilities"
WH statement after Pres. Trump’s call today with Chancellor Merkel says “all options to address the North Korean threat are on the table"
RT @kaitlancollins: The South Korean government says President Trump and President Moon Jae-in of South Korea will speak soon.
Picturesque end to a very eventful day https://t.co/eSn2TIW06n
The phone call between President Trump and PM Abe was their 4th call since missile test Monday, and 2nd in less than 24 hours
Pres. Trump in Abe call reaffirmed defense commitment using "full range of diplomatic,conventional,and nuclear capabilities at our disposal"
Vice President Pence's motorcade has departed the White House after the national security team meeting on North Korea
The White House says the president will meet with his national security team later today on North Korea
The Japanese foreign minister says this was a North Korean nuclear test, after analyzing data
The South Korean Joint Chiefs say the earthquake in NK  man-made and are analyzing whether it was a nuclear test. They raised alert status
The location of the seismic activity in North Korea is same area as their five previous nuclear tests
White House says President Trump spoke with Japanese PM Abe from Air Force One. Third time they've talked since Monday NK missile launch.
I always think of Peter Sellers and Being There when I hear Florida's Chauncey Gardner's name. But I read a story the name is coincidence.
My second favorite team for the rest of the year will be whoever plays Clemson. #goauburn. Stay classy, Clemson band
The pool producer aboard Air Force One says flooding was visible out the windows as they flew into the Houston area
President and Mrs. Trump have landed in Houston to see damage and visit with storm victims
@StephLauren Indiana is tougher than anyone realized. But think we're finally getting on track.
@StephLauren we're not friends tonight
RT @EricBlake12: Never made a forecast before for a major #hurricane for 5 days so far east! #Irma is uncommonly strong there and should be…
@RobKunz_ yes!!!
VP Pence, who will see aftermath of Harvey in person tomorrow,says "this could well be Texas' finest hour" because of how people responded
Tropical Storm Irma has formed over the eastern Atlantic. Expected to gain strength over open water.Too early to know if it's threat to land
Donald Trump Junior agrees to transcribed interview with Senate Judiciary Committee.    	  https://t.co/BtckLYokyY
President and Mrs. Trump greeted on the tarmac in Austin (from the pool signal) https://t.co/WLZMHrcq6h
The president has now arrived in Austin, where he will get a briefing from officials and tour the state emergency operations center
Air Force One has departed Corpus Christi en route to Austin. Senators Cruz and Cornyn are on board for the short flight
RT @mannyNYT: It's been a long day https://t.co/Bbpu0C29A1
Front row at the president's joint news conference: VP Pence, Sec. Tillerson, Chief of Staff Kelly and Nat. Sec. Adviser McMaster.
Tropical Storm Watches being posted for North and South Carolina coasts
The National Hurricane Center will start doing updates at 5pm on possible tropical system off the southeast coast.
President Trump will go to Texas on Tuesday, the White House says. No details yet on where he will visit
Speaker Ryan's office says he does not agree with decision to pardon Arpaio. Majority Leader McConnell's office won't answer the question
The White House says President Trump has been briefed on North Korea missile launch, and is monitoring the situation
@mchastain81 even during football season?
RT @SaraMurray: This anecdote in @wpjenna's piece on Trump's rally breaks my heart a little bit. (1/8) https://t.co/RrYMKLybGZ
RT @ericbradner: The news from Trump's night in Phoenix, in part: 		Culture war; shutdown over the wall; NAFTA failure; Sheriff Joe pardon;…
RT @SaraMurray: Guys, tonight was the first Trump rally for @MarquardtA. I feel like he picked a good one.
The president is omitting the line that caused questions over his Saturday remarks, "many sides"
A sure sign you're back in Columbus. This across from Ohio Stadium. #GoBucks https://t.co/IAuAbHmKra
Previously not known:Speaker Ryan disclosed he spoke to President Trump last Monday, following Pres.'s first panned Charlottesville remarks
Speaker Ryan: are there some Pres. Trump tweets I'd rather have not seen? "Of course there are". But says Pres. effective at social media
Speaker Ryan, facing more questions over President Trump's comment, repeats he needs to do better but shouldn't be "partisan food fight"
Ryan pressed on why he didn't criticize the fine people comment by Pres. Trump, says "you're not a good person" if part of supremacist rally
Speaker Ryan at CNN town hall says President Trump "messed up" in his remarks Tuesday, says tonight's comments were step in right direction
@stevebruskCNN kidding. Sort of.
How a news brain works. Now worried about finding satellite trucks for primaries during April 2024 total eclipse in US
Breaking - the Navy now says 10 sailors are missing after the USS John S McCain collision. 5 others are injured
The 7th Fleet says the USS John S. McCain is sailing on its own power after the collision and heading to port
Ryan Browne says preliminary information is minor injuries from  USS John McCain collision. A full accounting of the crew is still underway
Navy says destroyer USS John S McCain involved in collision with merchant ship near Strait of Malacca. Search and rescue operation underway
The other side of the Turnpike has a tree blocking part of the road with Fire Dept. on scene. Traffic not moving eastbound near New Stanton
Wow. Just drove through a hailstorm in the Pennsylvania Turnpike outside Pittsburgh - seriously thought it would break the windshield
Six police officers have been shot in 3 incidents in last few hours. 2 officers killed in Kissimmee,FL, 2 shot in Jacksonville, 2 shot in PA
Embattled White House Chief Strategist Steve Bannon is out, two administration officials tell CNN.
The NYPD tell our New York Bureau that 3 people have been arrested tonight in the protests outside Trump Tower
The president's motorcade avoided seeing protesters as he arrived at Trump Tower a few minutes ago
From our live feed - awaiting the president's arrival in Manhattan. His first trip to Trump Tower since taking office https://t.co/Wlh69wUD2X
The president said the "KKK, Neo-Nazis, White Supremacists, and other hate groups are repugnant to everything we hold dear as America"
Pres. Trump says "Racism is evil – and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs"
President Trump about to make statement at White House -- CNN live. He will address Charlottesville
Merck CEO quits  President Trump council over Charlottesville - followed by president going after him on Twitter https://t.co/xn3XtCB3Q4
The White House says President Trump will have a phone call Monday night with Japanese Prime Minister Abe.
VP Pence, as he discussed Charlottesville next to Colombian Pres. Santos, noted Santos’ son just graduated from the University of Virginia
VP Pence forcefully defended the president's answer, but his comments directly reflected what President Trump didn't say yesterday
VP Pence said the president’s “call for unity” was “from a heart…a sincere call”, and he criticized media scrutiny of Trump’s comments.
VP Pence defended the president’s comment, saying the president “clearly and unambiguously condemned” the “bigotry and hatred”
Pence: These dangerous fringe groups have no place in America public life or the public debate, and we condemn them in the strongest terms
Vice President Pence in Colombia says "We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo-Nazis or the KKK"
Central Command says the initial indications are the incident was not the result of enemy contact. It is under investigation
Breaking - Central Command says 2 US service members were killed and 5 injured while conducting combat operations in Northern Iraq   More
Police chief:The incident where one pedestrian was killed and 19 injured by a car in Charlottesville is being treated as a criminal homicide
Police confirm two people were killed in the helicopter crash. They are not yet confirming who it belonged to.
Adding to the situation in Charlottesville: helicopter carrying 2 people has crashed. Daily Progress reports it's a state police helicopter
Republican Senator Cory Gardner tweets "Mr. President, we must call evil by its name".
President Trump says he just spoke with Virginia Gov. McAuliffe  in wake of Charlottesville
President Trump will make remarks about Charlottesville during an event in Bedminster shortly. CNN live
At one point, the pool notes press secretary Sarah Sanders held up "one more question" sign for the president, but he kept going
The president took more questions today than any day since February, at least 19 in the two media avails with pool reporters
Nauert says the president and Sec. Tillerson are in agreement on the US pressure campaign
State Dept. spokesperson Heather Nauert says Pres. Trump and Sec.  Tillerson spoke within the last 24 hours for about an hour
Important, in next week's Alabama GOP Senate Primary. President Trump has decided to weigh in, backing Senator Luther Strange.
Pres. Trump is warning North Korea not to make any more threats against the United States or face and fury like the world has never seen
It feels a little like fall in DC today with the clouds and the light breeze. Nice gift in August
Interesting to note President Trump retweeted a report on North Korea patrol boats that Ambassador Haley wouldn't comment on in Fox intv
@lyman_brian @cFidd senselessly
RT @jaketapper: Peter Jennings died on this day in 2005. We miss you, Peter. Wonder what you would make of today's news -- https://t.co/zS6…
President Trump's tweet about cracking down on leaks is his first positive comment about AG Sessions in public in wake of NY Times intv
The smaller Air Force One has arrived in Morristown, New Jersey, as President Trump begins a working vacation at his Bedminster golf club
The vice president met with family members at Dover this afternoon before the dignified transfer returning them to the US
Specialist Christopher M. Harris, and Sgt. Jonathon M. Hunter were killed in an attack on their convoy near Kandahar Wednesday
Vice President Pence attended the dignified transfer of the two service members killed in Afghanistan, at Dover AFB this afternoon
The source tells Pam Brown the subpoena seeks both documents and testimony from people involved in the meeting.
Pam Brown reports the special counsel has issued subpoenas related to the Donald Trump Jr meeting at Trump Tower, according to source
President Trump: US holds Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro “personally responsible for the health and safety” of two opposition leaders
Pres. Trump ends this eventful day in the West Wing tweeting “a great day at the White House!”
President Trump’s new communications director Anthony Scaramucci is out, two sources tell CNN
White House: Pres. Trump talked to Japanese Prime Minister Abe Sunday, discussing the “grave and growing direct threat" from North Korea
(Tto be clear, they hadn't talked as of end of last week and Sessions said in Fox a discussion wasn't yet on the calendar)
@leben_l as of Friday, according to White House. I do not know if they spoke this weekend
AG Sessions has not spoken to the president since the NY Times interview. They will be in the same room for the Cabinet meeting.
President Trump takes part in swearing-in of new Chief of Staff John Kelly in the morning, followed by a Cabinet meeting.
@GriffinWH not a news crew. This is restricted airspace
@GriffinWH incredibly low, too. Barely over top of a few apartment buildings
@DavidAFrench i should not have watched this at work. My eyes are wet from allergies, honest
Outgoing White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus in 1st intv tells Wolf Blitzer “the president wanted to go in a different direction”
WH communications director Anthony Scaramucci's tweet on the New Yorker story does not include apology or any attempt to walk back comments
Awful ride accident at the Ohio State Fair, where i spent many summers growing up. 1 dead, 5 critically hurt when thrown from ride
President Trump will take questions tomorrow at a joint news conference with Lebanese Prime Minister Hariri.
Senator John McCain will return to Washington tomorrow for the first time since his brain tumor diagnosis last week.
One of the Eagle Scouts in President Trump's administration: Attorney General Jeff Sessions
President Trump said no politics as he started the Scout speech...but he quickly called DC " a sewer", and has started talking health care
Rudy Giuliani tells CNN AG Jeff Sessions ‘"made the right decision under the rules of the Justice Department” in recusing himself
Interesting. White House has set up podium with branded logo at stakeout spot for Jared Kushner statement https://t.co/qWpiANudpV
Nice end to the weekend, dinner with friends in Annapolis with a post-storm sky https://t.co/LvbX9AMvWD
Returning home to Columbus and THE Ohio State University tomorrow to cover Vice President Pence at the state GOP Dinner.
White House threatens "new and serious consequences on Iran unless all unjustly imprisoned American citizens are released"
RT @jmartNYT: He didn't just hold fast in Hanoi: an 80-year-old man w brain cancer pushed self to exhaustion this year to reassure the worl…
President Trump is nominating John Bass, the current US Ambassador to Turkey, as the next Ambassador to Afghanistan.
RT @mkraju: @frankthorp And here's that epic live shot: https://t.co/qEmyRG9NJq
A source familiar with his thinking says AG Sessions has no intention of stepping down after Pres. Trump’s comments (from @kaitlancollins)
Senator McCains office says further consultations with "Mayo Clinic care team will indicate when he will return to the United States Senate"
In statement, Senator McCain's office says treatment options may include a combination of chemotherapy and radiation.
Sen. McCain office said his "doctors say he is recovering from his surgery ‘amazingly well’ and his underlying health is excellent.”
BULLETIN - Senator John McCain has been diagnosed with brain cancer after pathology was performed following this weekend's surgery
The Senate Judiciary Committee says Donald Trump Junior and Paul  Manafort have been scheduled to testify before the committee Weds.
Jared Kushner will appear before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Monday in a closed session
RT @Phil_Mattingly: this https://t.co/HVEUddoY9o
Senator Moran and Lee are no's on health care...now not enough GOP votes for the bill to come to floor in this form
The six GOP Senators we know are going to the dinner at the White House are all yes votes for the health care plan already
Our Lauren Fox reports Montana Sen. Steve Daines will also attend the WH dinner this evening, the 6th GOP Senator going
A 5th GOP Senator confirmed for tonight's WH dinner is Senator Roy Blunt
Four GOP Senators known to be at tonight's WH dinner with President Trump: Thune, Cornyn, Lankford, Alexander
This never stops being moving. Group of service members get off plane in Columbus. Everyone in gate area breaks into applause (fixes word)
@JohnRebuttal gate area. Only hate is the iPhone i can't type on
Air Force One landed at Orly Airporr at 2:37am ET. He will meet with President Macron, hold a joint news conf,and attend Bastille Day parade
President Trump has arrived in Paris, his second visit to Europe in a week
@adammcginnis the departure from the WH was a few minutes late, so they hung around a bit awaiitng
@adammcginnis those were the support helicopters for the president's Marine One flight to Joint Base Andrews.
@halbritz get out of my head!!
@NAEaglePride ready...go!
Wishing I was a better photographer. Moon visible over the White House https://t.co/NDWcgRRJxY
@paulmagers not even close. amazing city
My building had a mouse in the elevator this morning. Just trying to figure out how he reached the buttons...
The president is back at the White House on a perfect summer night after 8 hour flight from Hamburg https://t.co/7wVBuvJ5xo
Nikki Haley to @CNNSotu: "This is Russia trying to save face.  And they can't.. Everybody knows that Russia meddled in our elections"
Nikki Haley on @CNNSotu: Pres.Trump "wanted him to basically look him in the eye,let him know that yes we know you meddled in our elections
President Trump has taken off from Hamburg en route back to Joint Base Andrews
Awaiting Air Force One's departure from Hamburg https://t.co/ruZoMFWUZj
PM May: "Like other world leaders here, I'm dismayed at the US decision to pull out of the Paris agreement", urged Pres. Trump to rejoin
Merkel on G20 climate statement: "what becomes clear in the declaration is the dissenting view of US"
Merkel: "I am very gratified to know that the other 19 member stated of the G20 say that the Paris Agreement is irreversible"
Merkel on US and the Paris accords: "You are familiar with the American position, you know that unfortunately, and I deplore this"
Merkel on Ivanka Trump sitting in: "it is very well known that she works in the White House and she is also engaged in certain initiatives"
Merkel on Ivanka Trump sitting in for her father at G20 when he left for meeting: "that is something that other delegations also do"
Putin, asked if Pres. Trump accepted his answer on meddling: "I think he noted it and he agreed with it.But I think it is better to ask him"
Putin at news conference claims "There are absolutely no grounds for suggesting Russia was involved”.
Putin says on issue of Russian election interference, "we discussed this.  It wasn’t just one question, there were a lot of questions"
Pres. Trump says there will "eventually be a success" against NK, "maybe longer than I like,more than you like, but there will be a success"
Putin says in Hamburg of President Trump, "it seems to me we will be able to build future relations…to get to the level that we need"
Putin at news conference says “Trump on TV is very different from the Trump in person that I saw. He is a very good interlocutor."
Sasse: if  Republicans don't repeal and replace, it's "fundamentally deciding that keeping your word is not something to take seriously"
Sasse tells GOP dinner "I’m still hot about developments this week in the healthcare debate"
Sasse: "the title you should care about is mom and dad and Christian and neighbor and Husker fan" (Nebraska fan tweaking Iowa crowd)
Sen. Sasse tells Iowa crowd, "conservative is more of an identity for me than Republican"
Sen. Sasse says working with Democrats on heath care fixes if Senate GOP can't reach deal  "bad policy, bad politics"
Sen. Sasse says he's skeptical of comprehensive tax reform happening this year
Sen Sasse: We should stay in DC and work on heath care replacement "on camera, 18 hours a days, 6 days a week" until we have one
Sen. Sasse: "None of us should have that much of our identity invested in a political party."
That's GOP Senator Ben Sasse in Iowa tonight. At Story County Republican Party dinner https://t.co/LjZrEGpsgF
The Trump - Putin meeting, scheduled for 40 minutes, is still underway after 90 minutes, @Kevinliptakcnn and @jeffzeleny report
President Trump and President Putin, with Tillerson, Lavrov and the translators in first sitdown meeting. from pool producer Allie Malloy https://t.co/GvMA6L9Ix8
Asked if he still wants Mexico to pay for the wall, Pres. Trump and then said "absolutely" with a bit of a smile
With Mexican Pres. Pena Nieto, Pres. Trump says they're negotiating   NAFTA and other things with Mexico, says "we made very good progress"
President Trump tells reporters on the day at the G20 it's going to be a "very interesting day
Pima County, Arizona, Sheriff’s Department says suspect has been charged with Threats and Intimidation, and 3rd Degree Criminal Trespass
Suspect then allegedly told the Senator's staff member "That last guy tried, but he needed better aim.  We will get better aim.”
Suspect allegedly said to Flake staffer "You know how liberals are going to solve the Republican problem?  They are going to get better aim"
Protester arrested at Republican Senator Jeff Flake’s office in Tucson.for alleged threat alluding to the Congressional baseball shooting,
At Asia security dinner photo op with PM Abe and Pres.Moon, Pres. Trump was asked if he had given up on Pres. Xi. He replied "never give up"
During photo op before their bilat meeting, President Trump and Chancellor Merkel talked in front of G20 backdrop and shook hands.
Vice President Pence is attending the "Sound of Music" performance tonight at the Kennedy Center, @SuzanneMalveaux tells us
RT @ElizLanders: It may be midnight in Warsaw, but Bill &amp; @Acosta are making live TV happen now for @CNNSitRoom https://t.co/IotOrA1PV6
President Trump has landed in Warsaw
I'm on the DC end of the trip with our White House and Special Events teams on the ground in Warsaw and Hamburg
@iNurse615 @cloudlove223 @amb573 @yashar @mhking it was. the cars are identical
@yashar @mhking (2) walked towards that car before going to the first limo.
@yashar @mhking The cuts camera actually showed why. There is a second limo there, with its door open. The president could see that door and briefly (more)
Pentagon releases video of the joint missile drill, part of effort to send a message
Breaking: US and South Korea hold joint ballistic missile drill, SK says was “intended as a strong warning against North Korean provocation”
Statement far different than Sec Tillerson April statement: "The United States has spoken enough about N. Korea. We have no further comment"
Tillerson says they'll take N. Korea's "provocative action" before  UN Security Council, "enact stronger measures" to hold them accountable
Tillerson: "The President and his national security team are continuing to assess the situation in close coordination with our allies"
Sec. Tillerson: "All nations should publicly demonstrate to North Korea that there are consequences to their pursuit of nuclear weapons"
Sec. of State Tillerson on N. Korea: "Testing an ICBM represents a new escalation of the threat to the United States", allies and world
Sen. Susan Collins in Maine tells CNN on health care bill, "I'm still in the no unless the bill is dramatically changed".
Heller is moving briskly on the horse. But a man as he passed said "vote yes on that health bill"
South Korea says North Korea launched unidentified ballistic missile that flew into the waters east of the Korean peninsula
@PrestonCNN @hughhewitt @Patriots Like NATO, i must side with fellow Buckeye Hugh Hewitt on this
To Eugene Robinson's point on Meet the Press, fascinating to consider the president's wrestling tweet is official White House communication
New York Post editorial this week https://t.co/gPiNBt0lDb
The White House says President Trump will have calls tomorrow night with Japanese Prime Minister Abe and Chinese President Xi.
First family arrives for weekend in Bedminster. First time Air Force One landed at small airport in Morristown, NJ https://t.co/jJHQQraUfP
Suspect and woman are dead, 5 others wounded in the shooting at the Bronx hospital.
NYPD says one gunman is dead in the Bronx Lebanon Hospital shooting
NYPD source tells CNN there are believed to be four to six people  wounded in the shooting at Bronx Lebanon Hospital
Reporters yelled questions to President Trump asking if he regretted the tweets, as he awaited the arrival of Pres. Moon. He didn't answer
@samtayrey @CoryGunkel @TweetingGeet i wonder if the pigs will suuue-eey
President Trump returns to White House from first 2020 re-election fundraiser, at his Trump International Hotel https://t.co/Z6zpzUAmhu
RT @barbarastarrcnn: TV journos have joined SecDefs and Chairmen on the front lines for decades. This week neither Mattis or Dunford took t…
Quite a night. 4 GOP Sens are no votes that would keep health care debate from even starting. And strongly worded WH statement on Syria
@km_call agreed
@CXJ513 @TheOtherKeppler @JusticeWillett do you take you law enforcement seriously in this county?
@TheOtherKeppler @JusticeWillett everyone should have seen cannonball run. best awful movie of all time
Sen. Graham tells the pool at White House picnic "It's 50/50 we get to 50" on health care, (pool notes he liked the quote)
Senator Graham to @mkraju on President Trump's tapes tweet: 'I think he'll learn that words matter"
A Republican associate who spoke to Pres. Trump this week tells @jeffzeleny of initial tapes tweet "If he doesn't regret this, he should"
President Trump says he did not make any tapes or recordings of conversations with James Comey
@LizClaman @wsyx6 such a fun time. Amazing team to work with
President Trump was briefed this afternoon by his homeland security adviser on the incident
This would be the first terrorist attack on US soil since President Trump took office
FBI says Flint airport attack being investigated as act of terrorism
CNN projects Republican Karen Handel wins the closely watched special election in the Georgia 6th Congressional district
CNN projects Republican Ralph Norman wins special election in South Carolina 5th Congressional District in closer than expected race
White House announces first on-camera briefing in 8 days. Sean Spicer will hold a briefing at 1:30p ET
@KatieMLeach The Pences also lost their dog late in the campaign...their beagle Maverick passed away in October at age 13. Back to a full house
MedStar Washington Hospital Center says Rep. Scalise continues to show signs of improvement, is more responsive, speaking with loved ones
Congressman Steve Scalise is out of critical condition. His office says he underwent another surgery today, is now in serious condition
RT @jaketapper: .@ScottPelley, a serious newsman at a time when journalism is threatened from outside and inside -- well done and see you o…
US Navy official says some crew members are unaccounted for after USS Fitzgerald collision. They are working to fully account for everyone
Navy official says the  Fitzgerald  is “dead in the water” but does have some electricity, @barbarastarrcnn reports
US Navy official says crew of the USS working to stabilize ship by pumping water out of ship’s hold.
The Navy says the crew size is about 330. Damage to the ship is being evaluated, no word yet on extent of any injuries on board
BREAKING -- Navy destroyer USS Fitzgerald has taken on water after collision with merchant ship off coast of Japan, not in danger of sinking
Vice President Pence tells reporters in Miami hiring a private lawyer "very routine"
I found myself clapping in the newsroom as Capitol Police officer David Bailey threw out the first pitch. wow.
The FBI says a second Congressman was hurt in the baseball practice shooting, suffered minor injuries. (Fixes word from statement)
Matt Mika, also wounded in the Congressional baseball practice shooting, was hit several times, is in critical condition undergoing surgery
Meanwhile, in San Francisco, a gunman killed 3 people at a UPS facility before killing himself. Two others were wounded
The Washington Hospital Center says Congresman Scalise is out of surgery, and is in critical condition
Vice President Pence has canceled a planned 9am speech at a DC hotel in the wake of the shooting. He has just arrived at the White House
Senator Rand Paul tells CNN "no one would have survived without the Capitol Police detail...it would have been a massacre"
Rep. Jeff Flake says a wounded member of the Capitol security detail appears to be the one who took down the gunman
White House presss secretary Sean Spicer says the President and Vice President are aware of the shooting
Rep. Brooks says at least 5 people were wounded including Congressman Scalise and two security detail members
Helicopter landed in center field and took one of the wounded to a hospital, Rep. Brooks said
Brooks says security detail officers "took him down". Members and others rushed to help Scalise hit in hip area, he said
Rep. Brooks says members of security details returned fire at suspect, two security detail officers were hurt.
Rep. Brooks says House Majority Whip Steve Scalise was wounded along with at least one aide
Gunman opens fire on congressional baseball practice happening in Alexandria, Virginia. Congressman Mo Brooks saw man with rifle firing
CNN projects former RNC Chairman Ed Gillespie will win the GOP primary for Governor, surviving a fierce upset bid by Corey Stewart
Hitting a theme, the president said "no matter how good it is, we will get zero obstructionist Democratic votes"
President Trump  in Milwaukee says of health care effort in Senate "hopefully it'll get done"
President Trump talking health care on tarmac in Milwaukee, as Senator King questions Attorney General Sessions in the Intel hearing
Pres. Trump aboard Air Force One watched Attorney Gen.Sessions testify during 90 minute flight to Milwaukee, aide tells @jeffzeleny
The vice president stood with his hand over his heart as the flag draped caskets were carried off the plane.
Vice Pres. Pence is at Dover AFB, unannounced, attending the dignified  transfer of the U.S. servicemen killed in the attack in Afghanistan
The first lady and Barron are now full time residents of the White House as of tonight. Mrs. Trump just tweeted a message on "moving day"
The first lady and son Barron came down the steps of Air Force One with the president
President Trump is back in Washington, landing moments ago at Joint Base Andrews after the weekend in Bedminster
The White House says President Trump was briefed in Bedminster on the incident in Afghanistan.
Three US servicemen were killed, another wounded in a shooting in eastern Afghanistan. It is a suspected insider arrack by Afghan soldier
President Trump has arrived in Newark, New Jersey...heading for two days at his Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster
One of the DC Metro police officers struck by the pick-up truck is in extremelt critical condition
The police chief in news conference outside hospital said a weapon was recovered from the suspect's truck.
The DC Metro police chief said they do not yet have a motive in the incident where 2 police officers and 3 others were struck
Officials say 5 people were taken to the hospital. 1 DC Metro police officer is in critical condition, 1 officer is in serious condition
The incident happened near 18th and Columbia Road in Washington's Adams Morgan neighborhood. The pick-up hit a garbage truck at end
The victims have been transported to area hospitals. The driver is in custody.
Incident in popular NW Washington neighborhood: 2 police officers and at least 1 pedestrian struck by pick-up truck.Police and fire on scene
The TV pool reporter asked Mr. Trump if he had any reaction to the testimony, then asked if Comey told the truth. The president did no reply
President Trump ignored two questions from the pool reporter on James Comey during a White House infrastructure event moments ago.
Trump lawyer: "the President never, in form or substance, directed or suggested that Mr. Comey stop investigating anyone" including Flynn
Trump lawyer will say the "'President also never told Mr. Comey, “I need loyalty, I expect loyalty” in form or substance"
Trump lawyer accusing Comey of "unauthorized disclosure of privileged information", says it appears "entirely retaliatory"
Trump lawyer on Comey: 'We will leave it the appropriate authorities to determine whether this leaks should be investigated"
WH spokesperson Sarah Sanders: "the president is not a liar, and I think it’s frankly insulting that question would be asked"
WH not sure Pres Trump has seen much of the hearing, says he has been in meeting with Sec. Tillerson, Sec, Mattis and HR McMaster
Sanders says President Trump in speech will talk about issues Americans are really talking about around the dinner table
The White House spokesperson doing today's gaggle (off camera) is Sara Huckabee Sanders
President's Trump's outside counsel Marc Kasowitz will make a statement on camera after the hearing this afternoon  (fixed word)
More than 24 hours after it was first asked, White House still can't answer if the president has confidence in his Attorney General
In dinner speech, VP Pence said "we will drive the cancer of terrorism from the face of the earth and we will do it together”.
Vice President Pence tonight said now is the time for NATO to “stand united and stand strong” in the wake of the terror attacks.
Pence's remarks to the Atlantic Council dinner after questions over Pres.Trump not mentioning Article 5 in his NATO speech last month
VP Pence in speech tonight assured NATO allies tonight of the US commitment to “an attack on  one of us is an attack on all of us".
WH: President Trump will not try to block fired FBI Dir.James Comey testifying before Congress, deciding not to invoke executive privilege
The president called it  “a horrific terrorist attack” and said he expressed “our unwavering support” in a call with Prime Minister May.
(2/2) President Trump"  "...from a vile enemy that has waged war on innocent life. And it has gone on too long".
(1/2):  President Trump said"  "We renew our resolve, stronger than ever before, to protect the United States and its allies..." (more)
The remarks came as the president spoke briefly at end of an event tonight at Ford's Theater in Washington
Pres.Trump tonight:"This bloodshed will end.As president I will do what is necessary is to prevent this threat from spreading to our shores"
Police say six people were killed in the London attacks. Police then killed 3 suspects,
The White House says President Trump spoke tonight with Prime Minister May
London Ambulance Service says they took 20 people to hospitals, treated others on the scene for less serious injuries
Police in London say the incidents at London Bridge and Borough Market have been declared terror incidents
Police in London say a third incident at Vauxhill is not connected to London Bridge and Borough Market
British Prime Minister May says the "terrible" incident in London is being treated as "potential act of terrorism"
Police in London confirm shots have been fired when they respsonded to the stabbings at Borough Market. They're also responding to 3rd scene
WH press secretary Sean Spicer says President Trump has been briefed by his national security team on the incident in London Bridge
A witness says at least two people were stabbed in a market a short distance from London Bridge by two suspects
The witness said it appeared to him the van was aiming at the pedestrians who were struck
The witness said the van was going at a high rate of speed and swerved to other side of Bridge. He said Bridge was crowded but not packed
Witness on Bridge tells CNN van struck several people on London Bridge, saw at least 5-6 people on ground
Police in London on scene of an incident tonight on London Bridge
State Dept. issues statement on the "tragedy" in Manila...does not call it terrorist attack
President Trump didn't answer shouted questions on Paris and Comey testimony during bill signing ceremony
WH press sec. Sean Spicer said “absolutely” when asked if Pres.Trump still has confidence in senior adviser and son-in-law Jared Kushner.
Spicer says "I have not had the opportunity to have that discussion" when asked again if president believes climate change is a hoax
The White House, days after the question was first asked, still is not answering if the president believes climate change is a hoax
Sad reality that I can't spell many of the words from the National Spelling Bee even when I'm looking at them.
WH says Pres. Trump told leaders "America remains committed to the Transatlantic alliance and to robust efforts to protect the environment"
French Pres. Macron in TV address seems to poke Trump, saying “we all share the same responsibility to make our planet great again”.
From our Intl.Desk: Macron's office says he told President Trump the countries would continue to work together but not on climate change
WH: Pres.Trump spoke with France's Macron, Britain's May, Germany's Merkel and Canada's Trudeau about Paris decision (from @ElizLanders)
RT @CNNPR: On June 1, 1980 CNN broke the mold and became the 1st 24-hour news network. Happy 37th birthday, @CNN! https://t.co/tA2ogZgB7K
The death toll in Kabul has risen to at least 80, with more than 300 people hurt
Latest from our team in Kabul: the huge explosion near foreign embassies killed at least 9 people and left more than 100 people injured
Our international desk reports 67 people were injured in the Kabul explosion and have been taken to hospitals. Awaiting more details
The car bomb attack in Kabul appears very serious this morning. Reuters us reporting it was outside German Embassy, others nearby
RT @CillizzaCNN: "I am not going to get into what the president did or didn't discuss." -- Spicer on the Kushner backchannel
President Trump met with EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt, discussing the president's upcoming decision on whether to pull out of Paris accord
The president has stopped to talk to families in the section, is now at the grave site of Sec. John Kelly's son
Pres. Trump is visiting Section 60 at Arlington National Cemetery, the area where service members lost in Iraq and Afghanistan are buried
White House says President Trump has been briefed on a projectile launched by North Korea late today
The president is also expected to meet with his legal team and other advisers today, @jeffzeleny is told
President Trump will meet with senior advisers at the White House today, @jeffzeleny reports. Senior admin official says it's a "work day"
RT @khinman: #cnnsotu https://t.co/D1a2jJ7DOz
@lindsayczarniak no one listed chocolate? Guess I'm not cut out  to be an Indy car driver.
President and Mrs. Trump have landed at Joint Base Andrews, bringing an end to their first international trip.
RT @jeffzeleny: For most American presidents, this is the moment for presidential news conference. Aides decided against it, hunkering down…
President Trump's announced rally Thursday in Cedar Rapids has been postponed because an "unforeseen change in the president's schedule"
One administration official tells @jeffzeleny there would be no White House comment on tonight on the Washington Post/ Kushner report.
24 hours after he was charged with assaulting reporter, CNN projects Greg Gianforte wins special Congressional election in Montana
@SopanDeb i think you're right but i think it's by design. they're going somewhere with it deliberately (Not to compare veep to a drama, but ...)
What happens at my desk when a late election night coincides with an overseas presidential trip https://t.co/9FD3theav3
Two of Montana's biggest papers have rescinded their endorsement of GOP candidate Greg Gianforte after he's charged with assaulting reporter
Nice to be back at the Headquarters for a few days - with our amazing Special Events team for the POTUS trip https://t.co/Nadwf98Ajp
RT @mkraju: Senate Intel issues two new subpoenas to Flynn - targeting his businesses
A rare sight on a president's international trips. Both 747's used as Air Force One on same tarmac. (One is support) https://t.co/9BCsw22k5o
Air Force One has arrived at da Vinci International Airport in Rome
DNI Coats says he has made clear in general "any political shaping of that presentation or intelligence would not be appropriate"