@pkcapitol @hillhulse love you guys. Let's get the caucus back together!   Motion to proceed?
Love the way @JBNotes describes the situation in Greece. Applies to so much in life, huh? https://t.co/zYmDoLZoNb
Congrats to @LesterHoltNBC &amp; @NBCNightlyNews for their #1 ratings win during Lester's first official week as permanent anchor.
Congrats to Jim Miklaszewski. Inducted tonight into DC Society of Professional Journalists Hall of Fame. http://t.co/n0Thu7LusS
More future NBC stars from #RTCA2015 http://t.co/km2ZRGza7D
Me with the future stars of NBC News at #RTCA2015. The DA's, PA's, and researchers. http://t.co/NfP0JcJu6d
@ShebyBee that's great news.  Congrats and thanks for the tweet.
@mimi_x4 I had a blast!  Thank you for your tweet.
Thank you @MTSU for invite to speak at graduation, but b4 we start, "let me take a selfie." #OrdinaryExtraordinary http://t.co/M2Dy8eB3e8
@LoriLoribkehoe hey Lori Huff.  I'm doing very well. Really good to hear from you. You're good? Life good?
@Renee0916 yes, all is well and will absolutely try to make it!! Please keep me posted.
(Shameless Peacock Plug) On Tonight Show last night, Brian Williams/Lester Holt doing Rappers Delight. Must see TV!  http://t.co/pfgjxB9DfC
And yes, it's been too long since I've tweeted, almost 3 years.  I'll try to fix that. (smile)  And yes, I finally changed my profile.
And thanks to veteran Gridiron members and fellow Peacocks @chucktodd and @mitchellreports for their support.
Thanks @SusanPage for announcing my election into Gridiron Club on Friday... I'm honored and privileged to join such a distinguished group.
RT @BeschlossDC: This is said to be earliest photo of #Texas that can be dated--the #Alamo, conquered by Mexicans this day in 1836: http ...
Senate votes on competing  spending bills (CRs) at about 3pm tomorrow, Wednesday.  60 votes needed for passage. Debate starts at noon.
Sen. John Ensign holds newser today in NV "about his political future," his office says.  Retiring? "No further details ," office says.
"SENATE DEMOCRATIC WOMEN TO SPEAK ON FLOOR" about CR @ 2 press release says: Mikulski, Boxer, Murray, etc & Frank Lautenberg.  How curious.
Congress could be close to a short-term fix to avert govt shutdown.  Reid's spox says he's "encouraged": http://on.msnbc.com/f7CNqk
Will the Senate vote to repeal health care? Reid says no. McConnell says yes. Here's how McConnell could do it:  http://on.msnbc.com/hEopke
Sen. Bernie Sanders says it's "pretty pathetic" that Obama mini-statues at Smithsonian history museum are "made in China." Sends off letter.
Ldr McConnell says Daley pick as COS is "hopeful" joking that "there's nobody down at the White House who'd ever even run a lemonade stand."
Sen. Alexander on START Treaty support: " ..it leaves our country with enough nuclear warheads to blow any attacker to kingdom come..."
Senate Republican Thad Cochran announces his support for new START Treaty in stmt.  That brings the total to 11 Republican STARTers.
Republican Senator Lamar Alexander to announce his support for new START treaty at 930a on Senate floor.
Senate dodged a bullet ystday: no reading aloud of the START treaty.  But it may not be so lucky today @ 6p w/McCain's & the spending bill.
more Sen. Sanders after talkathon: "It's not just standing there forever. It's trying to make the points you want to make, and I made them."
Sen. Bernie Sanders first words to reporters after his 8.5 hour talkathon: "I'm tired"
Senator Bernie Sanders has finished... "with that I yield the floor."  about 8 1/2 hours
Bernie Sanders says... "let me conclude"
In newser, Lieberman says he'll offer DADT as a free standing bill, calling for vote this year. Lieberman says he has Reid's support.
Looks like Def Auth with DADT repeal may fail to get the 60: Dems lost Manchin, but got Collins.  Murkow, SBrown, Snowe are "NO" so far
more Collins to Reid: "I'm perplexed and frustrated. We should be able to do better." Collins support the repeal on DADT
Collins to Reid: "I just to not understand why we can't proceed on a path.. that will allow us to get the 60 votes to proceed."
Reid and Collins having a little "friendly" back and forth on the floor prior to vote on bill containing Don't Ask Don't Tell.
Reid says he'll move to DADT vote in "a few moments."
Reid on the floor now talking about Don't Ask Don't Tell.
Sen. Kyl talks to NBC News following GOP morning meeting on tax cut deal & still sees no path on START treaty:  http://on.msnbc.com/i7G8wk
Kyl today: believes there's "no way" to get to START b4 Xmas: takes too much time to do tax cuts, CR, and Reid's political "agenda" bills.
Senate Republicans met this AM on tax cut deal. Kyl told me after the mtg, "there was general positive reaction to the agreement."
in stmt, Sen. Baucus says he will vote no on debt commission plan. "recommendations are wrong for our state, they are wrong for our country"
republican senators and debt commiss members coburn and crapo to vote yes on debt commission plan, according to sources.
Republican Senators and Debt Commission members Tom Coburn and Mike Crapo will announce their position on the plan at 11am newser.
7 Senate Democrats voted in a losing effort ban earmarks today: McCaskill, Udall (CO), Bayh, Bennet, Warner, Feingold, and Nelson (FL)
SecDef Gates told Sen McCain it was never his plan to have the troops decide whether DADT should be repealed: http://on.msnbc.com/hC8kDQ
In a brief comments exclusively to NBC News, Sen. Jon Kyl says, "I think there is no chance" the START treaty can be finished in lame  duck.
AP reports Lisa Murkowski makes history and wins Alaska Senate race as a write in candidate.
Sen Jon Kyl says he doesn't see how Senate can take up START Treaty this year. Too much unresolved with START and other Senate business.
@jlynnd1977 hang in there.
More on next week's new senators swearing in/arrivals here:   http://bit.ly/dm6zKg
Two Senate newbies sworn in Mon due to special elections: Coons (DE) and Manchin (WV). But Kirk (IL) follows 2 weeks later due to IL rules.
More from Manley: Dems believe we must permanently extend tax cuts for mid-class.. and we will... GOP's given no cooperation..
It's official.  Tax cuts vote AFTER elections.  Reid's spox Manley says,"come back in Nov and stay in session as long it takes ..."
RT @meredithshiner: Sen. Landrieu to block the nomination of OMB director Jack Lew until Obama administration lifts drilling moratorium.
Harkin also says Senate will adjourn next week: "We've only got 3 more days you know. Next Tues, Wed, Thurs [then] we're outta here."
Senate will not vote on Bush tax cuts before election, says Sen Tom Harkin:  "There will not be a vote on taxes before we leave here."
Sen. Burr says GOP cone allowed Murkowski to remain ranking on energy cmt.
For everyone who's taken the time to read the series and said nice things about it, thank you. Hope you learned as much as it did writing it
In the final part of the "Exit Interviews" series today, how personal relationships across the aisle move the Senate  http://bit.ly/cd3b3o
Today's "Exit Interviews" story:  an ancient dilemma, debating aging senators.   http://bit.ly/9uKEHl   One senator comes clean about aging.
Highlights from today's story... Voinovich saying, "you tweak it a little bit - boom - it gets done.”  And Dorgan's "bleacher section."
Today's  msnbc.com story from "The Exit Interviews": an outsiders guide to the Senate's inner workings: http://bit.ly/bYzesf
tomorrow: how the senate really works; Wed: the dicey question of aging senators; & thur: how relationship across the aisle matter.
"The Exit Interviews" series w/9 departing senators launches today on msnbc.com . Today's topic (1of 4): partisanship. http://bit.ly/KqpL0
Senate is in for short session tomorrow at 10am for a technical fix and resolution on former Sen. Ted Steven death.
Senate is coming back this week, kinda.  Let's just say someone grabbed baking soda instead of baking powder:  http://bit.ly/abPaSn
In newer Reid says he'll postpone energy votes until after recess.
Democratic Senator Ben Nelson will vote NO on SCOTUS nominee Kagan, he said in stmt.
Republican Senator Gregg says in statement he'll vote for SCOTUS nominee Kagan.
Olympia Snowe says in written statement she'll vote for SCOTUS nominee Kagan.
SML Reid to release the text of his energy bill tomorrow, according to his office.
"come and explain how this 30 hours will help the American people," Reid just said on the floor to Repubs.
Senate will not pass UI tonight.  Reid broke the filibuster, but  he says GOP is making them burn the 30 hours required following that vote.
More on Lugar's comments here on First Read: http://bit.ly/97fmRY
Lugar: "It is up to the Pres to define success, and delineate how much time and how many resources should be devoted to achieving it."
(Lugar) In a hearing with Amb Holbrook, he'll question the timetable and call for a definition of success.
Sen Dick Lugar, known for addressing his concerns behind the scenes, will go pubic with some strong statements on the Afghan War later today
Reid says he'll "finish" FinReg this week in written stmt; "commends" Scott Brown, Collins, & Snowe for their support.
more on Snowe.. using Democratic math, that should get Reid to 60, without Byrd's replacement.
In written stmt, Snowe says she'll support FinReg: "I intend to support passage of the legislation when its brought before the Senate.."
Sen. Snowe says "no, not yet" on FinReg decision. "But I will be shortly... probably not today."
More Graham: thinks  Cmt vote will probably get pushed back a week, sted of Tues, (as is the right of any member to seek a 1-week delay.)
Sen Lindsey Graham says he's "not completely" made up his mind on whether to vote for Kagan, but added, "she did a very good job I thought."
Sen Scott Brown says today he'll support FinReg when it comes to the floor. Saying it isn't perfect, "but I expect to support the bill."
Today Judiciary Cmt released SCOTUS nom Elena Kagan's written responses to questions asked post-hearing: http://bit.ly/blzcdY
Senate Dem Max Baucus says he's "troubled" by Obama's recess appt of Dr. Berwick to CMS Admin. Says confirmation is "an essential process."
Murkowski: Kagan wasn't familiar with the history of the 2nd Amdt,  and "I would expect more from a scholar of Amer constitutional law. "
Sen. Lisa Murkowski says in written stmt she'll vote against Kagan confirmation.
Fill Byrd's seat; have Collins/Snowe leaning toward "yes" and S.Brown a 'maybe,' shud be enuff to break a filibuster after recess, right?
In stmt, Sen. Cantwell says she'll likes FinReg fixes, will support bill.
Moments ago Sen. Collins says after her initial look at FinReg fixes, she's "inclined" to support the bill.
In a letter to Dodd and Frank Sen. Scott Brown says he'll vote against FinReg because of the $19-B "bank tax."
You'll see a lot of old video of Byrd today,  but the one where he calls himself "Big Daddy" may be the best:  http://tinyurl.com/dc2hbn
Byrd's death will put a new name in POTUS succession order. Senator Inouye is next in seniority to be president pro temp ore.
the Bipartisan group wants Clinton, Holbrooke, and Eikenberry to testify and "provide very specific responses to these inquiries."
The want admin to "clearly define its view of 'success'... to date all responses to this question have been vague and lacked clarity."
Senators that signed the letter: Corker, Webb, Risch, Isakson, Wicker, Feingold, and DeMint.
A bipartisan group of Foreign Relations Cmt senators wants a hearing of Afghanistan next week, before the july 4th recess.
Gen. Petraeus confirmation hearing is scheduled for Tuesday , June 29 at 9:30a before the Senate Armed Services Committee
The White House postpones energy/climate change mtg with bipartisan group of senators that was planned for tomorrow (Wed).
This morning, the Senate confirmed 60+ various WH nominations. Who says the Congress isn't creating good American jobs?
but there are no policy issues differences that are at least apparent in that article."
that is important because if there were policy differences then it seems to me there would be no alternative but for him to leave...
as much as there are personality issues which could interfere with the policy...
more Levin: "...It's interesting there doesn't seem to be a disagreement on policy issues between McChrystal and the civilian leadership...
Levin on McChrystal: says he's "troubled" but doesn't call for him to be fired. Says that's up to gates and obama.
SCOTUS nominee Kangan's confirmation hearings start one week from today, the 28th, at 12:30p/ET, Judiciary Cmt said today.
@SavannahGuthrie and I on how passing an energy/climate bill will be like passing health care,  except harder:  http://bit.ly/aka9iL
A few minutes ago Senate just passed a six-month "doc-fix" by unanimous consent. Goes to the House when they should pass it early next week.
reid didn't get the 60 votes needed to advance the slimmed down tax extenders bill. vote was 56-40.
right now senate is having a cloture vote on the slimmed-down extenders bill.  needs 60 votes. aides on both side say votes aren't there.
the CEOs are from GE, Honeywell, Dow Corning, Vantage Point Partners, & Applied Material, according to Kerry's aide.
Heyward not the only CEO on the hill today. Sen Kerry hosting luncheon right now to talk energy with 5 CEO's that advocate comp energy bills
Senate Dems holding closed door mtg on energy/climate bill(s) about 1pm. Reid newser expected to follow: http://tinyurl.com/235ngcn
Sen Scott Brown tells POTUS he can't support 'cap and trade', but welcomes the chance to play hoops: http://tinyurl.com/2bohndq