Ding Dong the Witch is Dead or Old Witch Old Witch she lives in a ditch, combs her hair with a hickory switch
Nancy might dislike Trump but the world dislikes her.  She should take to the skies with her band of evil flying monkeys and go home
Nancy Pelosi wins the audition for the wicked witch of the west who has a munchkin house fall on her
I cannot understand why Americans Americans would believe so dumb Blake Blumenthal,Schumer, Feinstein and others in the Senate we have never had real jobs and I have a sensually left off their own lives forever – oh and let’s not forget dirty dick Durbin.
Stephen King uses a George Orwell quote to destroy Trump and Putin https://t.co/FNe7fxCCO2 via @mashable Just another reason why Stephen King is just like the hollywood elite and why people should stay away from his books.
The person that should be in the . hospital is that goofy Congresswoman from California, Maxine whatever her name is .  She should check into the psych ward in a local hospital for emergency treatment
When I said Stenny and other long term Congressional parasites spent their entire "working lives" . . .I misspoke - they've never worked, they just drool and suck the life blood out of the country
Diane Feinstein reached her level of incompetence years ago and now should get senior assistance and treatment for the early signs of Alzheimer's .  Come on, Diane, we don't need you any longer and neither does already insane California
Crying Chuck, Crumbs Pelosi, Dirty Durbin, Mucky Mitch and others of that ilk need to retire and, if they want to actually work, get real jobs and quit loitering on our dime
Sorry Stenny Hoyer is in the hospital.  Like many Dems, he's really too old - most of them have never had real jobs, they've been on the public dole their entire working lives
All Crying Chuck Schumer cares about is "winning."  What a buffoon
Why all this concern about the Eagles?  Just a bunch of overpaid spoiled brats.  I don’t care if another football game ever airs
@TuckerCarlson I’ve been a lawyer for over 45 years and I wonder if lawyers don’t add to the situation that exists.. I guess when this does’t work, we run for office?
@TuckerCarlson It seems everyone is a former prosecutor and my thought is if they are “former” they must have been ineffective
@TuckerCarlson Does this Congressman have any sort of mental competence?  This is idiocy!  This is why California needs to float out to sea!
Let’s ask Hillary to get a job cutting grass or something.  She’s such a loser!
@tuckercarlson. Tucker, my god, where does this Swalwell get this?  Where is Joe McCarthy?  This is insanity.  Where would POTUS get time to do this/
Enter to win 20+ thriller &amp; crime fiction audiobooks from your favorite award-winning and bestselling authors, plus a brand new Kindle Fire or Nook Tablet! https://t.co/n3TsAXQaNg
@realDonaldTrump President Trump, follow Netanyahu about the Iran “deal.”  They are just guttersnipes out to get the U.S..
@realDonaldTrump President Trump, stay the course and stay away from gestapos like Mueller and others  of that ilk!
@realDonaldTrump President Trump, I’m just a supporter but please STAY AWAY FROM MUELLER - no good can come of these invasions!
In order to “drain the swamp” we have to have term limits - get rid of “lifer” politicians like Schumer, McCarthy, McConnell, Pelosi and others of that ilk.  We don’t need all these life-long swamp creatures
I think Paul Ryan did Republicans a disservice by endorsing Kevin McCarthy for Speaker.  McCarthy is just another deadbeat career politician.  We need term limits NOW
Justice John Paul Stevens has fallen prey to advanced age.  While I think his mind is clear, his views of the 2nd Amendment are not exactly on point.  He’s in the guessing game that progressives are often part of and his rationale is not really with it today.
Picking John Bolton for National Security Advisor says America will remain STRONG
Claire McCaskill is for Claire McCaskill, not for Missouri - Get rid of her!
McCaskill is BAD for Missouri, don’t listen to her pandering!  She voted with the “Master Legislator” Pelosi who is also the Master Loser Politician
Missourians, don’t forget DON’T VOTE FOR MCCASKILL!  She doesn’t care about Missouri voters, she just wants to remain on the grraveytrain.  Free hots and a cot and no. heavy lifting
@thebradfordfile @Lrihendry @OANN @newsmax @NewsmaxTV @FoxNews @SiriusXMPatriot @SIRIUSXM @realDonaldTrump @BillOReilly @seanhannity @ericbolling Eric, wondered where you went - so sorry about your son, I can’t even imagine the personal devastation
@_VachelLindsay_ @enoughalready16 Wasn’t Rachel Lindsay from Springfield, IL and didn’t he kill himself by drinking a bottle of Drano?
@TomSteyer @LeslieMarshall You just wave money around and all the weirdos come out of the woodwork - like all the Hollywood freaks
@TomSteyer @LeslieMarshall Trump has done nothing illegal but mindless twits like you should think about what YOU are doing to the country.
@1FlagUSA @FoxNewsMom Barack Obarfo was leading us into Peaceful Slavery.  Now he lives like a king while his good friend Hillary is Queen of the United States (along with Garfield Goose, the former king)
There are thousands of left-wing freaks that could run for President of California - just check out the rolls of the Screen Actors Guild
Can you imagine a President Holder?  Well, maybe he can be President of California when it leaves the Union and becomes its own country.  Jerry Brown can be President Emeritus
I'm not sure why everyone falls all over Mueller - he's not that great, nor were any other directors of the FBI.  It all began with that pervert Hoover and it's amazing it survived his weird behavior
Whatever service McCabe provided was marred by his lies and hatred.
Remember term limits kept us for four more of Barack, four more of Clinton, Bush 2; FDR was an interesting man but not for 13 years (could have been 16 if he lived).
Term limits could mean no more Chuckie, no more Nancy, No more Mitch, no more Schiff (oh, he's draining himself), no more McCaskill, no more Durbin, no more Blunt, no more Lacy Clay.  We could bid goodby to Feinstein and so many more.
I think the best way to drain the Swamp is to amend the Constitution and provide for term limits for members of both houses of Congress.  Look at all the drfitwood we would get rid of!
Maybe Hillary should just go on a cruise and be lost at sea!  No one would miss her, certainly not husband Billy.
I think it would be a great idea if Hillary stayed in India. She could become a Hindu and maybe take over that religion or maybe she could just die and come back as a cow or something.
I don't know why Fox New continues to air Geraldo waving his hands about and ranting on one thing or another.  I guess he's a nice guy but why don't they just retire him and he can spend all his time in Cleveland.  We just don't need to listen to his nothings every Friday morning
So, McCabe was fired - I guess that's entirely right since he lied and tried to ruin other peoples' lives.  But there were also some good years for him at the FBI - I don't know if that's the case or not but when you try and ruin someone else you will probably get ruined too.
Why should the entire nation be subjected to the crap known as "March Madness?"  First there was the Olympics for two weeks and now this mindless crap.  Thank goodness for Netflix and other streaming devices that allow us freedom from crap and commercials
So what's this about?  I have no idea what you are talking about
@RealJamesWoods Joy "The Beast" Behar - why does anyone listen to this buffoon?
Even if HIllary disappears, the Crooked Clintons are grooming Chelsea and soon we will have a Crooked Chelsea Clinton.  Will we ever rid ourselves of these parasites?
In Missouri we need to rid ourselves of McCaskill - she was a suckup to Obarfo and now she's sucking up to Crying Chuck
I just heard Hillary "TheLiar" Clinton blabbing about Trump, etc.  God Help the United States if that evil woman makes her way back into some public office
I heard this jerky senator from CT yelling about Trump’s suggestion for arming teachers - this guy - the senator is a known liar why would anyone listen to him?
RT @Liz_Wheeler: I have a great idea. Why don't we take the $500,000,000 we give Planned Parenthood every year &amp; use it to hire armed secur…
RT @The_Trump_Train: The accuracy is troubling... https://t.co/fqxevlhn5a
I never thought Flynn lied; unfortunately I hadn't realized that Comey speaks with forked-tongue https://t.co/z1vO2unjhB
RT @Chicago1Ray: "Let me make a short , opening, blanket comment. There are no good guns. There are no bad guns. Any gun in the hands of a…
Amazingly similar! https://t.co/jo5uvK1JiQ
Certainly you are not suggesting Obarfo had even a tiny bit of common sense? https://t.co/ID96XTJ5zU
RT @Megan4MAGA: Seems these days FBI can track a stolen Tom Brady jersey all the way down in Mexico but cant do their job on more important…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Funny how the Fake News Media doesn’t want to say that the Russian group was formed in 2014, long before my run for Pr…
@Trump45Michael @cyote6 California is no place to look for accountability
@JrcheneyJohn @bsalvato @IngrahamAngle @TresDeplorable @AMErikaNGIRLBOT @skb_sara @SaysMissy @SickOfTheSwamp It's never going to happen - they all probably belong to the same country club
@SiddonsDan @bsalvato @RealDrGina We should be so lucky to see her indicted, tried, convicted and sent off to Florence, CO to serve her sentence in a small concrete cell underground
It's great news that this peabrain will be leaving Congress.  But then, he can float out to sea with the rest of the kooks when CA breaks away and floats out to sea https://t.co/8QKSsFoktj
@MsAvaArmstrong America's finest liars
@stevewightman1 Senator Feinstein
@baileyjer Some would say Mitt is just another Carpetbagger.  He certainly won't help Trump's agenda
It's hard for a dem to think when its head is always up its ass https://t.co/K7Sld2Gwb6
Well, those people don't do much thinking anyway https://t.co/SVwSTOL4jk
Stephen Colbert is a bigger jackass than I thought.  Look at the goofy-ass guests he always has on:  Hillary Clinton, assorted Hollywood trash, and other far-left liberal freaks who enjoy having their asses kissed by him
@lschi1 Yes, Claire is the Great Missouri Kiss-Ass looking for that permanent position in the U.S. Senate.
In Missouri we need to rid ourselves of McCaskill - one of the biggest ass-kissers in the State.  Of course, Blunt will need to go shortly, he's been in Congress too long
Another crazy ass democrat senator who committed perjury but was never called on it - you know, the goofy guy from Connecticut who was a Vietnam hero now holds himself out as a paragon of virtue
Who is that goofy-ass Congresswoman that wears the cowboy hats?  Maybe, if we still had Super Circus Sunday afternoons, she could be a guest
It might be a good time for California to break off and simply float out to sea with all of its crazies:  Brown, Feinstein, Polosi, Schiff and many more
I don't know how any honest American could ever hope that Barack Obama could be president again.  Thank God for the 22nd Amendment
@BarackObama Worst American president ever, even worse than Jimmy Carter - but wait, Jimmy didn't hate America like this one
@RealJamesWoods Another of America's jackasses!  He should just join Lauer, Williams and some of the other lying assholes in the MSM
@NYACC1978 @Pudingtane @marylene58 So, NBC, CBS, CNN or ABC are better options?
RT @Nancy007F: FBI DROPPED THE BALL LOCAL POLICE DROPPED THE BALL SCHOOL DROPPED THE BALL OUR COMMUNITIES DID NOT HELP THIS CHILD WITH MENT…
@gbroh10 @PMgeezer too bad he doesn't go back to January 20, 2009
@CitizensMandate @txjean2014 @realDonaldTrump Rod needs to retire - we don't need guttersnipes like him in positions of power
RT @Isa4031AMP: Earlier today, @FLOTUS Melania Trump tweeted a message celebrating #RandomActsOfKindnessDay and its capacity to teach child…
RT @veteranhank: To the men and women of our armed forces. Thank you for your service to this great country🤛🏻🤛🏻🇺🇸🇺🇸🤛🏻🤛🏻👍🏻👍🏻🇺🇸🇺🇸👍🏼👍🏼 https:/…
@stevewightman1 Well, out there in lala land maybe you need some protection.  You and others of your ilk have been acting like fools for years.  Get off your soapbox and retire, you're getting old anyway.
@Snitfit @Doc_JJK Well, he had the perfect opportunity here - he was standing right next to one in this photo
@bbusa617 @bsalvato @AMErikaNGIRLBOT @APTT45Babe @GeorgiaDirtRoad @Golfinggary5221 @GrizzleMeister @RubyRockstar333 @SparkleSoup45 @bgood12345 @SonofLiberty357 These two jackasses are responsible for many of the problems facing Americans today.  Thank God Hillary was whipped soundly; Obarfo never should have had a second term ( or a first, for that matter)
@RealJamesWoods Most people calling for amendment or repeal of some part or all of the Bill of Rights have no idea what that part of the Constitution is all about
RT @RealJamesWoods: There is not one chance in a million any part of the Bill of Rights will ever be amended or overturned. So why are we h…
Thank God only one week of the olympics left.
Oh, I almost forgot a couple of other jackasses:  Joe and the idiot woman that is with him on "Morning Joe."  Actually, the show should be "Get Sick in the Morning with Joe and the Idiot Woman that Appears With Him."
Another Jackass:  Joy Behar
It just occurred to me that Elizabeth Warren (a/k/a Pocahantes) is a complete and total jackass
@RepAlGreen well, you are a true jackass, Al
Of course there are other idiots and jackasses in the House other than Green, take Maxine waters, for instance or Dale Evans or whatever her name is that wears the cowboy hats
The good news in the last week or so was that NBC got rid of that mental twit Matt Lauer.  For years I've thought he was a mental light weight and he has proven my assessment true
Congressman Al Green certainly is a jackass, but that's true of many Dems and some Republicans as well
Illinois is totally corrupt - pick any politician there and he or she should be gone:  name your favorite.
It would be a good idea for McConnell to return to Kentucky and raise horses or, maybe clean their stalls of s…t.  He should excel at that
No member of Congress is indispensable:  Schumer, McConnell, Feinstein, Murray,	McCaskill, Clay, Warren, McCain, Durbin, and so many more
These people are a burden to all of us
Are any of these Hollywood freaks illegals?
Term limits!  Why perpetuate incompetence?  Every state has a load of parasites..  Get rid of them!
@jstines3 Mitch has outlived his usefulness as have many of his “colleagues.”  It’s all KISS ASS and that’s all that matters
In my state there are at least 10 buffoons.  We need to rid ourselves of folks like Clay, McCaskill and others of that ilk:  LOSERS
I am so sick of these Congressional twits dictating  - they have all their own bennies so why should they decide ours?
Let’s get rid of these Congressional “retirement plans.”  They are retired the moment they are elected!
Congress needs to  be subject to Obarfocare - they are chickenshit - they don’t have to worry about medical
Every member of Congress is on the take.  Otherwise why aren’t they subject to the same retirement as you and me/ or medical?
We need term limits!  Not one of these twits is worth anything.  Wo of them cares about you?
If you don’t like the President, try Chuck or Nancy or Mitch - all losers, all people who haven’t worked in years, oh, an Dick Durbin too
I’m finished - let these Hollywood freaks like Steve Copuke earn their living in another country.  Bye Steve, by Seth, bye Jimmy
It’s time for Americans to TRASH these Hollywood freaks.  We pay to see their shitty movies, why should we respect them?
Hillary’s “book” should be titled “A Thousand Ways to Screw Your Country.”  You are an ass, Hillary
Hillary is simply the American “Liar Laureate."
I suppose Mitch and Paul should probably resign, they are just typical ass-kissing politicians.  	I am sick of these career swamp crawlers
Some of these Hollywood Freaks should visit North Korea and introduce themselves to other radical haters
These Clowns in Freakwood are paid enormous amounts for their intestinal deposits, if you like shit, then listen to them
Hollywood freaks- time to leave and maybe “ply” your craft in the Middle East where other freaks might agree with you
I am so disgusted with these Anti-American pukes that I can’t stand it.  If you don’t like it, go to Iran or a country that might like you
Steve Colbert is a jackass of the first class; add all the other creepy “artists’ that you want
Follywood buffoons are persons, for the most part, of modest intellectual attainment.  Don’t listen to their buffoonery
I never watch award shows like EMMYs or , gasp, Oscars.  These folks are buffoons.  Pure and simple, buffoons
If 2 terms are enough for a president then two terms should be enough for a senator and, at most, 4 terms for a House Member
I know our senior senator from MO is eying her third term but we need to nip that bud before it blooms, we just don’t need her
Patrick Leyhe, Durbin, Schumer, Feinstein, Hatch, McConnell, and several more NEED TO GET JOBS AND LEAVE!
There are about 19 senators with 3 terms or more about evenly divided between Repubs and Dems.  They all need to GO - no one is that needed
I think the Obarfos still have room in that big DC mansion for Kathy Griffin - she would fit right in with that crowd
Why has Valerie Jarret moved in with Obamas - very weird
Every day that he’s been out of office, Obarfo has given more proof that he’s a hypocrite
RT @mikandynothem: Thank you Barack Obama for your only accomplishment but a great one! Building the strongest Republican Party EVER. #MAGA…
One of the “ads” on fox is some fat ass attorney names Morgan - trolling the air for suckers to hire him
The best way to watch shows on Fox News Channel is to record them and watch later - each hour contains at least 20 minutes of commercials
If Pelosi resigned she could probably find work at MSNBC though she’s so rich she doesn’t need to work (hell she doesn’t right now)
God help us, Dan Rather (Not) seems to be resurfacing - back to Texas, Dan and close the door
I’m not sure Mueller is totally “disinterested.”
@Chris_1791 @phillydotcom I don’t think Trump should do this - he would put himself up to comparison to Tricky Dick Nixon
Chuck and Nancy should understand that Trump was elected in large part because of parasites like themselves - on the public dole for years
Why do twits like Durbin, Pelosi, Schumer, Murray think they are so indispensable? They need to get real jobs and work for a living!
I think the only way we get our country back from bullshit politicians like Chuck and Nancy is TERM LIMITS!
Hillary should allow herself to be hypnotized and the hypnotist should, after doing the deed, leave the room and lock the door
If Nancy Pelosi broke both wrists she would be dumb - - -oh I forgot, she already is a different kind of dumb
Chuckie Schumer has about the same level of maturity as a fourth grader
Chuckie and Nancy both want Sessions to resign- I think a better solution that would solve more problems would be for them to resign
Chuckie Schumer is like a spoiled schoolboy - my wife has 5th graders with more maturity than Chuckie
Lots. I don't mind just curious
I get your texts frequently but I'm not sure I know who you are
Schumer never looks at his audience when he speaks, he just looks down and reads his Democratic drivel
Dems haven’t expressed any meaningful solutions to problems Americans face other than criticizing Trump
Schumer's work is simple: just disagree with everything Trump does not matter what it is
Who cares what these Hollywood assholes think - they are total hypocrites
Ever heard of Garfield Goose?  He thought he was King of the United States - well, Hillary would like to meet him and become Queen
I just saw a photo of Obarfo I a news clip and it made me sick all over again.  I hope he stays on that little island in the pacific
Some others that need to go:  McCaskill, Durbin, Schumer, Murray, McConnell, Leahy and many, many more
RT @GemMar333: .VIETNAM VETERANS DAY🇺🇸		They Fought They Died And Then Forgotten...	Honor Our Vietnam Veterans🇺🇸	#VietnamVeteransDay https:…
RT @BrentBozell: The @WashingtonPost functions as little more than the PR team for the abortion mill @PPact. https://t.co/MynccteMfH
I thought we were rid of the Clintons now Hillary is back, so she says.  She’s not better, just worse.
Hillary Clinton said “I’m back.”  I wish she would leave, she’s got nothing to offer Americans except more babble.
I like the Five on Fox but Eric Bolling talks too much and acts superior to everyone
I’m from Missouri and like several states we have one senator who panders to the power brokers and ignores her constituents
I’m tired of all this crazy talk about Trump being in love with Russia - it’s a crock of crap
If there is any chance the government could “shut down” Schumer will make sure it does
Supposedly, Chuck Schumer went to Harvard.  One would never know that once Schumer opens his mouth.  Think before you speak, Chuck
A day without orange juice is the opposite of a day without the Clintons (or Obamas - or both)
Clintons are like a big booger on your finger, very hard to get rid of!  Just keep shaking (and hoping)
Groups that we should consider deporting:  Actors and Academics; actors are dumb, academics, well, I don’t know about them.
I don’t think people realize that Chuck Schumer has never had a REAL job
I think Obarfo and Hillary the Liar should stay out of the pubic eye - they cannot possibly do this country any good
Schumer is the “New” Harry Reid though Harry never shed a tear until he fell on his exercise machine
@TimRunsHisMouth @Sahof1 Schumer is a weasel and a phony
In addition to Hillary we could send Lizzy Warren (the two of them could fight about 2020).  Gitmo could begin a whole new life!
Why don’t we give Hillary a vacation - she must still be tired from the campaign - how about Gitmo?
If Bill Clinton dies, maybe Hillary will marry Lizzy Warren - wouldn’t that be a sweet family!  Which one would gobble the other one up?
So Michelle is going to judge cooking - what the hell would she know about cooking anything?  What a larders
Now Mrs. Obama (who once hated her country) is going to be a judge on some cooking show - for what - looking at veggies tossed in garbage?
I thought we were rid of the Clintons and up pops the ugly bobblehead known as Hillary.  God save the United States from these idiots
Chuck Schumer should be examined by a neurologist for early on-set Alzheimers
Most of these morons who are boycotting anything to do with Trump don’t even know what they are boycotting - total idiots
I seriously wonder if Pelosi is operating with a full deck - I know she can move her hands but her “control center” seems to be broken
The other disappointment is Barack is in the news - come on, we don’t need to hear from him for anything.  He had 8 years, go away Barry!
Gasp, Hillary is back.  OMG, can’t we be rid of this lying woman?  We simply do not need her, Bill or Chelsea.  Go away forever
I see both Hillary and Barack have been in the news.  I am very disappointed, I thought we were done we these toglodytes forever
Barack tried transforming us into a quasi Islamic State - doesn’t work , Barry
Obama just needs to leave D.C. actually or not. He had 8 years to puke all over us. JUST LEAVE BHO!
I was always hopeful that anyone could beat Mr. Narcissist USA
This Washington Federal judge is legislating from his courtroom and that’s just what we don’t need
Libs have problems with Trump and Republicans because they want stuff for free and are afraid they won’t get enough free “stuff"
We all know Charlie Sheen is an asshole - he used to be funny but now he’s just crude
Sarah Silverman - another jackass/asshole
If Pelosi didn’t have hands could she speak?  It’s hard enough making sense of what she says anyway
Another jackass is Whoopi Goldberg - why isn’t she leaving the country?
The only way to watch any program on Fox is to record it first and watch later zipping thru commercials - 20 min of each hour = ads
The of course there is silly Schumer in the Senate with his silly cohorts Dirty Durbin and others
I never realized how many crazies we had in the United States.  People protest without really knowing what they are protesting
I fear the left-wing judges of the 9th Circuit will not look upon President. Trump favorably - they are pretty much over the top libs
Why do Hollywood types think their opinions should hold more weight than the rest of Americans - many are not operating with a full deck
Schumer is doing a very good job convincing the world he is a world class jackass just like Harry Reid was.
@Jogiejamette I guess you should do likewise - you must have been an Obama freak
RT @AmeriJeepRang2: @elarmstrong #TermLimits are another campaign promise- pray for it soon. #Tcot
So  happy to hear Trump fired that dingbat Acting AG - I wonder if he said “You’re Fired!"
I think people like Schumer and Durbin need to retire - what parasites - never have had real jobs
Trump needs to can this acting 	AG who says she will not defend the Trump Exec Order on Immigration.  She should be dumped NOW
America’s real idiots:  Madonna, Ashley Judd (really stupid) and the list goes on!
To a great extent, Hollywood types are persons of modest intellectual attainment.
Why should be listen to Hollywood freaks?  What do they know that we don’t?
Why not do a skit on Rachel Madew on SNL - she’s a left-wing freak
I stopped watching Tonight and SNL because they are so devoid of any type of intelligence on world affairs
Don’t listen to sports figures and Hollywood freaks - they don’t know what they are speaking of - especially the Hollywood types
Award shows such as the “academy awards” are only opportunities for these people to kiss asses in public.  Why watch?
Keep in mind that many of these Hollywood types are persons of modest intellectual attainment - they can act but not understand
We need to stop paying attention to Hollywood idiots - they are not connected to reality!  They live in Fantasyland.
Why would anyone listen to Lizzy Warren - she’s totally demented and has little knowledge of the law	Even though she supposedly taught it
Actors and actresses have zero connection with reality - they just rake in the bucks for little or no talent
Why would anyone listen to silly actors on any important issue?  They live in fantasy land
Why would anyone listen to the silly-ass members of the Screen Actors’ Guild?
@WhiteHouse WOW, I ca.n't believe how fast things are moving! This is great
I think it's funny that Hillary is being referred to as a "modern folk hero" I think she's a joke
We’ve gotten rid of the Clinton Virus and soon we will be rid of the Obama infection
The closer we get to January 20, the more I dislike Obarfo
I think Obarfo view himself a “senior statesman.”  It would take a ton of positives to bestow that title on this “president.”  Spare us O
Just read that Obarfo said that he will speak out against Trump if he thinks our “values” would be compromised what does O know about values
Enter to win 30+ thriller novels from award-winning and bestselling authors, plus a brand new Kindle Fire! https://t.co/70FhQmDTdp
People that dislike Hillary should absolutely vote for Trump - maybe he’s a boor but he’s not a liar like Hillary
If Hillary is elected, the only positive thing that would come out of it is more skits by Kate McKinnon on SNL
The thought of listening to Hillary Rotten Clinton droning day after day is, in itself, totally nauseating.  Tim Kaine isn’t much better
Other obnoxious ads:  All car commercials, commercials dealing with the digestive system, Dana Bash selling beet juice, Jos. A. Banks
If you watch Fox News Channel, 20 minutes of each hour is given up to the most boring, obnoxious commercials ever
The most obnoxious ads on TV:  Liberty Mutual, Nutrisytems (Liver LIps Osmond), Humana Med Ins, All State, Prevacid, Chantix
How long before the third member of the Clinton Crime Family “ascends to power?"
Why should we have Hillary rammed down our throats by the media?  She’s a disgusting liar
Slick Willie never “talked” about his conquests, he just acted and often violently and against the woman’s wishes.  He was elected 2X
OK, Trump said some disgusting things but these are words - why doesn’t the MSM question what Hillary says and what she does?
How can Obarfo possibly have a good approval rating?  He’s done nothing for 7 years - doesn’t know how
The way H. Rotten Clinton dresses, she’s ready to assume the helm in North Korea - Look out Kim Upchuck or whatever your name is
Example of FOX News “Up next we will show you how Obama survived after getting hit in the head by a golf ball&gt;&gt;&gt;then5 minutes of commercials
Have a digestive tack problem?  Listen to Hillary about two minutes and it will clear this up quickly
Have you noticed on FOX News, whoever is reporting they always say “I’ve only got 10 seconds left. . .”  This is BS  - read news later
On FOX News, a full 20 minutes of each hour is consumed by finance commercials (digestive tracks, etc)  Record and listen later skipping BS
The only way to watch FOX News Channel is:  Record then listen later skipping all the finance commercials
FOX News Channel | https://t.co/wYBLD2UUHR The only way to watch news on FOX is to record, then run rapidly through the inane commercials
@beatle_buff @Bella_DAndalora @ChuckNellis He is one of the faces of evil - there are several!
If Hillary Rotten Clinton loses the election she will have loads of time to spend all her millions and Bill can travel the world seeking
The clip I saw of H. Rotten Clinton and Obarfo slobbering over each other was enough to make a well person engage in projectile vomiting
When she begins her harangue her head will start bobbing and her finger wagging - full of sound and fury signifying nothing
I won’t be listening to Hillary Rotten Clinton tonight - or any night - she’s boring, dull, a liar and in this for herself
Thank God the Democratic Convention is over tonight - I’ve had to avoid the news this week to avoid hearing the dreadful speakers.
I cannot stand to listen to or look at Hillary Clinton’s smug visage as she gloats over her ‘supposed’ victory.  incompetent and dishonest
Right now there are two of the country’s largest liars on TV bobbing their heads and grinning.  Two pieces of crap adoring each other
The evidence of Hillary’s recklessness was there and at the very least she deserved to be publicly shamed even if there were no conviction
Just as I predicted, that slimy bitch is bobbing her head up and down and gloating.  What a sick witch.  Get the bucket of water ready
Watching the two scumbags (Obarfo and Slimeball Hillary) glad handing at NC Venue, what creeps
RT @RealJamesWoods: It is now clear that #HillaryClinton could set fire to a school bus full of children and get away with it. #shame https…
RT @cmdorsey: U.S. Lifts Ban on Immigrants With Links to Terrorism https://t.co/LqQHS0mVNg		Dont' forget @DHSgov #JehJohnson https://t.co/b…
Matt Schlapp said “If any other American had done what Hillary did they would be on their way to jail.”  No kidding, what a slime ball
It’s positively sickening to watch scummy, crooked Hillary say anything as she bobs her head up and down - talk about pukey
Obarfo and Slick Crooked Hillary are about to give speeches in NC - I’ll either have to mute the sound or, better yet, turn off the TV
Now we watch Hillary bob her head up and down in her self-righteous manner and tells us how wonderful she is - makes me sick
Rudy Giuliani just said that Hillary could never get a security clearance with the information disclosed by Comey today
Something is innately wrong with our justice system when slime like Bill and Hillary manage to slip through every crooked position
RT @aduanebrown: Folks, look at this man. They destroyed him for almost nothing, yet Hillary walks? 🤔🤔 https://t.co/2IriyZlcCP
RT @greeneyes0084: Hillary's escape from the hands of justice has one redeeming quality: It conveys the emotions that stirred a revolution…
RT @MattWalshBlog: The FBI director ACTUALLY SAID that others who've done the same thing may face consequences, but not Hillary. HE ACTUALL…
RT @JohnKStahlUSA: Let's C if I got it. HRC is not smart enough 2 handle emails, but is to handle nuclear codes. #tcot #ccot #gop #maga htt…
RT @DavidLimbaugh: BTW, Mr. Comey — “extremely careless” = gross negligence.
RT @WeNeedTrump: RETWEET IF YOU HATE EVERYTHING ABOUT CROOKED HILLARY CLINTON. https://t.co/lEFXjEHqnj
Slick Willie was disbarred for his lies under oath; without an actual conviction Crooked Hillary can’t be disbarred
Hillary may have slimed her way through this “investigation” but that doesn’t mean she is honest or trustworthy her record says NO
If Slick, Slimy Crooked Hillary is elected it will be like lying Barack Hussein was elected a third time
Today’s FBI decision reduces my faith in our system.  Slimy Crooked Hillary has no business running for president - she can’t be trusted
Whoever ends up as the Republican nominee must immediately begin an all-out attack on Hillary - try her in the court of public opinion
Obviously Lis Wiehl is “in the tank” for Hillary
Now we listen to endless spin on why Crooked Hillary shouldn’t face indictment.  If recklessness is enough to trigger violation indict
I don’t think it’s relevant that no case had previously been brought with facts similar to the Crooked Hillary case.
The sad part of the FBI’s recommendation is that we will be subjected to more of SlimyCrooked Hillary’s falsehoods
The Clintons are slimy and once again their slime has hurt Americans - she is not fit to be president and would be an embarrassment to us
Americans won’t get to see Hillary tried in court but they can make sure she will be tired elsewhere and hopefully “convicted"
Our chief political slug SlickWillie shed enough of his slugslime to allow Crooked Hillary to become SlickCrookedHillary
@toodledo is the best productivity tool I've found. Check it out: https://t.co/I8zRBw8jBD
Did you hear? @FlowVella and friends are giving away $2k worth of tech goodies! Enter here: https://t.co/JMyw6f0tJ3  via @flowvella
@thefive. Does Geraldo ever shut up?
Why does every FNC have Geraldo on Friday. Push the talk button and he never stops
@megynkelly Megyn, i certainly do not believe Hillary was sincere.  Too many years as a hardass don't translate to sincere.
It's absurd that almost all the senators will vote against the Iran "deal" yet Dems will vote to uphold the veto
Once again, Obama has duped the American people – or so he thinks. No way this Iran deal is a good one
@GretchenCarlson as far as the "deal, all I can say is Obama always speaks with forked tongue.
Trump says what's on his mind - what worries me is that we could end up in a situation like the Clinton v. Bush v. Perot
Bernie Sanders is communist but at least he doesn't mince words about what he believes - Hillary says what she thinks people want to hear.
Everytime I see Hillary's face on TV, first I mute then I think that in the U.S. there are over 100 Million women, she cannot be the best!
How can Hillary speak honestly about income equality (or inequality)?
Hey Dems, get a candidate other than Hillary - don’t make the American people baggage handlers!
RT @SenTedCruz: Today we honor the heroes of #DDay. We have been given the precious gift of freedom. Cherish it. Champion it. http://t.co/O…
RT @mikandynothem: ☞RETWEET☜ if you are thankful for the men and women that have given their lives for our country. #DDay #tcot #pjnet http…
Get In-Ear Bluetooth Headset - An In-Ear Bluetooth Speaker &amp; Microphone For Your Smartphone (81% off) https://t.co/ZHaK9LqngX
I use @getaugment and I think it is a great tool to increase productivity. Try it out here: http://t.co/Vus5Ybo2V3
@PJNET_Team ak’s brain is actually an enormous collection of carbon atoms
Al Gore’s brain is known as the intranet and it’s riddled with viruses
We have had enough of the Clinton Clan. They are making us feel like puking all over again!
There are over 100 Million women in the U.S. and Hillary cannot possibly be the best of them
I have no idea as to how we got to the point where professional athletes are paid so much.  It’s absurd
We worry too much about whether professional athletes are treated fairly.  I mean who cares, they are paid well
@raywatts @indiesentinel Bill was impeached for lying, want he?  Also disbarred by Arkansas and the U.S. Supreme Court
If Hillary isn’t elected she and Slick Willy could open a brothel with a sex toy shop in the lobby
If someone threw a bucket of water on Hillary she would melt as quickly as the witch in the Wizard of Oz
So Hillary is the best of more than 100 M women in the U.S. and she’s a liar and a cheat
Is the Easter Bunny Real? http://t.co/5LK64QHDo8
@OBAMA_GAMES @cspanwj Obama would say “We use swords to chop off heads, never any guns used for any of our killing”
@OrigIntent @SenTedCruz @Lrihendry Probably the post card should be sent to the “Dead Letter Office”
@mzee26 @DailyCaller That should come as no surprise!  Since when have unions been known for their honesty?
Speaking of the Killing Jesus movie, Obarfo should have auditioned for the role of Judas Iscariot - we could have seen him hang himself
I wonder if Pelosi auditioned for the part of Pilate’s wife in the Killing Jesus movie
RT @jstines3: MT @PhxKen: VALERIE JARRETT: HER NAME IS ON EVERY OBAMA SCANDAL!!! http://t.co/Qff4eTIL2K #WakeUpAmerica #PJNET
Obarfo should take a state trip to Ireland to make his administration legitimate by kissing the Blarney Stone
The  White Press releases are known as the “Sludge Report”
Will Congress do anything to rein in Obarfo?  Of course not; they are just complacent and sure as hell will lose control of both houses
I think Obarfo and Kerry are trying for another Nobel Prize for, well, helping develop a Nuke?
RT @jjauthor: If it were not for 'class warfare' - O would not have any warfare or class! http://t.co/g7pNMKfUJ7 @ericbolling #WakeUpAmerica
Obama’s best qualities?  Easy:  Narcissism and dishonesty
@NaughtyBeyotch Netanyahu should have been even more blunt and told Obarfo exactly what he was thinking.
I heard some of the comments people were making about Obarfo and his “deal” with Iran.  A good one:  “If his lips are moving he’s lying.”
Chuck Woolery is the New Age Snake Oil Salesman - either Australian dream or some Zing Ray machine to take away your aches and pains!
Will Elizabeth Warren inherit Pelosi’s Band of Evil Flying Monkeys?
Dennis Miller just referred to the 5 terrorists released by Obarfo as the Smith Brothers after drinking a bottle of the cough medicine
The United States will always be a great nation in spite of assholes like Obama, Pelosi, Schumer, Durbin, Reid (asshole of the centurty)
The California Coven (Boxer, Pelosi, Feinstein) is in search of a 4th member - well, Hillary could move there or?
Obarfo would have trouble being Chief Justice because he doesn’t know any law except Obama’s Law which, of course is comprise of exec order
In the Liberal Version of “All in the Family” Harry Reid is Archie Bunker and Pelosi is Edith - I know it's sacriligious but, hey why not?
William H. Taft didn’t like being president so when his term was up he got himself appointed Chief Justice of the Supreme Court Obama?
One of the greatest things about St. Louis is that Obarfo will NEVER vacation here - Obama on the River?
I really don't believe Obarfo was editor in chief of the Harvard Law Review - no one has ever seen anything he wrote.  Another lie.
I hear Obarfo may buy that mansion in Hawaii that Magnum P.I. made famous - it will suddenly become “infamous” as the Obarfos seep into it
The way Harry Reid looks with bruises and dark glasses, maybe he should go to some dark bar in Vegas and pretend he’s a blues singer
So Rush Limbaugh thinks someone beat up Harry Reid?  I thought he was being flown out to Nevada by Pelosi’s evil flying monkeys and fell
@CuriousLemming @lr3031  Why then does Obarfo live the lie that he is actually doing something positive?
@gerfingerpoken I really    hope it does doom her “candidacy” even though she views it as a right of succession.
RT @ResistTyranny: Still unaccounted for on @HillaryClinton’s watch - $6 BILLION. 		#Hillary #StopHillary2016 #WakeUpAmerica http://t.co/uJ…
RT @UsfaTx: Want to stop this join us at http://t.co/P8FnrEXi7Y our local tx branch @UsfaTx enlist now stop tyranny http://t.co/2zDCdt77rI
I think Franklin Pierce would be better than Obama
Hillary Clinton given poor prognosis at Dental Smiles
RT @LindaSuhler: It feels like Obama has set America's autopilot to descend to zero feet--and we're all screaming, too. 		#WakeUpAmerica
RT @keithkoffler: Quote of the Day || March 27, 2015  http://t.co/quzgdboza5
RT @NolteNC: You don't think a president who traded a handful of terrorists for a deserter would trade Israel's security to give Iran a nuk…
RT @baileyjer: MARK LEVIN: OBAMA THE GREATEST THREAT JEWS FACE SINCE 1930s http://t.co/IR0GQoAGLO #rednationrising #tcot @RNRSouCarolina
Obama should start a taxicab company so he could work with all his friends - good job for Hillary too
RT @Mike_Beacham: "@WayneDupreeShow: 	Oh snap! &amp; the truth will set you free! 	#WakeUpAmerica 	#tcot #tiot #PJnet #ycot #ccot 	http://t.co/…
First we will all be forced to vote and then in order to vote women will have to wear all that muslim stuff
Obama has issued an executive Order changing the federal execution method to beheading (just like they do back home)
I think the Obamas should vacation in Cuba - they could retire there among their comrades
Obamas have less than two years to visit the rest of the world on our dollar
I’ll bet after Bergdahl is convicted Obarfo will pardon him - he already suffered too much
LBJ also said “Don’t spit in the soup, we al gotta eat.”
LBJ once stated that “The presidency is but a stepping stone to something higher.”  Obama thinks he’s already there and is trying to go up
RT @Wild_Phil: All This Garbage That Is Going On In The World Started In The Early 60's Under LBJ @TheMsGeralyn @ChuckNellis @FreedomFOA
Will Bergdahl go AWOL from Leavenworth?
Remember that bumper sticker from the 70s:  “The ayatollah is an assholah"
Joe Biden may have been a great host for the Newlywed Game - he could fondle all the new wives
The Obama gang are simply persons of modest intellectual attainment or they lied about their educational backgrounds
I think Obarfo should take a sabbatical (instead of a week of golf) and live in Iran for a time to see if he thinks they are so great
@irritatedwoman The though of that woman coming anywhere near the White House gives me a malaria-like feeling
It was great to see Obarfo have a bad day on Netanyahu’s victory, Barack is such a baby
RT @tedcruz: Congrats to @Netanyahu — he's been an extraordinary leader for Israel! http://t.co/mUHB7goxxS
@RobertGBeckel Hey, Bob, hope you are back on the Five soon! (That doesn’t mean I agree with you)
RT @Jan4USA: @marylene58 PM Netanyahu said that Obama told him "If you like your country. you can keep your country"! (sounds about right)
I think a good job for Obama when he finally leaves us alone will be to operate a bowling alley - heavy balls knocking down pinheads!
Is Utah going to shoot someone to death?  I guess they can still use firing squads there, lock and load!
Republicans better start delivering some “blows” to this Administration of lawless thugs - I don’t see them doing anything though
I expect the worst from the Supreme Court  on the Obamacare exchange question - the Chief Justice simply cannot be trusted on this
Chuck Woolery is “selling” that hokey looking “Wiilow” device that eliminates the need for surgery - that could have helped ET get home
A really depressing thought is that of Hilary Clinton living in the White House again, my gosh, can you imagine the constant droning voice?
Surely nobody thought Hillary would admit to do anything that was less than "saintly."
Obama is renaming Air Force One “The Silver Dart.”  He is on a mission to save the world, gasp
Remember Commando Cody?  Obama wants one of those outfits so he can take-off from the roof of the White House
Obama should get the James Buchanan Award for Excellence in governing - or would that be the Franklin Pierce Medal?
You can be sure the Clinton Foundation is now dreaming up defenses for the Clintons’ latest “scandal.”  Hillary makes me il
Too bad Congress can’t pass some resolution saying that Bibi’s speech will take the place of Obama’s next State of the Union speech
I wonder if Pelosi ever lets Obama use any of her evil flying monkeys?
Nancy Pelosi was irate because the leading monkey of her band of evil flying monkeys liked Bibi’s speexch
Obarfo today proved what an immature, narcissistic asshole he really is.  There is no limit to his gall.
RT @PamelaJaneVP: Australia vows to crack down on Muslim immigration, terrorists and imams http://t.co/VJn471uBI1 via @creepingsharia
Obama is like a spoiled teenager, pouting and refusing to meet with Netanyahu this week in D.C. - What an immature baby.
RT @AmyMek: Disgusting! Here's a List Of 26 Anti-Jew Dems Boycotting #Netanyahu &amp; Spitting On #Israel http://t.co/8gDOAJdF35 Iran http://t.…
I wonder what a six pack of Obama Brew will sell for?  Will he set up a stand on the WH Driveway?
Is John Kerry “all there?”  He seems totally removed from reality.
Notice:  Camp David is being renamed to Camp Mohammed after one of O’s relatives
Obama is wondering, since he is the government now if he gets to keep Air Farce One after he leaves office.
Last time I checked there three branches of our government but Obama is doing his best to reduce it to one branch just like Rusasia!
I cannot understand why Congress can't rein in Obama - he simply does exactly as he pleases.
DIdn’t Obarfo say he wasn’t going let any Federal Judge stop him from implementing his immigration “program.”
Narcissism Is Alive and Well http://t.co/GrkJMwq446
Beware! Assembly Reqired http://t.co/N1Zw8Y8NvU
Will Obama become a Fox Contributor after he is impeached and removed from office?
When Bruce Jenner becomes Bernice Jenner will she enter the convent?
@Americasgarden those ass-kissing sessions should only appear on closed circuit tv so the rest of the world isnt subjected to that crap
@KatiePavlich I’m surprised they can protest without fear of being beheaded or stoned to death
@TracyAChambers i agree in principle with Jeanine, i just cant take listening to her or watching her
Celebs of all kinds need to hold their ass-kissing award shows on closed circuit tv so the rest of dont have to be subjected to that crap
Would Obarfo be a martyr for his Prophet?  Hopefully soon?
Obama has less than two years left, which amendment top the Constitution will he have effectively eliminated?
Is it true Obama will move to Milwaukee after he leaves office to open his own brewery?  Wonder what they would call the crap brewed there?
The government should build an ark., put all the politicians in it (commanded by Captain Obarfo) and push it to sea around Somalia
Will Barack be sitting somewhere in the House chamber when the Pope addresses Congress?  Or will he insist on making a grand entrance first?
I’ll bet Brian Williams is good friends with his “kind:” Hillary, Bill, Barack and others of that ilk.
Obama, the narcissist in chief, has alienated our best allies including Netanyahu.  We will be well rid of this cur
@juliebanderas Obama is simply a narcissist, interested only in situations in which he is the center of attractrion - a real cur
Nancy Pelosi does not have the aptitude to be a Good Humor Man (certainly not aGood Humor Woman) -Good Humor Monkey?
@Holyfield67 Everything Obarfo does is a threat - he's a dangerous weapon
Did Obama head the Muslim Club at Harvard?
What we can hope for is that Hillary will decide she won’t run and that Liz Warren will join a convent
RT @chuckwoolery: When you choose to come to America, you cannot bring your form of Government with you and expect us to SUBMIT. #Islam
I am also in favor of silly ass shows like the Oscars only being broadcast on ESPN as well or CSPN, no matter
The money wasted on professional sports could probably make up for all the funds Obarfo has wasted
I’m in favor of all sporting shows being televised only on ESPN - the money spent on this crap is insane.
I’m probably one of the only people in America that has never watched a superbowl game - never will -
I really do like Fox news BUT it's two minutes of talking and then about 4 minutes of commercials this means keeping the mute button nearby
I favor not televising the superbowl, March Madness or any award shows such as the Oscars -
@Greta - isn't it time to stop talking about that silly football story about the 'limp' footballs - idiocy and totally unimportant!
Maybe Michelle should go to her vegetable garden  and just sink into the dirt and become one with the environment
I keep thinking out of over 100 Million women in the U.S is the best the Dems can come up with Hillary or, even worse Lizzy Warren?
How long are people going to keep believing Obarfo and why aren't his approval ratings below 30%?
I Don’t Want to Talk Politics, But . . . http://t.co/2Ey8fGZd5e
Too much time being spent on this silly football issue - deflated balls or deflated heads. Its a stupid game either way you look at it
The @WSJ recommends @Dashlane’s 1-click Password Changer: http://t.co/MEyj0LSK1C. Get early access: http://t.co/CiKHHkN8vy
Living Free in a Conex (Shipping Container) During Monsoon Season http://t.co/HwjBNpEhPn
Gray Mountain – Has Grisham Improved or Is He Getting Stale? http://t.co/oSShVdQjrD
Is the Child Really Father of the Man? http://t.co/boKSX13mOh
Brain Washing Cleanses the Soul: A Child’s Guide to Moral Theology http://t.co/PIGHpY61ae
Showering on the Go! http://t.co/xoiZCaRJ9n
%%TITLE%% http://t.co/fPRFF0Gxd8
Hope everyone votes today.  Pundits say voter turnout will be normal (38% of those registered)
LBJ: The presidency is but a stepping stone to something higher; Obama: You got that right, Lyndon
@DashlaneSupport my 4 digit passcode for iPad suddenly won't work.  I never changed it
@dashland I've not changed my passcode (4 digit) for my iPad yet the program will not let me use the pass code I set
Great Tubes of Joy! http://t.co/ZL8B07sPqq
How I Escaped Certain Death at the Hands of The Playground Monster http://t.co/KoCysoGJbJ
Miss America and award shows - get rid of them, let them kiss each others asses in private
Another thing: Confine football games to time allotted, no interrupting other shows put those thugs on ESPN
No more talk of Ferguson, cialis, banks, cars, Australian Dream and let's hope Hillary doesn't run, she's a boring person no better than O
Who gives a rat's ass about what pro football players do - they are a bunch of thugs and if they abuse they should lose but no more talk
check out my blog (http://t.co/eKHPJDqeCW) sometimes it's serious, sometimes funny - I think.  Thanks!
FOLLOW@WaltPimbley
WHOISP
The "team" we have in Washington (Obarfo and Biden) are not a good combo to deal with all this terrorist stuff - Obama is a wimp and Joe??
I think we're not supposed to make anti-Obama comments on Twitter as the thought police seem to be heavily involved in that task
RT @TSDavis75: Obama’s use of ISIL reveals his true allegiance, and animus towards Israel - Allen B. West -... http://t.co/zDWBzRIvV3
@LynneWinfrey hes made a total mockery of Americans
RT @LynneWinfrey: No wonder all of Obama's documents are sealed. What a sad mess a deceived voting public has made.
Obama might as well stand on the roof of the White House and fiddle as ISIL repeats the War of 1812 - burning down Washington
RT @Rockprincess818: What OBAMA's going to do is follow the m.o. he's established -provide aid and comfort to Islamofascist terrorist movem…
RT @letgohealthy: The Curves Diet Plan  http://t.co/r6MGXlXZ0a
If those radicals beheaded Harry Reid I don’t think we would notice too much difference - I think his ass governs his vital functions
Any golf courses in Yemen?  Any need for Fund Raisers?  This will be the site of next year’s family vacation instead of Martha’s Place
If “BigBrother” snoops on all of us why can he snoop on all those radical Islamic buffoons who run around the world cutting off heads?
@slone I think we have to rid the world of these disgusting vermin.  Unfortunately, one of their own “leads” this country
If Barack decided to resign (like Nixon did in 1974) would we be in even greater trouble with Goofy Joe at the helm?
I’ve tried but I cannot really think of anything positive about the Obama Administration - if you can call it an administration
I understand that “Big Brother” is developing some programs to monitor tweets to see who is  . . .bad?  Only one group I can think of
Oh Gosh! I missed Obarfo’s birthday, will I get audited?  Or maybe the EPA will seize my house?
I’ve tried to think of something positive to say about Obama and all I can come up with is that he has a nice haircut
Pelosi is one of America’s biggest Jokes - back to Frisco with the help of her Band of Evil  Flying Monkeys
General Barack makes America look like the Mouse that Roared
I cringe everytime one of these Obama wags talks about Obama being a Constitutional Law Professor - my ass, at most a grad teaching asst’
Will Barack get his own “Star” on Hollywood’s Walk of Fame? HIs Admin has been both comedy and tragedy
RT @jcwneal: New name for the Operation in Iraq #OperationMarthasVineyard.  Genocide occurs while Obama goes on vacation.
Some of America’s Greatest Characters:  Mr. Tooth Decay, Happy Tooth, Garfield Goose, Bucky Beaver and King Barack
Garfield Goose was the first King of the United States in the 1950s; we are now in our “second kingdom” with King Barack.
As Krauthammer said, the airstrikes that have taken place are like pin pricks - like nothing at all.  Obama needs to get off his throne
@MonicaCrowley listening to him must be worse than Ebola virus and causes incessant regurgitation
@RobHoey i would too!  What a conceied, rude jerk
Barack O. Barfmamn is conceied and rude. Always late for everything. I see why he succeeded Garfield Goose as King of the U.S.
@bretbaier#specialport not only is Obarfo conceited, he’s rude as well. Cant wait till he rejoins mob buddies in Chitown
Obama: “an airliner is blown up with 298 people - i think this may be a tragedy”. What a moronic buffoon
Obama should lock arms with Pelosi and Reid and in all their aimless absurdity they should skip on down the yellow brick road to nowhere
Obama fiddles at another fundraiser as the world burns
@waspassierteam stop
Obama the modern day Minnesota fat(head) to promote his private label brew Corner Pocket Lager
Obama has declared himself devine - no need to go to the border as hes omnipresent
If Obarfo had taken the pot that had been offered he might at least have caused his brain to work a bit
What IS an insult to women is even considering Hillary Clinton as a presidential candidate
Josh Ernst referred to the U.S. Dictator as “the constitutional lawyer in the oval office.” What an insult to real lawyers!
Arrogant Obarfo to “use his pen”again to “fix” immigration. What a load of crap
Warm and humid this morning.  At 6:30 a.m. it was about
@wiskey1249 people used to think Hillary was gay, roger. I say crazed bulldyke leather freak
RT @CondoleezzaRice: Happy 90th Birthday 41! My mentor, my friend, and a great tennis partner! #41 http://t.co/lUS2PWGKvP
Obama should go to Iraq and lead the Iraqi charge on a camel - one hump or two?
Is Barack a born-again Muslim?
RT @RealJamesWoods: The real question is who in his right mind could support this loser anymore on any issue? Impeach him and move on.  htt…
RT @NadeenFlores: This PoS wanna be president starting out as Hope &amp; Change to Scandal &amp; Blame. Hey Barack Obama! http://t.co/t212Ro1od8
Hillary’s new book also makes a handy booster seat for young children
If you have trouble falling asleep at night try: Melatonin and trying to read a chapter in hillary’s tome
Our senator McCaskill already has placed her head up Hillary’s you know what. Disgusting
@lheal obama knew exactly what he was doing. I give him no credit at all. Hes just as bad as all those crazed muslims
Lets send the Man From Kenya to infiltrate the Taliban
There are over 100 million women in the US certainly one of that number must be a better choice than Hillary the Benghazi Liar
People jumped at Obarfo’s nomination in haste to elect the 1st Black prez - we see now what we actually got.  Lets not make that mistakeagn
Dems already have Hillary nominated and elected; we do not need the first woman president to be Hillary - another liar
Members of the Micky Mouse Club know more about democracy than the idiot that thinks hes president
I would venture to say a nice rock has more on the ball than this nitwit community organizer
Where did anyone get the idea Obama is brilliant?  He’s just wily like a snake. He’s never done anything but politics and poorly
I think Obarfo should ride shirtless with Putin
RT @Chumcubo: Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died. - Erma Bombeck http://t.co/p7uYHKo0sN
Bush 43 rides with the wounded warriors; Obama gives them one of his selfies
If you put Hillary and Pelosi in a hot tub togrther the would drown each other waving their paws around
Geraldo never shuts up
@ArcticFox2016 Did de Blasio get his start in politics in the Obama administration?
@FrankLuntz Why not?  Half the Obama folks have certainly been smoking something the last six years
New Legislation enacted by the White House:  All stock markets permanently closed, only capitalists use them anyway
Obama the folksinger's new single:  This land is MY land, this land is MY land
Harry Reid is just mixed up - he thinks he's Harry Potter
The White House Letterhead will be revised to read:  THE WHITE HOUSE HOME OF THE SENATE AND HOUSE MEMBER
RT @grannyguerrilla: FREE book, "Uncle SCAM'S designs on America." . Link @ http://t.co/8H3wbRKQlT. Please RT. http://t.co/3ql4HWwnY3
If we ever are engaged in another armed conflict Obama will have to lead the troops as he's fired all the generals
If all these "illegals" are actually citizens (per Joe B.) we might as well make all Canadians citizens as well as anyone passing thru Mexco
If Biden does run for Prez I hear he's thinking of Rob Ford as his Veep - of course buddy Obama will have to amend the Constitution
@PatVPeters They are actually planning another Vegas Outing - this time they will spare no expense
@chp3871 No worse than Nancy being given a barn in which to house her Band of Evil Flying Monkeys
New Theme Park for Liberals:  Barack's Blunderland where blunders are blamed on others
If Obama becomes Pope will he have Joe B. in his Curia?  Maybe he can take the place of the lunatic Cardinal Ray Burke
RT @zypldot: MT @WarriorsHart444 Not just another Election! #PrayForUSA http://t.co/YLjoXv0vZS #GOP #TeaParty #TCOT #SaveAmerica
Obama's been thinking after he leaves the WH it might be fun to be Pope - he can fly around on Vatican One  - sorry no wife and kids tho
Each Member of Congress has reached his or her level of incompetence so it's time for "lateral arabesque!"
I think each member of Congress - House and Senate - should be given a copy of "The Peter Principle"
@Conservative_VW @TwitchyTeam @ArlenWms Calling Hapless Harry a terrorist assumes he has some native courage and intelligence
@ParalegalGeorge Rather poorly I might add!
RT @NCHornet: Clown to the left of me... joker on my right...here I am http://t.co/XxgYpH8DO3
Next November Dems are planning a circus with over 250 little baracks getting out of a VW taxi
I wonder if there is a rehab program for narcissists - I'm sure the presidential health care plan would cover treatment
Obama to address the nation on the burdens of being divine
New Game Show on MSNBC:  "Narcissist for a Day" starring none other than the Narcissist General BHO
@ParalegalGeorge Yes, a lawyer who had to surrender his law license or risk an ethics investigation
Obamas will spend their next vacation on an oil rig in the Texas Gulf area - 2 great weeks of "Ocean Golf"
Since Obama thinks he was born in Hawaii he should think about putting his library on the most remote of the Islands - far from most of us
Obama has an acting job waiting for him - he will play a CI on the TV series "Chicago PD"  He knows all about Chicago crime!
Obarfo should take the family on a short vacation to WVa to visit some coal mines - his kids need to see the people he puts out of work
Obama has now assumed the functions of government reserved to Congress.  He can "sign" laws and then Ignore them as only suggestions
They should make a Harry Reid costume for kids to wear at Halloween - it would be super scary!
If Harr Reid is euthanized will his remains be used at a rendering plant or just dumped in a landfill?
Does Obamacare cover veterinarians?  Maybe they will be the only ones on med networks
Maybe Vlad can offer Barack Tech support on spying on citizens and others
I just don't see what people "see" in Hillary - she's dull and boring, kind of ugly and she's married to Bill
Hillary might be a grandmother already, many times over - she  needs to speak with Bill about this
Since Hillary is going to run for Prez, Joe Biden won't have anything to do - he should consider being an Amway Rep
Kathleen Sibelius for the Senate"  I think she would have more luck starting a cooking show
I'm sure Putin thinks Obama's a real "pansy" well, yes, and a communist community organizer
I read that a recent poll showed that 61% of Americans think Obama lies about most important matters - this percent should be 100
RT @BreitbartNews: Krauthammer Slams President for ObamaCare Remarks: Makes Stuff Up with 'Brazenness':  http://t.co/4qSaLVkLH6
@f396 Harry Reid IS a Scandal!
@BobMathis2 Gasp! I don’tthink the people of Kansas would make a 2nd mistake by electing her a senator
Harry Reid needs to be placed in a nice quiet room with a big lock and padded walls
Chief Thunderthud tells us over8 Million have signed up for Obarfocare. He speaks with forked tongue
As long as I’mnot a Howdy Doody kick, Harry Reid would be Phineas T. Bluster - Kathleen Sibelius would be Dilly Dally
Anyone remember Oil Well Willy from the Howdy Doody Show? He could be our Energy Czar
61% of Americans think Obama lies most all the time. Duh!
RT @gretawire: White House delusional?  obsessed with Fox News Channel?  thinks we are the only ones that spotted this BS? http://t.co/xEin…
The ONLY reason Obama holds press conferences is to brag and give himself a nice ass-kissing. No need to tune in, just tune him out
@megynkelly. #kellyfile. Megyn, outstanding interview with Governor Christy. Fair and interesting. Enjoyed it
RT @jjauthor: Read Victor Davis @VDHanson about Obama’s need to put up or shut up – loud plus weak equals war: http://t.co/fQ1fIBjoR9 … #tc…
@exposeliberals it would be hard for Obama to sympathize with American families because he isn’tone - I’m not sure what he is
Pope Francis should distance himself from the Great Narcissist Obama
Sadly Obama's visit with Pope Francis was simply another photo op for America 's non-leader Obama
Is it true Obama will emigrate to Saudi Arabia to be near his King?
@robfit @GA_Knight isn’t that like telling everyone you’re coming out as a Homo sapiens?
@foxnation I would like to say that to the IRS if they asked for my records
@policygal @PatDollard well Pelosi does depend on her band of Evil Flying Monkeys to travel to her home District
My name is Bbarack and, yes, I’m the man behind the curtain but damn! I just can’tpull these levers
RT @RedScareBot: Unenjoyment line RT @greekdr Bill O'Reilly: "Putin is not a communist, he is a thief"....I'm thinking that's the same thin…
Obama might qualify as a Community Game Host (e.g., calling Bingo numbers)
Do all of Obama’s appointments have to be controversial?  Why can’the just nominate competent people
RT @jjauthor: O-care is a great window into liberalism &amp; the Democratic Party in general. Don’t let the public forget it! #tcot #FNS #MTP #…
@PantsOzzy @TexasXeina I think that’sexactly what’shappening
RT @PantsOzzy: You would think Obama's transformation of America was turning into the destruction of America
@irritatedwoman I don’tthink it’sbizarre at all but I do think Jonathon is bizaare
RT @Fingersflying: The top priority of our federal agencies is to silence dissent. Your silence is not only your consent it is the source o…
RT @ObamaBash: Hard 4 US to survive with lazy gullible people &amp; corrupt media plus the open &amp; absolute corruption of our elections &amp; econom…
@10thAmendment I’ll bet that discussion will be rivoting
@NewsLastMinute sounds like Bill Clinton’s kind of guy
@wiskey1249 yeah, one of the worst I ever asked, I guess Obama made me do it sorry
@wiskey1249 hi roger, will you be working on Hillary's campaign?
Obarfo wants to emulate Putin so the next vacation will be shirtless horseback riding in the Rockies at 15000 feet. Jarrett will go with
Barack is the new poster boy for the Colorado Weed Alliance
RT @KatiePavlich: Remember when Team Obama laughed it up when Romney said Putin and Russia were a problem? The only person laughing now is.…
@PatVPeters @dhrxsol1234 the jackass shouldn't be president and I don't think of him as such. He's just another immigrant &amp; he fooled us
RT @PatVPeters: British Intelligence Advisor: Obama Born In Kenya In 1960 http://t.co/LWBtH3WTla
Allow your writing creativity to blossom while you’re on the go with Matcha. http://t.co/n1cZCRBzkZ http://t.co/VBkyaSIS6w
Hurray for VW in Tennessee - unions today only benefit union leaders - sort of like Congress
@genophilia  At times I wonder if Obama has a head to say nothing of a brain
RT @GOP: Join us &amp; make #2014 a year of action http://t.co/8MYwZ3xyfG Let’s take back the #Senate
I wrote to my Congresswoman and asked why no articles of impeachment have been introduced. No response, of course
@velvetrose15 I can't understand why not one member of the House have introduced Articles of Impeachment
RT @velvetrose15: We can't afford to sit and wait, why impeachment must happen http://t.co/E7OLnanC3f
RT @Saint_Obama: #ObamaCare Businesses already forced to postpone expansion, drop employee health coverage, &amp; lay off workers. #EpicFail #T…
Obama has amended the Constitution and in addition to prez he’s prez of the senate and speaker of the house. Next, Chief Justice of cors
RT @jjauthor: Sharpton &amp; Jackson: Perfect! #tcot  #Hannity http://t.co/QZ5KHKUWnI #tcot
RT @SenTedCruz: We must protect the rights of citizens of the states to define marriage &amp; not have definition dictated by fed govt https://…
@redostoneage amazing coming from that bunch of left wing freaks
@anniechang8877g google, for sure. I can’tstand Facebook
RT @DwayneStovall: You're Senator from the great state of Texas and you worry about what Mitch McConnell thinks? What's wrong with you?	htt…
@10thAmendment Pelosi needs to have those hands tied behind her
@Reagan_Nation if she thinks that her time to go has come
RT @HomerWhite: Democrats Who Oppose Keystone XL Pipeline Own Shares in Competing Companies… http://t.co/tHXKthYfZH
Americans don’twant another Clinton in the White House - a terrible choice for the first woman president
RT @CO2HOG: If Iran Wants Peace, Why Are They Threatening To Sink U.S. Warships? http://t.co/Am2WiyG0Kc
If Spring is drawing ever closer I suppose vacation planning is in the air for the Obarfos
Could it be that there's maybe only 39days until spring?
#gofor2iannotate
RT @jjauthor: 🇺🇸Good Morning! It is a great day to be an American! TODAY we fight to restore America to its first principles! #LNYHBT 🇺🇸 #t…
RT @f396: Supreme Court Prevents Dictator Obama From Forcing Catholic Nuns to Obey HHS ... - http://t.co/ZV5YXmXT3N via http://t.co/jAciVbD…
RT @jjauthor: We must remind ourselves why America is Exceptional and teach our kids to keep her Great! #tcot #StopCommonCore #cashinin
@BobG231 of course they can’t- the commander in chief is a closet Muslim
@bsalvato this utter bullshit or should I say Obamashit
RT @SwiftRead: Molon Labe: Armed 11 Year-Old Girl Defends Home from 3 Burglars - #SOT #HR36 #tcot #msnbc #hannity #nytimes #pjnet... http:/…
RT @RobHoey: Brain Flushings: We'll Have Fun Fun Fun Now That Barry Took Incentive Away Now http://t.co/LwvJErzSrr via @RobHoey
Obarfo is going to host a “Pot &amp; Poker”  party for his Chicago Gangster buddies at the White House Situation Room
@catwahler Dems can’t help themselves, they are mentally constipated and need the mental equivalent of colon blow
RT @SenTedCruz: Income inequality is increasing b/c of Obamacare. What have Senate Dems done to protect Americans from it? Nothing. http://…
@DrMartyFox @HannahK_W7 @GeneLingerfelt @drscott_atlanta he loves to remind us he’s commander in chief though
@authorofmystery @elarmstrong well, Jim, the past five years prove my point. Blame goes to Harry, Nancy and Barry
I guess we might be at the point where we actually have less than three years left of Obarfo and his mob of buffoons
It won't be long before the murder and crime rates go up in NYC
Obarfo's solution to every problem is to creat a new government agency
@authorofmystery well, you are right about Congress and as far as Dubya, at least he stayed on property he alreadyowned.Face it O is a loser
Yes, Bush took vacations but at least he went and stayed on property he already owned and rode his bike around the property
There are many members of Congress who have overstayed their welcome to name a few:  Pete King, Schumer, Durbin, Pelosi, Reid,
Do they have golf courses in Iraq??  Perhaps Obarfo should consider a couple of weeks on the courses over there
It seems Pelosi waves her hands around alot - Is this what happens when one has a lobotomy?
When is the last time you got to take a 17 day vacation?  Don't forget, Obarfo is on a perpetual vacation for all the good he does the US
@amconmag @mattklewis Did you run that answer by Obarfo?
Does Harry Reid have some form of dementia?  If not, I think he's on his way to getting it
So now we have to pay for Obarfo's gift to Michelle - I mean the transportation alone is $800,000.  He's a millionaire let him pay
BitsDuJour is giving away a new Surface 2, and more. If you win, I win too! http://t.co/hTKQzqm9vG via @sharethis
BitsDuJour is giving away a new Surface 2, and more. If you win, I win too! http://t.co/fHuQUTfNxj via @bitsdujour
BitsDuJour is giving away a new Surface 2, and more. If you win, I win too! http://t.co/fHuQUTfNxj via @bitsdujour
RT @HomerWhite: So how's Obamacare rollout going, Mr Obama. Still trying to get ignorant to sign up? You must be so proud to take advantage…
@ryanra let’s hope so. This fake president has already reigned too long
@wilkie4 Obama will destroy this just as he is destroying so many other facets of American life
RT @jjauthor: O will NOT abandon O-care. Thousands of navigators &amp; IRS agents, more waivers ready,&amp; billions in bailouts will keep it going…
RT @JimDeMint: "Regardless of what or how we believe, none of us should be forced to worship at the state’s altar." http://t.co/KylY81wjqt
RT @redostoneage: Obama: Worst approval ratings since Nixon 	http://t.co/B07mtQDSDV #cnn #ac360 #npr #nyc #chicago #boston #cleveland #atla…
@jjauthor all of them need to go but especially Durbin
RT @LeMarquand: 🔴Top U.S. lawyer: 'Obama guilty of serial fraud on multiple levels'  http://t.co/7zkHZspDaM via @examinercom
@LeMarquand there is a “top” U.S. Lawyer? Out of millions of them how does one of them become “top?”
@ColorMeRed @KenWahl1 this was idiocy on the part of Congress as a whole but mostly Dems
RT @John_Scotus: Pew: Liberal support for Obama at all-time low, worse than George W. Bush and conservatives http://t.co/kTbXWhqWgm via @DC…
Win an iPad mini and $500 to spend in Paddle's Holiday Giveaway! https://t.co/5m1BbPzeXa
Between the annoying Humana commercials on every 5 minutes, sound bytes from Obarfo and his team of twits the sound on my TV is on mute
Do they smoke pot on Obarfo’s never stopping campaign bus?  I sure wonder with some of the crap they come up with.
RT @KenInEastman: Milk Carton: MISSING: Presidential Responsibility (Last seen in company of George W. Bush) Return to Washington, DC ASAP
RT @Denise9532: Liar in Wait - 'President Obama lies ... with impunity.' http://t.co/qLYAYyjzOY
@vmpcott what can you expect from that bunch of thugs in the WH - it’s all they know how to do
Obarfo is a narcissist and a liar
I can't stand Obarfo or any of his serfs
It was really disgusting when I turned on the radio this morning whose voice that I hear – obarfo's
Sebilius is a twit but she should have simply blamed it completely on Obarfo
Who is that ditz-brain in the blue dress that does those idiotic Nutrisystem commercials that are on every 5 minutes - she has a 50 IQ
#Greta it was Obarfo's fault alone. He never takes responsibility and he needs to on this
RT @JohnFromCranber: #Obama demands tolerance for Muslims? What about Muslims showing a little tolerance for Christians/Jews/Hindus/atheist…
Go Cards!
I heard Michelle's garden died because of the government shut down.  I guess she was shut down too because she never hoed for a minute
If Pelosi has as much botox in her ass as she does in her face, how does she sit down?
Pelosi thought Obama's prayer rug was a magic carpet and asked if she could fly home on it
Nero fiddled as he watched Rome burn; Obama golfs as he watches American wither and die on his watch
Obama calls everything "HIS;" it's HIS Army, HIS White House; HIS Airplane but he never talks about HIS country
People go to prison for lying to a federal agent; why shouldn't federal employees who lie to citizens go to prison?  Obama maybe?
Everyone one said Blago was dumb and he went to prison; everyone says Obarfo is brilliant but he isn't so shouldn't he be in prison?
Has Obama appointed anyone to his "Thought Police" force? Can't let people think bad thoughts about him
It's pretty embarrassing when the head of state of another country calls Obarfo to see if the US is spying on her.
We really are screwed - if something happened to Obarfo we would be left with his mindless assistant Biden
RT @1SupremeGoddess: RT @JimmyMcIver: Grayson's a psychopath &amp; that's being kind! @DianeM1966 @PuterPrsn = I can't believe he's still walki…
A day without Obama is like a sunny, beautiful day
Regardless of what Juan Williams says, there is absolutely nothing good about Obarfo or his administration
I think U.S. Senators who have been in the Senate more than two terms need to be "suspect." Two terms there is enough
With each day that passes I realize more and more how evil Obarfo really is.  The man is a megalomaniac, a narcissist and liar
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: Rand Paul pushes amendment to block laws that don't apply equally to citizens and Congress... http://t.co/XTVuh6IBr7
Send Obarfo and Biden to Syria - there must be something there they can ruin
Harry Truman: “The Buck stops here.” Barack Obarfo: “the buck is spent here.”
RT @AlexisinVT: To everyone who broke down the #Barrycades we the people salute you! #1MVetMarch #tcot #teaparty http://t.co/PtbYdOSmjc
I wonder if Obarfo is golfing today.  He tends to do that when he should be doing something else.
@KOSMOSNET Debbie Was a Man Schultz is heavily in debt and needs the money
The blame for the current situation falls squarely on Obarfo’s shoulders. Reid &amp; Pelosi are just mindless syncophants
Obarfo, Harry “The Living Fart” Reid and Pelosi continue babbling on and on. Obarfo needs to stop campaigning, golfing and vacationing
Best news on the Tube #SpecialReport #GetGlue http://t.co/OUI2JWK667
I’m really tired of Harris Faulkner doing the news. Bring back Julie Banderas
I almost puked when Harry “The Living Fart” Reid and Nancy “Plastic Cheeks” Pelosi explained how hard they tried to please Boehner
RT @NoInfidel33: @SpeakerBoehner YOU ARE THE HOUSE  MAJORITY LEADER --- #LEAD DAMN IT ! DO IT FOR US. WE DO NOT WANT OBAMACARE
Oh give me a home where Obarfo roams and I’ll show you a dirty floor
Each day that goes by finds me realizing more than ever how truly evil and self-centered Obarfo really is
Will Obarfo’s Fall Family vacation have to be cancelled?
As the government shuts down, Obarfo wants to fly off to Asia so he can prance around spewing his partisan vitriol
@PaulKinkel let's encourage them to do it!
RT @KurtSchlichter: .@DavidLimbaugh The science is settled that global warming is nonsense. @billpostmus
The thought of Hillary as the first woman president is enough to cause projectile vomiting!
@ilovelucy1991 @iSheeple1 @GlutenFreeDog couldn’tagree more &amp; take Pelosi &amp; Reid with him
RT @ilovelucy1991: @iSheeple1 ---THE ONLY THING THATS PHONEY,, IS OBAMA, HIMSELF,, HE MUST G O NOW,, RIGHT NOW,, ASAP,, HES DESTROYING OUR …
Members of both House &amp; Senate spend too much time kissing ass and running for reelection
RT @NuRepublitarian: 5000 US doctors have gone "direct primary care", set their own prices, patients pay them directly, no ins co or govt h…
Obama golfs while Washinton burns
RT @ginthegin: Congress, you were complete fools not to have read the mammoth ACA #Obamacare folly before voting on it. #ThrowThemAllOut
RT @JimDeMint: Survey: http://t.co/Y2TV5hqDkv 57% of doctors are pessimistic about the future of medicine #Obamacare
Maybe Pelosi will lend a couple of those EFMs to Obarfo so he can head over to Tehran to be with some of his Muslim cousins
Dumbass Pelosi said Obarfo is totally apolitical. Nancy, grab 2 of your evil flying monkeys and head home to CA &amp; be with all your goofybuds
RT @wturner988: #Dontfundit 	Stop Obamacare 	Stop Obama! http://t.co/ND9rPOMAzX
Now the House ought to vote to defund Obama
Al Sharpton has lost a lot of weight but now he operates with only a brain stem making him dumb as a rock
Rhetorical overdrive for Obarfo is simply droning louder but still saying nothing - Obarfo the Vapor-Brain
RT @tedcruz: RT if you are with me -- #DefundObamacare! http://t.co/4ziMmdtSSp
RT @loudobbsnews: Boehner calls #Obamacare defunding vote a "victory for common sense." @genevievewood  &amp; @jamestaranto join #LouDobbsTonig…
RT @DesJarlaisTN04: I voted in favor of #CR to defund #ObamaCare because ObamaCare is an issue I will not compromise on http://t.co/ls2Ypi6…
@MarineReconDad that’s sort of like reverse blasphemy
Instead of talking about shutting government down how about talkin about shutting Harry Reid down?
@Gibbsdithers @Dagny_Galt Because dick is a dick, dirty and a dipshit
Obarforeally is a disgusting, narcissistic lying no good asshole
Joe Biden,  Obarfo’s simple-minded assistant
RT @ChasD3: John Kerry Promises ‘Unbelievably Small’ U.S. Strike Against Syria - ABC News http://t.co/DCxjpzjTOi (Then what's the goddamn p…
@tnlawgirl yes, I agree with Wright now Obama thinks of himself as ‘the Prophet.'
RT @SouriShamy: The best thing that ever happened to #Russians since the collapse of the Soviet Union is @BarackObama  	#Syria
RT @BossyMother: Uh-Bama backed the wrong side in Egypt too #Syria who even knows what he was up to in #Benghazi
Why should we believe anything Obarfo says; the only difference between him and Putin is the manner in which they lie
@StevenPigott don’t we wish!
I don’t think it’s possible to embarassed Obarfo, after all, everyone but him is wrong
@KatiePavlich perhaps Obama is a secret member
RT @jjauthor: One wonders when @BarackObama will tell Muslims to stop clinging to their guns &amp; religion! #uppers #tcot @AmbJohnBolton #Hann…
RT @JoeTheMailman: #DelbertBelton ~ BLACKs  Beat &amp; Killed  89yr old WW II Vet for fun ---&gt;&gt; http://t.co/FWVG69zBGU &lt;&lt;--- Find these punks N…
@BrettGreene how about Joe Biden? Or Obama, I can see either behind the wheel of the Batmobile
If Nancy Pelosi clicked the heels on her ruby slippers there could be a gigantic fart that could blow all near her off the face of the Erth
Is Obarfo’s bus another Canadian bus?  May God free us of this jackass - whoops, can’t ask God - unconstitutional
Oh glorious and radiant keeper of dogs and faux leader of the free world guide us deeper into oblivion
Forget the U.N. it’s a totally impotent organ and should be excised
Will Obarfo’s new dog be subject to or covered by the (un)affordable Care Act (Obarfocare)?
@jilevin beware of anything that comes from the mouth of Obama - he “speaks with forked tongue.”
When they convict that nutty shrink from Ft Hood they SHOULD NOT give him a death sentence - deprive him of “martyrdom”
@tjholthaus 1984 all over again
RT @TheLimerickKing: The great global reset draws near	Consider the things you hold dear	Will others agree	With the value you see?	If so yo…
Obama says if you like your doctor you can keep him. If you don’t like the person who calls himself president must you keep him?
@BrettBaier. Obama’s plan to rank colleges is not good but then nothing he’s done is good - just for the greater glory of Obama
@vicole777 Obarfo, the supreme humanist NOT
Is Obarfo's multi-million dollar Martha's Vineyard vacation over?
So Goofy Obarfo w as on Leno last night - I had to turn that off though, can't watch that narcissistic politician
Next summer the Obamas will take a "budget" vacation - the family will travel by bus to the Bad Lands and camp out
@Pudingtane @BuildOurAmerica  Their families didn't go on sailing trips everywhere, or anywhere
RT @Pudingtane: The Prez was never intended 2b this powerful. Early prez were so poor they had 2buy own wine 4dinners. It was intentional. …
If Anthony Wiener was a sex addict would that make him a real Dick Head?
If Blumberg doesn't run or can't run again will he ride in the Weiner Mobile with the Peter Tweeter, I mean A Wiener and a REAL Hot Dog!
During his mayoral campaign Anthony "Peter Tweeter" Weiner will ride in the Oscar Meyer Wiener Mobile singing I wish I were an Oscar Meyer..
Obarfo almost never talks about the fact that he's a lawyer - could that be because he surrendered his law license?
Barack Obama Song for the Day:  I wonder What the King is Doing Tonight
RT @littlebytesnews: Holder is a vindictive,racist who committed perjury&amp;shld be in jail already&gt;RT @bradthor: If #Zimmerman is attacked an…
Hurray for O’Reilly - he just said people are getting tired of Sharpton - I am, that’s for sure
@judgejennine I agree with Zimmerman Verdict. State didn’t come close to proving it’s case
I think people like Sharpton, Jackson and others want to keep Black people as victims
RT @jjauthor: #2016CampaignGroundRules: “The rarest thing on earth may be a politician who delivers on his or her promises!” #tcot
RT @jjauthor: #2016CampaignGroundRules: “There is no reason for we the people to allow elected politicians to treat themselves like royalty…
RT @PatriotsOrg: MUSLIM TERRORIST STILL IN OUR WHITE HOUSE http://t.co/9EvJf9q98W
RT @vcortesusmc: Land of the Free http://t.co/NT9JiA2jgF
@46drhouse @glennbeck @theabundantgift I think they’ve already railroaded Zimmerman; that witless judge wants a conviction
RT @sokeijarhead: Ted Cruz Introduces Legislation To Completely Defund Obamacare : Freedom Outpost http://t.co/W394p4IhLD
@RealSheriffJoe @dhrxsol1234 I wouldn’t think the sheriff would even think about working for such an Anti-American
The only thing Obarfocare is is a tribute to a narcissistic, Muslim who would rather be the Imam of the United States
@SpreadButter @PressSec @SenRandPaul god save us from that wench
@Holyfield67 I think Obarfo is afraid of Putin and just doesn’t want to talk to him. I’m surprised he didn’t have Valerie Jarret do it
We need term limits. These lazy Washington jackasses need to get real jobs
Hate to say but there is no one in Washington I believe - all seasoned liars
RT @SenTedCruz: Great news: the Texas Senate has finally passed #HB2. Thanks for your #Stand4Life! #txlege
RT @ArlenWms: The prosecutors I've heard, in the Zimmerman trial and outside, cause me to be very concerned for our criminal justice system…
@mike_truman @EricaRN4USA Harry Truman would become violently I’ll on meeting Obarfo
RT @mike_truman: If we had a real Democratic president he would look like Harry Truman. Not Hello Kitty. @EricaRN4USA #Obama
@slone what a bunch of guttersnipes
@irritatedwoman There isn't much the procecutor or MLK could do to cure accute mental deficiency
@Lockestep1776 OR Jesse EYEStooCLOSE Jackson
@ThePowersThatBe Pelosi's mind is so demented she needs to be admitted immediately to managed care - straight jacket would be best
Only 8% of Obarfo's close advisors have EVER had a REAL job!  What a bunch of sorry ass losers
There are NO politicians that you can trust.  They are pure and simploy ALL LIARS.
@Smalltalkwitht why would anyone think they would do otherwise?  They are born terrorists hell bent on making everyone a muslim
RT @BethanyBowra: Why'd he get out of the car?  Maybe he cared about protecting his neighborhood like he was on duty to do.  #ZimmermanTrial
@Lockestep1776 I think this trial judge should have entered a directed verdict of acquittal since the state didn't even come close
Does the Muslim Udderhood worship cows?
Evidently, Trayvon Martin was a hot headed teen who enjoyed a joint or two
@MelissaTweets @bob_owens I do think this judge is on a mission to convict Zimmerman.  The state has not proven its case, however
Obama is sort of reminicent of Nero who fiddled while Rome burned:  Obama golfs while the world collapses around him
Why not let the IRS go after the terrorists in Gitmo?  They could scare the crap out of them
RT @SenTedCruz: Wishing a very happy birthday to 46th TX Governor, 43rd POTUS &amp; great American patriot, George W. Bush! http://t.co/J7hXBbz…
RT @ConservativeGal: obama doesn't really want the immigration bill to pass any longer...after all the election is over and it worked as a …
RT @ExJon: Odd to see a black president &amp; black attorney general claim the nation hasn't made progress on racial issues in the past 50 year…
Nancy Pelosi and her Band of Evil Flying Monkeys are still available for July 4 airshows - be careful about bringing young kids tho
@MyLegacyCoach ask Obarfo, he hasn’t got any.
@CottonAveSolon @HomerWhite I don’t think our “community organizer” ever organized anything
I think Sibelius should be elected a member of Pelosi's Band of Wicked Witches along with Feinstein, Boxer and Murry
I'm Barack Obama and I use Androgel everymorning at breakfast to make me the superstar that I am
I'm waiting for Michelle and Barack to be in matching bathtubs on a cialis commercial so that we know "he's ready when the time is right"
Next thing you know, Obarfo will be doing gold commercials like William Devane.  Will O be on his ranch in Kenya when he does them?
In Missouri we are saddled with McCaskill, buffooness of the century and no friend of Missourians
@TrucksHorsesDog @Honeywind11 Obarfo says whatever he thinks will gain votes at the moment.  Jackass of the First Class
I don't know why it's taken Americans over 5 years to realize Obarfo is not only dishonest but inept and self-absorbed
Gosh, Obarfo decided that he and the family wouldn't go on the planned Safari.  Why not?  No one believes anything he says anyway
Gordon Liddy was a thug and William Devane is just another kind of the same type. Why buy anything because of either
I guess William Devane is the new King Midas - who is the dope selling silver?
@BretBaier Watch special report everyday but it seems like two minutes of news and 5 minutes of the same commercials
RT @GeneMcVay: Barack is the big boss and commander but he knows nothing? How can it be? http://t.co/oBe3Eh2ttv
I'm looking forward to the fall of the Obarfo Empire - hope nancy and Harry fall too
@BretBaier There is NOTHING fair or good about Obamacare including Obama
RT @jjauthor: Milton Friedman: "Nobody spends somebody else’s money as carefully as he spends his own.” Proven everyday by government!
RT @BraveLad: For the record I want Holder impeached &amp; tried. In the process many others will resign, be impeached or indicted. #tcot #unit…
RT @jjauthor: Frederic Bastiat: "Government is the great fiction through which everybody endeavors to live at the expense of everybody else…
RT @yidwithlid: Obama Needs To Learn Money Can't Make The Radical Islamists Moderate: By Barry Rubin Can the… http://t.co/sMq6O0L18H
RT @f396: Special prosecutor needed for IRS misdeeds -- http://t.co/UzIpJ5cMiQ
"Boom! Sen. Ted Cruz zings Obama’s Texas visit with hilarious graphic" — (https://t.co/LAXklsSjmb https://t.co/eJoqjrLnrg)
@danaperino I never spanked my kids - my dad always got carried away and he’s gone but years later I have deep resentments
@VERNIVERN it’s too bad we can’t open the2012 election in a new window
Damn, Obarfo needs to be impeached, he’s just ruining this country with his Islamic leanings and communist philosophy
Bob Beckel believes every drop that come from Obarfo’s mouth
When Obarfo speaks I turn the column to zero or leave the room
No matter how much Obarfo talks, I stopped listening to him years ago
@Atlasshrugs @whitehouse @pcam Obama’s favorite phrase is “I, of course, knew nothing about that.”
@GeneMcVay Serious Liberal Under (the)Table?
Putin to Obama on the firing range “Barack, ve really could use a comrade like you, so take off your shirt and pull the trigger”
One thing Obarfo might be good at is running one of those ice cream trucks with the silly music - he loves to make noise and irritate people
Venezuela is out of toilet paper but Washington insists “We Can Help!”
@TracyAChambers When Holder says “I don’t know” he’s probably telling the truth because I think he’s a person of modest inellectual ability
If Anthony Weiner is running for Mayor of NYC can he be arrested for indecent exposure?
We haven’t heard much from Joe Biden of late, is he on a “time out?”
New Use for Prilosec:  When Obama speaks and you can’t hit the “mute” button
When Obama speaks you can presume it’s with “forked tongue.”
Every action that can legally be taken should make sure the Obama Administration fails and is sent home in disgrace
@Just2Opine Obama is also a narcissist and ego maniacal.  The man belongs in Chicago with other criminal politicians
Talk about stalking!  Obama has been stalking Americans for going on five years now!
Boehner is right:  Americans are tired of Washington’s arrogance of power - and Obama is the epitome of that!
Krauthammer is right - Obama is inept and incompetent - the man has never had a job- oh, well, community organizer
At this point I just hope the Obama Administration fails abysmally - it’s the only way people will understand the mistake made in his electn
Obama almost makes Clinton look like a human - geez, did I say that - well that’s how much I can’t stand this twerp Obarfo
@brettbaier Obamacare SHOULD be repealed and so should Obama! AT LEAST get the IRS out of the law
All I can think is that it's going to be a long four years with this creep in office and all his goofy sidekicks
I am here http://t.co/s45GSIMveQ
Obarfo needs to resign now and return to the land of crooked politicians.  He could be a counselor in a day camp for commies
I am here http://t.co/lBBjr4i24n
@TonyPhyrillas hope springs eternal
@GOPnews did Obarfo take credit for it?
God help the United States if H.R. Clinton becomes POTUS in 2016 - it will be as though an epidemic of sleeping sickness hit the US
Good job for Obarfo when he leaves to join other crooks&amp; liars in Chitown:  take Alec Baldwin's place in Capital One ads
RT @L5S1ouch: @1Dittlinger May is Military Appreciation Month! I'm joining @HeroEnergyShot in saluting our Heroes! Join us? http://t.co/DjS…
When you see Obarfo’s face come one the “tube” hit MUTE as quickly as possible to prevent Obamacid Reflux Disease
When will Obarfo Shut Up?
Where is Obarfo vacationing this week?
The question that every American will ask is "  "I wonder what the King is doing tonight."
RT @warnerthuston: Chris Matthews' brilliance &amp; repeated failed predictions about Boston bombing... http://t.co/BJ7zDfqu3w
Wouldn’t you agree that Nancy Pelosi is a person of Modest intellectual attainment - Very modest?
Obarfocaremust Go!  Now they are going to hire thousands and thousands of Obarfogators to help people understand Obarfocare
If they name a ship after Michelle it can be the USS Broadass
Why do they need to have all these silly-ass award shows?  Let these narcissists lick each others asses in a barn somewhere?
I think it would be very depressing if Hillary was the first woman president - but certainly better than BAO (Big AssObama)
A week from tomorrow will bea special day to honor Obarfo’s special “talents.”  Yes, it’s April Fools’ Day!
@wiskey1249 oh, geez, I must have missed something or maybe I didn't want to believe it
@wiskey1249 hey, Roger, who is Obama?  Did I miss something? I hear someone say he was president?
@InfidelAlie senators and reps should also be required to do this
@cgpb transparency?
RT @HomerWhite: (here come illegal payoffs) Obama Chief Of Staff: “We’re Going To Find The Votes” To Pass Assault Weapons Ban… http://t. ...
@YoungCons so very true
RT @YoungCons: Obama whining about Fox News is like a football player badmouthing the only cheerleader that won't sleep with him. - Greg ...
RT @GetsGreased: Does Obama fear that he'd lose his Obamabots if he took blame for ANYTHING going wrong? I don't think so. http://t.co/H ...
I can't believe Obarfo cancelled White House Tours because of sequester.  The people that give the tours are volunteers.
Obama is the first King of the United States since Garfield Goose's reign in the 1950s - I think the Goose had more sense than the new king
Since Michelle must now travel by Greyhound since sequester is in, they are developing a seat with a larger cushion for her
I guess Michelle will donate that $9,000 gown she wore "to the Oscars via the White House" to Goodwill?
So, now that we have sequester will King Barack stop deploying Air Farce One?, oh wait, how will he campaign for something without that?
@jane747 I was thinking Moon
@jane747 God only knows what it is they’re committing but I wish they would commit it elsewhere
Will Michelle be making her film debut during 2013?  Emphasis on the "BUT" part of debut
If Obama keeps raising taxes they can play "Hail to the Thief" when he's introduced anywhere
When Michelle "works" in her WH Garden she's really just telling the WH gardner "put that dirt here," "plant that there"
@dhrxsol1234 @BeforeItsNews Well, Debbie Was - a - Man Schultz is a Leather Freak and Crazed
@reaganpal157 @citizenwells I've said all along that Obarfo fomented this scandal &amp; became prez - he should reduce Blagos sentence
Obarfo tries to scare everyone with sequester; maybe he shouldn't be allowed to use Air Farce One to campaign
Every time I see that Obama is making a statement I close my ears - I don't like hearing lies and he's a master liar
@foxnews  I watch Fox News all the time so why don’t you consider letting watchup (an iPad app) add Fox News to its repertoire?
@foxnewshey, why don’t you guys get on watch up an iPad news app? We watch Fox all the time
So, It's President's Day  does that mean Obama goes to Hawaii for a week?
@wiskey1249 roger, your certainly correct - they would have to put in a modified seat for Boulder Buns Obama
I think the next vacation Michelle and the girls take should be on a bus - greyhound would be great.
There's quite a list of things Obarfo has probably hidden - he is, after all, a dictator in the grand fashion
This must be Michelle's 18th or 19th vacation since she's been "on the dole."
Hugo Chavez can't talk because of a tracheotomy - maybe Obama should consider this for himself - give that droning voice a rest
Like in most communist countries, all you need to run a country are a bunch of bullies and Obama leads the pack
We can always hope
Is it really true John Brennan is a Muslim?  I read he converted a few years ago while on assignment somewhere in the Middle East
If Chavez dies, Will Obarfo volunteer to take over Venezuela?  It could be the 58th State!
Another Day in the Obama Kingdon is well underway - what rights will be lose today?
RT @brady_cremeens: Obama, Biden, and Reid all stalled Bolton's appointment in 2005: http://t.co/LkEYUT8x So their hypocrisy on GOP/Hage ...
RT @chipwoods: I Think it is funny...no absolutely Hilarious that NoBama is pissed off... because no one wants Hagel as Sec Of Defense!: ...
@GSUNUPE bush likes being an American; obama hates America but loves power.
@GSUNUPE Obama is slowly but surely eating away at constitutional rights; he rules by edict; he has made a mocker of the US around the world
@GSUNUPE I guess you've had your eyes closed and your mind turned off
I'm glad I didn't waste time listening to our National Narcissist and Liar General. Pompous ass - he makes me sick
Obarfo hits the campaign trail again - thanks for spending more of our money Mr. twitt
Obama is on TV more than any pezin my life and I need double the amount of Prilosec to prevent Obarfo-reflux disease
Every time I think about Obama I get angry all over again that Americans exhibited such stupidity in re-electing him.
RT @RBPundit: George Bush waited 9 minutes after hearing of 9/11 and the left went bezerk. Obama did nothing, literally went to bed on 9 ...
RT @SoGoSwell: I'd like to respect the President but I'm a soldier. He left my brothers to die in #Benghazi then lied to their kids and  ...
RT @itsjustjill: BLACK DOCTOR SHAMES OBAMA ON NATIONAL DEBT WHILE OBAMA SITS NEXT TO HIM...http://t.co/jnvwint1 	MT	PATRIOTS! Watch this ...
RT @wilkie4: #CantFixStupid: Obama voter admits to Ohio Voter fraud on Camera.. Another reason WHY we need #VoterID #tcot... http://t.co ...
RT @DameYankee: We're not stupid: #Obama Did Nothing to Save American Lives in Benghazi&amp;Lied About It http://t.co/WWMLNPxo @TomCobur ...
@Norsu2 what about Illinois?  Several governors have gone to prison
@Herb_Slojewski I stopped listening to anything Morris said after the election - he was wrong about everything
Hurray! I have one of the top 10% most viewed @LinkedIn profiles for 2012. http://t.co/d92HkTZ6
Barack really likes the idea of being a king and ruling by edict.
@chuckwoolery @Mark_JekyllHyde so true
RT @chuckwoolery: @Mark_JekyllHyde according to libs you can only be a minority if you are willing to be a victim.
@TheToady great idea!
RT @TheToady: Al Gore describes the "vapor" escaping into the sky. This would be be immediately hampered by the closing of his mouth.
RT @ChasD3: In BHO admn there's staggering unemployment, flat-lining GDP, wasteful spending of r children's futures. Quick! look over th ...
@ArcticFox2016 Obama loves to pander - what a sick hypocrite
Barack believes he has been sent to save us from ourselves but who will save us from Barack?
Obarfo just makes me tired with all his droning and buffoonery. Go to Chitown Barack and be a martyr
I can't see Obarfo on the tube without getting this angry feeling.
There's just no other way to think about Obama:  Liar.  Narcissist. Dishonest. Muslim. Megalomaniacal would-be dictator.
@PedrosPodium I didn't know we had a president
RT @retiredfirecapt: Liberals are loathsome creatures.
RT @Asher_P_Fly: Most Americans R ignorant 2 the fact that if O's proposed gun-laws pass we lose more than #Gun-Rights! The perimeter wi ...
@Jenfidel @BreitbartNews that was by far the most disgusting, self-serving piece of crap interview
@Asher_P_Fly don't count on Obarfo looking into anything regarding our security
RT @Asher_P_Fly: I know Y'all have heard that old saying "Give em an inch and they'll take a mile"...apply that mindset to Obama's #Gun  ...
@theblaze a truly disgusting interview where the two of them drooled all over each other
One way to bring Obarfo down another notch or two is another negative court ruling holding his antics unconstitutional
The second worst type of show on TV is an award show where actors&amp; actresses drool over each other much the same as politicians
@toddstarnes @LibertyImages she is so full of CRAP
You would think Steve Croft might ask them about Benghazi, but no just let them suck up and drool
I have to sign off and get some Pepto Bismal (it make sick to take that stuff but not as sick as watching those two slobbering lib freaks
St. HIllary sitting at the left hand of Obama the Almighty!  Praising him and drooling over him
Obarfo to Croft:  "Yes, Steve, I love Hillary but not nearly as much as I love BARACK."
If both Hillary and Obarfo weren't such narcissists you might think they were having some sort of affair - cooing all over each other
@capricat22 no, if you watched you would have to take an anti-emitic
@ZekeJMiller @UCCowboy It is the mosT SICKENING thing I've seen in a long tim each of them is drooling all over the other
I had to leave the room with that awful 60 Minutes Interview with Obarfo and Hillary - what slobbering miscreants they are
Hillary and Obarfo are like Snake Oil salesmen in the Wild West!
Hillary said "we're professionals" as in liars?
If I've said anything positive about Hillary I take it back - she is looking upon Obarfo lovingly as the rest of need to puke
I think I'm going to have to leave the room and PUKE. This is pure BULLSHIT. THE ONLY truth is each of them is a left-wing radical freak
This 60 Minute interview with Hillary and Obarfo is  NOTHING SHORT OF DISGUSTING MUTUAL ASS-KISSING
Joe Biden is a Buffoon just like the President he seems to adore
RT @RedScareBot: Leninade soda RT @thrillsnapsfeat Communist until you get rich, feminist until you get married, and atheist until the p ...
@KathyLLogan my wife enjoys your books.
@MortalDEElight thank you, I was, admittedly having a brief lapse in judgment
I'm trying hard to think of something nice about Obama but those thoughts escape me, sorry
RT @divadoll123: Want to make billions? Sell global warming snake oil. http://t.co/D7GED2pm #TheEmperorHasNoClothes
I think Obarfo should go on a goodwill trip to Antarctica maybe starting in June for 3or 4 months&amp; take Carney with him
@PIRATECONURE a typical	Jackassian Obamamove
If they have to discuss the inauguration, please don't show clips of Obarfo talking
I just wish all these drooling news folks would shut up about this non-inauguration
National Archives Building to be transformed into the National Mosque
Obama issues Executive Order changing the name of the Washington Monument to The Obama Obelisk
So, no guns - no 21 Gun Salute for The Wondrous leader - 21 tomatoes will be hurled his way as those of us not there hurl in private
Prayer before the oath:  O Gracious and Devine Barack, Supreme Leader of the Universe, Where the Hell are You (mis)leading us?
@BarracudaMama who started this crap?
Will there be an imam to hold the Koran that Hussein takes the oath on?
Don't you feel sad for Obarfo and the First LardAssMichelle - only three inaugural balls. Why not have one in Kenya &amp; 1 in Saudi Arabia
Obarfo to take the oath in secret tomorrow. Public extravaganza on Monday. My TV will be OFF for the duration.
RT @movefearlessly: The best defense against usurpatory government is an assertive citizenry. ~ William F. Buckley Jr.
@ldhancock1 @Asher_P_Fly excellent point!
RT @ldhancock1: @Asher_P_Fly Why is Obama so gung ho on background checks when he wont allow 1 on himself???
@bzaz no, we didn't and that was a HUGE mistake. At least I voted the right way
RT @bzaz: Let's be clear: the ppl have ONE remedy: to vote the thug out. We didn't do that.
@lone_buck Amen
RT @Asher_P_Fly: Sharia Law is alive and well in Obama’s Middle-East as Al Qaeda fills the vacuum left in the wake of Gadhafi’s defeat…A ...
RT @DrHubaEvaluator: Houston Chronicle Op-Ed Says Health Reform Law Lacks Affordability http://t.co/rIf4JMKO
RT @IngrahamAngle: Mr President, there are tens of millions of children whose lives were destroyed in abortion, who never got to choose  ...
Obarfo comes on the TV the TV goes off. Can't stand seeing or hearing that narcissistic pi
Obarfo is taking Mrs. Obarfo out to dinner for her birthday - I guess that will effectively close that restaurant for the night
@ConservativeGal do you really think that will ever happen? I don't. Obarfo is the new "prophet."
RT @Asher_P_Fly: Their coming folks! Ali-Obama and his Forty Thieves will be bringing the “Chicago-Way” to a neighborhood near you; are  ...
RT @dlueking: RT @Kubu_1: FBI Teaches Agents: ‘Mainstream’ Muslims Are ‘Violent, Radical’ http://t.co/gS5wZN97
@AdamSchefter that movie has got to be a loser. Why would anyone waste money on it
Join me and vote Evernote for Best Mobile Application for the 2012 Crunchies awards! http://t.co/0854f2Lt #crunchies
@KHShan yeah but in reality the children will be paying for those lib absurdities
@USAlivestrong @CarterFliptMe if Obarfo would abdicate he could return to his "home town" and fix it.
Obama has been back from vacation at least a week - time to leve on the next one? Maybe a couple of weeks at an Afghan resort?
@endrunlv thank you, I appreciate that
@endrunlv No, I didn't realize it was a spoof and I do apologize.  In my haste to say something negative about it
I guess it's wishful thinking that Obarfo might flee to Venezuela when Chavez dies - we can hope though
RT @chuckwoolery: Eliminate armed guards for the President, Vice-President, and their families, and establish Gun Free Zones around them ...
RT @ObamaBash: It's so cold I saw a liberal with his hands in his own pockets.
@endrunlv bullshit. Obama takes care of only Obama. He is a liar and rotten to the core
RT @Doc_JJK: If guns do kill people, how does anyone get out alive at a gun show? #tcot
RT @RedScareBot: Say it ain't so RT @MTReber1911 I swear a communist sets the gas prices. #HateBuyingGas
Every time I watch the news and see the face of our commie prez I get that feeling of an imminent puke attack coming on
@terresamonroe I've never liked Facebook
I guess we could describe Obarfo as the great anti-American hemeroid BUT will Preparation H help to get rid of him?
RT @jjauthor: Liberals call living within your means “austere”, because they consider getting a job a form of austerity!
RT @jjauthor: It does not seem to bother O or any liberals that this short term fiscal cliff “fix” - really doesn’t fix anything!
RT @TheWrightWingv2: #WhyIsMyPaycheckLessThisWeek? Obama voters bewildered... werent Other People supposed to pay for Big Govt? #tcot #o ...
Al Gore is just another fat-assed, crazed, mindless and hypocritical liberal turdnik
Sandra Fluke is exactly the type of person the legal profession does NOT NEED MORE OF
RT @janie_austin: #WhyIsMyPaycheckLessThisWeek		Because of people like Sandra Fluke
@terresamonroe you've got that right - Obarfo is the nation's biggest narcissist
RT @terresamonroe: Obama releases pictures of himself getting news on Sandy Hook shooting http://t.co/PeZlZcDt It's all about him - Obam ...
RT @JammieWF: It takes a special kind of stupid to blame the Tea Party for your smaller paycheck today
@terresamonroe perhaps if they had Obamacare in Venezuela they could quickly rid themselves of Chavez w/a death panel
RT @DavesTPty: @Victoriaokane .. The Leaders are us, #WeThePeople, but we have abdicated our Power to Liars, thieves, fools, and turncoa ...
@CO2HOG @BreakingNews perhaps Obarfo should suspend his vacation to be with Brother Hugo
@ConservativeLA @greathairguy why would anyone worry about Sean Penn?  He could replace Hugo Chavez
I wish there was something positive I could say or think about this administration but I can't
@AskMarion jackass Obarfo just wants to keep spending and bullying
@KimbRothschild he’s such an arrogant liar and narcissist.
RT @KimbRothschild: Mr President talks down to Americans like they are children being read a story book, but the book is a lie . #Fiscal ...
@Lrihendry Obama is a jackass and liar. You can’t trust anything he says he will or won’t do. His main concern:  OBAMA
@rovibe71 yeah, they will. I can’t see how intelligent people fall for his bullshit and lies
Is Obarfo going to return to Hawaii to be with Lard Ass and the kids?
When I see Obarfo's face on the tube I have a near irresistible urge to puke
I hope all Americans can have a great new year in spite of assholes like Reid, Obama, Schumer, Durbin and others of that ilk
It should be clear that whatever action ultimately "saves" us - neither Harry Reid nor Obama should get any "credit."
Happy New Year Emily &amp; Allison!!
Happy New Year!  It's got to be a better year!
Obarfo fancies himself as a "new age FDR.  If there was a world war like WWII Obarfo would just surrender
Is LardAssMichelle still vegging on the American taxpayer in Hawaii?
Let Obarfo fall of the fiscal cliff and take those twits Biden &amp; Pelosi with him. No great loss for America
I hear some goofy people wonder if Obarfo can get a 3rd term by amending the Constitution. Are Americans that crazy?
If Pelosi fell off the fiscal life her heavily botoxed face might crack
What would happen if Obarfo fell off the "fiscal cliff?"  Maybe he would just bounce and kill a few others
I think Obama, Biden, Reid &amp; Pelosi should do a group sky dive from 30,000 feet
If there has to be a vote how about articles of impeachment to rid us of the narcissistic liar
I wouldn't trust any offer Obarfo would make - he's a consumate liar
When Harry Reid speaks it's little more than a useless brain fart
When I see that ugly, droning mug on the TV screen I am compelled to hit the "MUTE" button.
As Marine One lowered itself on the WH lawn, Joe Biden ran thru the WH screaming "The sky is falling! The sky is falling!"
Obarfo SUCKS big time. What a loser - go back to crime ridden Chicago
@alacop1
Will Obarfo stop off in Colorado for a few joints on his way back to D.C?  I mean doesn’t he deserve it?
RT @TheOtherRosie: @elarmstrong Republican babies are only dropped on our heads once, democratic babies are dribbled on their heads.
I don’t believe anything coming out of the mouths of anyone in Obarfo’s administration
Every night when I see the news I ask myself how Americans could have been so stupid to re-elect the asshole narcissist
RT @PAC43: Only in America could people who pay 86% of all income taxes be accused of not paying their fair share by people who don’t pa ...
I mean,like Jack Reacher is 6'6" or something ant Tom Cruise is like 5'1", a little pipsqueak
If anyone has read any of the books in Lee Child's Jack Reacher Series - how the hell does Tom Cruise get the role of Reacher?
@TMA189 @joedmaier What has Illinois' wonder politician done about that?  Yeah Obarfo
RT @FiscalCliffWOKV: RT @jamiedupree Boehner says the House passed a bill in August to extend tax rates, in May to avert sequester - wai ...
Does Lard Ass Michelle have another "garden" in Hawaii?  She's there long enough
@FBRASWELL @AndreW486 yes, I belive that; most ground beef is compressed kangaroo meat and lobsters are nothing but South African crayfish
@virgiemcguire14 @WindVelvet26 what are these tweets all about?
@policygal Because that's the only subject Obarfo is well-versed in
Does the State of Hawaii shut down Oahu when King Obamabama is there?
@MerrillMatthews @lheal They would have had an absolute shit fit
@ipodreviews2010 The democratic party
Does Obama bring a prayer mat to the Oval Office (on those rare occasions when he's actually in it)?
Mayor Blumberg's role in life is to provide fodder for Saturday Night Live
John Kerry is just another political hack that married into money and doesn't need to work so he has become a parasite
@CO2HOG Well, if he goes over the cliff  maybe he will die in the fall
@Daggy1 Yes, Nancy is the most hated and also one of the most stupid, what a buffooness
@JasonEscape Yes, the new Cabbage Patch Dolls are dressed to look like the famous Democratic Heroine, Nancy Pelosi
RT @USP_Compact: Limiting the size of gun magazines to combat gun violence is like banning certain 'vowels' because they are an element  ...
I think Obama's book "Dreams from My Father" was just a very bad wet dream
In my lifetime Americans have made two enormous mistakes:  Jimmy the Peanut Farmer and Obarfo the Radical Muslim Socialist
It's hard to maintain a sense of charity when there's a radical socialist muslim in the White House
@WashingtonDCTea Actually, I think it is more important to rid ourselves of Harry Reid - what a clod and worthless politician
I wonder what Joe the Buffoon does while Obamas are playing vacationers in Hawaii?  The presidential line of succession doesn't offer much
I think the founding fathers had a reason for making the term in the House of Representatives 2 years so why not limit terms ?
RT @electrify47: Ill bet if we randomly pick 535 people out of any phone book In the US they could run this country as good as the polit ...
@catwahler Thank you, Cathy
I can picture Joe Biden driving Little Oscar’s Wiener Mobile
Maybe Harry Reid and Pelosi could open a “Divorce Chapel” in some Nevada desert outpost to keep them out of D.C.
I think Harry Reid might make a good embalmer he looks sort of death-like
@FillYerHands but Home Depot doesn’t sell cars and trucks
Damn truck commercials drive me crazy with all the fake cowboy sales people and why are vehicle sales called “events?”
@wiskey1249 too bad we can’t dissolve Congress and vote no confidence on Obarfo.
I'm watching Huckabee #Huckabee @intonow http://t.co/Z4TFfLjO
My New Year’s Resolution:  Every time I see Obarfo coning on TV or radio I will hit MUTE. I won’t listen to this liar AT ALL
@AnnBarnhardt This is the ONLY reason unions get so angry at events such as the Michigan Right to Work Law
The only difference between Barack Obarfo and Jimmy the Peanut Farmer is that Americans were stupid enough to re-elect Obarfo the Liar
I would like to invent a bit of technology whereby I could instruct my television to “mute” automatically whenever  Obarfo  begins to drone.
Hillary C is suffering from CSAD = Convenient Situational Amnesic Disorder - common occurence in far left radicals
@jaciwin Yes, Obarfo has all these goofy notions about the “rich” swirling around in his unqualified head.
I guess Obarfo has left for his three week vacation in Hawaii, compliments of all of us.  He id what comes naturally - neglected his job
I'm watching The O'Reilly Factor #TheOReillyFactor @oreillyfactor @intonow http://t.co/6yMvbMa8
Has Obarfo departed on his $5Million family vacation yet?  I wish he would just leave and never return.
The White House speaks with forked tongue; I do not believe anything that anyone in the Obarfo administration says
Making gun laws stricter will have no effect on shootings like today's - criminals always manage to get guns regardless of laws
The World According to Obarfo is One Big Socialist Concentration Camp where everyone does the same thing at the same time in the same way
Obama doesn't need marijuana, he's already delusional
@LynnD_P It's good to see Congress is doing something worthwhile!
The thought of living through 4 years listening to Obarfo and his dim-witted V.P. is a sickening thought
I can't even stand to listen to Obarfo when there are "clips" of some speech.  His voice makes me want to puke
Obarfo thinks he has a “mandate.”  A mandate to do what?  I didn’t see a mandate as far as the popular vote went - to the contrary
@primermedia @boydston @BIKERBROTHERS @caviarprincess @Rezeptideen Thanks for the mention!
I hope Obarfo doesn’t get any ideas of how he wants to “rule” from Morsi in Egypt - or has he already?
@c_largoRN @TPOs_Favorites @RWBEagle @Reagan_Girl @IrishTea1 @Bitter_American @Sir_Templar @Patch917
I think Nancy Pelosi should try a trans-Pacific Ocean flight with her Band of Evil Flying Monkeys
The thought of 4 more years of the Great Droner is nauseating.  Chicago really needed him to round out its collection of lying politicians
Thought for the day:  Let's work towards ridding ourselves of career politicians like Reid, McConnell, Pelosi, Schumer, Durbin, Boxer, etc.
@brettbaier raising taxes on millionaires simply does no real good. They pay the lion share of taxes
Every day with Obama in office is like a day without sunshine
@LoriMoreno I guess no one told Obama about this
I think if a person has been in “public service” for 37 years, it’s time for him or her to GO HOME
Obama would have been the perfect host for that old game show “I’ve Got a Secret.”
@imsure Obama thinks he’s God - sort of like the Japanese Emperor of old
RT @ProudoftheUSA: Hey Obama supporters. We screamed from the mountain tops for 4 yrs. You chose faux #waronwomen and pandering. Neither ...
If Obama were at a Veterans’ Day event I was at I would leave.  He is the ultimate hypocrite.
RT @WJGBalderama: Obama's Win Is Israel's Loss http://t.co/3rdhX0AA via @BreitbartNews
Obama has established himself as a world-class liar. Couple that with his narcissism and you’ve got a SOCIOpath emphasis on SOCIO
I don’t think the White House wanted Petraeus to testify because it was afraid he’d be truthful - I will NEVER BELIEVE anything Obama says
I think Obarfo should take up polo - i’d love to see him with that silly little hat and big boots - ready to meet the Queen
The reason why Pelosi has “tunnel” vision is simple:  Too much botox
Joe Biden offered permanent role on SNL - a natural buffoon- wouldn’t even have to rehearse
Instead of drones we should use Nancy Pelosi and her bank of Evil Flying monkeys to scare the terrorists to death - no harm to civilians
Obarfo loves to think of himself as “commander in chief.”  Let him go to Afghanistan and lead the troops on horseback
Huckabee last night said beware when a Democrat uses the words “balanced” and “invest.”  The former means “tax,” the latter “spend”
The thought of four more years of Obarfo makes me tired - just the constant droning of his awful voice and his total narcissism
Executive Order changes office of the President to Office of Ayatollah
Criticizing The Holy One (Obama) now the crime of blasphemy - Class A Felony punishable by stoning in WH backyard
Obama planning public ceremony in which he will be officially deified 1/20/2013; First Amendment revoked.
Airline Czar announces nationalization of American Airlines - now called Jihad Express
The Catholic National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception converted by Executive Order to The National Masque - bakesale tomorrow
The new real estate Czar announces the sale of the White House to Comrade Barackski for 20 Rubles (yep, no more dollars)
The New Voting Czar, Nikita Chekit, announced we will now be a one party country:  Obamist Socialist Party. No need to join you’re a member
The new Travel Czar invites every American to sign up for tours to other Socialist countries!  As always, the government pays for everything
Now that we are living in a firmly entrenched social dictatorship, will the Cuban embargo be lifted?  Can we visit Cuba!
Oh,  Barack! My hero!  I always wanted to live in a socialist dictatorship country and you made it happen!
I think Obarfo wanted Petraeus to resign so he would spill the beans to Congress. NEVER trust Obarfo
All I can say is we are going to continue seeing job losses until Obarfo and his flunky VP are out of office so at least 4 more years
some people who need to get real jobs:  reid, pelosi, schumer, durbin, murray, boxer, mccaskill (damn, we have her for six more years)
I have no idea what the U.S. is coming to when it elects and re-elects the idiots that have proven themselves disasters
God help us if something happens to Obama during the next four years - we would have a huge buffoon as president, even bigger than O
I can't imagine what this country will be like four years from now with another four years of that narcissistic buffoon.
simply cannot believe that Americans care so little about their country  that they would re-elect this lying jackass president. DEPRESSING
@marlek9 I didn’t send it
If anyone got a strange message from me it probably wasn’t me. Changed password
RT @jjauthor: A major freeway in California is named after Ronald Reagan. After he leaves office, Chicago should name a dead end after B ...
Well, I’ll be honest - I think Obama is a guttersnipe, pure and simple - a vote for him is a vote against America
Americans continue to drool over Obama and his lies. . .oops, can’t say that, it will make Geraldo angry.
Gerald’s is upset because people are calling Obama a liar. . .so what should we call him?  St. Barack patron of “mental reservations?”
The die is cast:  Obama will lose the election.
Michelle bounces on her own enormous ass, hits WH ceiling triggering sprinklers &amp; Obarfo springs into action with Storm Warning
When Obarfo voted yesterday the only name on the ballot he recognized was his own so does he get to vote for himself more than once?
Obama and Michelle have flown enough in Air Farce One - when they return to Chicago in January se should give them a free bus ticket
It gives me a warm, fuzzy feeling every time I hear that Obarfo has gone down in the polls a bit more
What elections is the U.N. going to monitor here?  What a bunch of buffoons
When they find a sunken battleship from WWII they can christen it the SS (not USS) Barack Obarfo
Barack's Fictional Intelligence - There's absolutely no evidence there's anything between those Alfred E. Newman Ears
Obarfo's next self portrait:  "Reefer Dreams and Other Crazy Notions"
@LeslieMarshall Or how Barack Obama is just like Jimmy Carter or worse
RT @IngrahamAngle: Re Mourdock--If only Biden &amp; Obama were held accountable for their LIES and misstatements on Obamacare, "accommod ...
@EileenHart1 @YnkyDodl @IngrahamAngle Key word here is VOMIT!
RT @EileenHart1: @IngrahamAngle Only in a perfect world would that happen, Obama begging votes, begging to be believed in, vomit, RT.
How many times will Obarfo remind us he "gave the order" to kill bin laden?  Let's face it all the foot work done by Bush
Why is it when Obama talks he always yells - I don't think I can stand four more years of this buffoon and the other buffoon from Delaware
Obama says America is stronger? Yeah Right	Get Barack by pa nddering
RT @TraceyJMax: @GregWHoward Joe Biden is even scraping the Obama bumper sticker off his car!
RT @ResistTyranny: Barack Hussein Obama is the best friend Islamists and terrorists ever had: http://t.co/khXdM4ES #VoteYourValues #tcot
RT @pzharris: Obama needs a moderator's help to win a debate. Fortunately #mittromney can handle debating both his opponent &amp; the fr ...
So the King of Ketchup could be Secretary of State if Obarfo wins?  God, this would be disaster
RT @nf3l: PRESIDENT OBAMA:  WE BUILT IT, YOU BROKE IT, WE'LL FIX IT, YOU'RE FIRED!!!!!  		#TCOT http://t.co/for8tuMP
RT @Connectionary: @TheOtherRosie Indeed he did. Obama is little different than any other tyrant.
Maybe Michael Dukakis could drive a tank for the Syrian rebels
@tjholthaus if Obama is so sexy how did he end up with Michelle?
I don’t think Obama has the foggiest idea about foreign affairs -or the economy, or anything other than Barack Obama
@SonniAbatta He has to request a new appeal as part of his. Appeal
RT @623Sis: All You Need to Know on Libya: Obama Lied - The Rush Limbaugh Show http://t.co/X0NCQoac
MAD Magazine could probably hire Obama as a substitute for Alfred E. Newman - What Me Worry?
I've not heard from Pelosi lately - maybe she swallowed so much botox it paralyzed her arms so she can't talk
RT @JoeNYLaw: A vote for Obama is a vote against the survival of America
RT @HomerWhite: Obama trying to figure out what Romney is talking about. #debates
@Barbara4422 That’s Obama’s mother - really
RT @Barbara4422: Tell every Massachusetts friend to vote for Scott Brown, Elizabeth Warren is an extremist on the left, an Obama acolyte ...
As far as killing Bin Laden, Bush and others did all the ground work&amp; O just took the credit
RT @akgabriel: If Obama is not involved in security decisions, why should he get any credit for Osama Bin Laden's death?
RT @jjauthor: If you believe you must regulate America's caloric intake but not her borders, #YouMightBeALiberal
RT @trodabumsoutgrl: Take Nov 7 off work to enjoy kooks parading across TV, tearing hair out &amp; bawling over #Obama loss. Then U.S. w ...
RT @hbcampbell: We Must Replace President Obama - YouTube: http://t.co/PHYXVNL8 #Obama
O'Reilly invites Biden on the Factor but Biden is, I'm sure, afraid to do that
So this week Obarfo was mingling with some teeny bobber radio station in FL
Obama has been lying and deceitful his entire four year term.  Let's rid ourselves of him and his syncophants and return them to Cook County
I hope Romney is ready to kick Obama's ass in tomorrow night's debate - We need to get Rid of OBAMA once and for all- return him to Chicago
@RichNj5 in your heart you know I’m right. BHO is the first anti-American president. He’s a perfect fit for Cook County
RT @RichNj5: @elarmstrong lol. Sucking on the teat of FOX news too much,man.
RT @JohnKasich: What an incredible day. 5 stops, from Cuyahoga to Franklin Co, and hundreds of vols ready to make @MittRomney POTUS. htt ...
@RichNj5 rich, the only person Obama EVER helped is himself
RT @zypldot: #obama's mother (often) said, "[#Americans] are not my people!" - now we know where #obama2012 gets it from. #TCOT #TeaPart ...
@Dodarey normally would pay no attention to idiot Letterman
@LA_WriterChick that’s the trouble with these Hollywood types they think because they can memorize a few lines they’re intelligent
@GuitarHero1965 I heard Obama hired a small Iranian firm with a megaton of experience
@mundyspeaks she should have - did you read what that awful person did?  It was Texas I’m surprised they didn’t fry her
@lawyerspeak a true hero, Eric
@maxnrgmike Toto is probably a better fit for her talents
@RichNj5 no he just bows and scrapes to anyone, a real un-American president
@RedAndRational thank you and btw, I grew up in Chicago area - born in Chicago, but fortunately lived in DuPage County and not Cook County
I am surprised Obama isn't selling nights in the Lincoln Bedroom of the WH to raise money
@imsure @theblaze Martha Raddatz was preoccupied with her upcoming audition as a witch in a remake of the Wizard of Oz
@FillYerHands No constitutional requirement but when was the last non-attorney appointed?
@AmyKremer Sure he would have to from a practical standpoint.  He had to turn his license in Illinois in for some sort of ?? activity
Facing loss of the presidency could Obama appoint himself to the Supreme Court?  Well, he doesn't have a law license any longer so NO
RT @reshas: Obama Administration Abandoned Our Citizens in Libya. http://t.co/hiLR0AwO
Even if Joe Biden goes to the Wizard of Oz and gets a brain he will be a pinhead from that point on
RT @MEEchelleO: Slick Willy called Romney a liar. He's a expert on the topic, after gettin impeached for lyin under oath.	-mao	#p1 #p2 # ...
I hope the time is drawing near for Michelle Obama to "no longer be proud of her country" but to once again take pride in Chicago Politics
RT @FayeHamilton1: Is there some reason the taxpayers have to pay for Obama to do debate prep at a resort?  We already pay for a house f ...
RT @RedScareBot: Fools On The Hill RT @DragonForce_One Is there a creepier chartacter than the Marxist synchophant, David Axlerod?
@GOPnews Someone ought to work hard to exploit that idiot Axelass
RT @jjauthor: Q: Have you heard about McDonald's new Obama Value Meal? A: Order anything you like and the guy behind you has to pay for it.
RT @adkhermit: Contrary to Obama, the middle class does NOT expand the economy, it is the rich who invest their time &amp; money in busi ...
RT @jjauthor: If a Republican doesn't like guns, he doesn't buy one. 	If a Democrat doesn't like guns, he wants all guns outlawed.
RT @Jarjarbug: I listen and watch this repugnant man (@BarackObama's senior advisor) &amp; I know we cannot weather #FourMoreYears of @d ...
axelass, I mean axelrod is the product of parents who were members of the American Commie Party so why should he be trusted?
@wbconservative Why wouldn't Romney "exploit" the issue:  O lied to America once again.  The guy cannot and should not bes trusted
RT @jjauthor: And the intellectual center of the Democratic party is...? http://t.co/rjAhqckZ
RT @Miller51550: Romney A PATRIOT vs the DRUG USING,COMMUNITY ORGANIZER, FELON? THE '"unlikeable"' MITT ROMNEY??? http://t.co/oKnu6CRH
RT @NewsNinja2012: #BlackConservativesForRomney Obama thought he could claim ignorance on Benghazi intelligence..ppl this is huge..We we ...
Is it November 6 yet?  I guess not, I still hear the droning of the O
Joe Biden has been voted into the Dental Hall of Fame and made an honorable Member of the American Dental Association
Martha Raddatz once tried out for the part of one of the Wicked Witches in the Wizard of Oz
I would love to see Barack Obama riding on his Wind Driven Harley - that would have to be difficult - those wind turbines are heavy
@truckster1 Thank you very much
@RandiNaughton isn’t looking great for the Cards
RT @conservtivemom: RT @fredthompson: Sad to say, but what you saw last night was pure, uncut, unfiltered, undiluted Joe Biden http://t. ...
Maybe Obama and Biden could get a Chevy Volt dealership and put their lying talent to good use
@sav01 lol
@sav01 maybe if we toss Barack in?
@00_jackie especially the Muslim part
@sav01 yes but we need to get rid of some junk here and who knows, they could always float away
@00_jackie Yep
@wiskey1249 no kidding &amp; mowing the lawn around the Guvnor’s place
Why don't they put Biden on one of those shuttles that goes to the space station and leave him there - maybe he could invite Nancy &amp; Harry
@exposelibtards this visit counts as his connection with Netanyahu since Jon Stewart is Jewish, doesn’t it?
@wiskey1249 don’t we hope!
@wiskey1249 oh, it just a fantasy thought, Roger
@Chris_1791 I’m surprised that Joe didn’t refer to the Pope as my “Good Friend, Ben”
@wiskey1249 roger maybe the Clinton’s will do to O what they did to Vince Foster
@kyungai Audrey, long time, no see. How have you been?
@00_jackie yes see the photo of the Cub Scout den mother I just posted
@00_jackie that would be Obama’s mommy
I heard a guy on the radio this morning say that the big winner of last night's debate was Joe's dentist
Is Biden friends with Claire McCaskill?  They both suck up to the. Commie Prez
I think Biden was raised in a Scranton coal mine and those years in the dark have blinded him
When you come right down to it Biden has never had a job outside government &amp; that makes him almost as bad as Obama
I can't believe what an ass Biden was last night - mindless guttersnipe
@brettbaier I thought that aside from Biden’s rudeness many of his statements made no sense - tough to follow
RT @MarkSimoneNY: Why does each debate feature the Democrat making very bad faces while the other person is speaking? - they just aren't ...
RT @RickMoore: RT @PatrickRuffini: RT if you think Ryan won.
RT @YodaJediGeneral: "The middle class has been buried for the last 4 years" @vp Biden .. He meant that! He and #obama have buried us fo ...
RT @PorgieFirefight: The younger man was definitely the adult in the debate
RT @derekahunter: Really surprised how #Smug @JoeBiden was. If he were half as smart as he thinks he is he'd be twice as smart as he act ...
RT @HeyTammyBruce: Ryan's has been steady and clear, all while facing a laughing clown riding a drunk elephant.
RT @cat_1012000: #VPDebate - Biden - OMG this guy rambles &amp; I can't track him... sorry not sure what he's point is..
RT @MinuteMan1776: When @PaulRyanVP gets into the VP position, at least we know the office will be filled with competency, not buffooner ...
.@MittRomney will repeal and replace Obamacare with real healthcare reform. #RomneyRyan2012 http://t.co/dys2TqXL via @sharethis
.@MittRomney has a plan to achieve North American energy independence by 2020. #RomneyRyan2012 http://t.co/z74S7C0V via @sharethis
.@MittRomney will pursue fundamental tax reform--cutting taxes across the board #RomneyRyan2012 http://t.co/AI1sIKKh via @sharethis
.@MittRomney will stand up to China's unfair trade practices #RomneyRyan2012  http://t.co/L6pi3ObQ via @sharethis
Mitt Romney will approve the Keystone Pipeline, creating thousands of American jobs. #RomneyRyan2012 http://t.co/s4vylT7I via @sharethis
As MA Governor, @MittRomney balanced four budgets #RomneyRyan2012 http://t.co/np9rZkxY via @sharethis
Under @MittRomney, Massachusetts added tens of thousands of net new jobs. #RomneyRyan2012 http://t.co/xa3XhHHg via @sharethis
Bureaucrats - Not Doctors - Are Making Healthcare Decisions #CantAfford4More http://t.co/AGA89NHE via @sharethis
Under @BarackObama, the number of youth living with parents rose to 20.7 million. #CantAfford4More http://t.co/OxxpW68l via @sharethis
http://t.co/85ZW152j
Maybe, when he loses, Obama can get a role on SNL playing himself
I guess Obama was pleased that his buddy Hugo Chavez won!  Birds of a Feather, right.Chavez did endorse Obama
So, how does Obama get the idea that Romney's lying?  Obama's been lying for years and everyone knows it
RT @Turbothink: All Sara Lee outlet stores closing in November - Kodak laying off hundreds in November - YEP GREAT ECONOMY OBAMA
@ATHudd of course was sermon-Schultz is nuts all she operates with is a brainstem - allows her to do little more than breathe.
RT @dhrxsol1234: Obama so Loved the Poor, HE Created Millions More!! #tcot  #p2 #tlot
RT @AmyKremer: These democrats must think if they keep accusing @mittromney of lying long enough, everyone will eventually believe it. T ...
RT @FloridaJayhawk: If we help FIRE HUGO CHAVEZ today that will be one less Dictator friend for Barack Hussein Obama to conspire with. F ...
Obama lies to us so much he doesn’t think of it as lying but he sees everyone who disagrees with him as a liar
I hope Romney reduces Obama to cinder in the next debate
The Dems oppose voter ID cards because of the hugh number of votes they would lose if illegally registered folks couldn't vote
RT @NascarLenny: Obama continues to Lie to the American people! Media doesn't report anything that's important!
RT @VickiMcKenna: paul ryan to obama:  fire eric holder. http://t.co/2I6nslMC
RT @Moira1987: Since Obama won't have teleprompters to tell him what to say in the debates, his #lapdogmedia is now downplaying the impo ...
RT @PTBossMan: obama and the DEM-wits think job #1 is to take money then decide who gets it, just listen to him &amp; look at his record.
So Congress leaves on another vacation - I think many of them should consider taking a permanent vacation from Congress and getting a job
First there was "Dreams From My Father." Now there's "Dreams About Myself."
The perfect holiday gift:  Leather bound edition of Barack's Executive Orders on beautiful parchment.  $5,000 unless you want it signed
Al Gore invented the Internet; Barack Obama invented golf; Joe Biden - did he invent anything?
@NJCJE1979 Like all things in the Obama Kingdom, this is fiction
The classic movie "Shane" has been re-made to star Barack Obama; the new title of the movie is, of course, "Barack" all done by exec order
I'm surprised that the actual Obama hasn't hosted SNL yet
The modern Disney version of "Davy Crockett" has Barack  fighting side by side with Davy at the Alamo
I really don't think Americans would be stupid enough to keep Obama in the WH for four more years - Really
Obama says that it's unusual for him not to be among the top 5 most interesting persons in a room full of people - really? damn
Dem politicians all think the country needs them so they stay in D.C. 30 or 40 years; they are actually ruining the country
Obama's staff says he hasn't had time to prepare for debates - what about the time he spent fooling around with celebs? Jackass
Nixon could have been impeached for lying; Clinton was impeached for lying; Obama lies constantly and nothing happens to him
@WashingtonDCTea you mean lack of foreign policy?
Obama to meet with these folks in an attempt to convince their neighbors on hid candidacy http://t.co/aG4h0jAG
Now Joe Biden thinks he's on jihad - idiot
Dems say Obama hasn't had 3consecutive hours for debate prep - what about all the time wasted sucking up to celebs?
RT @KRMullins1964: There has Never been a President that deflected accountability as much as Obama! #tcot
RT @LawrenceLange1: "Oh, well that's politics" always said w/a smirk as if lying2 taxpayers &amp; electorate is somehow acceptable. IT I ...
@KRenner2 they’re afraid to appear on Fox because they’re afraid of the truth
RT @1SupremeGoddess: I am SO SICK of hearing the Lame Stream Media acting like Romney is already down for the count! WTH is it with all  ...
@TrstngGod in addition to being a Muslim Obama is also a jackass who thinks he is some sort of prophet
RT @WendyGAv: @Conservativeind They're Democrats.most of whom have make a career,living from  politics. They're  like used car salesmen  LOL
Gmail: l'email di Google https://t.co/Cga8QfZF follow me on megacloud
Susan Rice will Never resign - Good Obamaists NEVER admit fault - certainly they will find someone outside the administration to blame
Does Leon Panetta have any idea what he is doing?
@TIMENOUT A real waste of money - can Michelle squeeze a couple more trips in before the return to Chiago?
RT @irritatedwoman: Romney needs to stand up and say he's running against this administration and the main stream media. GOP establishme ...
@Paceset9999 @mistere7777 Yes and Obarfo doesn't think enough of the Prime MInister to meet with him in person - what a jackass
@miltonwolfmd @SenatorBoxer Does she know she will be defending her Savior, Barack?
Dems also produce enough hot air to fill enough balloons so everyone can drive one to work AND keep all of those wind machines going 24/7
Liberals produce enough human waste to heat the entire country so forget the war against coal
RT @FloridaJayhawk: If America gives up our speech rights to please Islam then we are done as a nation.
RT @ryanra: Conservative logic abt how bad BHO is will not work with ignorance. They can't understand logic &amp; will not hear it either.
Obama Campaign annonces it will spend October in Hawaii; if any world leaders want to talk they can fly to Hawaii
New Obama Regulation regarding Greens Fees - Free to those making under $250K per year
Obama to issue new regulations on how score cards should be signed by amateur golfers
SALE! Obama Czarships half price!  You tell them what you want to be Czar of - Spell it Czar or Tsar, your choice
If Chris Matthews isn't carefiul abouit these things "running up his leg" he might have a stroke or get bitten by a brown recluse
We simply can no longer rely on the media for supplying us with honest information
@Support I've reset my password every other day when you've changed it.  How many times will this happen - 3 or 4 times/week is 2 much
Obama fund raiser - buy a “Czarship”. for half-price but only till November 6
Obama bears shrinking resemblance to Howdy Doody or is it Alfred E. Newman?
Pelosi &amp; Reid form limited partnership - limited you ask? Well they are both persons with modest (limited) intellectual attainment
.@RoyBlunt as one of your constituents, I ask that you support H.R.6480 and S.3609 IRFA: http://t.co/bBtO0kiA #FairNetRadio
Obarfo told the girls on the View “I’m just eye candy for you guys”. What a jackass
@andyflyfisher they did resist, at least in the Fifties
Why don't they just toss that Iranian nut job out of the country .. .well, if he steps one  foot off U.N, Ground
Why do all the goofy celebs drool all over Obarfo?
RT @RBPundit: In 2008, an inexperienced community organizer was foisted on this country. #ImWithMitt because we need real leadership. Now.
@Miz_Eisenhower @PJMedia_com He better not try that kind of crap
@PHashion_Army iPad
RT @JoleneAL: RT @retiredfirecapt: Let me get this straight, Obama can't get his favorably ratings above 43% but he's leading Romney by  ...
Really, though, Obama is more like Wiley Coyote
Actually, Obama IS the BUMP in the ROAD or maybe he's the ROAD RUNNER
I apologize to all Fuller Brush salesmen for saying Harry Reid looked like a Fuller Brush man - I didn't know the company existed any more
Didn't Obama have a foreign student loan when he attended Columbia?  If so, how can he be president?
RT @preciousliberty: I consider it mind-blowing a guy named Barack Hussein is in our White House while we're at war w/ radical Islam. #i ...
RT @JosephAGallant: Obama economy is so bad, that Martha Stewart did a show on creative uses for food stamps!! @Tom_Kat_WigHead #TCOT #P ...
RT @JosephAGallant: Obama NEW Identity Crisis!!! o_O (Pic) http://t.co/uWNahj6d @Tom_Kat_WigHead #TCOT #P2 #TeaParty
RT @PaulineRevere: You need a driver's license &amp; SSN to sign up for a health spending account - doesn't that discriminate against ol ...
@LawrenceLange1 yes I agree and my comparison was based purely on the memory of physical appearance of one person long ago
@andyflyfisher well, it was purely the memory of a long ago person but you’re right, I shouldn’t insult them if there are any
RT @LaydiHD: Look, Bibi "I'm busy taping "The View" with Whoopie but ... http://t.co/4wFiOBnb
RT @FloridaJayhawk: Obama Democrats are going to let 30 million illegals vote so they can steal the election via the courts. http://t.co ...
RT @SpreadButter: ~RELEASE YOUR COLLEGE RECORDS @BARACKOBAMA #forward2012
RT @ATHudd: Obama has been President for 1.6% of the time since we declared independence. He has incurred 33.6% of our total debt.
RT @LyndaRamirez: Bottom line: anyone who apologizes for America and our values does not deserve to be President. Ever.
RT @MSchumacher: Harry Reid is despicable. +1  RT @uncommentari Harry Reid is despicable. Say it with me.
@carold501 AMEN TO THAT!
RT @THEHermanCain: Madonna promises to strip naked if Obama wins... For God's sake people, VOTE ROMNEY!! http://t.co/fapFtPkj
Obama told the “girls” on the View that he was “just eye candy for them”. What an egotistical narcissist
RT @Clickman8: OBAMA's ARROGANCE continues! O is so REGAL &amp; ABOVE the rest of the WORLD, he puts Wrld-Ldrs "On-Hold" while he campai ...
Chris Matthews is in need of electroshock therapy and heavy doses of anti-psychotic medication
@GlobalMonKahuna  Matthews is a psychotic jackass
RT @LessaT: Watching TV is not user friendly &amp; it's all advertising anyways : /
RT @RomneyRoadTeam: RT @dgjackson: Wow! What a welcome in Colorado. Incredible crowd. http://t.co/9aTv88Z5
RT @Wilfner: RT @CandiLissa: To all the people that keep trying to explain to me why Obama is so great.. Leave me alone. You're all Delu ...
RT @PMgeezer: Obama's TV Ads appear to be effective.  Just remember...he's had 4 yrs and he's failed!  Reelection means 4 more years of  ...
Harry Reid reminds me of a Fuller Brush man
If Nancy Pelosi were to be handcuffed she couldn't talk
@carold501 Would you be flying over D.C.?  If so I have some suggestions
@Kazport Obama is THE LIVING LIE - he's also a narcissist - oh and a community organizer
@mistere777 @ImpressionsofTX of course it is but that's all he's got but community organizing
@izzysroses @AlinskyDefeater Obama wasting time at the U.N. is just as bad as wasting time with those ditzy celebs he like to hang with
@airbrat77 lol, something like that
@airbrat77 @ericbolling Two Jackasses - or are they pee in a pod?
@izzysroses @seanhannity @KevinPriceLive He's such a jackass
Will Michelle O. head out for another vacation on us before January 20?
@AndrewLawton New car?
@carold501 Excellent observation!
@debsaun1 @PAC43 It will be a great experience.  I've only voted for one dem - a senator and he died several years ago
RT @debsaun1: For the 1st time ever in my voting history, I will vote straight Republican without blinking or giving it a second thought.
@Kazport Nevada has no income tax and Harry thought that meant he didn't have to file returns
Pelosi to Obama "Come Fly With Me"  Does She mean with her Evil Flying Monkeys?
@wiskey1249 yeah, he’s sure not worth that
@wiskey1249 roger I think the only way we can rid ourselves of this trodladyte is to bodily drag him out
If Nancy Pelosi clicks her heels together her Band of Evil Flying Monkeys will lift her up and take her back to California
Chapter X: Obama brings Chicago politics to Washington | http://t.co/7jlHdOiq http://t.co/ra0Mpfys
Chapter IX: The Arab-American network behind Obama | http://t.co/7jlHdOiq http://t.co/GWWhpKiT
Chapter VIII: Obama's state pension scheme | http://t.co/7jlHdOiq http://t.co/mQl3uKbf
Chapter VII: The myth of Obama as state Senate reformer | http://t.co/7jlHdOiq http://t.co/hZNNgDtr
Chapter VI: The poor people Obama left behind | http://t.co/7jlHdOiq http://t.co/9h4r5c2M
They can build Obama’s presidential library out on a platform on Lake Michigan and he can spend his days adoring himself
When Obama loses he and Reid and Pelosi can skip down the Yellow Brick Road looking for the man behind the curtain
Would Pelosi be mute if her hands were cut off?  The woman is an idiot
@HUMBLEBRU8 the video of this is available?
Carter described himself as a “nuclear engineer;”  Obama describes himself as a “constitutional law professor”  Similarities? haha
Obama gives himself high grades - Jimmy Carter says that he (Carter) is among the nation’s best presidents - will the outcome be similar?
Little Suzy can run a business better than Obama who has really never done anything to completion other than praise himself
@jhendo1 Yep, but many are fooled and what they don’t know is he doesn’t care
Chapter V: Obama's toughest critics on the Left | http://t.co/7jlHdOiq http://t.co/2rMa5mTP
Chapter IV: For the slumlord's defense, Barack Obama, Esq. | http://t.co/7jlHdOiq http://t.co/eoA6uDOh
Chapter III: The 1997 speech that launched Obama | http://t.co/7jlHdOiq http://t.co/Zy24AZKR
Chapter II: The myth of the 'rock-star professor' | http://t.co/7jlHdOiq http://t.co/YbtQUrRp
Chapter I: A childhood of privilege, not hardship | http://t.co/7jlHdOiq http://t.co/yALZksak
RT @Norsu2: Polls are skewed.... @owenshelton1808  When You Crunch the Numbers Romney is Actually Ahead!!  http://t.co/zSXV7FUN  #Romney ...
@Defiant1ForUSA Obama’s response:  “FORE!”
@Daggy1 Well, no, of course it doesn’t, they are important!
I simply do not understand how Obama’s ratings can be so high?? He’s done nothing but promote himself and his non-accomplishments
Introduction: The Obama you don't know | http://t.co/7jlHdOiq http://t.co/8tNndics
RT @toiletmaterial: What is wrong with Americans. How the hell did a man with the name Obama get to be president in the first place, esp ...
RT @galexygal: We Need A Real Leader, Or We Perish http://t.co/ihE3JSej via @WestJournalism
RT @eavesdropann: Via @reactionariez: WHITE HOUSE INSIDER: ” Barack Obama – The Butcher of Benghazi.” http://t.co/PYzRUEPw 	#breitbartne ...
RT @thebobbypost: HOUSE WITCH Maxine Waters Ethics Trial To Finally Begin Friday LET'S HOPE THIS ALLEGED CROOK GOES DOWN! http://t.co/3h ...
RT @f396: Obama Apologizes to Japan for the Atomic Bomb!  http://t.co/C9mM7WPp via @wordpressdotcom
@f396 ill bet Harry Truman turned in his grave when Obarfo pulled this stunt, what a sicko
RT @jjauthor: The so-called outrage over @MittRomney's #47Percent comment is completely Democrat and media generated!
RT @jjauthor: Simple choice: @MittRomney fixes things &amp; creates wealth. Obama regulates things &amp; redistributes wealth!
@Gop42012 yes and Garfield Goose was a good King of the United States
RT @jjauthor: @MittRomney is an unabashed, unapologetic believer that America is the Promised Land and the land of opportunity!
@EDinCali @YahooNews Mona Charen says Obama's views come from "an intellectual. . ."  I don't think of Obama as intellectual at all
RT @Paceset9999: RT @dwhite1979: As World Burns, Obama Parties with Beyoncé and Jay-Z. http://t.co/oINb10d6 But, can't meet with Israel  ...
@lizstrauss Obama doesn't really want to "share" values but rather impose values (his own) on the rest of us
@toddstarnes @izzysroses Like most questions put to Obama this one would also go unanswered
Omg this is so exciting! I cant wait for next ones! http://t.co/PNXUioIU
http://t.co/pWOqxxhT
Sweeet this is so exciting! Im excited for next ones! http://t.co/JFsxUV8T
@TheOtherRosie yes found out about that. I did change passwords.
this is so exciting! Too excited for more! http://t.co/DsqMAlaE
Remember the 50's song "The Great Pretender?"  It's Obarfo's theme song
That's not beer Obarfo is making in the WH basement it's "Dr. B's Magic Elixir - Cures everything and improves your golf handicap w/1swig
Wait until Dr. Barack's Magic Medicine Wagon Pulls into a town near you!
The thing about Obama that really makes him look stupid is that he never really had a job.  He has been a political hack his whole life
Obarfo calls Romney "a newcomer to foreign policy."  Like Obarfo is some kind of whiz at this-he's totally screwed up our foreign policy
Obarfo to Republicans:  "I'll work with you but you have to agree to raise taxes on the wealthiest Americans."
this is so cool! Too excited for next ones! http://t.co/e8ImxBgs
Omg this is so awesome! Cant wait for the next batch! http://t.co/JRG0EKwE
RT @BarbieKayB: There is only two choices in November:  FREEDOM or OBAMA. Don't kid yourself America our current President is a slick ma ...
I think we need to change things so politicians stop thinking that they "have a career" in D.C.  bull - go back and get a REAL job
You needed a photo ID to get into the DNC why can't you be required to show a photo ID before you vote?
I think Chris Matthews has total brain degeneration - it is a progressive illness - no pun of course
Chris Matthews was "all excited" during Obarfo's acceptance speech when he said "I am the President of the United States"  chill up the leg?
@lisarichards124 Obama says "it's a tiny country, why would you be afraid of it?"  Well, that's easy for a muslim like Obama to say
Obama says "If you are God fearing, you shouldn't be afraid of me, I won't hurt you"
Obarfo says he writes better speeches than his speech writers?  Really?  But no matter who writes he still DRONES on and on
Is Valerie Jarrett running the country?  It would seem Obarfo and Wife are under her influence
Obarfo tells Dems "If we elect Romney, all the progress we made will be lost"  What progress is he speaking of?
Debbie Was A Man Schultz needs brain replacement surgery
Clint Eastwood says "Obama is the biggest hoax ever perpetrated on the American people."  Yeah Clint!
RT @KurtSchlichter: .@Catfish20Haiku And Fluke is a law student. She isn't even a lawyer. She is unqualified to carry my bags. #caring
omg this is so awesome! I cant wait for the next batch! http://t.co/4BGSCCWn
This is so cool! I cant wait to do more! http://t.co/SMXtVMU4
@nikkiliciousTM Certainly has told us tons about Barack and none of it good
Sweeet this is so awesome! Cant wait for next ones! http://t.co/14eIL1Fl
RT @jantel11: LMAO! “@gopthinking: OH LOOK...Photographic evidence of Owebama attending Columbia University-&gt; #p2 #tcot http://t.co/y ...
Waiting for next week to get more!! http://t.co/Fgf4vQBD
@ellencarmichael @Wilfner I don't feel sorry for them at all.  They did this to themselves
@LSUJEFF @99BillyGoat  sorry about that, guess I got hacked.  I changed my p.w., thanks for letting me know
If anyone received goofy messages from me, I apologize, I was hacked.  I've changed my password now.
If you like the Jack Reacher series by Lee Child you may have to reevaluate since Child said Reacher was an Obama guy - BOO
RT @SteveKlein62: #DNCIn4Words 	Freedom? Nah, Free Stuff!
RT @JedediahBila: LMAO. @MonicaCrowley just said Pelosi and Reid have been in Washington since the dinosaurs roamed the earth. Love it.
RT @tonyzump: RT	Obama himself was a card-carrying member of a socialist party--"new party" signed pledge in 1995  he is a mirror image  ...
@Jan4USA I know but the pandering continues at record pace!
The one talent Obama has is PANDERING
@TheFlaCracker Don't forget, Michelle turned hers in as well
@JohnErrante Great cartoon
Obarfo is sucking up in New Orleans - those folks need to look at him and say "We can do SOOO MUCH BETTER!"
I think Joe Biden has brain damage
RT @AlinskyDefeater: I want a President that believes in America not one that expects America to believe in him. #ocra #tcot
Everytime I turn on news and see Obarfo I get sick at the though that he could be reelected and totally destroy this country
Maybe the IRS should check out Obama’s beer supply at the WH to make sure he’s not making so much he needs to pay tax on it
Everyone talks about Hillary and 2016 - please - if she won it would be four years of droning about super lib projects worse than Obama
It would be great if Clinton would get up there at the DNC and say he was for Romney
The Chicago Delegation to DNC is putting finishing touches on new voting booth - automatically changes all votes to the Dem candidate
The New Empty Chair for Asses Big and Small! Plenty of Variety in the Dem Party to Fill this
RT @prfekrdumbrella: Fron now on, The First Monday in September will always be #EmptyChairDay for this Conservative
@TPO_Hisself This link doesn’t load - what is it?
Is it true that Obama will be the first former president to build his library in a foreign country - Saudi Arabia? or maybe Kenya?
Since Obama has had little experience doing anything (including being prez) maybe he could be a custodian at the U of Chicago Law Sch-Mopman
These folks need new jobs:  Schumer, Reid, Durbin, Boxer, Feinstein, McCaskill, Was a Man Schultz, and that sickly woman senator from WA
I keep talking about Democratic senators who have been in office too long but certainly Mitch McConnell is a republican that should go home
Occasionally, John Steward says some funny things; Bill Maher is never funny and needs to live in Sweden or Norway
The PPH of F will shortly have two members when Obama is inducted.  This is the Poor Presidents’ Hall of Fame- Jimmy is waiting!
Barack says Romney has given no information about what he intends to do - What has Barack EVER told us about anything including himself?
Obama is unable to make one constructive statement about his record and the situation in which the country finds itself - he needs to GO
@sav01 Well, then you remember, he was the first King of the United States - Obama is the second and is trying to make it a permanent
@LaydiHD I’m hoping your predicition is right!  I could not stand four more years of Mr. Narcissist - nor could this country
DOWNLOAD How To Use Evernote: The Missing Manual http://t.co/IuGd1Pp5
I took over the Guru title for A Bold Fresh Piece of Humanity from @tamictr on @GetGlue! http://t.co/G7ODpxs3
This is so cool! I cant wait for next ones! http://t.co/pKKXtype
Sweeet this is so exciting! Excited for more! http://t.co/s22rEgQC
@KOSMOSNET yeah, Ole “Chrissy” has lost his mind - or was it the thrill running up his leg?
RT @KOSMOSNET: Chrissy Matthews can dish it out but he can't take it http://t.co/Jzd4QOkX #tcot  #tlot
RT @jjauthor: Sowell:"..sad signs..is that we have demonized those who produce, subsidized those who refuse to produce, and canonized th ...
@jjauthor Ricky Nelson had a song in the 60s “My Bucket’s Got a Hole In It”
RT @maxnrgmike: @ColorMeRed Wow you breathe air other liberals could be using to save the planet with? DOUBLE RACIST!!;-)))
RT @jjauthor: #Obama_Bumperstickers: “A million people attended O’s inauguration – but only 12 missed work!”
Remember Garfield Goose thought he was King of the U.S.  sounds like Today’s King Barack of Chicago
Sweeet this is so interesting! I cant wait for the next batch! http://t.co/9BTJIk3c
This is so interesting! Cant wait to do more! http://t.co/SZANtgGC
It would be great to have a First Lady like Ann Romney in the WH.  I don’t think Michelle even spends that much time there
RT @WI_Majority: RT @NathanBenefield: Pennsylvania would do well to follow Wisconsin's lead | http://t.co/1xrmoaHQ #pabudget #papolitics ...
@FunnyStuffEver That’s exactly what Obama is trying to do
When the subject is Barack Obama, Juan Williams simply cannot be rational - he’s so in the tank for Obarfo
@kolbeng They are just small-minded little twerps that think they are important because they are in “the movies”
No wonder Obarfo hangs out with the “stars” - he’s a nutty as they are but the sad thing is they are not important, he should be
Hollywood is so screwed up -  but, hey,it’s in California, what can one expect?
I just saw that another Hollywood Freak - Ellen Barkin - put a curse on the delegates to the Rep. Convention - what an ass
@1anobody Thank you
When Barack returns to Chi Town after losing to Romney he can open a Muslim Bar - “Hussein’s Headless Bar”
Obama’s newest Czar - The Monument Czar - has a team in place to add Obama’s face to Mount Rushmore!
@IndyEnigma @blkwid713 Barack betrays everyone
RT @jjauthor: DRUDGE: “Press caught sleeping…” When not stumping for O, sleeping is their normal state of awareness!
RT @USAHipster: We'll all be wearing clothes made out of newspapers if Obama is re-elected. Vote 4 #RomneyRyan2012 #london2012 #olympics2012
RT @jjauthor: Remember, Ronald Reagan, was the candidate Democrats were hoping to run against. How did that work out? Answer: perfectly!
RT @EJM421: Seems the Democrats are forgetting which party actually had the biggest negative impact on medicare. $500B stripped to fund  ...
Maybe Harry Reid should take early retirement in Death Valley - it’s close to home
RT @dhrxsol1234: Harry..Yoo Hoo ...Harry..Yooooooooo Hoooooooo==&gt;Mitt's tax returns http://t.co/5bXgWnBp #tcot #teaparty #teamRomney  ...
@chelseytacky good for you!  As I tell students, more is not always better!
RT @irritatedwoman: RT @gabby_hoffman: If you want Sen. Jim DeMint (R-SC) to be the next Senate Majority Leader, RT this! #tcot #Resist44
RT @PolitixGal: #IDontSupportObama because Forward actually means Backward in Obamaspeak - taking U.S. back to dark ages of high unemplo ...
I think it’s very important to get rid of those who “would have ‘careers’in politics.”. 2terms for a senator 4 for rep in the House
RT @BettinaVLA: Mayors Attack Christian Chick-fil-A, Not Muslim Business Owners Who Oppose Same-Sex Marriage | http://t.co/HozcGxfI http ...
@frank_lawson there’s nothing he has done that deserves support - he’s returning the country into something it was never meant to be
RT @OldBob47: You and I are paying 50 cents more per gallon of gas than we should be just so Obama can get the donations &amp; votes of  ...
A perfect “theme”song for the Obama Campaign:  “Oh Yes, I’m the Great Pretender.”
I hope everyone remembered our Fearless Leader’s birthday yesterday!  Should he be “Our Dear Leader?”
I was wondering if David Axelrod ever finished high school?
The only way Obama can claim any success is by “rating” his failures - those failures lowest on the list he will tout as “successes”
Executive Order 21567:  All American families limited to two children; must receive muslim education; each family to receive same income
Hey, kids, you should become members of ObamaYouth - well you have to become members - he’s issued an executive order commanding this
I’m surprised Obama didn’t want to make a speech at the opening of the London Olympics - oh wait, he doesn’t like Great Britain
RT @conserv_chick: This is a scream!! A bowling alley in ClearWater, Florida got to see this haha! http://t.co/l0ClSgzA
@Tom_Francois this is a technical term familiarly called “The Obama Method of Incredible Deceit.”
I just upgraded my computer to Infinite Storage with Bitcasa! Find out more at http://t.co/7SC5YNhU
Currently reading Michelle Obama's Trips Cost Taxpayers $1 Million http://t.co/fN2xFFqX
HootSuite http://t.co/NzLqzd8A
Another Day in ObamaLand - A Dangerous Place to Spend Time!1
@ThinkTankNinja from st. louis, great, so am I
Is community organizer another name for garbage man?
So, a good business for O would be a hot dog cart on State Street. - he has extensive experience as a hot dog, but that’s it - GO BARACK
After Obama is defeated in November, he should ask Congress to give him a few million to start a business -isn’t that what gov’t is for?
Extreme liberalism such as Obama &amp; his thugs practice is a form of psychosis. They all need serious psychotic meds
Obama sand his goons are already spinning that Romney is distorting what O said about people that started successful businesses
http://t.co/clTHI2dp
RT @alc965: It's not racist to require an ID to vote... It IS racist to assume minorities are too incompetent to GET an ID
RT @JoeSixpackSays: PERMANENT WELFARE now OK! No need to "work" for your supper anymore, thanks OBAMA! Can I get Food Stamps with that?  ...
@ryanra THAT Harry Reid
Obama uses Executive Order to extend his term to 2016
RT @fauxbamalies: Any?  All!!! @jjauthor: The left-wing media will run nearly any story that takes the attention away from O’s dismal ec ...
RT @TheRickWilson: I'll say it again to my media friends: it's not that the Obama camp thinks you're liberal. It's that they think you'r ...
Joe Biden could play an aging Boy Wonder Robin in the next Batman sequel
@ryanra one reason is Harry Reid (who should also be removed from office)
@kesgardner this shouldn’t surprise anyone after almos 4 years of this communist official
RT @ryanra: Obama Ends Welfare Reform As We Know It - http://t.co/FbkDWqhd WHY IS BHO NOT BEING IMPEACHED AS WE SPEAK? WHAT'S HOLDING GO ...
RT @Kerryepp: "Obama is a dangerous man. He has convinced millions of Americans that they are entitled to the fruits of another man’s la ...
RT @jjauthor: If O-care was a good thing for most Americans, would it take 16,000 new IRS agents to enforce it? Just askin!
RT @newtgingrich: Obama's suspension of workfare requirements is almost certainly illegal, a sign of the jobs failure, and a reminder ho ...
Obama has spent the better part of his term lying
@blcamp and the decision will ALWAYS BE that you owe a fine - these folks are never to be trusted
RT @blcamp: Only in America does "health care reform" start with hiring 16500 IRS agents who will decide whether your policy merits a fi ...
@LibertasLogos With a president like we have it’s no wonder we are losing - he talks big but he’s a wimp
@traditionalbill nobody in high office
@LeslieMarshall well, Leslie I’ll go out a limb:  Mitt Romney; Repubs in Senate; Repubs in House. We can’t afford Dems in control
RT @BoxAndSend: One reason @barackobama will never see a second term! #America expects better from a United States President #NoBettingO ...
RT @Pamela13USA: http://t.co/yEEg6GP4. For every Mosque built in our US Cities, is a US City conquered by Islam.
@brandootr maybe holder could help you there
If Condi was the VP choice all we would here is stuff about Bush. Shes said she didn’t want it
@brandootr LOL yeah, but you forgot the golf
RT @marklindesr: I want a VP candidate that makes the left go batshit crazy
@brandootr WOW! Impressive but I guess I still won’t vote for him
@Kerryepp BINGO!
RT @Kerryepp: Obamas strategy is simple: buy votes.demonize repubs.class warfare.intimidate.lie.deceive.distract. cheat on election day! ...
@KatyinIndy I think it might have been in a bottle of something
@JonathanQDoe gee, what did I do to you to make you so angry? BTW, perhaps you should clean yourself up a bit and use some deodorant too
@CSteven I think his father got that at birth - it would account for several “missing links”
@seanagnew there are several things that should be problematic for those hippies
@preciousliberty no one ever said Barack was rational though
RT @CO2HOG: Stephanie Cutter: A Liar Or A Fool http://t.co/w3Bg4yA4
@CSteven oh, we’ll I guess he could still have the other procedure done. I heard he was suffering from a “mood disorder”
When Jesse Jackson speaks he must use some foreign language because I can’t understand a thing he says
@CSteven another good observation. I think his son is in the hospital. Having space inserted between his eyes
@CSteven Astute observation. Btw, Jesse’s eye are too close together - that must mean something
RT @CSteven: "Al Sharpton &amp; Jesse Jackson are RACIST buffoons PLAYING the black community" http://t.co/priUHkQc #LNYHBT #tcot #ocra  ...
@DrBobParsons bob, that’s interesting because windows can sure be a pain and I use a lot of google products
@tjbabyboy my mom is dead. You’ll have to contact the White House and maybe they will service you
@JonathanQDoe you want to see my birth certificate?  Sure I have no problem with that. I’m not running for prez though
@chance_esp he was a Jew
The next tale that will come out of the WH Press Office is that Obama was an Eagle Scout but couldn’t enlist because he was a Quaker
When the Obama’s do go camping they take a staff of 600 to take care of their every need.
The Obamas have decided they will spend part of their annual six week vacation camping in the north woods
@GOPLeader afraid that won’t happen until we rid ourselves of the promise-breaker-in-chief
@weeklystandard All veterans have to be ashamed of is the Commander in Chief
@cfleury Someone has to let them know he doesn’t give a damn about them - only about himself
RT @cfleury: No Pander: Romney Makes Free Enterprise Pitch to Black Americans, Slams Obamacare http://t.co/70Y0MzOU
Watch MasterFake Theater with Host Barack Obama
RT @MicheleBachmann: RT @GOPLeader: The President promised that if you liked your healthcare that you could keep it. We now know that is ...
When Obama talks about “Dreams of My Father” they really are dreams - pipe dreams.  What a phoney
@pyre8 This is why Obama tells nothing about himself that’s true - he’s an imposter, a fake
@pyre8
@pyre8 Obama’s mother,really
@paphotog yes and the MSM ignores it - idiots like Andrea what’s her name on NBC or MSNBC
Every time I think about Obama’s lies and the fact that he managed to get elected even though he was not born in the U.S - really angers me
Biden is especially dangerous - he has a loose mouth and a pretty much empty head - you can hear the marbles rattling if you get close enuf
Most libs don’t realize Obama had to turn in his law license to avoid an ethics investigation - he’s an accomplished liar
@exposeliberals I can’t vote for an OBAMA
@retiredfirecapt There’s a whole list of them that need to be GONE:  Reid, schumer, durbin, murray, boxer, feinstein to name a few
@MinuteMan1776 There is no doubt about that.  She’s got her head so far up Obama’s you know what she can’t even think
I think Romney does need to demonstrate to Blacks why Obama is NOT their friend - he’s using them like everyone else
@kolbeng I certainly don’t base any decisions on them but I would like to see at least one of them be honest
The libs want to keep minorities victims - this is how they control
@MinuteMan1776 Claire is like all politicians - especially the libs, she’s only thinking of re-election.  We need her GONE
For the life of me I cannot understand why Obama’s approval numbers stay so high?  The African American voter group could not be that strong
@jjauthor no he would just deny he ever said it
Obama’s not a Communist, he’s jus a regular socialist. (sounds like something Joe Biden would say)
As LBJ would say: “Don’t spit in the soup, we all gotta eat!”
RT @jjauthor: The danger to America is not Barack Obama, but a citizenry capable of entrusting a man like him with the Presidency!
@FloridaJayhawk Obama says “What, Me Worry?” just as his idol has said for years
RT @FloridaJayhawk: Voting present is easier than saying "who me?"
Obama needs to issue a 30 year moratorium on himself
RT @CarterFliptMe: #Repeal ObamaScare!! Put Big Brother down! Vote out anyone who supports Big Government takeover of your health. #p2 # ...
RT @RedLugh: Some Americans are socialist, just like Obama #teaparty
Was-a-Man Schultz is a CBDLF!
Obamacare helps no one but Obama in the long run or short run. More taxes less care
@DrBobParsons is the Google Chrome Book a regular laptop or a tablet?  What are the specs?
RT @MinuteMom: Mark Levin: Obama's new tax plan is to raise taxes on EVERYONE by 2014, regardless of income http://t.co/uDkKOO4g
RT @littlebytesnews: RT @dhrxsol1234: Bumper sticker: I'll Pay for Your Contraception when You Pay for My Ammunition!! #tcot #gop #sgp # ...
RT @slkeeton: @GregWHoward Yeah, I love that obama's half-brother is appearing in the anti-Obama movie. Summer just keeps getting better!
@Libertarian_76 tell her to use FedEx or UPS
@conservfeed they ARE NOW
@Carolde you mean John Sunnunu?  He laughed at her and told her she was out of touch. It was great!
@momus1978 why, was the cardiologist the other guy?
Wouldn’t you love to see Michelle tearing around Washington in the Batmobile!  To the Batcave!
RT @TexasRV: Gingrich: President Obama must tell ‘grotesque lies’ to get re-elected  http://t.co/H0C6HzoG
RT @NatalieDuvalNY: Not Good: Is MO GOP Candidate Brad Lager Financed By Stimulus and O-care? http://t.co/f6RbkgUu #tcot
@Blood_of_Yeshua he’s having his eyes moved further apart so he doesn’t resemble his father
RT @DlorenDarnell: RT @ExJon: If Obamacare considers you a child until you're 26, you shouldn't be able to vote until you're 27.
@pir8gold Yes! People need to know this. There are as many as 20 other taxes hidden in that farce of a law
RT @pir8gold: reminder OBAMACARE: includes a 3.8% sales tax on your home #tcot
@Freedom4USnow someone said her name is actually “Debbie Was a Man Schultz”
RT @TennConserv: Dems Renew Attacks on Romney's Money - Yochi Dreazen, National Journal  ||  He has it ... they want it!
just integrated my EchoSign eSignature account with Twitter http://t.co/0fpIre6b
@BreakingNewz Obama will take credit for new jobs!
RT @BreakingNewz: Drudge Report - REPORT: IRS to hire thousands more agents to collect new health care taxes...: REPORT: IRS to hi... ht ...
RT @ResistTyranny: .@BarackObama is too embarrassed by America to ever lead the country: http://t.co/Vbxwgtji (H/T  @Carolde) #p2 #ofa # ...
RT @Kerryepp: This should convince you to vote for Romney!!! &gt;&gt; http://t.co/I619t9aa
@Resia37 you’ve got that right!
@Resia37 only problem with that is it takes too long AND then there’s Harry Reid
RT @SusanDadamo: 'Impeach Obama' Message Displayed On Alaska Construction Signs By Hackers http://t.co/WOHyd9Qk
RT @jjauthor: #Obama2012slogans: “What you see – is what you’ll get!”
RT @TheOtherRosie: When OUR president, #BarackObama, is able to trade OUR tax dollars for campaign donations, that's illegal. It's calle ...
Wasn’t Joe Biden an “extra” on Captain Kangaroo?  or at least a fill in for Mr. Green Jeans (oh, wait that was Gore)
RT @jjauthor: Catherine Rampell: “At a campaign stop in Poland, Ohio, O urged voters to take the long view…” It’s the “long view” that w ...
RT @jjauthor: Remember – these weak economic numbers are as bad as they are – even after O made his “adjustments” to them!
@capflowwatch If that’s true, some drivers could end up on O’s “Kill List”
@ruhanirabin Just think what it will be like under Obarfocare - battle of egos
Biden asked O to trade his Hoola Hoop for Biden’s Slinky
Obama really doesn’t need advisors - just a pen and printer as he reels off executive order after executive order
@SteelBackbone Yes, and the cabinet breathes a sigh of relief that they have not had to listen to the monotonous drone
O’Reilly is in the “No Spin Zone,” Obama is in his own private “Spin Zone” where his mouth is constantly spinning more bile
Given Obama’s “extensive” experience in the community, I can truly see him driving a musical popsicle truck with a trail of kiddies behind
RT @blakehalltexas: Obama: Most People "Would Acknowledge That I've Tried Real Hard" http://t.co/4FSssCGx ... but an Amateur is an Amateur
@The_Q_is He has no personal experience beyond himself and that’s no experience at all - so he bores the rest of us with his endless drone
RT @jjauthor: The Navy Seals removed one threat to America. It's up to us, the voters, to remove the other.
@The_Q_is Yeah, an he’s on the tube so much we are constantly reminded by his narcissistic arrogance
@The_Q_is More like 42 months!
Pelosi’s Evil Flying Monkeys to vacation in Obama’s Bat Cave - bats and  monkeys can’t reproduce, can they?
@CDNnow Narcissistic arrogance
Another thing about Obamacare that pisses me off is that Obama and Congress have their own medical plan - no death panels for them
@unicornmajik I signed this but, like all this other political stuff, I doubt the Great Dictator will listen
@jilevin Seems like a good message to me!  To bad there can’t be a $10,000 fine for voting for him
A day without Obama is like a sunny, spring day with everything going “right.”
@mark85nh Just go to Laura Ingraham’s website and she had these shirts available in mens’ and womens’ sizes
@JasonGraziadei I can totally understand that, what a way to destroy a perfectly good summer (and a perfectly good island)
On January 21, 2013 Shoppers at K-Mart will hear the voice of their beloved ex-president:  “Welcome K-Mart Shoppers!”
@JasonGraziadei Really, it’s just a nasty rumor  - sort of hyperbole to demonstrate O’s hypocrisy
In the remake of The Dirty Dozen just mentioned, Lee Marvin’s role will be played by Chris Christie; Biden is the comic relief
Remake of “The Dirty Dozen” to open this summer.  New cast featuring Harry Reid, Nancy Pelosi,Dirty Durbin, Slick Schumer and Joe Biden
Obama decided it was not politically advisable to spend summer vacation on Martha’s Vineyard so he’s rented a 25 room house on Nantucket
Glagolitic has 14 years to go in prison but he should share that time with some members of Obamakingdom
Gee, it’s sad Obama has to travel on that Canadian O-Bus One
Imam Obama would agree with the Congressman from Indiana about the public schools and the Koran
RT @airbrat77: Questions re OBAMA Debbie Wasserman Shultz - give us a break on "shadowy" We don't even know who Obama really is.  He doe ...
The entire Obama administration is a tax - it taxes my patience in every way
@adamsavader if Obama signed it would be even more worthless and when has a a law ever stopped obama
@KurtSchlichter that’s a mighty big IF. If he was I would hope he stayed in the rat cave with the other Obama rats
@Cyberrat1776 I keep hoping that’s the case
Poor new citizens had to listen to The Droner tell them about his exec order version of the dream act
@Christianc93nd I wasn’t able to open the link you sent and I really am not sure what it might be about.  Happy 4th!
Sadly, “hope and change” is a new form of cancer
This will be a good 4th of July - the Great Dictator is, I think, out of the country pandering to Europeans for money for his campaign
An Army of Youth bearing the standard of truth, we’re fighting for Barack our KING, head lifted high, commie action our cry and blabla
@weaselzippers She spent her own allowance on $1,000 sneakers and a mink bra, so that’s all she could afford
@mamacooks Just consider what’s between those botox rich ears and you will have your answer (the botox seeped into the cramial cavity)
@catsune Barry should return to Indonesia, one of the places of his youth - or how about Kenay- it’s nice in the Summer
Obama to visit some Aztec sites in Central America - as he ponders human sacrifice
Laura Ingraham’s website has “Blame it on Obama” T shirts for sale
RT @KatyinIndy: Notice to employers! If you have to cut staff due to Obamacare, check your parking lot for Obama stickers! #tcot #gop #t ...
Chief Justice Roberts is supposed to be so smart but his reasoning in the Obamacare thing is simply faulty, he screwed us
@BruceDunn1 Always useful at Halloween
@tjholthaus If that’s what it takes, bring it on, he won’t know how to handle it
Obama will ride into Washington on the back of a two hump camel proclaiming himself as God’s messenger - will he then live in a tent?
@nickpie67 yeah, and look how the government handled that matter (controlling gun running)
Chris Christie today said to a reporter at a press conference today “What’s the matter, are you stupid?  I said on topic questions”
@seanagnew don’t forget Barack Obama whom I hate
@nickpie67 It’s kind of complicated but basically, if we ratify then there is effective gun control among other things, of course we pay $$$
@rightwingertoo Kenya, the president’s homeland!
The Senate better not even think of ratifying this new Obama mechanism for gun control
RT @TexasAgape: The Libs have their Communist Pimp 4 the UN &amp; New World Order; we have guns let's see who wins!
Pelosi will be on “America’s Got Talent” because her hands can talk faster than the speed of light though there’s no actual thought there
Grace L. Ferguson World Airways used old DC-3s and bathroom scales (for luggage); Pelosi just has a band of Evil Flying Monkeys
Obarfo won’t even be in the country for Independence Day because that’s something he’s against
@keitht1225 That’s what the Islamic fascists use to make bombs - stuff around the house
RT @Leslie_H20: Hooray, Governor Jindal. "We will not implement ObamaTax in Louisiana... It's not free...These federal dollars are our t ...
@kevinboyd1984 Joe’s a moron?  What ever gave you that idea?
@Paceset9999 You got that right!
RT @Paceset9999: RT @Daggy1: We've wasted so much time arguing the Obamacaretax.... and Obama got away with doing nothing about unemploy ...
@Pamela13USA Yes it is - Obama will be 51 so he better be careful or someday he might be damned by his own edict
@GOPnews I don’t think Romney can afford to keep saying stuff like this - SCOTUS said Tax, use it against O
@FirehouseMike Thank you very much!
@FirehouseMike I was sure you were a GOOD one!
@BruceDunn1 the ones with the turned up toes?
@americankeith I love it!  She’s another crazed bulldyke leather freak!
RT @joebobtexas: "@Pudingtane: Why is Obma so impressed with Clooney and the celebrity crowd @elarmstrong" He's all about fluff and none ...
RT @RealSheriffJoe: My deputies arrested four more illegal aliens  and seized 236 pounds of marijuana near Gila Bend.  Read more here:		 ...
@Pamela13USA What about people even older?  The will be appearing before “Death Panels”
@FirehouseMike Good Evening!  You don’t look like the infamous Michael Moore
@LiberateTheUSA But she would be melted and all that would be left would be the ugly (but expensive) clothes that she wears
@bcass41447 That’s certainly another possibility
I can see Chuck Schumer and Dick Durbin selling snake oil on the back of a horse drawn cart
A few hundred years ago, they would have burned Pelosi at the stake as a witch or at least given her that dunking treatment (torture?)
I’d love to see someone throw a bucket of water on Pelosi and hear her scream “I’m melting!!!!”
Obama loves to play that song from Camelot “I wonder what the King is doing tonight”
@blkwid713 well, part of him is like them:  He lives in a fantasy world consisting of MONEY and VOTES
RT @DAF2009: @Pudingtane @elarmstrong because he's a nothing and they make him feel like a somebody
@onlnsurfer There sure is nothing elite about most of those Hollywood morons
My big question about Pelosi is What happens when the Botox wears off?  Will the Evil Monkeys be able to take her up, up and away?
Not enough folks will give Obarfo money here so he runs to his frog friends to get it - why not just stay there it’s closer to Mecca
@blkwid713 No, they have lots of what he wants: $$$$
George Clooney may be a nice guy but he’s being moronic as are many of his Hollywood cronies like S.J. Parker - true buffooness
@Pudingtane Excellent question - all of those folks are persons of modest intellectual attainment - they just have money and O wants it
@Norsu2 Yes, he is all of those but he NEEDS TO BE LOUD about it - so it can get through those elephant ears of Obama
Someone said Scalia would be 78 - he was born in 1936 so I think that’s wrong
Why does anyone even care about Tom Cruise, he’s even less valuable than Obama and that’s pretty worthless!
Quo usque tandem abutere patientia nobis, Obamasam?
RT @welshman007: Pamela Geller: "This makes Nixon and Watergate look like a prank" http://t.co/diRgL5Lt via @examinercom #FastandFurious ...
@MonicaCrowley This is Obamagress - the antithesis of progress
@GaltsGirl I remember I was 23
@janoid He’s 1000% right, what a bunch of dumb stumps
It’s pretty bad to think our entire government is based on a LIE - those 535 in Congress are consumate liars - then there’s one in the WH
I sure hope Rangel gets dumped, 22 terms, that’s an outrage and even after ethics violations - and people are tried for lying to Congress?
Romney needs to get his ass in gear and fight this crap.  It’s a tax because the Supreme Court said it is…just listen to the Dems, Mitt!
To bad we can’t just take an Alka Seltzer - plop, plot, fizz fizz, oh what a relief it is to be rid of Obama and his gang of THUGS
So, Roberts didn’t want to overrule Obamacare Mandate because that would be judicial activism?  Spare me, please
@tjbabyboy you should check over what you've written for grammatical errors, buttwipe
@HomerWhite they need to tie those hands behind her back!
RT @KurtSchlichter: The more I hear about John Roberts, the more I think he's a wuss. #caring
New executive order:  10% additional withholding tax to fund O’s campaign costs - NO EXEMPTIONS
Obama issues executive order making the National Cathedral a mosque
Prescription for Obama’s diarrhea of the mouth:  Duct Tape (large roll daily)
Tax Until You Drop (Barack); Shop Until You Drop (Michelle)
If Obarfo is reflected look for coin slots on all toilets and on doors of churches (except mosques)
Of course the SCt justices can flip flop or anything else- their jobs are secure for life &amp; their true colors show forth over time
Why does anyone give a rat’s ass about that conceited ass Tom Cruise?
@tjholthaus don’t insult the dingbats!
@TonyPhyrillas doesn’t surprise me
Obama campaign is selling “legal birth certificates” just tell them what state you wanted to be born in and it’s DONE
Obama nationalizes West Virginia and seizes all coal mines ordering them turned into “green theme parks”
Obama signs Executive Order convicting Romney of treason and orders his immediate execution
While whitewater rafting with ex prez Clinton, Obama was heard saying “tip the canoe and Clinton too!”
Once everyone realizes Obama is a dictator, he will feel more comfortable about having the military work around HIS house at 1600 Penn. Ave.
Next thing O will do is sign an executive order making Mexico the 51st state or maybe declaring that it’s really part of New Mexico
As Americans, we should sign a “populist order” expelling Obama and his world shopping spouse from the White House come January 20, 2013
One of the great advances in the electronic world is the “MUTE” button - without it there would be endless Obamanian droning to listen to
Maybe Obama is going to Europe to campaign because he can get a crowd to cheer for him even though many may not speak English
So now the “great orator” is going to peddle his socialism in France where it will be appreciated by all the European socialists
I’ve always wondered why all the goofballs in Hollywood drool all over Obama and others of his ilk?  Makes one not want to see movies
Joe Biden has taken a job in summer-stock theater - he has a non-speaking part as a court jester in Camelot - can he keep his mouth shut?
Can you picture Obama “saving money” by cutting the White House lawn himself - new John Deere riding mower for the Prez
Michelle O decided since the “big Court victory” she would spend EXTRA time on her next vacation in Seven Star Private Resort (on us)
Looking Obamathugs in a more humorous way:  The more hair Axlerod loses, the longer his nose becomes and the more confused his thoughts
Whatever the deepest meaning in the Obamacare decisions might it will certainly be above the intellectual ability of the obamathugs
I keep hoping there is some hidden code in what Chief Justice Roberts wrote in the opinion on Obamacare
@CobaltBlue2009 I think the Botox leaked inside her brain and stiffened it
Why all the hoopla about Tom Cruise’s divorce?  Who gives a rat’s ass
@HomerWhite Don’t forget about his side kick Barack the Terrible (president, that is)
RT @HomerWhite: Islam has been deemed a religion in US. When questioned, Holder sends team from DeptofJustice to defend political entity ...
Oh Gracious and Divine Barack, Supreme Leader of the Universe, have mercy on us
@CFOCoach Golf and fund raisers for Obama
@AlinskyDefeater I just don’t know why people can’t see through this buffoon’s idle chatter
@JENin140 Or MSNBC
Getting married?  Be sure so cancel plans for a big reception and send the money you would have spent to Obama’s campaign!
Remember, any money you’ve been saving for Christmas should be given to the Obama campaign!  Talk about money wasted!
Theme song for Obama:  “Oh yes, I’m the Great Pretender”
I cannot understand how Obama’s numbers stay as high as they are!
@OBAMA_CZAR It’s hard for Obama to see this since he thinks he’s God
I think Obama should read the “Help Wanted” section of the Cairo newspapers.  Maybe they will be looking for a new “leader” soon
Every morning Obama says this prayer (to himself) “Barry, Barry, quite contrary, how does your war chest grow?”
@thehill That needs to STOP now, we can’t let this jerk be elected again!
McCaskill is mad that Obarfo won’t campaign for her in MO so they are sending their star speaker Joe Biden! Goodbye Claire!
For Obama, nothing ever changes - everyday it’s either golf or fund raisers.  What about the economy Barry?
Orrin Hatch won in Utah and Charlie Rangel in NY.  I like Orrin, but 36 years in the senate? and Charlie, why do those idiots keep electing?
@TheDancing0ne thanks for the follow, Kyle. I followed back
@wiskey1249 Hey, Roger, how’s it going?  Are you running for office yet?
@rusty5158 You’re right about both parties being crooked - I’m tired of all these “career” politicos!  They need to get jobs
@rusty5158 Oh, oh, Rusty you want to read my Tweets?  I guess I get all fired up too but I need to stay calm
@gretawire He’s just getting part of what he deserves!
@rusty5158 Rusty, of course I remember!  Things just get hectic then they cool off and…you know
@rusty5158 Hey, Rusty, how’s it going out there?
Aw, Claire McCaskill isn’t going to the DEM Convention, that means extra days in MO - We need to be RID OF HER as well
The past three and a half years have been “Operation Slick and Slippery”
@TheDancing0ne It’s pretty revealing but of course Libs say Ed Klein is a liar?? He did write for the NY Times
Where did anyone get the idea Obama was “brilliant?”  He’s slick but not smart AND he’s from Chicago (this month)
I’ve been reading “The Amateur” and if I didn’t already think O was an asshole, there would be no doubt about it now.  He’s NOT brilliant!
@DonutWithAHole You’re only saying that because you are embarrassed by O’s absolutely disgusting behavior!  Can’t wait till he’s gone
RT @Hardline_Stance: Mark Levin: This amnesty that Obama did the other day is lawless, unconstitutional. It's not 800,000, it's more lik ...
@NJCJR1979 of course it’s wrong but I think that’s the way things are
@LeslieMarshall Sandusky’s life won’t be very long in prison
If Pelosi doesn’t quit waving those arms around shell be dropped in flight be her Evil Flying Monkeys
RT @sheriffjim: It's time for another round of "You might be a TacTard if…." http://t.co/y3CnKfl6
@TheWarEvent you’re right about that - it’s why we are where we’re at
RT @welshman007: Justice Antonin Scalia READ his dissent today in AZ case. Very unusual. He was outraged by what the others did. Dismant ...
@VFW91 unusual in every respect but what did you expect from a peanut farmer with a taste for Billy Beer?
RT @dphaw: Folks, this is what progressivism is. Constant chaos &amp; rule by dictate. It's not what this country was built on, it's not us.
In my congressional district we are not represented because of gerrymandering by democrats. There’s a Black Dem that inherited his seat
I am approaching the position that I oppose multiple terms for congress (both houses). We don’t need 30 year leeches!
@OneVeritas well, those members of Congress who consider Congress their “career” have destroyed it’s credibility
@borgiagrl666 LOL sorry I didn’t see that, but I agree totally about the POS &amp; the ugly wife
@borgiagrl666 who is POS?
@panamabob2012 Ok, that’s fine.
@WoundedtoWork My hero! Hopalong Cassidy - when I was about 4 I had a Hopalong Cassidy outfit.  I asked for a horse but didn’t get it
@kimcormack “Shark Boots?”  Is this a book you wrote?
@panamabob2012 No Lib here, Bob.  It’s just a personal opinion - I don’t look at her as either lib or conservative.  Just don’t like her
Will Obama try and change the 22nd Amendment by Executive Order?  I mean he’s done so many other things!
@tcw62 Stanley Steamer, Orkin and many others - PEST CONTROL CENTRAl
I am surprised Obama picked “FORWARD” for his motto and not “WINNING” (like Charlie Sheen the loser)
The next thing you know, Obama will want a presidential (or should it be ROYAL) yacht
RT @CO2HOG: David Brooks: Obama’s use of executive privilege politically ‘stupid,’ ‘a winner’ for the GOP http://t.co/beTVYJfj
Obama could star in a remake of Chaplin’s “Little Dictator” but it could not possibly be a silent film with Obama in the lead
@MaryPCC2 Yeah, I suspected that fat ass to be planning another holiday on us - Another 5 star hotel?  Air Farce Two?
I like Juan Williams but when it comes to the subject of Obama, he just doesn’t think clearly - poor Juan
@pepper_10 Kirsten is one of those typical Obamaites who can simply not admit that he’s totally wrong for this country
Obama has totally let the Black community down, why do they keep supporting his efforts to become a complete dictator?
It will be a real shock to the Dictator’s ego when he has to MOVE OUT of HIS house next January
If there was a little more time left before elections someone could begin impeachment proceedings against Obama, that would be patriotic
Kids are supposed to ask “Santa” not to bring them presents but instead make donations to Obama’s campaign.  This is pure crap - he must GO
I saw something on Hannity or O’Reilly last night that Obama is asking families to forgo vacation and donate the money to his campaign
RT @crowlandfisher: “@Architekt010: executive priveledge is what cowards cling to. #Holder”		And the Guilty!		#NObama2012
RT @TexasXeina: Trent Cowdy! New blood,  unleashed .,,&amp; un-jaded !  Thank You!! Let er'rip....
@sav01 if somebody takes Pelosi seriously, we’re all in deep doodoo
RT @Carolde: AMERICAN people are fired up,,,,have you had enough? WE need #Mitt to bring civility back in our country
RT @KatyinIndy: @barackobama Executive Privilege on Fast &amp; Furious - he just took the 5th Amendment to not incriminate himself @ABC  ...
@kesgardner e yep, he definitely should win! I watched him say that and it was great
RT @Jiffy_Jimmy: @Vote4Wallace it's time Obama was charged with obstruction of justice
RT @jjauthor: If you believe buying a 16 ounce drink should be illegal,but buying a a 2 liter bottle of soda with food stamps is ok, #yo ...
RT @jjauthor: If you believe kids can’t have bake sales or lemonade stands, but they can read MY 2 MOMMYS without parental consent- #You ...
RT @jjauthor: If you never feel shame for taking from others without their permission – #YouMightBeALiberal
RT @jjauthor: If your associates are Rev. Wright, Prof. Bell, Saul Alinsky, Sunstein, Ayers, Van, Marshall, Trumpka, and Soros, #YouMigh ...
RT @jjauthor: If you think it's okay for soldiers to be drug tested but not welfare recipients, #YouMightBeALiberal
@1SupremeGoddess This fact should surprise noone after almost four years of his idiocy
Obama has changed the official designation from EXECUTIVE ORDER to EDICT
@GreatHairGuy LOL, yep
I think Adrea Mitchell has been hanging around Alan Greenspan too long - her mind has turned to liquid
@CO2HOG Biden is out of touch with the world
RT @WeirdReport: John Kerry's $9 mil yacht. Nancy Pelosi's $23 mil Napa Valley Winery. Al Gore's $10 mil Malibu Mansion. Dems helping th ...
RT @coyotered9: Holder lied, lied again, followed by Holder lies, repeat...over &amp; over &amp; over...VOTE  YES ON HOLDER CONTEMPT @GO ...
@HomerWhite Obama doesn’t have vision about anything
RT @ToddyLittman: .@BarackObama Thus you claim to be above the Law of the Land, and the People themselves, "transparency" is a term lost ...
@JohnSWright49 Lol, well can’t change that
@JohnSWright49 Outstanding!
RT @SwiftRead: http://t.co/sIBJ1Sp3 BREAKING! #StopRush’s Own Illegally Tapes Call, Exposes #OFA Soros, Van Jones &amp; 500 Auto-Account ...
@dlb703 Probably both
@DanaPerino Maybe Bob should get back to D.C. so he can advise Obama on what to do with Holder
@seanagnew As you should!
@toddstarnes I’m amazed that Juan said this.  He’s so taken with Obama he can hardly breathe
RT @toddstarnes: Juan Williams on Executive Privilege: "It doesn't look good for the White House."
Disney World announces the formation of “ObamaLand,” a constitutional monarchy (the constitution written by Obama)
Obama will issue an Executive Order that the 4th of July is no longer to be considered Independence Day -
I can hear Obama saying to Biden “Joe, I mean Robin, to the Bat Cave!”
@craigcarroll Should we be somewhat happy he even worked for two days? The man’s a buffoon
@PolarCoug We used nails in his coffin?  That’s not very “Green,” is it?  Should have used wooden pegs with Elmer’s glue
@seanagnew You should get extra points for being blocked by that ass Olbermann
Where did Jarrett come from?  She’s just another Chicago political hack - no experience - oh, that’s why she fits in!
Obama, use Executive Order and send Holder’s ass go GITMO
Obama says “I’m not above the law I AM THE LAW
Obama says:  “After 900 Executive Orders and I still haven’t been proclaimed King?”
@deputy627 Well his ass ought to be kicked out
Why did Obama wait 8 months before invoking this privilege.  According to Holder, Obama wasn’t even involved
The entire Obama Regime must  go, they are a disgrace to everyone in this country
When Bush used Executive Privilege on the firing of U.S. Attorneys, he had every right to fire those attorneys, they serve at his pleasure
RT @AlinskyDefeater: Liberals are very tolerant . . . of everything they agree with. #ocra #tcot #tlot
@TheWarEvent Yes she was and quite unattractive as well
@Ginaschreck you have drawing talent I have that app but I can hardly draw stick men
@Kerryepp what was written were all lies and I think the WH got quite a few not so nice comments
Maybe Eric Holder should seek refuge in Tierra del Fuego
@Kerryepp I read that White House Staff quietly removed the Obamian comments
@vibora_volando That’s great!  The man is too funny
@Architekt010 LOL
Was Janet Reno really from the Twilight Zone?
@Architekt010 Whatever happened to Janet?  I heard she was driving a truck to make ends meet
They miscast the Scarecrow in the Wizard of Oz - It should have been Harry Reid but could the Wizard have fixed his non-brain?
@vibora_volando Right!  How did you know?
Disney World has a new attraction:  “Mr. Biden’s Mysterious Island”  Where you will find all manner of oddities
When Obama sails on his presidential yacht it’s Barry and the Pirates!
@Forbespaula You’re welcome but I wish the subject were truly funny and not just insane
If there were really a Gilligan’s Island Obama could land there and be king!
Can you imagine tree hugger Al Gore throwing his arms around Obama’s head and smothering him?  Talk about GREEN
Follow @LaCucinaVolante if you’re interested in good food, wine and culture!  It’s my daughter but no politics!
@Architekt010 they share the same brain - it’s “green!”
@LaCucinaVolante be not afraid the end of a nightmare is at hand, Em, seriously, how are you doing?
It’s too bad America couldn’t have followed the Dems advice, taken the “morning after pill” and been rid of an awful administration
@Forbespaula Thank you for mentioning that, I do appreciate it even though it was a long time ago
Obama’s cabinet and czars have this stream of unconsciousness
@LaCucinaVolante Em, that’s been since 2008 and many of those are “retweets”
@Forbespaula Yes, I did know that - I just had a thought, maybe Obama has boobs where his ears should be?
@Forbespaula Impeachment takes too long.  But I don’t want anything to happen to him then Joe would be Prez
It was a dark and stormy night and all Obama’s men were gathered around him when one of his gang  Axlerod stood up and said “What me worry?”
@Forbespaula Imagine what they will do if that moron is elected again - people need to understand what he has done!
@Forbespaula We need to put Valerie Jarret in a Cave with Nancy Pelosi, her Evil Flying Monkeys and Nancy’s friendly but blind bats
@LaCucinaVolante  Hi Em, thanks for following me!  I’ve seen some of what you’ve posted!   Great
Obama’s closest staffers:  “The Dirty Dozen”
Wasn’t that song “I Wonder What The King is Doing Tonight” about Obama?  At night, secretly, he dons his crown and looks in the mirror!
@140elect You want to reelect Obama?  Geez what a tragedy
Do you think Obama would try to sell one of our states to Saudi Arabia or one of his favorite Muslim countries?
RT @jjauthor: #Obama2012slogans: “We’ve got what it takes to take what you’ve got!”
RT @jjauthor: #Obama2012slogans: You earn it, we'll spend it."
RT @jjauthor: #Obama2012slogans: "Why work - when you can just vote Democrat!"
RT @Dianykinns: What the Campaigner/​Complainer-in-Chief has never understood or refuses to abide is that he is the servant not the mast ...
@phippsjm yes, very valid point. We just don’t need him.
@toddstarnes this provides an excellent reason for Obama to return to Chicago and practice his true profession:  Community Organizer
@jjauthor well, no, he’s also planning  a 3 week MULTI-million dollar family vacation
@jjauthor don’t forget 97 rounds of golf at roughly 4hours each
@jjauthor hell no!
@misenber01 of course, that’s why it’s there but the point remains that Congress, collectively, is a liar
RT @jjauthor: A government that is strong enough to give you everything you want is a government strong enough to take everything you have.
RT @wagagolfer: Ppl upset about reporter asking Obama question--they say the office should be respected!  If Obama doesn't respect the o ...
@wagagolfer excellent point!
RT @jjauthor: The Stimulus &amp; the green energy fund were just two of O’s ways of circumventing campaign spending laws!
I was happy to hear about Roger Clemons - how can you be convicted of lying to a bunch of professional liars?
RT @Jarjarbug: Barack Obama is MORE THAN EMBARRASSMENT for @TheDemocrats .... he is the death of them! #tcot @GOP #inde #DrreamAct by #E ...
@dlueking yep, this is just bullshit from a dictator
RT @jjauthor: How is President Obama doing reviving the economy? One word: Solyndra!
RT @jjauthor: American mission: Promote free enterprise, ltd govt, individual freedom, traditional values, &amp; a strong national defen ...
New Cable T.V. Show:  Shopping With Michelle - How YOU can spend thousands of dollars in seconds and have someone else pay for it!
RT @JeromeEHudson: While there are many great dads out there, America has never been more fatherless than she is today. We must do bette ...
Obama MUST go, Chicago needs his type more than the country needs anything about him.
I can’t wait til Obarfo returns to Chicago to be with others of his ilk
@JessicaChasmar That is scary
RT @HomerWhite: Eillen_for_LIberty: There is absolutely no reason why a communist should be in our government making laws for a 'free' p ...
RT @astroterf: Obama's message of divide and blame http://t.co/2yRoXnwP #cnn
@AmberDonn God, don’t wish that crap on us - it will come soon enough with all the queer announcers that go with the season
@ThePlumLineGS Couldn’t possibly be any worse than the crap Obarfo has done to this countyr
Joe Biden’s hair plugs were donated to the Smithsonian - they are in the same case as Archie Bunker’s favorite chair
RT @USA_Patriots: We need a leader in Washington, DC.  (preferably one that doesn't eat dogs)
Barack and family are zooming around the world in Air Farce One today - they will celebrate Faters’ Day in Kenya with a family picnic
RT @thegre8_1: While the Obamas are in Chicago for Valerie Jarrett's daughter wedding someone change the door locks to the White House # ...
Judge Jeannine can shred a cord of firewood in second with those choppers!
RT @GACoastPatriot: Blog: If We Took the Constitution Seriously, Obama Would Be Impeached: http://t.co/cwrrcEDF
RT @wizard001: If Barry played professional football he would be the WIDE DECEIVER!!!!
Barack will host The Great Mideastern Camel Spitting Contest this summer
Jimmy Carter is going to do a commercial for Billy Beer during the Democratic Convention - he’ll be riding a donkey while sipping a cold one
RT @Pont2007: If the Fuhrer Obama gets in again, he will, without a doubt, force sharia law in all 57 states. #ImpeachObama #Nobama #tcot
Isn’t Jimmy Carter (peanut farmer turned president turned inter medley) going to supervise the Greek election?
Damn Judge Jannine Pirro has a huge mouth - give us Judge Napolitano back!  She’. A big loudmouth
RT @1anobody: It's not about right &amp; left. It's about right &amp; wrong. #tcot #teaparty #p2
RT @ILuvUSA: Obama just declared to millions of legal immigrants waiting in their home countries all over the world: You should have com ...
@macandroo so do I!
RT @macandroo: @elarmstrong Not one thing would surprise me about this creep, not one single thing.  I want my country back- now.
@macandroo Lol - you’re probably right
Obarfo is having a neighborhood car wash on the drive in front of the WH - he, Joe, Michelle &amp; Eric will wash your car for $40,000
Why doesn’t Obarfo turn the White House into a bed and breakfast for poor Americans and illegals - first night free
RT @CMORTOLANI: President Obama:Biggest Govt Spender In World History -USA's never had a Prez who thinks so little of the American ppl h ...
Damn, I missed the dinner at Sarah Jessica Parker’s house with Obarfo and the Lib-Freaks
RT @ladynchesapeake: @Congress All of you,  left &amp; right, are going to be out of jobs if you don't take back the Legislative Branch  ...
I think the US should foreclose on UN Headquaters in NYC and kick their asses out
RT @deanmeek: We don’t need attempts at soaring rhetoric in a time of earthbound problems. Ground Control to President Obama http://t.co ...
RT @denise_lovell: Obutthead doesn't give a rats ass whether these illegals get jobs. He just cares if they vote.
RT @Pamela13USA: @Greencastlehill I believe O is literally taking US down financially.
@GlenAuger1 Glen, thank you. Ed
@michaelemlong Then Obamas should be packing for the trip to Chicago
New Kiddie Show:  Barack’s Blunderland
I guess Chris Matthews doesn’t feel that thrill going up his leg anymore?  Poor Chris.
@USAHipster you’ve got that right!
Don’t you love it how Obama refers to “My White House?”  What a conceited asshole
I think David Axelrod is definitely a person of modest intellectual attainment
@USAHipster No kidding!  He repeats the same crap over and over again - I mute the T.V. when I see his face appear
Obamination is the total lack of leadership
RT @Conservativeind: Liberals are nothing but enablers for people who make irresponsible choices to continue to do so because OTHERS wil ...
RT @jjauthor: When Bill Clinton said that Mitt Romney is qualified to be president &amp; had a "sterling business career," he revealed h ...
The Scarecrow needed a brain so the Wizard put pins in his head, if only that would work for Obama
Michelle told Barack he HAS  TO WIN she’s not done shopping yet!
Barack, Eric, Nancy and Harry could produce a children’s lunch time show where they could act silly and be doing their jobs
I can see Eric Holder driving a Good Humor truck - great job, he should quit and apply at once
@TeriChristoph I hate Facebook
@wayward_okie You will have many of these beginning January 20, 2013
There are a bunch of senators who need to GO HOME forever:Schumer, Feinstein, Boxer, Murray, McCaskill,Reid, Durbin,Leahy and many more
Obama is like the "man behind the curtain" in the Wizard of Oz he wants total control but no responsibility
January 20, 2013 - The End of an Error
I've been reading Klein's "Amateur" and while Obama was an Illinois state senator he almost NEVER showed up for any sessions - voted present
RT @retiredfirecapt: Do you think Congress gets tired of Obama constantly 'directing' them what he wants done? He never actually present ...
@slone I'm reading this right now. The Obama pundits say Ed Klein is a discredited journalist - great book!
RT @jjauthor: This UN based nonsense disguised as harmonizing global regs is designed to transfer wealth from the US to dictators around ...
RT @FloridaJayhawk: Mitt Romney MUST take every Obama Clinton person out of office that he can. UpRoot all the laws, regulations, the pe ...
@jjauthor you have some great quotes!
@EDinCali he would be ok but I don't think Romney will pick him
RT @JONWEXFORD: I oppose Barack Obama because I'm for liberty, and for people to be able to make their own choices. http://t.co/jnFoI0lw
@jshrumj I hope and pray Obama will permanently return to Chicago and the GOP control both houses of Congress. Obama MUST GO.
I just can't understand why Obama's numbers arent worse. Don't people get it that he's destroying the country?
@ArmorCavSpin Obama is simply a narcissist, oh and he's hopelessly arrogant
RT @America1First: Rick Perry: Obama's election "our national 'oops' moment" http://t.co/D2OxlRST - Freedom!
@JennyErikson lol, that makes sense!
Hurray for the end to Union Rule in WI. I hope this spirit spreads - it will go a long way to reversing our bad economy
RT @Pudingtane: Isn't the Supreme Count ruling on Obamacare coming out this month too?  I hope they r as righteous as the people of WI #tcot
@JennyErikson why can’t you vote for Romney?
RT @PolarCoug: Obama is losing 40 states. Fortunately for him, he will win 17.
RT @jjauthor: John Ransom: “Who the hell in their right mind would appoint someone Sec of Energy who thinks much higher gas prices is a  ...
RT @jjauthor: #Obama2012slogans: “The great thing about using other people’s money is that – everything is affordable!”
RT @AnyoneButtOBAMA: Good Morning America!  Good Morning Wisconsin!! You are PAVING THE WAY!  Get out the VOTE for Governor SCOTT WALKER!
RT @ConservativeLA: Gotta love a collection of Anonymous moral retards w/Interwebs skilz that fancy themselves the saviors of the downtr ...
Michelle “Lardass” Obama needs to get together with what’s his name in NYC - he can rid her of her ass and maybe she can restore his brain
RT @kennethlang: Everything Barack Hussein Obama does is designed to bring America down in power; Bowing to foreign leaders #tcot #ocra  ...
@lilrascal01 lol, that’s correct. She’s full of that and a substance associated with the other end.
The Democratic political theory is keep ‘Em all dependent -
Pelosi is so far left she’s in the pacific ocean - will she drown?
RT @Reince: @racineteaparty was unreal - working together and fired up for @GovWalker @RebeccaforReal !  Let's keep WI red and save Amer ...
RT @jjauthor: #Obama2012slogans: "Why work - when you can just vote Democrat!"
RT @jjauthor: Supporting unlimited &amp; unrestrained abortion on demand does not make anyone pro-woman!
RT @lilrascal01: LETS GO SCOTT WALKER!!! We the People are behind you and all that support you!! THANK YOU FOR HAVING THE GUTS TO STAND UP!!
@angelfleming Of course he is!
RT @jjauthor: “We can’t all be heroes. Some of us have to stand on the curb and clap as they go by.”  Will Rogers
RT @THEHermanCain: Tax sweetened drinks? Taxes should fund govt NOT change behavior. Need simple, transparent, objective taxes. http://t ...
@BlameTelford Don’t tell Mike Blumberg
RT @FBRASWELL: If you lost you iPhone in the outhouse, you might be a digital redneck!
There’s just something “off” about Jesse Jackson - dang, his eyes are too close together  - how did he get to Wisconsin?
RT @keder: Scott Walker passed pro-growth policies that created jobs and reduced the debt. Democrats HATE that. #wiuniondesperation
RT @RedLugh: “My reading of history convinces me that most bad government results from too much government.” -- Thomas Jefferson
@DawnRiseth Good for Scott!  Never did like that old battle axe
RT @FBRASWELL: The Vetting - Exclusive - Obama's Literary Agent in 1991 Booklet: 'Born in Kenya and raised in Indonesia and Hawaii' http ...
RT @maxnrgmike: @elarmstrong Jews don't push the Talmud on me...why should Muslims think they can push Sharia or Fiq on me?
@CFLancop well, you are entirely correct there!
Pelosi thinks she’s an Airborne Ranger because she commands a band of Evil Flying Monkeys
RT @preciousliberty: Obama increased #debt more than George Washington through George H.W. Bush (senior) combined http://t.co/hlMD1iq6 # ...
Obama lives in HIS White House and is defended by HIS troops- sounds like a dictator, no?
@BarracudaMama that’s the way this conceited ass thinks. Well, he can revel in that for a few more month then it’s a wake- up
If Muslims want Sharia, let them have it in their homes NOT in our courts!
RT @EDinCali: Les use same qualifications to vote in our elections that the Dems require for anyone to enter their National convention:  ...
@V0TERepublican because Democrats tend towards ruining America - what the Dems &amp; unions in Wisconsin are doing is a good example
@Indexma hi, thanks for the mention and note. I try to get by here each day. Been kind of busy
@Pont2007 so, he needs to move back to Chicago
RT @Pont2007: Obama is a threat to America. #ISayThatAlot
Joe Biden’s daughter got married today. I hope they didn’t let him give any toasts
I’m Barack and I’m now hopin’ things don’t change!
If pelosi’s evil flying monkeys drop her while flying her home would she qualify for workers’ comp?
@slone Maureen Dowd needs a full psychiatric exam - or is she too old to have that exam covered? She needs to speak with her idol
Kevorkian went to prison for assisted suicide; Obarfo and his proposed “deathPanels” should be sent there as well (to prison)
RT @Moira1987: Barack Obama: “The White House is nice, but I’m just leasing.” Yep, and the lease is up in January sucka!  #Mitt2012 #tcot
@YankeegrlConnie yeah, Joe Buck sucks for sure
@HaleyOdom you could always use sunscreen
Remember that 1979 bumper sticker: “The Ayatollah is an Assholah”. It’s coming true again
@DameYankee Obama &amp; Solyndra MAKIN’ ME SICK!
@LadyImpactOhio I’m surprised he wasn’t executed on the spot - once a KBG always a KBG
RT @BrentBozell: Media FAIL to debunk phony WH excuse for not supporting gender-based abortions ban. http://t.co/lPyheX0s picks up slack ...
@LadyImpactOhio well, he hasn’t got much life left so it’ll be a short sentence
Al Sharpton is a reverend and he can do the Obama weddings - or Jesse J, maybe they need an imam?
If Obama wants White House weddings for his daughters, he’s only got about 230 days or so to do them before moving back to Chicago
@Kerryepp he is dangerous AND he’s an arrogant, lying narcissist
RT @Kerryepp: Obama is a dangerous man. He has convinced millions of Americans that they are entitled to the fruits of another man’s lab ...
@JuanitaMcFadden trio of Thieves - oh let’s see: Obama, Biden &amp; Pelosi
Chicago is the ideal place for Obama to live - well really anywhere but D.C.
What do union members get for dues?  Looks like the right to give $ to the Muslim in the White House
RT @CarrollStandard: When Pelosi Says 'Free,' Reach for Your Wallet http://t.co/hEBX4p2A
RT @arping: Please forgive my instrusion into this conversation: A Vote for anyone other than Romney is a vote for Obama. Deal with it.  ...
so what
Fall on your knees, O hear Obama’s voices!
@AndrewLuck23 Chavez has never acted like an adult so maybe that’s why he has it
Obama himself is the ultimate atrocity.  Our first Kenyan-born narcissistic president
RT @Macs_Wax: @PolarCoug Maybe so, but he commits Obamatrocities on our freedom.
Maybe nex January when Obama leaves office the stock market will hit 15,000
@nanluvsmatt this is great fodder for another SNL skit depicting Blumberg’s stupidity.
@SnakebiteJones Obama doesn’t know this but then there’s so much he doesn’t know!
RT @PolarCoug: The most I would expect from Obama would be the standard “blame the victim” type of apology: “I’m sorry you were offended.”
New novel:  The Plumber’s Tale by Joe Biden
“Once, twice, three times a liar . . .”. The Ballad of Barack
RT @kmita3: Everything I ever needed to learn about Islam, I learned in five minutes on 9/11/01.  http://t.co/U7w3bnRr
Obama and Rahman can take turns running for Mayor of Chiago. In “off “ years the one not mayor can be community organizer
Next Summer, Michelle will have too make do with the 12th Street Beach instead of the Riviera
Obama is like the Lone Ranger and Joe Biden, his faithful(?) Scout Tonto.
There were all kinds of photo ops for Obama feigning thanks for the troops that “fight on his behalf.” what a narcissist.
@Lilleth71 thank you very much!
RT @mzee26: ‘It’s Perfectly Constitutional’: Kansas Governor Signs Bill Blocking Islamic Law in Courts and Government Agencies http://t. ...
Obama is for same sex marriage provided those folks pay hommage to him otherwise they shall be damned
Blessed are the community organizers for they shall redistribute the wealth of the wealthy
Obama wants all to say: “O Gracious and Divine Barack! Supreme Ruler of the Universe! Guide us so that we may make Thee look better,”
RT @niteowlmom3: So in Obama's "real world," making profits doesn't qualify you to be president. But pissing away other people's money y ...
@KatMcKinley God help all of us if Obama continues to “help”
RT @Bldr_John: The government cannot give to anybody anything that the government does not first take from somebody else.
@BrunnerForMO Claire needs to stay home - she’s going make all of us sick
I saw a new T shirt yesterday with the Obama campaign symbol and the words “End of an Error”  too bad there’s nowhere to buy one of these
@michaelaleach Oh, I”m sure it’s just a mistake or, would it be Bush’s fault?
The International Brotherhood of Plumbers is suing Joe Biden for Defamation following his remarks about Mitt Romney’s qualifications earlier
Joe Biden has been spotted driving a Good Humor truck in his native Delaware
Hillary Clinton has announced that upon leaving office she will open a beauty salon in NY state and become a hair stylist
In the new movie (starring role yet to be selected) “Back the Past” Obama is reincarnated as a Community Organizer in Kenya
In his new book “Dreams of Himself” Obama is taken into heaven on a blue cloud where he will “organize the heavenly community.”
If Obama doesn’t select Joe Biden for his running mate, Saturday Night Live wants to sign him to a multiyear contract.
@astroterf damn, Obama missing an opportunity to promote himself?  Unbelievable!  The man is insanely in love with himself
@DesertCactus That’s certainly not good
Joe Biden just never knows when to keep his big trap shut - now he's insulted plumbers -  I guess I shouldn't be surprised
Can't wait to vote Obama OUT
@thaShady That isn't what capitalism means and you know it.  You're entitled to your opinion and I'm entitled to mine you like O and I don't
@thaShady Well, I don't know where you're from but perhaps, if you don't already live there, you should live in a socialist country
@thaShady I get it, you like barack.  My thought is he should go back to community organizing, something he said he was good at
@thaShady typical obama rhetoric.  Hopefully on January 20, 2013 he will be back in his "native" Chicago
RT @AlinskyDefeater: With all these Dems breaking ranks, get ready for the Obama beat down. #ocra #tcot
@thaShady I am against socialized medicine, whether Mitt or Barack created it.  Obama's game is blame it on someone else
@thaShady he's done nothing and with a bit of luck Obamacare will be OUT - as for bin laden, others did all the work
@KristeeKelley At least it isn't "microbiology FOR lunch"
@thaShady Every president save for Clinton was better - at least the ones in my lifetime
@thaShady Actually now, with Obama in office I wish we had Clinton instead
@thaShady I do know the difference but it really makes no difference from an economic standpoint, they both like to "redistribute" wealth
@thaShady as far as I"m concerned,no difference
Another tragedy struck Joplin Missouri recently:  Obama visited
RT @HomerWhite: Imus can lose his job because stated 'nappy' but NC teacher can take away our students' free speech...she gets vacation  ...
RT @TeriChristoph: War on Women ploy backfires: Married women pick Romney, say they're worse off under Obama http://t.co/dUlijkyw via @T ...
I saw a T shirt today with Pelosi's photo &amp; it said "Time to Send Nana to a Nursing Home"
@Vicki_Lemonds @NolteNC @MittRomney I think it's time for Mitt to begin SLAMMING Barack about everything
Is it true that Obama and Michelle will vacation in the South of France with that country's new communist leader?
Join AAWCP (Aid to Americans with Commie President)
We will never know where Barack came from or how he did while in college and law school - he's spent millions to prevent us from knowing
@Deberra Obama didn't have to take the SAT, he was annointed by GOD (at least that what Barack thinks)
Barack is to fill in for Sajak on Wheel of Fortune where they will add extra "Bankrupt" spots during the time he fills in
Disney World has a new adjunct to Fantasy Land:  Obamaville where you can me the guy who has dreams of his father
@EdMahmoud He's that even with a teleprompter - The Great Droner, the more he drones the less he says
@14Kathi Well,he is the most arrogant president and he's consistently wrong about himself - He is running neck to neck with Carter fro worst
All the Libs keep telling us how intelligent the Prez is but whenever he opens his mouth he proves them wrong
When Slick Willy was president I thought we could never do worse, but I've been proven wrong for three and a half years now!
I used to think Jimmy "The Peanut Farmer" Carter was the WORST president, that is until Obama came on the scene - now, THERE ARE TWO!
I think this is one of Baldacci's best. I just finished it http://t.co/0f9kSbI1 @GetGlue #TheInnocent
A new, original painting is in the White House entryway. It shows Obama in a rowboat looking through binoculars: Obama Crossing the Potomac
RT @Mar4L: After rushing San Juan Hill Teddy Roosevelt was met by Barack Obama who said; What took so long? #ThoughtsLiberalsHaveAroundC ...
I heard the Bates Motel Chain has acquired Bin Laden's Luxurious hideaway and has renamed it Casa Obarfo
@luckyladyone too bad there isn't some vaccine to fix this terrible condition!
I get motion sickness every time I see jackass O bouncing down the stairs of Air Farce One
@CarterFliptMe Obama is the essence of atrocity
Every time I hear Obarfo's sickening droning I am moved to mute whatever that awful chafing sound is coming out of.
@preciousliberty too bad the General couldn't say publicly what he knew and we all figured to be the case
Obama changed presidential bios on the white house website to compare himself positively to other presidents - arrogant creep
@jjauthor yeah, tell Obama the fake law professor. He's as much of a law prof as my 5 year old granddaughter
@Sami_Shamieh that's an insult to Barney
@reaganpal157 totally believable. Obama only takes credit NEVER responsibility
RT @pambesteder: George Will:  If you struck from Obama’s vocabulary the 1st-person singular pronoun he would fall silent which would be ...
RT @USADL: Just Say NO To Sharia Law http://t.co/bsz4lk8g Join The Crusade To Stop It In America @Jihadihunter #tcot #hhrs #ocra #islam  ...
@ricenbeanies That's what Obama does best (next to voting present)   - Lie
I wonder if Michele will start buying her wardrobe at Target next January
@BoldGlory Hillary needs a serious makeover before she returns to the private sector next January
RT @USAlivestrong: Dems are strapped now, trying to make a nation look prosperous for election time, after savaging the economy for 3 ye ...
@pfloyd325 I could go for that
RT @JeromeEHudson: @BarackObama is a arrogant, self-absorbed, #abortion loving, race-baiting, communist retread, evil SOB. #IJustWantANo ...
I don't think these terrorist assholes should be executed - that's what they want; put them in Florence CO FOREVER - under ground
If Obama's girlfriend from college or whatever was imaginary why couldn't Obama be imaginary?  Wouldn't it be great if he ws a bad dream
Does Obarfo want us to join the EU?
RT @FoxNewsMom: France is finished. Stick a fork in them. Dead nation walking: http://t.co/JlBwhQWo
RT @stephenfhayes: I guess the War on Terror isn't over after all.
Biden says Gay marriage is ok; Obarfo votes "present"
Will Obarfo suck up to the new cookie French Prez?
@peytonjames he hasn't been for quite sometime
RT @peytonjames: I don't think Obama is right in the head.
Barack is offering rides on Air Force One to finance his next vacation now that he's got to pay his own "campaign" expenses
I think Nancy Pelosi could easily be cast as a serial killer in a Hitchcock like movie
RT @MEEchelleO: I love seein a old shuttle goin somewhere other than Texas.	Me & Barack HATE Texas!	-mao	#p1 #p2 #p21 #cspj #tcot #tlot  ...
RT @jjauthor: Socialism equals shared misery for the masses & special privileges for the politically connected.
@Tonymauro are you writing a bio of White?
@JONWEXFORD Obama spells DISASTER
Obama's idea of what the presidency is:  a way to check out vacation spots for him and Michelle
@libertydefender sure sounds that way -
RT @brianjameswalsh: More evidence from the Obama campaign tonight that hope & change from 2008 has been replaced with attack & divide i ...
Keith Olbermann appointed White House Czar on Cable News
@Mamadoxie I guess he mistook the Chorus for "Hail to the Chief" and thought he was supposed to start the exit procession
RT @daxtonbrown: Democrat policies basically glorify suicidal behavior (abortion, euthanasia, deficits, drugs, etc). Time to Go Galt. ht ...
I've been saying forever that Obama is no constitutional scholar.  Read this attachment http://t.co/irPkxH2g
@gretawire Chris Christie - he speaks his mind
RT @PolarCoug: Here's another sign of ObamaCare. Examination rooms have tip jars.
RT @ObamaBash: The main problem with Barack Obama jokes?	His followers don't think they're funny and everyone else doesn't think they're ...
@DynomiteStuff this is sad but true. The media is our biggest enemy
@rainson yeah, I know. He was a peanut farmer and did pretty well at that why did he need to be prez?
RT @HomerWhite: Obama is sure he wants to kill fossil fuel industry without even resemblance of alternative energy. Call it what you wan ...
RT @mzee26: What a dumbass / Durbin: If We Drove Hybrid Cars, We'd Have Fewer Tornadoes - Dick Durban - Fox Nation http://t.co/kHVHZ3Wj
RT @TexasAgape: Liberals & Obama I reject all U'r lies, bad math, corruption & anti American agendas! I love the USA, Constitution, limi ...
@coyotered9 so maybe Dickie won't buy one and we will have one less loudmouth in the Senate
@ReaganTMan Obama doesn't know what a mammogram is, he thinks it a dairy farmer tool
Obarfo and Biden make a deal: Obama resigns, Biden becomes prez, appoints Obarfo to the Supreme Court
Will Obarfo appoint Keith Olbermann to his cabinet or to his campaign staff?
@Ericatwitts god, who would want her?
No law student would have taken a course in which the Great Droner was the grad teaching assistant!
Obama was NOT a law professor - he was little more than a GRAD TEACHING ASSISTANT who didn't know much law and still doesnt!
I wish these news folks would quit saying Obama was a "professor of constitutional law.". HE WAS NOT!
RT @jjauthor: Why isn’t the media talking about the weakness of the Democrat front-runner in the presidential race? Just askin!
RT @jjauthor: How much longer will O keep trying to fool the American public with his “2% of the proven oil resources” scam? Answer: As  ...
RT @ConservativeGal: If obama is an example of intelligent liberalism, I prefer uneducated conservatism! ROFLMAO #tcot #teaparty #conser ...
RT @GuitarHero1965: Dick Morris: Obama Has Assumed Dictatorial Powers!  http://t.co/mOPcSYAP
RT @jjauthor: NY Times: “26 states have questioned whether Congress can force them to make a huge expansion of Medicaid.” It should be 50!
RT @jjauthor: Have you noticed that O will now let states out of W’s education rules, but only if they agree to follow O’s education rules!
RT @jjauthor: "Socialism only works in two places: Heaven where they don't need it and hell where they already have it." -Ronald Reagan
@PWKennedy in Missouri we MUST rid ourselves of the McCaskill virus - its killing Americans
RT @PTBossMan: I am telling you there is no way in hell that obama has 48% of the American peoples backing. PERIOD&gt; NO WAY. @rasmusse ...
RT @jjauthor: 'The trouble with our liberal friends is not that they're ignorant; it's just that they know so much that isn't so.' Reagan
RT @jjauthor: “Milton Friedman said: "A society that puts equality before freedom will get neither.”
RT @jjauthor: The most terrifying words in the English language are… I'm Barack Obama and I have just been re-elected!
@jjauthor I agree, the O Team is a band of thugs but I also believe the combined IQ is very low
RT @jjauthor: Fight organized crime - Vote them out of office!
Gas just went up another dime. Imam Obama needs to return to his mosque.
A Fitting Monument to President Obama | Intellectual Conservative Politics (via @ReadItLater) http://t.co/nU0ba6ND
Chavez back in Venezuela?  I thought they said his head was a tumor - didn't they cut it off?
I can also see Obama in a straw hat with a cane selling cheap souvenirs at a carnival
After nests November's election, Barack will return to Chicago to be a volt salesman at Obama Green Wheels
Judge Jeannine on Fox is too damn loud. Why not have Judge Napolitano ?
Why do Hollywood types like Tom Hanks drool all over Obama?
Just started this http://t.co/yzPutRUl @GetGlue #NeedYouNow
Rich lowery tonight http://t.co/OqQsKcRM @GetGlue @hannityshow
@SOHLTC well to Obama there is no such thing
@pmbasse in addition, it's a waste of our money. Let's get it out of NYC
@The313Gentleman Better you smash it than eat it.
I think Obarfo would relinquish his duties as commander in chief if he could; interferes with prayer rug duties
@exposeliberals Someone should investigate Gloria Allred - lawyers like her give an even worse picture of the legal profession
I heard something on O'Reilly last night that Obama is going to have a 17 minute "infomercial."  Can you imagine a concentrated 17 min of O
@Drudge_Siren Let's hope this is true; the thought of another four years of Obarfo is more than I can handle!
RT @jjauthor: #Obama2012slogans“We consider the term “trust fund” to be a term of art – please ignore that there’s really no “trust” & a ...
Maybe Obama should do "standup" with Mahr both think they are funny and both are ashamed of our country
If FLUKE is pronounced FLUCK something is FLUKEY
RT @jjauthor: When O supports the NY Times he is cast as courageous & smart, but when he disagrees he is cast as political. Truth – O is ...
Does Obama's prayer rug fly? If so he should use it on campaign trips and save us some money
RT @jjauthor: If you sat in Rev. Wright's church for 20 years and say you didn't listen, you might be a Liberal.
RT @jane747: Obama wants to pray for obamacare on SC steps. Is he bringing his Koran and prayer rug?
@jjauthor or related to Bill Mahr
RT @jjauthor: If you can afford to go to Georgetown but can't afford contraceptives, you might be a liberal!
@JohnHLynn they've all become tiresome. One of them MUST defeat Obama so we better be ready to support one of them
I guess Obama wants to substitute the U.N. for Congress. Will he  now give his State of the Union Address to the General Assembly
RT @SarahPalinUSA: And ANWR MT @jimgeraghty Obama endorses an "all of the above approach." Except Keystone & new refineries & new nuke p ...
RT @krauthammer: If only Obama were as determined to stop Iran from getting the bomb as he is to stop Israel from defending herself. htt ...
@edwinajune @zerohedge If Obama wants Israel to postpone bombing Iran it's only because it will help Obama - he's all that matters to obama
@Dave_Champion Crime went down in Chicago because all the criminals are in Washington D.C., many of them at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue
Every time Obama comes on the tube I get serious gastric disturbances sort of like if you were to drink gasoline
Obama wins the Franklin Pierce Award For Idiocy in the Presidency
I heard someone tonight say Obama is like Ferris Buehler - shows up at someone else's parade and claims it's his
I'm just thankful for "Mute" buttons - the easy fix for turning Obama off for a few moments - drone less moments
RT @traditionalbill: The stakes? One nation under God versus one nation without God. The former worked well, the latter is currently a d ...
@DTCahill well, that's Barack for you
Someone said Michelle Obama was in St. Louis today, geez and I missed her, damn (NOT)
RT @jjauthor: How long will the national media string out this Rush Limbaugh/free contraceptives issue? Answer: As long as they can!
I unlocked the Check-in Legend sticker on @GetGlue! http://t.co/TS3q31Qt
Excellent and scary http://t.co/SWmugACV @GetGlue #Auschwitz
Pretty Good. A bit "drawn out." http://t.co/lNVQfmDu @GetGlue #DefendingJacob
This was ok. Sort of weird but not bad. http://t.co/c2zlM4PO @GetGlue #StealingFaces
Great book.  The author is Michael Palmer's son http://t.co/P4El6N3a @GetGlue #Delirious
So far, so good. http://t.co/J8MiUfkn @GetGlue #KillShot
Just watching Good Wife http://t.co/2OG35MyR @GetGlue @TheGoodWife_CBS
why doesn't TweetDeck translate any longer?
@carold501 what kind of Gas?  For his limo or otherwise?
Obama:  America's "WHEEL of (mis)FORTUNE
The next tumor Chavez has removed should be he overly large HEAD
RT @JosephAGallant: Obamacare: What kills a skunk is the publicity it gives itself. - Abraham Lincoln #HCR #TeaParty #TCOT
RT @walterdoc: "Smile for a while. Let's be jolly." - http://t.co/Lbpnw3rt
@HuckabeeShow All were sincere and impressive
RT @jjauthor: "Socialism only works in two places: Heaven where they don't need it and hell where they already have it." -Ronald Reagan
RT @movefearlessly: The Aim of an Argument ... should not be victory, but progress. ~ Joseph Joubert (1754~1824)
I wonder why  Chris Matthews no longer "feels the thrill going up his leg." was it Volt failure or what?
Obama said he would buy a Volt when he leaves office next year - that's fine cause hell never have to drive it anywhere
RT @jjauthor: John @bamRansom: “GM announced they were suspending production of the O-inspired Chevy Volt for 5 weeks due to lack of dem ...
Lady Fluke could have gone to some other non-Catholic law school and had her birth control covered. Who said there was a right to that?
@BurkeanMama you've got that right!
RT @jjauthor: Sowell:"..sad signs..is that we have demonized those who produce, subsidized those who refuse to produce, and canonized th ...
Obama "warns" Iran and Israel:  "I don't bluff;" No, he doesn't - he just "puffs!"
@PelosiScheme that's because her brain is riddled with cancer of unknown origin and she hasn't thought correctly for years
Obama's Healthcare BUFFOONERY must be repealed asap - there are so many flaws in this law it makes me sick
So, so http://t.co/k3WRvzn9 @GetGlue #GideonsSword
Pretty good http://t.co/wxJq99A2 @GetGlue #TickTock
One of Patterson's best! http://t.co/cORvfQ25 @GetGlue #KillMeIfYouCan
Still reading. It's amazing Vince Flynn wrote this while fighting cancer http://t.co/J8MiUfkn @GetGlue #KillShot
Good show - especially when it's recorded and one needn't look at silly ass commercials http://t.co/y1yIgmbi @GetGlue @NCIS_CBS
RT @jjauthor: Progressives are primarily for big govt & heavy-handed regulations. Both big govt & big regulations favor large companies  ...
@Wilbs999 he and others of his ilk would do well to stick with acting or union activity
RT @Wilbs999: @elarmstrong #Clooney is just one of those dopes who thinks "I'm a star so I know everything," when it's really an inverse ...
Hillary's hair stylist just sneaked across the border -no time for "stylist" training
@jjauthor Excellent, jj,
RT @jjauthor: Fight organized crime - Vote them out of office! http://t.co/lhHaAwHj
RT @jjauthor: If you are one of the 49.6% who don't pay Fed Inc. tax, but somehow that’s more than your “fair share," you might be a Lib ...
George Clooney said "he's not Obama, he's President Obama.".however a few years ago it was OK to say "Bush is dim."
@jilevin that's just too bad if Teddy's kid doesn't like the ad - its politics
@gretawire well, whoever is "doing" Hillary's hair never took any styling training - The Sec looks awful
RT @windowsot: An eye for an eye? Let's all keep our own eyes and call it a day. #Peace
RT @Tori_Lennox: Good lord, people, there's a huge difference between being anti-immigration and being anti ILLEGAL immigration. *rollin ...
@Travesham no, I don't think it is tru, I was using hyperbole, but his sympathies don't seem to lie with Americans
RT @ThePlumLineGS: Warren Buffett brutally mocks Chris Christie for telling him to "just write a check and shut up": http://t.co/3QRNJDPh
@WhineNot I'm afraid your wish will be wishful thinking until 1/20/2013
@Travesham what do you mean? Obama offered to sign the death warrant
Obama has created a new cabinet office by Executive Order: Imam General; this person will regulate Sharia which will replace the U.S. Code
Obama wants to include another "box" on the Form 1040:  I want $1,000 of my taxes to go to poor Muslims-there's only one box: "yes"
@DMashak Don, exactly, I couldn't have said it better, thanks!
RT @DMashak: @elarmstrong These #celebrities have the money & free time to participate in political process & instead feed their addicti ...
Obama is commander in chief but is embarrassed to have himself be publicly associated with our military like at funeral services
Message for tonight:  DON'T WATCH THE OSCARS!  You could become Ill with all the loose saliva
Just read that Obama directed all military to avoid mention of "the President" at military funerals & instead to mention "Secy of Defence"
I unlocked the The 84th Academy Awards Coming Soon sticker on @GetGlue! http://t.co/GlOu6PHi
I would never consider watching the Oscars or any other award show.  These sicko celebrities love to kiss each other... http://t.co/vFga3Lu3
RT @JosephAGallant: Q. Why did Obama change his name from Barry to Barack? A. He thought Barry sounded too American or gay.  #TCOT #P2
RT @ResistTyranny: Obama's obvious weakness predictably emboldens our enemies. See Afghanistan. #tcot #sot
@jjauthor Janie, they will never answer
RT @jjauthor: Question for Liberals: If the rich didn’t create all the wealth – who would you take it from?
I unlocked the Must List Level 1 sticker on @GetGlue! http://t.co/SbZMyaNk
I'm watching A Gifted Man http://t.co/9zjE30Lm @GetGlue @WhiteCollarUSA
Hillary really looks AWFUL these days - like she should be given a membership in Pelosi's Evil Flying Monkey
I just worry that there is so much angst between Mitt, Newt & Rick that not one of them will be able to whip Barack
@cvdatum that may be true (about Rick) but I would still pick him over Barack any time
@cvdatum everything Obama says and does IS over the top so you can hardly blame Santorum
RT @Grandma4Newt: What would Abe Lincoln say? That under #Obama, we've become a people of the govt, by the govt, for the govt. #teaparty ...
RT @PolarCoug: Hey, if Iran wants one of our drones so badly, let’s give them Joe Biden.
@anna12061 well Mitt is mistaken
RT @PolarCoug: Debbie Wasserman Schultz looks like a poodle on crack!
@PolarCoug maybe you could seal her lips!
RT @PolarCoug: Debbie Wasserman Schultz is nothing but a Brillo Pad with lips.
@RepHensarling the American people have never gotten anything from Obama
@PolarCoug just as well!
RT @Paceset9999: 4 a nation 2 try 2 tax itself in2 prosperity is like a man standing in a bucket & trying 2 lift himself up by the handl ...
@anna12061 Obama is anti anything that is American
@PolarCoug which cheeks?
@catsune politicians think once they get elected they have a "career." I thought it was supposed to be "service."
@Witty_Witticist you certainly are witty!  I think you are probably living in the wrong country given what you want
@Witty_Witticist Hey, Mr. Magoo, why am I unAmerican?  I guess you are a left-winger and out of touch with reality
@Clay8191 MSNBC is "Liberals from everywhere who dropped out of high school" party
I guess now we switch from freaky football announcers to even freakier basketball announcers, let's just hurry to baseball season
I think it's interesting that both Peanut Farmer Carter and Community Organizer Obama think they are among the top few American presidents
@redostoneage Birds of a Feather - both are self-absorbed, bull-headed and rather stupid  in foreign policy
@4yourcountry You forgot:  "Dope in the White House"
@DTCahill Well, that's what I was thinking - he was next in line - it isn't that I don't like him I don't think he could beat BHO
Remember Flub a Dub on Howdy Doody?  Which member of the Obama administration does he remind one of?
@DTCahill Well, let's hope Ron Paul doesn't suddenly spring up ahead of all of them
@retiredfirecapt I don't think I could take an entire evening of Adam Carolla
Barack refers to "Hitler Youth" as "German Boy Scouts."
RT @ResistTyranny: Our next POTUS needs to understand the Constitution, and agree with what it says. @kesgardner
@AmyJacobson yeah, he makes me cry too but probably for different reasons
RT @DennisDMZ: As if you need a reason not to vote for Obama this election, just remember how they jammed through Obamacare. https://t.c ...
Remember the "old" Soviet Union?  That is where Obama is leading us!
@velvethammer still doesn't appear
@viletweets_com thank you for your self-righteous concern. I do hope you are enjoying the way Obama is destroying our country.
RT @DavidBugnon: RT @jjauthor: If you think selling guns to Mexican cartels is ok, but children selling lemonade is illegal, you might b ...
@jjauthor Somehow, they always miss this point!
@Synders777 The Great Constitutional Law expert BHO asks "What is a Constitutional Republic?  What is a Republic?"
@imsure Amen, I"m sick of hearing about this drug addled deadbeat, she killed herself
@jjauthor No, just a simple LIE
RT @jjauthor: R Reagan: “The more the plans fail, the more the planners plan." And the more policies fail, the more policy makers make n ...
@preciousliberty Oh, thank God Hollywood is turning around, I was getting worried
RT @TracySmithMyers: Like A Boss: Springsteen Says US Needs to Be More Like Sweden   http://t.co/edJyA5eX &gt; How 'bout you just move t ...
@kingsheri Of course, I was being facetious
@jjauthor That's because China has found it necessary to use adults in the factories
Obama IS a WAIVER:  of the constitution
Obama issues Executive Order disbanding Congress and dismissing Supreme Court; O announces state dinner for Hugo Chavez & Sean Penn
@jjauthor That's because ALL GOOD THINGS COME FROM THE GOVERNMENT
@LaurieBailey I think not - this is like everything else he does:  assbackwards
@jjauthor all carney needs is the straw hat and cane and maybe a big cigar
@jjauthor yes because that's what he presides over!
@neighhay AMEN
RT @neighhay: @elarmstrong @teacherspets Obama's position as editor of HLR is an example of affirmative action& "tribute" to his success ...
TSA Agent takes Hostess Cupcakes out of child's carryon and eats them on the spot
@Amyloukingery This is very true and it's why we should all doubt all he says
As Obama enters room we hear what used to be a Christmas carol:  "Fall on Your Knees, Oh hear the  . . . calling
RT @lilrascal01: @elarmstrong they wont touch my kids lunch unless they pay me for each item in there then they cant eat my kids food! S ...
Michelle Obama caught pigging out on Twinkies, DOJ not to press charges
@PelosiScheme why would Pelosi even care?
RT @TheDaveWeinbaum: Hear about the statue of the 1st pharmacist?It was a drug bust~_Dave Weinbaum @elarmstrong @IWowWeTom @ToniaAngelCr ...
Sebilius posts agents at school doors to check lunch boxes; all contraband to be confiscated ( you know, cookies, chips, anything not veggie
Next Week the Dept of HHS will issue regulations on proper construction of lunch boxes for kids; also regs on brown bags for lunch
New Commercial:  As O boards Air Farce One we hear "Come Fly With Me" then the door to the plane is slammed shut
@jjauthor Sounds exactly like Obama
@NJCJR1979 I guess it was hard to believe since Obama did come from Kenya
RT @trisha22522: Please ask questions! Please people we have 8.5 months to take back our country.. #CFSA
@NJCJR1979 well, Lincoln never tried to end slavery in Africa
Most people don't realize Joe Biden made his political debut on Laugh-In
@imsure that's because the priest wasn't using a prayer rug
Lincoln ended slavery; Obama ended capitalism
If there is global warming it because Obama never shuts his mouth
Obama says only FDR, Abe Lincoln and Thomas Jefferson were better than him; O is more like Millard F., Jim Buchanan or Frank Pierce
Maybe Obama was editor of the Harvard Law Review, but it was probably Harvard, Nebraska
Last Night O'Reilly said Obama must be smart as he was editor of Harvard Law Review - O'Reilly has been sipping the cool aid!
If Obarfo gets re-elected, he will probably get two more Supreme Court Appointments!  He's got to be stopped!
Win a Trip on Air Farce One:  Get One Million of your friends to vote for Dear Leader Barack
RT @Munkykracker: Obama's next Mandate: All religious establishments must provide Abortions and Gay Marriages
@unicornmajik Sounds right for an Obama appointee
RT @DogloverUSA: Rush Calls Stimulus on 3-Year Anniversary 'an Abject Failure' http://t.co/GO5z6mg1 #tcot #WAKEUPAMERICA #OBAMAMUSTGO
@KOSMOSNET Everything to do with Obama is a lie
RT @Connorreeves1: @Daggy1 Political correctness is just a fancy word for censorship.
RT @JHSty: Do you know who these people are... from the backside view? UNBELIEVABLE what the "Lame-Stream Media" CONTINUES 2  http://t.c ...
@Daggy1 you are 100% correct about "journalists" being entertainers(no quotation marks)
@America1First it's going to be a "taxpayer burden" whether the price of stamps is raised or not
America's Modern Disaster Center is located at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, Washington, D.C.
@ROCKWITHBECK of course our fearless Commander in Chief never got anywhere near the military prior to being C in C
RT @theRealExTex: To: DEMS,NBC,MSNBC,ABC,CBS,CNN et al, THIS is NOT about contraception...THIS is about OBAMA TRYING TO CONTROL MY CHURC ...
@RoyBlunt yes, but I'm afraid they won't vote against him - he NEEDS TO RETURN TO CHICAGO!
Everyone seems to agree Whitney Houston was a druggie - why all the adulation?  She was drunk & on drugs the day she died
I cannot understand why Obama's approval rating is at 50%
RT @jjauthor: #BeatO! #ObamaMustGo! #OMG
RT @EllTeeDee: How in the world can the American people believe a word from Obama & entertain the idea of re-electing him??
Obama wants to change the name of Camp David to "Camp Mecca"  FDR called it Shang ri la and DDE change it to Camp David
Obama loves himself so much I'm surprised he hasn't volunteered to host one of these sickening celebrity kiss-ins like the Oscars or??
If I hear one more thing about Whitney Houston, geez, why so much adulation for that big druggie?  She probably did herself in
@GirlPainting Yes, Connie, I do - such a bunch of narcissists!  Isn't the money they get good enough, why make us suffer more?
@flipster,@launa_7 thanks for the mentions!
@JimAllred70 Sorry, doesn't sound too good, Jim
RT @RickSantorum: Obama is wrong. Government cannot force you to pay for something that violates faith or beliefs. Govt has no right to  ...
@gstanski Sounds like Obarfo and his motley crew of brain dead liberals
@BreakingNews Budget?  Not really, just part of another campaign speech.  Someone buy him a one-way ticket to Chicago, Please!
@LYKINN Spare us, we don't need to hear from the "Droner" any more.  He just goes on and on and on
RT @PMgeezer: Obama: "Under my plan...energy prices will necessarily skyrocket"	#KeystoneXL #Pipeline #Hell..why not let China have that ...
All these "award" shows are disgusting.  Emmys, Oscars, Grammys, you name them all they are is Liber Ass Kissing Forums!  Puke!
The Grammy show is just another opportunity for all the liberal entertainment industry to kiss each other's asses why on our time though?
@ChiBarb Who's Adele? You're not watching that stupid award show are you?
RT @vetsurvivor: Is the FBI Monitoring Your Social Networks? ...they want to tighten the Noose even more! http://t.co/urOBwLXP
@vetsurvivor Oh, the feds would LOVE to control the internet and the DEMS would LOVE to tax it and everyone who uses it
I'm sure Obama would love to visit some of his fellow Muslims in Iran - too bad, Barack, maybe after Israel bombs them into the stsone age
Oh, did I mention, on that new Father Knows Best, the wife will be Nancy Pelosi - so she will have a job when she gets voted out of office
A new version of "Father Knows Best" to air next season on NBC.  Axelrod (of the Obama farce) to have Robert Young's role as the day
President Obama to be given an endowed chair at the Soupy Sales College of Law - see, he's got a job lined up for next year
Why doesn't George Soros go over to Greece and fix everything, certainly he has sufficient funds!
RT @preciousliberty: Obama has worst jobs record of any president in the modern era (Wash. Post Fact Checker) #tcot - http://t.co/GKdZk5Yn
Obama was supposed to have been editor of the Harvard Law Review.  Pure unadulterated bullshit. Have you ever read anything he wrote?
At the very best, Obama was a poor graduate teaching assistant who skipped out ont many of his classes!
It really irks me to hear people say Obama was a law professor -he was as much a law professor as Soupy Sales was a law professor.
A big part of Obama's problem:  an idiot surrounded by bigger idiots
@jjauthor Janie, thanks. I've just been bothered a bit of late.
@joeconstitution all the more reason for him to visit - for a LOOONNNG TIME
@Drudge_Report enough already about Whitney. She caused her own problems
RT @AndrewLuck23: "Barack’s Smug Assault on Freedom of Religion Isn’t Just Anti-American--It's Unforgiveable" http://t.co/URu50r10 Plz R/T.
@joeconstitution let Obama go over there and see how he likes just being there
I think stronger action must be taken against Iran and the religious freaks ruining that country
RT @LadyImpactOhio: One cool pic for your site. "Obama's enemies list."  http://t.co/H1KOzH1b
I think Fox News spending the entire Saturday evening talking about Whitney Houston was absurd. She was a drug addled singer wth a few hits
RT @JosephAGallant: Once, it was considered derogatory to call a Democrat a communist; now its more likely factual, especially unions te ...
RT @JosephAGallant: Obama believes in the two party system all right? Masters and slaves. #NEWT2012
RT @MessiahComing: The President has a religious position; ANTI_CHRISTIAN, ANTI-JEW, PRO-muslim.  DO U HAVE ANY QUESTION ANY LONGER? 	 h ...
Remember the "Lennon Sisters" and the "Cherry Sisters?"  Now we have Boxer and Pelosi "The Scary Sisters" (paid for by Evil Flying Monkeys)
Barack the Tour Guide:  "Join me and my  family as we tour the European Continent - of course we go on AF One  - make your own arrangements
Where will the Obamas go on this their last Spring Break on the Public Dole?
Catholic VP Joe Biden says "We'll fix this...we'll figure something out."  Joe hasn't figured anything out yet in three years
@thehill Obama's mother evidently never considered birth control
One of our big jobs in Missouri this election season will be to rid ourselves of McCaskill - she has her head somewhere very dark!
Can Barbara Boxer be "stored" on http://t.co/X6h3Npam? (It used to be http://t.co/ZHacMDov - now it should be big enough to hold her)
Barbara Boxer is Now a Member of Nancy Peolosi's Team of Evil Flying Monkeys!  She will be assigned her own Alpha Male to fly her anywhere
@teacherspets  There shouldn't be a NEED for an accomodation:  It's a Constitutional right these idiots are violating
@OneVeritas All phones programmed "I'm Barack Obama and I approve of this Scam"
@Dan4Liberty They need to have Mayor Bloomberg checked into a "home."
I just read a posting on Facebook that expressed the notion of a Hillary Clinton/Rachel Maddow ticket for the next election - OMG!
Why should Obama care about Catholics and their views?  He is, after all is said and done, a Muslim.  That's OK, he just shouldn't lie
RT @KailiJoy: Gee. Thanks a lot, Obama. RT  @mmurraypolitics Huckabee at CPAC, per @CarrieNBCNews: "Thanks to President Obama, we are al ...
I'm watching Law and Order SVU http://t.co/FsQMfK3b @GetGlue @HawaiiFive0CBS
I've just entered @makeuseof's giveaway to win a FREE copy of Nitro Pro 7 worth $119.99! Woohoo! http://t.co/tTtTV4br
RT @PAC43: Rep. Maxine Waters D-CA letting the cat out of the bag that like rest of Democrats in Washington she is communist thug	http:/ ...
@foxnation Obama is bone-headed
@BrunnerForMO John, you've got to "in-seat" that woman!
K-Mart to sell a line of designer jeans named for Michelle - they have a relaxed ass
@ginthegin he will get sacked
Obarfo says the longer he's on the job, the better he gets - I guess he's not been on the job at all!
@theabundantgift Obama = Buffoon
RT @OBAMA_CZAR: LIBs believe in killing babies, if you do not agree they want you to shut up & sit down; obviously you are stupid, racis ...
@Daggy1 The weather isn't too good for golf!
If Obarfo wants to parade those that Romney fired, let's parade the idiots Obarfo hired!  What's that book - Confederacy of Dunces?
@Bilkel55 I suppose it does for some folks and that's good.  For others of us, well, just an annoyance I suppose
@Bilkel55 Well, that's great!  Now we can stop the hype about this silly "tradition?"
@PAC43 Obama has no idea what it means to be Commander in Chief, God help all members of the Military
Is Super Bowl Sunday Over Yet?  Damn, I wish it would be over NOW
CSI New York right now - recorded so I don't have to listen to inane commercials http://t.co/xBFLZIlA @GetGlue @BlueBloods_CBS
Best way to flush out excess pounds while burning fat http://t.co/3kr3aQ3b
Want to lose any weight? go here: http://t.co/dBEEsoXp best product for losing weight
I was originally thinking Newt was the one to beat Obama but I think he can beat him in a debate, maybe not at the polls??
I like Newt but he's saying and doing some really stupid things and his behavior comes across as arrogant and vindictive & I don't like that
@PapaDukesFLA why would Romney do this?  West is a pretty decent guy and certainly a true conservative
@midlifechick I think the answer is Barack Obama
@anna12061 I agree - he was simply rude and childish to here.
RT @anna12061: Dear @TheFactor Gov Brewer looks great to me with her finger in Obama's chest! He deserves no respect 4 what he has done  ...
@live_give I just am tired of the media "sticking up" for him - he's wasted the first three years plus of his term so back to Chicago
MSM portrays BHO as this intelligent, scholarly whatever and in fact he's just a stupid Alinsky Community Organizer without a clue
@biggovt Obama is a buffoon sans clue
RT @retiredfirecapt: @TimJGraham Bill Mahar leads by (disgusting) personal example. He's a sad and sorry little person.
@live_give Of course they are the heroes, that's why my OBama comment - he loves to take credit for what others do
Chicago is holding a place for BHO in Camp Crooked
@washingtonpost I would skip for that reason as well - State of the Union by BHO is simply self-serving and boring
Has Obama taken credit for the rescue of that Swedish woman in Somalia yet?  I've got to believe he has - let him join Seal Team Six
Tweet Deck seems to have a "problem translating" anything these days/why?
RT @dimplesAng_: Thanks for the follow @KenWahl1 ;-)@wolframrose Bill is intelligent as far as geek stuff, dumb as to the balance
Random thought:  Facebook SUKS
I just signed up for Wunderkit! Use this link to get early access to the beta. - http://t.co/eNsKGFm0 via @6Wunderkinder #Wunderkit
@creepingsharia BIG MISTAKE
RT @PAC43: Wow... There really IS someone worse than Jimmy Carter	http://t.co/zplxZza1
@JosephAGallant great one!
RT @JosephAGallant: If Obama is the answer, how stupid was the question? http://t.co/ZYIs7bW2  #Newt2012 #FNC #TCOT #TeaParty #Conserv
@ObamaBash I can&#39;t Joe debating anyone
@MakeUseOf why would anyone want to mess with this?
@OneVeritas @@addthis good for Georgia too bad he&#39;s only an admin law judge
@LeslieMarshall what&#39;s unfair about it?  He didn&#39;t write the tax code, Leslie.  He still paid infinitely more than 1 making $40K
@FloridaJayhawk Kirk was pretty young to have had a stroke, but I guess age doesn't mean everything
In warmer months, there will be many carnivals that Obama can "hawk" something at to people who might listen...straw hat and cane!
The biggest problem I have these days with politicians is they think once they are in office they should be in forever. No Careers!
Next Tuesday NIght - Can we hope for a state of the union message that's less than 30 minutes?
@anna12061 Just like his/her boss?  Not having ID is not important in this administration - or where you were born
@irritatedwoman Yeah, we've certainly had more than enough sports coverage on every channel, what happened to ESPN?
@CO2HOG I think Newt has every right to be angry as does every American
Have your children sign up for OBAMA YOUTH!  Great Summer Camp, cool uniform (polo shirt, shorts, golf spikes year round)
@carold501 Yep, we've had that many days without a President or Vice President as well
@PolarCoug He could probably also be artificial turf on a putting green
RT @PolarCoug: Obama is not worthless! He would make a great Drive Belt on my Harley!
The term "ABC News" is sort of patently FALSE
@HomerWhite LOL!
RT @RockyMtnDigs: The MSM is on the decline,no wonder they,hollywood,& the left want to gain control of the internet.America is seeing t ...
The most important factor in this election:  Can the chosen candidate CREAM Obama and return him to Chicago (or Hawaii)?
RT @HomerWhite: This is so typical for Obarfo but I think he would like to wear a turban himself
Inconvenient Truth: Obama got elected; Convenient Solution: Un-elect him
@HomerWhite No one should have bowed to the Saudi King in any case anytime
RT @jjauthor: Reminder: Opposing programs that only sound good but do not work is not mean spirited or insensitive to the needs of others.
RT @jjauthor: It is important to remember that govt is seldom efficient  or effective irrespective of its noble intentions.
RT @PolarCoug: PETA-"-people eating tasty animals"  excuse me my steak is just about done.
RT @preciousliberty: Obama lawyers have spent well over $1.4 million blocking access to his documents. Big secret eh? - http://t.co/ZPdE8FVx
If they ever have "Super Circus" on television again (it was on in Chicago when I was little) Pelosi could be Mary Heartline
I don't know anything about those blood-sucking Twilight movies but should they consider Pelosi for a part in future releases?
Pelosi never had a lemonaid stand but she has always sold Kool-Aid
Looking back on Obama's 3+ years, all I remember is GOLF - maybe 90 or 100 rounds - that's a lot of HOLES
RT @W_Paul_Williams: 290 days before we reclaim the White House.
RT @michaeljohns: BHO reelection slogan "Change Is" rolled out. Missing are words that should follow: "...Sending this Dude Packing": ht ...
RT @genjunky: A MUST READ- Newt Is Vindicated, But Nobody Knows It tinyurl.com/cojleuo #withnewt #fl #id #az #sctweets #scpol #gop #co
Beachwear from Michelle's Boutique:  $55,000 FLIP FLOPS
Barack Obama Spring Release at Theaters everwhere:  Back to the Fundraiser"
@LYKINN Fine
@LYKINN The problem is TOO MANY CONGRESSMEN, PERIOD.
RT @LOPlato: @JENin140 -Yes, she had a voice like no other. Who knew she didn't like Barack?  She was smart too.
RT @preciousliberty: Fact Checker verifies #RickPerry claim that Obama has killed more jobs than any other president - http://t.co/K0Dkg9wg
RT @VAman49: I'm so tired of this Repub/conservative circular fire squad mentality. Obama is the enemy. None of the candidates are perfect.
RT @Laureenraft: The Constitution only gives people the right to pursue happiness. You have to catch it yourself.	Benjamin Franklin  #Quote
Obama Administration Answer to Terrorism:  Cardboarding
@freddoso Barack's "secret" weapon
@The313Gentleman Contact the Democratic National Committee (Wasserman-Schultz)
The Barack Obama Doll:  Wind it up and it walks into a fundraiser
RT @USMCcmbtvet: @veteransunited No vet should be looked at as pitiful .They served with honor and were willing to die for freedom.Suppo ...
Obamas plan summer camp for less fortunate millionaire children on Martha's Vineyard this Summer:  8 weeks, only $450,000 (less than $1 Mil)
Barack and his "Lost Boys" should return to their Never Never Land South of the Loop
Visit Michelle's new botique:  "For the Big Ass"
Apply Now for the Barack H. Obama School of Community Organizing!  Federal Grants Available to Cover Tuition!
We never hear about Obama going to his ranch or farm and "cutting brush;"  I guess that's because he's sowing weeds
There's a job waiting for BHO on MSNBC with the other socialist misfits
There
RT @irritatedwoman: RT @pdparker: You don't need to attack candidates, libs will do it for all of us.  BHO needs to go!
Obama thinks when he's in Air Farce One he's on a "magic carpet"  Let's destroy the illusion and vote him OUT
RT @redostoneage: 70% of Voters Disagree with Obama… http://t.co/zNDvZ6C1 #p2 #topprog #maddow #msnbc #cnn #nyc #politics #npr #news
@jeanniemcbride It sure was but those idiots had it coming.  I know the MSM is happy that each of them is pure as the driven show.  Pigs
The MSM is totally without regard to the feelings of any save those they have annointed.  They are a band of guttersnipes, one and all
Slick Chuck Schumer and Dirty Dick Durbin would love to be able to control the internet - more tax revenue - keep an eye on what folks say
I look for the goofy liberals to keep trying to control the internet because they view it as another source of revenue
RT @junerenner: RT @midwestgal1: Levin: "We know so little about O YET ABC's talking 2 Newt's ex-wife!!"  http://t.co/GWnnlxPr #tcot #fo ...
@Sami_Shamieh oh please
@GaltsGirl hoodie and the Blowfish sounds like a great name for Obama and his band of dolts
@LYKINN fez, I hate snow
@goqivana god, I hope Obama had no college dating life
@InnovateU hello Cathleen
@LeslieMarshall Leslie, you're such a nice liberal, they shoulall be more like you
Today in 1935, Ma Barker and her boys were killed; Ma was sort of like Nancy in the House - managed a bunch of crooks
@OneVeritas Valerie wasn't speaking from a pulpit - more likely a perch since she's little more than a parrot with her beak up O's ass
@OBAMA_CZAR And . . .Kennedy was never successful at getting major civil rights legislation thru Congress; LBJ did that
@charliemax I didn't know Obama had a "top" advisor - they all appear to be "bottom feeders."
@anna12061 This totally fits in with Obarfo's skewed view of what real Americans are. He's such an Obuffoon.
Since Barack loves Air Force One so much, he should fly down to Gitmo and see some of his Muslim buddies before they are released
RT @KatyinIndy: And so far, Romney being a Mormon has not been an issue....well stand by until the general election because Obama will u ...
Is Michelle Obama an angry First Lady?  Sure looks that way to me as she shoves her million dollar wardrobe in everyone's face
RT @dwh313: Nobody should be allowed to suck off the earnings of the productive people and then use PC to keep those people from complai ...
RT @GordonOlivant: Sen Chuck Grassley: GOP planning to fight Obama recess appointment power grab http://t.co/Tgi5afCI #toct #gop #obama
Michelle and the OH-BOMB-ETTEs  depart on the "Up, Up and Away" World Tour!  We Go You Pay
@MortalDEElight Nothing cheap about this White House, they go all out!
@BrentBozell Mike Moore should divide his time equally between Iran and Venezuela
Mrs. Obama's new nickname:  Hot, Cross Buns
RT @MarkWalia: In Christianity, a martyr is one who suffers and dies for God; in Islam, a martyr is one who makes others suffer and die  ...
@River_City yes and that ass grows by leaps and bounds around the world!
@FoxNewsMom I think many of the are SECRET capitalists
Harry Reid used to be a milkman, but all he could handle was half percent
@MaryBamber Well, then he shouldn't swallow!
@QuorumCall So Dirty Durbin wants to capture himself and his commie cohorts?
@JessicaChasmar I sure hope Congress hurries and obliges him, NOT
@goclio Calendar looks pretty good
Obama has everyone believing he's a constitutional law prof;  Next will he be a visiting professor of medicine?
@Jarjarbug Obama can't talk about decency.  He doesn't practice it
@RickSantorum I would if I could....nice area
@FloridaJayhawk why would you ever have watched CNBC for anything
Michelle O:  Fat Ass; Angelina Jolie:  Fat Lips no brain
@exposeliberals Is she wearing those $525 sneakers too?
@anna12061 Somebody needed to rip Michelle, speaking of which, someone needs to carve something  off that huge ass
@TheOregonianBoo Was he pushed?  This is how Hussein's sons used to do away with folks
RT @PolarCoug: Debbie Wasserman Schultz is nothing but a Brillo Pad with lips.YES, EXCELLENT!, HOW ABOUT ADDING "RUSTY" BEFORE BRILLO
@CO2HOG I think Diane had been hitting the bottle that night or perhaps she had some sort of injection
Someone just commented that oil rigs could make shark food of migratory birds - any chance this would work with politicians?
Is Obama trying to be a Devine leader like the Japanese Emperor of years ago?
Did Jay Carney used to work at a carnival?
RT @TexasAgape: @62seabee I call 4 an investigation of the entire Gov & why they do not do their jobs, all shld be fired, pay witheld un ...
@FloridaJayhawk I really didn't know he had an old one!
@GA_Tea_Party Is it similar to the fake birth certificate crackdown?
@LYKINN Obama allows people to say he was a law PROFESSOR. In point of fact he was little more than a teaching asst who skipped many classes
I'll check later. All anyone is talking about is Tebow and I could care less about him or any other pro football player
I wonder if Chris Matthews felt anything run DOWN his leg tonight??
I think Diane Sawyer was on something tonight but she was still bad
Sawyer will succeed Walters as the Great Buffooness!
RT @preciousliberty: Obama: The Worst Steward of the #Economy in American History #tcot #tlot #teaparty - http://t.co/imeWVSds
RT @RedState: The Biggest Mistake of the Worst Debate http://t.co/AlxwMfkb #TCOT #RS
@MelissaTweets I guess you don't like Mitt!
@secupp there were a couple of good laughs though
@Conservativeind Moderators are quite pecksniffian. They want to impress themselves and in doing so demonstrate their actual ignorance.
@mkhammer maybe he just doesnt like Huntsman
@STL_Politics yes but I see the point Santorum was trying to make
@Reenit well, geez, Joe Smith really never created anything but maybe trouble?  He did, however, go west as Horace G. Suggested
RT @Pudingtane: Good response from Santorum on "middle class" and class warfare. #tcot
@RedScareBot @@YnkyDodl no doubt about it
RT @RedScareBot: Quit Stalin RT @YnkyDodl #1DayIWantTo understand why some people don't see that Obama is transforming USA into a failin ...
@AppAdvice I'm tired of hearing rumors and storie about iPad3, iPad4, etc., etc.
Of course unemployment is down - many folks just quite looking because the economy sucks
Obama talks about "reasonableness."  Consider this Mr. President:  Announce you will not be a candidate for re-election
RT @ryanra: Obama administration eases deportation rules - http://t.co/BygTrcal  #DOTUS strikes again!  Every day something new from our ...
@GregStanski Good for them!  They should entertain on them and take it as a deduction!
@slone Of course he won't!  He's the New Imperator Americanis
Barack to Ohio high schoolers:  I'm Emperor Obarfo and the Constitution means squat to me!  Venite, me adoretis
Idiot Obarfo is now slashing the military. This guy needs to return to that political trash bin called Cook County!
I hear Obama signed for an Instagram account BUT, A WORD OF CAUTION:  This is NOT a reason to vote for him. Like most of what he does:  RUSE
Obama needs to return to the den of iniquity from whence he came!
I think Newt is really smart but at this point I'm not sure intelligence can overcome the wiles of our faux law professor-prez - really!
Maybe Biden could get a gig with NASCAR- no wait, Joe is too reckless
@asskickymchotti We need to get rid of this O-Regime and get some  reasonable conservatives in. Bye, bye Barack & Joe
RT @TexasAgape: Let's stop this now the Libs can have the NE USA & California, the rest of the nation becomes the Consitutitional Republ ...
@preciousliberty I don&#39;t understand why limbs don&#39;t believe Obama is hiding something like his place of birth
@KatiePavlich I haven&#39;t even noticed anything about Huntsman
@jjauthor the media:  full of sound and fury and signifying nothing
@jjauthor I think Andrea has pretty much lost her mind.
The Iranians say they are only using nuclear power for peaceful ends. Since when have these folks been believable or honest?
@jjauthor This is a great quote and it fits Obama perfectly
RT @ObamaBash: His critics are telling lies about Obama… and most of them are true.
Happy NY!@RaywBriscard @NJCJR79 @Demre @proctorshow@WhileNot @torilennox @1anobody @Maggie @ArmyInfantryMom@NotTypicalBlond @FloridaJayhawk
Happy New Year!@SanAntn_NEWSStwt @Fermin4307 @JaneKapetanos @Mckenzie_4249 @FreeRepublicUSA @LawyerVideoMktg @JWelbyLTCFP
Happy New Year!@AnnTran_ @OpVeteransHope @JimYo01 @joesyverson @HighOctaneCEO @Na9392 @dooleytree @EricDahlSr
Happy New Year!@ASouthernYankee @FirstGnu @GirlPainting @TOPs_Wife @Jeanniemaries @GaltsGirl @vyouz @TheFickleNickle
Happy New Year! Have a Great One!@MaddAdder @BigTonyRagu @JacqueMacklimGQ @newbielover2011
Happy New Year!@Elphashiont @tcottruth @catinflorida @dimples_Ang
Happy New Year! @genjunky @imsure @Evil @Karen_CVT @BrianINC @lhughes @BarkingDogrr @LarryBriscoe @TCTaxTeaParty
Happy New Year!@PatriotAirborne @TeaTephi @IronTramp @1SupremeGoddess @theRealExTex @Conservativeind
HNY!@RaywBriscard @NJCJR79 @Demre @proctorshow @WhileNot @torilennox @1anobody @Maggie @ArmyInfantryMom @NotTypicalBlond @FloridaJayhawk
Have a Great New Year!@Connectionary @ksemgs @jeffcourter @Thomas_Flowers @suzyayres
Happy New Year! @CandyFord484 @hess4governor @WorldsBarsGurl @StephenBarth @EmilioKaram @reveccadiserio
Happy New Year!@jaciwin @MarineReconDad @ToddPalin @rabbitrancher @mjgranger @sautee1156 @ijVee @BootsToSuits @RobertDrovie @Masstnkr
Happy New Year! @WaylandSmalley @mlmsuccessstory @airbrat77 @idiomaticone @kissmygumbo @abusedtaxpayer @ciaobella50 @arnehull
Happy New Year! @seegullmedia @ScottStark_ @minerjp @FreedomCANews @ThatBlokeSean @billingtonart
Happy New Year! @MarineReconDad @ToddPalin
Happy New Year!@BirdWatcherLady @djsl82 @indeedblues @rickOffermann @AshleyTurnerIKO @thebitterapp @LibertyImages
Happy New Year!@SanAntn_NEWSStwt @Fermin4307 @JaneKapetanos @Mckenzie_4249 @FreeRepublicUSA @LawyerVideoMktg @JWelbyLTCFP
Happy New Year@BigTonyRagu @Orrin_Woodward @ArtDish @freebird_music @sadefopkqc @ChrisLevinson
Happy New Year!@VisedMonk @yeagerhood @Paceset9999 @RockyII @gone_fishin @JeffersonFrog @melaniejane88 @littlebytesnews
Happy New Year!@Dr_Rose @DCGere @GaltsGirl @Obamas_Fault @drscoundrels
Happy New Year!@followstannow @ConnConserv @Dbargen @NannaDiane24 @newzealblog @MuscleQuest @debtfreeguy @kristeddymdfacs
Happy New Year! @SanAntn_NEWSStwt @Fermin4307 @JaneKapetanos @Mckenzie_4249 @FreeRepublicUSA @LawyerVideoMktg @JWelbyLTCFP
Happy New Year!@inhuggermugger @abinitioadinfin
Happy New Year!@abusedtaxpayer @ciaobella50 @arnehull @VisedMonk
Happy New Year!@ @AlyciaCameliaB @bellez8 @6o7 @JeremyJenkina10 @AngellaRRI @NoemiSkolnick47 @SirJaxx @EvilConservativ
Is it true - Pelosi might retire (to spend some of her millions taken from the poor in a reverse Robin Hood procedure)?
RT @HomerWhite: For you see ugly Congress, you work for us Little People so easy for you to forget. We are communicating with each other ...
@jjauthor What a pile of O-Crap
@jjauthor maybe if Krugman shaved that ugly beard he could free up some brain cells
RT @jjauthor: #Obama2012slogans: “We do not consider the IRS, the EPA, or the NLRB to be govt agencies – we see them as political weapons!”
@jjauthor we always "sold" stuff as kids and no one said anything, they just "helped us out"
@RealRepublican she makes me sick every time I see her whining on a newscast
Could the rest of the world describe Obama as "Dear Leader?"
RT @JosephAGallant: Obama’s Christmas Present to Illegals: 24/7 Hotline to Help Aliens Get Out of Jail | Western Journalism http://t.co/ ...
RT @genjunky: Gingrich:Obama May B the "Most Dangerous" President evr, "Completely Misunderstands Reality" http://t.co/ShXYmofA #WITHNEW ...
@LYKINN to do this we must rid ourselves of Obarfo and his merry band of idiots
RT @LYKINN: Our Country Needs to get back to a Constitutional Representative Republic, NOT a new Soviet Style Socialist Communist Totali ...
@RealRepublican and to you!
RT @HomerWhite: Barry is nothing short of gross. His political positions are lame & childish. His foreign policy of 'give it back please ...
RT @libertydefender: I don't see how the Paulbots are not at least concerned with Iran... they are sneaky bastards
@ppppolls Well, worse things could happen, I could deal with a Santorum candidacy I would just worry about him beating Obarfo
RT @JosephAGallant: New Year’s Resolution: Take Back America from Obama and the RINOs | Western Journalism http://t.co/bpEjUdyN #TCOT #T ...
RT @LYKINN: District 20-FL needs a Representative NOT Debbie Wasserman-Schultz, D-FL-20. Support For Congress-Carl Mathiesen, R-FL-20
MSM Headquarters seem to be in Hollywood
One of Patterson's best works http://t.co/RTKadXML @GetGlue #KillMeIfYouCan
Typical James Patterson http://t.co/ChJ6oSR7 @GetGlue #TickTock
Story of revenge. Interesting http://t.co/2tZZ1Oh5 @GetGlue #GideonsSword
Somewhat strange. http://t.co/IpPPyqk2 @GetGlue #TheInnerCircle
Great! http://t.co/0xlsffvp @GetGlue #TheBrassVerdict
Good book http://t.co/FC0BVDyI @GetGlue #IceCold
Enjoyable and interesting http://t.co/5vpWEjG1 @GetGlue #KillingLincoln
Good book http://t.co/QZ2Y5vGe @GetGlue #TheFifthWitness
Good read http://t.co/pwzYxop6 @GetGlue #TheReversal
I hadn't read anything by Joy Fielding for years. This reminded me about her "style." http://t.co/3uoP6IYx @GetGlue #StillLife
So far, it's ok. The author drags on too long sometimes. http://t.co/ZegWSYAQ @GetGlue #Limitless
Interesting and entertains reading. I knew the author when we were little kids living on the same street http://t.co/QhNJoyDR @GetGlue
I like Marcus Sakey but this novel was a bit different. I'm not sure about it yet. http://t.co/8GRu0ZOj @GetGlue #TheTwoDeathsOfDanielHayes
I unlocked the iPader sticker on @GetGlue! http://t.co/N6vk3EAw
Entertaining but sort of unbelievable http://t.co/KayMgmvA @GetGlue #Micro
@HighOctaneCEO that's true for everyone but liberals:  their IQ actually diminishes from birth until they opt for a conservative view n
@cutiepi2u the thing I worry about is can Newt defeat Obama?
Hearing some Supreme Court pundits opine there seems to be better than an even chance Obarfocare will pass constitutional muster. GASP!
I am continually puzzled as to why Obarfo's approval ratings are not well below 40%. The man is one sleepy enigma.
RT @imsure: House GOP Members Calls on IRS to Investigate AARP Tax-Exempt Status http://t.co/ecgCHnrY
Barack dong wong...kick him out
Maybe Obama will make Kim Jong Un one of his Czars.....which one, or maybe create a new czardom
Is Kim Jong Un related to the Pillsbury Doughboy?
@jjauthor Funny, O seems to look much like FDR, Jimmy (the peanut farmer) Carter and maybe James Buchannan
Radical Islam has its collective head up its collective ass
Amending the Constitution by Inaction:  America v. Barack Obama (Kenyan by birth)
Obama considers himself  the 4th most important president....Jimmy Carter considers himself one of America's best presidents
Obama considers himself  the 4th most important president....Jimmy Carter considers himself one of America's best presidents...hmmm..
@rfaulhaber Wellll, he IS from Chicago (among other places)
RT @jjauthor: A nation of sheep breeds a government of wolves.
RT @jjauthor: Milton Friedman: In the long run govt will spend whatever the tax system will raise, plus as mush more as it can get away  ...
Today is a great day in the American Mainland because Obarfo isn't here, sorry about that, Hawaii
@swissbusiness Isn't that so much better! I suppose this is Islam's view of "mercy"
RT @jjauthor: Instead of the recession, O worked on expanding the govt, supporting unions, protecting fed bureaucracies & making politic ...
RT @jjauthor: As the year ends & 2012 elections approach, politicians are busy making unaffordable promises that you & I will be asked t ...
@jjauthor Yes, while O is off vactioning in a poverty stricken area of Hawaii!  What a hypocrite
RT @jjauthor: Since “progress” is out-O seems to have landed on “fairness” & “income inequality” in addition to his “do nothing Congress ...
RT @jjauthor: For O & Libs, “fairness” is not about equal opportunity or an equal set of governing rules, it is about equal outcomes!
@ResistTyranny Been going on ever since I can remember, it's genetic in Illinois politicians
RT @ResistTyranny: Apparently, Illinois Democrats are cheaters who love vote fraud. Who knew? http://t.co/nPbi430H #tcot #p2
RT @jjauthor: The argument Libs use is that if someone got rich, they probably cheated or had an advantage (over the not-rich) or bilked ...
RT @jjauthor: IOW, if you are rich, Libs argue you likely got rich because of some “unfairness!”This is not an economic argument; it is  ...
Merry Christmas!
@stephenfhayes  This says quite a bit about the United Nations  -  That organization sounds like it's a collective Obamaczar
@anna12061 total stupidity.  He should just move back to where he came from
As I was saying, Kenya Ken (Barack Obarfo) will fight Greed and Grime on Weekends just as Chicken Man Fought Crime and/or Evil
RT @USFree4life: The reason Obama is getting nothing accomplished is lack of ideas and leadership. He can't even get a budget done. How  ...
RT @usvoteout: Figures don't lie-liars figure:The unemployment chart Obama White House doesn’t want you 2 see: http://t.co/eX1cn5om #tco ...
RT @JosephAGallant: The squirrels must be gathering their nuts... 3 of my liberal neighbors have disappeared. http://t.co/CPPfRMXT #TCOT ...
the Cable Network USA says "Characters Welcome"  How about a new one "The Droner" starring you know who...with the magic teleprompter
Does Barack understand that by placing an extra tax on the wealthy he will be taxing himself more heavily?  He doesn't get it
RT @Eagle_Vision: I was thinking of shoveling the snow out of my driveway, but there's no smartphone app for that.
Barack will soon be off to vacation in poverty in his "native" Hawaii.  For Hawaiians, good time to visit the Mainland
Don't miss Nancy Pelosi and her band of Evil Flying Monkeys in the remake of "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest"
They are remaking "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest"  It is the life story of Nancy Pelosi with cameo appearance by Reid and Durbin
Eric Holder has the native intelligence of a ROCK, how did he ever get admitted to Harvard?
Barack needs to return to Chi Town and mingle with other crooked politicians like Rahm, Rod, George and others
RT @americanshadow: I'm better off today than 3 yrs ago. No longer have a job & mortgage to worry about. Free to roam the streets & panh ...
@StevenErtelt Not a bad ad, nice, positive
RT @americanshadow: So far the democrats only success has been blaming everyone else FOR THEIR FAILURES. #TCOT #p2
Each day I am reminded in many ways of how folks like Harry Reid, Chuck Schumer, Dirty Durbin, Barack Obarfo, and Nancy Pelosi SUCK
RT @thorninaz: What a Patriot Looks Like.      http://t.co/RZnzMgSp
RT @cyote6: "The Constitution is not an instrument for the government to restrain the people, it is an instrument...to restrain the gove ...
Is Obarfo going host a Christmas special from Hawaii?  I guess it could be called "Barack's Jihad Hawaiian Holiday
@CO2HOG if Obarfo remains in office he would certainly push something like this
@NatalieDuvalNY no one ever accused Nancy of having any native intelligence
@RBPundit I certainly agree Obarfo is much more full of it than Bachman. The man is conceited and has no shame
RT @genjunky: THE ONLY THING OBAMA CAN BE PROUD OF IN HIS OWN MIND IS TO BE THE ONLY PRESIDENT IN HISTORY TO APOLOGIZE FOR AMERICA, SHAM ...
@free_US_Citizen Does Obama do anything thats not deceptive?  Everything is a campaign trick
@adkhermit thats what i dont understand - people complain about economy then turn around and say something good about Obama
@RedDevilRio the problem is Newt blurts out his latest idea and as well-considered as it might be liberal freak press misreports it
@DougDauntless mayor Blumberg is somewhat of a jackass
Selective Editing: CBS News Omits Embarrassing Obama Boast from TV Interview http://t.co/hQlsKtaR via @zite
@FoxNews look how long it took
RT @FoxNewsMom: Obama is Not a Natural Born Citizen: http://t.co/VzClA70M  /'why no one has challenged him shows how ignorant/irresponsi ...
RT @Jarjarbug: I KNOW #Obama has never gotten his hands dirty.... THIS MAN has had a MORE PRIVILEGED LIFE than most of ANY of the POOR h ...
@izzysroses time to blow those fraks right out of the middle east
RT @jjauthor: P Schiff: “It is not by some genetic fluke that Americans distrust government. It is an integral & essential part of our h ...
@jjauthor and tonight he indicated he intends to use executive authority to get what he wants
RT @jjauthor: When O says “fair” – he means taking from one who has earned & giving to another who has not!
RT @jeff_hollander: I pray 2 Almighty God all prayers for Israel & the mid-east are 4 the benefit of Israel & all of mankind.Amen  #pray
@ThreatcoreNews i thought her husband's name was. Barack
Lately, Hillary makes the Wicked Witch of the West attractive
@PolarCoug i suspect Bill enjoys Hillary's heavy travel schedule
@PolarCoug it will never happen
@Patsy_Wilcox i dont think rick has much of a chance but if he is the candidate i would have no trouble supporting him.
@PolarCoug its sort of like those groups who say the world will end next month - when it doesnt happen they just say miscalculation
@4aFreeUSA are there many in the US military?
RT @prismsinc: When Tony Snow and Tim Russert died, whatever small semblance of non-bias the media possessed completely evaporated #tcot ...
@tommytrc packer game is on here with no sound just so I know when the damn thing is over
@ibprofessor if it becomes a crime we have obarfo to thank for it
RT @Steele_Michael: Perry. #iowadebate. "This president is the problem. Not something Newt Gingrich said." Smooth. Kinda put a period on ...
@gretawire I liked the format on Huckabee: no annoying press types to ricin the discussion and bait participants
RT @politiJim: Ron Paul: Let's don't get involved in squabbles.  Uhmm. Nuclear bombs in hands of people who have SWORN to kill you isn't ...
RT @MonicaCrowley: @RonPaul calls the Israeli-Palestinian conflict a "squabble."  LOL. And oy vey.
@tennalynn thank you! So far so good
Now that we are nearing the holidays all that will be on t.v. is CRAP http://t.co/U2ijYI6I
RT @CooperRepublic: RT @JosephAGallant: The teleprompter saw its shadow; 1 more year of blaming Bush o_O http://t.co/0DOQVjHW #TCOT #P2  ...
@CJFontenot1 then Obarfo should be impeached, Rahm should be incarcerated along with Holder. I didn't say blago should get no time
@indigenous01 that was suppose to be "brain dead"
@jjauthor you got that right! It's at least a double loser
RT @jjauthor: Liberals ignore the fact that new govt revenue from higher taxes will not only be spent poorly, it will be spent on the wr ...
RT @jjauthor: If you hate capitalism but expect a capitalist to provide you a good paying job with great benefits, you might be an #OWSer.
@AjntB2Sli at this point any republican that can whip Obarfo is OK
@PolarCoug Oh, Wheely?
Blago was stupid but 14 years?  Jessie Jackson Jr. Was ready to buy, will he get 14 years?  What about Rahm?
@TPOs_Favorites thank you
@anna12061 we really don't know what color Jesus was but does it make a difference?  I think you're right about O and Whites
@indigenous01 I think they need to give Biden an EEG to see if he's Best regards,		Edward Armstrongaind dead!
Dens say Obarfo & Holder are geniuses because they went to Harvard but we know ZERO about their academic performance there
@suziplasse we should have destroyed this drone but of course the commander in chief opted for kindness
@EricGourmet incredible!
@4aFreeUSA these folks are scary and they won't be happy until what you describe takes place
RT @4aFreeUSA: Since Islam's goals are to annihilate any culture that does not worship Allah & live by Allah's Sharia, it should be driv ...
Have a Great Day @ArianaR8985 @Pipsqueak2 @ecnarb @juana4Dixon @Loyal9 @NeoWesternCiv @askkencheung @GergesHanna
Good Morning! @followstannow @ConnConserv @Dbargen @NannaDiane24 @newzealblog @MuscleQuest @debtfreeguy @kristeddymdfacs
Good Morning and Enjoy the Day! @HelenaEscalante @MeetAndGrowRich @shira_in_Fremon
Enjoy the Day! @Lynmorales @Mandy_at_Odessa @dalytweet @PRBFilms @redTrends @OurReagannation @tperkins
Good Morning@catinflorida @dimplesAng @DailyBenefactor @Merylee @USA_Patriot @HAshleyC @GreatHairGuy @nesredepekim @Phabi @SeoWizardry
Good Morning!@skaye @Connectionary @ksemgs @jeffcourter @Thomas_Flowers @suzyayres @followstannow
The Best To You This Morning! @GiaGhere7454 @rayuotila1 @Clearbluephoto @AmericanGirl24 @AlyciaCameliaB
Good Morning @tcottruth @Luuux @AngellaRRI @lynnm720 @NoemiSkolnick47 @SirJaxx @jjauthor @WebReadyLawyers
Good Morning and Have a Wonderful Day! @Tampa_140news @AFPArkansas @JessAlston @RushRunsAmerica @Alexeyanna1
Good Morning @NotTypicalBlond @FloridaJayhawk @WayoftheWizard @JasonBWhitman @Lostmybeer @jsringo @kyungai
Have a Great Day!  Smile and Enjoy It! @agynamix
Good Morning@politicsandmore @tennalynn @BorisBad @Broad_Reach @samhart1984 @2defense_lawyer @tnlawgirl @chatlatvaaho @lzee11
Good Morning! Have a Great Week!@Southern_Shade @kesgardner @Meanako_meen @28fx @MischelleJohn @digitalwebbath @forcerules @jamesdjordan
Good Morning@legaleagleMHM @ArticFox2012 @junerenner @unicornmajik @OMG_VrgnBch @Kinderbeten @ichwillabheben
Good Morning, Have a Great Day and Week!@anniewetherbee @2thumbsup @CarleePollett53 @donthitmen @ElijahCreger @GLBTN1 @128fx
@OBAMA_GAMES don't forget the unions
@HWDRepublican most of Obama's inner circle as well as most of his advisors have their heads up their asses or someone else's
@AliceLinahan Interesting - I really wonder what the true reason is.
@slone to anyone but me, ZERO
Typical Obamacrap
RT @jjauthor: Thomas Sowell: “There is no inherent right to come live in the United States, in disregard of whether the American people want
RT @MannyEdwards: In two years, Obama has spent the entire lifetime earnings of our children. #teaparty #tcot #ronpaul #gop
RT @littlebytesnews: First-term senator says Congress engages in too much politics, not enough problem-solving (Star Tribune) http://t.c ...
@MoBarCLE Programs cost too much!
@gerfingerpoken Rahman is now Gangster in Chief
I hope all of you have a happy and peaceful Thanksgiving holiday!
@Vote4Wallace that's exactly what we need to do. They have proven their total lack of worth beyond reasonable doubt
@InternetGuru7 the national pass time of Nigeria is crime so I wonder how police there even keep up
Check out a few of Edward L.'s favorite work apps. http://t.co/2662Sh1Z
Check out Robert Scoble's apps http://t.co/OE96MjHr
@HomerWhite no but you can turn Al Gore Red
@vetsurvivor yeah it's hard to tell sometimes whose side that outfit is on!
@wiskey1249 that's my thinking I mean what else can one do?
@wiskey1249 yeah I'm afraid there isn't anyone strong enough to rid us of Obarfo
@wiskey1249 hey Roger, which of the rep candidates do you like.
Obama may decide he's an Australian Muslim and decide to live in the outback
I'm the Guru of Chasing Grace on @GetGlue! http://t.co/fHuNyOUH
@townhalltz Lazy Americans? More like lazy, inept president. Maybe he should just take over Libya or some Mideast sultanate
@N_IdahoElection I don't see how Holder ever passed the bar exam. I wonder the same about Obama. Neither exhibits much legal knowledge
@PROUDofTEXAS I think they should all appologize to each other and concentrate on getting rid of BHO!
@JimELiv thanks for your kind words, Jim
RT @POXnewz: INEPTOCRACY: Govt where least capable leaders R chosen by least productive citizens who are rewarded by taxes from declinin ...
@michaelbathurst I don't think Cain is going to be "The One.". Too many things he's light on.
@AndrewBreitbart thats because the people have no real values they just get a charge oout of bellyaching - its better than working!
@jjauthor yes he does and I think to be true to his beliefs he should give his five million to a food pantry or something
@junerenner you're right, June, they are out to take over the world. We need to stop their crap, they discriminate against the rest of us
@Suzanne yeah isn't that the truth!  Rarely works like you want it to
Many pro athletes belong in the same subclass as politicians:  STUPID.
@LawfulBear our judges do have requirements each year and we do get to vote to retain them or not but little attention is paid to voters
Politicians make me I'll. A couple of days ago the Cards had their big victory parade and then the celebration marred by local puke politic
@LawfulBear I guess I would agree that many of our judges HAD been prosecutors but it doesn't seem to be so much today
@LawfulBear I am opposed to judicial elections. We have enough annoyance with slimy politicians. At least we can keep 1 of 3 branches pure
RT @ConradSaam: Bank of America, you don't deserve to have the word "America" in your name.
@exposelibtards will that be the sequel to Mr. O Leaves Washington?
Biden is looking more and more like Robin. Will Obatman give him a ride in the Obatcar before they fade away?
@beesnguns I haven't trusted China forever. They just sneak around and I can't deal with sneaks
RT @littlebytesnews: .@donking that's what I'm afraid of @BarackObama
@Ericatwitts I guess he won't be back in the KY governor's mansion for another term
@SaddleBum well for certain three years ago starting 1/20/2009 the middle class lost a lot of ground
Still reading. So far pretty typical Jack Reacher http://t.co/P1sd7fKc @GetGlue #TheAffair
When BHO'S leaves office on 1/20/2012 the perfect job for him will be at a bank where he can bullshit all day long like he does now
@QuorumCall as himself or Stuart Little - oh I forgot, no difference
I don't think I've ever liked ANY bank and I've worked for four of them. They are bottom feeding blood suckers
@Ramikantari No wonder:  Banks are bottom feeders
That should have been "Mitt's" not "Mio's"
@WILLisms I dont know what Mio's position but think global warming is a pile of lukewarm dog puke
@tracycoyle ok, I can see what you're saying
@tracycoyle why would you not vote for Romney if he's the candidate
@melaniejane88 hi Mel, thanks!
@Reenit thank you!
RT @johnnyrwhitsett: is OBAMA considered a curse word yet
@preciousliberty I don't see how even 44% can approve of Obarfo
RT @preciousliberty: Obama's over-regulation just happens to be a Communist technique to kill jobs .. MUST SEE: - http://t.co/LWBNHh7C
RT @jjauthor: Good Evening my fellow tweepers! It is a great day to be an American! 379 days to return America to its first principles!
RT @jjauthor: If you like my tweets, you might be a patriot, a parent, an optimist, or all three.
RT @Wendys: RT for a good cause. Each Retweet sends 50¢ to help kids in foster care. #TreatItFwd
@marychastain GO CARDS!
RT @WhitneyNeal: @lheal That's a President. Plus he actually makes it over the plate. :-) #worldseries
@anniewetherbee watching the series for now
Jane Fonda isn't just any socialist, she's a commie treasonous socialist
@jjcrocket GWB has some class!  We've been missing that for three years now and hopefully there will only be 1ore of those
RT @jjcrocket: GWB threw out a strike at the World Series! What a pitch Mr President
I took over the Guru title for The Pink Panther Strikes Again from @yorksheergenius on @GetGlue! http://t.co/pyFkGVdl
Next August will be OBAMA's lst birthday living in WH. Show you are pleased by sending him a personalized prayer rug!
@wiskey1249 roger I wonder what percent of the Muslim vote he will get?
@pulpe reuniting with an old friend attorney can be a life saving experience especially if he's an expert in Sharia law!
@jjauthor God help everyone if that is true
October 23, 2011, President Obama moves family to Mecca and declares it to be new home of the government
@pulpe sold in fine stores everywhere in the middle east
What is today?  Another day of Barack in Blunderland
@jjauthor Why do they tax alcohol and cigs and then continue to use them
@f396 Give them a dose of victory gin and send them to the slammer
My name is Barack and I'm here to capitalize on your capitalism!  Send your donation in!
RT @jjauthor: Question for Liberals: If the rich didn’t create all the wealth – who would you take it from?
RT @f396: America.....rejects Obamas Socialists Policies.......!!!!!!!!!!
RT @jjauthor: The flaw in the thinking of those who believe tax increases are good- is that they think the govt will be productive w the ...
Karzai is another war begging to happen
@f396 Hillary looks like she should have retired months ago. She should lose the hairdo, looks like a witch
RT @f396: America......has Clintons fatigue.............Hillary.....enjoy your retirement........!!!!!!
RT @jjauthor: There is no incentive to spend wisely when you are spending $ that is not your own on other people.
@JuanitaMcFadden Thanks, that was some game, I tell you
@JuanitaMcFadden well what can I say about that?
Will Gorbachov endorse Putin in the upcoming Commie election? Maybe he'll run for Veep
@FOX2now now 5-0
George Bush doesn't look as though he's enjoying the game too much!
@junerenner Any restrictions on his license?  Was he an organ donor?
@tinastullracing TBIF:  Thank Barack It's Friday!
@ResistTyranny yeah, I saw her do that and thought it was kind of weird especially for someone in a diplomatic position.
@62seabee You may be right
@teacherspets Better yet, Has Obama kept ANY promise other than to campaign negatively?
RT @proudamericans: Obamas new book "The Presidency for Dummies" written by Karl Marx
@littlebytesnews He forgets to add that his country supplies weapons to whomever for fun and/or profit
@DesertScene for a former governor of a border state Napolitano gives no evidence she understands the problem at all
RT @adkhermit: Name successes the GVT gets involved in other than the military. Darn few! Obamacare is a corrupt disaster & has sunk the ...
@MelissaTweets he's coming pretty damn close!
I saw someone describe Obama as "professorial.". God help the world if that's true. He is just pedantic.
@lheal I'm not sure any speaker could do it as long as the Senate remains under the control of Dirty Harry and The Do Nothing Dems
RT @N_IdahoElection: RT @IamTheWindowMan RT @petecummings1: @sbiam: CAIN HAS A NINE NINE NINE PLAN OBAMA HAS A MINE MINE MINE PLAN
Barack is and always has been employed by The Barack Obama Bridge Sales Company and hes always ready to sell you one!
@14Kathi I've only been in a Wal-Mart twice in my life and see no reason to visit one again!
@Zacharycohen Bush & others did all the work and Obarfo takes the glory. I credit him with NOTHING
@14Kathi is "pervert mart" the same as Wal-Mary?
@Illumnative_Vis well, this fits both Biden and Obarfo but I would hesitate to say either is an intellectual
@OBAMA_CZAR and that would include all of Obama's "advisors."
@The_Q_is It's not so much that Biden lies but it's too much that he NEVER thinks about what he's going to say. Idiot!
RT @townhalltz: Banks got bailed out. We got sold out....looking for a handout. Uh, sorry. Got carried away listening to the monotone ch ...
@oreillyfactor this is what community organizing is all about - unfortunately
@foxnation Obama LOVES to announce stuff but he doesn't like to DO stuff
The good thing about Cain as a candidate is that he's legit  - he's been responsibly employed his woke life = EXPERIENCE BHO has 0
RT @TheAmericanPuls: @elarmstrong Should the Senate have passed the half % increase on the wealthy?Vote at http://t.co/JHpX7N75 Please R ...
RT @Eyes4clouds: ITs too damn bad Obama isn't headed for prision
@michaelemlong You mean more landscape engineers?
RT @JohnSWright49: The @barackobama reign will collapse under its own (or #MichelleObama's) weight.
@Wodego Hiiary is so bad and she needs a new hairdo bot wait if she moves in with Karzai shell have to cover that do anyway
@slone I don't give O credit for that or anything else. Groundwork was laid by others
@PolarCoug Yes! It's called Obama country
@jjauthor There so many things O hasn't learned!
@kesgardner looks that way
@libertydefender they are dueling, that's for sure
@jjauthor O had NO lessons at all!
@Tori_Lennox Garcia just got his 7th strike out then gave up base hit
@jjauthor NO
@ReloadRepeat most of that Hollywood group are persons of modest intellectual attainment so mostly they haven't a clue
FDR had his "brain trust" but BHO's group resides on the opposite end of the anatomy!
@ocha2322 it's just as well he's dead - his brain left him some time ago
RT @patriotmom61: How true RT @CJFontenot1 No USA Citizen owes allegiance 2 the POTUS. Every USA Citizen owes allegiance 2 our Country & ...
@ConservativeGal Chicago is just one of many big cities under the control of Dems. St Louis has Ben for 62 years & it's dying a slow death
@dogcicle I hard it was the Ghost of John Wayne
@MattBlunt #Chipotle is just another Mexican restaurant with disgusting Mexican garbage-food?
@1ststarfighter it's Joe & Barry's Laugh In
@WayoftheWizard Never heard that one before
@policygal The writers in Time are, for the most part, left wing nut jobs
Is Barack going to attend Moamar's funeral?
Random thought:  I hate Facebook
@Ericatwitts he thinks he's a national community organizer
RT @f396: Next time do not elect a Socialist community organizer.......!!!!!!!
RT @f396: Obama an empty suit that never had a real job.....and you expect him to lead America.....?????.....
@LANURSE1 you can say that again!
RT @LANURSE1: BHO says "GOP wants Dirty air, Dirty water?" All I want is the FILTHY LIAR out of the White House. #teaparty #Tcot http:// ...
@blakehalltexas but of course they want to cleanse us from the Obama scourge. I like being a republican.
@preciousliberty this is one of the reasons I hate Facebook
@LazarusStrain I'll have to check these out
RT @GulagBound: I’ll Keep the USA and Y’all Can Keep the Change http://t.co/N1La6WUK #tcot #TeaParty #g8m
The White House & all it's minions is little more than a circus Big Top and BO is the ringmaster/clown rolled into one
@quoteshash I guess since she was a tennis player that was good
RT @preciousliberty: Allen West &gt; Obama Intentionally Killing the Economy | Fox Nation http://t.co/FzDR7a0s #ocra #teaparty #tcot #ic ...
RT @preciousliberty: Obama Losing the Support of Independent Voters | Red Dog Report http://t.co/PguIplxX #teaparty #tcot #icon #sgp #tlot
@POTUSISBAD4US she needs to check into an asylum
After the White House the Obamas are planning to buy a McDonalds franchise and make it vegetarian with nothing fried
@Unite4Liberty As I said, he's a carnival con man
Barack's experience as a community organizer qualifies him to drive a Mr. Smoothie Ice Cream Truck in bad neighborhoods
Barack could be a replacement for Patrick Jane on the Mentalist - A Carnival Con Man
@anna12061 Well, Deval will probably feel right at home with them
RT @TruthReportNow: @GovernorPerry "And the truth is you can't rev up the engine of economic growth by heaping higher taxes on job creat ...
@Unite4Liberty yep this is how he pushes his "policy"
The "occupier's" brawl in St. Louis is a result of no republican mayors in STL since 1949 (like most cities)
@Unite4Liberty Wouldn't it be more like Obama's secret police?
Good Morning and Have a Wonderful Day! @MyBlogMaze @N_IdahoElection @Suzie_at_Coshoc
The Best To You This Morning! @GiaGhere7454 @rayuotila1 @Clearbluephoto @AmericanGirl24 @AlyciaCameliaB
Have a Great Day, Enjoy It All! @Oxco @sdandrea123 @ThinkCenter1968
Good Morning!  Have a Wonderful Day @KingJamesVrsn @Palin2012USA @ArleenStrauss83
Have a Great Day! @Lsville_NEWStwt @NorthStar_Alarm @JPWilsonOnline @EZOnlineOptions @summerlove1524 @olaviablog
Good Morning @RedaProductions @MikeMunzing @RyanMauro @tubbybubba
Good Morning @ArianaR8985 @Pipsqueak2 @ecnarb @juana4Dixon @Loyal9 @NeoWesternCiv @askkencheung @GergesHanna @wiskey1249 @elianabenador
Great Americans!Carpe Diem!@BillHibbler @sandyjones6 @drhenslin @Magnolia_OMG @RetireHappyPlan @BillVick @CAGovDebate @airbrat77
#FF@CO2HOG @usmcdog @Conservativeind @theRealExTex @IronTramp @TeaTephi @PatriotAirborne @livingourlegacy
Good Morning@IndieNickSL @dogcicle @HistoryDebates @ManhattenDec @politicsandmore @tennalynn @BorisBad
The Best To You This Morning @Torkenstein @Max597 @EvilConservativ @Dinkiedow
Enjoy the Day!@AndrewW486 @DebbyBruck @poochie7060 @proserv
Good Morning!  The Best of the Day! @USLibertyBell @procopy @ShanelKindliman @StevenRothberg @Staunton_OMG @WizardsNEWS140 @eyeluv2laff
@GOPnews Well, Rick ought to be careful or someone might start saying he's a "cult"
I don't want to link my facebook account to this twtter account why do I keep getting pop-ups to link them...how can one stop this/
Good Morning  @Lynmorales @Manday_at_Odessa @dalytweet @PRBFilms @redTrends @OurReaganNation @jolene_blalock @Marienepien
Good Morning@Chriscarroll50 @skinflint @JimELiv @
Have a Wonderful Day!@dogcicle @HistoryDebates @ManhattenDec @politicsandmore @tennalynn @BorisBad
Hi and Good Morning! @LarryBriscoe @TCTaxTeaParty @KristeeKelley @WaylandSmalley
Good Morning @SheLookslikeYES @bearister
Good Morning@Young4Lynchburg @clientprofiles ENJOY THE 4TH WEEKEND!
Have a Great Fourth!Enjoy the Day! @FreeAllCaptives
The Best to You This Morning @SanAntn_NEWSStwt @Fermin4307 @JaneKapetanos @Mckenzie_4249 @FreeRepublicUSA @LawyerVideoMktg @JWelbyLTCFP
Have a Great Day!@margotwarren1 @alexmillermusic
Have a Great Day@PostalWatchDog @nyctec @hypnosis_powerx 	@Trebor123
Have a Great Day@jonivanco @Linny_Buck @ChrisZump @wiskey1249 @elianabenador @Reloaded_Egg @JosephAGallant
Good Morning, Have a Great Day! @WorldsBarsGurl @CandyFord Have a Great 4th Weekend!
Good Morning, Have a Great Day @ShelookslikeYES @marymarro @Marla1705 @cachaclara @AndrewW486
Have a Great Day @mountivation @Alethia6814 @lauraleeirish @mygocredix @TesslerPT @ConradSaam
Greetings!@IndieNickSL @HistoryDebates @ManhattenDec @politicsandmore @tennalynn @BorisBad @Broad_Reach @samhart1984
Good Morning, Enjoy the Day!@GaltsGirl @DCGere @Dr_Rose @twistieanne @markjuelich @craigmo2 @ME_Leclerc1776
Good Morning!  Have a Wonderful Day! @shoutpad @RestoredWarrior
Have a Great Day and Enjoy Yourself@JeffersonFrog @melaniejane88 @littlebytesnews @ChirpyBebo @Luuux
The Best to You This Morning!@BarkingDogrr @lhughes @LarryBriscoe @TCTaxTeaParty @KristeeKelley @WaylandSmalley
Good Morning!@1picstory @anniewetherbee @2thumbsup @CarleePollett53 @donthitmen @ElijahCreger @GLBTN1
The Best 2 U@Show_You_How @ProDevNetworker @iTherapeia @FreeMarketJobs @HemalRadia @BestHunting @plumbusby @1jrstafford @StrongBlkSweet
Follow These Folks Any Day!:@BillHibbler @sandyjones6 @drhenslin @Magnolia_OMG @RetireHappyPlan @BillVick @CAGovDebate
Good Morning@EmilioKaram
Good Morning and Have a Wonderful Day @Greencastlehill @Kinderbeten @kristeddymdfacs @ichwillabheben @MuscleQuest @debtfreeguy
Have a Great Day! @AlishaSpycher @herbydurb @Stand_UpAmerica @othertalkfill
Good Morning, the Best to You This Morning@tommytrc @LogCabinNY	@gatewaypatriot @disabilitybens
The Best to You This Morning @SanAntn_NEWSStwt @Fermin4307 @JaneKapetanos @Mckenzie_4249 @FreeRepublicUSA @LawyerVideoMktg @JWelbyLTCFP
Salutes These Great Friends:  @LarryBriscoe @KristeeKelley @WaylandSmalley @mlmsuccessstory
Greetings @IronTramp @1SupremeGoddess @theRealExTex @Conservativeind @usmcdog @CO2HOG @SilverJingles @pulpe @irritatedwoman
The Best to You This Morning@bleelz8 @JeremyJenkins10
Good Morning! Enjoy the Day! @ConservativeLA @CareyVAzzarra @gevarace @SocialMediaTwit @6_Minutes_ja_Day SMILE, IT'S A LONG WEEKEND!
Good Morning @jetts424 @livingourlegacy @PatriotAirborne @TeaTephi @IronTramp @1SupremeGoddess @pulpe @irritatedwoman
Smile!@Luuux @Elphasiont @tcottruth @catinflorida @dimplesAng @DailyBenefactor
Good Morning @cachaclara @AndrewW486 @DebbyBruck @poochie7060 2proserv @legaleagleMHM @ArticFox2012
Good Morning!  Enjoy the Day!@LesBKK @DrJeffersnBoggs
Have a Great Day and Enjoy Yourself! @FreeRepublicUSA @LawyerVideoMktg @JWelbyLTCFP
Have A Great Day @All_Saints_STL @ACandyTweet @OmaClosey @chizll @idiomaticone @mlmsuccessstory @WaylandSmalley
Good Morning@she1040 @EnvisionWA @WaylandSmalley @CatVon_K @negretebooks @Ample_Ambient @SabineBraun @Lady_Penquin @Arizona_Lawyers
The Best to You This Morning @SanAntn_NEWSStwt @Fermin4307 @JaneKapetanos @Mckenzie_4249 @FreeRepublicUSA @LawyerVideoMktg @JWelbyLTCFP
Good Morning@Smalltalkwitht @sheriffjim @dbudlov @Impeach_bHo @DameYankee @vietnamvet_1967 @RichardRyder444 @MacinFlorida @MortalDEElight
Good Morning@TeaPartyNJ @genjunky @imsure @Evil @Karen_CVT @BrianINC @lhughes @BarkingDogrr @LarryBriscoe @TCTaxTeaParty
Best To YouToday @JasonTnBWhitman @DCGere @sonofjohnburns @DailyBenefactor @DDJTJ @kyungai @sNapPeRHeaD @stoplibs @JonathanLamb @Indexma
Good Morning!@FreeRepublicUSA @trodoabumsoutgrl @chesspolls @ezyhelper @Wes4President @buonman @TrumpetsofGod @Jason_Ramsey
Cheers! Enjoy Today @torilennox @1anobody @Maggie @ArmyInfantryMom @NotTypicalBlond @FloridaJayhawk @WayoftheWizard HAVE A GREAT 4TH!
Good Morning @Luuux @Elphashiont @tcottruth @catinflorida @dimplesAng @DailyBenefactor @Merylee @USA_Patriot @HAshleyC
Good Morning @AmericanVin1 @Superstone2010 @keeponkeepingon @jamesaberry @missebby @tj_casey @calamityjanie @bugsarecool @Moronic1
Good Morning@ichwillabheben @MuscleQuest @debtfreeguy @jonivanco @Linny_Buck @ChrisZump HAVE A GREAT 4TH WEEKEND!
Good Morning, Have a Great Day and Great Weekendf! @RudiStettner @CraLeighingram @PelosiScheme @Heleneuj81
Is this when Stone decides to get a vasectomy. http://t.co/TB9CYHKN @GetGlue #SonOfStone
I unlocked the Mobiler sticker on @GetGlue! http://t.co/R65O6E1g
I like lisbeth salendar, we could use her in Washington , she might actually get something done! http://t.co/v6tUN9qz @GetGlue
@ocha2322 sounds like part of "hope & change" that ee have to believe since its happening
#FFGood Morning@Indexma @NonLiberalVTer @robertcpa @ginthegin @TPOs_Favorites @johnnyA99 @PTBossMan
#FFGood Morning, the Best To You:  @AngelaHotGirl @jimmylemons @Shotgun15e @lemissball
#FFGood Morning!  Have a Great Day!  @EffingEpic @shapemaker4 @WoodRN @Wrkn_n_Wichita
#FFGood Morning and Have a Great Day! @johnwquinn @WiseBizLeader @southrngirl77
#FFGood Morning!  Have a Good Day@DailyBenefactor @Merylee @USA_Patriot
#FFSmiles, Have a Great Day!:@dbudlov, @Impeach_bHo @DameYankee @vietnamvet_1967 @RichardRyder444 @MacinFlorida @MortalDEElight @bonzmarella
#FFThe Best to You This Morning!@HistoryDebates @ManhattenDec @politicsandmore @tennalynn @OnlineAffairs @marketingideax @Angela_4_Enid
#FFThe Best to You This Morning!@dbudlov @Impeach_bHo @DameYankee @vietnamvet_1967 @RichardRyder444 @MacinFlorida @MortalDEElight
#FFHello@RaywBriscard @NJCJR79 @Demre @proctorshow @WhileNot @torilennox@1anobody @Maggie @ArmyInfantryMom @NotTypicalBlond @FloridaJayhawk
#FFGood Morning@chatlatvaaho lzee11 @2mightyiampower @PositiveParents @mzee26 @elisatalk @litecruise
Where do these polls come from, it sounds as though Obarfo is becoming more popular
How do you stop the facebook page from trying to get you to link to twitter?  very annoying
I don't want Facebook, I don't like Facebook, get rid of it
Hello@RaywBriscard @NJCJR79 @Demre @proctorshow @WhileNot @torilennox@1anobody @Maggie @ArmyInfantryMom @NotTypicalBlond @FloridaJayhawk
Good Morning!Enjoy the Day!@melaniejane88 @littlebytesnews @ChirpyBebo @Luuux @Elphashiont @tcottruth @catinflorida Happy New Year!
Good Morning, Have a Great Day!@GeekGirl @jetts424 @JimELiv @skinflint @Chriscarroll50 @inhuggermugger @CassandraTroy @hlamode
Greetings Have a Great Day!@HistoryDebates @ManhattenDec @politicsandmore @tennalynn @BorisBad @Broad_Reach @samhart1984 @2defense_laywer
Good Morning! @imsure @Wild_Phil @butchhouser @Ilario_Pantano @0402sgirl @wizard001 @BurkeanMama @sheriffjim @CAHomeGuard @LesBKK
Good Morning@ChirpyBebo @Luuux @Elphashiont @tcottruth @catinflorida @dimplesAng @DailyBenefactor @Merylee @USA_Patriot @HAshleyC
Good Morning and Have a Great Day@theRealExTex @Conservativeind @MacinFlorida @LarryBriscoe @KristeeKelley
Have a Great Day! @gds44 @itsa1poundthing
Have a Great Day and Weekend! @VisedMonk @arnehull
Good Morning and Have a Great Day@dbudlov @Impeach_bHo @DameYankee @vietnamvet_1967 @RichardRyder444 @MacinFlorida @MortalDEElight
Hi@Reloaded_Egg @JosephAGallant @ME_Leclerc1776 @craigmo2 @markjuelich @twistieanne @Dr_Rose @DCGere @GaltsGirl @hlamode @CassandraTroy
Good Morning!  Have a Great Day! @Lynette_Lewis @snyder777
Good Morning @JeremyJenkina10 @6o7 @Kat_at_Elmira @UpInTheHills @RonaldHowes @LionessOfJudeah @LaurieHosken
Have a Great One!@junerenner @unicornmajik @BirdWatcherLady @djsl82 @indeedblues @RickOffermann @AshleyTurnerIKO
Good Morning @USA_Patriot @HAshleyC @GreatHairGuy @nesredepekim @Phabi @SeoWizardry
Good Morning and Have a Great Day! @Young4Lynchburg @JacqueMacklimGQ @MaddAdder
Good Morning! Have a Great Day! @N_IdahoElection @Needadegree @QuickGoodFortun
Good Morning!@LoriS @ThorntonB1 @vixen021473 @LibWhacker1776 @RaywBriscard @NJCJR79 @Demre @proctorshow @WhineNot @torilennox
The Best to You this Morning@arnehull @VisedMonk @yeagerhood @Paceset9999 @RockyII @gone_fishin @JeffersonFrog
Good Morning@Young4Lynchburg @clientprofiles
The Best to You This Morning@mlmmeducation @keepinussafe @radiotabu @activiti @softsolution @RonaWexler @LooseTeaReview
Good Morning! @MamaLuvsJesus @jjburdett @CelticFire69 @adriana714 @fightislamnow @kmita3
Have a Wonderful Day! @orlando4meek @Survcast
Good Morning@LoriMoreno @bridgebldr @taxreformer @CTconserv @GenRachel @Leo_Pusateri @RiverRoads @River_City
Good Morning!@JasonBWhitman @Lostmybeer @jsringo @kyungai @sonofjohnburns @sNapPeRHeaD @stoplibs @JonathanLamb
Good Morning, The Best to You Today! @hospitality_law @BillBateman1 @ondrock @regul8this @hautechris @AZGadsden @pvenable
Good Morning!@hlamode @CassandraTroy @inhuggermugger
Good Morning! @MamLuvsJesus @jjburdett @CelticFire69 @adriana714 @fightislamnow @kmita3 @kandi_at_Wapako
Best To You This Morning!@RightToWorship @CarsonsGma @MissK3n
The Best to You This Morning@AmeliaUSA @Noemi_at_Salina @UpInTheHills @RonaldHowes @Kat_at_Elmira @LionessOfJudeah @LaurieHosken
Good Morning@StevenRothberg @Staunton_OMG @WizardsNEWS140 @eyeluv2laff @LoriMoreno @bridgebldr @taxreformer @CTconserv
Hello@RaywBriscard @NJCJR79 @Demre @proctorshow @WhileNot @torilennox@1anobody @Maggie @ArmyInfantryMom @NotTypicalBlond @FloridaJayhawk
Good Morning and Enjoy the Day! @Needadegree @clientprofiles @QuickGoodFortun
Where did Obarfo and Biden dig up the likes of Jay Carney?
@NatalieDuvalNY Yeah, the big hippocrit has to say that buffoon that he is
FL Michelle is warning that failure to re-elect the Annointed One could have dire effects on composition of Supreme Court
Obarfo is going to be in town today to promote his JOBS(?) bill - that will mess up traffic for sure
Maybe Obama is trying to be like Teddy Roosevelt - Obama and his "ORiders" wander around blaming others for the damage they do
@GlobalMonKahuna At heart, Obama IS a teamster
@Daggy1 A figment of Obarfo's imagination
I unlocked the Ken Follett sticker on @GetGlue! http://t.co/3sFsg8Xk
I unlocked the Ready for Fall TV! sticker on @GetGlue! http://t.co/AfJpSPpo
Just listening http://t.co/PnF3UPgK @GetGlue @oreillyfactor
Started pretty slow but gradually built momentum. It was the first Coulter book I read and I will read another. http://t.co/yOOa9toj
I thought the plot in this was one of Patterson's best in recent times. http://t.co/JE81GZEi @GetGlue #KillMeIfYouCan
I saw Bill Mahr on Leno last night - did somebody tell him he was sn intellectual or something?  What a buffoon
@SheriNtexas he plays golf a lot and this keeps him from doing bad things
Now that Obarfo kicked off his 2012 campaign before a joint sesdion is he going to use his new million dollar bus to try & sell it.
According to @Klout, @elarmstrong's Klout score is 51.  How influential are you? http://t.co/m3FSD4V
RT @eyeluv2laff: RT @SandGripper: No one will hire #unions now except Government. They rip off corporations and tax payers. #unions scre ...
@eyeluv2laff @Drudge_Report No UAW  in India
@Reloaded_Egg, sign up for Klout and see how we compare! http://t.co/Jlab5KB
All I can say about the upcoming football season is I can't wait till it's over!
@GetReal1953 makes me look differently at NASCAR
@All_Saints_ obtain mercy
@ConservativeGal well poor Obama had to cut his vacation short
@commonsensei yeah, I like her. She's smart
@BillZucker yeah, it's a great show. Never miss it.
RT @5sahandful: If Ted Kennedy's former presser likes Huntsman- he can vote for him, conservative constitutionalist will not
@impoTex I was never impressed with Ted Kennedy and I don't think I lend any particular weight to Ted's press secretary
@pulpe yep, none of them ever make it out of there.
What are "straight" thrillers?
@kesgardner Unfortunately, I think Rush is probably correct.
RT @Blueberrier0341: I wouldn't expect liberals to stop using the race card..you're pretty good at doubling down on failing ideas. #twis ...
@pulpe the librarian is part of an Obama Jobs Program
Good Morning@inhuggermugger @Chriscarroll50 @skinflint @JimELiv @jetts424 @tanphill @GeeekGirl @livingourlegacy @PatriotAirborne @TeaTephi
Good Morning and Hare a Great Day!@BorisBad @Broad_Reach @samhart1984 @2defense_lawyer @tnlawgirl @chatlatvaaho @lzee11 @2mightyiampower
Good Morning and Have a Great Day! @Alexeyanna1 @AlishaSpycher @herbydurb @Stand_UpAmerica @othertalkfill
#FFGood Morning!@ChirpyBebo @Luuux @Elphashiont @tcottruth @catinflorida @dimples_Ang @dimplesAng @DailyBenefactor @Merylee
#FFThe Best To You This Morning@TALKFUSIONELITE @articlemagick @PeteNewton1386
#FF @Household6Diva @Wiechman_in_sti @PhilReinhardt @imaconfused @newgameoflife @Beveagy @seotedhead @SaulStroud_
#FFGood Morning!Enjoy Today!@KatrinaYobotz @values84 @OMG_VrgnBch @TALK_N_CHAT_DC @Helpm8
#FFGood Morning To You! @DougDauntless @karenkwilliam @brokeman123 @kimclark4 @US_Immigration @vivien292
#FFGood Morning and Have a Great Day!@UnitedWeServe @MaryJGansemer @NannaDianne24 @rei_suke @RoseWard85 @ewephoric
#FF@Lady_Liberty @CassandraTroy @TrendyDC @steveshoemaker @PoisonEis @Fogdood @johncslaughter @alvalanche
#FFGood Morning!  Enjoy Today! @IAmAFatherBook @HealthTalkToday @randyeking
#FFHave a Great Day! @ABBUKA @InternetGuru7 @billyandjanel @AuthorLMartin @stobiemas @barkerofnc @DreamSponsoring
#FFEnjoy the Day! @ShippersAgent
#FFGood Morning!@RichardRyder444 @Macinflorida @MortalDEElight
#FFHave a Great Day!@cachaclara @AndrewW486 @DebbyBruck @poochie7060 @proserv @legaleagleMHM @ArcticFox2012 @junerenner @unicornmajik
#FFHello@RaywBriscard @NJCJR79 @Demre @proctorshow @WhileNot @torilennox@1anobody @Maggie @ArmyInfantryMom @NotTypicalBlond @FloridaJayhawk
#FFHave a Great Day @wiskey1249  @elianabenador
It's 94 here but it feels worse than that.
Hello@RaywBriscard @NJCJR79 @Demre @proctorshow @WhileNot @torilennox@1anobody @Maggie @ArmyInfantryMom @NotTypicalBlond @FloridaJayhawk
Good Morning, The Best To You This Morning! @joelhamlet @10thAmendAbuse @FreeRepublicUSA @LawyerVideoMktg @dailytweet
Good Morning!@airbrat77 @idiomaticone @kissmygumbo @abusedtaxpayer @ciaobella50 @arnehull @VisedMonk @yeagerhood
Good Morning! @trulytexan @getfingerpoken @mike_niland
Good Morning!@Patriot_Grrrl @Susan7inGA @VermontAttorney @cnsrvtvbeacon @LeftfootLeeds @mimsuccessstory @airbrat77 @YollaD @sitesandsounds
Good Morning!@ShanelKinkliman @StevenRothberg @Staunton_OMG @WizardsNEWS140 @eyeluv2laff @Dinkiedow
Good Morning @jsringo @kyungai @sonofjohnburns @sNapPeRHeaD @stoplibs @JonathanLamb @Indexma @NonLiberalVTer @robertcpa @ginthegin
Have a Wonderful Day @DebbyBruck @poochie7060 @proserv @legaleagleMHM @ArticFox2012 @junerenner @unicornmajik
Good Morning and Have a Great Day@DaTweetinOne @HYSPAID @Bjr_Desillusion @dockane
Good Morning and Have a Great Day! @GloriaMagnoni @sherryltharp @denelifi @MLBLINKS @all0ssapx
Hi@RaywBriscard @NJCJR79 @Demre @proctorshow @WhileNot @torilennox @1anobody @Maggie @ArmyInfantryMom @NotTypicalBlond @FloridaJayhawk
Good Morning and the Best to You Today! @SandraWrightUSl @moonroach @AFPArkansas @Tampa_140news @JessAlston @RushRunsAmerica
Good Morning @freedomwarrior2 @Geneva42062 @Devona59176 @LaviniaMerkey28 @jhennGemiNi @MrRandysgirl @Tbluek @ksemgs @VotingFemale
Have a Great Day Today@sno_buny @chrispoppinga @Tammy_4_wedding
Good Morning! @CharlotteDUILaw @Nancy846 @ChristianGAdams @TopLegalNews @Conn_twtNEWS @Loren_4_Danvill @LanaVladi @games_tweets
Have a Wonderful Day! @GenRachel @Leo_Pusateri @RiverRoads @River_City @tj_casey @readmylipstick @andilinks @LoriS
Good Morning! Enjoy the Day@Dr_Rose @Qwitterz @jetts424 @KLSouth @jimeliv @FToddFerrara @MelissaTweets @ROCKWITHBECK @PMgeezer
Good Morning! @djsl82 @indeedblues @RickOffermann @AshleyTurnerIKO @thebitterapp @LibertyImages @USLibertyBell @procopy
Have a Wonderful Day! @SanAntn_NEWSStwt @Fermin4307 @JaneKapetanos @Mckienzie_4249
The Best To You This Morning! @pamelahobbs1964 @Junewk70 @RB_SoTx @lifefoodtravel @cplankey @LCBaum
Good Morning!@MySOdotCom @votenobodyinc @TedInJest
Good Morning and Have a Great Day!@NorthStar_Alarm @JPWilsonOnline @EZOnlineOptions @summerlove1524 @olaviablog @CandyFord484
Good Morning@americantees @KFord1155 @tanphill @ShootHistory @BenedictBright @angelfleming @politlobotomy @America1First @WakeTheGiants
@GregWHoward Yep, he's like a spoiled brat who whines and cries unless it goes his way
@Torkenstein Couldn't be too much worse, might even get better if Obarfo leaves and doesn't come back
@rockingjude I can offer a few thoughts, but then, on the other hand I better not
Harry Reid has volunteered to lead a group of warriors to axe Ghaddafi once and for all...Reid's Raiders, Go Harry and don't come back!
Will Obarfo visit the nude beach on the Vineyard?  I hope the press follows him there but we don't need to see the photos
@rockingjude Whom to you plan to use this on?
Have a Good One! @mlmmeducation @keepinussafe @radioabu @activiti @softsolution @RonaWexler @LosseTeaReview @KatrinaYobotz
Good Morning@Diamonddebyoerg @LisaHayesVO @Bldr_John @missmarple69 @FrickinMitch @JustMelinda71 @ProudlyWeHailed @jeffcourter
Good Morning  @MyLIfeIsGleek @DavWhite @JGPC_Law @carynPeacobee @mountainkat @JoelCaldareraNC @1picstory
Good Morning!@ThorntonB1 @vixen021473 @LibWhacker1776 @RaywBriscard @NJCJR79 @Demre @proctorshow @WhineNot
Good Morning!@jetts424 @tanphill @GeeekGirl @VoteJesseKelly @BookSmart7
You Can Count on These Folks!@ SeoWizardry @IndieNickSL @dogcicle @RhebaShinall @nobama2012 @ratha10 LukasMoh
Good Morning and Have a Great Day! @HideMyIP @newbielover2011 @pintolaw
The Best to You This Morning!Have a Great Day! @Kaye4Younstown
Good Morning!@arnehull @VisedMonk @yeagerhood @Paceset9999 @RockyII @gone_fishin @JeffersonFrog @melaniejane88 @littlebytesnews
Good Morning and Enjoy the Day! @Viva_La_Pooh @ElliDigby
Have a Great Day @Reloaded_Egg @JosephAGallant @ME_Lelcerc1776
The Best to You Today!@twistieanne @Dr_Rose @DCGere @GaltsGirl @hlamode @CassandraTroy @inhuggermugger
Good Morning @BirdWatcherLady @djsl82 @indeedblues @RickOffermann @AshleyTurnerIKO @thebitterapp @LibertyImages @procopy @ShanelKindliman
Good Morning, The Best to You Today! @Familbeltrao @Legassee_Archive @Songberries
Good Morning and Have a Great Day!@GenRachel@jjauthor @WebReadyLawyers @Beveagy @seotedhead @SaulStroud_ @belladangelo @EvilFlyingMonkies
Today's Best To You @TPOs_Favorites @johnnyA99 @PTBossMan @DesertCactus @slicedsky @jaciwin @MarineReconDad @ToddPalin
Best To You ThisMorning@KristeeKelley @WaylandSmalley @mlmsuccessstory @airbrat77 @idomaticone @kissmygumbo @abusedtaxpayer @ciaobella50
Smile!@RaywBriscard @NJCJR79 @Demre @proctorshow @WhileNot @torilennox @1anobody @Maggie @ArmyInfantryMom @NotTypicalBlond @FloridaJayhawk
Hello!  Enjoy the day @Bjr_Desillusion @BrettGreene @Ramikantari @tmaemarketing @sno_buny @chrispoppinga @Tammy_4_wedding
Hello@RaywBriscard @NJCJR79 @Demre @proctorshow @WhileNot @torilennox @1anobody@Maggie @ArmyInfantryMom @NotTypicalBlond @FloridaJayhawk
Have a Great Day @joelhamlet @frfrankpavone @10thAmendAbuse @FreeRepubicUSA @LawyerVideoMktg @dailytweet
Good Morning! @CleliaGuralGLHC @keerafbby206 @CarlDayshore @jilevin @BlackSheepViews
Have a Great Day Today and Every Day! @JuanMitchell128 @RightWingQuotes @RhebaShinall @n0bama2012 @ratha10 @LukasMoh
#FFThe Best to You for a Great Day! Hope you Don't have Snow!@WizardsNEWS140 @eyeluv2laff @LoriMoreno @bridgebldr @taxreformer @CTconserv
Have a Great Day, Enjoy It All! @Oxco @michaelpleahy @RedaProductions @MikeMunzing
Have a Great Day@LarryBriscoe @TCTaxTeaParty @KristeeKelley @WaylandSmalley @mlmsuccessstory @anticommie @MarkRMatthews
Have a Great Day @BillHibbler @sandyjones6 @drhenslin	@Magnolia_OMG @RetireHappyPlan @BillVick @CAGovDebate
The Best to You this Morning@HAshleyC @GreatHairGuy @nesredepekim @Phabi @DrMiaRose @RightToWorship @CarsonsGma @MissK3n
@OneVeritas @addthis Georgie is simply wrong. His buddies in Congress made that legal.
#FF@edytazach @tommytrc @LogCabinNY @MySOdotCom @votenobodyinc @TedInJest
#FF @wiskey1249 @elianabenador @Reloaded_Egg @JosephAGallant @Smalltalkwitht @irritatedwoman @pulpe @SilverJingles
#FF:@GreatHairGuy @nesredepekim @Phabi @SeoWizardry @IndieNickSL @dogcicle @HistoryDebates @ManhattenDec @politicsandmore
#FFHave a Great Day @kandi_at_Wapako @MyLifeIsGleek @DavWhite @JGPC_Law @carynPeacobee @mountainkat @JoelCaldareraNC
#FF @tutorpundit @lw2067 @martipyke @RWKservices @chesspics @igorkuvykin @GiaGhere7454 @rayuotila1 @Clearbluephoto @AmericanGirl24
#FF@NannaDiane24 @cecilemiranda @ilkaflood @vagstar @pattyoh11 @cways @Warrior_Patriot @SHannitysHair @1SupremeGoddess
#FF @DixieBalderrama @Marcellapl82 @KittyBrenowitz7
#FF @Jonie_4_OK @AndrewJuck23 @PinellasDUI @polkcountydui @crisroy0326 @ChessHotties @SarasotaDui @AffiliateBirdie @lawrenceb3
#FF@dbudlov @Impeach_bHo @DameYankee @vietnamvet_1967 @RichardRyder444 @MacinFlorida @MortalDEElight @bonzmarella @TeaPartyNJ