either of the two could be involved. It's a sensitive time in Syria with the big fight about to finish but tensions would remain high and thus to destabilize Syria further due to academics or fairness would be wrong. In my opinion Assad regime was accused &amp; Russia has upper hand.
OPCW's latest reports about chemical attacks in Duma confirming chlorine was used in attacks on civilians but remaining neutral on who did it is a politically balancing move whereby a part or another of the globe don't want to accuse either Assad regime or rebels and only...
Taliban would hesitate to shun gun and join political mainstream fearing ISIL replacing it. If US puts its exit schedule from Afghanistan to next 5 years or later then its talks with Taliban are doomed to fail. It's a hard and even awkward choice for both to make in wake of ISIL.
Even though I could go wrong here but  I predict Taliban-US talks to conclude without results or even to fail as US just can't make its drawdown schedule to the satisfaction of Taliban and the basic reason for this is the rise of ISIL and its future in Afghanistan. Similarly...
would result in definite reductions in threats to both the nations. I tell you Kim is not mad nor that naive nor that posh that he cannot deal with Moon and Abe. Neither are they so unready and so uncouth that they cannot start talks with Kim. Trump has to agree to give go ahead.
security to both South Korea and Japan. What Kim argued was fit for Moon but possibly not for Trump. The fact is that both South Korea and Japan can agree to let sanctions be lifted on North Korea if it agrees for partial rollback if Pentagon certify that such rollbacks...
different from that of South Korea and Japan though US's views are more professional but unlike Trump Moon and Abe may agree for less and may strike a deal with Kim which is less precise on non-proliferation front if Trump permits so. He has a veto on the matter as US provides...
No matter how courageous projections by both nations be the fact is that it would be very difficult to revive Kim-Trump summit but it shouldn't discourage peacemakers and strategists as Kim will look more towards Moon and Abe. The fact is that security perception of US is...
Topic: Auditory hallucinations: origin of religions	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 358 	Many on earth believe that the idea of gods has to do with certain evolutionary flaws (some error in evolution).... https://t.co/NqA83p7SHu
With all the bloating and gloating and over-projections by Indian media over reality about India air-campaign against Pakistan based terror group it has become almost certain that Modi will retake oath as PM of India in May 19. Possibly INC has granted him walkover.
important factor and can discourage both Taliban &amp; US to defer &amp; delay talking peace &amp; withdrawal of troops respectively. Now this can frustrate all Pakistanis calculations in Afghanistan &amp; the reality about ISIL could be a reason why Trump overtly favored India in its airstrikes
It's really interesting that US is discussing troop withdrawal and its schedule with Taliban. The fact is that US has rightly concluded that it can't win Afghan war and will have to remain satisfied with lesser objectives. However, drawdown is very complex as ISIL is a very...
May has offered her peer a choice between no-deal Brexit and delay. I think lawmakers would choose delay as no-Brexit deal implies ambiguity and political hotch-potch. Brits would like their way of leaving though this is politically contesting and disputed and polarizing.
then if you're in front of wrong person, particularly in front of rich, White American male then you can be object of sexual prey. You see, Americans fail to really understand what capitalism and equality are and hugely overestimate themselves and the might of United States.
relatively free society so how can females be abused, groped and even raped? It requires a pence thinking: most of woman enjoy sexual pervetness and even aggression while few don't. Among those few if you don't have proper race, ethnicity and class (mind you it is and &amp; not or)
A former Trump campaign staffer alleges that he forcibly kissed her. It tells how big and libidinous man Trump is. Obviously! But it also tells at a fact that a woman; even a White one, is a commodity and a thing to be possessed. But then US is a thriving democracy and a...
Joseph, the biological father of Jesus and as per Vatican the second saint of Christianity, is, as per me, die-hard anti-Christianity because if he were not so he would not have allowed Jesus to become what Jesus eventually became: deeply incestuous.
If it were a direct fight between Buhari and Abu Bakr in Nigerian Presidential elections the latter would have won but then there are more than 70 aspirants &amp; thus opposition vote is fragmented. I think the contest is too close to call but possibly Abu Bakr may have slight lead.
Iranian Foreign Minister Zarif's resignation it appears is a showdown attempt between moderates and hardliners in Iranian Parliament and in my opinion has been done at the instance of Rouhani. He is likely to withdraw his resignation if majority of lawmakers ask him to continue.
Trump may like to put forward his case before Kim that risks of regime change when he continue to face international sanctions are equal to he agreeing for full rollback. Both are fraught with great danger to Kim, his family &amp; his loyalist but Kim will reject full rollback try.
I think the humanitarian crisis in Venezuela is going to deepen in coming days as Maduro will remain defiant &amp;unfazed for a while. If US wants to precipitate real changes there it may have to talk to Russia other than continue to put pressure on him through Latin American nations
Portrayal of Mary as Madonna in scene of nativity is as big hyper-imagination of Christians as that of ape-god Hanuman swallowing sun (during his childhood) is of Hindus. Both are similar portrait and thus in certain sense Christians are similar to Hindus.
You know what, Wahhabi bin was trying to imitate political incarnation of bastard Obama during his recent trip to Asia. You know who Wahhabi are? For them all others than them are heathen and worthy-less. And for Obama? All Americans are immigrants and equal! Both are crazy!
compared to what it expects today. But then Gujarati duo &amp; fighting castes from BJP fold have inflated UP so much that it would have to invest hugely in UP but since BJP would not get huge returns in case INC joining regional alliance it would have negative cascading effect on it
The fact is that BJP is investing hugely in UP and is expecting medium to decent returns from those investments, courtesy INC, which has decided to stay away from powerful and hopeful regional alliance of SP and BSP because if it had joined the alliance BJP would get scant
So, she is facing revolt within Tory lawmakers over her failed Brexit strategy &amp; over leading Britain improperly. Her gender matters &amp; it has added to dissent within her party. Her only saving grace is that she speaks within the articulated lines drafted by careful bureaucrats.
May is not a posh politician when compared to his predecessor Cameron. The fact is that her only two utilities are to do dirty scum job which no other Tory lawmaker would like to do and to delay snap polls or second referendum which very few even in opposition benches would want.
Trump has downed ante against China over trade tariffs. This is his known strategy whereby he ups his ante giving extreme threats and then he slides down and relaxes and even reverses those threats earning few things for US. It is okay for US and he can handle Xi and China well.
Topic: Trump fully knows that Guaido is his bitter political opponent and he is conscious about it	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 652 	The law is simple: Russian and Chinese aid reaches targeted Maduro... https://t.co/xRWKbKhvkr
officials in US Embassy but possibly the Minister forgets that the agreement was negotiated by IMF-World Bank and the ground economic realities in the subcontinent are not changed by nationalistic hysteria of either side. So, the official is acting recklessly, out of protocol.
Indian waterways Minister Gadkari has said that India should turn off tap from its side and violate its commitments made under Indus water sharing treaty and force Pakistan to pay price for its daring acts on Indian soil. Sure, his statements must have backing from middle rank
Twitter CEO has decided to miss deadline put up by Indian Parliamentary Committee to appear before them. The fact is that the Indian panel doesn't have legal teeth neither Indian lawmakers know much law and if he has accepted the summon he would have become a global peon.
a major player in that region. Without 200 US troops Turkey will attack YPG and its forces will defeat them eventually paving for increased Syrian and Russian say in the region. I think on this Trump has thought smartly after possibly listening to suggestions by his top generals.
The 200 US troops remaining in North-East Syria won't be there for security purposes but for striking a two-way deal and establish a similar relationship with Turkey and Syrian Kurds. The presence will help contain fight between Turkey and YPG and also stop Assad from becoming
for full rollback &amp; Trump is not complex enough &amp; even dexterous enough to decide about partial rollback. Please don't think that I don't know what NPT is and that that I don't know his constraints due to this treaty. But partial rollback also means drastic reduction in tensions.
If Trump is relying on celestial events (even though comical from my perspectives) to let his summit with Kim succeed then they'll not happen. The fact is like poor astrophysicists of earth he wants to derive a billion 'out of nothing'. So, help me dog! I can bet Kim won't agree
Even though I could go wrong but still I predict that US aid will not reach into Venezuela on 23 Feb. The fact is that Trump is over-relying opn Putin &amp; forgets a fact that Maduro is lesser jockey of Putin than what Guaido is of him. So, he should leave it to undocumented powers.
Federal system gives an American administration right to set out and decide about immigration and citizenship rules and also to decide who can enter United States if national security interests are... https://t.co/GHrSnnd0vW
Federal system gives an American administration right to set out and decide about immigration and citizenship rules and also to decide who can enter United States if national security interests are... https://t.co/Fjs0JuFXRy
Topic: Phantom and Bhagwat	Countries: India and those which have interest and stakes in it	words: 742	I may go wrong here in psycho-system analysis though probability is low but still I warn potential... https://t.co/Pbyk6b1UCD
Topic: Trump will eventually deploy new missiles in Europe; Russia will react to that; neither side will gain but Russia will loose out to United States 	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 548	Trump in his... https://t.co/dkcSsW0GtU
of its antique to be an updated society. But it is a fact that as per earth's standards Britain is powerful and this is what comes out of decision to strip teenage's citizenship. The move would be challenged in Supreme Court but most likely it would uphold the decision.
Britain has stripped a teenager of its citizenship who joined ISIL. This shows that Britain is drifting away from Europe but considering the constraints of Anglican society it is correct interpretation of English law. As such Britain is otherwise a helpless society too proud
want any relationship with China except economic. If Taiwanese speak out their mind honestly and truthfully without fearing China the fact is that I can assert that more than 80% of them consider China as hegemonic and even enemy and same would even like to avoid its presence.
Taiwan has said that it wouldn't strike a peace deal until China rules out use of force. The fact is that China would not rule out use of force &amp; except because of mammoth destruction out of its hypothesized war with China in which US would military take its side Taiwanese don't
would react military endangering entire Europe and itself but not sufficiently US because it has Alaska at its Eastern and Western Europe at its West. The fact is hypothesized missile deployments would be followed by troop deployments and it would increase tensions in Europe.
military assets. In case of Russia targeting US Britain and France will target Russian strategic and other assets and thus by doing so it would face greater military threats than what it could pose to US-Europe combine. The fact is that eventually US would deploy and Russia...
Putin has said that Russia would target US if latter deploys missiles in Europe. Sure, for me US is a rubbish state but still I can confidently say that in case of war Russia cannot take out Washington, DC and Arlington even if it be ready to sacrifice Moscow and its big
considered them as Saudi. Sure, bin might have got to know that he tops recent list of the fantasy objects for Indian females and addressed the media accordingly. Modi is political orphan raised by Trump and seeks his guardianship believing Melania has special affection for him.
Times of India prominently reports that bin vowed all cooperation against terror and 100 billion USD investment in India. It shows that both the newspaper and Modi are fools and also that bin possibly has amassed all Western investments into India in coming decade and...
Topic: Fantasy, sex, Wahhabis and Hindus	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 672	Fantasy is a great equalizer for a set of people and it can act as an anodyne against past and present social, political and... https://t.co/jVRJBLQGq1
Pakistan nor India can claim freer &amp; lesser conditioned capital &amp; technology as Saudis have limited cash and different priorities in other regions and technologically Saudis are worse impotent compared to both Pakistan and India. I think China should worry by this move if true.
The investment that bin is bringing to South Asia could be hybrid in cash and capabilities as US might have discovered a safer route of investment into a crazy region full of anti-White sentiments yet mostly dependent on the race and nations having their majority. So, neither
productivity of its people then idealized views by few. The fact is that US intel can go wrong though I will not defend Trump. The core problem is not Trump's questionable loyalty as he is normal but unflinching &amp;unwavering loyalty of his supporters towards him. Who weighs more?
is that that he is most likely person to win it. So, if Americans are crazy what can be done about it? American media is mostly nasty and very much biased &amp; is too far away from claimed objectivity. Everyone should know that state of a nation depends more on the capability and...
Well Trump's loyalty to US can't be questioned by his one-time belief in Putin's assessment about Kim against the opinion expressed to him by US intelligence community. In the end he is possibly naive but if a single prediction could me made about winner of 2020 race then it
in his entire two terms to win Noble either but he got the prize (now rustic) in his first year of his first term. I tell you even US academics are crazy &amp; don't understand law. Sure, Trump is possibly ribald but Obama was definite idiot&amp; crazy president. Whom would they choose?
Trump has not done anything that he cannot be nominated for Noble Peace Prize his views on illegal immigration, gay sex and substance abuse notwithstanding. Sure, judging from his work till todate he doesn't deserve to win Noble but Obama didn't do anything sufficient enough...
Trump has claimed that his predecessor Obama planned attacking North Korea. I will not talk here about the possible consequences of a war against North Korea to forcibly take out its nuclear and missile... https://t.co/ucVEW9LYzO
If Indian society reveals its capacity truly then politically national parties will loose out maximum with BJP suffering maximum. Regional parties which do not reveal secrets will gain. It's like people loosing faith in elites &amp; it would fracture Indian polity &amp; society further.
not but possibly it is possible as it is least rigid political groupings on earth. I am dead sure that there is no religion in outside planets. However, if a society as a whole follows Anglo-Protestantism then that too will become unproductive &amp; fundamentalist. Religion: Feudal
If a person wants to be pure Wahhabi or a pure Brahmin then in present times he or she should be ready to live in a cave but if their society as a rule follows pure practices then that society will become like Taliban ruled. I wonder if there can be a pure Anglo-Protestant or...
The fact is that Times of India shows all habits of Brahmins or else it would not write so extensively about the most celebrated beggars on earth: Tudors, who claim that their combined family wealth exceeds 100 billion USD but they dine on taxpayers' donations. That's awesome!
The fact is Democrats are worse culpable as what they talk about banning gun-rights and talking about unending immigration to US are impossible and equally unethical talks. The fact is that no President can issue emergency over allowing keeping guns as gun-right is primary right.
I think politicians in US from both sides of political divide are hell bent on making US a nanny state or else Graham would not have talked about probing a procedure by Justice Department's officials to try remove Trump as there is a grey mention about it in the Constitution.
but still lawful within the powers of an American President as authorized in Federal Constitution. So, real impact will be measured how American public &amp; not necessarily directly how Lawmakers opine on his declaration of emergency. I think overall public opinion will be negative.
Trump as Republican Congresspersons' dissenting vote could turn out politically fatal to him. The fact is that Trump couldn't win if Republican Senators as a whole has campaigned against him in 2016 and can't if they do so in 2020. Trump's declaration of emergency is unethical...
The fact is that Congress has procedural and not final powers to disapprove a President declaring emergency as he can use veto against Congresspersons' vote rejecting Trump's emergency declaration. Only thing is that if Congress votes so it could be politically critical for...
to US" EU allies. If EU doesn't own up its responsibility as per int'l law then Trump can really threaten to set ISIL prisoners free near US' drawdown from Syria. The fact is EU claims moral high but want to portray him as political goon which he partly is but not in this case.
Taking back ISIL prisoners is definitely the collective responsibility of extended West even if they don't belong to their countries in case their host countries are unprepared or even unwilling to take them back. Trump is totally correct in issuing statutory warning (or threat)
Earlier it was between West and communist block to divide the world in-between but now there is a competition within the West to align the globe in-between few Western factions. This way the West will overall have greater pie and huger stakes. Don't think it as a fight within it.
The size factor becomes apparent and critical in a protracted battle or in a war between India and Pakistan but I wonder if it would be so in a planned surgical strikes by India against Pakistan. If even US sends its SOFs to Pakistan it will loose many of them in a ground action
The stalemate in Venezuela is expected to continue &amp; could last several weeks but in the end possibly Maduro shall have to agree to hold fresh elections as his support among the military is transitional and will wane out soon. If snap polls are called-in he'll lose out to Guaido.
administered Kashmir? Pakistan side of LoC is heavily fortified and Indian commandos will get a befitting reply from Pakistan but then this Hindu nationalist government of Modi may try to attack Pakistan in a limited sense. Don't believe in the objectivity of subcontinent media.
patrol larger border but it can move its troops in East and North East to its Western borders in case of escalation with Pakistan as China can't open second front fearing US' presence near its borders. So, what would happen if India decides to do surgical strikes on Pakistan
and strength of armies. The fact is that per capita income of India and Pakistan are almost same but because of difference in size of population GDP of India is higher which allows Indian armed forces to import higher and grow bigger armies and air-force. Sure, India has to
Other than nostalgia, nativity and jingoism as shown by intelligentsia what's the difference between military of India and Pakistan? The fact is that they are level off in bravery and passion and irrationality but India is superior than Pakistani military because of size: GDP
Times of India as always writes with a puritan hypocrite Brahmin housewife's skill for whom those related with her are the super-beings but today's Times of India published flimsy and imaginary capacities about India. Sure, Pakistan is a bastard state.
The fact is that United States’ President does not derive legitimacy neither mandate from and because of his party Congresspersons; other Congresspersons are mostly his opponents. But equally it is also a... https://t.co/CqQRd63rRl
public of Venezuela will suffer in this pre-planned and premeditated segmented dogfight. Trump's main agenda is to make shipments from USAID reach border and Putin's main agenda is to protect Maduro for the time being. And both will partly succeed. Guaido is a bigger Jokey.
The crisis in Venezuela will continue for the time being much to the pleasure of both Putin and Trump. The fact is that both Maduro Guaido are jokey and Putin and Trump are segmenting just like they did in Syria. Both will taste partial victories as they've set out but the
Salman is his dad's name. So, what's left of MBS? Only bin which he indeed is. He is coming to South Asia where he'll receive grand welcome. He may have weird opinion about Hindus but possibly he doesn't understand them as all big Hindu nationalists love big Moslem females. Vow!
Anyone can call Mohammad bin-Salman (MBS), the crown prince of Saudi Arabia, as bin since MBS is not his real name but title name after he becomes the crown-prince of the country. The fact is that as per puritan Wahhabi laws writing Mohammad in name or title is an offense and...
United States House of Representatives have passed a bill asking the administration to end United States’ support to Saudi-led coalition in the ongoing war in Yemen. The bill will now go to Senate for a vote... https://t.co/tDKeGAyl2h
policy on South Asia. The fact is that Trump has strong disliking for Hindu things and the fact is that no US President can appreciate Indian nationalism leave alone Hindu nationalism. But Trump has solid reasons to tolerate Modi and take his side in upcoming general elections.
Hindu India or minimally Modi-government and its supporters over-assess and wrongly judge importance of India in US' regional policies. The fact is that era of Pakistan's boycott among Washington, DC's political elites is over and Pakistan is regaining importance back in US'...
Labour can May get the approval of Westminster for her Brexit deal. But if finally Parliament's nod becomes legally binding then it means no agreement on Brexit. This is the reality of today's British politics: fear of revival of ultra-socialist policies and revival of Europe.
utility. The fact is much activism on Brexit means either strengthening of Labour or its return to power. May is carrying dead Brexit on her shoulder to cremate. As much as I know she is not popular and is miscreation of Cameron. I think only by inducing fear of return of...
If second referendum on Brexit is held British as a majority would opt to remain with EU and if snap polls are held then it would be Labour PM in #10. May is not popular with Tories' bigwigs but at least against her instincts she is agreeing for Brexit and this is her only...
Yesterday in a suicide bombing 20 Iranian Revolutionary guards were killed and today in Indian administered Kashmir terrorists attacked Indian soldiers officially killing at least 14 of them there.	Yesterday... https://t.co/VQGgEploHC
Both Russia and United States appear to or pretend to forget that organizing meetings between intractable sides usually don’t result in achieving desirable ends. Sure, without meetings disagreements and... https://t.co/NOrXBKyXur
protecting privacy and individuality of users is the first guiding principles for running a website. You see, laws and nature of humans are interrelated and one cannot have superficial laws above the psychological and anthropological reality of humans. So, people are what they're
laws (though such are foul and fictitious in real terms) for Moslem women. All systems on earth are imperfect and so are social websites. The fact is without intruding the privacy and integrity of all users Twitter and Facebook cannot protect online victims' abuse. However, ...
Twitter CEO Dorsey has said that tech cos around the globe have done enough to protect online abuse victims. True, but they cannot become police neither they can become police. The fact is that abuse is part of culture throughout earth and morality cannot be viewed by written
... and thus its laws could be those belonging to wonderland. The fact is that EU's vision  is reactionary to US' hegemony though its foundation has real basis. However, because of equal voting and not weighted voting such laws could be passed and approved by member-states.
EU has added Saudi Arabia to dirty-money blacklist and such a move could hurt many member countries' business with it. The fact is there is too much idealism differing from practicality in EU and it is bound to obey its own self-harming laws which don't have much basis...
border wall politically risky when House was in their control. Sure, by accepting part funding of his signature campaign Trump loses face among his support-base but otherwise he'll politically shoot his foot as he has greater responsibility than what Democrats have in running gov
I think Trump will have little option other than agreeing to approve border deal reached by both parties Congressional leaders as Democrats would not budge and Republicans just don't have numbers to pass budget. In addition many Republican leaders considered funding the...
Topic: Trump proves himself fickle on border wall issue	Country: United States	words: 456 	United States Congresspersons have reached a compromise deal to partly fund border wall averting another Federal... https://t.co/LpaV3NfWos
I think that lines are clearly drawn in Westminster over Brexit: May will officially seek more time from EU &amp;the latter will oblige. But if seeking consent from Parliament is binding then I think UK is going to seek second opinion from public through referendum or even snap poll.
wives &amp; this is particularly true of young leaders. This is bound to make them corrupt &amp; fallible. Don't think that it is restricted to socialists &amp; centrists; the fact is that in my opinion Trump also takes advice from Melania on state matters with Venezuela being stark example.
Trudeau has lost sacred status after ethics panel decided to probe him in bribery case. The fact is that Macron is another young icon who has lost so much in past few months. The fact is neither Trudeau nor Macron are exceptional; all male Western leaders take advice from...
Russian Duma has backed bill to isolate Russian internet. This tells at that Russians are going to have a parallel worldview &amp; will give full blown up challenge to Western hegemony. They're in all likelihood not going to economically reform &amp; unity within Rest is going to rise.
having near replaceable birth rates (corrected to int) concessions on paying their income taxes. This way more numbers of females will be involved &amp;there will not be genetic crisis in genes' shrinking or expansion. I think it is taxing for a Hungarian woman to have even 4 babies.
I wonder if Victor Orban's offer of women having 4 or more babies paying no income taxes will have so many takers to make it effective or not as having 4 or more babies is not a trend in many middle class parts of Rest. So, he should spread his plan and should offer females...
Democratic Presidential nomination hopeful and United States Senator Elizabeth Warren says that by the time it is 2020 on earth Trump may not be the President and even be a free person.	The fact is that, at... https://t.co/UZKJHPePeb
region and thus Indian Parliament can have some legal control over the social media company &amp;thus its demands to call-in Twitter's executives are not fully unfounded. I am sure that Twitter executives are obliged to present themselves before the panel but who is matter left to co
Indian House panel has given 2 weeks to Twitter executives to appear before it. I tell you Twitter functions based on international laws and they're mostly Western laws. Sure, Twitter should've based its infrastructure here &amp; should be using Indian skies for its operations in the
I am not sure whether bartering tactics by Trump are enforceable and effective or whether he has lost authority over Pentagon and thus it is only White House which is putting pressure on Iraq without much support from Pentagon and State Department. Is Trump okay?
and thus US' can withdraw its troops there and second Trump would not entertain Iraq's requests on security issue. Sure, Iraq needs US" money to rebuild itself but then US may not commit much on this and second other Western nations can provide some badly needed capital by Iraq.
similarly US can't stop Iraq from importing energy from Iran as Iran is its partner in war against ISIL and has lost men and spent some money in fighting the war. Sure, US' contribution is far bigger but then it can't bargain out such things as first ISIL is defeated in Iraq...
Iraq has said no to US' demands of not buying energy from Iran. The fact is that Iraq imports energy and cost of importing energy from Iraq is possibly the lowest in the region. The fact is that Iraq literally can't stop US' from spying on Iraq from its bases based there but...
Residents of Swiss city of Geneva have voted for banning religious symbols on public staffers. The move is correct one as religious symbols are obscene, particularly those belonging to other religions and... https://t.co/WIQzNIAPYX
Modi has so ruthlessly and cleverly fucked Mehbooba Mufti of PDP (a regional party in disputed territory of J&amp;K) that in pain and because of survival instinct she is lauding Imran and opposing BJP on temple issue. It shows that PDP may ally with either NC or INC in that order.
institution there. So, structurally and constitutionally Pakistan will remain what it has been: an Islamic political orthodoxy laced in modernism and democracy &amp; its neighbors will not get any respite from its restive and aggressive policies. But then it will become closer to US.
Pakistan PM Khan has warned of 'painful' reforms after talking to IMF officials. This shows at economic adaptation by Pakistan but its basic color and political specimen specie will remain the same. Pakistan may reform economically but military will remain the most powerful...
Taliban has rejected Ghani's offer to set up office in Kabul. This bit implies that Taliban is not sure of full decommissioning &amp; about joining political mainstream as it fears rival ISIL. It also hints that attacks on Afghan security assets by it will continue unabated as of now
Saudi Arabia has named accused in Khashoggi murder as new UAE Envoy. Measuring the shamelessness of the globe towards Islamic nakedness perpetrated by Saudi Arabia and its quest for nukes were two main reasons why bin ordered Khashoggi's murder with his dad Salman's consent.
Congress talks between Republican and Democrats have failed and thus another shutdown is in the offering. If Trump announces another shutdown the more likely scenario is that Democrats won't relent and Trump will have to but for others it's an interesting contest worth watching.
Indian Prime Minister Modi flagged off a tunnel project which can help faster troop movement in Arunachal Pradesh which China considers it as its and thus disputed. China protested Modi’s yesterday visit... https://t.co/YaDGNEIhj8
Pakistani authorities going after mediapersons is nothing new for those who are familiar with the region and with the Islamic world. The fact is Pakistan is very intolerant towards its criticism by media though still it could be the best best for US in Islamic world on the issue
coming closer towards US could mean it would not sponsor nor make ISIL its proxy in the region. This should be a welcome news as ISIL is the biggest threat to the region as far as terror threats are concerned. However, India will feel envy &amp; its role in Af will be downgraded.
As per Reuters Pakistan is playing a key role in bringing US and Taliban negotiations to a fruitful end. It should worry both Afghanistan and India as if moves be successful it will reestablish Pakistan as an important nation in US' policy in the region. However, Pakistan...
and when he orders referendum on the issue. But the bottomline is that legally a negative vote will not oust him. However, risk is that French people may move more towards socialism making his life difficult for remaining term and together they taking away his second term dreams.
France is patently and originally socialist. So, Macron should think twice before he seeks referendum to end 'yellow vest' protests as people may overall turn against him. He may need Trump's bashing and Merkel and May's praise to get positive outcome on a national vote if...
But in any case it's no drifting of stand by Japan nor a reactionary contest by China. So, Abe is cooperating with Xi with Trump's consent. It's part of a well known business strategy adopted by MNCs' CEOs. I think the global media should not read more than that on this.
Beijing and Tokyo's coming closer may be because of the tough approach adopted by Trump against China but then this could be his strategy to work out a solution which meets core US interests in China as Japan is US' one of the closest allies in Asia and Abe his closest friend.
The fact is that if Maduro allows international humanitarian aid to enter Venezuela he will be a decisive step closer towards his wished-in departure but if he doesn’t, as it appears to be the case in coming... https://t.co/1YEQVEaTIX
human life should not have population exceeding 1.5 billion. However, this is impossible to actualize on earth. So, why people don't care about population growth? Those who are poor don't because of wages &amp; those who are rich because of profits. Most of earth is poor &amp;illiterate.
but they're quiet because of limit cycles as in theories about order &amp; chaos telling facts about highly non-linear physical systems &amp; how they vary with changes in values of physical variables and parameters. But frankly speaking this is a wrong approach as planets supporting...
and energy do not hold. So, more humans will have negative impacts over natural resources and thus are unsustainable shortening the life of human race on earth. It's not that earth's scientists do not worry about growing population and negative effects they'll have on earth...
Earth's population is around 8 billion and it is set to rise by another 4 billion by 2050. You see even the most wretched person is a consuming and is also a psychological specie. So, humans are not inert materials and physical arguments about almost net conservation of mass...
It is said that New Testament is derived from Old Testament. Historically this is true but if one looks at the history of religions and tries to extract a hidden meaning out of them then Judaism was there... https://t.co/EQr5QYbPBG
Trump will not put any meaningful sanctions against Saudi Arabia over the killing of Jamal Khashoggi's murder under Magnitsky act. The fact is that he has not much backing from his party Senators but still he just cannot apply sanctions against Riyadh. It could be a wise move.
It becomes more probable in recent days that Britain will not leave EU on 29 March this year but that EU will extend its divorce date by 3-6 months. May's talks with Irish PM are likely to end without any major breakthrough and they will agree to meet again.
assurance by US. True, its a sluggish and muggy portrayal of RBI but by this move it appears to be the reality. The stakes for Modi and BJP are very high in upcoming general elections and he has already gone too far in securing his party's win just like what INC did in 2009.
RBI has cut prime bank rates by 25 basis points. It sets bank rates by considering two major factors: inflation and Fed rates. On inflation RBI's move is correct but Fed may up its prime lending rates further. So, it could be RBI's political move after no capital-flight...
Germany’s business regulatory body, competition authority, has ruled that Facebook cannot take users’ data without their consent. The fact is that Facebook has users all cross the globe and despite of more... https://t.co/tbWXAse5CC
So can ISIL revive in Syria? It can and it will though in morphed form. But for how long can US keep its forces in Syria? I think that it is for a while that militancy will revive in Syria and thus drawdown from Syria is rational and logical. Sure, dirty game will revive one day.
lot about curtain the Church has put on Jesus' life. Denying individuals sex is just like violating the right of those individuals. But then if clergies are allowed to marry they'll not be that committed towards worship duties. So, religions are lies and gods are bastards.
websites, etc. Sex is now freer and more accessible. Sex is natural requirement of a human body and there is hardly any sage in town. I think Catholic Church should accept this and allow institution of marriage for its clergy staff. However, they doing sex with nuns tell a...
Francis has admitted that Catholic nuns were sexually abused by priests and bishops. You see, clergy being celebate if officially they're suppossed to be was a thing of past. Now it's an age of condoms, porn, adult topics being course of discussion in public sphere, social...
Topic: Where Trump fails unequivocally 	Countries: Definitely the globe	words: 635 	Trump is the natural President of war-torn America but as such he does not know much political science in peace and normal... https://t.co/ESUGomuJqq
US is not about its intention but whether in view of ISIL US will leave Afghanistan. The fact is that Trump seriously wants US forces to leave the country but then such a decision has to be taken on professional grounds and there may be many in Pentagon who may think otherwise.
would like to replace it as a champion of radical Islam and there is ample scope for that in Afghanistan. So, Taliban's incarnation might not be that stable and it can re-morph itself as a militant outfit either in its original form or as a splinter group. The question about...
Taliban says that it may incarnate as a pacifist version of self if US-led NATO forces leave Afghanistan. I would doubt their intention though because of Taliban future competition with ISIL in post-drawdown Afghanistan. The fact is that if Taliban shuns militancy then ISIL...
in self-defense and for that it would not only have to sign a working peace deal with US but also do the same with South Korea and Japan. Trump will have to be practical and should not talk with Kim carrying State Department and Pentagon's inertia. I am not very hopeful of a deal
just next to impossible. US cannot recognize North Korea as nuclear have as it is not possible as per NPT. I think US shall have to be satisfied with partial rollback with full rollback being its perpetual aim but in return Kim will have to guarantee no use of nukes except...
However, no breakthrough should be expected as Trump's demands are mammoth and Kim may find him overbearing and fatty. The fact is that NPT does not recognize ambiguous states and US has deep stakes in the treaty but still persuading Kim for full rollback would be very difficult,
What is the significance of Hanoi being the venue for second Kim-Trump summit? It's that that Trump will be more flexible and Kim will also be more serious in his talks with him. So, it could be more than photo-opportunity for both of them and Trump may mean business there.
The entire drama and fiasco over CBI's role in Mamata's Bengal other than forking out one's place is to disrupt Parliament proceedings which appears natural. The fact is that no party, including BJP and INC, wants Parliament to function &amp; that's why there is so much chaos there.
no state and that Islam has no chance of reforms through intervention, force or by preaching. Moslems would change on their own and I see no chance for that there in Afghanistan. I think whatever be the type of Constitution violence is a long-term problem as long as it interacts.
to follow up Sufi and Oriental Islamic system as it is there in Turkey then I must tell you that Afghans are not Turks as they're fully tribal. So, Afghanistan matches with FATA of Pakistan. Head Taliban loses &amp;tail ISIL wins. The simplest thing to know is that Afghanistan is...
Islamic Constitution is because that is what they naturally &amp; and why inclusive because they fear losing out to ISIL otherwise. But even in present form ISIL has a natural place in Afghanistan and it is poised to grow rapidly there. The point is that if Afghanistan as such wants
Taliban has demanded an inclusive Islamist but new Afghan Constitution. To be frank no law approved by Islam in puritan sense can be inclusive. Mohammedans have destroyed and will destroy what is un-Islamic in their territories wherever they could and can. Why Taliban seeks...
Topic: Productivity of earth in the context of that of the two Universes	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 919 	Few years back topmost scientists of earth used to believe that there is only one Universe... https://t.co/pMJA4oeR3E
fact is it would require the interpretation of constitutional reach of Parliament by SC if Upper House's role is to be rejected but Lower House role was fully legal &amp; constitutional. So, the ball is first in SC's court and then in BJP's. I don't think that proponents have basis.
the executive and legislative actions. The fact is that Upper House's nod was political in nature as non-BJP parties knew that it was virtually impossible for BJP and its allies to get the requisite numbers in that House to reverse the move by then Parliament back in 1993. The..
only acquired land but its actions had approval of both Houses of Indian Parliament. The fact is the acquisition was apparently done in the interests of national integrity and enforcing communal harmony and to allow judiciary's formal and final role in the matter or else BJP undo
The proponents of Ram temple in UP have moved to SC for seeking annulment and even reversal of acquisition of disputed land by then Union government in 1993 on the ground that Union cannot acquire state's land without the latter's consent. But the then Union government not...
cooperates on resolving its border dispute with it to its satisfaction. So, Trump's words do not have much diplomatic meaning; neither for the two Himalayan nations nor for India and China nor US is seeking mediation in Indo-Chinese border dispute. It's a fad.
and India may consider China as its big brother. So, Trump says so many thing &amp; he too said about Nepal and Bhutan and he'll forget without much affecting Indo-China region. The fact is that China too can leave Nepal and Bhutan to the mercy of India for the time being if India...
As per media Trump considers Nepal and Bhutan as part of India. In reality they're India's protectorate states. But Trump's position may have to prop up India against China as he knows that while India wants to challenge China on paper, in reality, it wants to segment with it...
with American issues, similarly, US is not bound to care for Iraqi sensitivity towards Iran. The fact is that US bases are made on leased land under the agreement though they're not its sovereign territory but still it enjoys a lot of freedom &amp; Iraq has no size to force US on it.
US plans to watch Iran from its bases in Iraq and Iraq is formally objecting to it. Fine, either Iraq asks US to wind down its bases from its land or it could do little to stop US from watching Iran from US bases based in Iraq. As its President says that Iraq has nothing to do...
Times of India today on its edit page wrote an editorial which as per me is either its hypocrisy or its naivety or a weighted combination of both. The headlines read ‘Don’t dodge data’ with the sub-headlines... https://t.co/QnUeOZsBD6
Tories take pride in claiming that they're conservatives yet totally unrelated with Republicans. But Brexit is an un-liberal Republican act in certain sense and it may not benefit UK even in a politically conservative and shrunken earth when aid and sops become rare.
has yet not lost common sense and remembers that Christianity was for Caucasian race primarily. Sure, like all other religions it too is fake and filled with mythological farts. But I think he shouldn't become shameless and go on a useless visit as a freak. Do you understand it?
Francis is in UAE for first papal visit to the region and if media reports are to believed he'll discuss ending conflict in Yemen. I am sure that he is not half-naked fakir and knows it very well that it will be a photo opportunity for royals in Abu Dhabi. I think that Francis...
Trump will misadventure hugely if he asks US' special forces to intervene militarily to oust Maduro; he just needs to keep patience and Maduro can go. He is a big man and can control his orgasm. I am sure that Melania knows it.
individuals and groups result in gains for many while in Africa individuals' actions in self-interest result mostly in misery for most. The fact is that Africa needs good governance &amp; brilliant politicians but looking at United States' politics such seem implausible &amp; infeasible.
The Black Africa is full of conflicts and disputes as naturally African Blacks do not know any ideology other than that related with protest and resistance. They are primitive in certain sense and are still tribal in nature. In relatively developed  world selfishness of
I think days of Maduro are over and he is breathing his last as President of Venezuela. It appears Trump administration's approach is working there and if United States with the help of others could make humanitarian aid reach Venezuelan border then it's over for Maduro.
As per media reports China is struggling to keep CPC members in Tibet religion-free. It shows that China is not a perfect attractor for even its primary citizens and at this level of GDP disposable incomes... https://t.co/Cta4wWk7fR
somewhat but still if you could measure illiteracy in unorthodox manner then it would be on full swing with middle classes, particularly urban ones, becoming more vulgar &amp;violent. Sincerity &amp; honesty would be lower compared to 2014 though hypocrisy will increase. Modi will be PM.
urban India. The fact is that as a consequence persona would dominate over policies and sops and thus regional players will be more crucial and more critical in 2019 elections compared to those in 2014. The mandate would be more fractured with BJP losing steam and INC gaining...
If I could predict voters' behavior in upcoming general elections in India I would say that it would be subjective perceptions about leaders and parties' policies rather than objective opinion about them which are more likely to guide voters' voting choice in both rural and...
when economics is taken into account. It would be overt indecency in the world matters with selfishness laced with open nakedness becoming the hallmark of even many parts of the West. Political reforms in China were never due &amp; will definitely be delayed. Trump is the buzz word.
on necessary expenditure of buying contraceptives to prohibit birth of bastard, particularly from an incest relationship. I am dead sure that by this move United States' overall powers and power-projections in the globe will increase. It would be majorly unitary world...
majorly instead it would make China a smaller but wilder player on global stage. The fact is that theoretical threats to Europe from Russia would increase but United States is unlikely to gain from it. Russia would behave like an Asian housewife who will be compelled to spend...
INF is like applying political Darwinism in a jungle called earth. Not only it would be survival of the fittest thereafter but end of oral decency on earth. United States is the wildest beast and together with Russia it knows that its recent steps would not affect Russia...
The world would be in free fall after Trump's presidency is over and there would not be any principle of equivalence relating proliferation constraints with wish for the longest time though non-proliferation treaties would be sacrosanct and enforceable. US withdrawing from...
Germany, France and Britain have founded a bank to carry out financial transactions with Iran despite of United States’ sanctions against the latter and Trump’s threats of vengeance against his own allies if... https://t.co/Kb7C91lPwT
for delivery date? In my opinion he should have inferred everything from pregnancy. But then Hindus are most fatalistic people on earth &amp; they are most superstitious people on earth too. May be he was busy chanting a mantra pleasing a deity. Who? It must be goddess of sex, Rati!
some understanding of Indian state. Doesn't he understands that Hindu nationalism is fake and such is constrained by Americans and poor British' diktats? If he doesn't then he is illiterate and really a pagan. But should he understand and as per me he does then why did he wait...
BJP is not even tertiary force. The fact is that in the past two months Hindu organizations have been carrying intense campaign to construct a temple in a land which as per legal vocabulary is disputed with Moslems being other litigants. I am sure Bhagwat is no naive and he has..
Hindu's main social-cum-political organization, RSS' Chief Mohan Bhagwat has skirted pet issue of construction of Ram Mandir, main agenda of political party his organization supports and is rather focusing on a less relevant issue about entry of females in a Hindu shrine where...
people, to the amusement of first family of INC. So, fine Smriti and Rahul both of you are liar, hypocrite, critical of your constituency and India. Why? It is because by birth and marriage you have relationship with Brahmins as well as with persons having bad blood! Debonair!
cousin who is in incestuous relationship with him in her real fantasy near Bombay House. He too must be fantasizing about her being a bachelor as per media reports. Other than that they give publicity to each other and Smriti, it appears, mocks at Hindi and Hindi  speaking...
Smriti Irani, senior minister at New Delhi, calls opposition leader Rahul a congenital liar. Fine, Smriti is a born Brahmin married to a Parsi man and is of Rahul's age group. having interests in his Parliamentary constituency. So, as per Indian social laws she is his congenital
any place for error of any type. Sure, BJP will not attain majority but NDA can as Indian political elites&amp; middles have great eagerness to segment. Also, the poll is unreliable because majority of the Indians make their choices in the end, many don't vote&amp; many remain undecided.
Today, Times of India published a result of a poll which are qualitatively correct in restricted sense in that BJP will not get majority and NDA will possibly be in power. However, the survey is incorrect in the sense that it shows results in exact numbers without there being...
prey even for rear and outcaste Hindus who may be economically backward. It shows very clearly that how feudal and theist India is. It shows the sophistication and sophistry of Indians, particularly those belonging to underclass among Hindus. You can imagine what upper castes are
'Ram teri ganga maili' (god your tribute is filled with dirt). An upper caste, fair, slim successful but disgraced Sari wearing English-speaking female with Caucasian female is like 'devadasi (sexual slave to deity of temple implying that of builder of that temple) &amp; object of...
You know why media is so crazy about Kochhar, the disgraced and under probe former CEO and MD of ICICI, India operations? Because she has a Caucasian face and many people, including females, fantasize doing hill-temple act that Rajiv did with Mandakini in famous movie...
Topic: Beware Trump! The outside world, including what are known as minnows in global politics, may also have an understanding about you	Countries: Definitely the globe	words: 711	The fact is that all United... https://t.co/q34yaMvy9o
Maduro can survive Trump's onslaught, only thing is that he'll have to be prepared to see Venezuelan economy getting auctioned at a dime price. This way both Putin and trump will be happy and this is how they play their famous political rugby. Poor Venezuelans!
Homogeneity of a human civilization is a virtue and asset; also, heterogeneity is an equal  mess and liability. True, they're products of evolution of a planet but still tolerating diversity is a different thing than from celebrating it.
May wants to reopen Brexit pact with EU. Sure, she wants top save her skin but she'll fail as EU is unlikely to agree. EU can only agree if May proves to them that uncertainty on Brexit would be equally harmful to them. Even then I wonder if EU would renegotiate the deal with UK.
United States House Democrats are planning to strike ‘so help me god’ from oath administered to key House Committees members. Is it a welcome step? Well may be because god is indeed a dog in evolutionary... https://t.co/NhqKUpvcZC
acceptable loans at not-so-harsh conditions to the country and recent thaw in Pak-US relations than with Pakistan's SC acting honestly. Did Trump bargain badly? He usually does but not here as he wanted to let Pak get involve in peace process; Asea's acquittal is dividend to US.
If a country's highest court is really a Supreme Court then it just cannot recognize anti-blasphemy laws because for a SC constitution is the highest book and not Koran. I am almost certain that Pakistan's SC upholding acquittal of one Asea has to do more with IMF granting...
Topic: Indian Moslems’ disputes with BJP government in New Delhi	Country: India	words: 790 	The fact is that Supreme Court of India is deliberately delaying hearings on Hindu-Moslem dispute over... https://t.co/dMmVlYLplb
Both Xi and Trump are leaving no stone unturned to make sure that average Chinese does not take any meaningful step towards political and social reforms by maintaining Chinese public and its novice and raw... https://t.co/YfQjACxCde
his competitors are hopeless. There must be some fundamental flaw in American society and other than evolution to me it could be their apparent and informal illiteracy. What a inflated place earth is!
as he doesn't follow his policies through actions in his own family-dominated business. It truly shows that he doesn't care anything except for his win and I tell you he can easily win 2020 Presidential race. My goodness what a place White America is! One is a hypocrite and...
that he is even unconvinced about his signature campaign and key policies. Campaign against illegal migration and migrants are the base on which he wants to build support for his 2020 reelection bid but either he doesn't care for his own words or has segmented with Democrats....
Trump firing 12 illegal migrant workers from his NY golf club not only shows that he is informal, casual and indisciplined but also that he is non-serious about his most important policies and speaks mostly his supporters' mind. It just proves that he is a hypocrite and that...
religions &amp;reality about religious icons would like to indulge in incestuous, illicit and raw sex &amp; this includes people from all genders. The best understanding of religions is of capitalists &amp; worst that of atheists. One needs to know evolution &amp; sex in order to understand it.
Anyone worshiping any one in any form in any place of worship is a Kaffir (slavish East African tribe) because all historic religious icons of all religions were normal human from earths or made up of mud and they were not what they are believed to be. Any human understanding...
that good at politics. Sure, British are yet not prepared for a Prime Minister from colored race but May got dividend from Tories strong-persons because of her gender. I am sure Tories in the race to become Republicans and Labour Democrats have become British-Asians in politics.
Either May will delay Brexit vote in Westminster due Tuesday or she will get her anus fucked. The fact is that Cameron canonized her because of her height with a belief that she could fuck EU leaders and leaders of many Commonwealth nations but equally fact is that she is not...
It is true that Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro is a dictator picture perfect and he has rigged and abused system and institutions in Venezuela to the fullest. His dissolution of then Venezuelan... https://t.co/MhJ352Q8iQ
economically backward and people of color. So, he'll avoid defeat by avoiding shutting down govt again but then he has the executive authority and it is mostly Democrats who get affected so he can still convince Democratic Congressional leaders to partly fund building the wall.
die-hard supporters do support him on this as always but then he requires support of others and he loves his hypothesized second term presidency a lot so he would not like to take risk. Third, he does not like to get defeated particularly by Democrats whom he considers as...
repetition of shutdown will administratively and possibly legally lead to he putting emergency and he is likely to loose in the federal courts for multiple reasons. The fact is that a majority of Americans voters are against this shutdown though a significant numbers of his...
Trump would not like to shutdown again the Federal govt. because of fear of litigation, lack of requisite public support and he loving his hypothesized second term a lot and his disliking of defeat especially in the hands of poor and colored Democrats. Why? It is so because...
chapter in Afghanistan. It also shows that Pentagon is not as mighty and as skilled as many used to and still believe it to be. The fact is that US has lost the war in Afghanistan with no winners there as it has spent a lot of money and also lost many of its troops in the war.
at the bottom of hierarchy in Afghanistan. True, this is difficult for Trump admin to contemplate such a plan as it considers India's role as positive in Afghanistan. But the nervous attempts by US to work out a working &amp;stable ceasefire w/d Taliban shows that it wants to end the
even try to cooperate with US and agree to end its dreadful involvement in the region but it would seek political favors other than some nascent economic favors that Trump admin is offering. The exact political favor is difficult to outline but Pakistan would like India to be...
After more than 17 years of fighting with al-Qaeda-Taliban and now with ISIL as well now US is looking for an honorable exit by letting Taliban agree to disarm and join mainstream with the help of Pakistan. The fact is that if it were not the fear of ISIL Pakistan would not...
adjoining states. The basic reason for INC segmenting with BJP through its willful conscious choice is because of fear of getting prosecuted in a big corruption scandal or fear of death due to externals. I heard the melodious voice (in English) of CEC Sunil Arora on AIR on 24 Jan
If eventually INC doesn't opt for a poll pact with SP-BSP combine in politically crucial UP during upcoming general elections it would mean that it has segmented with BJP and BJP is more likely to win. Why? It is so because SP-BSP-INC combine can cause havoc on BJP in UP and...
single market will hold. It will be biggest victory for Labour since 2005 and dried mango may shine. Please don't mind as I am in the mode of quipping. I can tell May won't take the executive step of leaving EU with a deal as lawmakers have oversight over the decision to leave EU
time. May will then meet Elizabeth and she'll get another opportunity to shag after being silent for a while. Most likely May won't recommend dissolving the House but instead may seek Brits' second opinion. Britain then will not leave EU and all rules regarding custom union and..
that Plan A was disapproved in the House of Commons by a huge majority and without anything significantly changing in the proposed Brexit plan if House approves plan B then either it would be called a donkey or a Hindu Assembly of sacred priests who work as per auspicious...
May's Plan B is almost certain to be rejected by Westminster's lawmakers because Plan B is nothing different from Plan A except in few wordings here and there and possibly in cosmetics as EU has not conceded anything significant since Plan A fell in the House. The fact is...
that it doesn't mind it at all when its readers have some approval about saffron family's hawkish agenda. But sure it prefers centrist nationalism over Hindu nationalism though the paper that I receive in Lucknow has succumb to pressure by middle class Hindu majorityism.
gender-neutral. Like Brahmins, Times of India has no morality but like them it does many ritualistic and often boring lip service as it is evident in its editorial advising BJP to shrug off its outdated stand on Hinduism and accept India's diversity and plurality. The fact is...
What's the biggest wish of Brahmins? That there be throughout uniformity and universality in following their beliefs. Look at the report about bank fraud by Kochhar (former MD&amp;CEO ICICI Indian operations) in Times of India. It so pleasantly reports that corruption is...
concerns over Kashmir as except for few it is the Hindu nationalists and their surrogates (I mean socialists and centrists) who would dictate India's policy over Kashmir. Sure, in addition Trump administration has no interest either in doing so.
still it would be secondary. The primary one would be to reduce size of India in Afghanistan back to very low levels, possibly lower than that during Bush era. Sure, no US administration in the past, present and in future shall have the capacity to let India address Pakistan's...
terror in the region. Second, what would Pakistan export to US under FTA? I think only grains and some natural resources, else it will be US companies which will be prime beneficiary. But then Pakistan would require some incentives and FTA could be one for Pak's boasting but...
Pakistan is not Pavlov's (Trump's) mouse that it can learn to relate it mediating Af peace process in return for US offering FTA to it. First of all in wake of ISIL and its continued hostility with India it is very difficult for Pakistan to unlearn funding and sponsoring...
Trump has proven capability to make global mads bigger mads. Like, Barack he has made Venezuela's Maduro an angry bull after 'red' objects. Maduro and his supporters will fume with anger, the whole world will react but Trump will enjoy seeing the destruction of Maduro. Why not?
entire process doesn't end within the legally obtained deadline then Britain would not leave till public's opinion is obtained. Then status quo will be maintained. I think that I am correct. The next move of the then British govt. will be decided by Brits' actual opinion.
opinion either through a second referendum or through seeking fresh mandate. Sure, they would be required to seek Britons' opinion in a timely manner whose duration they can decide either on their own or through their SC. EU would then be bound to extend deadline and if the...
EU negotiator Barnier has warned British lawmakers that Britain would crash out of EU in a disorderly manner if they don't accept either May's Plans A&amp;B or offer their own alternative. Wrong! Totally! British lawmakers could altogether stop Brexit for a while &amp;could seek public..
You know a Brahmin will always say something about global and cosmological events, those that take place beyond Indian horizons, even if he or she doesn’t know anything about them. The same is true about... https://t.co/2mzfTpQRSa
An explicit Franco-German axis has emerged in Europe which was earlier latent. This shows United States’ wish not to or its inability to lead West (It is just not restricted to Trump alone as issuing threats... https://t.co/MT6AU5YAui
The proposed meeting between Kim and Trump in the end of next month conclusively hints at one definite conclusion: North Korean economy inevitably has collapsed and it is almost at undeclared bust status... https://t.co/v8Cfh4Qg15
It is being widely reported in Indian media that 10% quota for forward castes will come into effect from February 1, 2019. Other than Union many states are also being reported to allow such a quota to upper... https://t.co/fgrULVxWAx
partial funding of wall after Trump yielding on amnesty of Dreamers and possibly on slowing down on the rate of deportation of illegals. Both parties are appearing overt hypocrite and it's a poor show by both Republicans &amp; Democrats. But in the end Trump will take critics' award.
than that of opposition. The fact is both parties are behaving unethically and acting on opportunist greed. Majority of Republican and Democrat leaderships are happy the way things are going. But in the end, I think, Trump will yield; he will have to, and House will agree for...
if they yield on it would be a great victory for Trump and his supporters and more of White voters would be disenchanted with Democrats. However, Trump strategy is curtailed by a fact that he is incumbent and this is more the responsibility of governing party to run the nation...
Trump as most of his potential voters are mostly Whites, nationalist Hispanics and few ethnic Asians. The fact is that government shutdown does affect Democrats but they can't fully yield on border wall just because Trump is offering some concessions on the so called Dreamers as
Trump by insisting on requiring for funds for border wall along US' Southern border with Mexico is appealing to White nationalism and nationalists. As it appears as of now Democrats' favorite for running against Trump would be a non-White so government shutdown doesn't affect...
Trump fully doesn't understand governance but he is two-term Presidency material. In Congressional elections Republicans won Senate and thus Trump cannot be impeached and Democrats won House thus Trump cannot fortify full border with Mexico.
shutdown will continue but it will be Trump who'll have to blink down first However, none of the parties will compromise its stand on immigration and most probably Trump cannot actualize his dream of building full wall along US' border with Mexico during his first term. You see,
American and such a possibility suits both parties. The fact is that as I have always maintained that Trump cannot be impeached and Muller too has softened his stand on Russian interference in 2016 Presidential elections probe. As of now it appears more likely than not that...
segmentation between them since well before November polls held last year. The fact is that Trump with assertive White nationalist agenda is the most likely to be Republican party's candidate in 2020 &amp; Democrats are planning to field a non-White, possibly new generation immigrant
American public, it appears, is absolutely polary biased with almost all committed Republican supporting Trump and almost all committed Democrats their party leaders over federal government shutdown. The two party's leadership is unwilling to compromise because there is intense..
per Hindu laws. Sure, Hindus' lame excuse would be that that there was a grand fortress somewhere in cosmos and Durga came into existence out of nothing there but then this is stupidity of mind. Anyone knowing Sanskrit would know durg cannot originate from Durga.
caste. Thus Durga is the deity of fortress worshiped by fighters to protect their warrior interests. So, before Durga there were forts and fighters but goddess means first. Durga is not first. Second, any deity created by warriors is not sacred. Thus, Durga is no goddess as...
Sure, god appeals to inert minds and they're, logically speaking, are useless people with fictitious claims but I can prove that Hindu goddess Durga is faulty as per laws of religion. Durga is derived from the word durg which means fortress &amp; fortress used to belong to fighter...
Kim and Trump will meet in the end of the next month. In my opinion it will be make-or-break summit as if it fails talks between North Korea and United States are bound to fail at the highest levels, not because Kim doesn't have patience but rather Trump doesn't have that.
It is said and believed by many 4-star generals that Line-of-Control (LoC) in Jammu and Kashmir (J&amp;K) is a de facto border between India and Pakistan. In my opinion this could be true but only conditionally... https://t.co/FuqoHlDChi
becoming more selective and choosy giving boost to elitism and casteism. The fact is that more India and Indians inflate more they become dependent on the West and India becomes lesser native with ever increasing rates. The fact is that India doesn't have inertia and Modi class.
opponents have done well in elections held recently there. So, if he doesn't inflate cowbelt he will draw flak from INC but should he do so he'll wrong &amp; fatally inflate whole of India without most of Indians finding no base and economic activities becoming skewed and capital...
description about India more than what his Parliamentary constituency state, UP, can, which is a backward state. Modi will have to find a balance between a relatively better off Gujarat, his home state, &amp; Hindi heartland which is relatively backward region. But Modi's political..
India PM Modi will inaugurate vibrant Gujarat today. The fact is that Modi is so bullish on India that it appears a megalomaniac description. For his political opponents Modi just farts. The fact is that Gujarat being a forward state it can easily digest his passionate but untrue
religious texts are filled with erotic &amp; amorous description, both heterosexual &amp; gay. It does not mean that Indian society cannot have inertia but the fact is that it does not have &amp; it cannot have as India hardly has any originality and principality. So, it's helpless society.
pretend but instead it is a hypocrite society which does something and says something else, particularly on sexual matters. The fact is there is so much nudity in Bollywood that doing a Hindu last ritual on dead Indian morality does not help too many. In addition, Hindu
the point in banning dance bars? Sure, there is nudity and obscenity in such bars with exploitation and flesh trade rampant there but then it is there in latent and open forms all across India. India is not a traditional society as many believes and its judiciary may want to...
Indian SC has lifted ban on dance bars in Maharashtra after almost 4 years of censoring by state authorities. India where infidelity, adultery, incestuous, pre-marital, post-marital, forced sex, rape, child-sex and other forms of sex are normal and universal there what's...
British PM Theresa May has decided to reengage British lawmakers in Brexit talks. The fact is that May’s Plan A was rejected by a huge margin while she narrowly survived no confidence motion against her. It... https://t.co/3TIcrZ9w2m
but since he has official status he is socially a mermaid. Saffron family's outcastes do not have any specific agenda and are always a puppet of their upper caste masters. I just don't have sympathy for Whites, so you could imagine what I think about outcastes and blacks and...
Gita is an abuse of non-Brahmins. It also does not consider outcaste worth mentioning. But then Kovind possibly follows it. Now what his name would mean then? The society has engraved 'You are conforming outcaste'. Sure, Kovind has very poor understanding of Indian history...
Since serf's ego is very low Modi made it a point to make an outcaste President of India. He choose an outcaste who believes somewhat in Gita. I am sure that no serf can speak those words. So, whether Gita is pervertness by aliens or it is Brahmins' work the fact is that...
You see India is a very strange and interesting place to be in. Even the head of state can be a victim of caste abuse! Modi choose Kovind not because his party would secure some outcaste votes but because Kovind's predecessor was from a priest c;lass and he might've hurt his ego.
Kovind as a family name is a definite insult to a person who happens to be President of India. Now what about Nath if he is pure outcaste? It means that some past female members of his family used to please priest and/or fighter castes, may be by having sex with them...
insult to him and his family as it is a poor derivative of word Govind who as per India is a big word. Most possibly Kovind's ancestors didn't have the courage to write Govind as their family name due to the fear and objection of upper caste Hindus. If you know India and Hindi...
Indfian President name, Ram Nath Kovind, is very interesting. If he is a hybrid between upper caste and outcaste then I may go wrong but people and media claim him to be outcaste and I take this as a fact. The fact is that Ram Nath is a big name as per India but Kovind is an...
If you have some knowledge of language ‘Anarkali’ is an Islamic word and it is the name of globally famous prostitute of Jahangir, son of Jalalluddinn (Akbar), the scion of Mogul dynasty. Now if you... https://t.co/MJDgbsf4lE
Indian public as a whole relishes reading such lies and Indian media publications which have origin in the West feel proud to report such obvious and naked lies. India is an interesting state and for me very funny too. Vow Modi and Vow Xi! Both of you are minimally crazy.
rationally and legally sell it to Taiwan. But since Indian PM announced that India has 'built' a nuclear submarine in India such is a true news even for those who know that it is a lie from true Hindu nationalist and truest son of soil (with no pun intended. The fact is that...
I wonder whether India as a sovereign has diplomatic relationship with Taiwan and even if it has whether it interacts with it strategically. India technologically speaking is a dud state but even it acquired critical defense technology as a surrogate I don't think it can...
to priest class but more often than not it behaves like serf. This is the limit of Indian priests &amp;same is true about China as both are secondary economy with scant primary economic capability. So, US is priest? True but still Hindu. Why? It has little understanding of capitalism
became India's PM. The fact is that China knows it too well that India cannot make even diesel submarine. So, why does it refer India? It is so because India reports positive lies about China as well. So, an ass brays another. Mind you, in Indian jargon Times of India belongs...
but its serf PM recently announced that India has completed nuclear triad after taking a nuclear submarine on lease from a Western nations, most probably from US or UK. You read any major English daily of India, such lies are regular and they've become more frequent after Modi...
Look at the limits of priests and how they many times behave like serfs. Times of India in today's edition tells a story in which China warns India and other nations not to sell nuclear submarine technology to Taiwan. The fact is that India cannot make even diesel submarine...
I think for Trump the basic mantra is: if one doesn't support him internally then he or she or it is not American &amp; globally deviant forms the axis of evil or minimally they've bad blood. Fine, if he were a racist with good understanding of globe he w'd be a different man.
he can ponder and plan about time and things those that are very close to him. He doesn't plan things for a long term and speaks impromptu. This is his habit and he believes thoroughly in 'The Prince'. Trump many times acts on ego and few times he has to eat his words.
accustomed to politics. The fact is that Trump has deep fixation and he categorizes every individual or state in black and White. It's the repetition of Bush telling nations either they were with US or with al-Qaeda-Taliban. Trump has narrow vision on international matters and..
that such threats are not issued in today's world &amp; never to treaty-allies. But Trump is in the habit of doing so as he thinks that Turkey being an Islamic nations he could get it fired from NATO. No. At least not now. Being the boss of Oval for almost 2 years has not made him...
Trump in a recent tweet has tweeted that he would destroy Turkey economically. The fact is that Erdogan is very rude and both he and Trump are not behaing like heads of state of NATO countries. I will not take a side on the issue but will probe Trump somewhat. The fact is...
Pakistan is not taking further loans from IMF because the institution's lending terms could be politically very costly for Khan. In addition, the hypothetical loans could be economically unattractive with US... https://t.co/aF6QJl6JIL
Rahaf reaching Canada is a boring story and proves how much time international media and governments ascribe to wasteful and petty news items.	The point is not Rahaf got asylum in Canada but the publicity... https://t.co/durDt5pF7e
FBI probing Trump suspecting him working for Russia proves that even Whites do not have common sense. Trump would protect himself, his family and his close associates as well as Putin's Russia till lasi... https://t.co/kXAkRViHfd
election pact with INC both would reduce their number of seats they fight each symmetrically but if it is only SP which would like to work out a segmentation with INC then it would sacrifice its 6 to 8 seats. Bottomline is clear: SP and BSP are unlikely to fight against other.
In UP, India, regional parties; SP and BSP, will fight elections together fighting 38 Parliamentary seats each out of 80. I think situation will change in coming few weeks as at least SP would like to arrive at a seat sharing arrangement with INC.  So, if both workout an...
I think US is in deep stress and trouble as an Indian-American Democrat woman declared her intention to run for presidency on the eve of bastards' festival. What if she is able to run? Democrats will loose heavily. And what if she wins the race? A White woman will deface her.
icons; in flesh &amp;/or in mythology, are incest and immoral. So, people believing and trusting and basing their lives on an impossible, morally degrading and foul entity are no true citizens. It only means Washington and other founding fathers of US didn't understand law properly.
US Constitution refers to 'In god we trust'. The fact is that god is dog and it just can't exist. Whatever earth's humans believe through religions in their respective gods is just an absolute impossibility. So, god is not only non-existent but it is also mean. All religious
The fact is that I know Daruka-vana's story about Parvati inserting inverted chopped Shiva's phallus inside her vagina but even then first inverted phallus would mean son's phallus and second such stories have no real meaning.
Shaivism is the original dharma; all others are derived from it. Sure, in religious mythology Shiva is first but by interpreting Shivalingum Hindus have goddess and Shiva is secondary. Also, Ganesha is the real god. Sure, I know it is very confusing but then this is the reality.
The fact is that deity's real name should be Isha and not Parvati as Ishvar is derived from Isha. Ishvar means Isha's husband and Isha's boon to Hindus. So, Ishvar is Ganesha and not Shiva. god in any religion means first. So, it is Parvati who is first and not Shiva though
A phallus potruding out of a vagina in a religious representation is son's phallus and not husband's. Thus, in Shivalingum it is Ganesha's lingum coming out of Parvati's vagina. The way Parvati embraces the lingum it is clear that she is loving her son and not her husband.
more a naive. Her only asset is that she is a good high-end labor &amp;her continuation at #10 keeps this Parliament in session &amp; alive or else elections will be inevitable. I am almost certain that weak May may seek second opinion of British public through a restricted referendum.
a clear cut Brexit deal. In case of no Brexit deal the status quo may be maintained instead of crippled half-negotiated, half-agreed Brexit deal. Moreover, I think it would be legally mandatory for May to get the formal and official approval of Parliament but to me she appears...
states and entities need to have a definite and unambiguous explicit relations, more so  in the areas of trade and immigration. But in the case of Brexit the sovereignty of all entities will be distorted and skewed and thus divorce will not be fully legal without there being...
You see no Brexit deal may not result in erratic exit of Britain from EU as the much hyped and equally controversial divorce may not take place at all. The reason being that as per international law in order to continue interaction and expand and shrink it the interacting...
reversal of his decision to shutdown the Federal government as his peer in Congress would put additional pressure and opinions against the shutdown among the GOP will increase. I think Trump fears loosing the case and he'll not declare emergency though he is unpredictable too.
Southern borders he can't declare emergency as he would be termed as a hypocrite, inconsistent and opportunistic though possibly courts can't take away his constitutional right to shutdown the Federal government. He is very likely to loose the case and such would prompt...
immigration in Federal Constitution but also why Trump could not convince Congress to pass the budget when Republicans used to control both Chambers. This is a real issue and when his party as an entity fully doesn't subscribe to his views on border wall across US'...
If Trump declares emergency in US such a step will definitely sidestep Congress but then he and his administration would be dragged into court. The litigation would not only be about cerebral questions about US commitments towards international treaties and issue of...
law is nude on earth. Dispossessed and weak just can't understand law. I think Indian SC will favor Hindus though I am not sure whether it would give full land to Hindus. If Hindus don't get full land it would be a sort of defeat for BJP as political outfit &amp; Modi as individual.
Moslems but they can't give it to them for other reasons. The fact is that Hindus will get at least 2/3 of land that they receive by a High Court verdict in the title suit case. But as per law land belongs to Moslems even though it is insulting and demeaning to Hindus. But...
The fact is that Moslems can't get more than 50% of land as such would justify and legitimatize Islamic brutality towards Hindus. But should should Hindus get 50% of land it would be their complete defeat as it effectively means SC saying that as per law land belongs to...
and on India's Independence Day the land and the structure belonged to Sunni Islamic trust. Indian Constitution protects the affiliation of religious, private and public lands even though the Constitution was effective from 26 January, 1950 and the case was lodged before that.
of Islam even though the foundation of temple was left untouched. Sure, Shariah was not applicable in India even during medieval period but India has the culture of following ruler's traditions. British who replaced Mogul's as India's rulers didn't intervene in the matter...
Indian SC will hear Ayodhya case from Jan 29. The fact is Koran's verse about unbelievers do not apply to Hindus and thus during medieval period destruction of Hindu temple by Moslems was justified by Islamic laws and the mosque constructed was fully legitimate as per laws...
will pave way for religious minorities of India claiming reservation without there being need for amendments in the Indian Constitution. I think the move is definitely controversial but if successful such will give BJP and NDA a big push in upcoming general elections.
lawful and within the limits of manipulation that Indian state regularly does to Indian Constitution. If passed in Parliament and termed legal by the apex court it would affect religious minorities more than backward castes. But should upper caste Hindus get so such a measure...
Constitution clearly caps caste-based quota below or at 50%. Sure, Modi-government is promising to give 10% quota for economically weak upper castes but still it is caste-based though lack luster Indian Supreme Court can term Modi-government's upcoming legislation as...
I don't think Indian Constitution unequivocally and distinctly forbids reservation above 50% in governmental jobs and educational institutes as Tamil Nadu (possibly J&amp;K and other states too) has or used to have a provision of above 50% quota but I am sure that Indian...
as Thailand as the nation has an active monarch and the Thai government is not only authoritarian but also supports even explicitly similar regimes. If she returns to Saudi Arabia she'll not be killed but jailed. There is no liberal regime in Arab world so she could be relived.
in India. Her insistence on her age that she is adult as per international law may be valid but she might be interpreting this world in utter crude &amp;simple way. The fact is that her boyfriend has cheated on her and it would be difficult for her to get asylum in Thailand...
that she has renounced Islam. Definitely true but after having sex with her boyfriend and frankly speaking this is no socially acceptable way to renounce Islam and if she has married secretly with her boyfriend such marriages are not legally acceptable anywhere, including...
A Saudi girl, Rahaf, has been detained in-transit a Thai Airport while fleeing Saudi Arabia to reach her destination Australia. The fact is that she is being gang-raped socially from all sides, including by her boyfriend, who is most probably a Christian and a White. She says...
Turkey fulfilling any conditions on Kurds. For Trump Syria is a wasteland &amp; with ISIL being defeated it is no area of interest. He is not completely wrong considering how neutral and dissociated White majority in US has become towards others. Bolton's meeting wd Erdogan may fail.
between White House and Pentagon. The fact is that poor (not in economic terms) but rude Turkey will not oblige. But this is temporary businessman like offer to buy time and force Trump's agenda onto Pentagon. In the end Trump's wish will prevail &amp;US troops may withdraw without..
Trump administration has said that US troops will leave Syria subject to conditions that Turkey guarantees well being of Kurdish people and their forces. Now this strange and awkward condition is a very clever way to hide Trumps's lack of leadership and internal squabble
which has made Sikhs closer to Hindus politically and economically by chance. Otherwise Sikhs are anthropologically, psychologically and ritually closer to Moslems than to Hindus and Sikhs as per their appearance look like Afghan tribes. Gobind was indeed beggar.
to make a copy of their book, the so called Guru Granth Sahib. But mad RSS does not understand that Sikhism is no sect of Hinduism as fake nationalists do not have skill to understand that Sikhism is far closer to Islam than to Hinduism; it is only history of subcontinent...
It is said that Sikh word has origin in word Seekh (exemplary learning) but from which word Seekh word is derived from? It is from word Beekh (intense begging) and this is linguistically correct too as Sikh preachers from Nanak to Gobind begged and copied Hindu and Islamic...
As per law any non-Sikh having its middle or family name as Singh is a sham &amp; disabled person. Why? Afghan Moslem asked the male followers of Khalsa to keep Singh in his name &amp; no non-Sikh can follow it. Sure, among fighter castes this is a fashion as they're no original people.
You see no opposition controlled House would like to support a President's political agenda, true, but Democrats would not support funding Trump's border wall because few Hispanics are libidinous, lesbians and gays and can have some base intelligence. Look at Brazil's First Lady!
Indian illiterates, technically bastards, are meeting in a bastard place (I mean in Punjab) to discuss how idiots invented hydrogen bombs, supercomputers, aero-planes, spaceships and whatnot in utmost poor mud ridden and super-superstitious ancient Hindu India.
Sure, Republicans too are bastards but you can understand what kind of person William was &amp; is. In 2016 British Brexit supporters voted for Brexit because Tories wanted to become Republicans and result was narrow because Labour wanted to be Democrats. You see British are bhungis.
and such renders Shakespeare as potential Tudor and potential Tory. You see a bastard named Harry 'Tudor' interviewed Barack on BBC radio talk-show and inquired about brand of his wife's pantie and the blackie replied that Michelle was not supposed to buy a pantie but a boxer.
You know in William Shakespeare's playright Caesar is a Republican and Brutus is a Democrat. Brutus' leviration scene with nude and nymph wife of Caesar (possibly Cleopatra by name in the play) is as naked lie as William J Clinton's impeachment about his affair with Monica...
with dirty Barack called him 'Mr. President' as he knew even at that time that he would loose out to the black person. He said so to raise a toast for Ann. Now Mitt want to enjoy a date with sexy but serf Melania. I don't think that he knows about dud Hindus &amp; their caste system.
Mitt Romney has said that Trump had not risen to the mantle of the office. Well, in my opinion either Mitt is begging to Trump or looking for stakes in Trump family's infidelity because Trump is a political gorilla and he cannot fly. Mitt during his last Presidential debate...
If Taiwan reunites with China then China would see less towards its East, would have better relations with its North, would be more aggressive towards its West &amp; South &amp; would welcome Europe more than what it does today. Look at Xi: many times he appears crazy as he did today.
If Indians were not deeply superstitious and there was no perverted segmentation among politicians in Kerala and New Delhi no woman would be able to enter Hindu shrine in Kerala as against two women did in wee hours today. Vow! In search of dogs and bitches! Fine Lungi!
productivity and that include China and India. Russia is becoming more nervous but more jingoistic. Majorities across the globe have become more violent and assertive and minorities there have become more sensitive and touchy with both becoming intolerant of each other.
will either reduce longevity of human race or would increase complexity making it more deprived planet. Islamic world is becoming more amorphous and more nude. Rest of Asia, Latin America and Africa is becoming more reliant on subsidies and affirmative actions than on its...
But both nudity &amp; religiosity have increased. The world has become more polar, both ways, with loss of center and/or its stability. The West is loosing glue and so is Europe, thanks to US, France, and UK. The loss of homogeneity (whatever little planet earth had or still has)...
How I would see 2018 in a tweet or two? I see the year as the inability of political and religious leaders to control their respective constituencies, particularly the overlapping ones. It is largely due to erratic and irresponsible behavior shown by both Trump and Francis...
this would not result in a third world war. It is a matter within the West and mostly a fault of competing and contradicting European and American nationalism. By the way both Trump and Macron are suitable persons to break NATO alliance but then others are not interested.
I forget to mention Russia-China cooperation against US-led West implying another cold war. Since Russia doesn't have much economic successes and China depends a lot on the West for its economic success Sino-Orthodox axis does not have much teeth and even under stress...
NATO economic cooperation and segmentation will break down and this potential violation of NPT and unregulated economic competition could lead to third world war as the Western nations would look for new trading blocks and military alliances. This could lead to a global war.
When US really annul NATO and there is no replacement of it by another US-led military alliance of almost same nations. Why? It is because almost all Western nations can &amp;also many of the non-Western European nations can make nuclear weapons and ICBMs and because of collapse of..
So when can third world war take place? By Russia-US entanglement? No because of Russian impotency in economic matters. Because of China-US trade war? Under no circumstances as Chinese economy is derivative of the Western economy.  So, how?
... understand the law. So, there was never a first caste ever in India. If you read any Hindu texts you'll find them as liar or mad. In Christendom and in Islamic world clergy classes were never the most dominant. But their priest classes are as big liar as Hindu priests are.
Not only those who steal and encroach others' rights are fallible but those who sell their rights are equally corrupt. So, Brahmins were as corrupt as fighters were and fighters just could never be the first caste. So, Manu is fatally wrong and one can say that he didn't...
Priest class was never first caste in India as they used to depend on alms offered by others; only thing that could support their claims about their superiority in social strata: right to laverate (niyoga): was frequently sold and violated by fighter and trading classes.
do not conform to their outdated and erroneous worldview? Just like bandits. What about British? They would behave like bhungis with British government's pets telling to all illiterates that there is only one human civilization &amp; Universe! Fine, if true how unproductive it w'd be
...any British PM could be in the present circumstances. In fact most of the Whites in the globe are racists and they've valid reasons to be so. But do you know how even most possessed American Whites would behave towards people who are far more powerful than what they're but..,
You see why British people voted for Brexit (even though with thin majority)? Because Tories wished to become Republicans and Labour Democrats! All talks about centrism in Great Britain is utter nonsense and it tells at impotency of British people. May is as racist as...
Indian intelligentsia can be clubbed into four classes and they can be called four castes as well: serf, loafer, obscene and impotent. The outcastes comprise mostly of doctoral degree holders who do not have much knowledge about English.
Poor India has allocated almost 1.4 billion USD for its mission to send 4 Indians in space for 7 days. I don't believe booming India story but if true then Indian government will spend most of the amount paying foreign space agencies bill to realize such a mad dream. Oops!
Trump says that US under his administration shall not play the role of global cop. Fine, but the point is that can US dominate global equity and debt markets and also be globe's leading producer and service provider without being the global cop? My answer is a firm no.
Trump family has one attribute in common with all religious icons in that that like them it also wants its genitals to be worshiped. I can bet that like many, many other families on earth almost entire Trump family is nude and it predates Melania's entry into Trump's life.
When I saw Brigitte kissing Lebanese PM Sa'ad Hariri on his lips in front of Macron I got to know that she was bisexual. Macron didn't mind,not because he had big heart possibly because he is in sexual relationship with Brigitte's lesbian partner. What if I go wrong? A blunder.
What would 67 year old man do with his 6 year old wife almost two millennia back? Then there were no bra and pantie and thus obviously he would play with her genitals, make her bath and do what Jack and Jill did when they went up to the hill. Feudal!
Christians are special in the sense that they call a 6 year old poor child labor as Madonna. Then it would mean 'ma do na' (mom please give).
An INC donkey has been sentenced to life imprisonment for instigating and carrying out violence against Sikhs during 1984 anti-Sikh riots. I am sure that Sonia Gandhi and Rahul must be worried about their life or else such ruling cannot come from a High Court of India.
I claim that Sikhism is a sham and illegitimate religion and I am going to prove this assertion in the following.	Sikhism name is ‘Khalsa’ which as per law of language is derived from the Arabic word... https://t.co/t90y7HAmaq
Today 2 or 3 serfs from INC will take oath of bastard constitution. It is possible because Modi, Rahul and Shah played sequel to Hollywood porn Scirocco! Earlier it used to be Vajpayee, Sonia, and Advani. How sinful? Crazy! Anybody understanding religion on earth will become nude
accept bastards and impotent as their rulers. Oh how low earth Whites can be! Even though US does not have formal monarchy but its present state resembles pre-independence Rajasthan of British India.
in line to throne! Bastards! The fact is that Britain has a feeble and weak monarchy. Why? It is so because earth does not understand law or else Britain should be Parliamentary democracy and not constitutional monarchy. But British public is more bastard than Tudors as they...
A monarch charges tax on its subjects and doesn't receive salary, allowances and pensions from elected bodies but Tudors do. If Charles is the Prince of UK then why he is called Prince of Wales. Obviously it is title and bastard broadcasting corporation (BBC) even names 9th...
Do you know the meaning of word Khalsa? Sikh says that it means pure. No. Khal means skin in English and Sa means like in Hindi. So, Khalsa means Suwar (swine) ki Khal Sa (Like swine's skin). Gobind was bastard and son of an Afghan Moslem. Sikhism is a hybrid religion.
Surrogate Woman! Oh Madam! They're not your only Adam. Yash Raj was also one of them.
of Garden of Eden. Sure, Freud was fool in the sense that he ignored the person having highest Oedipus complex in human history &amp;believed in Vatican's version of Christianity. But I can say with utmost confidence that both Vajpayee &amp; Modi were in deep love with Sonia Gandhi.
What is the secret of Modi's success? It is that former Indian Prime Minister Vajpayee used to rehearse this Hindi song: Bas Yahi Apradh Mein Har Bar Karta Hoon Adam Hoon Madam Se Pyar Karta Hoon (The only crime that I repeat is that being Manu I am in deep love with Eve (Sonia)
BJP's Amit Shah and Narendra Modi and Rahul Gandhi of INC played a sequel to a Hollywood porn named Scirocco. You may be knowing who Modi is? No but I will tell you who Rahul is: Brahmin son of bloody motherfucker.
Rahul Gandhi of INC and Narendra Modi of BJP have been playing political ping pong since 2013 singing anthem of Indian politicians: Bas Yahi Apradh Mein HarBar Karta Hoon, Adam hoon Adam Se Pyar Karta Hoon (Only crime that I repeat is that I am in gay relationship).
You see Iran wants to cash-in anti-Americanism prevalent in Europe. Fine, it is a country of mullah in great depravity &amp; in huge turmoil. Shiites are as notorious as Sunnis are but it wants to put itself as a fair society and a democracy because Saudi Arabia is an absolute state
Why does Trump like India? Because India is a lawless country and always invoke law and righteousness to explain its foul and dirt. I know one thing that Trump is guilty of what all that media accuse him of but he is very unlikely to be impeached and if he contests may win 2020.
Continued protests in Paris prove that Macron is motherfucker and takes clue from his mummy-wife. Sure, his opponents are crazy Leftists who do not want to believe that world has changed forever and one day idea of socialists Europe is bound to fail.
A global underclass impotent did hard labor in hyper-imagination of hundreds of millions of people of earth for six days and was so beaten up in the process that he got all his bones broken and flesh chopped off on seventh day. That bastard enunch was god.
Almost 3 weeks ago Chief Ministers of two Indian states banned Indian Central Intelligence Agency, CBI, from carrying out its duties in their respective states. It shows that CBI is corrupt down-to-earth and that Indian Constitution is far off from being ideal.
Even American Whites can find it hard to understand that biggest critics of gods and religions are capitalists and not communists. Believing in god even for a transient period of time implies impotency and fatalism for such people. Sure, they don't live on planet earth.
Topic: Trump and bin-Salman	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 546 	The fact is that Trump has hand in bin-Salman’s ascension to Crown-Prince of Saudi Arabia. Or minimally he, his family, other Republicans... https://t.co/6IjK40VU8m
To me Sikhism's first guru, Nanak, appears as drug addict or gay or both and its last guru Gobind as son of Afghan Moslem. All should know that in practice &amp;in appearance Sikhism is closer to Islam than to Hinduism but poor and mentally bankrupt RSS just can't understand this.
How can a below average Melania trying to sack Trump's top aide? It is because she wants to cash-in her ability to pull-in crowds and support for Trump and other Republicans due to her pantie and bra. Being a former sex worker I am sure she is expert in it. Poor conservatives!
... pelvic repulsion. Now if this story was not changed then Joseph would be a god of Christianity and the religion a sect of Judaism. Everybody should know that Jesus was not born on 25th December. Would minnow Francis call such lies as acts of terrorism? I don't think so.
... Sure, even during Christianity there were no possibility of having audio-visual records but if early apostle of Christianity did not lie there would be no Vatican and no Christianity. Jesus did not die on cross but by wounds due to stabbing by his full brother due to...
Pope Francis dubs gossipers 'terrorists' as they drop bombs with tongues and destroy reputation. Well, Francis does not understand that no organized religion would be there in modern times if gossips and lies were not spread by early people in all organized religions. ...
As per Northern Province (India) CM Yogi Bisht, those who weren't loyal to Ram were of no use. As much as I know from Ramayana and others Ram was abductionist and rapist and from face Bisht appears to be not the son of father whose photo was published in Times of India.
A Slovenian serf cum former sex worker is dictating terms to White House and is trying to run the tepid US administration. Sure, that's what the size of Anglo-Protestant Whites has reduced down to. The much acclaimed mother who was equally pervert was anyway an Israeli Jew. Fine!
from the post of Israel's Defense Minister is a step to put pressure on Trump administration urging it to offer little to Palestinians; not even soothing words. Elections were expected earlier anyway in Israel and if Israeli Right win Lieberman could easily rejoin the Cabinet.
Israel signed a peace deal with Hamas because Trump wants to announce his would be failed Middle East peace plan. The fact is that Trump is so pro-Israeli that he can't offer anything more to Palestinians than the worst Democratic administration for them. Lieberman's resignation
ambitions and disappointments but then she is tasting real power at #10. The fact is that today she'll face a lot of opposition during the Cabinet meeting &amp; it is very much likely to suggest her certain modification and agreements but will eventually approve it &amp;so'll Parliament.
do not want elections. Next general elections Tories are going to loose and snap elections with more certainty. May has no political career left after her this term except for very chaotic and unpredictable possibilities. The fact is that she is carrying burden of Tories'...
Britain is a bhungi state is known to me forever and it will prove so on 29th March next year when it will leave EU despite May having virtually very few supporters on her side in the Westminster. Why? It is so because she is a very good corpse-mover and except for few, others
Since the Indian SC has not granted a stay on its decision over Sabrimala case but has promised to consider curative petition in January it is more likely than not that SC will retain its decision &amp; women of all ages will be allowed to enter the temple. In my opinion it is wrong.
... &amp; discretionary. The fact is that he did not use the full discretion and acted on political grounds. Thus his order was deemed arbitrary. I expect the Sri Lankan government to return with the same leader though I must admit that I don't understand Sri Lankan politics.
Sri Lanka's SC decision against its President's ordinance to dissolve country's parliament &amp; call for a snap poll in December is correct as Sri Lankan Constitution has changed and while President still has the authority to do what he ordered the fact is it is more restricted...
CNN is much likely to win its legal battle against Trump and Trump White House for seizing the press credentials of one of its correspondents to the White House. An American President is expected to be more tolerant of his and her criticism by media than what Trump usually is.
Today's escalation in war in Yemen is a stark warning by Saudi Arabia about the dreadful consequences Yemen will face and by segmenting with Iran the harm that Saudis can cause to the Middle East should they are isolated and convicted over Jamal's killings.
of Jamal's killings opr minimally bin has confessed his crime before him through Salman. It is like calling the arsonist to extinguish the fire and investigate his or her crime.
I think Erdogan should stop behaving like a nihilistic Hindu leader on Jamal's death and extract some economic advantage from Saudi Arabia. Trump knows more than him on the killing and there is no point in expecting him to cooperate as he possibly had prior knowledge...
Macron says that patriotism is exact opposite of nationalism. To expect patriots of being long-term investors and having understanding e of political space-time of globe is too much. Earth is not that literate. I don't know who taught him that. May be his mommy.
Even though I can go wrong here but I think that Congressional election in US was more like a segmented contest than a fair and free one. Obama proved what is known to me forever that Blacks and possibly all non-Whites are surrogates of Whites. Trump's skin in the end was saved.
As per past editions of Times of India; an Indian majority shareholding newspaper, India could not make even a diesel submarine. How can it make a nuclear submarine now? As should be obvious to any rational; and dispassionate reader of this tweet, Modi is a bastard PM.
United States has resumed military exercises with South Korea. This is mostly due to midterm elections to woo hardliners among Republicans but Trump has not given up on striking a deal with Kim on nuclear non-proliferation. To me its possibly a wild imagination &amp; is unrealistic.
Pompeo's dual oration of seeking justice for Jamal and continue dealing with Saudi Arabia as US has been in the past imply that bin-Salman is guilty but US will not do anything except covering up the entire episode and lip service. This is utterly simple and obvious for me.
revulsion and repulsion against Trump's United States and basing its survival strategy on totally unknown factors. Sanctions are unlikely to deter Iran from indulging in regional hegemony though they are going to badly affect Iranian people and Iran's economy.
Trump's Iran sanctions do not have many international backers, including many key US allies, but they can be effective if EU does not opt for parallelism and US does not continue its trade wars with many nations, including with China. Iran has little options except hoping for...
I am not sure who will win midterm elections in US but I think that it is advantage Democrats that too because they are in opposition with not much fault of Republicans. Republicans if they loose they'll loose because of Trump &amp;their win will be due to pelvic repulsion or chance.
to me his real father must be head priest of a temple in Gujarat. I think that I am all correct. If correct Patel was not alone in this League as Jinnah and Nehru both were supposedly bastards. Earth is very unique in this sense.
Yesterday Narendra inaugurated India's Iron man and its first Interior Minister Patel's statue. Whenever I look at Patel's face and body he appears Brahmin to me as such body with his particular skull is not possible for any Patel neither such is possible for fighter community.
convictions by lower courts do not hold ground in Pakistan's apex court but here Pakistan might have expected some dividends and Trump might have granted few though not many. Trump is desperate to win Congressional elections against all odds but he not succeed fully.
Aasia Bibi's pardon by Pakistani Supreme Court over blasphemy charges is a well staged show by Trump and his evangelical team apparently to influence US Congressional elections. The fact is that Aasia's release was long overdue as despite of religious orthodoxy such...
Merkel is stepping down as CDU Chief but not so happily even though I will not call it as her peer's gender bias. The fact is that she as Chancellor has overstayed and now appears even boring and bald.
Jamal was definitely dismembered and his body parts have been consumed either by humans or by animals. bin is a master-player and master-plotter and Erdogan has no power against him nor any serious willingness either.
Topic: Melania and Trump	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 371 	Anyone knowing United States’ First Lady Melania should be knowing that she is a former supermodel and having a nude photo-shoot was a... https://t.co/Ouc1Qs7VfK
and Union government's subsidy schemes but it would not as SC's verdict is mostly politically motivated to benefit mostly BJP and INC. Population cannot be checked-in through such artificial means. And if I am wrong on this then I am at l;east correct that this SC is naive.
SC verdict that Indian rural bodies' contestants cannot have more than two kids is pathetic decision and is against the individuality of men and woman. In the same stretch it can say that couples having more than two kids cannot be legitimate  beneficiaries of various state...
said so to get some economic aid and help from Saudi Arabia and he might have Trump's blessings regarding this. bin is shameless and so are other key al-Sauds. The fact is that nothing would happen and cannot happen to bin. But the other world has learned something from it.
understands that earth and possibly rest of two Universes are more brutal and indecent than what they appear. The fact is that bin never feared for consequences as long as US didn't ditch and anyway he is immune against any punishment as per Saudi laws. The fact is Erdogan...
Turkey's clarification that it doesn't want regime change in Saudi Arabia is too much and this is far above its size and say in the region. The fact is that bin planned and ordered killing of Jamal because he wanted to publicly kill him in full eyes of camera because he...
I think Brazilian Far Right candidate will win the run off vote with relative ease. Should it be the case and he implements his agenda then he will become Dutertte of Philippines.
Jamal's murder is coldblooded ruthless killing done by Saudi state to try acquire lethal capability and test the acceptance of brutality by two Universes. bin is culpable and so is Salman and the entire Saudi state. Bin has partly succeeded and partly failed.
If one can objectively look at Honduras migrants walking towards United States through Mexico one can understand how reckless, shameless and rascal the world has become. The fact is that they don't have any right over US even if their internal situation is precarious.
particularly those putting constraints on US. The fact is that his core base would welcome if he pulls off the treaty and also that Russia is a bit puzzled.
Trump is withdrawing from INF treaty partly because of electoral reasons, partly because of China and partly because of belief in US that no nation, including Russia, can defeat it in innovation and arm race. The fact is that Trump is against all international treaties, ...
Topic: Understanding Ramayana	Countries: India, United Kingdom and United States	words: 615 	If you look at Rama and Sita; hero and heroine of Ramayana, children name; Luv and Kush, they are not from... https://t.co/Xjzmgjulw6
Topic: Deciphering Julie 	Countries: India, Italy, United Kingdom and United States	words: 344 	Julie is a movie showing erotic and sensuous love between a Christian girl and a Hindu boy. But in my opinion... https://t.co/V7VySqXIu1
Stormy Daniel has lost a defamation lawsuit case against Trump. It's a right decision as Trump did sex with him but did not defame her by denying having done sex with her. After all, Stormy is or was a sex worker; only thing is that so was Trump's wife, Melania, in the past.
Pompeo has given disgraced and fallen bin-Salman a kind of publicity which even his country could not give. May be Ivanka and bin-Salman are in Plutonic love with each other or may be he has sympathisizers in Washington, DC, outside Trump family as well.
Except for bizarre chance it has now become almost certain that Great Britain and European Union will not reach agreement over Northern Ireland borders with European Union. So, there is unlikely to be final... https://t.co/LOxddw6Ltx
Even though I can go wrong here but I will say that Trump administration is not going to fully withdraw United States’ support to Saudi and Emirati operations in Yemen as its primary concerns in the region... https://t.co/homHvWTJUI
United States’ special envoy to Afghanistan and Pakistan very recently met with Taliban leaders in Kuwait in a hope to workout a negotiated settlement of the Afghan conflict. Americans off late have admitted... https://t.co/9U9Rfkj8Ef
Topic: Israel is very rapidly drifting away from Western values	Countries: Western and Islamic ones as well as Israel	words: 291	Israeli police has said that it would probe the death of a Palestinian woman... https://t.co/Kk9qwQNbjO
of Jamal's death until November 6th midnight when voting is over and Salman would be too happy to have so. Erdogan is also complicit in the act &amp; since delay could undo to some extent Turkey's involvement in the incident he will not mind much. Now the ball is in WP &amp;NYT's court.
Trump and Salman are delaying formal announcement of Jamal Khashoggi's death. Trump has domestic reasons as elections are round the corner and Salman is delaying due to international investors' meet in Saudi Arabia. Trump would like to delay making public the announcement...
In all likelihood Trump will ease sanctions on Turkey but after the mid-term Congressional elections as it is a done deal between US and Turkey but he does not want to appear compromising on the issue. Erdogan has enough patience &amp;Russia has lost some points with him due to Syria
But still CSU is likely to emerge as the single largest party and it is its candidate who is going to be next Prime Minister of Bavaria because CSU is regional Right and it is not that populist and hawkish as AfD has been.
In Bavarian regional elections CSU; the regional Right, is going to perform relatively bad and Greens are going to gain, but probably not because Bavarians have accepted immigration and migrants but because the movement against German sovereignty is subsiding.
... critical of their identity. There is no other way for Indians to do well. It is Indian individuals who excel; Indian state hardly does so. I think English is very essential for vitality of Indian individuals and also for Indian state. Too much nationalism is bad for India.
Indian VP Naidu has called for greater usage of Hindi and Vernacular languages in courts. Since his takeover as VP Naidu has been advocating for self-pride laced with excessive nationalism forgetting in the process that Indians excel by being imperfect, imprecise and by being...
The release of American pastor Andrew Hunson from Turkey jail was possible because of Saudi consulate Istanbul issue. Erdogan wants to write off his involvement in the incident and Trump should have relaxed on trade war with Ankara. Anyway, it's Erdogan deep and wide compulsion.
...them are talking about probing the incident. What's the point? Erdogan will in the end cheat on probe and Trump will continue to support bin-Salman.
I am sure that all three; bin-Salman, Erdogan and Trump, were aware of at least partly as to what would happen with Jamal in Istanbul. Now all three are planing to probe the incident. Sure, Erdogan and Trump might not knew about the full details about the incident. Now all of ...
Ukrainian Orthodox Church has formally split from Russian Orthodox Church. The fact is that Church all over the globe are divided over three major things: Jesus’ birth date, how he died and about who was... https://t.co/RcPKJT5Jiv
Mahmoud Hussein, al-Jazeera journo's detention has been extended for seventeenth times. It is because he is politically orphan and has no protector at high ranks.
You have to understand that he is professionally not that capable and still yours boss. So, you have to predict him, brace yourself for erratic &amp; random orders &amp; still you should be able to give all this a coherent shape. This is difficult for even White females; in fact for all.
Trump says Nikki Haley will earn a lot once she joins a private firm. It shows that he fired her but with her consent. And why did he fire her? It is because she, and this is true about all non-White females, could not pursue his foreign policy agenda at United Nations.
Topic: Jamal Khashoggi’s murder shows that bin-Salman is probing Universes and has a brain of an experimentalist	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 563 	I remember Saudi Crown Prince bin-Salman saying in... https://t.co/Wjyo89u6Ly
Malaysia has abolished (or suspended?) death sentence punishment apparently under international institutions and/or foreign governments' pressure. It is significant as Malaysia is an Islamic nation.
I think that Nikki, former US Ambassador to UN, was rather fired by Trump-Pence team instead of she resigning on her own. The fact is that no non-White female can follow up Trump's foreign policy agenda and she might have made many blunders as per Trump-Pence team as well.
It is almost certain that Khashoggi is not alive now. This is a new low for current Saudi government and Trump administration and has the potential to damage Saudi-American relations. If true, bin-Salman proves again that he is naive as there was nothing high-staked about Jamal.
British are very interesting people in the sense that taxpayers among them support Tudors and bow down before them as well. Also, British polity is hugely bogged down in celebrating its centrism. Despite of all that many Britons are independent and racist people.
I think child abuse victims should have upper limits to report the crime: maximum of ten years beyond legally nubile age as per the laws of state. The reason is simple: all are equal before laws and laws should never be biased for or against any individual, gender, caste or creed
I think for their own financial viability Indian banks should have more freedom to decide their own lending rates and they should not be compelled to pass on RBI's rate cuts to borrowers. Such matter should never come to notice of courts which are mostly inefficient &amp; incapable.
Chief Minister of Indian state Haryana says that his state will also make citizens' register. It is a way to polarize people of the state between those who believe in Hindu nationalism and those who don't and I think Khattar will be successful in keeping the state saffron.
Topic: Even relatively rich Gujaratis do not understand what is capitalism and even rich UP people and Biharis are overtly nationalistic and these two things form the basis of recent tension between... https://t.co/K5GB1RX7aL
Topic: Are earth humans not responsible for their actions done through their conscious choice simply because they are clergy?	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 573 	Pope Francis has blamed Satan for sex... https://t.co/3ZRQ2MEn3F
compulsion of United States to inflate India and always. The fact is for its satellite &amp; launch objectives India depends on US. But you see Americans are crazy people &amp; Indians are so prone to bloating just because few Indian expatriates are doing well in US. Vow! What a claim!
Central Asia and few fighting communities have their genes. Fine, I am not blaming Harsh for what he said as Indian science and even its leading academics work on mythological beliefs but it is a handiwork of a US Embassy Official or could be even Juster's game. You know it is...
Indian Science Minister, Harsh Vardhan, has said in an international conference that earlier US used to deny visa to Modi but now it seeks Modi-ruled India's assistance in putting its satellite into orbits. You see the Minister's name matches with that of a Hun invader from...
New York Times (NYT), one of the United States’ leading publications, reported that Melania Trump did a blunder by wearing a colonial era’s hat while visiting Africa. Fine, I think that Melania was trying to... https://t.co/K9BUgmsZsh
Topic: How Kavanaugh got confirmed?	Countries: The Western ones	words:692 	If one minutely observes the way FBI handled Brett Kavanaugh’s sexual allegations investigation he or she would compare it with how... https://t.co/ufPFMPFcsE
Election Commission of India has announced dates for Assembly elections in five states. From second week of November to second week of December, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Telangana and Mizoram... https://t.co/5wcxaf2NC0
Do not think that I am commenting on this year's winners but I think that declaring Nobel prize winners need not be necessarily an annual ritual. If Swedish Arts &amp; Science Academy finds deserving candidates then it is fine or else they should skip a or multiple nominations.
From practical perspectives Kavanaugh is all set to be confirmed Saturday night, ET. I think that Republicans are all set to loose both Chambers of the Congress but who knows they loosing lesser numbers of seats &amp;loosing with lesser margins. Are they that big nationalists?
Topic: Jamal’s arrest and deportation from Turkey was planned after Meng’s arrests in China	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 587 	I know that I can widely wrong here but I am still writing about it even... https://t.co/t9v3KUKpBB
respectful word. Thus in English only outcastes is the correct word.
originated from anus implying excreata thus rendering them untouchable status. In modern times outcastes call themselves 'dalit' in Hindi. Dalit means a person whose ego and self-respect is systematically bruised and traumatized since inception and thus it is also not a...
priest getting originated from head, fighter from hands and chest, trader from belly and serf from legs. As per Manu and Krishna outcastes are not Hindus but Manu has described them in his code. Rear in this context means anus and thus as per Wendy's translation outcastes have...
Wendy Doniger in her translation of Code of Manu describes outcastes as rear castes. She does it to give a place to suppressed classes who have been discriminated for millennia but she has made a blunder. As per Hindu mythology man was created from premordial man with...
Putin and Trump are competing with each other on spoiling the globe by their actions and choices they offer to globe. It is indeed gunny &amp; joyful  to watch the two men speak. Mind you, despite of their competition both are good friends as well. So, always remember segmentation.
United States’ assertion that International Court of Justice (ICJ) has no jurisdiction over it planning to impose or even imposing unilateral sanctions on Iran after it withdrew from the 2015 nuclear... https://t.co/gp52yaMzxT
Topic: Six dangers to longevity of two Universes and human lives there	Countries: Possibly the entire globe	words: 445 	I will very briefly discuss six potential dangers to longevity of two Universe and... https://t.co/CmGt1s4ChN
Topic: Putin and Modi may like to revive strategic ties between Russia and India back to Soviet Union era’s levels though this is roughly impossible	Country: SAARC, BRICS and Western ones	words: 420 	Whether... https://t.co/wUwf4G4490
UK accusation against Russian state that it has been undermining Western democracy is partly correct though Putin may be under external influence and does not appear to care much for consequences and/or retaliatory actions. He is possibly dumb and mute on he matter.
Whatever be the result of Sunday vote the fact is that Brazilian politics would become more polar than ever before and this would be new normal in Brazilian politics. In my opinion populist Right candidate is more likely to win the vote than the Left's candidate.
... The fact is that Najib and his family are part guilty and part non-guilty and thus as per Islamic laws as applicable in the country or as per modern Malaysian laws they will be pardoned since super-entity state was involved but then they may have to go on exile.
Former Malaysian First Lady has pleaded 'no guilty' to all 17 charges of money laundering, corruption and tax evasion. She is part guilty though in my opinion other parts of Malaysian state were complicit in the corruption scandal and all that has happened was partly staged. ...
Sure, Boris Johnson is charismatic young leader from Tory party and May is not so but he alone cannot change the leader at #10 because many in his party consider him to be non-serious and casual and many consider him to be just good orator and not equally good administrator.
status of Catalonia hangs in limbo. I wonder whether in near time there will be definitive opinion for or against the secession of Catalonia from rest of Spain and such a decisive swing would depend on the non-neutral stand of EU nations and that of US on the issue.
A poll done in July 2018 shows that 47% Catalans support independence of Catalonia from Spain while 45% don't. In order to materialize their opinion I think there should be around 10% difference between yes &amp;no camps either way but this does not appear to be happening and thus...
slap a senior IAS officer if he or she contests his claim or argues with him above a level. Modi is inherently &amp; intrinsically feudalistic and non-violent but since Gandhi is a bigger trademark and has higher political value he sticks to lip service over ahimsa. That's the cost.
When a serf Hindu is low in life he or she can beg before upper castes but when the same person ascends higher into social standing he or she can slap even fighting &amp;priest castes. I can bet that Modi who calls himself an ardent follower of Gandhi and thus non-violent can even...
Belief in god means that that society and people are psychological impotent. If a person is not able to explain a fact he or she invokes the idea of god. That's the basis for genesis as per religion. Sure, atheists are more impotent than theists as they fail even in economics.
Topic: Latest news about Meghan shows that she had multiple sexual encounters outside her first marriage and this news has been exposed to media by Elizabeth	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 838 	I read... https://t.co/NVqV4VjBw8
For very aware people in India Gandhi has become more like a Gujarati icon thanks to painstaking efforts by first Gujarati Prime Minister, Modi. If he were not to speak in Hindi there would be nothing non-Gujarati left in him. He is so proud of buttered milk that it amuses me.
Topic: Indian creative people, particularly psychiatrists and sexologists, are pervert but then they are correct on Indian porn, ‘Savita Bhabhi’	Countries: India and Western world	words: 364 	You know there... https://t.co/uEmx3zC22n
Topic: If Kavanaugh becomes Supreme Court Justice it will be because of John Roberts and this has to do with sudden death of Justice Scilia in 2016	Countries: Many though unspecified but definitely United... https://t.co/5HJI0TWSZ6
I am sure broadcasting court's proceedings live does not come within the right to know clause of Indian Constitution as Indians as a group hardly understand state you forget law. It is unnecessary involvement of people into judicial matters and will undermine court's objectivity
reservations in India is not only unfortunate but also wrong. The fact is that creamy layers among the reserved classes should be promoted as per their individual skills and not because of their social identities. I think Indian SC is getting much affected by RSS' opinions.
Genetic history can't be altered by affirmative actions but by education, investment and by dynamics of genetic pools. In this regard Indian apex court's verdict upholding its previous bench's decision of continuing with promotion of creamy layers among the beneficiaries of...
with Iran. But Rouhani would not budge as he is no Kim because Iran is not a one person dominated nation and Ayatollah is above him. Also, Iran is completely different from North Korea. His tricks as he played with Kim will not succeed with Rouhani and anyway Kim is also lying.
After an indecent and undeserving snub by EU Trump is left with twin option of either threatening Iran or wishing a meeting with Rouhani as he would not like to engage in a war with it. Neither he is an apt person for that nor his core supporters support idea of a having war...
Yesterday while accompanying her husband Trump to UN headquarters in NYC Melania was portraying herself as a strong-woman and not only as a fashionable wife and object of public desire. She appeared aggressive and even violent to me as if she could kick her husband's opponents.
Topic: How spaceships assess earth and what those assessments are?	Countries: The entire globe	words: 1531 	Before I tell you about how spaceships assess earth I need to determine what their benchmarks will... https://t.co/2HFjOmy25F
burden on its allies and friends and they don't have means to milk out it as Syria does not have much oil wealth though it can be strategically important. Trump in certain sense  is a saver and he considers Syrians, including Sunnis and Kurds among them, as fools and stupid.
Trump apparent neutrality in Syria as such does not hurt US and its allies' interests though it affects Syrian Sunnis though not the larger Sunni world. Trump saves US taxpayers' dollars by looking other way around in many parts of Syria. I tell you Syria will be a very big...
...I tell you from spaceships' standards United States is a pity state. Why? It is so because even Republican Whites wait for hours holding placards and banners in their hands waiting to take a glimpse of Trump! Earth even doesn't understand its biological evolution completely!
So, if aliens were to asses earth how they would proceed? By evaluating China? India? Russia? No, not even by UK but by US. In US it would be mostly Whites by race and mostly Republicans by political ideology whose data will be processed though Democrats will be equal to queer..
Topic: Why having AADHAR card (legally equivalent of social security number of United States though different from that) mandatory is constitutionally challenging?	Country: India	words: 669 	If having AADHAR... https://t.co/V13jed6gI5
Syria where Russia has. Putin just wants to follow a monotonous policy of supporting Assad without accepting complexity while doing so. I think Putin shows some signs of naivety as Assad and Syria will turn out to be a big burden on Russia when it doesn't have too many resources.
Between Israel and Syria Putin has clearly chosen Syria as he has decided to sell S-300 anti-aircraft system to Syria despite of Israeli objections. He didn't have to do this as Iran cannot challenge Russia's might in Syria and US doesn't have interest in those parts of...
Can Manu in modern times be happy with Brahmins who as per him being surrogates of Whites could be slave? Manu is a puritan lawmaker and would not care about sovereignty and integrity of India. It's almost certain that Manu of modern times would hate Brahmins &amp; would reject them.
gravitational, cannot be infinite. Thus argument of massless virtual or mediating bosons may not necessarily be the correct thing. Also, there may be interactions which might be mediated by fermions. I think earth's field theories are theoretically incorrect in puritan sense.
Among physical things only life of the Universes and that of a human civilization can be endless or infinite. Distance can never be infinite. As should be known to all physicists that size of Universe is finite. Thus range of any interaction, namely electromagnetic and...
If you listen to AIR (official Indian government’s radio broadcaster) news at 8:00 am and/or at 8:45 pm you will get to know Modi-government’s new subsidy schemes with wonderful names in Hindi everyday. I... https://t.co/Tl34kjvtBp
Topic: Kavanaugh’s confirmation fiasco and United States Congressional elections	Country: United States	words: 637 	A second woman has accused United States Supreme Court nominee Kavanaugh of sexual assault.... https://t.co/w5REklCrWH
Topic: Will United Kingdom opt for snap polls? My answer is yes. 	Country: United Kingdom	words: 672 	United Kingdom’s both governing and main opposition parties are in doubt over Brexit. There is more... https://t.co/7DAUZVPo88
evolve in China. Also, in case of rising theism in China Communists will consider Christianity to be a relatively friendlier religion to the state compared to Islam. However, in my opinion it is the Vatican which gained more by signing deal with the Chinese government.
of the globe. Vatican sees millions of Chinese as potential new Christians if politburo decides to liberalize political system in China and Chinese government sees deal with Vatican as authentication of its view on religious matters and it also tells as to how religion will...
Vatican's agreement with Chinese government over appointment of bishops is gain for both as China needs friends worldwide, particularly in Europe, in view of rising tensions with US and Vatican a cushion to shrug off the rising atheism in the West and possibly in other parts...
request resumption of peace talks as India does not gain much by discussing Kashmir with Pakistan. However, Khan can't be blamed for mutilation of Indian soldier's body as Pakistan Army is a state within a state. I think Kashmir dispute is irresolvable in present circumstances.
Neither Modi's rebuff to Imran nor Khan's snub to Narendra should be of surprise to anyone as both are incapable of resisting pressure from their constituencies and patrons. Modi will not budge over Kashmir nor Khan is a pacifist nor a deal maker. It was Khan's compulsion to...
In today's Maldives elections more pro-Chinese candidate is more likely to win. India may loose out its influence as Modi government is on a spending spree back home and thus cannot provide much developmental assistance to Maldives.  I think it will become more Islamic country.
acquittal. There is a precedent as well as Trump's accusers of he sexually assaulting them did not file a lawsuit against him as they would loose the court battle on the same ground. That time was over is not correct. I am almost sure that Judge K will be Justice very soon.
I interpret Christine Ford's initial hesitation in testifying before Senate Judiciary Committee to she eventually enjoying Kavanaugh's assault. Sure, Kavanaugh is guilty but he will be judged by laws of the time and not by present laws. So, she feared her denigration and his...
Topic: In my opinion Pentagon-CIA combine along with Saudi Arabia arranged Southern Iran attacks on military parade	Countries: Islamic, Western, Israel and Russia	words: 463 	I hope that not too many readers... https://t.co/44UMDC9XuF
and Tories snap general elections which will become inevitable as they may not be able to replace her. Cameron considered her for 3 reasons: she was remainer, is female but strangely she is tall and thus she can fuck her European counterparts. Cameron was directionless, I suppose
May is now relying on emotions and Johnson is correct when he says that core of Tories lawmakers in Westminster is against her Irish border plan. The fact is that May was in the remain camp and does not want Brexit but if she concedes this then she will loose Tory leadership...
I think that recent meting between Kim and Moon was high on cosmetics and low on substance as both Kim and Trump are lying. Kim about his promise of full rollback of the region and Trump about his investment plans in North Korea. Moon was just intermediary and was lying as well.
Putin was responsible for shooting down of a Russian military plane near Latakia as he overplayed with all--with Israel, Syria, Turkey &amp; possibly with Iran. As much as I know Putin will show fickleness on international relations &amp; may not keep his words though this is hard task.
Indian Parliament’s acquisition of Ayodhya land in 1992-93 post demolition Babri mosque was correct in the sense that it was a necessary step to cool down passion in India and to enforce communal peace and... https://t.co/DYgViA6P8z
It was broadcast on news channels that two Koreas will make a joint bid to host 2032 Summer Olympics. As much as I know North Korea cannot host a simple international sport event due to severe cash problem.... https://t.co/gnOQJXwvm4
Topic: My explanation about shooting down of Russian plane in Syria	Countries: Syria, Israel, Iran, Turkey, Russia and United States	words: 414 	Syria shot down a Russian military plane near Latakia killing... https://t.co/LczX5OaEly
But the fact is that she is right in her warning that no deal Brexit would be disaster for Great Britain; only thing that she did not convey is EU would not have capacity to afford it either. The reason is that in Britain there is explicit majority to stay remain with EU.
IMF Chief Lagarde is helping out May over Brexit for all reasons, including because of her gender. The fact is that she is macho and appear lesbian to me and thus is very aggressive as IMF Chief in this confused and directionless but liberal dominated world.
Israel would not hurt Latakia in Syria without Russian consent. The fact is that like many on earth Russia has become an adhoc state and Putin is getting very greedy. But if that be the case he cannot implement Russian nationalistic foreign and military policies.
objectives will be hurt. But in both win or loss US economy and its private hands will be hurt. Needless to say that Chinese economy will be in ruin. It will hurt global economy as well.
Trump by putting tariffs on China is hurting US induced derivative liquidity of Chinese state taking away part of its predatory expansionist policies. If EU doesn't replace US as investor in China US is the clear winner of this trade war and Federal state's many..
Topic: As per Federal laws subsidized classes and conceded immigrants cannot be equal to subsidizing classes and Whites respectively 	Countries: Definitely the globe	words: 616 	Obama’s lasting contribution... https://t.co/QJLfVFolVz
Turkey is not United States and Russia will not consider it as its equal on Idlib. The fact is that Putin’s Russia is very assertive and it can assert its hawkish national policies on Syria, particularly on... https://t.co/srwwiPvqzV
Topic: If Moon knows his limits his talks with Kim starting tomorrow in Pyongyang will succeed; Pompeo’s visit to the region will follow up soon but Moon-Kim summit’s results will decide his future talks... https://t.co/6Tjg7AhH6W
Topic: Despite of sexual allegation charges there is high probability that Kavanaugh will be confirmed as Federal Supreme Court Justice	Country: United States	words: 586 	United States Supreme Court nomine... https://t.co/OZUEeX51x3
Topic: Manu, Brahmins, and outcastes	Country: India	words: 682 	If someone has read code of Manu and understands law slightly he or she can conclude that Manu’s laws are deflationary, anti-consumption,... https://t.co/eB7fRkRvb1
This is possibly because many Punjabi are incest and they as a linguistic group may be most incest people in the subcontinent. I know history of Punjabi like no other does.
timeless affection and he shows reciprocity. So, Mahavira should mean a person showing love towards and winning affection from both males and females. This is the poor display of social behavior from Jain preacher. So, Punjabi females address their brother as vira. Why?
So, how would you translate Vira in English? Fighter, courageous or fearless? I tell you none of them is correct though I will take fighter as the nearest translating word. So, what does Mahavira mean? Vira as per earth standards means a person for whom females of earth have...
Modi's nationalistic drive is making Indians more dependent on US and simultaneously Indians bankrupt on knowledge and skill but Modi feels pride about it. Why? It is so because he is fourth caste in Hindu hierarchy and all serfs overestimate India like RSS does.
English. The fact is that law cannot be understood in Hindi and vernacular language. One cannot even understand Manusmrti in Hindi. If you do not study law in English and practice it you are at the best lawyer for Hindu Mahasabha and you can guess your fate yourself.
at the level of English that Indian Service Chiefs speak that is very low and that shows the degradation of Indian government. The fact is that if you want to understand India you have to be great critic and admirer of Hinduism simultaneously and such is not possible without...
judiciary. The fact is that with each passing decade effect of British investment is ending and while more and more Indians are learning English the fact is that proficiency of English is not that high among the governmental elites, including Indian Armed Forces. If you look...
India has ample vacancy in High Courts around the nation. It is not because of lack of funds but because Indians don't have talent in law and on social issue. Sure, Indians speak and write the best English outside the English speaking world but this is no longer true about its..
Indians have low ego. But possibly newspaper was targeting Madhu's lingerie which was brought by Vineet and was as costly as Nikki's bed-sheet. Vow I thought Bombay Dying was an Indian company and I also thought that Mahavira was great fighter in he having love for both genders.
Times of India yesterday reported that State Department spent nearly 52K USD on Indian-American US Ambassador to UN, Nikki Haley's curtain. Despite of being even ordinary Punjabi females are object of desire at least for people of North India though Nikki would fuck Indian flag.
Egyptian authorities have arrested two sons of former Egyptian ruler Hosni Mubarak. This way the authorities are trying to prove that they are fair in not only dealing with Islamist but also secular corrupts. However, I think that it will go down well with Egyptian public.
funds to have enough liquidity for this plan. So, it will be printing manipulation by RBI which would require a good surplus amount of USD reserve. I am not sure though but I think that Trump administration is helping out Modi winning second term more so, when Rahul is reluctant.
Modi government has outlined impressive insurance initiative for roughly 500 million poor Indians providing each family an annual cover of roughly 7K USD. Sure, I do not know insurance business (or service sector) but I am dead sure that Indian government doesn't have enough...
Topic: When will United States’ mission in Afghanistan end?	Countries: Many though unspecified but definitely Afghanistan and United States	words: 779 	United States Department of Defense is corrupt and its... https://t.co/dt1D7FvxLq
go down very well with his voters, particularly in North and many may get angered with his more humble and more secular but fake image. The fact is that on 15 of this month and on 2 October he will be on cleaning drive and as much as I understand him, he will regret doing so.
that he has started attending Moslems' functions, like today in MP but his past will always haunt him and I am sure that he shows appetite for regressive and very aggressive politics. The point is that this re-basing and attempts to reconstruct and makeover his image may not...
politics and is very violent even now. The fact is that even though Modi has been a Hindu activist and RSS campaigner but he does not understand finer aspects of Hinduism and is no body in Hinduism compared to Vivekananda. I know he has masked himself handsomely in the sense...
Modi's attempt to present himself as an ardent follower of Gandhi and Vivekananda is farcical attempt to rewrite his past and that of good part of India and is doomed to fail. The fact is that not only Modi's past was violent but he is following very aggressive and monolithic...
abuse, molest and rape girls and females. But I tell you all priests, clergy and pundits are erotic &amp; have lusts for human bodies, mostly for girls. You know females are things of erotica and of desire &amp; possession on earth. If they can't do it with girls they'll do it with boys.
priests have undue advantage over their Arabic and Hindu counterparts that they use more sophisticated and more secular language whereby they can easily hide their predatory intentions. Fourth, gay sex is more commonplace among Christians and it is very punishable to openly...
there are various reasons for this. First compared to other religious peoples the phallus of Christians, particularly those of White Christians, are bigger and as a group they are more libidinous. Second mosques and temples structures are repellent to sex. Third, Christian...
Catholic church is struggling with child abuse cases. The fact is that religion is an export of spaceships and its original form there were pornography. So, why only church or Catholic church is struggling with this problem? I tell you this is under-reported problem but then...
Topic: United States’ politics is getting segmented since 2000 Presidential elections	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 735 	The results of United States Presidential elections in 2000 were decided by... https://t.co/NbPzQBpxtz
Topic: Assessing Narendra’s ego	Countries: Many though unspecified but definitely India and Western ones	words: 1,133 	Indian Prime Minister Narendra said that the world is talking about Mangalyaan... https://t.co/NiEGvx7U3F
Topic: Hopes of Palestinian statehood are shelved till Trump is in the White House	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 370 	Trump generally speaking personally does not like Moslems is well known but... https://t.co/uLJ5NhBvJW
Osama was the first name of the al-Qaeda Chief and not his second name as I have written. I apologize for that.
Bush was preceded by Democrat Clinton while Obama was succeeded by Republican Trump and it so happens that Trump's rival was Clinton's wife Hillary and she was also Obama's Democrat rival for nominations during 2008 Presidential race.
Meaning of Barack in African language, possibly Swahili, is auspicious and it appears that it is derived from word Buraq.
Bush was preceded by a Dem President and Obama was succeeded by a Republican. Anyway, I see hands of many states in carrying out 9/11 attacks. Sure, al-Qaeda was culpable but not the most culpable.
is based there) Hussein (Mohammad's maternal grandson who was martyred in battle of Karbala, Iraq) Osama (the last name of dreaded terrorists who was supposed to be mastermind behind the attacks and was killed on the May day in 2011 by Special Operation Forces). Obama was Dem.
If you look at the name of President who succeeded Bush under whose Presidency the attacks took place it was Barack Hussein Obama which resembles with Buraq (white horse on which Mohammad rode to Palestine from where as per Moslems' belief he reached heaven. al-Asqa mosque...
Whenever I see video clips of 9/11 attacks I wonder how random people located in remote parts of Asia and Africa could inflict such a huge damage onto US. How can al-Qaeda terrorists contact airport employees to allow guns into the hands of terrorists? It is implausible to me.
Possibly even Mao and Stalin would not do what Trump's NSA Bolton did yesterday--issuing threats to ICC Judges if they proceed with their investigations into war crime by US forces and officials in Afghanistan. I am sure that Federal Supreme Court and ICJ will not appreciate it.
Irrespective of who he is as I do not know whether he is Modi, a Vish, or Modi, a backward caste, the fact is to me he is serf and an ardent Hindu believing in the most mainstream hardline Hinduism. By identity he is supporter of SP of UP but he is BJP's biggest leader up to now.
If you listen to AIR news at 8:00 am and 8:45 pm Modi appears owner of 'House of Grain' of famous Naipaul's novel, 'India a wounded civilization'. Or who knows he may be 'god of Patel things' like character on the lines of Arundhati Roy's, famous novel 'god of small things.
You know what's the biggest contribution of Modi to Indian state? Good or bad it is that he  provides continuity and homogeneity in governance other than making Indians more dependent on their and American states. Many of his successors are going to fall into his footsteps.
For that government money needs to be  used and not much private capital. I know it may become even more difficult as Maduro may find some breathing space but continuing sanctions are mostly ineffective as well. So, a middle ground needs to be taken.
It is very difficult to oust Maduro by plotting a military coup against him or his assassination. The only possible way is to have a stake in Venezuelan economy and allow him to ruin it further but with no hunger and migration for ordinary Venezuelan on street.
You know Trump started thinking about his reelection to the White House on 8-9 November, 2016 and most of his policies are based on keeping two dates in mind: November 2018 and November 2020 and if he is... https://t.co/0BFdD7VUfK
Topic: My honest and objective views about Rama birthplace temple and Babri mosque dispute between Hindus and Moslems of India	Country: India	words: 1,029 	The basis of entire dispute between Hindus and... https://t.co/Cdl3Kw6Dfa
Rama birthplace temple and Babri mosque dispute has its origin in the total structure having Hindu temple foundation and Islamic structure above the ground. Before the custody court battle between Hindus and... https://t.co/23dAovA0K0
Rama birthplace temple and Babri mosque dispute has its origin in the total structure having Hindu temple foundation and Islamic structure above the ground. Before the custody court battle between Hindus and... https://t.co/pB12nATkuj
Topic: It is the Center-Right which has won the elections in Sweden but Center-Left too has the claim over governance    	Country: Sweden	words: 271 	In Sunday’s vote in Sweden elections Center-Left alliance... https://t.co/hsDoBeUobm
I'm sorry for being partly wrong as Iran attacked Iranian Kurds based in Iraq and not Iraqi Kurds as I've written. So, Iran attacked US' proxy's proxy and not US' proxy. But still I am not deleting the two tweets.
No field theory of earth, including  quantum electrodynamics, is correct, as there are deep flaws in Einstein's special and general theory of relativity. Einstein's initial assumptions that c is the upper limit of propagation &amp; that matter curls &amp; curves space-time are incorrect.
Anyone above 40 and having some general knowledge on physics will remember that during the late eighties of last century earth's physicists were claiming end of physics because they had discovered a foolish theory which they called theory of everything or super-string theory.
attack by Israel and it was ascribed to electric short-circuit by Russia to avoid confronting with US over its then planned attack on Idlib which it along with Syrian govt. is carrying out. I tell you Shiite Iran will get its anus fucked by Trump.
Iran attacked Iraqi Kurdish region recently partly because of fear of upcoming Iraqi nationalistic govt. in Baghdad and partly because it was a befitting reply to US' proxy in Iraq as US' ally Israel regularly attacks Syria and the recent attack near Damascus arms depot was an...
Do you understand the recent spat of words between BJP and INC, particularly that between Modi and Rahul? The fact is that Rahul fears for his life and he is segmenting with Modi to save his life in return for giving up 2019 general elections. I tell you, Rahul is bisexual.
And partly because his widow Sonia wants to make up her image as a forgiving White Catholic. Funny, as much as I know Sonia and her entire family does not believe in Ten Commandments. I am dead sure that entire Nehru-Gandhi family is a hypocrite; past and present.
Tamil Nadu govt. is requesting its Governor to release killers of Rajiv Gandhi murder convicts partly because entire India believes that LTTE was a pawn in the hands of bigger players and that may include CIA under George H W Bush's Presidency in 1991.
how to play golf and billiards, you have to be an avid drinker, need to have understanding of beauty and good sense of high-end food, preferably non-veg and sense of dressing. You need to have good vocabulary but it can be in your language. Xi and Modi are gone and so are others.
The fact is that he only likes people who are Whites, blondes, rich and powerful and that he hates a good part of the globe, particularly the Rest. In order to be his friend in politics you don't have to be rich and White is true as such is rare but then you need to know...
I remember he calling Indian PM Modi as very beautiful while as such Modi is just an average looking Indian. It means he called him ugly. His this latest statement annihilates all praise that he showers on the outside world, particularly about world leaders.
Trump by calling US a 'developing country' has abused the entire globe and its leaders. Why? If US is developing then UK and the rest of the West are under-developing and BRICS and Middle Eastern countries are undeveloped and the rest are wretched.
Topic: United States is not that big society as it appears	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 1,035 	The fact is that the West is the most dominant civilization on earth and its military and economic... https://t.co/tECxLbF6qj
Egyptian trial court has given death sentences to 75 Islamists accused of killing over 40 policemen during a sit-in protest against ouster of Morsi. In the demonstrations and consequent police crackdown... https://t.co/37mJP8FI2m
Swedes will go to polls tomorrow. This election is going to be significant in determining the popularity of Far Right party, Sweden Democrats. In my opinion they will not be underperformer and may perform... https://t.co/e9bpmh15gM
Topic: Diversity is not a thing to celebrate but sure, earth’s evolution cannot be wished away	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 394	Have you ever wondered how a tiny insect specie, mosquito, is... https://t.co/gTa22lDKqH
Has May gone nuts over Brexit? Is she following foolish nihilistic foreign policy to create space for Great Britain's business community in ever fighting world? I think British political elite is more unsure about Brexit then it was before or just after the Brexit referendum.
Britain and Russia exchanged heated words over usage of nerve chemical agent in UNSC but at the same time if one watches Britain's official broadcaster BBC it covers Russia a lot. What's the matter? Did Britain use double agents to let that chemical attack take place in England?
Putin as he has outstanding dispute with Trump. So, in the end military actions against rebel;s will take place but with relatively slower pace. However, dissent among Sunni will increase &amp; that will be the basis for re-eruption of Sunni militancy as Assad will continue as leader
Obviously now rebels have no place left to leave and if they surrender to Assad forces it will be end of their Sunni movement which is still a bit moderate but if they don't surrender they will be killed despite of Turkey's efforts to protect them. Erdogan just can't leave...
It would be great dilemma for Putin to choose a fine line between his expansionist policy of challenging US through Turkey and Assad who is critical for Russia neo-colonist policies in the Middle East. I think Putin will choose in-between and will first offer surrender to rebels.
Topic: Indo-US 2+2 talks have succeeded but not to those expected levels as Indian media is reporting	Countries: SAARC, BRICS and Western ones	words:645 	United States strategists have concluded that United... https://t.co/8uoGbwHKuf
from India to Great Britain! Funny but this statement is the basis of present actions against White SA workers. You know May has no morality and ethics left and she is basing her foreign policy solely on selfishness. But White workers legal rights' will be restored after uproar.
South Africa has shown Black apartheid against White South African factory workers in very British style. May was in SA a few days before. I remember a senior British lawmaker telling Indian newspapers that his country was benefiting from reverse colonialism--investment flow...
of federal court &amp; then NYT will be compelled to tell anonymous writer's name. In the name of protecting media's freedom no newspaper or media group can malign a President's name so overtly and so publicly. But Trump should act legally &amp;with restraints. He shouldn't abuse NYT.
Today's anonymous opinion in NYT about Trump is no fake news in my opinion. But Trump's fury is natural and obvious and he has full right to know the writer's name. If NYT Editorial board and/or its shareholders and management do not cooperate then Trump can seek arbitration...
I am dead sure that Indian Supreme Court will decriminalize gay sex in today's verdict. The remaining question is whether it will restrict its promotion and publicity in public sphere or not or whether it will make gay sex a matter of open public discussion without any censure.
I am dead sure that Indian Supreme Court will decriminalize gay sex. The remaining question is how. Whether it will regulate its publicity and promotion in public sphere or not or will it make gay sex a question of open debate?
After more than four months since elections 11 Iraqi parties have cobbled up 177 lawmakers, 3 short of absolute majority in Iraqi Parliament. The parties include Shiite, Sunni and various minorities’ parties... https://t.co/FutAAqpBtA
Topic: Why it is so difficult to stop fighting in Yemen?	Countries: Middle Eastern, Western ones and Russia	words: 714	Saudi-Emirati coalition investigating team investigating ill-fated attacks on a school... https://t.co/foVvSF2PvS
overestimates its return from investment into Africa. China is cleverly using state's gains because of it being secondary export base of US-led Western companies but it also needs to understand that in order to be able to milk Africa it needs to have Western hands continue in Ch
Debt burden caused by China's over-investment into Africa shows that countries have their intrinsic capacities to grow and it is more of their productivity which leads to real economic gain rather than artificial investment steps. Possibly China doesn't understand this &amp; it ...
Rohingya issue. I think the threat of world community acting against Myanmar authorities will dominate but sovereignty will also be a issue. So, the two journalists will face minimum sentencing if verdict is delivered today as they claim that police forced the documents on them.
I think the judge delivering verdict on two journalists in Myanmar accused of stealing &amp; possessing state secrets will have to do a delicate task of finding a thin line between Myanmar exerting its sovereign authority &amp; international pressure that the country is facing over...
It appears that instigating violence and fighting has become profession of many Libyans and fighters from other countries and this is why Tripoli is facing such a rise in aimless and incoherent violence. Frankly speaking, this behavior by armed fighters showcases cult behavior.
British Prime Minister May has said that she wouldn’t seek people’s opinion to seal the final deal with European Union over Brexit as it would be gross betrayal of democracy in United Kingdom.	The fact is... https://t.co/tkmWTrE71l
Topic: Merkel may have to tolerate Trump for the sake of Germany	Countries: Western and other Europeans	words: 669 	Far Right protestors have been protesting against immigrants after a German citizen was... https://t.co/WdBlDh4OXu
Topic: The fate of Pakistan and that of the region after United States cuts military aid to it	Countries: SAARC, BRICS and Western ones	words: 1,054 	Pentagon in a statement yesterday said that it was... https://t.co/jlwOwbJDYr
Trump has warned of US withdrawal from WTO unless it shakes up. I think Trump is making his administration's policies keeping in mind his core supporters only &amp;not the entire American people. I am sure that he is wrong &amp; he shouldn't challenge int'l treaties so brazenly &amp; openly
The fact is that instead of this aid cut taming Palestinians it would make them more violent &amp; in addition US will loose out some influence in the region. Sure, it is so difficult for the rest of the West to replace &amp; supplement this aid cut but this is no way to govern the globe
US has withdrawn all aid to Palestinians through UNRWA calling it 'irredeemably flawed'. Trump believes that through sanctions or by putting up economic pressure he can change a nation or its people's behavior but in today's world it would turn out to be counterproductive.
Some Iranian MPs are trying to end child labor on the streets of Tehran &amp; other major Iranian cities. It's a challenging &amp; daunting task not only socially but also because of worsening economic situation in the country. They may not have courage nor means to rehabilitate them.
As per earlier reports ceasefire is being followed in Tripoli following weeks of violence. There is good reasons for that as neither the authorities nor the fighting militias have any coherent or central aims except that of fighting for petty local gains.
Assad might hve given words in the past that he wouldn't order attack on Idlib but now he can easily back off not only b'coz he is a hypocrite but also b'coz his main wife is Christian, possibly White &amp; she wears Western clothes &amp; they can speak good English. Funny &amp; interesting!
Topic: Argentine government is not as big fool as many global economists may think it to be	Countries: Latin American and Western ones	words: 760 	Argentine Central Bank has raised the key interest rate to... https://t.co/x5pLcnMhwz
All events of the past two months or so hint that green concerns are not extraneous demands and climatic changes can shorten the age of human race on earth. Sure, greenmail is also bad but then in view of catastrophic changes taking place on earth this is just a lame excuse.
More and more of Republicans are becoming anti-globalist &amp; more and more of Democrats are becoming staunch globalist. They both are opting for polar politics &amp; both of them are wrong. It requires a healthy balance in US politics and this should start from Congress &amp;state Senate.
US would seek concessions from Canada on farm products &amp; Canada will not agree to pay American autoworkers 16$/hour wage. However, if new NAFTA deal is signed between them then all sanctions will automatically go off. This should be the natural end though the talks may fail.
1/0 is not a defined arithmetic operation. It would take different approach to solve the problem&amp;the answer will be a finite function. Infinite means endless &amp;all numbers are finite. There is nothing called infinite on number scale &amp;thus using it to prove exist. of god is useless
Topic: Russia’s foolish middle class	Country: Russia	words: 870 	Russian working middle class is protesting against Putin’s initial pension and retirement reforms which would have raised retirement age of... https://t.co/p0hng7trDu
There is a definite preference for liberalism and liberal values when it comes to consumption, news and entertainment and companies respond to this asymmetry. However, as I have pointed out there is an additional real bias in favor of liberals among tech companies worldwide.
Trump's argument that Google &amp; other tech giants are discriminating against conservatives may not be correct as politically there may be almost equal # of conservatives &amp; liberals but this may not be true when it comes to entertainment and commercial usage of net.
While Google may have curative mechanism to undo any preference on its search engine the fact is that it is liberal in its outlook and may not like conservative views. The fact is that tech giants like Facebook, Google, Twitter and Youtube act like social guardian on net.
Topic: Myanmar will be in deep trouble if it does not get veto support by at least a wielding member	Countries: Almost the entire globe	words: 831 	United Nations Human Right Commission has documented at... https://t.co/FSzxQ2hPyv
Topic: Iran’s case against United States is very weak though it is also a fact that United Nations has jurisdiction over the issue. For all practical reasons United States’ sanctions on Iran cannot be lifted... https://t.co/YoOFJDa3wo
So, specie or species leading to human race are same but still not their types. I don't think that all human races are born of same Negroid Adam and Eve; neither all Whites. I also think that humans don't only carry human genes nor all Blacks have only Negroid genes.
Are the reasons for intelligence difference among different races due to only climate and migration? I don't think so. It's true that all humans have almost same functional internal and external organs though size, color etc differ among races and even peoples of same race.
Iran is seeking ICJ's intervention to get some relief from US sanctions and is likely to get on humble few and this apparent failure is due to a fact that it signed nuclear deal with world powers individually and not under the auspiciousness of UN. There is flaw in Iran argument
US has reached an agreement with Mexico on NAFTA and is likely to achieve success with Canada as well. I am sure Trump is in search for his 'new' friends and may improve relations with US' allies but globally trade wars will not end or else Trump will have to eat his own words.
Rohingyas are protesting about their poor status and health in Bangladeshi refugee camps after being forced to flee from violence perpetrated Buddhist hardliners and Myanmar Army regulars. True, that crime... https://t.co/A6kMxpcZQQ
Topic: A simple observation during Kim-Trump meeting in Singapore in June	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 444 	Trump has postponed Pompeo’s visit to North Korea citing Kim regime’s non-cooperative... https://t.co/ZUxxTVYRlC
Mind you, with stopping of infiltration from Pakistan militancy in Indian J&amp;K will not end but it will be replaced by local Kashmiri youths. Emotions will run very high, human right issues will become very real and the issue will capture more attention of international media.
This is not due to a fact that Indian Army is inherently corrupt but if it fully stops infiltration from Pakistan across the LoC successfully then it will have to fight with local Kashmiri youths &amp;rule of engagements are different for Pakistani militants &amp;local Kashmiri militants
I think that Indian Army would not like to completely stop infiltration along LoC in J&amp;K through fencing wherever possible and through patrolling and using electronics wherever fencing is not possible due to geophysical and reasons related to terrain.
A judge in Ecuador has given verdict against Ecuadorian executive’s decision to require possessing passport before letting Venezuelan refugees enter Ecuador for next 45 days.	I tell you here too Trump and... https://t.co/47sJBshQaP
Topic: Zimbabwean Constitutional court’s decision is flawed one	Countries: Zimbabwe and United States	words: 329 	Zimbabwean Constitutional court unanimously upheld election of incumbent for the post of... https://t.co/Y7kW1JOACr
Topic: Pakistani security establishment and possibly Khan show naivety about the subcontinent matters	Countries: SAARC, BRICS and many Western nations	words: 452	Pakistanis and Americans are in dispute over... https://t.co/2jeU4ZJnyv
Australia is unique country where its Prime Ministers are frequently replaced but party's governments are stable. Scott Morrison today replaced Malcolm Turnbull as Australia's next Prime Minister. I wonder what changes he can bring in Australia different from the past government.
Syrian government is likely to go-ahead with its planned military offensive against rebels in Idlib province despite objections by US and Turkey as it is very keen to retake all territories from them. Russia and Iran are likely to support and back the Syrian regime.
I think Zimbabwean Constitutional court may reject the verdict of Presidential elections by Election Commission but is unlikely to ask opposition candidate to sworn-in as President. So, most likely Presidential elections will be cancelled and fresh elections will be called-in.
Trump has said that his impeachment would crash the markets and everyone would be poor because of that. It appears more like an election slogan and an advice to American voters to vote for Republicans in... https://t.co/BmXASCjWaa
Scott Morrison has replaced Malcolm Turnbull as Australia’s new Prime Minister. In Australia Prime Ministers have been changing very frequently and the basic reason is that Australian society has become very... https://t.co/es5NJTK2fC
Topic: United States Congressional elections 	Country: United States	words: 708 	American Congressional elections are due in November this year. Most of the poll experts are predicting that House will belong... https://t.co/KRABfgNM7B
Mattis will be more blunt though equally very diplomatic. He'll speak in a manner which Indians can interpret in multiple ways and such is going to create ambiguity among North Block officials though he can entertain some of Indian import requests. He won't be polite.
If Trump permits which I believe is highly unlikely then Pompeo can bluntly tell Swaraj that his dept. policies are what she reads in Indian newspapers. He may become softer on F1 visa though on H1B visa he'll be non-committal but he will listen Indian concerns about safety.
2+2 talks between India and US will take place on 6th September. Trump can't afford loosing a friend and thus his officials can't be so frank in their conversation with their Indian counterparts or else they'll be tough on immigration, trade and security issues.
I think Australian PM Turnbell will win the upcoming leadership battle as his opponent may face legal hurdles and may not be qualified for the leadership role. And even if he is not, lawmakers and party officials will be suspicious about public's reaction.
Topic: Trump has mixed Western-Asian personality	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 594 	In past less than 24 hours Trump’s two former aids have been found guilty on 8 counts, including on bank fraud and... https://t.co/XDMJzbV77Z
Topic: Trump has mixed Western-Asian personality	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 540 	In past less than 24 hours Trump’s two former aids have been found guilty on 8 counts, including on bank fraud and... https://t.co/NJT5FcZsCj
Topic: There is not much Hispanic fraternity or solidarity in Latin America 	Countries: Latin American and Western ones	words: 1,088 	As per IMF hyperinflation in Venezuela may reach 1 million percent by the... https://t.co/XJbVwEG1II
It is a fact that Sikhism is many ways a critique of Hinduism and Sikhs have many similarities with Moslems, including their dressing and behavior but despite of that RSS calls Sikhs as just other Hindus which is far off from the reality. RSS is in poor light.
The fact is ideologically Sikhism is closer to Islam than Hinduism &amp;turban wearing Sikhs appear more like Afghans. Sikhism was so late religion that Nanak &amp;Gobind had little option but to befriendly towards Hindu customs as well. Sikhism is different from Hinduism in many ways.
And that is why she is in BJP having no other viable option but I know that she does not appreciate BJP's policies neither its vision. The glue between Hindus and Sikhs is getting dried &amp; if Khalistan movement gains ground then it will be all over but then such is unlikely.
A Sikh male can still be a Hindu nationalist leaser but no Sikh female can be BJP leader and that includes Maneka Gandhi too. It is Sonia's vile  tricks together with Indira's active support that led to Maneka's family destruction and her and Varun ouster from Nehru-Gandhi family
It was temporal, circumstantial &amp; historical reasons that Hinduism &amp; Sikhism have evolved as friendly religions and Hindus &amp; Sikhs as friends. Islamic rule during medieval period, their atrocities towards Hindus, opposition to Sikhism &amp; violence during partition were the reasons
Will Turkey President Erdogan back down and blink eyes first on his confrontation with Trump? Both are egoistic and neither of them may opt to back down. But then Turks will suffer and so will be some of US businesses and trading companies. To me it's an interesting contest.
It's a clever way to create wedge between Taliban &amp;other militant organizations, particularly ISIL. Pakistani PM Khan too might have shown some concerns for Afghan govt because of general elections. If Taliban doesn't want the elections then it would agree for it for a brief time
Afghan President Ghani has announced a 3 month long conditional ceasefire with Taliban starting with the Eid holidays Taliban is yet to respond. Obviously Ghani wants elections due October this year to pass off peacefully. But does Taliban really want it? I am not that sure.
So, what's the best way? To attack Iranian troops and other military assets in Syria &amp; US can use Israeli Air base to do so itself too. They can also look up for containing Iranians in waters. Israel will happily cooperate &amp; in return US will fully support it on Hamas and Gaza.
US NSA Bolton is going to meet Israeli PM Netanyahu and on their main agenda is Iran. Sure, they're not going to open up a warfront with Iran but they would seek its ouster from Syria which neither Iran and Syria would agree nor Russia would support.
Topic: Egyptian state, its new cyber-crime laws, and its public	Countries: Islamic and Western ones	words: 661 	Egypt under al-Sissi has promulgated very tough internet laws related to cyber-crimes which can... https://t.co/Gs36ml9H3L
Turkey President Erdogan has vowed to fight great economic design against his country. I don't think that expressions of bravery and nationalistic sentiments can do away with harsh ground realities of economics. I think Turkish economy may suffer further if US risks its business
So, it was a normal transaction for US arms company, Lockerheed Martin and it was Saudi and Emirati Air force which are responsible for war crimes. US provides aerial support and midair refueling to coalition forces because this way it can control the war and may be its result.
Arms-sale is a legitimate form of trade &amp; sellers cannot always put conditions on buyers about usage of their exported weaponry. It was, I suppose, not a precision-guided weapon &amp; in case of ordinary ordinance conditions about using them can't be put. Nations buy arms to use them
US media is reporting that a US bomb was used in attack by Saudi-Emirati  coalition in Yemen against a children carrying bus killing 51 people, including 40 children. Many in the US are protesting against the arm sale and calling for Trump to take action against the coalition.
Topic: Assessing United Nations’ recommendations to protect the interests of Palestinians against Israeli asymmetric powers	Countries: Possibly the globe 	words: 701 	United Nations has recommended four... https://t.co/ikHbONIyGf
Any attempt to contain Israel through UN would harden its and US' stand against the two-state and under Trump may see positioning of US troops. Only practical way to achieve two-state is through consensus &amp; change in the stand of Capitol Hill &amp; change in the admin of White House.
Turkey does most of its financial transactions through NYC &amp; if Trump sanctions those transactions he'll not only hurt Turkish &amp;US economies he will hurt the global dominance of USD &amp;will create alternate through US conscious choice. Then he'll appear acting bec'z of bruised ego.
Khan will find it very hard to revamp relations with India as Modi will be unresponsive due to his first electoral and later political &amp; ideological compulsions. On Afghanistan first Pakistan Army would have to cede authority which is unlikely and he may not have acumen to do so.
Khan will be weaker PM than Nawaz Sharif &amp; his plans to stop US drone strikes inside Pakistan may not succeed diplomatically as Trump may look for revamp in the way Pakistani Army &amp; ISI operate which is next to impossible &amp; militarily it is very challenging &amp; counterproductive.
Topic: Imran Khan’s life will be very difficult 	Countries: Pakistan and those which keep interest in it	words: 968 	As much as I understand among the current leaders only Sharif has the skill to deal aptly... https://t.co/TYOfv93pKs
I don't think Trump can effectively use his business experience to govern US but after retiring from White House if he continues to be in business he would be shrewder and far deadlier businessman than what he was when he entered it. I tell you he is going to fuck Iran.
Russia has done so because of Putin's new expansive foreign-cum-military policy. Russia would require to take a more conciliatory stands towards the nations of Rest in order to contain &amp; counter the West. Its confrontation is mostly with US to prove primacy in the region &amp; globe
Russia and 4 other nations have recently agreed to resolve the dispute involving sharing of resources of resourceful Caspian water-body. Soviets used to claim the entire water-body but its successor state Russia has compromised and has agreed to share the resources with 4 nations
As per my guess Iran will survive and so will regime but cost to Iran could be relatively astronomical as Trump would either increase Iran's inputs to the region to maintain the same levels of influence or make it unproductive or even forbidden. Both will ruin Iranian economy.
However, Trump will be happy and boast too if this team could oust Rouhani. I don't think Trump is much interested in direct confrontation with Iran but he wants to give it befitting reply and is partly influenced by his ego.  Europe is unlikely to support his team's efforts.
Trump administration has formed 'Iran Action Group' to induce internal changes in Iran and take away its capacity to arm and support Shiite militancy in the region. I tell you this team would have capacity to screw up top Iranian leadership. However, Iran will not capitulate.
Topic: Trump’s egoism and the media	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 577 	“Good morning! As all of you know I am the President of United States. I am the elected leader of the most powerful and dynamic... https://t.co/VunCzPciuh
Russia has critical military might to intervene in the global conflicts but it lacks the requisite economic muscle to effectively carry out its military missions where it intervenes. So, it has upper limits on containing&amp; challenging the power of the West &amp;this is balancing facto
Incident of bridge collapse in Geneoa, Italy, shows that the West over the middle-to-long term has to look more carefully into its investment portfolio and specifically it needs to look at within when it comes to investing in infrastructure and public health, safety and care.
Qatar is going to invest 15 b USD into Turkey over a period of time. Qatar is an ally of US and in view of ongoing Gulf crisis it needs vital support. It implies that things are not that hot between Turkey and US &amp; also that Erdogan may withdraw increase in tariffs on US goods.
Malaysian court is likely to start proceedings against the suspected killers of Kim Jong-un's brother as there is unlikely to have diplomatic consequences for starting the trial. United States &amp; possibly China would support Malaysia should North Korea raise objections &amp; doubts.
Today’s attack on educational institute in Kabul appears the combined operation by ISIL and Taliban. It was done in Shiite dominated areas and many may be knowing that in Nigeria ISIL has a working... https://t.co/NfFCt8Hhkl
Topic: By imposing higher tariffs on American imports Erdogan is playing faulty politics	Countries: Many though unspecified	words: 597 	Turkey’s President Erdogan has put in place higher tariffs on American... https://t.co/DsTBmrSL4F
Topic: By imposing higher tariffs on American imports Erdogan is playing faulty politics	Countries: Many though unspecified	words: 564 	Turkey’s President Erdogan has put in place higher tariffs on American... https://t.co/Metk3sXPAc
A Turkey court has rejected release of American pastor whom Turkey accuse of being involved in failed coup. It also puts terrorism charges on him. But then there is appeal though the upper courts are also expected to reject release as there are tough anti-terror laws put in place
Chinese authorities may be busy teaching them state laws&amp; what it means to be good citizens as they claim that there is lot of criminality among Uighurs and they would like to correct it. Anyone knowing law would call such thing force &amp; as per intl. law it is violation of rights.
China rejects UN claims that around 1 m Uighurs are captive made by Chinese authorities. Now there can be dispute over the usage of the word 'captive' and about the actual numbers of them but the fact is that a huge numbers of Uighurs should be under Chinese control.
Topic: A social analysis of India and Indians	Countries: India and those keeping huge interests in it	words: 754 	If one looks at India’s super-duper majority, Hindus, one can infer that it has some strange... https://t.co/64mUsV1yaF
Topic: Pakistan-United States relations in view of Khan-Trump equation	Countries: Many though many among them unspecified	words: 910 	I guess very few officials in the White House knew name of Imran Khan... https://t.co/Q4tyvTwjxC
However, unless Hindus in Punjab support no rebellion can start &amp;they won't support radical cause of KhalsaLa must for movement to start. In order to achieve their dream Sikhs would have to fight out a bloody battle with Indian state which appears rather implausible at this stage
The reason for above is there is no secessionist movement underway in Indian Punjab and India and its majority Hindus have not acted against Sikhs. However, a majority of Sikhs in Punjab and those based outside India do support Khalistan movement and do want a homeland for them.
In London an impressive pro-Khalistan rally by Sikhs took place and such will be repeated in US, Canada, Australia&amp;New Zealand. However, their Congress won't support the movements except for individuals &amp;Capitol Hill and Westminster won't pass any supporting resolution in favor.
In Mali incumbent President Ibrahim would win rather comfortably. Opposition, particularly its leader is making lame excuses though there can be some unfair means by incumbent party &amp; its activists to rig elections in their favor though such incidents would be minor in nature.
The fact is that Whites are close to supermajority in US and their contribution to US is practically monopolistic and is far above their population fraction. So, what if they claim so in public? You see a fact is a fact and US can't be a tabooed society. Complexity should be in.
There is nothing wrong in White nationalists holding rally in Washington, DC and holding a counter rally is overreaction and unnecessary. The fact is that everybody has full right to express his or her mind and so do have Whites. Obviously, US can't become a childish state.
Topic: Will international political economy order collapse soon?	Countries: The globe	words: 567 	People in Romania are protesting against chronic ailment in economy, corruption, and abuse of power by the... https://t.co/nknVysyLAM
Modi said yesterday that BJP would return to power in 2019 with bigger numbers. The fact is that BJP is very likely to return to power in New Delhi but if Modi's opponents are able to fight elections &amp; draw out election strategy then I think BJP's numbers would decrease in 2019.
Mind you, I am not supporting Israel negativity but Hamas' action hurts the cause of Palestine state as the latter's supporters looses moral high with every action by Hamas. And bigger loss of Palestinians and every ceasefire agreement emboldens Israel &amp; it gets moral boost.
Then why does it fight it out with Israeli military? It is because of anguish, pain and anger against Jews is true but Islam has a lot to do with it. The notion of book-follower creates an artificial and false notion about equality with White Christians and Jews.
The fact is that Israel is violating rights of Palestinians. But the strange thing is Hamas fights it out with Israel, looses &amp; then agrees to a ceasefire &amp;then violate it again. Hamas can't win even a small military exchange with Israel and religion has nothing to do with it.
This way he used to equalize himself with Whites &amp; such fantasy and dreams acted as an anyodyne against the bitter reality. He must be very ambitious throughout his life. Only contradiction is that he preaches asceticism and he even tried to ban healthy porn from college campus.
Even if one takes into account his regional Gujrati identity one cannot explain his unexpected bloated ego and sophistication. So, when alone and out of work he must be fantasizing sex with White females, some famous, some infamous and some completely unknown, during his youth.
Indian PM Modi was born and raised in a poor family. He was an ordinary tea vendor and used to clean floor. But now he can meet eye-to-eye with Trump in the Oval Office. If one understands Indian social system then a person with lower caste and class has serf-like attitude.
What have made India a nation that it geographically and demographically is? They are: Hindu super-duper majority locally and nationally except in few states, Hindus possessing most of India's wealth, Brahmin's orthodoxy &amp; caste system, British rule and Gandhi.
Hindus are not inherently communists. A good numbers among their active population like erotica, is fashionable, likes to speak English, earn maximum and excel in life. Even Hindu nationalist government of Modi does not much believe in asceticism and is patently materialistic.
Topic: What if Trump actualizes his threat over trading with Iran?	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 409 	Recently Trump issued a warning to nations that any nation trading with Iran would not be able to... https://t.co/wT5OWSG3po
Topic: Indian Supreme Court cannot question the legal sanctity of temples and thus Sabrimala has full right to continue with its rare age-old practice of banning females in puberty as Hinduism has no central... https://t.co/Su1Bwbc0Mk
Argentina’s Senate has rejected bill to legalize abortions in the country by 38-31 vote. The vote is overwhelming and it shows that Argentinean lawmakers have guts to shield themselves from global trends... https://t.co/ZMBgEGvUUT
Indian Supreme Court should understand that lawmakers are no less privileged people than common men and they should be disqualified from lawmaking bodies after they are convicted and sentenced for their charges. Sure, speaker and Chairman's consent should be a must even then.
I think Argentina's Senate is more likely to pass a bill which will allow restricted and conditional termination of pregnancy in the country. Vote will be narrow but such can have cascading effect on those Latin American countries where abortion is not legal and females want so.
You know what Iran does regionally and possibly globally is perfectly Islamic: oppose American hegemony, pursue nuclear technology to possess bombs, promote radical Islam and violent and radical groups and... https://t.co/5N73ZmH3z9
Topic: Hindu strategists don’t properly understand caste system; not even Manu would	Countries: India and those having interest in India	words: 663 	Those who strongly believe in righteousness,... https://t.co/9ZR2tAvUQ5
It appears plausible than otherwise that former Malaysian PM Razak is proven guilty with all prima facie evidence going against him. It is not a political vendetta by incumbent Mahatir as alleged by his supporters. I think Razak will be convicted &amp; sentenced but later pardoned.
But there can be reasons to try do so, like, deterring Iran from opting for nuclear option, deterring Europeans from following alternative strategy, changing the mullah controlled regime and taking away coercion from Iranian regime. Only thing is Pentagon would not opt to do so.
Can US nuke Tehran? Iran is not at war with US, neither it is a nuclear power, nor it poses any significant threat to US and its allies' interests in the region nor it has directly acted against US in recent times. So, if Pentagon follows military ethics it can't nuke Tehran.
US can either nuke Tehran or declare a war on Iran to deter Brussels from becoming closer to Iran or minimally deter private hands in Europe to interact economically and financially with it and Trump's strategy can be successful. Only thing is Pentagon would not agree to do this.
India-watchers might have observed that in the current Monsoon session of Indian Parliament the Lower House is functions rather uninterrupted but there have been many disruptions in the Upper House. This is... https://t.co/mOxBwJ5ncQ
Topic: Will Trump’s gamble on Iran pay off to United States?	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 670 	Trump by putting sanctions again on Iran wants it to accept American offer to renegotiate nuclear deal... https://t.co/yezoURNdHk
Colombia's incoming President Duque's new script over some of the pardoning provisions of FARC deal could harm peace, spurt gun violence and also increase illicit farming in the country. Only thing is that not doing so will prove him to be a liar, so he'll be in a fix.
EU has economic selfishness when it trades with Iran but for the time being its positive interaction protects non-proliferation aims too. If Europe abandons Iran sure it will face huger economic deprivation but it can also push it towards nuclear nationalism &amp; can be threatening.
Trump wants to redefine and realign world order by access to US markets and his threatening posture includes rest of Western nations as well. I tell you he cannot make impact even if he is able to vacillate Europe over Iran as it will be termed arbitrary &amp; unnecessary act by him.
German court rightly gave long jail terms to couples who sold their son on dark net to pedophiles as legally saying children are not their parents' property but the latter have responsibility towards former up to a time which was not crossed in this case. After that it is mutual.
Saudi Arabia is cool when it expelled Canadian Ambassador over his call to release human right activists because it knows the rest of the West is unlikely to act. Ii is immature for the West to apply global human right standards on Saudi Arabia. However, MBS acted in haste.
Senior Republican Senator Graham's warning to Europe to choose between Iran and US is uncalled for as Europe is saving the accord which it believes pushes for non-proliferation agenda. In case of US acting against Europe global trade will suffer and so will US other than Europe.
Rouhani's expectations that China can help Iran a lot are emotive in nature and unrealistic. The fact is that China would find it hard it to reallocate its import portfolio and also it would be difficult for it to provide hard currency in this difficult time of trade-war with US.
Trump's re-imposition of sanctions against Iran will not affect non-proliferation situation in the region in short-to-middle term as Iran wants friendly relations with Europe. It's not a psychological warfare as Rohuani says but economic warfare aimed at destroying Iranian eco
I can bet Kim never promised full rollback of North Korean nuclear and missile capabilities as Trump administration claims because of media and widespread anger and opposition to North Korean programs. Trump should say: Happy Friendship Day Kim! Keep going!
UN agencies are reporting that North Korea is continuing its nuclear &amp; missile capabilities. This should be true but then it is Trump's mistake! But why? It is so because Trump wants to pay dime for North Korea's partial but significant rollback which could bring peace to region.
Topic: Why did Trump ask Attorney General Sessions to stop Russia probe immediately?	Country: United States	words: 388 	Trump has asked United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions to stop Russia probe... https://t.co/J4VMyGW232
Indian Union Cabinet has cleared bill to restore Dalit (outcaste) law overturning Indian apex court order. To those who know Indian politics must be knowing that it is more opposition pressure than... https://t.co/X4fwGWmQKw
Topic: Profiling Narendra Modi	Countries: India and few others, particularly South Asians and Western ones	words: 474 	For his die-hard supporters Modi is what so many in Indian politics would only dream to... https://t.co/N0XwGxL3xk
The looming oil-export ban threat by US to Iran &amp; uncertainty in global trade could push RBI to keep the repo rate unchanged as more liquidity is required in markets. But fear of rising inflation &amp; expected rise in Fed prime rate could force RBI to increase repo rate by 25 b pts.
The fact is that the order of count about illegal migrants in Assam is correct; there has to be at least a million people from Bangladesh living illegally in Assam but Indian politics is so foul and judiciary so lax that many illegals may be spared and the whole process is mauled
In Zimbabwe both parties are trying to influence counting through statements and this shows them in poor light. I think the just concluded elections were largely free and fair as per Zimbabwean standards and all sides must accept the verdict whoever wins the elections.
Majority in every society has some specific &amp; generic norms &amp; minorities may have to conform to it. But then the ban is not result of any social institution or spearheaded by public movement but by legislative and has the backing of courts. I think Moslems should adapt ti rules.
Ban on full face veil has come into effect in Denmark today with the violators being slapped a fine of at least 150 USD. I don't think Moslem females can so easily defy the ban and even after paying the fine they may have to remove full face veil.
Topic: Underlying psychology behind Trump’s decision to meet the enemies of United States	Countries: The globe	words: 726 	Trump does not like to hear no from his juniors and obviously there is no senior to... https://t.co/OWwXJdDIdw
Higher turnout in Zimbabwe elections shows that Presidential elections' fate is likely to be decided in the first round itself and it is advantage Zanu-PF against the combined opposition in both Presidential and parliamentary elections.
Talks to end Syrian crisis are taking place in Russian resort city Sochi. I expect a headway in talks because Syrian rebels are almost like orphans and there is more homogeneity of views-in favor of Assad-among differing parties then it was ever before. It's US walkover. Almost.
I think recent terrorist attack in Philippines shows growing nexus between drug cartels and Islamic terrorists. Both are equally offended by Duterrte's campaign against them and thus both different teams are teaming up together. However, I may go wrong on this.
Trump will meet Rouhani one day though I cannot guess when. But why they'll meet? Because Trump has found a strategy: to demean &amp; devalue traditional allies by improving relationship with traditional enemies &amp; break the existing world order &amp;also because he wants to meet Rouhani.
Topic: Yes, there are many, many illegal Bangladeshi migrants living in Assam but deporting them would face legal hurdles	Countries:, India, Bangladeshi and Western ones	words: 481 	Assam government with the... https://t.co/C4mb5Lwp6t
A Palestinian girl, Ahed Tamimi, who was arrested after video of she hitting and slapping an Israeli soldier went viral was released from prison yesterday.	Palestinians who were looking for a victory over... https://t.co/5v30UoAyUk
After the sham general elections many are labeling Cambodia to be one-party authoritarian state. This is due to the fact that Cambodia is a lesser state and since it does less it can afford to be isolationist without facing much consequences; those that other states may face.
Mali is holding elections today amid ongoing Islamist militancy but still elections will not be sham though they'll be disrupted &amp; voter turnout is expected to be low. I have no idea about the politics in Mali but there will be no surprise and projected winner is likely to win.
Whatever BJP is doing in North-Eastern state of Assam is going to go down very well with Hindu nationalist voters which forms its core voting base. Opposition has no policy other than being reactive towards BJP and uniting and the former is not going to be efficient strategy.
Opposition in Zimbabwe is unlikely to defeat incumbents. Zanu-PF is highly likely to win both Presidential and Parliamentary elections. I think it would take at lest another term for opposition to loosen Zanu_PF's grip on Zimbabwean politics.
Topic: Regime change in Iran is not possible without active and sustained military campaign and such is fraught with huge risks	Countries: Islamic and Western ones along with BRICS 	words: 517 	Recently... https://t.co/GL3zbi9CIk
In case of a hung National Assembly and PTI emerging as the single largest party there may be willing coalition partner to PTI. other than PPP like Awami League. Let's see.
In case PPP is not routed in Sindh and PTI does not get the majority then former may be a willing and reliable partner. However, if Pakistanis, particularly Punjabis among them vote on regional lines then PML (N) will emerge out as the single largest party but short of majority.
And such depends on PTI's performance in Punjab: if it does well in Punjab then there is significant chance of PTI securing an absolute majority as if PTI does well in Punjab it will do better in other region. Then PML (N) may reduce to somewhere between 60-80 seats.
It's advantage PTI in Pakistan's general elections as undecided voters, if they vote, will vote more in favor of PTI than PML (N). Higher voter turnout will favor PTI as well. There is distinct chances of Khan's PTI securing a working absolute majority.
If Trump administration really wants this regime to collapse then it doesn't have to use Pompeo's outburst but use warning by Mattis and Dunford. But then probable military action is not risk-free as regime may survive and things get worsened for US. Trump needs to have patience.
Is Trump administration planning regime change in Iran?It can't happen through revolt by public as there will be few takers of administration's propaganda. While it is true that there are many dissenters in Iran against Ayatollah backed regime but then Trump is equal repellent.
Topic: ICJ to give a partial favorable ruling in favor of Qatar though UAE will have no financial and statist obligation on whatever happened but UAE possibly cannot further deport Qatari if there are any of... https://t.co/stwrPg1hzC
France has taken Russian help to deliver 50 tonnes of aid to Eastern Ghouta. The international dynamics has been shifting very fast and obviously Trump admin will not mind france's move. Russia's isolation is slowly ending and Europe is going to better its relationship with it.
Argentine people are protesting against their government taking around 50 b USD loan from IMF saying that IMF will force heavy austerity measures on govt. But they don't know what 50 b USD is and how much it would matter to Argentine Treasury, its printing spree and to govt.
CDU's ally CSU has turned more Right in view of regional elections and this does not bode well for Merkel. But she right now has no option as she has become unprincipled and un-Western. She'll cling to power and may succumb to pressure tactics by her main allies, CSU and SDP.
White Helmet volunteers have been rescued from Syria. No one should think that US now will take military action against Assad regime. But sure, White Helmets will now get recognition for their works in saving human lives and many awards as well, including possibly Nobel prize.
Cohen's recording his conversation with Trump asking him to pay a Playboy model to hide his relationship with her is not illegal as Trump says as he was not President then. Why Cohen recorded was because of Trump's unreliability on such matters as Trump could've dumped him.
Topic: Sexuality of Pakistani Punjabi Moslem females and chances of PTI’s Imran Khan becoming Pakistan’s next Prime Minister	Country: Pakistan, rest of SAARC and few Western countries	words: 1,103	First of... https://t.co/Oqkjl1JH7l
Obviously Trump likes such person. But Pakistan may not sexually revolutionize  as CIA may think because there will be very strong reactive forces in Pakistani society. Moreover, sexual liberalization has no direct high correlation with economic liberalization. But he'll matter.
PTI's Imran Khan is first Trump's choice &amp; then he is Pakistani military's choice. Why? Khan in the past was a womanizer and he had sexual relationship with many White females &amp; had three children with two Jewish females. You see sex will matter more in Pakistan after Khan's win.
Topic: Is Trump administration readying Israelis and Palestinians for two-state solution? I tell you, I can easily go wrong and it could be totally opposite of what I just guessed.	Countries: Possibly the... https://t.co/Qz0KXQV2BF
Hamas &amp; Israel have agreed for calm after days of rage &amp; anger. Are negotiations to end more than seven decade long dispute going to take place with tacit approval from Trump administration? I am not sure but if they're really going to take place it'll be a great thing to happen.
I think she can be martyred. But then Britain will have a very troubled relationship	with Europe &amp; public there may demand a referendum or an early poll to get a clear verdict from them. If snap polls take place then Labour is likely to form the govt &amp; referendum'll be called in.
May has said that N. Ireland can't be in EU's custom union &amp;single market area as then it would have to have a hard border with rest of Britain. She is right but either she can satisfy EU (that too only partly) or hard-Brexiters. Either way she is in great trouble.
US sailors have demanded that they should be allowed to grow beard as Navy has permitted females to have ponytails &amp; buns. US Navy should desist such moves as beard can't be compared with ponytails and hair-buns. All Navy sailors should be clean-shaved irrespective of.identity.
Israeli Knesset by passing a bill declaring Israel to be a Jewish nation-state has at least theoretically pulled itself out of Western nation tag. The fact is that no Western state is a religious state. But... https://t.co/0haE8ntj9L
I think that the opposition’s non-trust motion against Modi-government would turn out to be no show and it could turn out to be counterproductive. It gets clear from the fact that out of estimated... https://t.co/WpdPGxN1hl
After days of flip-flops Trump has sided in the favor of Putin as he invites him for a summit in Washington, DC. This is politically dangerous and risky move and I don’t think that he has consulted many... https://t.co/DxaPBkmUto
And if Netanyahu wins another term or there is right-wing government in Tel Aviv and Trump is reelected to the White House then Palestinians' dreams of achieving statehood could be delayed further for more than a decade at least.
Israeli right-wing  govt. wants to extract maximum in Trump's tenure and that is why Knesset passed a bill declaring Israel as Jewish nation-state. Undermining Arab-Israelis was its inevitable consequence. Netanyahu cleverly delayed granting any favor to Palestinians.
Topic: Hinduism is more fragmented and distributed than any other organized religion. Sabrimala temple authorities have full right to ban entry of women in puberty from entering the sanctum sanctorum even... https://t.co/wl3bDHyeCZ
Topic: I think United States Congress and Trump should take a balanced position on Russia	Countries: Possibly the entire globe	words: 667	Trump when he was candidate Trump used to say that he would clean the... https://t.co/Lz2uyrdi3a
In Iraq Shiites are majority but Shiites in South are making a lobbying block whereby they would not share their resources with others. This could induce chain reactions in Kurdish region of Iraq and also a chain reactions all around ME wherever there is dissent against sharing.
Protests in Southern Iraq reflects Shiite regionalism on the lines of Southern Yemen where Sunnis want dismemberment. Their problems may be genuine but they're creating a Shiite block to seek state funds and stop rebuilding of Iraq along cosmopolitan lines independent of sect.
Does INC want to form a pre-poll alliance at a comfortable cost in public domain? I think Sonia may be trying to save the career of her son. Or does Italy born White Sonia herself believe in Hindu mythology &amp; in magic? I am sure that Modi has numbers with him &amp;BJP will win vote.
INC-led opposition is bringing vote of no confidence against the Modi government where BJP alone has a proven majority, NDA partners having additional numbers. Is it a gamble by Sonia or a very shrewd game of churning Indian politics even before elections are announced?
Topic: In my opinion Supreme Court will decriminalize gay sex but then it should ask all stakeholders, including the LGBTQ community, to refrain from promoting gay sex in public in India	Countries: India and... https://t.co/nwVoSVevYo
Topic: A song in ‘Satyam Shivam Sundaram’ shows Krishna’s naivety in his childhood	Country: India	words: 462 	In a movie titled, ‘Satyam Shivam Sundaram’, (which represents Shivalingum as it is worshipped in... https://t.co/wHnHhNE9hZ
Japan &amp; EU have signed a historic trade deal in which both parties will make trade barrierless. This is practical if both of them have balanced trade with their trade not in favor of any side or at least when either side has an overall good trade surplus or else this is unstable
She hardly survived in yesterday's votes. Now she is using tactics of some Asian governments of punishing adversaries &amp; rewarding friends and allies to please the latter. Poor May! She is in an awkward position as she supported Remain camp &amp; now she is lobbying for soft Brexit.
Vote Leave campaign team has been fined roughly 80 K USD after authorities blamed them of certain economic missteps. The charges are mostly likely correct but why they've been pressed right now? This has to do with May's position in the Westminster on the Brexit vote.
Topic: In Kalki’s body Vishnu come!	Countries: India and Western ones	words: 467 	Before I start let me warn that it is a mythology well beyond the realm of Hindu Universe in real space-time. So, readers... https://t.co/ve8v7T4jYQ
I think that Indian Parliament's Monsoon session commencing tomorrow will be lesser noisy and more ordered. There will be lesser obstructions to the proceedings of the two Houses and except for some weird possibility no day will be completely washed out. Elections may be near!
Topic: Hindus as people won’t become Taliban because they just can’t	Countries: SAARC countries	words: 454 	Opposition INC national lawmaker from Kerala, Shashi Tharoor, had observed in the recent past that... https://t.co/iskdkXlz9L
This is explicable. His talk about American taxpayers no longer willing to subsidize NATO countries' defense budget goes down very well with his core supporters &amp;possibly with other Americans as well. But his flip-flop with May &amp;failed meeting with Putin may not widen his support
Has Trump widened and/or deepened his support among his core supporters and potential supporters after his four nations European tour? I think his base is almost intact but has not widened either and many among Republicans outside his base would rethink supporting him.
If no impeachment proceeding takes place against Trump he will contest 2020 Presidency. Cruz or Rubio can't beat him in primaries if candidacy contest is fought and if with the support of the party if they're able to do so then Trump's staunch supporters will make either loose.
It otherwise should be very embarrassing to him. The fact is that he considers his presidency to be very personal and misinterprets sovereignty. During his press conference with Putin he appeared somewhat disconnected President and even naive and not up to the mark.
Trump during his just concluded three European nations' visit proves that he is inexperienced and a reactive President. His meetings with Putin failed to achieve anything significant. Trump denies and contradict assessments made by his own administration's officials.
Topic: It is legally impossible for United Kingdom to sue European Union over Brexit	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 292	In a news conference with May Trump told reporters that he had suggested May... https://t.co/8v9ovBMZZk
Trump is showing adhocism in international politics and this could be detrimental to American interests worldwide. Russia at the cost of Europe? A bad deal for sure but worse part is that United States can't get Russia even if it is ready to sacrifice Europe.
Haitians' problems will not solve even after their PM has resigned. There were good reasons as to why oil prices were hiked and those fundamental reasons related to economy have not changed. If Haitians don't show economic rationality then Haiti's economic woes will worsen.
I think concentrated violence in Nicaragua will ease down in coming weeks but sporadic violence and frequent protests will continue. Its leader will have to either compromise on his harsh stand against opposition and student protesters or may have to resign.
Topic: As Trump himself says it would be wrong to expect much from his summit with Putin in Helsinki due tomorrow 	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 818 	Trump has admitted to an interview given to... https://t.co/td6CgIRddb
Trump's doctrine is Machiavellian because as per him if Hamas is military far weaker than Israeli military then why does it fight with it and if it cannot accept the diktats of Israel then it at least should not confront it. So, its a political version of survival of the fittest.
It is a fact that US' relationship with North Korea is not that well defined no matter what Pompeo claims. So, he needs to show success at some front to woo voters in this election year. Otherwise Trump would not mind Middle East conflict as Israel has huge asymmetry w r t Hamas.
The fact is that Trump's UK visit is no success though by flipping back diplomatically he might have managed to contain the deterioration &amp;an open confrontation with May. His NATO visit was also marred by controversy even though nation-states agree to hike their defense spending.
As per BBC White House is trying its best to arrange a ceasefire between Israel and Hamas as both sides have stated truly that they don't want an all out confrontation with each other. But then in the sequence of actions and reactions conflict can escalate leading to instability.
Topic: Nawaz Sharif’s game-plan	Country: Pakistan	words: 508 	Pakistan’s former Prime Minister Sharif has returned from London along with his daughter Maryam and both of them were arrested inside the plane... https://t.co/Q1FptnROoQ
Jeremy Corbyn, Labour Party leader in the House of Commons, Westminster, attended the protest rally organized against Trump’s United Kingdom visit in London. It was necessary and uncalled for. Sure, Ed... https://t.co/bWTVQiPXKd
I am sorry for tweeting wrongly. It is SGPC's website and thus they've ruling over the usage of word Kaur by Sunny.
Why yesterday such a mammoth terror attack took place in Pakistan affecting elections? Yesterday was Friday and 13=1+3=4 which is related to 4th of July. Trump was in London and Sharif was returning from there. What's this? Small brain? Yes, that's what terrorists have got.
12 Russians have been indicted for their role in hacking DNC computer system and affecting US Presidential elections 2016. Whatever be the merit but even if they are convicted they are not going to be brought to justice as Russia will never handover them to US authorities.
He can get exile even if a favorable government is not there in Islamabad if Salman takes personal interest. If Pakistani Army is not generous towards him then bad days await him and his family. Let's see what happens. But in all likelihood Sharif can't stay in Pak as a free man.
Sharif has relied too much on Saudi Arabia and he knows very well that US will not help him and his family. On legal ground his case is weak. But if PML(N) is able to form the govt. he may be given exile but not in London but in a Saudi city possibly different from Riyadh.
Nawaz Sharif and his daughter Maryam have been arrested after returning to Pakistan. They will stay in a Rawalpindi jail. They are unlikely to get bail till a new government is stalled in Islamabad after 25 July general elections. As I said earlier they've taken huge risks.
But she is unlikely to go to court as this can bring down her popularity. But I tell you times have changed and SGPC is no regulator to decide about a Sikh; girl or boy's, life. It is not a regulator by default but by a choice. I know very well that Sikh are deeply religious.
Why I say that she can win a court battle against SGPC because using Kaur is her birthright as she is born to a Sikh couple and just because she does not follow Gobind's preaching as SGPC it cannot take away her right. Her American nationality is her biggest protector.
SGPC; highest Sikh body, has barred Sunny Leone; porn star, from using Kaur; a religious title for Sikh females, in name of web series because she does not follow Sikh gurus' preaching. Fine, if Sunny goes to court she can easily win the case against SGPC but she will not.
Topic: Trump is playing with the British psychology but in a predictable manner and that is somewhat clumsy too	Countries: Western, non-Western European nations and possibly BRICS as well	words: 871 	To be... https://t.co/IiqInousmh
Supreme Court of India has observed that decriminalizing Sec 377 which holds gay sex a criminal offense is a matter of law and not that of referendum. This is a correct observation though holding out referendum is not a valid constitutional option in India in original document.
India has invited Trump to be its Chief Guest for the 2019 Republic Day parade. In all likelihood Trump will accept this more so because Trump has inherent agenda of supporting Rightist governments throughout the globe and Indian PM Modi is leading a Hindu nationalist government.
Will US troops withdraw from Afghanistan? I think not this year or the next one though NATO forces can't realize their original mission of eliminating al-Qaeda-Taliban combine. Now there is ISIL in addition. But I think US troops aren't going to stay there for very long.
How will I describe Trump's NATO summit's success? On a scale of 0 to 10 I'll put it as 5 though again Trump has created dissent against US led by him. I think Trump shouldn't show basic business skills as this is not the right skill to show to his peers in the West.
Will May behave like an academic? It depends on how much Trump speaks &amp; what does he say in UK. But Trump shouldn't mind meeting Corbyn as it is in the best traditions of democracies to meet with opposition leaders. Trump should be open-minded and accept differing views &amp; dissent
I doubt that Trump's UK visit will be successful even on cosmetics; there is hardly any chance of it being successful on substance. Trump will mind protests once he lands in UK even though he is well aware of them. Policies &amp; not psychology should guide world leaders.
Topic: Trump’s objections to other NATO members and NATO’s global missions	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 529 	Trump’s objections:	Europe buying energy from Russia: Trump criticized Germany for meeting... https://t.co/gAkx96THFD
Topic: Trump knows how to win a trade war with China though it will harm United States too and it will make China a reactive state towards United States	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 573 	In the... https://t.co/IklbqYW2Ww
It can help either of the major parties though both PML (N) and PPP are in doldrums. I think that results of this general elections are more unpredictable than those of last general elections &amp;who knows Khan be the dark-horse. But still I put my bet on PML (N) emerging out as #1
PTI's Imran Khan has said that keeping good relationship with India would bring peace &amp; stability in SA. The argument is correct but PTI is not very likely to lead the government in Islamabad. It would have been great if Khan was front-runner for the post of Pakistan's PM.
While militants in Pakistan are against all democratic processes &amp; institutions but there may be additional reasons for big violence in this year's general elections. The date is 25 and it comes exactly 3 weeks from US I-Day &amp; a week from start of Monsoon session in India.
Trump's meeting with Putin could be the easiest among meetings in 3 nations appears to be a highly probable but the question is how productive it would be. I think Trump and Putin are friend &amp; he is correct when he says that Russia is neither a foe nor friend but a competitor.
It is very difficult for Merkel to increase German defense budget above 1.5% of GDP is her problem. The fact is that Germany is a very rich nation and thus it should meet its binding obligation. Trump is right when he seeks budget increase but he can't give dissolution threat.
I think tempers will be lowered in two day NATO Summit beginning today. While both Trump and leaders of other NATO countries will reiterate their stated positions but as much as I understand both sides will be more tolerant of each other than they have been in the recent past.
But Hindi's visit to Sikh temple in Amritsar and to various Sufi shrines will continue as Hindus are not exhausted by 330 million strong Hindu pantheon. The relationship with Sikhs &amp; Moslems will have Bollywood as an anchor other than their shrines. But mostly all will decouple.
Hindi will remain a mulatto language though its content of Punjabi, Arabic &amp; Persian languages will reduce &amp; those words will be taken over by English words. Those non-Hindis living in Hindi heartland will always be required to know Hindi or they'll risk become a social pariah.
The influence of British rule on Indian social and demographic equations will fade away by coming decades. Indian state is based on British colonial rule and not on rule by Moguls. With the fading influence Hindis' bonhomie with Punjabis and their hatred with Moslems will reduce.
Topic: The conundrum whether hen came before or egg is, in my opinion, easy to solve	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 178 	It is true that hen is born out of egg and it is also true that it lays down... https://t.co/B9kFbPeP9q
But if negotiations are not over by March 29, 2019 deadline then the party responsible will have to pay fine and that would be UK. I tell you neither of the paths is perfect or beautiful. But soft Brexit means that UK will have to pay billions of Euro as fine for leaving EU.
Boris Johnson's resignation means that Theresa May may have to face leadership battle but if she could last up to end of September then I think that she is through as her successor would require at least 6 months to take a stand different from that by her.
Nirbhaya's rapists &amp; killers can't get pardon from Kovind. The point is not that that their hanging would bring any quantum leap to female's status in Indian society but thy getting presidential pardon can worsen the situation of females in India; it can be regressive step.
I know nothing in football but still I'll dare to make a prediction. I think that final will be played between England and France in which France will be victorious. But it is more that 0.4 chance on a probability scale of 0 to 1 that I may go wrong.
Topic: Death sentence does not act as a deterrent against potential rapist raping a potential victim in India	Country: India	words: 379	Chief Justice of India, Justice Misra, while upholding death sentences... https://t.co/bjpVLtZ1Si
Topic: Fully successful rescue operations in Thailand will strengthen the idea of god	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 522	Thai divers with the cooperation of international divers have rescued 4 out of... https://t.co/MNqwevZtzf
Brexit Minister David Davis has resigned citing significant differences with May over her Brexit plans. May Cabinet has opted for soft Brexit realizing that lesser number of Britons want Brexit now as they could not gauge the complexity of divorce process neither its consequences
I think former Brazilian President Lula De Silva will be released from prison and he could win Brazilian presidency. Trump has a huge effect on the psyche of Latin Americans and Brazilians could choose Lula as their next President forgetting graft charges against him.
In think that Indian Supreme Court will not commute death sentence to life sentence to 3 accused convicted of raping &amp; murdering a girl with media name Nirbhaya. If they commute It would be like reversing all steps taken by judiciary &amp; executives to protect girls &amp; females.
I put my bet on all trapped Thai boys &amp; their coach to be rescued safely. Sure, I was proven wrong when I said that they should be presumed dead. But still British &amp; Americans as well as Thai may want to prove what is obviously lie: that god exists. Even fatalism has following.
If one looks at William's face he looks like Andrew, son of Philip and not like Charles. Neither Philip nor Andrew has any biological relationship with Tudors. What's the matter? I think Tudors are hopeless people and shameless as well.
May cannot rely much on Trump America and she might have calculated after making wild guesses that Commonwealth cannot be revived in its old glory. If it were not soft Brexit Britain would loose out its influence and market share in Europe as well.
May's soft Brexit plan has been accepted by her cabinet. There was no alternative and hard Brexit would mean Britain would loose out badly in international political arena and London loosing out its sheen as world's major financial powerhouse city.
So, why is he taking risk when his &amp;his family's passport could be confiscated? He has done so to save his party &amp; probe a possibility of continuing political career in weak sense. Also, fine is high. So, either he accepts the verdict of appeal court or live his life as fugitive.
Sharif and his family has decided to appeal against the sentences provided to them by accountability court. On judicial ground he can't win, that's for sure but if Pakistani Army and countries like Saudi Arabia, UK and US support him then may be he can win appeal.
Topic: Will North Korea agree for its complete denuclearization?	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 446 	This is highly speculative status update and I can easily go wrong as what I will be writing is... https://t.co/IUItyZHGKp
Topic: May may fail in diplomacy during Trump’s United Kingdom’s visit	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 643 	A Westminster lawmaker tweeted this on twitter:	‘Hectoring nonsense the Blackman must stop’	I... https://t.co/NcWGHg37op
Topic: I don’t think that Indian general and Assembly elections should be held altogether; in fact in my opinion they should be held in three parts 	Country: India	words: 325 	Law Commission of India is... https://t.co/VzYoA2kUna
Topic: I think that Sharif’s political career is almost over though Pakistan is not that predictable state	Countries: South Asian, Islamic and Western ones	words: 357 	An anti-corruption trial court in... https://t.co/8ZdITHxTC5
If in the West state is becoming so powerful one can imagine the situation in the Rest. Typical examples include India, many African &amp;Latin American states other than the usual suspects. In India Modi has made the state above a god and an absolute necessity in public's lives.
Slowly but surely the state is dominating a nation &amp;international life &amp;individuals are loosing sheen. This was evident since Obama but Trump's ascension to the White House has put a seal on the omnipresence &amp; omnipotence of the state. Interesting thing is that he is Republican.
But still US actions &amp; Chinese future reactions all were known to marketers &amp; thus they should've taken precautionary steps. I am sure that such actions are mutually harmful but still it is China which is going to loose more. It might be making last ditched efforts for reversal.
US has imposed additional import tariffs on Chinese goods worth 34 b USD. .As expected markets are reacting negatively. China is expected to take retaliatory measures and such would catalyze negative sentiments in markets. I think this could last for several days.
Topic: I think Supreme Court should restrain itself on Puri	Country: India	words: 569 	Supreme Court yesterday said that in its view religion and caste should be no bar while entering Puri.	It is comparing... https://t.co/yfVaFVFfdx
Turkey is removing some of the draconian measures it put in place after the 2016 failed coup. The point is simple: no powerful Western state has effective leverage with Turkey and thus its actions are uncontrollable and unchecked. Hardly any state can influence Turkey as of now.
Two British citizens have fallen victim to nerve agent Novichok in Amesbury. I am sure that Kremlin is not involved though the incident needs to be probed properly. Sure, there appears to be residue of Novichol from Salisbury attacks. Novichok is a highly stable nerve agent.
Polish government has lowered down the age of retirement of Poland’s Supreme Court Justices to 65 years of age. Poland’s Chief Justice defied the order and attended her office. Many Polish people are... https://t.co/om7VYX7Ihv
Iranian President Rouhani has said that his country will target oil shipments if United States is successfully able to block its oil exports. I think it is a mechanical response and he is talking about a... https://t.co/nPhT6sUdVJ
Topic: It’s very difficult for Putin to accept Trump’s bait on START	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 702 	Trump and Putin are going to meet in Helsinki on 16th July. I will talk about START which I... https://t.co/zT9JESoPFD
Trump's meeting in Helsinki will not achieve his principal strategic objectives as Putin will not accept US asymmetric arguments about START and Trump cannot offer him investment bargain. But Putin and Trump will cruise well over Syria and Ukraine. On N. K. they may differ.
Trump's forthcoming UK visit will be marred by wild protests where Labour and other protesters may be joined by Tory supporters. His UK visit is unlikely to be very successful though he will receive a warm welcome by Elizabeth at Buckingham.
The whole idea of EU is based on sharing on equal basis &amp; fraternity based on Europeans values which are mostly White Christian values. No leader or nation would tolerate insult by leaders of other member states. All nations need to be treated equal even though they're not.
Merkel and Macron accuse Trump of not treating them as his equals but they don't appear to be treating their counterparts in EU as their equals. If France in defense matters tries to become US and Germany in economy, EU will fail and eventually will collapse.
There is hardly any chance of survival of 12 Junior football team members and their coach in Thai caves. Should this be the case it would be very difficult to recover their corpses as well. It is indeed a tragedy for families and friends.
Iranian President Rouhani has said that Iran would be able to overcome United States’ threats about oil exports from Iran. This is indeed an interesting development.	Iran is possibly thinking about exporting... https://t.co/Zsqdi0T9pm
Topic: German Chancellor Merkel has become unprincipled and un-Western in politics off late	Countries: United States, European ones and the rest of the West	words: 389 	What is Merkel’s official position on... https://t.co/o2YresFoUh
Putin would  like Syrian forces to retake Derra before 16 July Trump would not mind. But such will tarnish the public image of United States, particularly that of Department of Defense, for working on empty rhetoric.
Syrian Army and its allies will not care for loss of civilians life in  Deraa and will singly minded focus on retaking the province from rebels possibly at any cost. Trump administration other than attempting brokering truce between the two sides will not do anything.
Trump's envisioned trade war has emphasized the importance of China &amp;China is not going to listen to anyone on the status of HK. It will continue to pursue hotly its slow encroachment into the differences&amp;distinction of HK with mainland China &amp; it'll eat up rights of people of HK
Hong Kong is celebrating 21st anniversary of merger with China with pro-democracy protesters protesting against the lack of democracy &amp;flaws in 'one state two system' model of governance. I tell you there is no way such protests making any difference to Chinese policy towards HK
Mind you, solution to the dispute will be clumsy &amp; complex and not beautiful &amp; simple. Minimum a deal which satisfies Palestinians on land is the only possibility. Palestinians will expect 96% of West Bank and East Jerusalem but will not settle for less than 92% of WB and EJ.
What will happen if Middle East dispute is not resolved in near time? Hamas ideology will prevail over Fateh. Moslems are not any way used to follow principles of Gandhi &amp; Luther. So, violence will increase &amp; Israel will be happy except that risks to Israeli lives will increase.
In Madhya Pradesh I see Shivaraj getting ousted because of deteriorating law and order in the state, anti-incumbency factor &amp; because of many scandals. Modi's claim of his government being champion of poor and unrepresented is not correct and people of MP may re-vote for INC.
In Assembly elections BJP will almost repeat its performance of 2014 but PDP will get a beating from people of Kashmir. NC and INC will form the government in 2020 and if need be PDP will support from outside to cleanse its sin of having run a state govt. with Hindu nationalists.
In Indian Jammu &amp; Kashmir BJP gained by pulling out of an unconventional &amp; unholy alliance with PDP. If PDP &amp; BJP re-form the govt. it could be suicidal for PDP. In next general elections BJP will sweep Jammu &amp;possibly Laddakh as well &amp;NC Kashmir. Mehbooba is a traitor in Valley.
Trump has requested Salman to overall increase oil production by 2 m barrel a day. OPEC has increased oil production by 1 m barrel a day. I think it will be pressing for Saudi Arabia to increase it any further &amp; Salman may not listen but then SA may loose investment opportunities
South Koreans are protesting arrival of Yemeni refugees to Jeju island. There are only 482 Yemeni asylum seekers but many South Koreans are adamant that not a single application should be approved off by South Korean authorities. I am not surprised; for me it's a normal habit.
And the judgment should be given at the earliest. Sure, ideally speaking, no delay should take place in any case but a case involving US President should be given verdict at the earliest possible time so that there is no confusion involved as far as policies &amp; fallout for Prez.
US Supreme Court prospect Kavanaugh has said that Presidents should not be distracted by legal inquiries. I disagree and think that no one should be above law. Yes, there should be fast-track mechanism whereby cases involving Presidents should go to higher courts by default.
Topic: Refugees and the West	Countries: Definitely the globe	words: 862	I do not know for how long a decent life is possible for a billion people on earth but judging from the projected population of 10+... https://t.co/2juHYofN2b
I think Leftist Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador is hot favorite to win Mexican elections to be held on July 1. I am sure that Trump's over-nationalistic policies shall have hand in Obrador's victory though I am not sure whether he will be protectionist or not when it comes to trade.
It would mean more persecution and conflicts within the troubled regions &amp; opening up of new areas and new conflicts. The earth will become more militaristic overall &amp; there will be a great threat to liberal way of life outside the West. Politics may become more skewed globally.
It is a question about entire EU &amp; nobody would be bothered about Merkel's domestic compulsions. I am dead sure that illegal immigration to EU will be very difficult over the longer period of time. It will be a critical for global politics as all nations then will be be doing so.
Finally EU has reached a deal on immigration and Merkel was more than happy as she feared fall of her govt. if the deal was not reached. I wonder what kind of deal is reached so that her ally CSU be happy as its leaders are taking very harsh stand on immigration.
I am almost sure that ongoing EU summit will be either inconclusive on immigration and migration or will take a harsh stand against immigration. It's a testing time for EU and very soon (within a year or two) could also be its breaking or continuing point.
Topic: India may agree to meet American demand of not importing oil from Iran	Countries: India, Nepal, Bhutan, Bangladesh, Iran and United States	words: 623 	I warn all probable readers that I may go wrong... https://t.co/E5kqGkCgK2
Topic: It will be interesting to watch Trump and Putin meeting	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 284 	White House and Kremlin are planning a summit between Trump and Putin in third country. I think it... https://t.co/yVNbOwbDCR
US NSA Bolton is in Moscow to meet Putin. It means that Republicans have broken ranks with Democrats and they now support Trump with greater devotion than ever before. Now Trump can follow his pro-Putin, pro-Russian policies with lesser hindrance and more ease.
Topic: Can Jared deliver on the Middle East dispute? I think no. 	Countries: Many but definitely Islamic and Western ones	words: 397 	Jared Kushner is son-in-law of and an advisor to Trump and he has told... https://t.co/TQjFVCWhfr
Qatar can win its case at International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) against the air blockade imposed by Saudi-led Quartet last year. But if not at ICAO then it will definitely win the case at ICJ because air blockade against it is unjustified as per international law.
Topic: Battle in Derra	Countries: Many though unspecified	words: 287 	Syrian forces backed by Russian, Iranian and Shiite mobilization forces are attacking Derra in the Southern Syria. The province is... https://t.co/BAJAPlX4Cf
Topic: Immigration issues in United States	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 407 	United States Federal Supreme Court has rightly upheld Trump’s travel ban against 5 mostly Islamic countries issued in... https://t.co/ryEOptAqgG
...  that only his antithesis is expected to win the elections. The person has to be male and possibly a Hispanic version of Obama. Only dilemma for him would be that he would have to champion relative free trade but that's not a big compromise for winning Mexican Presidency.
I think socialist Left-leaning candidate is going to win Mexican Presidential elections and this has to do with Trump effect. The fact is that Trump has so ruthlessly bruised nationalistic ego of Mexicans and he has also repelled Mexicans so much so ...
Argentinean labor unions are protesting against government’s plan for more and deeper austerity measures and they have crippled road, rail and air transport system there. Argentine President said that he... https://t.co/gZjyLsfPX5
No matter how bizarre and uncorrelated it may appear the fact is that Erdogan’s win in Turkey’s elections is going to affect politics in India and Pakistan somewhat, particularly about the prospects of BJP... https://t.co/vBK5EDym1u
United States has banned exports from Iran and asked banks not to provide USD to Iranian government, traders, banks and other financial institutions to do any financial transactions. This has led to great... https://t.co/YeN91Y11PZ
Algeria is reported to have left around 13 K asylum seekers in Sahara desert. More &amp;more nations are abandoning their theoretical &amp; puritan responsibilities as per intl laws &amp; they include many European &amp; Western nations. Now this is understandable &amp; natural for nations to do so
Libya has rejected Italy's request to open up asylum seekers' service centers inside its territories. Obviously, it just can't as registering them would transfer almost all liabilities on Libya as per international law &amp; obviously it just can't do it at present or in any future.
United States by withdrawing itself from United Nations Human Rights Council is bound to loose influence in international arena. The fact is that Trump does not believe in too many people and his knowledge... https://t.co/bS13pnJeE2
Clashes between farmers &amp; semi-nomadic herders in Nigeria have taken 86 lives. I think that there are so many parts in the globe where basic equations among various demographic constituents are yet to be clearly defined &amp; determined. The world needs to move with a coherent pace.
I predict that it is highly likely that EU leaders are going to take a tougher stand against migration in their coming Summit on 28 &amp; 29 June. I don't think that there are other options left. The charisma of Merkel &amp; Macron will fizzle out slowly and liberalism will be contested.
Topic: Erdogan’s win proves that he is the best politician in Turkey	Country: Turkey and many others	words: 566 	Turkey’s President Erdogan has won another term and this time, more powerful executive... https://t.co/V8TJUkdQLk
There are 3 basic reasons as to why Turkish Presidential elections can go for a run off vote and they're: crackdown after the failed coup attempt, actions against the Kurds and crackdown on dissent. The first one is really one as to why Erdogan may have to face a run off vote.
UN has declared that rule of law no longer operates in Venezuela after killings of hundreds of protesting civilians in less than a year. Now the next act for UN should be to break the deadlock and try work out bringing back democratic institutions. For that sanctions won't work.
I think US needs to have a comprehensive policy on Syria. Its tactics of threatening and then wanting its desired actions to take place may not work always or even may not work at all. But I am sure that White House has a different mindset from Pentagon and US'll not do anything
Syrian army backed up by Russian and Shiite forces are not going to stop their operations in Derra despite of warning by United States military. It means that Idlib will be next on line and Syrian forces will be able to clear up a good part of Syria from opposition.
Topic: It’s difficult to prove Myanmar authorities guilty despite of having mammoth evidence against them in crime committed against Rohingya Moslems	Countries: Many though unspecified but definitely... https://t.co/UVPgdn1nNy
But this season this is for different kind of aliens; aliens who are completely different from other aliens; consider Trump family and other elite families of US as thrash bins; particularly consider Meliana to be of no worth and her past nudity to be prostitution by choice.
'I really don't care. Do you?' It's an old jacket. Melania is playing on the collective amnesia. Sure, she wore it last season to put her displeasure and dismay at what her husband call fake media and also to show no remorse to illegal aliens whose families get separated.
EU has granted Greece a grace period of 10 years and an interim loan of 17 b Euro. I think in the mean time Greece can restructure its economy taxing less and spending more with more emphasis on knowledge building and diversifying the skills of Greeks making it more exporting.
Oh! Poor European Union Charter on human rights and democracy! Should it happen Trump will be very happy. Conservatism is possibly going to dominate. I see victory of reason and realism should EU adopt tougher migration policy.
In order to keep EU going its member states will have to make tougher immigration laws because if small EU nations cannot protect their respective identities from the onslaught of migration then what's the point? Merkel will yield and Macron will morph into more selfish being.
Will Turkish Presidential elections go to the second round? I am not that sure though there is some speculation in media. But even if does Erdogan is going to win. I think if Prez elections go to second round then it will tell at the limits on longevity of Erdogan's pol career.
But sure if Trump had not stopped law enforcement authorities from separating children from parents it could have cost Republicans both Chambers. Now Trump has to decide about his own path or does he simply want to be pushed around? I tell you extreme is almost a null option.
He might have granted 'amnesty' to illegals but if he has really changed his mind it could cost him very dearly politically as he is in to the footsteps of Obama which none of his supporters would like. Also, loosing out to Democrats and to immigrants would not go in his favor.
Media is saying that Trump has changed his mind over immigration. I think he is compelled to do so. Even after President signing the bill there is high probability that children may be separated from their parents and illegals be deported back to their native country.
Erdogan is almost certain to win Turkish Presidency but his party AKP may lose majority in Parliament which will affect many of his legislative agenda &amp;changes that he wants to usher-in. However AKP can have alliance with few parties to secure majority in Parliament to pass bill
I think equity and debt markets are going to go down for a while and then it will take a saturated value. There will be some loss to capital markets though debt markets will rebound. Currency markets will also show a stable trend under long term, I suppose.
I think US and China are going to put their decided tariffs on other country's imports. Trump had hinted that he may put 10% surcharge on 200 b USD on other items imported from China if China imposes tariffs on US goods which China will retaliate.
It appears, as suspected, that battle for control of Hudaydah city is going to be long drawn out battle. Still heavy skirmishes are taking place around city's airport. The fact is unlike initially thought off this is more like a ground war than Saudi-led forces showing air-power
In border protection detention center near Us border with Mexico a human border recorded the painful crying mass voice of detained children looking for parents. It was noon and it was all orchestrated and rehearsed; done by great opponents of Trump's tough immigration policy.
Saudi-led coalition forces have retaken airport in Hudaydah. It means that it is more like a fierce ground attack instead of sustained air campaign. If coalition commanders don't care much for troops &amp; they are ready to die they can take the Hudaydah seaport very soon as well.
I think that conservative candidate is going to win Colombian Presidency in a run off vote with comfort and this would definitely be a setback for peace process with FARC rebels. I think Colombian as a majority feel uncomfortable with the peace deal with the rebels.
Greece government is going to win no confidence motion brought against it because of renaming of a neighboring country. Nationalists ob both sides are wrong; there is not anything significant which can threaten the two countries.
Topic: Upskirting is a big issue	Countries: The Western ones	words: 362 	All numbers are to be considered in their relative contexts. You see, 10^(-10) is a small number in the context of 1 and above but a... https://t.co/Yi1BxeUXoU
Topic: How Comey’s Hillary Clinton email investigations affected the results of 2016 Presidential elections?	Countries: Possibly the globe but mostly United States	words: 287	An internal Department of... https://t.co/he4MjOkPR1
It's difficult to assess that but Hillary won millions of more votes against Trump though he defeated him brutally in electoral collages. So, fewer people voted for Trump but they voted strategically. Will Hillary agree that she got more votes because of Comey? I don't think so.
As per internal Department of Justice assessment former FBI director Comey was not politically biased. I think he made a hasty decision to open up Hillary's case as well as closing it down too. In politics he is naive but the fact is Comey's decision had an impact on elections.
A number should be considered in its relative field. When so many abnormal things can happen which no coded religion permits and religious people often indulge in that then other things prohibited in religion can also happen. Sure, in Argentina activists should worry about Senate
When on earth females can be sold, they become prostitutes, premarital  &amp; extramarital sex is a normal thing, females can be raped, live-in relationship is a buzzing trend, being single mom is an easy thing, there can be gruesome murders and violence then why can't females abort
In a close &amp;contested vote Argentinian Lower House of Parliament voted for ending abortion restrictions in limited way. Now it's a global trend. But female abortion right lobbyists are correct. When Vatican can compromise on gay sex and use of condoms then why can't females abort
India has officially rejected UNHCR's report on violations of human rights of Kashmiris for past more than 7 decades. It usually responded with usual rhetoric that Kashmir was an integral part of India. I think that situations is terrible for Kashmiris and is not going to improve
Who killed Indian kashmiri journalist, Sujaat Bukhari today? I think that killers are dummies or proxies. They could be anyone.
Topic: Saudis and Emiratis can win the battle for Hudaydah; only thing is that they have to opt for sustained bombings while keeping collateral damages to minimum	Countries: Islamic and Western ones along... https://t.co/FOAePzOeXG
It appears British government is taking acrobatic steps regarding Brexit. I think Tories are in deep trouble and Labour should be pleased with their election defeat in 2017. May could prove out to be one of the worst British Prime Ministers in contemporary times.
As per BBC and al-Jazeera very few British are happy with the way Brexit negotiations are going on. I thought it was going smoothly. But then May supported Remain camp but didn't vote. It's a difficult thing to please Bexiter, Remainer and in-between groups simultaneously.
United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions has declared that females facing domestic and gang violence will no longer get asylum in United States. If America were to be a land of opportunity for all... https://t.co/k8Kf5euc4u
Saudi Arabia, UAE and Kuwait together offered aid worth 2.5 billion USD; EU has offered 28 million USD. The fact is that it will help resolve Jordan's problem in short term but not in long term. The fact is that Jordan need to create more jobs and get bigger taxes to resolve it.
Italy's populist government has revoked sovereignty to disallow docking an NGO ship carrying roughly 600 refugees at an Italian seaport. France and Spain have criticized Italian government for that. I think Europe need to thoroughly discuss and review its asylum policies.
They turned out to be wrong. Sure, UAE shouldn't attack Hudaydah as it is a very busy seaport and attacking it would create bigger humanitarian catastrophe and civilian will loose maximum. But still the estimate is grossly over-reported or UN has made a big error.
UN estimate that around 250K civilians may loose lives should UAE attack Hudaydah is erroneous. It's just like Colin Powell saying no to George H Bush decision to start a military action in 1991 against Iraq for invading Kuwait. American generals overestimated loss to US troops.
Topic: Trump should not show any skill to Kim	Countries: Possibly the entire globe	words: 705 	North Korea is no nation compared to United States. Does one need to say this? Its per capita income is less... https://t.co/NvtfulpOjc
British activists, mostly females, are celebrating centenary of they being granted voting rights. It's appalling and surprising to see females fighting for so little even though earth is very unequal planet &amp; diversity which such females would otherwise celebrate is responsible.
Xi of China is unnecessarily being praised for standing up for globalization and against protectionism as China gets huge benefits and Chinese economy would collapse without Western investments and the society would become unstable and disordered. It's China and his compulsion.
Frankly speaking Saudi authorities have constraints as if activists' demands are hypothetically met then there will be chaos in Saudi Arabia. One has to understand that pace of reforms has to be matched by reforms' acceptance by society &amp; Saudi females are also very conservative.
Saudis are arresting many activists even though they're going to give their females driving rights. They fear that those activists would demand more rights for females, like inheritance and adoption rights, which are against the strict Islamic laws that Saudis follow.
Basque and Catalonia regions are expecting more conciliatory approach by Span's new socialist government as they're stakeholders in that. They may get more autonomy but not independence as the socialist government will collapse or they will fear public's retribution in elections.
Topic: May’s aggressive foreign policy approach will turn out to be wrong	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 784 	The fact is that Theresa May was anointed by Cameron no matter how democratic British may... https://t.co/eP8f0T4Mz1
You can't understand who Trudeau's wife is unless you keep intelligence on her or as per me see a photo of Trudeau family arriving in India recently. My goodness liberals are as devastating as conservatives are; in fact in my opinion they are more.
Trump's apparent backtracking from signing off joint G7 statement is due to a fact that he thought Trudeau changed his mind suddenly and abruptly because as per him Trudeau was initially 'meek and mile'. Trump thought that he changed his mind because of interference by his wife.
He also doesn't have to preach Kim about non-proliferation. Instead he has to work out a deal with Kim so that Korean Peninsula becomes a safer &amp; peaceful region and for that Kim &amp; North Korea too needs to win other than Trump &amp; US. So, he needs to be conciliatory towards Kim.
Trump says that he will size up Kim 'within the first minute' of his meeting. However, if he tries to do so he will reduce the chances of its successes as he won't be in Singapore to prove his or US superiority over Kim and North  Korea. It's a proven and very obvious thing.
Topic: State and Indian Prime Minister Modi	Country: India	words: 756 	Modi’s biggest contribution as Indian Prime Minister is his government taking government’s role in an individual’s social and private... https://t.co/sklQwUOzvS
Trump’s former campaign manager Paul Manafort has been charged with obstruction of justice and with tempering with judicial process by FBI. These are serious charges and could implicate his former boss... https://t.co/a7aYNgi0S3
You know what does rest of G7 nations' opposition against US mean? It is that Trump America is crazy but so is the rest of the West. A lot would depend on Britain and Japan. I think May is playing with fire because of domestic and EU negotiation constraints. Trump will backfire.
You see Trump was just tolerating Macron during their meeting in Quebec. He was considering him to inevitable intruder whom he had to tolerate for sometime. You know what's the real problem? Macron learns politics from his mummy and Trump doesn't from Melania. It's complicated.
Israeli blockade of Gaza strip is not going to end by Gazans protests even if they're peaceful. The point is that it is no tactical step by Israel but a well thought off strategy to deny Gazans acsess and only US mediation can lift off the Gaza seize but that's not coming..
I think there are natural and by choice end to homogeneity of thoughts and what are called as universal values. The point is that liberals sometime become very intolerant of others and this decision by Austria is expected to be heavily criticized by Germany and France.
Austria's closing down of 7 mosques and expelling 60 Imams is a landmark step which is going to affect global political Islam and its relationship, with the White-dominated world. In certain sense it is a containment of diffusiveness that extreme liberalism carries with itself.
ICC's reversal of DRC's Bemba's conviction comes within grey area as while he can't be criminally made responsible for what his forces did in CAR the fact is that he send members of his private army &amp;they did nasty things in CAR. He also tried to temper with evidence &amp; witnesses
I think no leader at G7 is going to change his or her stand on trade and on Iran. So, Trump is not going to sign declaration unless it affirmatively backs his position. Russia right now can't be brought back to G7+1. But still it will be mixed bag for Trump and for many leaders.
Price rise and wage increase are welcome things in a matured capitalist society but not the rampant inflation; they should be done so as to not induce inflation and wage increase should easily take over all expected price rise.
Topic: What will happen to Afghan and Yemeni peace plans?	Countries: Islamic, BRICS and Western ones	words: 377 	Afghanistan	Afghan President Ghani has offered a unilateral ceasefire with Taliban during the... https://t.co/YMbk0s0pRi
Afghan government has offered a unilateral ceasefire effective from 12 June to a week. US has said that it will respect ceasefire. Taliban has yet not confirmed its consent but may agree in view of Eid celebrations. But then the truce won't be lasting and durable, I suppose.
So, there will be a trust problem. Also, Houthis may not like to compromise on Sa'ana and would suspect Southern Sunni hegemony after the truce that they believe that they don't deserve. So, there are sectarian and regional angles as well.
Will Houthis agree to UN proposal for ceasefire agreement in Yemen? The point is that Saudi Arabia and UAE may not like to strike a deal with Houthis involving Iran and Houthis otherwise will not agree to a deal without the involvement of Iran.
Topic: Political reasons for expected rise in Fed bank rate	Countries: The globe	words: 820 	I know Federal Reserve Bank is an autonomous economic institute deciding about the monetary policies of United... https://t.co/7rkOvnQ0NF
USD is on the rise and this puts pressure on currencies of emerging markets. The prime lending rates are going to increase in most of economies. Because of rising USD dollar will see flight back to US markets and thus it would be difficult to fund projects in emerging economies.
But then Israel should be used to international condemnation and boycott. Even rest of the West will not support it. However, the coming years are bad ones for Palestinians and prospects gloomy.
Argentina has cancelled a football game with Israel in West Jerusalem. But this is not due to rise in anti-Semitism but due to obstinacy shown by Israel and US against Palestine cause. US has to just use its veto and Israel guts to deny Palestinians their due legitimate rights.
As per a UN report there are more refugees in last one decade than in anytime since the end of World War 2. This should not be surprising as the international order that was put in place after the war has slowly started crumbling due to its own weight and dragging consciousness.
International media is reporting that Burmese military is attacking entire ethnic communities in Northern Kachin state. The region is fighting to gain independence from Myanmar for quite sometime. It is a... https://t.co/Rh9b8NQ4dS
Topic: Jordan’s problems will not go away by changing its Prime Minister	Countries: Arab world	words: 413 	Jordan is mostly a resource-less country and its budget is aided and assisted by foreign countries,... https://t.co/iVCo9yA0jg
It is Abdullah who makes policies in Jordan and not PM appointed by him. If Abdullah does not change his fiscal challenging policies of Islamic fraternity, open-border for refugees and high subsidies without having appropriate resources then changing PM will bring little relief.
Trump says that he can pardon himself. Yes, but not for impeachable offenses or for those offenses which could lead to his impeachment. Untied States President is sovereign only in limited and restricted sense and self-arrogance and self-love have upper limits.
Italy's new anti-establishment parties have won a trust vote in Upper House of Parliament where they lack majority. It's a bait to them to become more main-streamer and in addition it tells at the possible quasi-stability in Italian politics if they don't take extreme steps.
Burmese military is now accused of attacking communities in Northern Kachin state. It wants to divert attention from Rohingya issue and wants to seek legitimacy of its actions from its civilian government and possibly from international community as well.
US Supreme Court sided with a baker who refused to make a cake for gay marriage. This is a correct decision as everyone has full right to believe in what he or she believes in and bakery shop is not a state institution whose non-compliance be deemed discriminatory.
In his first meeting with Kim Trump will dominate and Kim will allow so because of tactical reason. The fact is that Kim has agreed for partial rollback and on nuclear front I don't think more concrete is expected to come out. But who knows I go wrong.
Jordan's King has sought his PM resignation but rise in taxes and in fuel prices are not the fault of PM. A resourceless country is home to millions of refugees from Palestine, Iraq &amp; Syria. Abdullah should reconsider his Islamic fraternity policy and should bring down subsidies.
Tensions will be relaxed in Catalonia though there will be no let down in demand for independence neither there will be let down in Spanish Central government's opposition to such demands. The arguments will be postponed &amp; things will return to normalcy in Catalonia for a while.
Spain's new PM has promised peace talks with Catalan but even socialists will not promise independence. Only thing is that cases against Catalan separatist leaders will be dropped and Puigdemont may return back to Spain but he cannot be Catalan leader.
Kim wants to present his case to Trump and Trump wants to be a peacemaking global statesman. Meeting will start and finish with smiles on both sides with a promise to meet again though no substantial outcome is expected. They'll meet again next year possibly in the same location.
Trump has clarified that there were no surprises in Kim's letter. I am sure that Kim has not promised irreversible, verifiable full rollback but instead a phased partial rollback and a verifiable peace process, In reality both Kim and Trump want to meet each other.
It is increasingly becoming difficult for US to muster support in UNSC for its Middle East policy. But Trump administration's support to Israel is correct from American perspectives. Even Obama administration would have done it under similar circumstances.
In Kashmir situation is completely different as India and Pakistan have not taken their respective Kashmir through proper legal means but both are claimant to the territory. But West bank belongs to Palestine; only thing is that Palestinians won't get 100% of it.
If United States continues its current policy on Israel-Palestine region it should be prepared for constant use of veto in UNSC as it used it yesterday against Kuwait's resolution. The fact is that West Bank is occupied territory and not even Trump administration can deny this.
There is nothing wrong in Vogue Arabia showing a Saudi princess on its front page as first the rights would be hierarchical and second it is a fashion magazine showing rich and beautiful which the female campaigners may not be and even if yes showing princess is a better option.
Saudi Arabia has finally allowed females driving right if Vogue Arabia is to be trusted. I think still the granted rights would not be unconditional and there will be scores of conditions which will be frustrating ordinary Saudi females for driving.
Topic: What is Trump trying to achieve by slapping additional tariffs on EU, Canada and Mexico? I tell you he wants to win in politics but should it happen it would happen at a very high cost to United... https://t.co/iXKuyN52dR
So, under which Command would India like to come? Or under both? Against Pakistan would it be South Asia Command and against China would it be Indo-Pacific Command? Or is it just a symbolic gesture with not much effect on real military strategy and policies?
Considering Indian sensitivity US has renamed its Pacific Command as Indo-Pacific Command. But there is also South Asia Command. Indo-Pacific Command is mostly naval and air force based while South Asia Command is army, air force and SOF based.
A Pakistani trial court has asked authorities to confiscate Musharraf's national identity card and passport as he didn't appear in the court hearings. The fact is that Pakistan requires lease of life from US and it considers Musharraf to be one of its biggest enemies.
Topic: A lesson for BJP to learn	Country: India	words: 804 	Today was a day of small setback for BJP+ as grand alliance has gained a lot by their superficial math. I wonder if all leaders of grand alliance... https://t.co/OzacnJAsxe
Spanish PM Rajoy would probably survive no-trust motion brought against him and his party by opposition as no one in Spain would like elections this year. The politicians there would like to wait for lapse of first quarter of next year before election process completes.
Denmark Parliament has banned full face veil in public places from August 9 saying that Islamic veil is incompatible with Danish values. I am dead sure that the law would not face its quashing by Danish Supreme Court on constitutional ground.
I think that Raj Rajeshwari Assembly seat in Karnataka will go the JD(S)+INC way and Kairana Parliamentary seat will go against BJP. But at the best it's my fluke. It will be a mixed bag for all parties with some possible nasty beatings for BJP. Again, I can easily go wrong.
Topic: “Muslim Brotherhood and the planet of apes had a baby = vj”, says comedian Roseanne Barr	Country: Possibly the globe	words: 689 	Only thing that I fear is that I may go wrong.	So, a White blonde... https://t.co/Lp4WhXPHvk
Mind you, I'm not suggesting that it is Pakistan which always violates the ceasefire; Indians can do it as well whenever armed militants try to cross the border other than for pleasing many demographic constituencies of India by telling Indians that Modi govt can respond harshly
India &amp; Pakistan have agreed to fully implement 2003 ceasefire agreement. A mild pressure by US and a recognition that such could affect the results of general elections to be held on 25 July might have compelled Pakistan to agree to end the hostility around LoC.
Pentagon is so crazy that it could risk betting United States just to authenticate what are the biggest lies on earth: Jesus' birth and death. It does not care what the consequences would be or still are but it would harp on religious orthodoxy and institutional obstinacy.
You know America appears rouge, rowdy and even unlawful when it comes to dealing with spaceships. Americans are as ordinary as British and Indians are when they come up such strange people; they behave like bandits, arsonists and even rioters and looters.
On surface Pentagon looks like a very decent headquarter of Department of Defense. But in reality it is as naive as anyone else when it comes to dealing with people who are far more powerful than what they are. 4 star generals then behave like Hindu landlords and money-lenders.
Look at Gujarati duo of Modi and Shah: for them facts don't even count what matters is they fucking their mouth in the name of goddess India. Hindus are on the high path of theism; only thing is that it is based on wishthinking and wild imagination and not at all on facts.
Hindus never wrote history even when they were not invaded; they don't do it even now. Their highest priests &amp; even scientists claim all that the West has: supercomputers, plane, hydrogen bombs &amp; even Newton's law of gravitation. The West doesn't mind it for some strange reason.
How does a former wounded civilization react in modern times? It starts imitating the most potent civilization in words but in deeds it remains as dud as it ever has been. India is the classic example of that; modern Hindus dealing everything with their borrowed idea of theism.
Is Trump praying Hindu god to suggest him an auspicious date and timing for his meeting with Kim? He may be very busy taking astrological suggestions from Hindu priest community who otherwise are totally inept and psychologically below average from global standards.
Topic: Italy is heading towards more polar and divisionary politics	Countries: Western and non-Western European countries	words: 314 	Elections are due in Italy next year as populist parties’ efforts to form... https://t.co/055sBxYxLB
The influence of Alternate for Germany (AfD) cannot be assessed by relative strength of its opponents. This is something school-goers believe in. The fact is that AfD’s rising influence is a stark warning... https://t.co/bObpGMPWtJ
After the pro-choice win in Ireland pressure has been mounting on May to repeal the tough anti-abortion laws in Northern Ireland by calling out a referendum but obviously Tory partner DUP will not agree &amp; for the time being  anti-abortion law are going to stay there as such.
Italy is expected to go for another election within few months of time with its President definitely overstepping his authority and its PM returning the mandate. The results of next elections will be almost same with populist gaining some ground &amp;it will be a Rightist PM in Italy
Topic: Trump personally and his administration as well do not support Kashmiri cause and never Pakistan	Countries: SAARC, Russia, China and Western ones	words: 726 	This Friday Jamia mosque in Srinagar saw a... https://t.co/eN1Xn7b2rH
I think Columbia Presidential elections will see a run off and the Right candidate will be in run off vote. If Trump's 'American First, Only America' policy has an effect on Columbians then Right party's candidtae taking harsh stand on peace deal with FARC rebels will win.
So in Punjab PML(N) will dominate both in National and regional Assembly elections, while PPP will dominate in Sindh and PTI will dominate the tribal regions. The same will be pattern in other regions. Corruption, economy and identity will be the 3 most important issues.
But in case of hung Assembly the likelihood of PML(N) forming the govt. is higher as religious small parties will play a bigger role in Pakistani politics &amp; they'll prefer PML(N) over PPP. In both National and regional Assemblies it will be regional pattern all over Pakistan.
Pakistan's National and regional Assemblies elections will take place on July 25th. I think in National Assembly PML (N) may emerge out as single largest party in a hung house though PPP can perform well as well depending on the popularity of Nawaz Sharif.
I think Kim and Moon meet implies that economic aspects would be considered more importantly and denuclearization would not be sole criterion which will decide the fate of meeting between Kim and Trump. So, may be Kim and Moon themselves can decide their fate bypassing Trump.
Kim and Moon met today in DMZ to make the issue more local and less global or in other words more Korean and less American. They should've discussed probable meeting between Kim and Trump and agenda that should be chosen so that it can take place.
Topic: Catholics, abortion and church	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 593 	Pope Francis says that god loves gay people and that that they are his children. Vatican accepts use of condoms in gay... https://t.co/4fGQ70tOOb
In the end it is the government which has evolved out as universal and inevitable even in India. India is a country where Hindus before Modi used to thrive through divisionism but now it is the monolithic and homogeneous views which dominate the thinking of almost all Indians.
But despite of this update being critical of him the fact is that Modi has elevated Hindu nationalism to such a high level that none of his predecessors could ever took. Now even the outcastes &amp;lower castes just want to listen rosy things about India just as English dailies write
So, who are the biggest gainers in this conversion of Hindus into an aggressive Moslem like specie? It is the Indian expatriates, potential expats and cream of the upper caste Hindus and the rest cherishes on their success and achievements. Its just feeding oneself through air.
You know Hindus flourish in high-tech era under the guardianship of Whites and Modi and Shah want Hindus to pose India as rightful challenger to the dominance of the West and still be its adopted boy. Modi by his flawed vision of India is making India and Indians defenseless.
The Gujarati duo of Modi and Shah has created a new psychological and anthropological specie--idol-worshiping versions of Moslems by their constant appeal to populist Hinduism and by their attacks on the secularists of India through sound reason and logic.
Please pardon me for writing sex outside marriage as 'marriage outside sex'.
If Weinstein is charged in a  female judge's courtroom then she will kill him for his animal instinct due to die-hard American feminism and otherwise he will face justice because of pelvic repulsion. Odds against Weinstein are very high. I think he'll be convicted and sentenced.
I think its high time that roaring predatory people like Weinstein are caged. As per earth's standards marriage outside sex is quite normal but still women shouldn't be forced to have sex against their wishes. I think Hollywood needs some scum cleansing.
Please don't ask for my views as earth people don't understand what conservatism is all about but as such I do support the right of unborn but that of mother as well. Other than incest, rape &amp; health concerns there can be cases when earth females may have to opt for abortion.
Who gave Pope the right to interpret a part of Bible the way it is suitable in the present circumstances &amp; other parts as originally 'stated'? If Pope can support gay sex &amp; say to gay men that god loves them then why can't Irish people opt for legislating proper abortion laws?
When highly 'conservative' society like Ireland can choose a gay man of Indian origin as its PM why can't Irish people vote yes to repeal partly anti-abortion law of the country? Exit polls suggest a 2/3 yes vote in favor of abortion laws. I'm nit surprised.
I think that attack on an Indian restaurant in Canada is a result of political dispute and due to jingoism among South Asian expatriates and can be termed as a hate crime in weak sense. But I can easily go wrong on this.
Topic: What went wrong with meeting between Kim and Trump? I think it is Trump’s assessment.	Countries: Possibly the globe 	words: 1,020 	As per New York Times, North Korea has almost around 60 nuclear... https://t.co/bbyJ4F1eLZ
As per NYT N. Korea has almost around 60 nukes. I think CIA is inflating the reality above the normal inflation value but suppose it is correct then Pentagon can't decapitate N. Korea's nuclear arsenal even if it is ready to take risks nor N. Korea would agree for a full rollback
A federal judge has ruled that Trump can't block his critics on Twitter. Funny! How can such a possibility arise in the first place? A US President trying to control the voice of opponents and critics? This is simply not possible in US&amp; he again shows his naivety on legal matters
Will US recognize Israel's unilateral annexation of Golan Heights? I don't think that it is on the cards right now but should it do so it will be a great diplomatic mistake as US can't be so Rightist even under Trump's presidency or else stability of world order may be threatened
This is almost certain from beginning without a single vote being cast that Erdogan will win Presidency in Turkey. The fact is that he is a towering personality in Turkey &amp; faces no contest from any individual but still he is a dictator and suppressor of democratic institutions.
Russia can't behave like an irresponsible state just because of its military might or else its influence will wane. The biggest problem Russia can face is from Western European countries. Russia can't hurt the common interests of the West without incurring costs and risks.
International investigators say that they have compelling evidence that MH17 plane was fired upon by a missile coming from 53 Brigade of Russian Army. I think Russia is definitely involved but equally will not cooperate with international investigation and later with prosecution
Topic: Effects of United States’ withdrawal from Iranian nuclear deal on the Middle East	Countries: The globe	words: 964 	United States has put impossible conditions on Iran to avoid reimposition of... https://t.co/BA9nfnHzUw
Trump is slowly learning art of diplomacy while dealing with North Korea over denuclearization. I think talks are still not ruled out and a meeting can take place before the beginning of July if both of them don't believe in auspicious timings and in nationalistic mythology.
The point is a society can't be termed conservative just by banning abortion. Why does one need abortion first of all? Either a female is not married or she is not economically secured or doesn't know sex. It's funny to see abortion debate in West with Vatican diluting its stand.
In Ireland abortion vote I think pro-choice has upper hand over pro-life though the vote could go either way. I think that Pope's saying on gay man that god has made you like this &amp;he loves you for what you are can have a bearing on vote along with growing acceptance of diversity
Moon will be meeting Trump today where he will brief him about talks with North Korea. I think that Moon and South Korea need a peace deal with lesser universal and evangilical purposes than what United States has. So, he will opt for less perfect deal than no deal at all.
Topic: Federal Supreme Court and labor rights	Countries: Many though not specified but definitely the Western ones	words: 737 	Federal Supreme Court yesterday gave verdict in favor of businesses when it... https://t.co/RGfAPn6onq
So, again why would US like Iran to follow the above path? It is so because such would give it an excuse to attack Iran with the help of Israel and possibly Saudi Arabia (SA) as well. If war happens &amp; SA joins then it would be end of two state dream of Palestine for quite a long.
But why would US wants so? It is so because if Iran follows the path that US wants it to choose then the Western countries would not invest in it and as a consequence it would become a pariah state again and would invest maximum effort in regional and global conflicts.
So, what does US want in Iran? It wants mullahs' greater control of country and they becoming bigger violators of ordinary Iranians'rights; it wants Iran to follow the path of nuclear weapons; it wants chaos in the country with little difference between moderates and hardliners.
US has implicitly called for regime change in Iran but I don't think that even Pompeo believes in it. It is outside the domain of US to itself induce upheaval in a hostile country so easily; now bringing regime change in Iran with the help of dissenters is next to impossible.
Topic: Recent events in the Middle East	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 563 	Saudi Arabia: Saudi authorities have recently arrested 7 Saudi females while they were driving, calling them foreign agents.... https://t.co/2dKZ27pEPd
Venezuelan elections are mostly sham as country’s President barred real opposition from challenging him but still I don’t know if the real opposition was not barred from contesting the votes then whether... https://t.co/ZMQPaNA1IN
Oil importing countries are doubly-fixed as oil prices are soaring &amp; importing from Iran could become costlier. OPEC may not increase production of oil to bring down prices of black gold. Modi may look towards importing more oil from Russia though such is a costlier process.
India may do it through Russian banks though Ruble is not a global trading currency. India would like to spread the additional cost of importing oil to its friends in Europe and to countries like Canada, Australia and Japan though I don't know how cooperative they would be.
Indian PM Modi may discuss aftermath of US withdrawal from Iranian nuclear deal with Russian President Putin as now American banks and financial institutions and their currency may not be available to do trade with Iran, particularly doing oil imports.
So, by stating that Kim can continue as North Korean leader Trump is threatening Kim and not helping him. Trump should work for verifiable peace instead of verifiable and irreversible full rollback. Psychology just cannot be universal neither human beings are.
Trump needs to understand that for achieving verifiable, irreversible full rollback he would deal with Kim and not with Moon. Even Moon is not in the same league as May, Macron and Merkel are. There are differences among the three Western European leaders as well.
Topic: Trump is repelling Kim; it is largely Bolton’s fault	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 921  	Trump recently said that Kim could continue as the leader of North Korea after the verifiable and... https://t.co/OAVQu6vrce
Shiite leader al-Sadr's party has got most seats in Iraqi Parliamentary elections. It will be interesting to watch how his PM pick, should he decide about next Iraqi PM, deals with US &amp; Iran . I think Iraq's relationship with both US &amp; Iran will improve.
Elections in Venezuela are just customary as its President, Maduro, has barred real opposition from contesting Presidential elections. Lower voter turnout is expected in tomorrow elections. Maduro's contest with US will continue despite of his wish for high economic growth.
But should BJP win the majority somehow the apex court should ask all turncoats to sign affidavit in its presence confirming that they shifted alliance out of conviction and in good faith and not because of money and other tangible favors.
I think SC of India will retain the protem Speaker of Karnataka Assembly though it may give certain ethical instructions to him. I think BJP cannot cobble up the required majority.
And why there is so much gun violence? It is because the distributions on psychological &amp; anthropological levels are so vast and racial differences are so strong that individual and groups do not care about the consequences of their actions and decisions. It's hard to stop this.
The main reasons for so many guns in US are that life is not equally precious to everyone and that not all Americans see their threats the same way neither their responses are homogeneous. Rich will not abandon their guns even if others are ready to do so.
Either put proper checks in place though it would not be sufficient to stop gun violence or continue to die for some hate, terror, psychiatric &amp;individual reason. No President has succeeded in the past in controlling gun violence &amp; thus it would be too much to expect from Trump.
Guns can't go as it is collective individual choice but then United States will continue to see the statistical ramifications of gun ownership. Trump would say something and he will forget it; its not his fault as conservatives don't want to compromise on their right to bear arms
Topic: Can non-American Western nations promulgate laws those that outlaw and overrule American sanctions on their governmental and private hands over their dealings with Iran?	Countries: Possibly the globe... https://t.co/IQoNttalQY
Those who simply believe in simplicity are ignorant &amp; those who are excessively proud of this simplicity without having any basis are arrogant. Among the religious groups Moslems are most ignorant &amp; arrogant, followed by Hindus, followed by Christians, &amp;then by White Christians.
Religion is ego-bruising, self-destroying, illiteracy-enhancing and irrational. To surrender to an authority which does not and cannot exist is like enveloping oneself in hallucination. In modern times to... https://t.co/U1ceAowlzs
President of India has no authority on this though he can fire the Gov if he thinks he is not acting within the diktats of constitution but even his this action would require Cabinet's approval. Only SC can decide on the consequences of Karnataka Gov's decision and its validity.
While the post of Governor is a constitutional post as per Indian constitution but the fact is that it is not like High Courts of India and thus their decisions may not apply to other states whether an individual or institution challenges them or not.
Topic: United States Ambassador to India Kenneth Juster and Trump possibly made events in Karnataka unfold the way they did today	Country: India and United States	words: 1,088 	BJP’s Chief Ministerial... https://t.co/Cdua0y1rcw
Trump paying Cohen 100K is not reimbursement to him for paying 150K to Stormy Daniel but instead it is his fee for transacting with Stormy. The actual sum to Stormy was paid by a third party, possibly by Russian operatives in the US, and Trump may be in deep trouble. So?
Trump administration might have also provided political support for this. You know what is Hindu nationalism? To abuse and challenge US in public &amp; to sit on its lap in private. Poor Shah! Trump should have very sound reason to do so &amp; INC being a dead party may not explain it.
Mind you, INC used to do the same &amp;similar things when it was powerful. India is nude, what I have to do with this? Nothing except the fact that there is a Trump factor in all this. An Indian Minister was there in North Korea yesterday.  Trump has provided legal support to Modi.
India is a nude state. First it proved itself to be a semi-nude by Karnataka's Governor inviting BJP to form the government and proven nude when India's apex court quashed competing INC+JD(S) petition seeking to stop the oath taking ceremony today by BJP's CM candidate.
Topic: Understand Kim, Trump!	Countries: Possibly the entire world	words: 905	I cannot write understand Trump, Kim! But I will write a bit about Trump which can help anyone negotiating with him.	Both... https://t.co/b4lFyRvrd9
Please don't think that I'm generalizing too much as I know meeting is very likely to take place &amp;such will be a success because Kim wants aid, assistance &amp; investment from South Korea &amp; possibly from US but he may be weary of consequences of full rollback &amp;may not agree to this.
The fact is that Trump can't overwhelm Kim by his charm offensive. First he has no charm for Kim and second such people are die-hard macho-man and they are beyond the normal behavior and psychology of Western statesmen. Kim will not yield unless his expectations are fulfilled.
North Korea has cancelled a prearranged high level delegation meeting with South Korea over ongoing military exercise between South and US. I am not surprised neither should be State Department officials as dealing with Kim is not as easy as many in Trump administration think.
In Karnataka BJP has emerged out as the single largest party but with 9 seats short of majority and fate of 2 Assembly seats yet to be decided. So, even if it wins both of them it would be 7 seats short of... https://t.co/1r1N45Tskl
The longevity of a human inhabiting planet depends on the degree of homogeneity; higher the homogeneity longer will be life. But homogeneity can't be achieved through artificial means like providing subsidies, affirmative actions or through legislation. It's biological in nature.
Homogeneity is a thing to relish but then it is result of evolution &amp; as such has a a priori basis. If a planet doesn't have proper homogeneity that will eventually fall into chaotic trap and will have all kinds of problem like demographic, economic &amp; political asymmetries.
Topic: An independent Palestine state is not possible in any foreseeable future	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 576 	Israel doesn’t seem to agree for a Palestine state. Why? It is so because it cannot... https://t.co/vO2Wz3QYm6
I know US Embassy can say that it is AIR which called LoC as international border &amp;not they but I know it is a lame excuse as Indians cannot call it as such without estimating that Juster or Embassy would not object to it. Juster is shameless in diplomatic sense &amp;India knows it.
Today in a news transmission from official Indian Broadcaster AIR's Delhi station I heard the reader calling Line-of-Control (LoC) in Kashmir as international border. Now this is the limit of hypocrisy but cannot come without the tacit support of US Ambassador to India, Juster.
And what if PML(N) fails to form the next government in Islamabad and/or apex court does not pardon him? It is a calculated risk but then all-powerful Pakistani Army can intervene and then I think Sharif will be through and he can become Pakistan's PM.
And what will Sharif get personally? He can be pardoned by Supreme Court once would be newly elected PML(N) government appeals in the apex court. Both Trump administration and Saudi royalty and Muftis would help Sharif.
Trump administration and Saudi royalty would help PML(N) in upcoming general elections to the extent they can &amp; administration's officials would help PML(N) cobble up a working majority in widely expected hung National Assembly in Pakistan. Small religious parties can have role.
Former Pakistani PM and bigwig Nawaz Sharif admitted that Pakistani based terrorists were responsible for carrying out 26/11 Mumbai attacks. Someone should have forced him and he is Trump through Saudi Arabia. And what he has to offer to Sharif's party PML(N)?
In Italy Five Star and the League have decided to form coalition government with PM possibly coming from different party. This shows decline of democracy and demise of institutions in Rome. This is no way to do politics and empower proxies. This is certainly not a good thing.
British law enforcement and internal intelligence agencies are revealing that there are real-time law and order problems in Great Britain and that there are around 4,600 gangs operating in the entire British... https://t.co/XysdOzDHrb
Topic: Whatever is happening in Indonesia shouldn’t surprise the keen observers	Countries: Possibly the entire globe	words: 707 	A family of ISIL suicide bombers attacked 3 Churches in Indonesia on Sunday... https://t.co/YMzNMTZ25L
In fact this is true about entire Trump family. The fact is neither Trump nor rest of his family is generic or even committed Republican. He fought on Republican ticket because he could not have got Democrat ticket and as of now no Independent can win in US.
But those who have high ego, they don't &amp; can't take up others' official roles. Ivanka has grown up in a manner where her dad is her highest ego. I can bet that she is not at all that deeply religious neither that conservative at all which she tries to portray herself as.
Why Ivanka represents her father in certain territories? It is because it is the wish of all Republican Whites supporters of Trump, particularly those of rich and blonde among them. All Republican Whites want to tease entire world and mock at them through Ivanka and Melania.
The Trump administration does not want to legitimatize East Jerusalem as undisputed Palestinian territory and wants it to be a matter of negotiation but has declared West Jerusalem as sovereign Israeli territory not open for negotiation with Arabs.
And why did US chose embassy location which doesn't fall fully inside West Jerusalem? It is because both Netanyahu &amp; Trump administration are  prone to confrontation &amp;are bellicose. They don't mind offending Arab middle classes as long as Arab elites are within manageable limits
Why Trump has not gone up to Israel for inauguration of shifted US Embassy in Jerusalem? Because he wants to keep the event as low-profile as possible to avoid angering Arabs beyond a point and spoiling US relationship with the Arab world because of puritanism.
Lower voter turnout is more likely to favor majority &amp; majority dominated parties than others. I think ethnic &amp; religious minorities voted lesser in relative sense &amp; it is they who are more fed up with consensus government which doesn't check-in corruption &amp; promotes fallibility.
The above along with the security concerns &amp; strict curfew that Iraqi Central government imposed throughout the country &amp; concerns about reconstruction, rehabilitation &amp; Iraqi Kurdistan region could be the reasons for apathy shown by Iraqis towards their political system.
Iraq has consensus form of governance implying there is no effective opposition and all can be part of government in proportion to their strength in Parliament. This can make people feel uneasy about their lawmakers and may make them disconnected with them.
Topic: Stories about Kate’s delivery and Meghan’s upcoming marriage	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 954 	Up to 90’s of the last century Earth’s scientists used to think that probability of finding alien... https://t.co/fuJh4oEKZX
What if Whites &amp; Blacks continuously beget? They'll both loose their color &amp; earth's most productive race will be finished. So, now due to maturity of biological consciousness race has memory, inertia&amp;is mostly irreversible except becoz of foolishness due to polit. diffusiveness.
But to conclude that N. Korea has agreed to give up its nuclear arsenal is generalizing too much. Trump &amp; Kim both are showing skills. Trump that of a businessman who thanks in advance &amp; Kim that of a shrewd dictator who can easily adopt to novice &amp; unique situations.
Kim wants to prove that he is mainstreamer &amp; global statesman sensitive to world's concerns. Sure, N. Korea just can't get aid, assistance &amp; investment from S. Korea &amp; possibly from US with it continuing its testings &amp; it can't keep its arsenal without signing CTBT in principle.
Kim has ordered destruction of two nuclear sites and Trump has thanked him for that. I tell you both are playing with each other and both are playing with other's ego and they are both big. Trump wants to prove that Kim has agreed for full rollback when he hasn't yet.
Such would have taken away growth, better consumers than Blacks &amp; innovative workforce from the globe. The point is evolution doesn't cheat and it is no chance but pure science. Today except for politics and some economic reason Whites &amp; Blacks can't mate &amp; this is good.
And do you understand what would have happened if Whites &amp; Blacks would not have mated? There would be no Brown. So, in Asia and Latin America there wouldn't be any Brown &amp; Hispanic. So, there would almost same # of Whites, no Brown and all other Blacks.
Racism has biological basis. Can you imagine presently Whites &amp; Blacks mating the way they did it some 50,000 years back and later? The answer is no &amp; the real reason is that biological consciousness is not more than 3,500 years old and thus hybridization is unlikely presently.
Topic: Origin of caste and Northern Indian demography 	Countries: India and Nepal	words: 1,054 	Many, many Hindus used to and still many orthodox Hindus think that the caste system is eternal; that Hindus... https://t.co/2u8E9lrrI8
It will be interesting contest to watch. I didn't want to write about Karnataka elections but just tweeting about it casually. So, there is high probability that my assessment may miss the real possibility by a good wide margin.
Still BJP's reach is limited in the South. So, Karnataka may not be swamped by Modi wave as it is there in most parts of present India. But one thing is certain that Hindu nationalism is as bad as pseudo secularism is &amp; both of them harm the interest of India though differently.
Sure, BJP has formed the govt. in Karnataka almost a decade before but if it wins this time it would be bigger and far more symbolic win than the previous one. The fact is that for good or bad Modi has galvanized Hindus and has created a sense of unity among them.
I think regional elections in Karnataka are equally poised between INC &amp; BJP but I think that it would be slight advantage for INC as BJP can still be perceived  as Hindi-Hindu nationalist party. In case of hung Assembly INC is more likely to form the govt. with the help of JD(U)
Kim wouldn't trust his Foreign Minister beyond a level and US administration would also not believe anyone other than Kim himself, It means that Pompeo will have a very busy schedule in East and North East Asia.
I think that venue suggests that meeting will be held in good atmosphere and Trump &amp; Kim will go along, I believe, very well. However, Trump would like to achieve a lot during the meeting as he won't be available for the next summit so easily if Kim doesn't or can't come to US.
Singapore has been chosen as the place for Kim-Trump summit because not only Singapore has diplomatic ties with North Korea but also because Kim would feel comfortable there. From US perspective Singaporean leaders are very pro-American &amp; US has good relation with the country.
Military personnel should've overwhelmingly voted for Abadi's party and I think that his party will emerge out as the single largest party but whether that party will get an absolute majority or not is not known to me but I put my bet on yes with probability of above mean value.
Shiites plus Christians and Yazidis are going to vote for Abadi's party &amp; its similar while Sunni &amp; Kurds will predominantly vote for their parties where they're in significant numbers while where the ethnic identities are in minority they would introspect their casting behavior.
But despite of these almost secular issues the fact is that Iraqis are going to vote more along their ethnic-sectarian line than what they did in previous election. This would hamper the performance and efficacy of would be elected Parliament and that of the next government.
Most of Iraqis will go to poll this Saturday. This is the first elections since the defeat of ISIL in Iraq and thus security, return of refugees back to their home, employment, reconstruction, economy and corruption will be the most important issues for an educated voter.
British govt. followed ethics like an academician when it apologized to a Libyan man for what MI6 did to him &amp; offered compensation of 6 digit but if it came through its judiciary's initiatives then it was fine or else other than being ethical it proves it is excessively stupid
I can go wrong here but I think that primary reason for rivalry between McCain &amp;Trump is that McCain's wife is hotel heiress &amp; Trump family is also in hotel business their professional differences are only secondary. I don't think WH followed ethics when it mimicked Senator death
Topic: The life of Mohammad	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 786 	I forewarn all deeply religious and hypersensitive Moslems that they should not go through it or else their religious sentiments will be... https://t.co/ItBnBVURhC
Topic: United States-Israel combine war against Iran is quite possible	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 819	Trump said that it was not possible to stop Iran from making nuclear bomb while staying-in with... https://t.co/jxj2bMVNMy
So, which path will Kim opt for? I am not sure but it may depend a lot on role of China and how Trump presents his non-proliferation agenda with Kim. I don't think talks, whenever they take place, will fail.
If North Korea does not seek fresh capital inputs then hunger &amp;disease may engulf it which could lead to people's rebellion but if it agrees for full roll back then North Korean rebellion in favor of Kim's regime end &amp; in favor of Korean unification is certain within a decade.
It appears almost certain that Trump will dominate his meeting with Kim and from the position that North Korea is taking it is almost certain that it is in dire need of huge capital inputs. But will Kim agree to fully rollback his country's nuclear weapon program?
Udai is popularly known as Maharana Pratap. The fact is that he lost so miserably to Mogul Akbar that fighting community should be ashamed of him. But then where do defeaters know law and Indian fighters just can never understand them. So, pity Udai and fighters!
Such pride is universal in India; among outcastes and also among non-Hindus, including Moslems. So, the fighting castes which is possibly the worst among the demographic constituents of India is equally crazy about its medieval icon Udai just like outcastes are about Ambedkar.
But Hindu nationalist and even Centrist, socialist leaders forget that India's per capita income is mere 1,500 USD and that their government begs before other countries not only for capital and investments but also for technology, service and production of goods.
For those who know India must be knowing that Hindus have false pride up to the megalomaniac levels. A Hindu nationalist Brahmin leader from UP Joshi said that Hindus have been tolerating dirt for millennia. He was referring to Huns and Islamic invaders coming from Central Asia.
By mistake I've written boxers as boxes. Why have I written Michelle's boxers and not Michelle's pantie is because where do Black females wear pantie and if they do even undergarments would have a regret about this.
He has taken all his personal revenge by pulling out of the deal: from Michelle Obama for doing plagiarism on her, from Iranian Mullah and Ayatollah, from Macron's mom for teaching her husband-son politics and from all non-White females for being dark. White females he loves.
How? You know if someone teaches American Whites a lesson on predator and prey they will not consider where they stand and they'll destroy that part of the globe destroying which does not destroy them. Now it is not a question of if but when &amp; that's why Trump will fuck Iran.
Now Michelle can regret that she can't earn fortune from that oil gift as Trump has forcibly removed her boxes. So, what's this nonsense? Pullout from deal ias a machismo dear and is an act against all non-White females and against all Moslems though Sunnis would be quite pleased
But Elizabeth has put a condition: all female receiver of her charity should be shameful. But look at what Trump did to all females? He made-them all nude; at least Democrat ones and at least all non-Whites among them by pulling United States out of Iranian nuclear deal.
Michelle Obama was expecting a gift from Elizabeth on Meghan's marriage: a big metal cannister full of rural mustard oil which she would use to cook traditional Indian dishes. She was very much encouraged by incompetent &amp; almost slavish Melania Trump who copied her once again
But like all other political groupings in the globe Republicans are becoming herd and they're prone to aping. This is ridiculous &amp; rubbish &amp; self-humiliating. Please don't think that I'm well wisher of Republicans; I am just explaining an observation &amp; have no sympathy for them.
But for most of his core supporters he can't make them happy by his probable decision on Iran nuclear deal. The fact is that it is ego-bruising and anti-evolutionary and  anti-modern for Republicans to support a President even if he does not come true to their expectations.
Right now the primary aim of Republican supporters is to support Trump against an invasive media, hostile opinion against him in most parts of the globe &amp; resurgent Democrats. But I tell you if they do this they'll violate their own rule and will spoil party chances in elections.
So, how will Trump's core supporters react if Trump doesn't do exactly what most of them want him to do about Iran nuclear deal. They'll continue to support him as a group though there'll be some dissenting tones with hush voices. I think Republicans are aping others.
How would Iran react? If Trump is successful in imposing sanctions, Iran and other continuing with the agreement while benefits to Iran are reduced I think it would be Trump's partial victory but still it would be a an effort far short of his promise to scrap the deal altogether.
So, what'll be the consequences of this half-baked approach? It depends on what legal options are available to European and other countries who signed the deal with Iran. If by any legal paperwork they could scuttle Trump's initiatives they would.
I think Trump is neither going to give a final blow to Iran nuclear deal neither is he in any mood to keep it alive. So, he may follow the path of partial withdrawal and may reintroduce sanctions against Iran. Whatever he'll do he'll be guided by Republican Congresspersons.
I think people like Giuliani are overenthusiastic and behave like school-goers. However, there is no guarantee that Trump will definitely conditionally recertify the deal on or before May 12. If Congressional Republicans agree than Trump will be more than happy to scrap it.
Fearing a certain loss in Congressional elections Republican Congresspersons may like Trump to take more time to do what is certain and almost inevitable: scrap the deal if Iran doesn't agree to renegotiate on US terms. If House is also on fray then it is the more likely scenario
The more likely scenario is that Trump will consult Republican Congresspersons over Iranian nuclear deal and may leave the matter to them to decide about its final fate. They are going to take more moderate view despite of having initial serious reservations about the deal.
Topic: Trump is at the best casual on Iran; at the worst he proves himself to be naïve	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 846 	Trump administration summarily has come out with three main objections to Iran... https://t.co/XnDGX2yu0U
A British watchdog has concluded that Britain will face problem in hospitality sectors if post-Brexit EU workers aren't allowed to work as freely as today. If correct this should be outstanding conclusion as hospitality sector employ roughly 3 m people and is hugely contributing.
Russia may achieve satisfactory economic progress but technological advances in the West will dwarf it. As much as I understand Russians will behave more solipsistic and will converge more towards Westerners and thus it would be difficult for Putin to bait them with statist joy.
Putin is inaugurating his fourth term as President Of Russia with a bang on Syria but he is going to face more difficulty in his this term compared to his previous term as he'll face a more united West unless its party is spoiled by Trump to favor Moscow and him.
The fact is that posts of President, Prime Minister and Speaker of the Parliament are reserved for particular identities and in this elections at least in certain areas there was provision for proportionate representation and this could make election process boring.
Lebanon Parliamentary elections have seen people voting less than 50% of the eligible electorates. This is slightly lower than the percentage of voters who cast their ballots last time. If this trend is general, which I doubt myself, then I can easily explain it.
And what if a good numbers of Tunisians prefer Islamic politics then? Sure, it would depend on the statistics but also on the choices offered by competing secular and Islamist parties to the voters.
It is so because if secular parties fail then Islamist parties would takeover &amp;whatever little reforms that Tunisia has taken since Jasmine revolution could be reversed. But then secular parties can't win by default &amp; they need to have a tight grip on what voters expect from them
In Tunisia Islamist Ennahda party has claimed victory in local bodies elections. This shouldn't serve as a great surprise or anomaly to any one as local elections are fought on different issues but sure this could serve as a warning to secular parties.
Topic: A watch on the Middle East	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 751 	Lebanon: Lebanese are choosing their new Parliament after the gap of 9 years. Since in some of the areas at least there is... https://t.co/y4UisfotrN
Other than US no nation can be effective. However, US administrations since George W Bush have put Kashmir dispute into back-burner and have treated Pakistan almost as non-entity though Pakistan received a lot of money from US in return for 'cooperating' in war on terror.
If they have asymmetric missile &amp; nuclear capabilities or if either or both of them don't have them then eruption of conventional wars &amp; in case of only a nation having nuclear weapons then a nuclear war could lead to huge instability. In case of null capability war is imminent.
If both India and Pakistan have symmetric nuclear weapon and missile capabilities then the dispute is manageable due to mutually assured destruction (MAD) doctrine and this could provide quasi-stability in the region and around for some time.
And Centrist parties cannot agree to the conditions of political parties of other nations as this could prove politically fatal to them. Thus, hands of all major parties of India; BJP &amp; INC &amp; those of Pakistan; PML(N) &amp; PPP are tied &amp; they can't talk about revolutionary politics.
Pakistan won't agree to Indian demand &amp; India won't agree to Pakistani demand as both demands are politically unsustainable in other countries. Right parties cannot agree to accept those conditions which will inevitably lead to their loss at the hands of Center&amp;Center-Left party
Kashmir dispute between India and Pakistan is intractable. India wants de facto border between India and Pakistan to become de jure. Pakistan considers Kashmir to be disputed and demands holding a referendum throughout the two Kashmir to decide about its final status.
But the proliferation of political parties is a sad comment on the health of politics of European nations. It will divide people and nations. Ideally there should be two political parties in the West but more than three means governing nation is more difficult than otherwise.
This is due to a fact that due to external factors or domestic taboos or due to combination of the two the mainstream political parties can't take up all issues concerning the public &amp; if they do so at all they can't do so effectively &amp; vociferously. Public feel cheated by this.
As it appears clear that in European countries the importance of small political parties is gaining ground. They may not be that effective in winning Parliamentary and regional bodies elections but they are effective in local body elections and in raising voice of the people.
As such furor in France is mostly unwanted and should be avoided. But sure, in an ideal society wishing or desiring achievable absolute peace no citizen should have guns. However, the military of such society should be very powerful. As such there is none on earth.
But then Trump is factually correct that if right people had guns the particular crime as it happened in Paris in 2015 could have been avoided; only thing is that he communicated it in a very bad way &amp; as is the case he added avoidable unnecessary fat to give weight to his say.
But definitely France &amp; other European countries are not like US &amp; their respective Constitutions don't allow their public rights to bear concealed weapons. I think no US President has the right to question the Constitution of an ally; not even laws made by its legislative body.
There is some legitimacy in non-Black Americans possessing guns due to crime situation in US. I don't know Darwinism but according to its extended application  more the police more will be thieves and it implies more the guns more will be crimes. I am not sure about this.
There is uproar in French elite political circles after Trump suggested that Paris 2015 attacks could have been avoided if right people had gun at that moment. Both Trump and Pence and, in fact, his almost entire administration are gun right supporters.
So, the world is slowly becoming Hindu in that all are prone to worship their deity. So, Indian Hindus are idolators but even Tory and Republican Whites appear to worship historical idols. Oh, ego, you seem to loose a lot and earth is slowly becoming a prostitute planet.
Anyway Indian outcastes do not have ego is well known &amp; so is the case with Blacks but strangely due to squeamish behavior even Tory &amp; Democrat Whites appear to be having low ego. Republican Whites are also behaving slavishly towards Trump &amp; his family and they also show low  ego
But they forget that Harry has gone after her Labor mother Diana who was very, very libidinous and her unsatisfied libido was the main reason as to why she divorced Charles and thus Harry is genetically and psychologically different from the maxima that Blacks can ever have.
So, in India outcastes are very happy with Meghan's marriage as are almost all Blacks on earth &amp; they feel that one of them is going to become a British royal. In fact all Blacks will forget what colonial Britain did to them but will remember a Black's marriage with tiny Harry.
The point is that this outcastes' opinion is agreed upon by Tory Whites &amp; Democrat Whites &amp; all caste Hindus as well and Tory's argument is that entire humanity is born out of incest &amp; bastards so they've no problem with Tudors. Many other European Whites also share this.
If one tell Indian outcastes that Tudor family was founded by a bastard and a cobbler and that present head of family has two bastard children with Church of England they'll say that their Queen is supreme and that she is sovereign and so she can do anything she wishes so.
The fact is that Brahmins have some nascent ego and that is why they're worried about self as well but Indian outcastes don't have ego historically and that is why they're worried about reputation of Brahmins, Tudors, Nehru-Gandhi family, Democrat Whites and Indian expatriates.
Problem with Indian outcastes is that they're more worried about protecting world order than what Brahmins are. Their urge to contain disproportion, asymmetry and wish to bring everything to nihilistic equilibrium is as strong as that of Brahmins.
Topic: What will Kim offer to the outside world?	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 693 	The fact is that Kim has tacitly almost admitted that he and his people require capital and technology inputs from... https://t.co/Gv6tqh9NWI
I predict that Trump will most likely announce the place and date of meeting by 22 May with my opinion is that window is very short: from 21 to 22 May as he will wait for stars to fall from heaven on Meghan's marriage with a pity boy named Harry. I can go wrong on date though.
If that event doesn't take place then it'll give a blow to Trump &amp; Kim can have a fair control of few things that he would like to discuss with Trump or else Trump would like to keep talks restricted to irreversible, verifiable denuclearization in return for capital few inputs.
He is expecting a celestial events to pass by and such a event will not be predicted by NASA but by Pentagon that too at the level of Dunford. The happening and unhappening of that event will decide venue and date of his proposed meeting with Kim.
Don't worry Trump will meet Kim either by early June or by June end. The fact is that if he details out the meeting it will give publicity to all three: Kim, Moon and Trump. So, why Trump is not declaring venue and date for the meeting? It is because Trump is deeply religious.
So, what do they want? That Trump should react racially and in a biased way towards Blacks and Moslems and for few possibly towards other non-Whites. That he should stand for White nationalism and egoism. Trump completely fits into such a mold unlike any other Republican leader.
So, even though Trump is facing deep troubles the fact is that he's relatively well placed due to apparent blind support by his core supporters. The fact is that Republicans are solipsistic and egoistic but they're not opposing Trump because they see themselves in Trump.
Even Republican dissenters of Trump are quite or else they may fear loosing out definitely in November Congressional elections due to his supporters getting annoyed. Democrats cannot try impeaching him before elections as this could fail and may act against them in 2020 elections
Many among them must be cursing themselves, many may be feeling disgusted, few may be considering themselves as hypocrites but they'll still support Trump &amp; rest who must be the dominant majority support him anyway. It is the continued support that bothers his opponents &amp; critics
Though I have no information but I strongly believe that Trump's core base is intact despite of Stormy's fiasco. I tell you unless met by their superiors biggest are biggest &amp; Republicans are richest and Whitest voters in the globe but at present even they're behaving slavishly.
UAE military has put its boots in remote Yemeni island of Socotra. Many analysts are calling it as an act of aggression aimed at boosting UAE military presence in the region, controlling or minimally... https://t.co/PwQXT1zSz9
As after Trump's admission that he indirectly paid for Stormy makes him a potential accused in Stormy's defamation case while if Mueller's teams gets to know that Russian operatives paid indirectly to Stormy then Trump gets caught in wider case &amp; can be impeached for breaking law
Trump didn't reimburse Cohen for Stormy's payment as Giuliani is saying. In fact, in my opinion, a third party, possibly Russian operatives operating in US, paid for Trump. Giuliani is just saving his friend from Muller's investigation.
Topic: Can India really have 20 AIIMS?	Country: India	words: 759 	Since Vajpayee became Prime Minister of India in 1998 he started habit of multiplying India’s premium institutions in medical, engineering... https://t.co/xE2vAiRdim
Trump is right when he says that many people in US &amp; around the globe haven't accepted the verdict of 2016 Prez. elections. Mind you, Trump presidency is undisputed and irreversible as Justice Roberts delivered oath to him in full public and media view but he can be impeached
If Mueller issues any subpoena to Trump, Trump will have to accept it or else matter will go to Supreme Court where Trump will loose the battle  without Justices casting their votes. In a vote he'll certainly loose. But then US media is over-projecting the darker side of Trump.
Trump is not imperial President as liberal media blames him to be or else course of events in US and around the globe would have taken different shape. But then he takes presidency to be far more personal than any of his predecessors did when they were in the office.
Usually I am not that acrobatic but in this case I too have become playing ping pong. I feel disgusted at myself for changing my tweets so frequently about it. One thing that I've always maintained is this that Nikol has people's power w/d him. Armenia for me is a banana Republic
Within a duration of few hours things are changing dramatically there. I am sure that Putin &amp; Trump call shots there but I wonder what kind of lawmakers Armenian lawmakers are; so fickle, so transient and so dependent on outsiders to decide what they should do about the crisis.
In a daily sea-saw game between the opposition and government in Armenia two things are almost certain: first that Nikol Pashinyan will be the PM whether snap elections are called-in or not and second that very few in Armenia appear to remember what happened a few hours back.
The fact is that as long as Sunni extremism is there in Islamic and Moslem-dominated world &amp; hatred for West &amp; for democracy ISIL has potent breeding ground. These reactions can be contained if a nation grows economically but then it will be necessary condition &amp; not sufficient.
ISIL has attacked election commission office in Libya killing at least 16 people. These are attacks similar to those in Afghanistan and can be carried out in other places rather easily, including in Iraq and Syria. This hints that ISIL is potent and has just finished as a state.
If FBI special prosecutor probing 2016 Presidential election’s Russia collusion Robert Mueller successfully interrogates Trump then it will be very embarrassing and politically risky for both Trump and rest... https://t.co/EVOEJUYLow
The fact is that Putin has shown his intentions with almost a walkover by US. The fact is that whenever elections are held Nikol's party is almost certain to win. So, he'll have powers &amp; he can forward his reform agenda but then Putin &amp;Trump can be spoilsports; many have failed.
The only way out to end the political crisis in Armenia is to call snap elections. The fact is that Nikol Pashinyan's party does not have a majority but equally a large section of people are with him. Sure, the Parliament is not bound to follow the call of conscience but still.
For those on earth who understand capitalism must be knowing that United States is not an ideal capitalist society as per earth’s standards and thus no nation is. United States is not a capital surplus as... https://t.co/UoVkdc0uZ6
Dear Armenians, you are not as free as you may think. The fact is that Trump and Putin will segment and such will control your reform movement. You may return back to old system where rights abuse was normal. Both Trump and Putin wants so in Armenia.
The fact is in the elections Republicans of Armenia will have landslide victory &amp; he is Nikol who will be Armenia's PM after the elections but Putin has told Nikol his fate--don't reform so much &amp; Nikol will eventually agree as Trump will not support him. It'masterstroke by Putin
Russia has blocked Nikol Pashinyan's appointment as Armenia PM. It is Putin's personal decision and he was banking on happening of a certain event just like his friend Trump does everyday but it will not. For Putin he can tame Nikol if and when he comes to power.
So, for all religious people and atheists alike there is one song sung by Boyzone that fits: 'No matter what they tell us; no matter what they do; no matter what they teach us; what we believe is true'. You know all have irreversible inertia; only thing is that Hindus have higher
So, Hindus are crazy people? Yes, but so are Christians as they would scoff at a person explaining that Jesus was son of Joseph and that he didn't die on cross but was murdered by his brother by a knife. Moslems too have wonderful story about Mohammad and I'll tell real one day.
Hindus celebrate the day with offering sweetened gram flour droplets and sweetened spheroid rolls to the deity at temples and then taking them themselves. Many better-off among them host community kitchen and offer free food to the visitors at the tripole.
Today Hindus of Lucknow are celebrating anniversary of mythological story in Ramayana whereby its ape-god Hanuman rested in Lucknow for a while, while searching for panecea herb in Himalaya for unconscious Laxman (epic's hero Rama's brother after whom city is named) in Sri Lanka
Hindus, at least of North, have a very effective defense mechanism against criticism of Hinduism and against its own inertia and that is to celebrate and enjoy their festivals and fasting. Today is one such day in Lucknow; the city in which I live.
And you know what the al-Jazeera reporter was saying? She was saying that Trump may react to news! It tells at the mental bankruptcy of Whites! Wait a minute BBC and al-Jazeera English have cross-shareholdings and it is obviously BBC which dominates in this relationship. Oops!
Trump send Pompeo to the Middle East to garner support back home at Capitol Hill and that is why Netanyahu gave that press conference as he may have some solid support among American Congresspersons. Trump is very clever and knows it very well how to advertise a product.
So, why did Pompeo visit Middle East? To garner world support, particularly from Israel and Saudi Arabia, against Iran to drop out of the nuclear agreement? No, you know Trump is like a person who would not care about even his ally Netanyahu leave alone Salman and Abdullah.
Whatever proofs Netanyahu was providing yesterday were not solely gathered by Mossad and its sister organizations but some should be jointly gathered with CIA and possibly MI6 and many were provided to Israelis by CIA alone! Don't trust me? Have patience as I explain.
Trump is likely to give Nigeria all necessary arms and possible military assistance to fight Boko Haram but he is likely to disappoint Buhari on his demand to confiscate and legally return the stashed money deposited in American banks by corrupt Nigerian government officials.
Topic: By appointing Sajid as her new Home Secretary May proves that she is politically as naïve as Stephen was	Countries: Western ones	words: 623 	Before I argue about May’s decision about Sajid let me tell... https://t.co/LidWUNF5H4
But such a procedure or executive action would definitely require passage of appropriate laws by Capitol Hill, Senates of concerned states, and approval by Federal Supreme Court.The Mexican government and its Supreme Court should be properly informed about it.
US should create a buffer zone of at least a kilometer at its borders with Mexico to dissuade and frustrate potential asylum seekers as within that zone no asylum claims would be legal and authorities should arrest them and deport them back before they cross that zone .
For Indians a failure of meeting between the leaders of the two nations is such a horrible and depressing experience that it should not be reported proportionately.
But I'm sure that Indian media should've covered meeting as successful . It is so because Indians see nascent dreams about China. For Indians, China is an Asian ally despite of border disputes whereas for China, India is at the best a competitor even if border dispute is resolved
I don't know for sure whether Modi-Xi meeting helped in reducing border tensions between India &amp; China &amp; whether some progress can be made in resolving border dispute between 2 nations as I didn't receive Sunday's newspaper &amp; AIR blocked news till 2 pm on Sat &amp; next day as well.
From Blonde White Amber Rudd to bald ordinary Sajid Javid as BHS! What a nauseating experience Britain &amp; rest of the globe is going to have. Oh Meghan, how costly and equally dear you're to Britain! May proves herself a naive and further propels chances of Tories' defeat in 2022
Still Hindus won't be slave in those countries where they immigrate to. It may not be impossible but difficult to try making them slave. That is why Islamic rulers didn't rely on them &amp; even British elites were conservatives to give Hindus those position where they could cheat.
I know that modern Hindus have great wish to migrate to European countries once considered religiously prohibitive &amp;they successfully do so. Hindus are taken in so many numbers as they do right now because they are considered pliant and unobtrusive to dominant classes' dominance
The root of such resistance lies in the caste system; so foolish &amp; baseless in its origin but so magnificent &amp; graceful in its effect. The caste system is so universal in India that not even rear castes who are resident of India won't like to become slave of a rich White American
Hindus were subjugated for almost a millennia, first by Moslems &amp; then by Britishers. But they could never be slave even during medieval period &amp; British rule; a Hindu can be bastard, serf, even twice-grilled but is very unlikely, almost impossible, to be slave of a non-Hindu.
Simmi was shown to be an extraterrestrial nymph. I won't pass comment on this but would say that Buddhism relative softness on females &amp; no Buddhist present state being a military power is no chance. Buddhism is mostly a religion of outcastes in India and thus they can't get it.
As per Indian Buddhist belief Buddhism founder Siddhartha was born today. I saw a photo of Shashi Kapoor folding hands in front of naked and shaved Simmi Greval in film titled as 'Siddhartha' directed by then British White wife of Shashi, Jennifer.
Inferring from widespread support he garners in Armenia it is highly likely that Armenian Parliament will vote for opposition leader Nikol Pashinyan as acting Prime Minister of the country. He is almost certain to win the Armenian general elections if held in free &amp; fair manner.
BHS Rudd has resigned after British lawmakers accused her to be misleading them on windrush generation attempted deportation. If she lied then this is perfectly normal as even Indian Minister would have resigned under similar circumstances. But in reality she was protecting May.
I can bet that Koran is a book on law despite of sermon by Mohammad to his followers to be extremely religious and despite of his sermon on daily, monthly, annually and lifetime duties for faithful.
But it is Shariah; the book on divine laws, whose diktat on economy, particularly regarding direction to Moslems to not earn usury from usury and similar laws which has taken away potential from the followers. As a matter of fact divine law should not consider laws on economy.
Saudis cannot think beyond or without Mohammad. Their religious orthodoxy is well known to all on earth who know Saudi Arabia. Mohammad made Moslems extremely religious with Saudis among them the highest.
Topic: United States should not be over-obsessed with Iran	Countries: Islamic and Western ones	words: 868 	Pompeo was in Saudi Arabia a few hours back and there he said all what Riyadh wanted to listen to.... https://t.co/TiXnAfmxfg
A team of UN officials is visiting displaced Rohingya camps set up in Bangladesh. Tomorrow the team will meet Suu Kyi. I wonder if domestic constraints and her relationship with military will permit her to accommodate UN concerns and offer Rohingyas a fair treatment in Myanmar.
Point is US should declare a vision but such would require proper policy on Palestine which is right now a dream come true. While accepting to some extent Sunnis' point of view on Islam US should focus its attention on forging a firmer alliance with many willing Sunni nations.
The point is that US can never win the support of any major Shiite nations though the same cannot be said about Shiite people. So, it should focus its attention on Sunni nations while keeping a close strategic and economic relations with Israel. It's a tricky and requires skill.
Pompeo said in Riyadh all that Saudis wanted to listen about Iran. He'll have a strong backing from many Sunni players of the region &amp; Israel over Iran's destabilizing activities but the point is can he unite Sunni nations under the leadership of US without it becoming sectarian?
And that is not social &amp; political reforms either but to seek Sunni nations' alliance with US to the maximum extent possible. US should provide all what it can to whosoever  it can. If successful this could cut down the size of many global players competing with US in the region
The fact is that if Saudi Arabia provides any latent support to ISIL's activities US shouldn't mind it. Neither it can stop Saudi Arabia exporting radical jihad to the outside world as this could be one of its key foreign policy objectives. So, SOS should seek what is practical.
However, Trump might like to balance Sunni nations by asking them to do more to eradicate threats emanating from ISIL &amp; other Sunni militant orgs. Now this may not be the right thing to do as US should continue its efforts to defeat Sunni extremism without Sunnis' interference.
US SOS Pompeo is in his first official visit to the Middle East and he is going to discuss Iranian ballistic activities with the leaders of Saudi Arabia and Israel. The fact is that Iranian nuclear deal will be scrapped by Trump if not in May then possibly by early next year.
However, Spanish authorities can ask Justice Department to review the case and reconsider the judgment as so many people are angry with the court's decision.
Mind you, Catalans separatists violated the 'spirit' of the Spanish Constitution and not it itself if Spanish laws are interpreted by Western standards. But at the same if Spanish authorities do not seek any punitive actions then Catalonia will eventually secede from Spain.
Sure, it may appear I shooting from hip. I think that Spanish judicial authorities want to dilute Westernism from their penal code as it can help them fight secessionists &amp; secession in Catalonia province properly for which they have almost full support of non-Catalans in Spain.
The fact is that she didn't seduce rapists but just allowed it to happen as it might have physically not possible for her to oppose. She didn't enjoy. So, accused should be convicted on charges of rape. Why the court did it I am not so sure but I can offer an alt. explanation.
As per Western laws any sex by a gender without the prior consent of the opposite or same gender is a rape. Spanish court's decision to convict 5 men on charges of sexual assault, when in reality she was raped, is fundamentally wrong and is denial of justice to the victim.
If my guess is found out to be correct whose probability I keep high for myself then Trump will prove himself to be what he is--almost naive in international politics and in foreign relations. If Trump is begging Kim then he will pay for this apparent cooperation. Poor Trump!
If North Korea has significant nuclear and missile capabilities, which I can doubt, then Trump is almost begging Kim to appear cooperating on denuclearization of Korean Peninsula to prove to his core &amp; potential constituencies that he is a global statesman whom they can trust.
Trump has admitted that his lawyer, Michael Cohen, handled an undisclosed deal with Stormy Daniel. He has also accepted that former FBI’s Director James Comey’s charge that he spent a night in Moscow during... https://t.co/UwwDk2r5IH
Trump, I suppose, will delay scrapping the nuclear deal for some political benefits. So, it will be post-Senatorial elections &amp; most probably before the next re-certification last day after January 19. I think Republicans won't enter into fray without scrapping the deal in 2020.
The answer is emphatic no. Frankly speaking, Trump is not that politically suave to teach Merkel &amp; Macron on their respective domestic constituencies. But neither are they &amp; even if a US President were so intelligent they'll not take such advice from him or her.
Trump may be wrong on Iran nuclear deal but he &amp; other Republicans will care more about their political constituencies &amp; not what French &amp; German leaders think about them. Will they take any advice from Trump on how to nurture their respective constituencies in France &amp; Germany?
I remember a Montessori song for babies: 'Good neighbors come in all color; black and yellow and tan; our outside may look different; but we all belong to the family of men'. Fine, what a defense mechanism and what a clever way of continuing the past by seeking apology.
But the fact is that despite of Europe-influenced centrism British people have remained racist; only thing is they've become cleverer in controlling their racist expressions. It tells at that in psychology Freud defense mechanism and its counter are not a well established theory.
British centrism is a political defense mechanism &amp; a reaction towards end of British colonialism &amp; beginning of overt US hegemony. The fact is that Britain had to be ally of US &amp; it needed to keep a good part of the globe under its influence &amp; that's why it opted for centrism.
British Centrism, fine, but it is inter-twinned with overt blackness as it is in reaction to American bipartisan rightist attitude. Such Centrist beliefs are erroneous and arbitrary and in the end are self-defeating and self-harming.
The point is that with Meghan's marriage Britain is celebrating its Centrism; liberal conservatism laced with overt leftism where even many conservatives support gay causes. Sure, quantitatively it harms American conservatives but so is the case with British conservatives.
A linear thinking would suggest that higher the publicity Meghan's marriage attracts in media better it for Britain and worse it is for American conservatives. It may be true quantitatively but not qualitatively as in higher circles Britain proves itself to be a bigger fool.
They forget that Meghan is of mixed race, is a divorcee and is older than Harry. The reason for this is that since Meghan comes from Hollywood and is American thus her marriage attracts a lot of media attention, more than that of William and Kate.
British conservatives and liberals are so happy about Meghan's marriage with Harry that they forget that Tudor family rules were bent for 'some' purpose with the help of Church of England and this should be no surprise as Elizabeth is their beloved since her young age.
The fact is that Trump accepted on this 26 that his lawyer did sign a deal with Stormy so why the judge has ordered such a vague judgment? Or is it a case of segmentation between Republicans and Democrats for that duration? What's the matter? US may be undergoing a strange phase!
A Californian judge has ordered postponement of Stormy Daniel case against Michael Cohen for 90 days saying that undoing attorney client privilege violates his constitutional rights. Won't Cohen's rights not be violated after 90 days or is he going to die within that duration?
So, why will Kim assure the world about South Korean &amp;Japanese security? It is that that North will seek aid, assistance &amp; investment from South Korea and if possible from US but not from Japan. Kim is smarter and more intelligent than assessed by Western intelligence agencies.
He will tell Trump that his military will take all necessary steps to prove to US and rest of the world that North will not attack South neither Japan but he will not opt for denuclearization even if US is ready to pull out its nuclear assets out of the Korean Peninsula in return
Moon has legitimized Kim. Kim wants to meet Trump &amp; he will succeed. If North Korea has nuclear weapons Kim will not opt for denuclearization &amp; he is not going to opt for reunification with South Korea either. During his meeting with Trump he'll have frank discussions with him.
Modi is going to meet Xi tomorrow in China. The meeting and the dates of it have been requested by Modi. Trump has a hand which probably Indian foreign office mandarins will not agree. But despite all this... https://t.co/NgHGK8g3A4
Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell in a tweet tweeted that in the Senate 88 Cloture votes were put in against Trump nominee in his first 2 years while only 24 such votes were put in for previous 6... https://t.co/fthkEKOnmJ
It's true non-Whites have not those many things in their stride so much so that Whites change their opinion about race and color. Most of their primary claims are in reality derivative. But sure windrush generation has full right to be in Britain as per British and int'l laws.
Westminster is unnecessarily baying for the blood of May &amp; Rudd. The fact is that most of the Whites are racist though many of them don't express their feelings in public because of constraints of national &amp; global politics. Why blame May and Rudd &amp; why even blame Britain alone?
Somehow if he avoids getting impeached and is able to run for presidency in 2020 and wins then Comey's book will be a key factor in his win though the same book can lead to his impeachment as well. Trump can win 2020 if a majority of voters react in his support.
So, in the end it is not a moral &amp; clinical issues those that bother Trump but rather his behavior &amp; the way he deals with the governmental issues. The fact is that he is not up to the mark in seriousness and professionalism but then he rallies the support fans higher than Obama.
Trump is definitely not a person of clinical interest and just can never be a psychiatric patient. So, he is clinically fit to be US President. But ethically and in behavioral sense his conduct may be in question as the way he deal with governmental issues is surely questionable.
James Comey, former FBI Director who was fired by Trump. in recent interview said that Trump is mentally fit but morally unfit to be President. I tell you, presidency does not have moral claim and US President is not a moral authority. But it's indeed a question about ethics.
Before Moon starts his summit meeting with Kim at DMZ he should understand few things properly. North Korean television announced that it stands for universal non-proliferation of nuclear weapons and thus it... https://t.co/mV4t96Xich
But Trump can have domestic reason to postpone deal scrapping as if he does so then Republicans will certainly loose Senatorial elections. Sure, continuing it for some time doesn't mean that Republicans will win the elections as Democrats are favorite to retake Senate from them.
Trump as a businessman knows that Iran will not accept all conditions posed by Trump administration &amp; Rouhani just cannot accept all of them as he knows that Republicans want to defeat Iranian mullahs, particularly Ayotollah, even if Iran doesn't pose security risks to the West
Macron has thrown a very enticing dice and Trump is expected to take it and play the game further. I think that Trump, for whatever reason, including for the perverted reason of renegotiating Iran nuclear deal, will extend the deadline to scrap it on or before May 12 this year.
Armenian Prime Minister Serzh Sargsyan has resigned following widespread protests involving hundreds of thousands of people in a tiny country of less than 3 million. The final blow to Serzh came when unarmed... https://t.co/fxMyABlxvC
The fact is that both Tories are Democrats are closer towards Center and Jews usually prefer a moderate stand when it comes to politics. As such Republicans are absolute Right and Labour are more away from Center towards Left than what Tories are towards Right away from Center.
British Labour leader Corbyn has been criticized for his party becoming anti-Semitic under his leadership. The fact is that Jewish voters in Britain nowadays prefer Tories but in US they usually prefer Democrats over Republicans. Class &amp; distance from Center decide their votes.
10 people were injured in a clash between locals and migrants seeking asylum in Europe in the Greek city of Lesbos. I think liberals in Europe prove themselves to be a fool and they also prove that they don't understand state. Such clashes will be recurring time and again.
So, what’s the difference between William and Harry? Nothing as both are children of same parents but one will become King of Britain and second one will live under his shadow. But that is not the whole... https://t.co/xwgCXz8GgS
But then INC has good legal experts &amp; it cannot keep a perverted view about a case involving India's highest Justice when it could be politically suicidal and even daring when mishandled. So, for some reasons INC certainly wants to loose out to BJP. Why should VP Naidu worry?
INC has decided to challenge VP's decision in SC but is certain to loose out as in this time of latent political and social upheavals in India it will not find any favor from SC when under normal circumstances SC takes lax views about politicians &amp; their patronages &amp; dependents.
The fact is that CJI cannot be impeached for misbehavior as this charge is not serious enough to seek his removal through political process. But then the motion cannot be rejected in such a short period of duration as that would require great deliberation. So, it was predecided.
Indian VP Naidu's decision to reject INC-led 7 opposition parties' motion to impeach CJI Misra in the Upper House of Parliament is almost as politically motivated as the attempted motion itself was. But then for the obvious reasons he is a lesser guilty.
Topic: I am sure that Trump shares authority with Congressional Republican leaders over deciding the fate of Iranian nuclear deal	Countries: Possibly the entire globe	words: 585 	Since the deal with Iran was... https://t.co/6rLlJdsiAu
Macron is going to meet Trump in the White House later today. They differ on host of issues, like, on Iran nuclear deal, climate change, Syria etc. Nevertheless they're good friends as well. But should both remain honest to themselves then their friendship could be in danger.
2015 Paris attack's sole survivor who also carried out attack in Brussels in 2016 has been given 20 years' sentencing by a Brussels court for Brussels attack. The punishment is very harsh as it was only for attempted murder but then it was what the convict truly deserved.
Topic: Kim-Moon meeting will not be unsuccessful as Kim seeks a follow up meeting with Trump 	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 906 	Kim and Moon are going to meet at demilitarized zone (DMZ) along the... https://t.co/JmrazEj7Zw
I think that in the end it will be compromise by both sides with protesters calling off their agitation in return for government easing down on them &amp; Parliament agreeing to reconsider vote on constitutional amendment. In the end news will be gone off the global channel newsrooms
So, Russia will call shots &amp; if it asks Armenian PM to talk tough with protesters, who are demanding curbs on increased power of PM, then he will have no other option. I think on his own PM would like to compromise but actual stand that he will take will be dictated by Moscow.
The Armenian authorities arrested the leader of protesters soon after talks between PM and him started. I think steps taken by Armenian lawmakers are in direct response to pro-Western leader winning elections in Montenegro. The fact is that PM is very pro-Russian.
There will be power struggle between Ghani and Abdullah &amp; there can be other Presidential hopefuls. That fight would come to public &amp; such would be destabilizing and disheartening for the election process. US should neither have any choice nor should force its choice on public.
In all likelihood they will be conducted peacefully though many civilian and Afghan forces' lives will be lost in pre-election terrorist attacks. But then voter turnout also matters and if ISIL and other Islamist have strong base in rural Afghanistan then I think it will be low.
ISIL has taken responsibility for two attacks today near voters' registration offices in which 54 people were killed. Now such aggression will put a lot of pressure on Afghan &amp; on American troops. It is essential that Afghan elections to be held in Oct are conducted peacefully.
So, Modi-Xi summit can serve as a cushion should Kim-Moon summit fail. Those who know Indo-China region should be knowing that India and China have chronic border and water sharing disputes which date back to almost the inception of two countries in which US can have some stakes.
Many times it becomes difficult to predict Trump but I will take pessimistic possibility more than optimistic one. I think Trump is concluding that if North Korea has nukes which he certainly knows whether it has then it is very difficult to force the country into full rollback.
The fact is that in prearranging meeting between Modi and Xi Trump appears to have a role. But is he overenthusiastic about Kim-Moon summit so that he has arranged another meeting that between Modi and Xi or has he given up on Kim-Moon meet and is working on parallel summit?
Indian and Chinese leaders are going to meet on 27 and 28 April in China. Earlier quoting MEA sources official Indian broadcaster AIR was saying that meeting will take place sometime in June on the sidelines of SCO Summit. Kim and Moon are also meeting on 27 April.
This is what is happening in Nicaragua. It should have taken loans to meet its finances &amp; daily requirements. But the lenders might have put austerity conditions due to which pensions should have been cut. Or is it financial crisis brewing under the carpet &amp; it require healing?
You see all humans universally dream what is best for them at a particular time but then economy follows some laws which are not all based on psychology and anthropology. Many times economic is independent of politics and if wrong choices are made then wrong results will come.
In Armenia current PM and former President is going to meet protesters who are protesting against constitution amendments done in his favor. He will apply some verbal balm but that won't be sufficient. So, I expect some concessions from him and PM authority will be curbed.
Approval by President of India by signing the ordinance will not make matters appear rosier for Indian government. Only thing is that India's Supreme Court is in disarray now but still breach of constitutional limits is an unlawful act &amp; if it be correct then govt must rethink.
This is not because it is unconstitutional to give death penalty but because executives appear to be preying into judiciary's territory as it is only the right of the Supreme Court in India to decide about capital punishment &amp; thus the proposed ordinance is executive overreach.
Indian Cabinet today approved off providing mandatory death sentence to convicted of rape of a girl of 12 year or below, No matter how neat intent of the executives be the fact is that this exec. bill is going to fall into rough water b'coz it violates separation of power redline
Democratic National Committee (DNC) has filed a multimillion USD lawsuit against Trump campaign team, Russian Union government and Wikilleaks organization for hatching conspiracy to tilt the results of 2016... https://t.co/Pxda2HJH5l
I think all events have traces, whether humans have the required knowledge to determine them or not at a particular time. It all depends on the field of professionals and the precision of instruments. So, if OPCW experts cannot find it out may be some other professionals can.
Also, Russia &amp; Syria might have tempered with evidence in addition. But possibly a human body can keep Chlorine in dissolved form for a longer duration than air. Still it is possible to find out whether a chemical attack took place or not; only thing is if OPCW could find out.
There is no news about OPCW inspection team inspecting chemical attack site in Douma near Damascus. It appears more likely that they've started their work but since chlorine is so volatile that it would be difficult to find traces of it at the actual site.
Indian government has asked British government to take action against those who tore down Indian flags while Modi was on a visit to Great Britain. Well, if insult to Union Jack is tolerable in Britain then... https://t.co/3O6qITPCGN
You know what’s the biggest flaw in Indian Prime Minister Modi’s foreign policy? It is that that up to now he has mostly based his foreign policy, particularly related to the West, on Indian expatriates... https://t.co/J4TVYGtuan
Topic: Can meeting between Modi and Abbasi take place in London?	Countries: South Asia, Western, China and Russia	words: 742 	As per Ministry of External Affairs, Government of India, it is highly unlikely... https://t.co/r68kYgHpB0
Let me clarify that I am not talking about taxpayers' money being spent on the entire Tudor family. Tudors are not private monarch who run businesses and thus taxpayers will have to support this institution. I am talking about whether Westminster can have a formal relation wd all
Sorry I have some eyesight problems and that is why there are so many mistakes in typing. They can be anywhere in any tweet that I tweet. Please ignore them.
Why I am talking about Charles is due to a fact that William is very young and cannot command Buckingham fully after Elizabeth. He is almost novice in international relationship and again Elizabeth's early years cannot return back to him as well as it is true about Charles.
And if he shows undue arrogance and non-professionalism and his successor shows them too then Westminster will have no option but to change the monarchy to be just functional and formal and even if it requires approval of public through a referendum it'll succeed.
I think that Elizabeth has that &amp; Charles should have ego not to proclaim that his family has the ability to run Britain. The fact is that Tudors don't have it. Charles is otherwise okay but he doesn't have integrity &amp; commitment of his mother and thus he can't be equal monarch.
Those simple days when Elizabeth used to earn respect throughout at least the Commonwealth by default are over and Charles cannot have her mother's privileges. The world is far more complex and even Britain is run more professionally by more professionals and experts.
Though Elizabeth has yet not declared but I think Charles will succeed him as as monarch is clear from her wish that he succeeds her as the head of the Commonwealth assembly. I think it will be fulfilled without any problem. But then early days of Elizabeth has gone forever.
While Britain has constitutional monarchy and thus an active royal family I don't think simply because Tudors have titles before names they have a formal and official status in Britain's unwritten Constitution and all can have a role in Westminster.
Won't it be breach of trust promised to British public &amp; won't it be violation of international laws &amp;treaties that Britain has with other nations? I think that this is a grey area though I think that at least Charles &amp; possibly Philip give advice to lawmakers, unsolicited too.
Sure, all adult Tudors have titles and Britain is such a fanciful place where probably children of their family can have some titles added to their names. But then can Westminster legally keep a formal and official relationship with all born adult Tudors?
Can Westminster seek advice from all who are born Tudors &amp; are adulst? It can without any problem if it can seek from any British but what it such provision is absent? Britain is Parliamentary democracy &amp; it has formal relationship with British monarch but does it have with all?
Diaz-Canel has told Cuban Parliament that he would continue Castro legacy. I take this statement as a thanksgiving one. The fact is that many Cubans will demand change and if he wants US Congress to lift sanctions on Cuba then he'll have to usher-in political and economic reforms
Miguel Diaz-Canel has become the next President of Cuba after more than 60 years of Castro brothers' rule. I tell you he will be different and more forthcoming towards economic &amp; political reforms because first it's a different time &amp; second because he has no Castro family tag.
Charles will be accepted as the leader of Commonwealth as Elizabeth has wished so. Why? It is because William is nobody and there is no alternative. I don't think that there is a procedure to vote but even in that case he will be the leader of this useful but outdated assembly.
So, even though he claims himself to be centrist he is more inclined towards left and would find it harder to implement his pro-market reform agenda. But as the President of France he will have to do it. So, why not promise that much a President can fulfill. It's true for all.
Macron is slowly finding out that labor unions and activists are not taking his labor reforms nicely and they are protesting about it. As his socialist predecessor found out that there are fewer objective routes available to run an economy than what are politically possible.
However, it represents illiteracy of most educated among them and mass madness of middle classes and poor. This is anesthetic to reason and logic and could backfire at the West. But then they's to sell their theories and products and they can't do so without inducing inflation.
And their game-plan starts with expatriates living in the West and many rich Indians and Chinese. They will inflate and overstate their wealth, capabilities and achievements and this is a very good way for many among them to achieve influence. Not all such claims are fake though.
But then Indians and Chinese dream very big and think that their respective states have ability to do far more than what they claim and it is the unfair, unjust and jealous West which is the hurdle. The West very shrewdly helps spread and sustain such beliefs among many Asians.
Without having military capability and economic one a nation cannot further its interests. So, Indian nationalism is just loud nationalism and almost a fake claim and it is true about Hindu nationalism. The argument of big market helps but only little and is mostly derivative.
The fact is nationalism does spur consumerism but that helps Western interests more than anyone's else. India just like China claims so many things that otherwise do not belong to it but the West allows it to say so and in fact support such claim just to further its interests.
The fact is that Indians just can hardly manufacture any premium product of any worth and this shows that Indians and with them a very good part of humanity do not understand the genesis and theory about nationalism. What they talk is just noise and a very loud one; audible.
So, while Khajuraho temples might be an antithesis to bald Buddhism of time and a challenge to it inscription in the walls of the temples show high caste Hindus doing sex with their goddesses. In that sense it is the criticism of self and a self-portrayal. It's low-end behavior.
He does not spare even billionaire Trump as he believes that he is very pro-Hindu and would protect Hindus because Hindus mockingly consider him to be an incarnation of ape-god Hanuman. In that sense Hindus are indeed very interesting and very strange people.
The fact is that it was not the fault of only two man but it was the theory believed by many in successive Indian administrations. The incumbent PM Modi thinks that US can even violate terms of NPT just because Obama is considered incarnation of Krishna and he that of Radha.
The fact is that even present day Hindus and their family members do not know political science. Former Indian PM Rajiv Gandhi and the so called India's missile man Kalam used to think that US can violate the terms of MTCR just because Rajiv was married to an Italian White female
As believed by many, including by few American scholars, that erotic Hindu-Jain temples of Khajuraho represent sexual acts of Buddhist nuns, act as social anodyne for religious monolithic ideologies and supports the symbolism that Hindus can do what others can't, it is wrong.
Topic: How will Korean Peace Treaty look like?	Countries: Many 	words: 1,109 	Trump has tweeted that present CIA Director and his choice of next Secretary of State Mike Pompeo has met with North Korean... https://t.co/GyyePuooMq
But his son-in-law Jerad and/or his son Donald Jr. may be in trouble and he would be left with no option but to fire Jerad. It would be politically dangerous to pardon Jerad even if he could at that time.
But sure he'll not face any criminal charges because of having sex with Stormy and paying himself to remain quite. But if third party paid on his behalf and those were operatives of the Russian state then he is in danger of potentially facing impeachment which will fail though.
So, it could be Russia through its operatives which paid to Stormy the sum to be quite. If that be the case then Trump is politically naive &amp; after that he didn't workout a deal with her and denied relationship with her so as such he doesn't understand federal laws about privacy.
So, what's the merit in case? Why FBI raided the offices of Cohen? It is because Trump is denying any knowledge of he paying any money to Stormy raising the prospects that the third party was involved and since Mueller is investigating about collusion with Russia, it's serious.
One can say that Trump was a private individual when he had sex with Stormy and it was done with her full consent with no lure or force. Yes! So, that's why nothing can happen to Trump if he looses out to her except politically and financially if he paid the money himself.
So, as it appears, Israel doesn't agree to sit on negotiating table with Palestine officials. So, what should they do? It is foolish to adopt a strategy which is bound to fail so invest in one which has non-zero positive chance to succeed. What's that? Keep patience!
In nutshell Palestine state can be realized by Israel's willful consent provided US supports the cause through its conscious choice in reality. For that a good numbers of US national lawmakers will have to agree and President of that time should be enthusiastic about it.
So, Palestinian strategy of completely rejecting and isolating Israel and US is doomed to fail. The rest of the West and Arab world combined together cannot force Israel to sit on negotiating table with Palestinians because of the international pressure if US doesn't support it.
It would be termed as unnecessary provocation and incitement by its standard when Palestinians in the anticipation of their dream state coming true consider Israel and US as useless and hindrance to their efforts and they loose all their stakes with them and don't realize it.
Israel will risk loosing the membership of United Nations than agreeing to a Palestinian state which is not of its choice if US supports it. So, the rest of the West should rethink about its strategy of forcing an independent and sovereign Palestinian state onto Israel.
Topic: Trump is in deep trouble over Stormy case	Country: United States	words: 919 	The fact is that Trump knows former porn star Stormy Daniels very well and he did have sex with her as she tells it to... https://t.co/DzKpGkmIcS
Please don't think that I am naive. The reversal decision would be followed by a partial censorship or purging on the site. But should it not one needs to interpret that Xi has amended his social agenda and doesn't mind much modern Chinese culture be overtaken by the Western one.
Sina Weibo (Chinese ~ of twitter) has reversed its decision to ban gay content from its site. Why? Partly because of protests it generated there and partly because it may be parent American company or it has huge American shareholding. So, it doesn't care much about govt. diktat.
US scientists have discovered an enzyme which could eat up plastic and thus can solve the problem of waste management and environmental damage caused by plastics. The enzyme basically breaks the plastic into two main constituents of it which can be easily recycled and managed.
Israel did it in a manner so that Syrian air force would destroy the missiles. It was all staged where US had to prove Syria a capable state and Assad a hero as well as a machoman. That's why the same two cities; Damascus and Homs were chosen. It appears Assad's future is bright
Trump won't mind but it is irresponsible statement from May as she should have reminded Lawmakers NATO's utility and Britain closeness with US. Sure, British acted on their own interests but couldn't have acted alone without getting harmed and this is what all should understand.
While the air infrastructure Russia has put up in Syria may not be sufficient to take on British Tornado fighters but then Russia has whole range of Sukhoi family which would be sufficient to neutralize Tornado. So, Britain cannot fight out Russia on its own.
Theresa May has told the Westminster that it was in Britain's interests to act against Syria and she didn't order RAF to attack targets in Syria just because Trump asked her to do so. Fine, but first of all could UK have attacked Syria alone? I don't think so.
So, by extending the same arguments can US stop Turkey from what the former may call its misadventure in Northern Syria? No because Turkey is not a key founding member of NATO and it cites terrorism perpetrated back home as an excuse to act against Kurds in Syria. So, it's Israel
So, one can also say that it wasn't Israel but UK or France or both who did it. No, they are NATO's key members thus direct responsibility would lie on US. They're facing political pressure back home so they've additional reasons to be not that active.
Why? It is because Russia is hell bent on forcing its views on Syria and doesn't want US to be partner. Bad days for Sunnis? No, if Putin listens to their demands. But for that he requires Trump's permission. Mind you, Trump said that he would withdraw US asset asap after 14 Apr.
So, who did it? Israel at the behest of US. It didn't do to materialize US locked and loaded statement at UN but to legitimatize Assad and his regime. Why? But first how? Syria is under attack and West doesn't keep its words but Assad regime has full capability to protect Syria.
Syrian state media is reporting attacks near Damascus and Homs which they claim were successfully neutralized. US has clarified that its forces were not active in Syria at that time and this is cent percent true. Russia, I believe, is not that pervert to do friendly attack there.
Topic: Understanding British state psychology from the institution of Commonwealth	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 886 	British Monarch Elizabeth will host Commonwealth summit this week in which... https://t.co/JiuaWao4Gx
IT would be staged show in the Westminster as British lawmakers would feel relaxed that May didn't formally consult them for swift military action that US-led coalition took place as they wouldn't have to take side of tyrant neither had to be part of the that action.
It would be partial victories for both prosecuting and defense teams as few accused would be convicted while the rest would be set free in Mecca Masjid case. Both side will appeal after sentencing: prose. for conviction of other accused while def. will for release of convicted.
But if Putin and Trump do not segment even then there will be almost same reactions from US as it will choose the potential targets very carefully to avoid full blown up confrontation with Russia. But it won't be chaos &amp; there will be actions should Syria reuses chemical weapons.
But in the end even if political segmentation does take place then Putin will have to allow some targets to be hit by US. Why? It is so because Syria has done wrong, inexcusable, and unacceptable to the most parts of the globe repulsion against US notwithstanding.
So, how will West react if Syria uses chemical weapons again? US will not care about deconflicting agreement as mostly it is to avoid accidental military engagements between US and Russia. So, a lot will depend upon the political segmentation between Putin and Trump.
If deconflicting agreement has to be followed then US may not be able to find suitable targets on first instance to which Russians may agree. I know what the agreement means but then it could be 'practical consequence' of following that agreement in letter and spirit precisely.
Nikki Haley on Saturday at UN said that her country is locked and loaded if Syria does commit chemical attacks while Putin has warned that chaos would follow if Syria is attacked again. I tell you if Syria attacks again its civilians then there will be chaos anyway.
It's simple: it puts off the burning fire from hardline Hindu activists and secure some voting preferences for BJP from socially liberal among upper castes and also deepens its reach into backward castes. So, it is not that cheap and BJP doesn't appear to be that big fool.
It's almost certain that BJP doesn't get any significant voting favor by outcastes all across India. So, why BJP's first Indian President is an outcaste and why does it at all talk about outcastes when it can anger its biggest voting class--the upper caste Hindus?
So, his conviction is not straightforward and not legally simple and thus he is likely to get bail. In India politicians are privileged classes and thus law applies on them with more flexibility. However, it is likely that he would be convicted and sentenced if media plays fair.
I tell you there are complications in the case as the rape happened some good 9 months back and thus it is difficult to prove it medically so firmly. Also, it is a political case as well as the girl should've immolated herself at the incitement of possibly BSP-SP combine.
What would happen to rape accused BJP MLA Kuldeep? He raped the outcaste minor almost 9 months back but the case came to highlight when the minor immolated herself recently. After the court's intervention CBI arrested Kuldeep and his female aide too.
Salman of Saudi Arabia clarified today that he didn't approve off the proposed US plan to move its embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. There is nothing new and it is not going to affect SA-US relations negatively but the imp. thing is that he had to make a statement like this.
The point is simple that US President is not constitutionally bound to seek permission from US Senate to seek a limited and swift military action against Syria and he is in no position, I think, to seek a long protracted war it. So, such fears are mostly unfounded and exaggerated
The point is Madrid pursued the referendum case so hard that it is very difficult to withdraw. Such a supposed withdrawal would legitimatize Catalonia independence move. but should it not it risks putting the most vital economic part of union into permanent conflict with others.
But will the Catalans be united in demanding an amnesty to Puigedemont and secure his return? It is an intricate legal dispute where if Spanish SC withdraws rebellion and misuse of public funds against him then it may be equivalent of admitting secessionist move. by choice.
Catalans are left with no other option but to show a quasi but tensed unity for the release of 9 of their jailed leaders to help resolve the ongoing crisis in Catalonia. I tell you the way Spanish Central government is behaving only public unity for the cause can be effective.
I think that margin of surveys is not that big and Djukanovic is almost certain to win. But should he not get more than 50% of vote in first round than it would be interesting ballot to watch out for on 29 April. The current strikes in Syria may add up to the popularity of NATO.
In Montenegro Presidential elections pro-Western incumbent Djukanovic is expected to get more than 50% of popular valid votes in first round to avoid face off in second round with his pro-Russian rival Bojanic. It will test the strength of Euro-Atlantic relationship in country.
Myanmar authorities have told that first Rohingya refugee family from Bangladesh has returned back. This should be a welcome sign if repatriation continues but what will be the legal status of those who return back and it will become that of all. It could be as bad as previous 1
So, what should US do? To keep sanction regime continue but which doesn't harm Venezuelan people but then to be frank it is a practical impossibility as other than state few other things exist in the nation. So, US should have patience but shouldn't tolerate Maduro for sure.
To be practical Maduro would call elections only if he is certain to win or otherwise he may give excuses to international community and to his public. At this time win for opposition candidate has fair chances but it is not certain. Planning coup inside Venezuela is stupidity.
US VP Pence has said that his country would not accept a situation other than full restoration of democracy and democratic institutions in Venezuela. I wonder how long before they used to exist if at all but Pence may be talking about holding elections in a fair and free manner.
Only way to eradicate radical Right or radical Left is to persuade their leaders to change their policies through deliberations and for that Europeans should play positive staked policies. Both can destroy Europe not one and that should be accepted. I don't support extreme views.
What? Center-Right has been a reality in the Europe for quite long but radical Right is a new normal. If some Europeans want to reject them they will be ignoring the choice of millions who are as legitimate voters as they are &amp; no one is more privileged than others in EU nations.
One cannot blame systematic &amp; constitutional flaws onto an individual &amp; for curing that Hungarian public can seek necessary amendments and changes. But one cannot oppose election of a democratic elected leader in a fair poll in the West and that should be bottomline for morality.
Opposition supporters are protesting against Orban in Budapest. No one can say that elections were rigged or some people were duped to vote for Orban's rightwing party. The privileges Orban's party enjoyed if Hungarian public understands them to be unfair are flaws of system.
Topic: Syria post-attacks if Assad regime does not act negatively towards its own people and the West as a consequence does not react militarily	Countries: Possibly the entire globe	words: 983  	Both Russia... https://t.co/Obq3qBRaTP
Topic: Putin handsomely segmented with Trump on Syria	Countries: The globe	words: 648 	Pentagon says there is no future plan to target Syria again and the strikes were almost one-off actions. It also claims... https://t.co/TZwDWRIyQk
Only question-mark about the success of the operations is that earth is not getting details but it may to do with a fact that Trump might be sleeping. If overall strikes succeeds then Russia would've made mistakes and it would spoil Putin's gameplan of engaging the West by deceit
But since Damascus has been attacked by allied forces thus Russia is indirectly accepting and exposing its forces' vulnerability against West. However, if the military action is dragged on for long then it could prove politically costly for Trump and others. It's Trump gain now.
If strikes are carried out without much Russian interception then Russia would expose its relative military strength to extent its capabilities have been deployed in Syria. I fully know that there is not up-to-date military hardware deployed by Russia in Syria.
I haven't seen and heard yet details about United States-led strikes on Syria except for a fact that Damascus has been attack. But media is unnecessarily inquiring about public support in Western countries as for swift military actions there will be one but not for fighting war.
The government should highlight the importance of Sharif and should promise that he would not repeat the mistake. Pakistani government should seek the help of Saudis and should press judiciary to take a more legal and flexible stand and not an inflexible ideal stand.
If public approves then after taking Pakistan Army's approval Pakistani government should file a curative petition in SC saying its decision tantamount to upholding Shariah in certain sense &amp; that all Pakistanis are fallible &amp; Sharif is no exception &amp; thus should be pardoned once
The point is appeal will not work and PML(N) shouldn't boycott the upcoming general elections. Sharif will obviously campaign and if his party wins then PM of Pakistan should hold a referendum seeking public opinion on whether Sharif should be pardoned.
The Pakistani Supreme Court has banned Sharif from direct politics for life. I tell you the decision is incorrect as violation of Constitution does not mean that politician would be barred for life. I don't have any admiration for Punjabis but I like Sharif as he is very dynamic.
But Indian Kashmiri politicians political immorality, inconsistency and hypocrisy are also responsible for emboldening Indian stand. The fact is that they don't want to abandon either of them and are much impressed by Indian females' infidelity in the bed the way British were.
But initially Nehru didn't keep his words with Mountbatten because of his much hyped relationship with Edwina but latter because of the size argument, Hindu infidelity &amp; because of differences in Indian &amp; Pakistani system &amp; Indians knowing more English Indian views prevailed.
The instrument of accession treaty was an instrument provided by British government to both India and Pakistan to formally &amp; finally decide about their geography as on 14 and 15 August 1947 they would be independent but not sovereign &amp; the instrument would help them function so.
Indian long-held position that Kashmir has acceded to India but not has merged with it is legally untenable as both are not separate steps though India successfully shows them. Referendum was to be followed in order to legitimatize accession and claim the territory legally.
There will be loss of reason among both Palestinians and Israelis with measure being higher with latter. Both will support nationalistic views and state sponsored version. Neither of the sides is thus fool to act &amp; react the way it has been doing &amp; they've tangible consequences.
For Israelis the ongoing protests would confirm that a majority belief that Palestinians pose threat to Jews &amp; that the protest is a grave threat to nation's security. The numbers of moderates in Israeli society would dwindle and with time. 2-state solution's chances will dwindle
For Palestinians the Israeli reactions would confirm their longstanding belief that Israel is an occupying nation and violators of their fundamental rights. There would hardly be any moderate left in Palestinians and such would exacerbate their relationship with Israelis.
The ongoing protests by Palestinians and Israeli reactions to them harden the positions of both Palestinians and Israelis and put them both in a bitter dispute with each other. The passions and sentiments would guide both people's actions and likely reactions.
It is partly because she is female and she works on the scripted lines spelled out by bureaucrats. Very few British would appreciate her if my assessments about her are correct. So, both major parties will have new face in next general elections: Tories a male &amp; Labour a female.
What about May? I think in order to enhance its chances Tories may have to remove her as well because as I understand she is not that popular and not that talented either. Why she does not appear to perform that bad and why she has a smooth sailing so far?
Why he is still the leader of the party is because elections are far away and no Labour leader wants to take the risk in the sense that he or she be removed one or two years before general elections.
But then it is not as simple as this as Labour needs to remove Corbyn as its leader. If they don't they may commit suicide. He anyway is a defeated leader who lost to Cameron and could not led his party to form the government again against May even though it increased its tally.
Because of this betrayal I think Labour are favorite to win even if Brexit negotiations end to the satisfaction of May government. I know that it stands for remaining with EU but the point is breach of trust vote and because of this many British voters may feel angered with gov.
No matter how successful Brexit negotiations May government may like to portray the fact is that it violated the spirit of Brexit though it is fulfilling the Brexit referendum results if not a big swing is expected among British voters on the issue since referendum and up to now.
The threats of possible American military actions against Assad regime in Syria over fixing its responsibility over chemical attacks in Douma have receded in the past couple of hours but it is not yet over.... https://t.co/flejdId12G
Topic: The real reasons for Saudis to oppose Qatari	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 959 	Reuters has reported that Trump used forceful language while talking to Salman of Saudi Arabia on phone about... https://t.co/0WwqRYYs8K
British media is bragging that OPCW has confirmed that nerve agent used was pure Novichock produced in Soviet Union during coldwar. Come'on British don't kid it is science and Russia has already accepted it. Why has the report come on the day US and UK will decide their response?
But I think Trump has proved himself naive in international arena and is hellbent on legitimatizing Obama and his policies because of his stupidity. I don't think that May would find much support among British public for swift joint action should it come but she will go ahead.
Thus, I expect a swift joint military response by US and UK together possibly coordinated by France as well and this Russia just cannot outsmart. Syrian targets will be hit by joint military action of US and UK coordinated possibly by France.
But then the question is whether US and UK together or US alone would take a swift military action. This is quite likely but I cannot predict it with higher precision. I think Trump will act somewhat but then if it is a milder action then Russia possibly can neutralize it.
So, UK won't participate in  a sustained military action against Assad regime and its backers and this would be the likely decision of US as supported by UK, Trump then like Obama would cite lack of international support to take a deep ingrained military action against Assad.
So, what UK Cabinet would today decide would depend what US wants to do in Syria and if it is like taking a sustained campaign then the Cabinet would transfer the decision making capacity to Westminster where the motion will be rejected by choice, I suppose.
Trump has cleverly but not in an unprecedented way coupled US military options with those of UK. Obama did the same when Assad was accused of carrying out chemical attacks I think in 2012 and Trump followed him. But in the end if US doesn't want to take mil act. it has excuse.
Topic: What does Trump mean when he says “Russians, (our) missiles are coming”?	Countries: Possibly the entire world	words: 727 	Clever! Very clever! Or am I overestimating him? I am not sure. Let’s see.... https://t.co/KIvunT9fHA
Columbian President Santos has said that he wouldn’t mind former FARC rebel and otherwise would be national lawmaker Santrich to be extradited to United States on drug trafficking charges. Legally it is a... https://t.co/v72s0uPkmI
So, the solution lies in thinking beyond the immediate concerns and such would require understanding from Chinese side that it needs to protect and preserve copyright of American comp. and US needs to understand that investment into derivative country comes at a particular cost.
The globe's biggest investors are anyway Western and many non-American Western companies are operative in China at present. They may invest more but soon they'll face the similar problems faced by US investors and Fed government on copyright and tariff issues.
Xi has said that China will be opening up its economy more to foreign investors but this may not be able to cool down the temperature in debt and equity markets. Such is possible only if both sides sit and discuss with each other the mutually acceptable possible solution.
Russia will not veto the resolution if it does not squarely blame Assad regime responsible for attacks and/or seeks an international response, possibly the usage of military force, against the regime. I think UNSC now has to live with a new normal with open rivalry bt polar camps
UNSC meeting on Syria in coming hours would see a regular bout of heated exchange between Russia and the West. UNSC would pass a resolution showing concerns at possible usage of chemical weapons and loss of lives.
John Bolton is new NSA to Trump from today and I can easily predict that if he lasts up to October 2019 he should feel extremely, extremely lucky. The reasons for this vary from personal to very high end... https://t.co/BkiU5oXEle
Topic: I think Republicans are more likely to loose Senate to Democrats than otherwise	Country: United States	words: 787 	Trump has great reelection dreams and when did he officially start his reelection... https://t.co/29126cZJSw
It gives rainbow type of color to EU thinking and if succeeds would prove that Right; even extreme Right, is acceptable political ideology and big EU leaders will not follow and dictate taboo-oriented policies to those of smaller nations; neither would they desist or clone others
As expected Hungarian right-wing leader Victor Orban has won landslide grabbing more than 2/3 of the Parliamentarian seats. He is anti-immigrant, anti-Moslem but will not threaten to leave EU. The EU is no longer a homogeneous entity where egalitarianism would always prevail.
So, can I guess whether Bolton would suggest Trump to attack Syrian military targets? Well, I don't know but Bolton may as he was hawk when at UN. Syria does not matter. Who is it? But taking an open confrontation with Russia is something that Trump admin should right now avoid.
This is a very fine calculations that Bolton may have to do but should he fall into Trump hawkish line things would be very bad for possibly the entire world. Mind you, Russia does not have corporate might but it has military one and thus it can affect US operations worldwide.
Whether US would attack Syrian targets would depend on how new NSA Bolton formulates his Russian policy. You know escalating tensions with Russia may increase the cost of American actions in many regions of the globe and it may give temporal setback to US efforts diplomatically.
However, this just cannot be termed US punishment to Assad regime after a chemical attack on Douma which it blamed on it. If Trump keeps up his momentum then US would react towards Syria by attacking its airbases; only thing is that such would escalate tensions with Russia.
Israel carried out airstrikes against Syrian targets at T-24 airbase in Syria. They were results of combination of push sought by US and Israel self-interests because of rising Iranian arms presence in Syria. The fact is that US would want Israel to carry out this attack.
I am dead sure that Putin is not happy with his performance and so is Trump as he might have thought that he could sell his Russia friendship card to United States Senate through public but both seem hostile towards Russia. Now Trump can follow only reactive policies towards it.
Out of 3 Putin got only 1(Syria) but he expected 2. Any President seeking reelection cannot recognize Crimea as belonging to Russia though it is a fact that Ukraine can never take it back. Eastern Ukraine is a more complicated issue and it intricately involves NATO and EU.
But why? For financial help? No. For seeking investment? I don't think that Russia as such wants it. Putin did with these objectives: recognition of Crimean Peninsula as an integral part of Russia, concessions on Eastern Ukraine and a relatively softer policy on Syria.
I have little doubt that Putin's Russia did try to help Trump winning 2016 Presidential elections. I don't know whether Putin succeeded or not as Trump's win cannot be necessarily ascribed to Russian intervention, more so, as Clinton got more popular vote in the elections.
Topic: African laws and Jacob Juma’s fate in corruption cases 	Countries: Many though unspecified 	words: 827 	Jacob Juma resigned recently as South African President after his own party members gave threat... https://t.co/F4XvGTn71H
British Ambassador to UN while arguing her country's case said Russia calling for joint investigations is like "arsonist investigating his own arson". Does Trump Tower fire has anything to do with this? Please don't think I am blaming Trump family but was it a deliberate act?
I mean the dynamic mean value and not half the dynamic value.
J Juma is likely to meet his fate: jail term. He is banking too much on African law that all segmentation and dissertation lead to pardon in corruption cases. This law is not exact and even if it applies in SA it would not on him as ANC won't risk loosing support base due to him.
In my opinion Brazilian disgraced former President's political career is finished as his jail term started. Should Lula fights he would loose but he would not fight Presidential elections in Brazil should the likelihood of he loosing elections exceed half the dynamic mean value.
So, Assad and his backers would like US to be out of the game or they will spoil any chance of peace. This would hurt them they know but as Westerners must be knowing Russians are very good; in fact experts, in differential equations, &amp; they've already solved the full equations.
But would Kremlin be so reactive and would not consider the cost to itself? First of all Kremlin just cannot be outright blamed for the recent events but then it allowed it to happen because it wanted to put the cost to Americans for remain in Syria, implying, US is outcaste.
Why? It is because May showed extra belligerence and militarism while dealing with Salisbury event and while telling the outside world Russian involvement forgetting her country's and American's. This is a reply to deviants in Syria to the unity shown by the West against Russia.
There has been another chemical attack in Syria near Douma. In my opinion the chemical was sourced (may be in the past) from Syrian government, the perpetrators were stray agents, most likely hired by some double agents in Syria but definitely initially at the behest of Kremlin.
In my opinion both need to compromise: China needs to establish a stricter copyright and patent regime fully supported by its judiciary and US needs to understand that a two-way relationship needs to be profitable to both sides and that a single side cannot be sole beneficiary.
In any major showdown on trade between China and US China is a bigger looser and being a larger demography and being a smaller economy Trump thinks that China will first blink eye. I am not sure as he might have slapped existential question in front of Chinese leadership &amp; state
Trump's reaction towards China and Russia are based on popular perception; how he will be judged by his core and potential supporters rather than on sound economic and diplomatic realities. Sure, he is using psychology of economics and relativity against both China and Russia..
Malaysian Parliament has been dissolved and elections are duein Malaysia  within 60 days. I don't know who will be the next Prime Minister but I know Mahatir cannot be because of his age and thus if there be only 2 contestants then the incumbent will return to power.
Topic: Trump and Moslems	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 1,059 	I think that Trump is a capitalist though it is not an easy thing to be on earth in view of required balance between making demands and... https://t.co/yYNGXZDk1W
Topic: I don’t think that Seoul court has shown any biased and sexist approach towards Park; she may seek pardon from Moon but a lot could depend on Trump	Countries: Many but definitely South Korea, North... https://t.co/eh4xicshhq
Whatever direction the Supreme Court takes the fact is that Park's sentencing will also be influenced by politics of the region and that of the globe other than her conviction in promotion of graft and abuse of her position charges. Poor woman! This could be sexiness as well,.
However, South Korean Supreme Court take another view: that of presenting its state as a liberal and generous state and not a very tough state. So, her sentencing can be relaxed as well to prove to North that it may not show Western precision to it and also that it is Asian too.
It is not purely a matter of accountability but South Korea needs to prove that it is a fair state and a part of the West in view of its diplomatic thaw with North and also in view of meeting between Moon and Kim and also between Kim and Trump. So, no relaxation in sentencing.
In coming hours South Korean Supreme Court will sentence former President Park Guen Hae. I think she will be sentenced to maximum prison term and possibly some significant fine as well, her past position and remaining immunity notwithstanding.
Topic: The rift or spat between Moscow and London would be inconclusive implying some gain for Russia	Countries: Possibly the entire globe	words: 1,046 	UNSC is going to hold a meeting in coming hours to... https://t.co/yEw6TaSnQt
Though I can easily go wrong here but I think that Salman and other Bollywood celebrities involved in Black Buck case would not be sentenced though they can be fined. Other than aura of those celebrities non-judicial Hindu thinking would set stage for their pardon from their act.
So, do yoga to release stress, achieve calmness of mind and improve your figure as well as to enhance your beauty and for things like that. All other claims are farce. Mind you, I am not against non-Hindus performing yogic actions; it can be beneficial to your brain and body.
It is just because Hindus claim so? If that be the criterion to judge Hindus then I don't what Hindus claim and who outside their domain would believe. Mind you, all religions claim foolish and stupid things and there is nothing weird about Hinduism doing so. Don't you? Funny!
You must be especially crazy to believe that god is universal. God of Gospel, Ishvar of Gita and Allah of Koran all are different entities; even El of Torah is different from God of Gospel. Why do people first of all believe in yoga leading to divinity and divine experience?
You forget the fact that a god exists or not where is that god universal or unique? You know genes, bodies and brains are result of evolutions and they are glocal in nature and some of them may be part of universal evolution. A Hindu god pleasing on Christian or its vice-versa?
You forget yoga's effect on body which is definitely secular but when is human body religious? It is based on and functions according to science though still many facts are unknown. What yoga and body have to do with god except that its origin lies in Hinduism.
If you know Sanskrit than 'Om' real word is Pranava and this is not context or person independent and yoga meaningfulness start with uttering Om though Hindu elites hide about a fact that yoga is a part of Hindu religious life. Sure, if practiced properly it can benefit all.
Syro-Malabar Church's doctrinal commission report has said that yoga was not a medium to attain divine experience. If you forget the foolishness in believing god can it be so cheap and so universal that through meditation one can experience it? You must be crazy.
Topic: Will United States pullout, fully or partly, from Syria?	Countries: Many	words: 929 	Trump has told an American audience on last Thursday that he is mulling options to withdraw American troops from... https://t.co/SLPQ3iApa7
Thus, I can conclude that Earth evolution is of low grade and that's why there are so much bio, anthro, psycho diversities here. It gets clear from the fact that it took millions of years for ape-to-human transformation and now only few thousands of years left for life on earth
Equality between Whites and Blacks? Vow! It tells that the White race is not of much worth here on earth and also that there may be so many human societies where there won't be Blacks. Obviously, if they were there they would seek equality with super-Whites in high conscious era.
If one looks at people there are all kinds of races with Whites and Blacks at the poles and both are result of tens of millions of years' evolution. Sure, humans on earth can't skip this stark reality and in this high tech world all humans wish for equality. There are many takers
Today is Luther's 50th death anniversary. If you look at coal and diamond they are both amorphous forms of Carbon; one is rightly low-priced while second is excessively highly priced . Carbon is a problematic element though it is universal on earth; in food, fuel, atom. &amp; land.
But then both China and US know if they want to live together peacefully they have to do trade and for that some compromises need to made by both sides. In my opinion, China needs to do something about its copyright and patent laws and take sign. steps to stop stealing US patents
Trump admin. has slapped higher tariffs on hundreds of Chinese imports. Now it is no longer a slap-fight but I think they will find a way out. Markets are going to react negatively and DJI when it opens in New York is gloing to loose some significant points, I think above 1%.
The trilateral summit can only succeed if Turkey and Iran do not fight over their sectarian interests and this is quite difficult to come by but meeting can still partly succeed if regional patterns are considered though it would require Assad consent and US inaction.
As far as Syria is concerned if the trio weighs down possible US future steps then finding a political roadmap would be difficult to reach at but if Turkey completely ignores US then it would be its stupidity. Fine, I know very well that Trump is not interested in Syria at all
It is so because Erdogan and Putin are the same and the change in the White House was constitutionally due. Interestingly, both him and Putin have been reelected while Trump will try his hands in 2020 as well. The fact is that Trump and Erdogan have not so +chemistry in-between.
In the last more than two years United States partly gave boost to Turkey-Russia relations due to Obama's negative opinion about Putin and Russia and partly gave boost to the relations due to Trump's positive opinion about Putin and Russia. It's an interesting contrast.
It's a complete U-turn from year 2015 when Turkey shot down a Russian fighter jet near Turkey-Syria airspace--Putin is in Ankara to discuss Syria at a trilateral summit also attended by Iranian President. He and Erdogan have traveled each other's country since 2015 incident.
Only thing is that he is more popular among religious and linguistic and regional minorities than in Hindi heartland where most of these protests are taking place. They have no end as people have undending demands and government very limited means.
Why? It is so because they think everything like upper castes except for the fact that they are not even Hindus as per sacred laws! So, their protests are based on Jat and Patel movements. You know, Obama is a universal constant in all Indian equations.
One can infer that those outcastes protests are based on African-American's 'Black lives matter' or on #metoo campaigns but actually it is not.The ordinary among outcastes don't take clues from US as they derive their inspirations from upper caste Hindus.
India is at the cusp of social rebellion with outcastes and tribes protesting against amendments in existing SC/ST acts done partly by Union government and partly by the apex court of India but definitely at the behest of Indian Union government.
Topic: Pentagon by default cannot fund wall along Texan border with Mexico	Countries: Mexico and United States and possibly others as well	words: 543 	Today morning I saw a tweet from Washington Examiner in... https://t.co/8jfuTnE3tT
Topic: Why Federal Supreme Court is delaying giving final verdict on Trump’s travel ban?	Country: United States	words: 557 	Federal Supreme Court, usually speaking, does not delay that long on giving verdict... https://t.co/Knc57OqYJb
In my opinion Stormy D's arguments against Trump are not judicial but political in nature as she herself admits that she was no victim. So, her court-battle with Trump is an abuse of judiciary and she should fight out against him politically through media. Trump did sex with her.
But sure, beyond a level taste and demands can't be controlled by carefully crafted choices given by political elites to the public. In contradiction as per law both failure and success of governmental and private hands will catalyze Western private hand's entry into Russia.
But when can United States-led West force itself onto Russian political elites? It depends on management of finances at macroscopic and microscopic levels which would depends on Russian Central Bank and Treasury and private and semi-private hands there.
Yes, but Russia unlike China is almost White and economic prosperity and high market-based consumption there would usher-in genuine democracy there which right now very few politicians want. But Russians, except for a small fraction, themselves don't have panache for the West.
Why? It is because it because of that possibility would become China which does not have ability to contest and challenge US hegemony except for its own interests. So what, China is still powerful at least at surface and it is doing well?
So, how long can Kremlin maintain an independent foreign policy? It can up to as long as Russian President and Duma are able to stop Western MNCs from operating much inside Russia and thus influencing Russian middle classes and even many rich.
So, al-Sissi won by 91-92% and not by 97% with roughly 41% turnout. This is not a bad performance though his popularity's optimum can be assessed by this. I think almost all of his supporters voted for him and his opponent was no way near him. In the end it is landslide win.
He could have given Egyptian voters full options possible under law, proved himself ideal and still could have won comfortably but such could have affected results of Parliamentary elections against his party and this could have badly and significantly affected his presidency.
Almost all invalid votes were cast against al-Sissi as he deprived potential Egyptian voters options and people mostly voted invalid votes against TINA ('There is no alternative') factor. Sure, lower trunout was also an expression of protest against al-Sissi's believed obstinacy
They want to go to Indonesia and Malaysia. True, that both the nations are bigger economy and Islamic nations but I wonder if they be welcomed there either as they are culturally dissimilar to the people there. I think that their natural place is either Myanmar or Bangladesh.
Rohingya Moslems fleeing Myanmar are looking eastwards. True, that they are looking for urgent food and shelter in Thailand and not seeking refuge there but if they do it would take Thai people into higher levels of Buddhist nationalism with no respite for Rohingya Moslems.
A way to deal with such situation for Nigeria is to educate its people and diversify its economy to the extent poss. But still the oil prices are not that high and Nigeria spends a good amount of money fighting militancy in its N-E region. So, there is a glitch &amp; balancing fact.
Another terrorist attack struck Nigeria North-East region suspected to be carried out by Boko Haram in which at least 20 people died. I therefore conclude that some part of Nigerian army and civilian staff have become sympathetic to Islamist cause and possibly that of BH.
Topic: Israel’s refugee deal with United Nations and its impact on Palestinian movement for independence	Countries: Many though unspecified	words: 642 	Israel has struck a deal with United Nations on the... https://t.co/f86PLa5YdB
Syria Assad is turning out to be smarter than expected and is able to compel surrender of various militias group operating around Eastern Gouhta region. Trump's decision to withdraw reconstruction aid is just a defense mechanism to prove neutrality by not taking any side in war.
I see real possibility of last two factors combining to discourage potential donors and providers so that humanitarian work can't be carried out. I smell something fishy about the outbreak of this fire though the possibility of natural fire destroying warehouse can't be ruled out
Around 50 tonnes of food item has been destroyed in a fire in a warehouse in Yemen. Was it a natural fire, a well-planned plan to blame the defender of the warehouse or a deliberate fire carried out by the formal possessor of the warehouse?
What it hints about North Korea that it does not have any capability to harm US and possibly it does not have nuclear weapons. It also tells that South Korea is very keen to see end of tensions between the two Koreas and US is willing and active partner to this peace-wish.
South Korea and United States are going to resume their joint military exercises very shortly albeit with shorter duration and less predatory military hardware. North Korea has not aggressively reacted to this news like it used to in the past.
Topic: Another side of Stephen Hawking	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 738	Before I start let me accept that I don’t understand physics but then let me add that no one on earth understands origin of... https://t.co/UZ4MJDK2gz
Topic: Israeli-Palestinian dispute is intractable, almost, almost to the certainty	Countries: Many though unspecified	words: 820 	Palestinians are marking ‘March of Return (‘Day of Land’)’ today in Gaza,... https://t.co/mULN5S7MjE
So, it may consider Trump as legally offensive and thus it is saving nation's reputation from arbitrariness of his actions. In order to do so the judiciary might have breached its self-imposed moral line but still not the Constitutional separation of power. Does Trump know it?
This may be due to established position in Federal Supreme Court that Trump manipulates and even tries to break laws as established by the Constitution like no other American President in the past has ever tried to do so.
The much activism shown by American judiciary against Trump is at the behest of its Federal Supreme Court. The highest court of the land usually refrains from putting so many hurdles to a President's executive authority but in Trump's case it has been relentless and proactive.
If one asks me Russia did carry out nerve agent attack on its former double agent and his daughter living in UK at the behest of US and with full knowledge of UK. So, either all three are responsible or none but as I have said all nations have a role in this great 'Hindu' cosmos
In my opinion this is the uneasy and unholy acceptance of Hindu theory of Karma whereby one's past actions determine its future evolution; destiny is predetermined and completely individualistic. All have a role in great drama being played out in this part of the Universe.
Russia has decided to expel approximately 160 Western diplomats in retaliation to many nations firing its. This is on expected lines and hints at the segmented and prearranged pretence of beginning of new era of cold war which will otherwise never happen.
On referendum issues minimum of 60% vote is a decent show in a matured democracy like UK. I think that more than 50% of British voters want to stay in EU and Westminster knows it and that is why May appears to be so pro-EU. Tories are expected to loose next general elections.
More the parity, more divided and polar would be politics. But current Labour leadership is so dis-configured and disarranged that Left may not get a sweeping victory whenever general elections are called-in in UK but I know for sure that Corbyn will be replaced before that.
It's exactly a year when UK will formally take divorce from EU. As per BBC British people are almost equally divided between pro-Brexit and pro-Europe groups which is a bad sign for British democracy as there has to be a decisive opinion among the public over such issues.
A little bit of spice would be added to Trump-Sissi chemistry if such a thing exists. Trump would support and favor authoritarian style of al-Sissi as he wants the same behavior all over the world. IMF and World Bank will continue to treat Egypt as their priority lending area.
Sure, higher turnout would have given more legitimacy to al-Sissi but the fact is that usually winning Western leader gets same % of vote in direct elections. US policy on Egypt would remain as what has been; Trump admin. is following Obama admin. policies in general.
Incumbent al-Sissi is supposed to get around 90% of votes with voter turnout expected to be close to 40%. This means that more than 36% of the eligible Egyptian voters cast their ballot in favor of al-Sissi and this is roughly the same number of votes that US President gets.
South and North Korean leaders are going to meet on 27th April at DMZ. I think the meeting will be successful; in fact very successful, as that meeting has to be succeeded by Kim-Trump meeting. I think that the momentum has to be maintained all along the proposed talks.
Topic: Muslim Brotherhood after al-Sissi’s certain win in Egyptian Presidential elections	Countries: Many Islamic ones and possibly others too	words: 831 	Incumbent al-Sissi is certain to win his reelection... https://t.co/3MjwjgbPEp
Topic: Kim-Trump equations	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 895 	North Korean leader Kim is likely to meet Trump in coming weeks. It appears to me that North Korea does not have any significant nuclear... https://t.co/Bes3lqV9Yz
Mind you, Trump and Putin are as closed friends now as they were before this nerve agent attack definitely carried out by Russia but at the behest of United States and with full knowledge of United Kingdom. They can segment but still the lifetime buddies don't know how to do so.
In my opinion their expulsion would be revoked and that is why Trump did it. Why? To me it is an open segmentation and many parts of Europe along with US is expelling Russian diplomats from their respective territories. Thus, there should be some setbacks for Trump's order.
As per media reports among the 60 expelled Russian diplomats 12 belong to its UN mission. Now legally speaking United States cannot expel them from New York even if they are on State Department Visa unless they themselves are proven guilty of carrying out chemical attack.
Egyptian election is no sensational show but a forgone conclusion but the byte that is doing around media that al-Sissi will amend Constitution to pave way for his third term is to me a very unlikely possibility as he would not have either support of military or energy to do so.
And you know they have to continue. Poor!
So, why other states are reacting to nerve agent attack? They are telling Russia don't opt for fighting a cold war but just segment now. The earth has to spend time like this till a critical phase is over. Only thing is that both Trump and Putin do not know the right way to do so
British obviously were involved as it was their territory where it all had to happened. So, why would they segment? It is because both of them can nurture and clone their public's opinion to their choice and Trump will get rid of collusion investigation nuisance by this action.
Doesn't it look cosmetically disproportionate and a made up story? To me, it does. Even British response was excessively huge. While it may not be dictated but it appears to me as segmented. So, for me Russia did at the behest of US knowing it fully what would be the response.
United States has ordered expulsion of 60 Russian diplomats, the official reason being Russian poisoning of Britain based former Russian double agent and his daughter. I hope that this is no threat but a decision which will be implemented and executed.
Only one rebel group is left in Eastern Ghouta and it is a matter of time before Syrian armed forces retake the entire neighborhood surrounding Damascus except for facing some opposition in some rebel... https://t.co/xjzawSSAFy
Topic: Why was Catalan separated leader arrested in Germany and what will happen thereafter?	Countries: Many but at least European ones  	words: 664 	Catalan separatist leader Puidgemont living in exile... https://t.co/odfhQiQUNl
Topic: ‘Father, forgive these people, because they don’t know what they are doing’ (Luke 23:34)	Countries: The entire globe	words: 1,435 	Warning: Though not too many people read my status updates as known... https://t.co/69ZTGz5nJD
I am just speculating and I do not know the answers. Would Britain become a hybrid EU state whereby it would follow EU laws and rules suitable to its needs and agreed by EU? Does British public know it? If yes, does the rest of the world know it? I think May need to answer.
Why did many EU leaders support May? Britain is no longer a member of European Union and they won't just because of flexibility shown by Britain at ongoing Brexit negotiations. So, why did they invite and why did they support? Has Britain got a special hybrid status in EU?
Theresa May attended EU summit. Sure, she can but it is not binding after the Brexit vote. But she got support from heads of many member states over her country's complaints against Russia for the latter's role in the attempted murder and poisoning of former double Russian agent.
Topic: China-United States trade war	Countries: Possibly the globe but definitely China and United States	words: 941 	In coming hours Trump is about to announce additional trade tariffs on many high-tech... https://t.co/GZ1gPD3MDk
The Election Day would belong to al-Sissi and in my opinion Egyptian public as a majority is going to legitimize his harsh undemocratic rule.
I guess voter turnout to be less than 50% but al-Sissi would get around 90% of the popular valid cast votes. These are due to restriction of competition by Egyptian election regulators and ban on Muslim Brotherhood and due to TINA (There is no alternative) factor.
There is a high similarity between Putin and al-Sissi and recent Russian and upcoming Egyptian Prez. elections. I think Egyptian voter turnout is going to be lower than the Russian one but al-Sissi would get higher percentage of votes than what Putin got in Russian elections.
Egyptian President al-Sissi on the eve of Presidential elections has told an interviewer that Egyptian people should feel free to tell their political choices and that he was not responsible for restricting... https://t.co/r9VdPtpTfd
Former French President Nicholas Sarkozy was arrested, is being detained and interrogated for his campaign funding by Libyan dictator Gaddafi  in 2007. I am sure that he is guilty, will be prosecuted and convicted but would be pardoned by Macron, I suppose.
Saudi Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman in an interview given to a United States Television Network prior to his... https://t.co/Ej790yG8HB
The fact is that British as a majority opted to leave EU because they wanted to deal with both EU and US from position of strength. This was based on  a revival of colonial era pride and was based on Tudor's arrogance as well as on over-reliance on a spaceship civilization.
It has been revealed that ongoing Brexit negotiations have been fruitful and compromises have been made on... https://t.co/T0digDU8X8
So, EU's support to Britain is not free and it appears so obvious that US support to Britain is also not free but possibly based on a fact that in UK-US future trade deal Britain may succumb to many of US's demand. Now if one understands recent British politics it's been a U-turn
I tell you from whatever is obvious is that Britain has yielded to EU's demands though the latter has been holding up divorce laws. Sure, it has been no chance that EU has taken almost explicit side of Britain on latter's row with Russia and also OPCW officials are in England.
It has been revealed that ongoing Brexit negotiations have been fruitful and compromises have been made on transition tax, citizens' rights and things like that but not possibly on borders between Northern Ireland and European Union.
Capitalism is scale-dependent. All equal societies in two Universe have to be capitalist. Even exactly equal... https://t.co/bD4vRaVhAH
Capitalism is scale-dependent. All equal societies in two Universe have to be capitalist. Even exactly equal society has to be scale-dependent. There is no end to economic and hierarchical differences anywhere in entire two Universe. However, exact equality is a thing to relish.
Turkish forces backed Free Syrian Army (FSA) has taken Afrin city in Northern Syria along the Turkish-Syria... https://t.co/dOIYzWBrEC
The state of emergency in Sri Lanka following riots between Sinhalese Buddhists and Moslems has been lifted. A... https://t.co/FmPknLX0t8
Vladimir Putin and his party United Russia will get 80%+ of the cast val;id vote in today's Russian Presidential... https://t.co/0bM0QIbvkz
If Putin scores significantly less than 80% of the cast valid votes, say anywhere closer to 65% to 70% then to me it would appear an obvious attempt by his own supporters to urge potential voters to vote against him to prove the validity of the vote and faith in election process.
Vladimir Putin and his party United Russia will get 80%+ of the cast val;id vote in today's Russian Presidential elections. There is no serious and even genuine contender against his bid. I guess less enthusiasm among Russian voters to cast their ballots compared to last voting.
Topic: Is second cold war imminent between Russia and the West?	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 794 	After... https://t.co/xcbDOnZ0jL
Syrian war has formally entered the eighth year and its peaceful end is not in sight though non-military... https://t.co/rtkgfQdtMP
Either Assad forces defeat rebels convincingly or Sunni rebels win or the stalemate continue though the first outcome is more probable than the second one. But both are only quasi-stable with first being more unstable than the second one. I think the stalemate is transient.
Syrian war has formally entered the eighth year and its peaceful end is not in sight though non-military political end is possible but only if Sunnis want to make compromise with Assad government and their loyalists. The fact is that only polar solutions can lead to stability.
Russia has termed British government's decision to expel 23 Russian diplomats from US as insane. The measures,... https://t.co/cs3HRI1Dfo
The more the Tory cares for non-Anglican Whites the more likely Labour is expected to gain. This is the fl;aw of British politics; call it its strength, that Tory wants to be prefect Centrist repelling in certain sense Republicans of United States.
Other than scoring points in international arena the Tory government wants to prove that even British non-citizen residents are precious and have worth enough to evoke response from it should they are attacked by their native countries. Wonderful but costly!
Russia has termed British government's decision to expel 23 Russian diplomats from US as insane. The measures, truly speaking, are disproportionate and shows hypersenstivity of UK. More to follow should Russia retaliates and this times from larger groups, like EU, G7 and NATO.
Topic: Can a ‘normal’ state in India have a state flag of its own?	Country: India	words: 471 	Assembly of... https://t.co/4FPV6cYiMj
Universe is there forever but it is finite and there are two finite Universes having infinite lifetimes together... https://t.co/nl2E4ckqAp
Topic: Marriage is definitely not a constitutional matter	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 435 	Federal... https://t.co/O7q063G45O
So, who poisoned former Russian double agent and his daughter? It is obviously some Russian agents ordered by... https://t.co/kNVmsSTDTL
As per BBC Trump and Kim's most likely meeting place is either Switzerland, Sweden or DMZ. DMZ should be tried... https://t.co/kkHQqaVL6W
Since Trump is not that politically suave and since he doesn't know much of the statecraft or else the meeting should take place either in South Korea or China. The reason is simple: despite of all bomb-blast Kim is very junior at the world stage and he may require protection.
Sweden is also a very much activist country on nuclear and missile non-proliferation. So, in my opinion it should be relatively more passive New Zealand. The proposed meeting shouldn't have any sponsor and if Kim wants someone it should be South Korean government.
As per BBC Trump and Kim's most likely meeting place is either Switzerland, Sweden or DMZ. DMZ should be tried only once left with no other option. In my opinion the West should be the region where the two leaders should meet but still Switzerland is a very high profile country.
China Communist Party has removed term limits for Chinese President implying that Xi can rule till his death or... https://t.co/RewCJTsykO
I don't think that it would mind so. The retardation and even reversal of democracy would strengthen its hand and would allow it somewhat to put its world order in place in many parts of the globe. That would  enhance China's global position and would also stregth. 1 party rule.
So, other than spending this very critical time on earth what is the purpose of the Communist Party? It is to slowdown the rise of democracy in the Rest and in many cases to reverse it. So, what will remain in many parts of Rest? It would be vote without there being democracy.
China Communist Party has removed term limits for Chinese President implying that Xi can rule till his death or till he remains fit, whichever comes early. But then Politburo can theoretically amend the rule-book again to dethrone Xi. Will it? I don't think it would do so easily.
Syrian Kurdish group has told that people have agreed to form humanchain to stop Turkish military advances in... https://t.co/gZU1rCDjxo
What it means is that YPG and Syrian regime have colluded for a longer term relationship and that bodes very bad for Syrian Sunnis. Sure, Kurds are Sunnis but not Arabs. If it turns out to be true then my suspicion that Assad would regain almost entire Syria  becomes very likely.
Syrian Kurdish group has told that people have agreed to form humanchain to stop Turkish military advances in Afrin. This is the nihilistic, bald path adopted by YPG just like that by renunciating Hindus of ancient past revived in the modern times by Gandhi against colonial rule.
Topic: Can Trump also plan to meet Assad?	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 641 	In quantum field theories... https://t.co/p9esjnw1Uf
Trump has announced that he is going to meet North Korean leader Jong-un. I think that announcement is real but... https://t.co/RQR6d4OUaM
However, if meeting happens and eventually it fails then what would outside world conclude? It would reflect on the mental health of two leaders and a possible failure of American diplomacy and pressure-tactics. Tension in the region will resurface again.
But then even if North has no or insignificant capabilities in nuclear and missile fields United States has to spend some significant amount of money on North along with South Korea and possibly Japan too will spend its part.
But such is only possible when North has no potential in nuclear and missile technologies. Then it would be burden on North to continue with its belligerence and incurring huge cost because of vocalism. I think that JOng-un is realistic and pragmatic person.
Trump has announced that he is going to meet North Korean leader Jong-un. I think that announcement is real but it is only possible only if Jong-un is ready to discuss pin-pointedly on roll back of his country's nuclear and missile programs with Trump.
Topic: Conservative capitalist society and females	Countries: I don’t know	words: 825 	In fact all conservative... https://t.co/t6wozErWZp
Topic: Evolution of color, caste and language in India	Countries: Many though unspecified	words: 955 	A keen... https://t.co/UMj6jp3qol
All Buddhist dominant countries in the South East Asia and North Asia should take note of the events in Sri Lanka... https://t.co/9ry6qYTUpu
The ongoing violence between majority Buddhists and Moslems in Sri Lanka is reminder of the fact that nationalism is awaken in Buddhist dominant country as well and also of a fact hat Islam's ugly face is also rising in those constituencies where it was not apparent and applying.
First it was Christian nationalism, then Islamic trans-nationalism and then Hindu nationalism. Now its the time for Buddhist nationalism sparked mostly by events in Myanmar with Buddhists systematically driving out Rohingya Moslems and making them the biggest stateless group.
All Buddhist dominant countries in the South East Asia and North Asia should take note of the events in Sri Lanka and in Myanmar and they should make proper immigration policies; a flawed one could spark nationalistic Buddhist reaction and may hamper peace in those countries.
No state gives up its strategic option, particularly its nuclear and missile capabilities. South Africa gave up because power was getting transferred from Whites to Blacks. Libya gave up because it couldn't have nuclear weapons and Iran because it couldn't afford to have even one
North Korea if it agrees for roll back then it means it does not have proven capabilities of having a nuclear payload and a reliable delivery system. United States deliberately over-projected North's capability and then it was fall from grace for Kim Jong-un.
However if North Korea has significant capabilities in nuclear and missile technologies I don't think it is... https://t.co/ngr0CZdpPh
No one should think that it's Trump's victory; in fact it is the defeat of North Korea because of its lack of capability. Trump's role was to let the anger of Jong-un burst and later he adjusts himself to accept a new reality of the region that even China wouldn't support him.
However if North Korea has significant capabilities in nuclear and missile technologies I don't think it is going to roll back them. Then in that case it would like to blackmail the West. But the proposed summit between two Koreas is a welcome move and diplomacy may win there.
Election results in Italy have once again proven that Euro-skeptic and anti-immigrant politics has become a... https://t.co/X4xV4FYdam
Topic: Africa and conflicts	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 792 	African continent has two major races:... https://t.co/e3juhC2uw8
Topic: Nationalism and Americans	Countries: Many though unspecified	words: 983 	United States is earth’s biggest... https://t.co/8OQysMUpR5
Topic: Nationalism and Indians	Countries: Other than India I don’t know	words: 972 	I will first talk about... https://t.co/XvSvmsTYKA
Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri today went to Riyadh to meet Salman almost three months after unfolding of... https://t.co/qVUBY4jHES
But the fact is that American troops cannot fight a quasi-eternal war in Afghanistan in favor of civilian... https://t.co/n7qX8iZvVd
Afghan Prez. has offered Taliban to be recognized as a legitimate Afghan political grouping provided it reciprocates by recognizing Afghan government. It's a choice between deep sea and devil because forces cannot defeat Taliban but political Taliban is a deadlier face of Islam.
The fact is that it is a dangerous move as not only it would demoralize troops, including Americans, posted there but would also boost ISIL's chances of making a solid base there. The fact is that Taliban is resurgent and is very unlikely to accept the peace offer by Ghani.
But the fact is that American troops cannot fight a quasi-eternal war in Afghanistan in favor of civilian government there. However, Taliban is suicidal and along with ISIL and al-Qaeda is not going to relent upon. So? The answer is that the mess is more likely to continue.
In capitalist society both capital and labor are surplus, there is no subsidy neither unemployment except... https://t.co/mITOjOT6fn
In capitalist society both capital and labor are surplus, there is no subsidy neither unemployment except volunteer. In capitalist society citizens pay for equality and invest in future growth of society. Obviously a capitalism society is fully White and it has no immigrants.
1/0 is not endless; all mathematical operations between finite yield finite numbers or functions. 1/0 is a... https://t.co/DOkz71BtzJ
1/0 is not endless; all mathematical operations between finite yield finite numbers or functions. 1/0 is a mathematical function but is finite. infinity is a measure of endless which is the life of Universe/s and possibly of one human civilization. Universe/s size is/are finite.
About a hundred girls were kidnapped recently. If I could understand Nigeria there is not much worry about that... https://t.co/x8A26nKuZk
Sure, Nigeria is a state but only a half-state. However, in this media driven it tries to be full state. Fact is that North-Eastern state cannot be vacated as Boko Haram will capture but as long as it is not finished it will continue to do all that it wants to do and is possible.
About a hundred girls were kidnapped recently. If I could understand Nigeria there is not much worry about that among governmental elites but still they pretend to repent. Why? Because they have to; there is a standard behavior of a state and such is slowly becoming homogeneous.
Topic: Inter-planetary interaction is impossible	Countries: I don’t know 	words: 476 	If one understands... https://t.co/y2mwT4SNem
So, if May accept Corbyn's proposal she may loose the Tory's leadership in the Parliament or may even loose the... https://t.co/0pae6UKkaL
British opposition leader Corbyn has said that Britain should continue to be part of custom union even after Brexit. May has replied in firm no. The fact is British voted for Brexit with a belief to remain equally distant from US and Europe while keeping good relatns. with both.
British did not vote on reason and also not much on theory; instead they voted in passion strongly believing in a pro-British alien civilization. But game has changed a lot since then and there are lawmakers in majority in Westminster who would see return of UK back to Europe.
So, if May accept Corbyn's proposal she may loose the Tory's leadership in the Parliament or may even loose the trust of the House of Commons. So, it is the practicality which is forcing no showdown with Euro-skeptics.
Topic: Trump administration and Pakistan	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 473 	As much as I can understand... https://t.co/ta8brkC3l9
Syria was a jungle and it has become more like so in recent months. So, no matter what kind of resolution UNSC... https://t.co/1FSYu1sKSv
North Korea and United States can hold a talk but it would be result-less celebrity show kind of talk if North... https://t.co/XCdtItvw4o
Topic: Founding principles of the West	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 647 	There are three major founding... https://t.co/cxIQEkzjrL
As much as I know though I am not that confident that on Constitutional matters there has to be an absolute... https://t.co/RpA4kx9bWH
Topic: Kashmir and Bangladesh	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 689 	Pakistan and India got independence from... https://t.co/TxmVi3ZFxe
Topic: Indian administration in Jammu and Kashmir (J&amp;K) is over but India will never leave the state	Countries:... https://t.co/PSPOnuyen3
Obviously Iranian airlines fleets are old and should be out of the service and that is why crash took place... https://t.co/x3vuqjCSmh
Obviously Iranian airlines fleets are old and should be out of the service and that is why crash took place today. Trump administration would not release any new money to Iran if possible and it will force many of its Western partners to comply on sanctions and freeze.
Israel and Saudi can never be factually on one side for meaningful period of time for the simple reason that they are almost eternal enemy their infrequent tactical	cooperation notwithstanding but then the enmity among the three is real and almost permanent. So, region will boil.
However, United States is a common friend of Israel and Saudi Arabia, so, some cooperation is possible. If Sunni world even mildly cooperates with Israel all hopes of Palestinian statehood are over. Trump administration will never support two state solution in diplomatic circles.
Because of regional rivalry in the Middle East three majority non-Muslim states, viz. Russia, China and India... https://t.co/1uonHm8NHh
Because of regional rivalry in the Middle East three majority non-Muslim states, viz. Russia, China and India obtain that position in the region which is otherwise under normal conditions is not possible. A fight among Jews, Sunni Arabs and Shiites is a welcome thing for them.
Topic: Tudors and sovereignty 	Countries: The entire globe	words: 256 	There are four real sovereigns in the... https://t.co/iwM2JslmM4
Topic: Russia and United States	Countries: The globe	words: 265 	Has somebody ever wondered what would be Russia... https://t.co/o3Qefsv0XG
Topic: Birth and crucifixion of Jesus	Countries: The globe	words: 577 	As much as I comprehend interplanetary sex... https://t.co/wOfGjsWsI1
Topic: A short interpretation of Mahabharata	Country: India	words: 384 	A war of righteousness in India? That... https://t.co/EHemruUMX4
Topic: North Korean nuclear and missile capabilities and non-proliferation	Countries: The entire globe	words:... https://t.co/fC79ftE71F
Topic: Top 5 global political crises of 2018	Countries: The entire globe	words: 447 	International Crisis Group... https://t.co/GrbpSu1EJT
I thought that US markets and data were bubble free but then this crash and its global effects have broken that... https://t.co/PxUw2ly3LQ
DJI lost more than a thousand point yesterday. It was hyper-inflated with expectations of investment from an alien planet. But then neither that planet has the military capability nor wish to invest in the United States. It all fell like a pack of cards. But DJI will revive.
I thought that US markets and data were bubble free but then this crash and its global effects have broken that myth. However, United States markets will revive because of nationalism and American exceptionalism. I do not know how big part of American wealth would be real.
Turkish President Erdogan today met with head of Catholic Church Francis and they discussed Turkey’s membership... https://t.co/hiLLWe8pqy
Russian Air Force is attacking rebel held territories in Idlib province and Eastern Ghouta. Russian military and... https://t.co/4QmYut8asu
Iraq would particularly see problems for Kurdish region post American drawdown and Iraqi Shiites would be the... https://t.co/tKqWyM4fWb
United States is withdrawing its personnel from Iraq to pivot itself in Afghanistan and possibly in Africa. This is much needed move as Iraq war needed to be closed down asap though troop withdrawal can have major consequences for sectarian and ethnic minorities in Iraq.
Iraq would particularly see problems for Kurdish region post American drawdown and Iraqi Shiites would be the victim too. The independence for Kurdish region in Iraq is ruled out and Iraqi demography would see rise of Shiite nationalism which could suffocate Sunnis beside Kurds.
South African President Juma is bound to resign as bargain to seek immunity from court prosecution but perhaps... https://t.co/Srzpl55drY
South African President Juma is bound to resign as bargain to seek immunity from court prosecution but perhaps not immediately as he would see African tide and watch closely global events. I am dead sure that he would give more than six month to Ramaphosa to run for the office.
The ongoing Turkish military operations against the Syrian Kurdish group, YPG, in Northern Syria, have... https://t.co/zYo7ssQVRu
Topic: Can United States win the ongoing Afghan war?	Countries: Many though unspecified	words: 513 	Taliban... https://t.co/ww4IcDJmw9
The fact is that ordinary Afghans want US aid without their military presence. This is simply impossible but... https://t.co/k9F4fRKxVQ
The fact is that ordinary Afghans want US aid without their military presence. This is simply impossible but then Afghans are not so rational people. The fact is that US is there in the region to counter, reduce, and eliminate threats posed to it by various militant groups.
ISIL has claimed responsibility for an attack on a children's charity in Jalalabad in Afghanistan. This shows the... https://t.co/qAhEKYtlCN
ISIL has claimed responsibility for an attack on a children's charity in Jalalabad in Afghanistan. This shows the growing popularity of ISIL in Afghanistan and growing discontent and discomfort with the presence of US-led NATO forces in the country.
Actual decision would depend whether Trump factor is weighed-in by judiciary. He is a macho-man and considered... https://t.co/GlKgxjx7E2
A Brazilian court is to decide whether to uphold or reject conviction of former Brazilian President Lula Silva in the multi-million dollar corruption case. If freed of conviction such would revive the political career of Lula but in reality he is the proven guilty of corruption.
Actual decision would depend whether Trump factor is weighed-in by judiciary. He is a macho-man and considered predator by liberals globally. So if Brazilian court is to keep liberalism intact it would clear Lula of corruption charges, else they're going to uphold his conviction.
Topic: Do Earth evolutionary scientists understand Earth’s evolution?	Countries: The globe	words: 522 	African... https://t.co/8YYSXsnxcY
SDP in Germany are going to vote on whether to start negotiations with CDU. I think they are going to vote yes... https://t.co/2KXXmExwPi
SDP in Germany are going to vote on whether to start negotiations with CDU. I think they are going to vote yes though with a small margin. The reason for doing so would be an imminent worse performance should snap elections become mandatory. SDP leaders should highlight this.
US VP Pence is now in the Middle East he was likely to take in December. I think US under Trump is discovering a... https://t.co/qBTPW8o0iU
US VP Pence is now in the Middle East he was likely to take in December. I think US under Trump is discovering a new world--possibly a promised land outside the solar system. Trump may be enjoying a dreamy day with external  female President. Have a treat, Trump! Good wishes.
What if Rohingya don't return now? Their return will either become impossible or more painful. And what if they... https://t.co/JdE26OvdN0
What if Rohingya don't return now? Their return will either become impossible or more painful. And what if they return? They are likely to be abused; at least their return won't be textbook precise. Such is the problem with poor and dark people, more so, if they are stateless.
The fact is that Afghanistan is going to be very violent this year and the US forces stationed there are going... https://t.co/BWVns7OhXK
The fact is that Afghanistan is going to be very violent this year and the US forces stationed there are going to face major upsurge in violence. Every entity there wants to prove a point--just like everywhere else in the Islamic world--and that is that it is bigger militant.
Turkey and US both are vying for the same influence which is external and will never materialize. The fact is... https://t.co/IM5tAnlTaY
It seems that Turkey is desperate to prove that it is not so influenced by the US. Fine, operations in Afrin may have been influenced by Turkey's self-interests but the fact is that it is operating on premise that it cannot be forced out of NATO or else US interests could suffer.
Turkey and US both are vying for the same influence which is external and will never materialize. The fact is that external player is dud. Mind you, I don't curse and wishthink but then it is my prediction that is bound to happen as per the laws of evolution and its relations.
Rohingya and Bangladesh should seize this opportunity and shouldn't believe in textbook precision for the... https://t.co/PQH78wdOAL
Myanmar and Bangladeshi authorities have agreed to repatriate Rohingyas back to Burma with Myanmar taking 150 refugees each day and the process is to be completed within 2 years. UN is saying that repatriation should be volunteer as safety should be a prime concern for refugees.
Rohingya and Bangladesh should seize this opportunity and shouldn't believe in textbook precision for the former's return back to their homeland as the right violations are less likely to be repeated except for exceptions. But they should confirm the places where they go back.
PLO's supposed plans could create dissent all over the Arab world and could be a source of instability in the... https://t.co/vRpP15CKWu
PLO is mulling plans to disrecognize Israel and to not trust US as honest broker. If plans are adopted then it could lead to end of peace process in the Middle East. I think that such a move would be a bad precedent and could harm both Palestinian and Israeli interests.
PLO's supposed plans could create dissent all over the Arab world and could be a source of instability in the region. Many sub-nationalities could protest and rebel and the entire majorities-minorities relationship could come under dispute. I think PLO shouldn't actualize them.
Topic: Will the United States allow Syrian Kurds to have their own Kurdistan? I think that it is a distinct... https://t.co/nO8H636uhC
United States Department of Defense Central Command (USCENTCOM) has clarified that no Qatari Air Force fighter... https://t.co/6gnZdiDL2T
Why? It  is so because in snap polls the chances of CDU increasing its majority and simultaneously SDF's numbers... https://t.co/Y67bkPkPd4
Whether it would be Merkel-led government or not in Germany? I think the chances of successful negotiations between CDU and SDF are around 0.7 on a scale of 0 to 1. But the fact is that there are hard truths which needs to be faced by both the parties.
Why? It  is so because in snap polls the chances of CDU increasing its majority and simultaneously SDF's numbers getting down are high. And why it cannot be smooth drive? It is so because a majority of SDF's staunch supporters do not approve of an alliance with CDU.
Topic: Will President Trump take a U-turn on Paris Climate deal, North Korea and Iran and if yes then why?... https://t.co/uZgDiTLsTo
Korean Summit would require consent by President Trump and stable stand by Mr. Kim. It is less than mean value... https://t.co/5Wr2NgRgax
Korean Summit would require consent by President Trump and stable stand by Mr. Kim. It is less than mean value of 0.5 on a scale of 0 to 1 that they would eventually agree. So, all in the Korean Peninsula and around the globe should calibrate expectations to appropriate value.
Topic: Economy and aspirations in this social website dominated era	Countries: Possibly the entire globe	words:... https://t.co/5OLuxouz4c
Topic: Rebellion in Syria is almost about to be effectively quelled by Syrian regime; I think within next one... https://t.co/usoUju5eRj
The immediate agenda for South Korea is not to try reform North but to manage latter's coerce. The fact is to... https://t.co/lUKcdRahYd
North Korean and South Korean delegations held talks for the first time after more than 2 years. This is encouraging sign though too high expectations would be wrong. The fact is that President Moon has little other option and he has a delegate task of balancing it out with US.
The immediate agenda for South Korea is not to try reform North but to manage latter's coerce. The fact is to achieve that South would have to offer sops to North but it would not be risk-free. As much as I understand US has no urgent plan to offer money for non-proliferation.
Topic: Will Indian Supreme Court legalize incest relationship while reviewing homosexuality in the light of right... https://t.co/QU8gmadxx5
Authorities in Germany are prosecuting Far Right German party; Alternative for Germany, AfD, for making a hate... https://t.co/2kPimn6mjs
President Trump has threatened to cancel United States’ aid to Palestine Authority as it is not negotiating peace... https://t.co/D7itP074oO
Iranian protests have natural early end as no national leader is supporting them and Iran is so poorly isolated... https://t.co/Ecl57VemDs
Iran is accusing enemy intelligence agencies for protests those that have been taking place across Iran. If by enemy intelligence agencies Iran means CIA then I would disagree as US is poorly placed among ordinary Iranians and CIA may not have teeth at all. This is my guess.
Iranian protests have natural early end as no national leader is supporting them and Iran is so poorly isolated that regional and global powers may not have much leverage there. Sure, social media can help spread protests but they are mostly controlled by the Iranian state.
I am dead sure that US would support peace talks between North and South though North's leader has been very... https://t.co/GdijHjyuzD
North Korea and South Korea have reestablished their official contact since Feb 2016 today and they discussed North Korean participation in Winter Olympics hosted by South. I think that this is a good beginning but would caution South against the complacency. Trust after care.
I am dead sure that US would support peace talks between North and South though North's leader has been very insulting towards President Trump. The US shouldn't act on ego and should look at long term stability of the Korean Peninsula. President Moon has no better option.
I wish a very happy and peaceful new year to all my friends! I hope that great 2018 lies ahead of us all. Enjoy... https://t.co/KWxZirsulR
I wish a very happy and peaceful new year to all my friends! I hope that great 2018 lies ahead of us all. Enjoy the Christmas and new year season!
Many Iranians are protesting against rising prices and what they believe as the flawed economic policy of the... https://t.co/D1xEZrTA1s
I predict humanitarian situation in Yemen in 2018 to worsen even if the warring parties agree for an effective... https://t.co/6RuheBXLBS
I predict humanitarian situation in Yemen in 2018 to worsen even if the warring parties agree for an effective ceasefire though likelihood of such happening is very low. The fact is famine and disease would take higher toll than what sniper fire, air-strikes and landmines could.
Italy is going to have general elections in March. These would be very much watched off elections as performance... https://t.co/ihG3oHsQpU
Italy is going to have general elections in March. These would be very much watched off elections as performance of Far Right and anti-immigrant, anti-Muslim and Euro-skeptic parties would be of much interest and it could reshape the future of Europe. I think it to be a mix bag.
Topic: Short term future of ISIL in the South Asia	Countries: Many and possibly the entire world	words: 430  	At... https://t.co/qqCMkC5itN
Merry Christmas to all faithful and also to those who celebrate and enjoy Christmas with Christians globally!
The fact is that any Palestine state with the world's recognition can only come with the willful, conscious... https://t.co/OOMDywvUXH
It is foolish to think about Middle East peace process without the United States for one very simple reason: Israel will not participate in the process and agree for creation of a viable, independent and sovereign Palestine state without the participation and guarantee from her.
The fact is that any Palestine state with the world's recognition can only come with the willful, conscious consent of Israel. Creating independent Palestine state through force is not only outrageous but complete foolishness of the highest order. So, understand!
Topic: Mr. President you are playing wrong politics! Really!	Countries: The entire globe	words: 842 	The United... https://t.co/4fTSGYlGuP
Topic: Possibilities in Catalonian elections	Countries: The Western, rest of members of European Union and... https://t.co/Orwd1SdLwv
But then Republicans' led tax reforms in the United States which is likely to be passed in US House today could... https://t.co/saEndcofS7
Catalonians are split between 3 pro-unity and 3 Republican parties. I think the neutral 7th may be benefitted which criticizes both parties. I think that vote would be tough though in absence of other factors Republicans would be in slight advantage over unionists.
But then Republicans' led tax reforms in the United States which is likely to be passed in US House today could have a negative effect for Republicans of Catalonia. The world has a very huge desire to balance out American conservatives. So vote is too close to call.
Frankly speaking China serves many American economic interests like no other country in the Rest and it is the... https://t.co/9pm3xwNflt
President Trump yesterday outlined national security policy and almost called China a rival which contest American power, wealth and influence. The fact is that United States has great economic interests in China and this controls and checks abrasiveness between two countries.
The fact is that China is competitor to United States in many fields but it is its relationship with Russia which complicates things for her. The fact is that Russia and China have cerebral will, almost academic with passion, to counter United States vocally at various forums.
Frankly speaking China serves many American economic interests like no other country in the Rest and it is the strategic interests which complicate Sino-American relationship. Sure, President Trump wants many jobs back and US has copyright infringement issues with China as well.
I wonder why Saudis do not put reliable missile defense shield and why did missile reach Riyadh. Don't they have... https://t.co/kG5FV11sMD
There appears no end in sight for war in Yemen as Houthi target a Royal palace in Riyadh. Such is going to escalate tensions and Saudi Arabia is going to react through air-strikes on Houthi targets in Yemen. The fact is that innocent civilians are predominant causality in war.
I wonder why Saudis do not put reliable missile defense shield and why did missile reach Riyadh. Don't they have reliable air-defense system or simply do not trust Americans? The fact is that Riyadh is far away from Yemen and ideally speaking the missile shouldn't reach them
The United Nations Human Rights watchdog’s chief has warned Myanmar’s military and political leadership of... https://t.co/2q7MX68A4x
Had it been not Mr. Mugabe's effect Ms. Zuma would be hot favorite but because of his ouster possibly Mr.... https://t.co/WDVBPUM60C
The fact is that recent events in Zimbabwe could well affect the way ANC leaders voted for the replacement to President Jacob Zuma. Two candidates are front runners: Deputy President Ramaphosa and ex-wife of Mr. Zuma and cabinet minister Dlamini-Zuma. Battle is too close to call.
Had it been not Mr. Mugabe's effect Ms. Zuma would be hot favorite but because of his ouster possibly Mr. Ramaphosa is more likely to win. As per media reports markets are on edge. Fact is that because of fallibility of its leaders ANC has lost the moral monopoly and that's good.
Happy Christmas season! Merry Christmas to all faithful and also to those who celebrate the birth of Jesus and... https://t.co/SwbRQh68CX
Happy Christmas season! Merry Christmas to all faithful and also to those who celebrate the birth of Jesus and holiday season! May Jesus rejuvenate and revive innovation, enterprise and reason in all of us!
Happy Christmas season! Merry Christmas to all faithful and also to those who celebrate the birth of Jesus! May... https://t.co/2WwRWhPuMU
President Putin of Russia in his annual press conference complained about Russia being not treated equal by the US. The fact is Russia is not even militarily equal to the US leave alone economically. However, US should and does continuously and constantly interact with Russia.
Prez. Putin during the conference also said that Russia is being considered as rouge state. This is totally false and is an emotional response by him in wake of upcoming Russian Presidential elections which he is almost certain to win. He should refrain from such utterances.
I am dead sure that United States will not give Russians veto to decide and dictate terns and conditions for political resolutions of Syrian crisis. I also believe that she can do it by keeping a healthy and good relationship with moderate Sunni oppositions and Kurd.
But still the United States should not promise independent land to Sunnis and Kurd as fragmented Syria would create more problems for the region and for the United States. I hope that she would not loose her influence among Sunnis and Kurd and would keep her say in resolution.
The OIC and the United States have been forced into conflict by the decision of President Trump. The fact is that a compulsory conflict of OIC against the US is going to create more problems for Islamic nations than for US but it is expected to continue and would be significant.
I also think that Trump administration's handling of North Korean issue might have dissuaded Alabama voters against voting for Republicans. But it was still a brave fight by Judge Moore.
It was a tough contest in Alabama but the most important reason for Judge Moore defeat was that the allegations on him and President Trump got amplified and they had a domino effect on voters against Mr. Moore. I think #metoo campaign had a negative role acting against Mr. Moore.
India is increasingly finding that the outside world is far more complex than what many of its elites think. The mention of JeM and LeT was absent in a trilateral communique reached after a meeting between foreign ministers of India, Russia and China.
In an interview given to CBS President Macron of France was almost in tears talking about President Trump's decision to withdraw from climate deal. It is indeed difficult for other rich countries to keep up their technology transfer and capital subsidy promises without the US.
Prez. Maduro of Venezuela has decided to ban 3 main political parties from contesting Presidential elections citing Constituent Assembly's rule. But the fact is that such power resides with the courts and regulators and not with legislative. May be it is a segmentation by oppn.
I do not much as to how Russia is doing internally but I know that Russia is doing very well on the foreign front and also that most of Russians would agree. The fact is that it would be a landslide win for Prez. Putin in a fair elections in 2018 elections as he is very popular
President Putin wants to achieve the same position in Syria as broker as the US used to have in the Middle East process. That is why he is on a tour of Syria, Egypt and Turkey. But such a position is not quite possible without the willful conscious consent of President Trump.
V. Putin of Russia visited Syria today. There cannot be any better day for Mr. Assad and it is very likely that he will continue for some significant time. But with this the prospects of ISIL+ 2.0 in the region in original or morphed form will become above mean value. Dangerous!
Secy. Tillerson has cautioned SA to temper its actions in Yemen, Lebanon and Qatar. But it doesn't appear likely that SA will listen except in case of Yemen where it may be more than willing to wind down its operations. Or who knows it needs an excuse to rewind its actions there.
Revoking former Prez.'s citizenship is a lawless act. The fact is that former Georgian Prez. Saakashvili is now stateless person as both Georgia and Ukraine have withdrawn citizenship from him. I think he belongs to Georgia but there he will face unfair trial and would be jailed.
In a Western country seeking public opinion on any matter including seeking secession just can't be labelled as sedition by opponents. The fact is that Spanish govt. in the past has sought Catalans' opinion on their relationship with Spain. Puigdemont can't be tried for sedition.
UK and EU have agreed for the first phase of divorce deal which shows how difficult it is for UK to leave EU's custom union and common markets. The fact is that there are many in May govt. who do not want Brexit and those who want it do not know how they should approach divorce.
Prez Trump has asked Saudi Arabia to let more aid into Yemen and improve the humanitarian situation. The fact is that Saudi intervention has not yielded the desired result and has almost failed. It should try to salvage the situation with the help of US; negotiate a ceasefire.
I think uprising in Palestinian territories are going to be short-lived or if not then it may not last as long as the previous ones had. But US should be wary of and worry about her influence in the region. Sure, Middle East is more divided than ever before but such won't help.
The United Nations is going to be critical of US decision to recognize Jerusalem (though its Western part, I suppose) as the capital of Israel as it has been never before. It would be almost unanimous minus the US. She may loose influence in the region and possibly beyond.
Is Prez. Trump's plan to Palestine: The entire West Bank-East Jerusalem or East Jerusalem+parts of West Bank? If this be the case then it is fine and US will continue to be a mediator or she has unnecessarily shot herself in foot, I suppose. Am I wrong? I wish so; doesn't seem.
With President Trump ruled out who will be Time person of the year? For me there are 3 possibilities: #metoo, Kim Jong-un and Emanuel Macron. I give #metoo the maximum chance as it very aptly exposed exploitation of high end females in celebrity business, politics and business.
Fractures in GCC are clear as not all head of states participating in the Summit hosted by Kuwait. But so great that it is taking place. US gains nothing by schism in Arab or even larger Islamic world and she should lobby for urgent and earliest possible end of Gulf crisis.
Lebanese PM Sa'ad Hariri has rescinded his resignation but the fact is that he would have to compromise on his dissociation policy as Hezbollah is not going to withdraw from Syria and other regional conflicts. I turned out to be wrong on resignation and feel sorry for that.
There is only one way that lower strata can improve its lot in an efficient society--by rich improving their lot with higher measure. Loss of rich is a bigger loss to poor and underprivileged. That's the beauty of capitalism: talented, rich and powerful have assured future.
If somehow USD falls down there can be increase in DWI but so would be other currencies. US exports may not go up;... https://t.co/eGAs2PEDEz
If somehow USD falls down there can be increase in DWI but so would be other currencies. US exports may not go up; neither imports, but still tax relief is overall a good thing as American investment portfolio may be widened and broadened though job creat can be a disputed claim.
There is euphoria at tax reliefs but I think things will settle down as rising inflation coming out of increased deficit may affect economy. Sure, there will be capital movm towards US but inflationary pressure will reduce profits for US listed comp. USD I expect to be stable.
Britain is showing immense flexibility to reach at an agreement with EU and that is why it has increased its... https://t.co/u8sFR7MrWI
Britain is showing immense flexibility to reach at an agreement with EU and that is why it has increased its divorce payment to roughly 56 billion Euro. But then I think that May government is half-sure to leave Europe. It may feel helpless in wake of yes vote. What's the matter?
With the death of Saleh Yemen will be plunged into deeper crisis with secessionist movement in South and Houthis'... https://t.co/tMks1txGuH
With the death of Saleh Yemen will be plunged into deeper crisis with secessionist movement in South and Houthis' upsurge in North taking toll on the Arab world. I think it would be very difficult to keep Yemen united and even more to keep it peaceful and stable without a leader
Houthi rebels shot and killed former Yemeni ruler Ali Abdullah Saleh. With this situation in Yemen has become... https://t.co/KifEgIfqu4
Houthi rebels shot and killed former Yemeni ruler Ali Abdullah Saleh. With this situation in Yemen has become grimmer. No solution for Yemeni conflict in sight this is going to continue. It also proves that Western policies and models cannot be applied to many parts of the globe.
Yemen is in deep mess with fighting war becoming almost a dispassionate profession bringing wages and benefits to... https://t.co/rNYxWOqSE0
Yemen is in deep mess with fighting war becoming almost a dispassionate profession bringing wages and benefits to those involved instead of ethnic passion. I think it is hard to end the war with ongoing Saudi-Iranian rivalry dominating the Middle East. Yemenis are in big crisis.
The fact is as a result of tax reforms Fed is going to raise prime lending rates and because of higher risks in... https://t.co/8CaioYfkMx
The fact is as a result of tax reforms Fed is going to raise prime lending rates and because of higher risks in inflationary economy CRR as well. So American savers and possibly beyond will get better returns. This would add to political and economic conservatism and react to it
As a consequence of lowering of corp. tax I do not advocate US capital deposited in foreign banks returning back... https://t.co/qM8oeYddBk
As a consequence of lowering of corp. tax I do not advocate US capital deposited in foreign banks returning back to her. Instead I support it becoming more mobile, changing hands more frequently and US expanding her role in those nations' economies. US should lend &amp; invest more.
As a result of tax reforms in pipeline US will export inflation and this combined with surge in crude oil price... https://t.co/cB5C7WneaJ
As a result of tax reforms in pipeline US will export inflation and this combined with surge in crude oil price would have disproportionate effects on many of the Rest economy. However, strength of USD and DJI are expected to remain stable because of opposing effects operating.
The United States Senate has passed the Tax Reform Bill 2017. I will talk about this sometime later. This is the... https://t.co/wKDYhV1XGF
The fact is that reelection of Mr. Kenyatta is constitutionally correct as the opposition in Kenya was more... https://t.co/dnON6INnKH
The fact is that reelection of Mr. Kenyatta is constitutionally correct as the opposition in Kenya was more interested in opposing he fighting elections and not much in fighting with him. Pointing out procedural flaws was lame excuse by opposition and the SC upheld his election.
Opposite sides involved in resolving Syrian conflict are showing stress and fatigue. I do not know whether it is... https://t.co/t2sLnZdjKy
Opposite sides involved in resolving Syrian conflict are showing stress and fatigue. I do not know whether it is good or bad for resol. of conflict. But with decreasing involvement of US the possibility of Mr. Assad stepping down becomes almost remote and this could annoy Sunnis.
The increased cooperation over security, integration of markets, connectivity, and trade among SCO countries... https://t.co/Y4RXM7hLbs
The increased cooperation over security, integration of markets, connectivity, and trade among SCO countries should not worry the West. More the creation of stakes among differing nations, more staked the West becomes. Mind you, SCO includes 3 members of BRICS: R, I and C.
UN needs 22.5 billion USD for 92 m out of 135.7 m people in urgent requirement. This shouldn't be surprised to... https://t.co/lnDaGKb8x5
UN needs 22.5 billion USD for 92 m out of 135.7 m people in urgent requirement. This shouldn't be surprised to those who understand that growing population and rising consciousness invariably lead to more conflicts, wars, famine, enviorn. problems and worsening fiscal situation.
Sum total of mass and energy on earth and nearby atom. is almost conserved and growing population would not affect... https://t.co/2XYefgXeUr
Sum total of mass and energy on earth and nearby atom. is almost conserved and growing population would not affect planetary motions but atoms and molecules do not consume and their activities largely do not emit greenhouse gases. Bigger human population, more will be problems.
Topic: I think that Prime Minister May’s response towards President Trump is tailored and utterly disappointing... https://t.co/Jv98cNUqzC
Have you ever wondered as to how many times North Korea can use its nuclear weapons? In my opinion it can only... https://t.co/drXswNbnTk
President Trump on 29th November retweeted anti-Muslim videos posted by a Far Right British group.	In my opinion... https://t.co/bU7wmc9yPY
@WashTimes How many times can North Korea drop bombs? Only once with as many as possible and thus it would choose the most precious targets; targets in the West. While North Koreans pose a threat to a part of the globe but really they pose it to the West and thus it is more a US problem.
@AP If true such would be a bad precedent as International courts at the Hague cannot become a place to do political acts but such an act by Mr. Praljak would polarize opinions and as I was watching al-Jazeera would demand deeper probe into Balkan wars, particularly role of Muslims.
@latimes Possibly somebody has told Mr. President that he has not acted against Muslims and this is largely true. Prez. Trump has been largely neutral towards Muslim public. He does not require to do this as such cannot help him win his reelection bid in 2020. I think he should rethink.
Ivanka Trump Kushner, President Trump's daughter and his special adviser, is in India as she is leading a United... https://t.co/hFqGD099ml
North Korea has tested a missile in the wee hours today disregarding international sentiments, including those of... https://t.co/wevnXWfkez
Indian Supreme Court has asked all politicians to keep mum on Padmavati till the decision about the film is taken... https://t.co/ztM8KCIvpS
Topic: Church and Tudors in the context of Harry-Meghan coupling 	Countries: So many but definitely United... https://t.co/ZnBsJb47vs
One good outcome of Harry and Meghan's marriage in Spring 18 would be that curse and potential disruptions... https://t.co/2SYwTcigkV
One good outcome of Harry and Meghan's marriage in Spring 18 would be that curse and potential disruptions against Tudors would be averted for the time being. The fact is that Tudors are very decent Royals and they can easily adjust themselves to changing British values. .
The shocking wave of liberalism has engulfed the Tudors as well. I think they should otherwise remain... https://t.co/9oMJLpgmKO
The shocking wave of liberalism has engulfed the Tudors as well. I think they should otherwise remain conservative. The engagement of Harry and Meghan is going to have a lasting impact on UK's social values and politics. Sure, there a Tory government legalized same-sex marriage.
Many, in fact most of the Rest states, are doing above what their limits suggest and this puts a lot of burden on... https://t.co/107pptA1Sy
Many, in fact most of the Rest states, are doing above what their limits suggest and this puts a lot of burden on those nations. I think that the West should stop inflating the Rest and should assist them in assessing their true potential. Currency should print the exact value.
I think Trump administration is clear in giving priority to Russia in Syria. While I myself do not support Kurdish... https://t.co/HVISmD5H9F
I think Trump administration is clear in giving priority to Russia in Syria. While I myself do not support Kurdish nationalism I must warn the admin. that militancy in Syria and Iraq can take a newer shape in morphed form and thus US may need allies to deal with future situation.
What is blasphemy? Taking name of Prophet in legislation or not? I think it is former. Is Pakistan confused or... https://t.co/9tSyPZCdGe
What is blasphemy? Taking name of Prophet in legislation or not? I think it is former. Is Pakistan confused or govt. lying? But Pakistani army's decision to not use force against protesters is the correct one. I think Pakistan needs accolade or possibly a good news or rescaling.
Topic: It appears that India and Pakistan are loosing glue within that British provided	Countries: Many though... https://t.co/LJIgkzyLpv
A daring act by ISIL in Sinai Peninsula in Egypt on a Sufi mosque whom they consider heretic has killed at least... https://t.co/mGoXKOLFvw
Topic: Explaining Zimbabwe’s recent events in brief	Countries: Many though unspecified	words: 691 	I predicted on... https://t.co/5lEOFSRunz
Topic: I think Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri will eventually resign from his post	Countries: Islamic and... https://t.co/VQphhr0WS1
Lebanese PM Hariri would be in Beirut today if he keeps his words. The events unfolding thereafter would be very... https://t.co/xI85qpAokX
Lebanese PM Hariri would be in Beirut today if he keeps his words. The events unfolding thereafter would be very interesting as they would  reflect interplay of power-game among Saudi Arabia, Iran and France. I think this term for Mr. Hariri is over and Iranian lobby would win.
There would be temporary celebrations in Zimbabwe after Mr. Mugabe ouster but euphoria will be over very soon.... https://t.co/UE7bqAxsIk
There would be temporary celebrations in Zimbabwe after Mr. Mugabe ouster but euphoria will be over very soon. The reason is that normal usually in Africa are different from many comparable countries in Africa. If South African democracy fails it will be over and out in Africa
Mr. Mugabe resigned as President of Zimbabwe. I do not know whether he did it to protect his interests or resigned... https://t.co/UxWrkL07m2
Mr. Mugabe resigned as President of Zimbabwe. I do not know whether he did it to protect his interests or resigned on the reason or logic grounds but his fate was sealed once the Army kept him under house arrest. I think the fate of Zimbabwe would be like other similar nations.
Happy Thanksgiving Day to my all American friends!
Topic: Radical Islam and population explosion of Muslims	Countries: Possibly the entire globe	words: 469 	Around... https://t.co/0SDYDei6z2
The fact is population explosion, spread of homosexuality and climate inaction all three pose grave threat to... https://t.co/pF9pHCMJsn
The fact is population explosion, spread of homosexuality and climate inaction all three pose grave threat to humanity and to its longevity on earth. The world should be less polarized and this should be true of both the West and the Rest. I think rational theism is the answer.
Mubi, N-E Nigeria! The global Islam is facing a lot of problems and also the entire world because of radical... https://t.co/b8nazscJXC
Mubi, N-E Nigeria! The global Islam is facing a lot of problems and also the entire world because of radical Islam. The fact is that latent schism and disregard for 'them' have become very apparent in post-conscious, postmodern world and such are driving the behavior of Muslims.
North Korean leader Jong-un understands luxury, money, flesh and what not. He doesn't understand sanctions. So... https://t.co/FlbvCdvJUC
North Korean leader Jong-un understands luxury, money, flesh and what not. He doesn't understand sanctions. So newer sanctions by Trump administrations would fall on deaf ears. But they can be very effective; only thing is that as a result tensions in Korean Peninsula will rise.
So, why can't Ms. Suu Kyi challenge Burmese military actions against the Rohingyas? It is so that other than... https://t.co/wQ5qaqf2Yz
So, why can't Ms. Suu Kyi challenge Burmese military actions against the Rohingyas? It is so that other than saving democracy in Burma her position as Burmese state counselor also depends on the consent of Burmese military. Both the democracy and its effectiveness are at stake.
So, why do Burmese Buddhists hate Rohingyas? It is so because they are Muslims and different. It is also because... https://t.co/wJPscfrnxD
So, why do Burmese Buddhists hate Rohingyas? It is so because they are Muslims and different. It is also because they have been made poor by constant and continuous segregation. But it is mostly because they are dark and considered orphans. You know world is really very complex.
@TIME President Donald J. Trump
Rahul Gandhi would be elected as INC President unopposed unless he foolishly induce someone to contest him to... https://t.co/N6uk7qtD1f
It is highly unlikely that disgraced Lebanese Prime Minister Hariri would be reinstated as a Saudi 'agent' tag... https://t.co/qyxFzF1lcH
It is highly unlikely that disgraced Lebanese Prime Minister Hariri would be reinstated as a Saudi 'agent' tag has been associated with him since his resignation as Prime Minister of Lebanon. I think that President Macron is possibly daydreaming. He is very ambitious dreamer.
It is hard to predict German politics but I think Chancellor Merkel would not be able to form the government and... https://t.co/l0xExyYOYs
It is hard to predict German politics but I think Chancellor Merkel would not be able to form the government and fresh elections would be called in though the stalemate would continue. It could be a sad end of a great political career and could churn-in new politics in Europe.
If I could claim to understand few things then I would say that Mr. Mugabe would not resign from Zimbabwean... https://t.co/E7qmsjVViq
If I could claim to understand few things then I would say that Mr. Mugabe would not resign from Zimbabwean Presidency and would fight to save it till last option is not exhausted. His political life is finished though.
Topic: I suggest President Trump seek extension of 2015 Senate law on Palestine	Countries: Many though... https://t.co/9hdRDZutQD
Topic: The controversy regarding film ‘Padmavati’ and my views	Country: India	words: 624 	The fact is that... https://t.co/MpTFYkKJfL
I think President Trump segmented with Republican Congresspersons when he drank water during a session with... https://t.co/YdluArZLtC
I think President Trump segmented with Republican Congresspersons when he drank water during a session with media. It was done to facilitate the passage of Tax reform bill in the Congress. I think like House Senate too will pass the bill.
I think President Trump segmented with Republican Senators for safe passage of his Tax reform bill when he drank... https://t.co/ps3rksbK7y
Cambodian Supreme Court has dissolved Cambodia’s main opposition party paving the way for the incumbents to rule... https://t.co/aaUkdnJuXd
Zimbabwe is in deep political crisis after military takeover of its capital Harare and its President and his wife... https://t.co/fYnrM1qPcK
Topic: What about Secretary Tillerson’s visit to Myanmar tomorrow?	Countries: Many though unspecified but... https://t.co/wC5K2EwYg3
Topic: What is the reality about President Trump’s tweet on Russian meddling?	Countries: Many though unspecified... https://t.co/T1nUnPtg4c
Topic: Mr. President, demand for fair trade is correct and there is informal reciprocity but formal reciprocity... https://t.co/BKRaziNpLW
Topic: Even elites do not understand their systems	Countries: Possibly the globe but definitely United Kingdom,... https://t.co/MXjoGijd7t
I do not think that President Trump has succeeded in his trade issues with China. He complains about big trade... https://t.co/85NdS18U0l
President Trump will be meeting his Russian counterpart President Putin tomorrow during APEC summit to be held in... https://t.co/8yfsxAihbF
In Himachal Pradesh, India, Assembly elections voter turnout is 76+% and this is likely to benefit BJP more than... https://t.co/z5MYUdbvDY
Topic: How peace and stability can be achieved in the Korean Peninsula?	Countries: Possibly the entire globe... https://t.co/fdYcXiVdJC
A few minutes before writing of this status update, President Trump was addressing South Korea’s National Assembly... https://t.co/NzvfazdvSr
Topic: Where do the global oil prices head towards?	Countries: The entire globe	words: 857 	The Middle East is in... https://t.co/55D9pxoeO1
I think that yesterday's Texas shooting was a planned and plotted attack instead of a random hate crime by a... https://t.co/H9pmvdjOi3
Topic: I think that present events in Saudi Arabia are unrepresentative of al-Saud family	Countries: Possibly the... https://t.co/izPOWmGzIn
Happy Guru Nanak Jayanti to my all Sikh friends!
Happy Kaartik Purnima to my all Hindu friends!
Topic: I think Manhattan attack was done to severe Russia-United States ties and make this rivalry apparent in... https://t.co/v1bcqPsNp9
Happy Halloween to all my American friends!
Topic: I think that President Trump is really in big trouble	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 503 	The... https://t.co/TBp2YOkcRF
Myanmar government is planning to harvest paddy fields left by fleeing Rohingya Muslims. The step is practical... https://t.co/7RxVLXt2oS
Expected things happened in Catalonia, Spain. The fact is that regional elections are being called in Catalonia... https://t.co/qgh8cVlgfp
Topic: The Federal government can give exclusive aid to persecuted Christians in the Middle East but then it will... https://t.co/fPa0yJPqOP
Topic: What is happening in Kenya?	Countries: Many, I tell you many	words: 589 	Frankly speaking, I myself do not... https://t.co/gAyzIZr19V
Topic: Both Iraq and Spain are rotting 	Countries: By extension possibly the entire world	words: 305 	See how... https://t.co/g0KIJiuGSx
Chinese President’s term has been extended by at least another 5 years. His name and his ideology have been... https://t.co/dJmsZOY7sn
United States Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is now in Qatar following his talks with Saudi Royal family... https://t.co/2szEKAXcIB
Topic: Europe is in deep mess	Countries: Possibly the entire globe	words: 489 	Centrifugal and separatist... https://t.co/X1aEImJeoA
Topic: LDP may get supermajority in Lower House of Japanese Parliament but still Mr. Abe need not be very happy... https://t.co/2pOUVnuYI6
Topic: China would not change for the world if the world does not change for it	Countries: Possibly the entire... https://t.co/mKKjU8wXno
Topic: Iraqi forces will easily take Kirkuk from Kurdish’ control but it would be so because Kurdish parties and... https://t.co/G4KdBVHVKN
Topic: What will happen in Catalonia post-19 October?	Countries: Many though unspecified	words: 441 	Spanish... https://t.co/kkON0gcfml
Topic: I think that Mr. Maduro’s popularity is misjudged and mostly underestimated in the outside world... https://t.co/NC37pMnAy9
Happy Dipawali to all my Hindu, Jain and Sikh friends! I wish that they excel in their personal and professional... https://t.co/TxKXonTcBM
Topic: What will President Trump do today, Eastern Time, on Iranian nuclear deal?	Countries: Possibly the globe... https://t.co/Ob9o0IMJpc
Spanish Prime Minister has given Catalonia autonomous region’s President 5 days to clarify his stand on... https://t.co/VqHWqw3jFU
California has been burning since this Sunday on many places and wildfire is a regular phenomenon for this rich... https://t.co/qgfJbiPjDd
I think NFL players’ and some spectators’ protests over United States’ national anthem is unfortunate. Sure,... https://t.co/LtMoQDJNeq
Recently Myanmar government has offered to retake fleeing ethnic Rohingya Muslims from Bangladesh who are proven... https://t.co/h3g15Tz2Pv
Topic: What will happen in Syria?	Countries: Many though unspecified	words: 429 	As should be evident from... https://t.co/JVQenOh8FT
United Nations has just released a report criticizing all sides; state and non-state, for their frequent and... https://t.co/nZbNhgcpZv
The International Campaign for Abolition of Nuclear Weapons (ICAN) has been awarded the Noble Peace Prize for... https://t.co/4gyY0Aq8V5
Topic: Decertification of Iranian nuclear deal by President Trump is risky	Countries: Possibly the globe	words:... https://t.co/wfsxZ58Oi6
Saudi Arabian monarch King Salman is due to visit Russia to meet President Putin in Moscow. This is the first... https://t.co/CiAj2HSMqM
Pakistani Foreign Minister Khwaja Abbas will be meeting Secretary of State Rex Tuillerson today in Washington,... https://t.co/DyP0SEnsKi
Both Republicans and Democrats want to induce political reforms in Cuba. Republicans think that by depriving... https://t.co/mA7NHhUMMh
Indian Supreme Court will hear a petition from Rohingya Muslims against Indian Union government’s decision to... https://t.co/4IR2a6fJG4
There was a fatal shooting at Las Vegas yesterday night in which a 64 year old White man shot dead more than 50... https://t.co/pPkq6TXZV3
Iraqi Kurds are in deep trouble as their non-binding yes vote is hardly recognized by any major players of the... https://t.co/jFBHpfPPWD
Spanish Central authorities by their half-hearted attempt and foolish and clumsy ways have pushed many Catalans... https://t.co/FNGcJeD4WY
Happy Vijayadashmi to all my Hindu friends! Go out and enjoy the remaining Rama-lila and effigy burning of Ravana.
Topic: In my opinion Central Spanish authorities are behaving like non-Westerners and almost like a fool on... https://t.co/Gpxb23YWxa
Saudi King Salman has issued a Royal decree ending ban on female driving in the Kingdom beginning June next year,... https://t.co/31I90W5IIW
Topic: What will be the consequences of Kurdish referendum for the region in the short term?	Countries: Many,... https://t.co/JUt4XqcrW5
Topic: What will be the consequences of Kurdish referendum for the region in the short term?	Countries: Many,... https://t.co/HGnxWIukoA
Topic: I think Alternative for Germany is not a good alternative for Germany	Countries: Germany, the rest of the... https://t.co/QV0B2aPC7H
Topic: I think that Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe should have called a referendum instead of calling snap... https://t.co/AVdaSuukUE
I think Iraqi Kurdish referendum to seek independence from the Iraqi Union is going to have far reaching... https://t.co/mXrLWUQELF
It’s almost certain that Germans are going to vote for continuing with Angela Merkel as their Chancellor. But I... https://t.co/cpY5JAY5sb
Topic: I think that Republican Congressional leadership should repeal and replace Affordable Health Care Bill... https://t.co/UlAZTcSrIt
Topic: Why United States will not walk out of nuclear deal with Iran	Countries: A lot many	words: 590 	Despite... https://t.co/hw0Po1Me01
Topic: Two nations, two regions, two referendums (or plebiscites)	Countries: Many though unspecified	words: 301... https://t.co/zvlycO6vtp
Happy Ashwin Navaratri and Rama-lila celebrations to all my Hindu friends! Enjoy the festive season depicting... https://t.co/jPIHR4Wgiz
Topic: Guessing what President Trump would say when he addresses UNGA tomorrow	Countries: The globe	words: 1,518... https://t.co/3gACdB2tBT
Happy Vishwakarma (as per Hindu mythology the principal architect of the Universe) Jayanti to all my Indian masons and tinkers.
Topic: United States by her conscious choice should not agree for a cold war with Russia-China combine neither... https://t.co/aALwMCLUvn
You know why North Korean missiles have twice crossed over Japanese air and landed in Pacific Ocean in less than... https://t.co/a8noCfWexC
Topic: What could be the reality of London Tube attack?	Countries: So many though unspecified	words: 295 	Loose... https://t.co/0Wbkw4wNTZ
Topic: United States should not try to redistill the entire world	Countries: The globe	words: 968 	The United... https://t.co/CocJGzKQwf
Topic: United States should not try to redistill the entire world	Countries: The globe	words: 839 	The United... https://t.co/HZmS893JpO
RSS; the social affiliate and guide of ruling BJP, Chief Mohan Bhagwat said yesterday that ‘Hinduness’ is not... https://t.co/HLW7ily0vs
Rahul Gandhi, Indian national lawmaker, INC Vice-President and scion of Nehru-Gandhi family said at Berkeley... https://t.co/NgupbjUBrA
Topic: United States should not accept economic and biological fatalism and thus she can check immigration and... https://t.co/2n2aeLO1Gr
Topic: How to burst Hurricanes in sea before they lash onto the land?	Countries: Many though unspecified	words:... https://t.co/o8kOtcUHdM
Some Americans, particularly Republicans, are demanding that some citizenship tests for citizenship seekers on... https://t.co/PfOQZSBSWH
Topic: President Trump and the United States-Russia relationship	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 1088... https://t.co/nwHhgekz9B
United Nation’s special envoy to Syria Stefan De Mistura has bluntly told Syrian opposition that they could not... https://t.co/zalTXrweP6
President Trump has offered to mediate between Qatar and the quartet which cut ties with it on 5th June this... https://t.co/rFqDpjFztB
Topic: I think that British political elites have developed a sort of illusion	Countries: Possibly the globe... https://t.co/prN4ELUgJr
Germans are all set to go for Parliamentary elections later this month. I think that German Chancellor Angela... https://t.co/mctWzvSSqp
The top European Court has ruled that it is legally binding on member states to accept mandatory EU quota on... https://t.co/nADGdUP5VK
Topic: Vladimir Putin, Maharana Pratap and Narendra Modi	Countries: A lot many, possibly the entire world	words:... https://t.co/LDkyUv3jJZ
Topic: I think that Rohingya Muslims’ problem will continue but not their forced migration	Countries: Many though... https://t.co/hVrqoFlvNg
Topic: Does the outside world have any answer to North Korean belligerence?	Countries: The globe	words: 591... https://t.co/5Bqtk0b2Ax
Happy Eid-ul-Adha to all my Muslim friends! Enjoy the feast of sacrifice with delicacies and religious fervor.
No big entity wants to continue war in Yemen but it is still going on. The fact is that the war in Yemen has... https://t.co/gMocAsYERr
Texans, particularly residents of Houston, are facing nature’s deep fury. Harvey is taking a heavy toll on the... https://t.co/q5cI772WRa
Topic: Why didn’t the United States and Japan militaries shoot down North Korean missile crossing Japanese... https://t.co/f8KhmCp5tv
Topic: President Trump needs to show leadership while handling Middle East dispute	Countries: Possibly the globe... https://t.co/iCi1zGD08v
Happy Ganesha Chaturthi to all my Hindu friends, especially to Marathi among them.
Topic: Why right to privacy would not annul beef legislations by state Assemblies?	Country: India	words: 506... https://t.co/2R5Z5yn0Mc
The Indian Supreme Court has ruled today that right to privacy is a fundamental right. The 9 member Constitution... https://t.co/p1ISssdYe5
Topic: Indian Muslim females got very little, only symbolic, from the Supreme Court’s verdict as Supreme Court... https://t.co/41XsIlSZpc
Topic: Doklam dispute would not be solved before Prime Minister Modi meets President Xi or else India would have... https://t.co/lEurxjVRny
Hopefully India’s Supreme Court is going to decide on right to privacy by the end of this week. I think the right... https://t.co/5MMX5Zkbfr
Topic: President Trump's probable policy on Afghanistan to be revealed Monday evening Eastern Time (ET)... https://t.co/b0iMe52XCm
Topic: Annual Hajj and Saudi Arabia	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 495 	Saudi Arabia has given permission... https://t.co/lDNXWdhWb0
Topic: Why did ISIL carry out terror attacks in Spain?	Countries: Possibly the entire world	words: 231 	The basic... https://t.co/EkpdSKd7ST
Topic: President Trump’s authority will be restored by the Federal Supreme Court	Country: The United States... https://t.co/Entl0Yfuyl
Topic: Article 370 may be a temporary provision but then it does not have an automatic lapse	Countries: India and... https://t.co/G5z4SV0d4m
Topic: I think the White House and the Capitol Hill should take seriously warning issued by Iranian President... https://t.co/ROM9djJtHc
Topic: ‘Fight to Right’ post-Charlottesville 	Countries: United States though could be of interests to other... https://t.co/UEXnwXrHIc
Happy Independence Day to my all Indian friends!
Topic: India will not boil up and I strongly believe it will never	Countries: India and those which have interest... https://t.co/dm51hbMXIL
Happy Krishna Janamashtami to all my Hindu friends! Celebrate the day with the possible utmost devotion and do... https://t.co/YQaioZmSF4
The fact is that the incumbent Kenyan President Kenyatta has convincingly defeated his rival Mr. Odinga in the... https://t.co/8GxNnVgmuY
President Trump has retained military option, though unspecified one, against President Maduro regime in... https://t.co/NcmyL5OVyG
By this time it has become almost certain that North Korea has dropped its highly imaginative plan to bomb Guam.... https://t.co/MzVVglpm77
Topic: Leader Kim Jong-un is having fun at present but the opposite is true of President Trump	Countries:... https://t.co/n3crjnLYon
Topic: Quit India movement’s 75th anniversary 	Countries: SAARC and Westerners	words: 747 	Today, 09 August, is... https://t.co/1L68M8WpoF
In Kenyan Presidential elections the vote will be tough and close but not as much as international media is... https://t.co/TikRYi57xH
In my opinion South African President Jacob Juma will survive the secret no-confidence vote against him as most... https://t.co/kUOzIwpxk2
Topic: President Trump should be rather careful	Country: The United States	words: 597 	The New York Times has... https://t.co/8p9Qlo8vMj
Happy Raksha-Bandhan to all my Hindu friends!
Happy Friendship Day to all my friends!
Topic: Saudis should not ponder the possibility of breaking up of Gulf Cooperation Council	Countries: Possibly... https://t.co/EIjFcfzJb2
Topic: The future of Iran nuclear deal 	Countries: Many though unspecified	words: 683 	The United States Congress... https://t.co/IAOLl9rRWa
Topic: Reading up the mind of Kim Jong-un	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 837 	North Korea today carried out... https://t.co/sZKqotrQFN
Topic: Pakistani Prime Minister disqualified from office by the Supreme Court of the nation but in a fair trial... https://t.co/lbpmvLUhuc
The ruling JD (U) changed side with it abandoning the secular grand alliance in Eastern Indian state of Bihar and... https://t.co/gLrWpGiJl5
A Professor in Latin-American studies from John Hopkins University was asked by Tim WillCox of BBC in its GMT... https://t.co/X6ACf0WA2m
Topic: Will American decoupling from Syrian rebels work?	Countries: Many; in fact a lot many 	words: 734 	As per... https://t.co/c3YA4rZTmc
Justine Damond, an Australian woman living in Minneapolis, made a stress call to the police about getting... https://t.co/hK2zWbARQW
The dispute between Qatar and its Gulf neighbors is likely to continue for a while. In my opinion Qatar should... https://t.co/PMkLxxaIIs
South Korean President Moon has offered military talks and family reunion with North Korea on 21 July to be held... https://t.co/AaZAFBRQLv
Topic: The effect of unofficial referendum in Venezuela 	Countries: The Americas 	words: 305 	More than 7 million... https://t.co/dXCwvu02I6
Topic: I think that it is more likely that ISIL leader al-Baghdadi is dead than otherwise	Countries: Possibly the... https://t.co/zusC6ljJH1
Topic: Reading up the mind of BJP	Country: India	words: 758 	Even the liberal English media is almost celebrating... https://t.co/lE3BveJviI
Topic: Why the rest of the world is so perturbed by United States leaving Paris Climate deal 2015?	Countries: The... https://t.co/1Yqf9Fnh2R
Topic: President Trump, please rejoin Paris Climate deal but after rescaling American commitments made in the... https://t.co/yWLnMJ2qfD
Topic: Christianity and contraception	Countries: The globe	words: 920 	Do you understand orthodoxy? I do. If... https://t.co/AH25Qe9JXc
Topic: Distributions and psychology of Afghans on the violence and extremism in Afghanistan	Countries: Many... https://t.co/Rq8GgBDfoL
Topic: President Trump and President Putin should be well prepared for their meeting on the sidelines of G20... https://t.co/WQqwNPYfAe
President Trump has posted a mocked doctored video online in which he beats a CNN reporter. Do you understand it?... https://t.co/9BXLrs7YUi
Happy Independence Day to my all American friends! Enjoy the day with your loved ones and people you care about most. May God bless us all.
Topic: It is extremely, extremely difficult for the United States to deal with North Korea at present	Countries:... https://t.co/9uRfWVF11m
Topic: United States should not give oxygen to the prospect of ISIL+ 2.0 in Iraq and Syria	Countries: Possibly... https://t.co/qDtjxWxHmq
Topic: Increase drone attacks inside Pakistan to target Haqqani network but do not withhold aid to the country... https://t.co/ewAy1v6KKm
Topic: United States does not want to attack Syria and this is why she has warned Syria against using chemical... https://t.co/UOZzb0hwF8
Topic: Who loves Hindus? President Trump does not! I think many Indians, especially Punjabis, have... https://t.co/SzRzXbetEu
Happy Eid-ul-Fitr to all my Muslim friends! Enjoy the day and the coming ones.
Topic: Does Islamic world understand their affairs properly?	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 1,229 	Please... https://t.co/UyTFTnv2BN
Happy last day of binding and official fasting in this year's month of Ramadan to all my Muslim friends!
Topic: Ram Nath Kovind will be the next President of India	Country: India	words: 540 	Ram Nath Kovind, a person... https://t.co/cHEJMo4OLO
Topic: Prime Minister May is in deep trouble	Counties: The Western ones	words: 728 	First of all I admit that I... https://t.co/AfcUfsKr8k
Topic: Prime Minister May is in deep trouble	Counties: The Western ones	words: 697   	First of all I admit that I... https://t.co/PYo76rLKUK
Topic: What could be the status of Shariah laws in the United States?	Countries: Western and Islamic ones	words:... https://t.co/1DJlgPuUgg
Topic: It is a smart move by the Pentagon in Philippine 	Countries: Many though definitely Philippine and the... https://t.co/RGKChc7o2q
Topic: Sure, Theresa May’s gamble has backfired but only partly	Country: United Kingdom 	words: 838 	Tories have... https://t.co/hLjqsRCSO3
James Comey, the FBI Director fired by President Trump, replied smartly to questions posed by members of Senate... https://t.co/qApahSH9q3
Suspected ISIL suicide bombers and gunmen initially dressed as women carried out two terrorist attacks in the... https://t.co/0BxU01wq88
It is advantage Tory in tomorrow’s general elections in United Kingdom, even if slight, though possibility of... https://t.co/RPkisATGsX
Topic: Gulf crisis 2017	Countries: Many though definitely the Arab world, Iran and the Western ones	words: 1, 039... https://t.co/wMSng4dCuz
Topic: I think Federal Supreme Court will partly uphold President Trump’s original order of travel ban on six... https://t.co/IBBKXVZ7mY
Topic: Enough is enough: Theresa May after yesterday’s London Bridge and Borough attacks	I will never authorize... https://t.co/AJm1VDRRuE
Topic: Times of India is a liar. President Trump is correct that India and China would gain billions of USD worth... https://t.co/NjCQYuKCAc
Topic: Can United States still lead the world after pulling out from Paris Climate deal?	Countries: The globe... https://t.co/ZtP0eZCnQ9
Topic: Outcastes and Blacks	Countries: Many but definitely India and the United States	words: 1,455 	If I could... https://t.co/nYSRUNCl8f
Topic: How Jesus would restate Ten Commandments in his hypothesized second coming	Countries: Possibly the entire... https://t.co/FSSvDECEmt
Topic: Beef ban and Indian state	Country: India	words: 805 	The Indian Union recently issued a notification... https://t.co/q9knFTwz22
Topic: Where President Trump may go wrong	Countries: Possibly the entire globe	words: 1,165 	No, I am not crazy... https://t.co/Y0mHyezVhx
Topic: Where President Trump may go wrong	Countries: Possibly the entire globe	words: 1,069 	No, I am not crazy... https://t.co/5aQpMk7SCT
Topic: Militancy will revive back in Iraq, more likely so, if after the decimation of ISIL American troops depart... https://t.co/7RQv6R3eV1
Topic: G7 Summit marred mostly by compulsions of domestic politics	Countries: Possibly the entire globe	words:... https://t.co/mKePxRKeUh
Happy beginning and its conclusion of fasting month of Ramadan to all my Muslim friends!
Topic: Are there fatalistic balances in humanity’s evolution?	Countries: The entire globe	words: 1,191 	Suspected... https://t.co/s1jNzwhFdy
Topic: Social and political conflict between the fighting community and outcastes in a small city of Northern... https://t.co/A9M2jKqrc2
Topic: Manchester attack is aimed at creating fissure within the West, particularly targeting trans-Atlantic... https://t.co/QRDr5ZonbQ
Topic: If President Trump repeats President Obama’s words on Islam it will not be plagiarism but then he may have... https://t.co/Wp1RQxyY7Z
Topic: President Trump’s Middle East policy: It is not old wine in new bottle	Countries: The globe	words: 1,351... https://t.co/MSJaVHcFiL
Topic: My views on G7 Summit 2017, Italy	Countries: The globe	words: 1,073 	In my opinion the leading... https://t.co/ewM63TrLQB
Topic: I do not think that President Trump will listen to President Erdogan’s request on Syrian Kurds 	Countries:... https://t.co/bhK8r2z7Gy
Topic: Indian spy Jadhav’s fate hangs in balance	Countries: SAARC, BRICS and the Western ones minus one overlap... https://t.co/Cc0Pl1yxVc
Topic: France should attach due importance to the United States and she should reciprocate	Countries: The Western... https://t.co/LzTkD71Bk9
Topic: Islam, Muslims and President Trump	Countries: Possibly the globe	words:1,068 	It is no secret that... https://t.co/7BQfKFisbH
Topic: I think that the incumbent President Rouhani will be able to defeat Shiite ultra-nationalism in 2017... https://t.co/k9rXUcGyGh
Topic: Personal laws are embedded in Indian Constitution and it is the prerogative of the Indian Parliament to... https://t.co/gQ6Ik9fdjs
Topic: Kulbhusan Jadhav will be retried in Pakistani civilian court with full counselor access and legal support... https://t.co/RdtBDRQ7EJ
Topic: What will happen to Afghanistan-Pakistan border dispute?	Countries: SAARC and the Western ones	words:314... https://t.co/RJI3lWzquA
Topic: Will President Trump agree to Pentagon’s proposal to increase United States troops’ presence in... https://t.co/K3LJkHFjWq
Happy Buddha-Purnima to all my Buddhist friends!
Topic: I think that conservatives will do better in June’s Parliamentary elections in France	Country: France... https://t.co/XFY0w52tYc
Topic: Moon Jae-In is likely to take a U-turn on military relations with the United States after winning South... https://t.co/ewM82ph6qT
Topic: Will the new Healthcare bill reach the Oval Office for President Trump’s signature soon?	Country: United... https://t.co/fdeQJJpXiR
Topic: Will the conservative win in local elections pave the way for Tory’s big majority in general elections?... https://t.co/KBVYPWv1D5
Topic: Will Indian Supreme Court’s confirmation of death sentences in the rape and eventual death case of a... https://t.co/y9WGTpvL8m
Topic: Future of American troops in Iraq	Countries: Many though unspecified	words: 321 	Iraqi Prime Minister... https://t.co/eqEgHuwUII
Tudors want 1.5 million Euro in damages from magazine for publishing Kate Middleton’s topless photos. As far as... https://t.co/Wx8ckHdEwn
Queen Elizabeth’s husband, Prince Philip, will be ceasing his protocol duties by August this year. Philip will be... https://t.co/B0DTMA30QF
I think that it is almost certain that Centrist Emanuel Macron will be the winner of the second round of much... https://t.co/bE0qj3tvE2
I think that general elections in Great Britain are not of much interest as, in my opinion, Tories are not going... https://t.co/qfopqPUC8K
Topic: … but Coptic Christians will continue to support President al-Sissi	Countries: Many but definitely Egypt,... https://t.co/OW6K0d21oe
Topic: United States would require greater Chinese assistance in enforcing tougher sanctions on North Korea... https://t.co/GRb0oG3qVT
Topic: Is Russia arming Taliban?	Countries: The globe	words: 582  	United States Defense Secretary Gen (Retd.)... https://t.co/LxECWQKrYN
Though this could be a mere speculation and a wild guess but in my opinion Afghan Taliban’s attack on... https://t.co/z7ogyxtVPd
Topic: My take on French Presidential elections	Country: France	words: 601 	A terrorist attacked a police... https://t.co/2twUlf8mpK
Topic: Prime Minister May may not be able to achieve her targets in snap polls	Country: United Kingdom	words: 443... https://t.co/Hm70cD8qZt
Topic: Effects of yes vote on Turkish domestic and foreign policies	Countries: Islamic world, Russia, Western... https://t.co/GnuOkfrsti
Topic: Few tips to President Trump	Country: The United States	words: 208 	I know these are unsolicited advices... https://t.co/fRTpRbOuNh
Topic: I support President Trump’s proactive policies but then he needs to act on reason	Countries: Definitely... https://t.co/T39FVL9udB
Happy Easter Sunday to all faithful. Enjoy the day and more. It is a day to celebrate for all Christians of all... https://t.co/pZ1RPrVoCN
Topic: What can happen in North Korea?	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 673 	If the Trump administration... https://t.co/xs7VQd75gd
Solemn Good Friday to all my Christian friends. Let Jesus and his preaching prevail in us till the humanity in... https://t.co/Nkuduo6Z1V
In my opinion President Erdogan of Turkey would win referendum on constitutional changes in the country to male... https://t.co/pbUNI7jEYS
A suicide bomber detonated himself in one of the safest zones in Kabul killing at least 5 people and injuring... https://t.co/0JWpy1kNPD
Happy Vaisakhi to all my Punjabi friends, particularly the Sikh ones. Enjoy the day with a lot of fun and fervor... https://t.co/qUWQfehCTd
Topic: I think Secretary Tillerson should be diplomatic in seeking appointment with President Putin and should he... https://t.co/5eG7WIfXLO
At least 25 people are killed and many more are injured, some with critical injuries, in a Cairo’s Coptic Church... https://t.co/0QkpPREmtZ
Happy Mahavira Jayanti to all my Jain friends! Celebrate the day with utmost religiosity as you have been since the nirvana of Mahavira.
Topic: The future of militancy	Countries: Definitely the entire world	words: 969 	There is nothing called... https://t.co/Xj8woLEpaT
Topic: Russia may target Syrian rebels but should it target YPG it will be very complex situation in Syria... https://t.co/2QsRseDyf5
Topic: President Xi’s meeting with President Trump today and tomorrow in Florida 	Countries: Possibly the globe... https://t.co/vaWuLZDMGS
Topic: Syrian regime is definitely responsible for Idlib province chemical attacks	Countries: The entire world... https://t.co/jn92iypg6l
Happy Ramanavmi to all Hindu friends! End the fast days with great devotion to Lord Rama.  Have a nice day ahead.
Topic: Russia needs to re-look at its military ethics	Countries: All countries involved in Syrian war, Russia’s... https://t.co/KwV6dYgYZz
Topic: Pakistan’s Sufi shrine killings; there can be a sectarian angle and even ISIL one	Countries: Many though... https://t.co/KadVZtxdG5
Happy Chaitra Navaratri  to all my Hindu friends! Happy Hindu New Year to Hindus in many parts of India. Enjoy... https://t.co/o6hlyCy1qZ
Topic: My views on Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi’s first week in office on two counts	Country: India	words:... https://t.co/1hUoNqlEIW
Topic: Mubarak, Morsi and al-Sissi 	Countries: A wider part of globe	words: 695 	Former Egyptian President Hosni... https://t.co/okTy0Q6HVc
Topic: Jihad and crusade	Countries: The globe	words:219 	I know the then United States President George W Bush... https://t.co/857j28bM4i
London Westminster bridge attacker to me appears to be Asian; a South Asian or more probably a Middle Eastern, a... https://t.co/w7SrAHs6I7
Topic: It is a good move by the Trump administration on al-Raqqa	Countries: Many	words: 527 	The United States... https://t.co/vcQ8uxa8tI
Leading theoretical physicist and renowned cosmologist Professor Stephen Hawking said that he might not be... https://t.co/Lg510Nhwkd
Topic: BJP has taken a calculated risk in Uttar Pradesh	Country: India	words: 247 	BJP top brass and newly... https://t.co/V2PpPkxrUs
Topic: President Trump should not do anything to make the Federal government dysfunctional	Countries: Possibly... https://t.co/4wkGPsg5nj
I wonder why President Trump is not seeking Chief Justice Roberts’ opinion on his executive order banning travel... https://t.co/EFtzC6eq5T
INC is protesting about Goa and Manipur Governors asking BJP-led respective coalitions to prove their majority in... https://t.co/UK7idEN2dw
Topic: BJP needs to take lessons from SP’s debacle in Uttar Pradesh	Country: India	words: 707 	BJP won landslide... https://t.co/ccA29OEoQz
Topic: I think Fed is going to increase primary interest rates and the markets are going to react as per the... https://t.co/wArYpSAEhZ
Topic: Arab upheavals and the United States	Countries: A good part of the world	words: 636 	Sure, President... https://t.co/aWHAPDPsKG
I wish a very happy Holi to all my Hindu, Sikh and Jain friends! Have a very wonderful and colorful Holi. Play... https://t.co/zaMI93aFoN
Happy Women's Day to all my female friends on Facebook!
As per an al-Jazeera report there has been steep decline in the compensation paid by Israeli authorities to the... https://t.co/GfjuAKy1Ua
The South Korean Constitutional Court will deliver its verdict on impeached and suspended President Park on this... https://t.co/qpL6ewYQQt
Topic: My predictions about the 2017 Assembly elections in India	Country: India	words: 546 	However, before I... https://t.co/8l1kdgu8Wv
North Korea today carried out ballistic missile tests. Sure, it could be in response to joint South-Korea-United... https://t.co/oLxRfsOUYc
Topic: German Chancellor Merkel and Turkish President Erdogan have segmented	Countries: Many but definitely... https://t.co/9DUGzjl3bG
Japanese Parliament has amended laws in Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s favor to allow him to run for the third term.... https://t.co/84NL8tgtzx
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will be meeting Russian President Vladimir Putin the coming Thursday.... https://t.co/RgoMe3ycmG
Topic: Arguments in favor of Jha’s film, ‘Lipstick under my Burkha (veil) are wrong though I fully support sexual... https://t.co/jsR8HowHjd
Topic: United States is indivisible but United Kingdom is not—a legal aspect	Countries: The globe	words: 664... https://t.co/HBDeXDEyuI
Topic: All have rights to express themselves within the limits provided by law of the land, mind you, all have... https://t.co/CTEsP5nwok
Topic: South Korea should not lobby for polar divisions	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 418 	South Korea has... https://t.co/cDjjXJov0Y
I think after the SOTU address by President Trump major Asian markets will be down and those may include Nikki,... https://t.co/M6GvC9q43B
Topic: President Trump and Center-Right of the United States	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 946 	President... https://t.co/KstLTOU10p
Topic: La La Land and Moonlight fiasco—the polar Left has the potential to harm the productivity of the United... https://t.co/tKTb7dtw9V
Topic: President Trump should be careful in his approach	Countries: Definitely the globe	words: 790 	President... https://t.co/q6aVEiY0Vg
Topic: President Trump and illegal immigration	Countries: Possibly the entire globe	words: 630 	The Trump... https://t.co/l6Zi7lFPMZ
Topic: Shiva and his consort, Parvati, represent inherent contradictions in Hinduism and in larger Indian society... https://t.co/jMCJbbMAeN
Happy MahaShivaratri to all my Hindu friends! Be religious and celebrate the day with great fervor and festivity.... https://t.co/JNzwV9DMnX
Topic: Amnesty International and the United States	Countries: The globe	words: 489 	Amnesty International has... https://t.co/GuccMifgPC
Topic: French Presidential elections will be an interesting thing to watch out for	Countries: Minimally all... https://t.co/HDwktoYGrz
Topic: Social stability in India—priest-fighting communities’ relationship	Country: India	words: 392 	Before I... https://t.co/lK4LoRNYhf
Iraqi Army-led ground forces backed by the United states-led coalition forces have started their operations to... https://t.co/WxTJEcBVdC
Topic: Why Pakistan is highly marked on ISIL’s global radar?	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 724 	What? What... https://t.co/urJ1Fy0Uu3
Topic: How can the ‘two-state solution’ go into oblivion?	Countries: Possibly the entire world	words: 636 	The... https://t.co/cfYAJNA0S2
Topic: Is it a new phase in Indian judicial system?	Country: India	words: 831 	Indian Supreme Court (SC) has... https://t.co/cMN6PgKiQn
Happy Valentine Day to all my adult Facebook friends! Evolve! Kiss-squeak! Have a wonderful day.
Topic: Kim Jong-un wants to defeat President Trump! I tell you it is a dangerous thinking	Countries: Many though... https://t.co/ATnckhbFkR
In my opinion human intelligence has solid part as well—genetic.  Without genes there would not be intelligence... https://t.co/EqJwjcacQg
I think President Trump’s switch to affirm the long-held bipartisan One China policy is a welcome move. The point... https://t.co/4EAkTFRsjI
Topic: President Trump’s travel ban order is not unconstitutional; only thing is that a part of it is incorrect... https://t.co/TNjPx7DJaM
Topic: How Kenyan High Court gave a right-wrong decision?	Countries: Many though unspecified but definitely Kenya... https://t.co/IzLSjlhNPI
Topic: Statist purposes of formal and institutional religions	Countries: The globe	words: 1,187 	It is widely... https://t.co/DrRt9bPXMv
Topic: The world will have to tolerate Assad for a while	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 486 	Amnesty... https://t.co/JqjhZOvrXz
Happy Valentine week to all my Facebook friends! Enjoy the week with your beloved one.
Topic: TRUMP EFFECT—a super-symmetric potential is required 	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 890 	Before I... https://t.co/ceCt6Ml6IC
Topic: Mr. President be careful on Iran or else learn to tolerate Sunni orthodoxy led by Saudi Arabia or else... https://t.co/nAqRk2K5u1
Topic: Mr. President be careful on Iran or else learn to tolerate Sunni orthodoxy led by Saudi Arabia or else... https://t.co/dnXSdxik4s
Topic: ‘Going nuclear’ is a bad option for United States Senate	Country: The United States	words:579 	President... https://t.co/UHz44cfj2o
Topic: Funding the building of wall along United States’ border with Mexico	Countries: Many, particularly Mexico... https://t.co/mjQupgh7La
Jermey Corbyn, Leader of Labour party, today in the House of Commons, Westminster, criticized President Trump in... https://t.co/UV4J1qfYbF
Before I start let me concede that I may wildly go wrong. 	House of Commons, Westminster, will be voting this... https://t.co/VI50W2Og09
Happy Vasant Panchami to all my Hindu friends!
Topic: Has President Trump acted against Muslims?	Countries: The globe	words: 871 	Without arguing even for a... https://t.co/KueWerHHYd
Topic: President Trump order is neither illegal nor unconstitutional	Countries: The globe 	words: 590 	Fine,... https://t.co/yntWXCDuNZ
Topic: President Trump’s executive order on immigration—a legal aspect	Countries: The globe	words: 572 	Let me be... https://t.co/bRhWKxrWm2
Topic: Guessing the talk between President Putin and President Trump	Countries: Many, possibly the globe	words:... https://t.co/8qKOQwl2Ym
Topic: Ms. May should not be perfectionist neither vocal	Countries: Many though unspecified but definitely United... https://t.co/4wDpLxhWJv
Topic: Continue to be brave-heart Mr. President	Countries: Possibly the globe, particularly Mexico and the United... https://t.co/8ycWJs4wwu
Topic: Indian Constitution and Indian society	Country: India	words: 829 	India will be celebrating its 68th... https://t.co/EFz0JcxKL7
I wish all my Indian friends a very happy and eventful Republic Day. Enjoy the day with as much fun and pleasure... https://t.co/xsViNCjltr
Topic: President Trump to voice contact Prime Minister Modi tonight	Countries: Many	words: 535 	President Trump... https://t.co/r0pglP0F0S
Topic: Trump’s inauguration: Why have a fuss over numbers?	Country: The United States	words: 348 	The fact is... https://t.co/bAW5CatNvA
Topic: Astana talks: what if they succeed?	Countries: A good part of the globe	words: 535 	Talks between some of... https://t.co/Of4dr8loJB
Both Chambers of the United States Congress have taken initial steps to undo and repeal Affordable Health Care... https://t.co/X97dWFUcpz
Topic: President-elect Trump’s views on NATO and Europe	Countries: Possibly the entire globe	words: 547... https://t.co/MwAa9mAEoA
Happy Makar Sankranti to all my Hindu friends. Celebrate the day with utmost piousness and festivity. Happy... https://t.co/AG3t7KL8il
Happy Lohri to all my Punjabi friends! Have a treat on the day!
Even though Indians call it tricolor the Indian flag has four colors and it is the blue wheel with 24 spoke which... https://t.co/tkUFd8hzR1
Topic: Will the Department of Defense return to its combat role in Afghanistan? I do not think so unless ISIL... https://t.co/sfcJNi9N2L
I think Minister Jaitley will be able to present Union Budget on 2 February. It will be a balanced one with the... https://t.co/566VzrVzjI
Since Uttar Pradesh (UP) Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav has different plans the patch up between his faction and... https://t.co/DP0HgOT05R
Election Commission and Election Commissioners of India have no authority to regulate decisions by honorable... https://t.co/OReLE0gjE4
Topic: Production-Consumption relations	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 700 	Obviously production depends on... https://t.co/FSmEDGHEaJ
Topic: I think that Sino-American relationship will determine the stability in military situations in the globe... https://t.co/P0sNaGoe6G
I think that Election Commission of India would provide cycle symbol to Mulayam faction of SP and not to... https://t.co/aK7IrWhaXg
Topic: I think something horribly went wrong with Bengaluru girls during New Year Day celebrations but the police... https://t.co/juoNaNIcZQ
I wish all my Sikh friends and those non-Sikhs who follow the principles of Khalsa a very happy and eventful Guru Gobind Singh Jayanti.
Topic: I think Indian Supreme Court is talking a bit of nonsense	Country: India	words: 413 	As per Supreme Court... https://t.co/5aLh788Fm1
Topic: Capitol Hill start business from today	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 603	The United States Congress... https://t.co/NBR7wpix3n
I wish all my friends those who follow Georgian calendar a very happy and prosperous happy new year. Enjoy the day with your loved ones.
Topic: I think that United States Congress should enact a law allowing ethical hacking by the state if such is... https://t.co/PNOrPNAo9i
Topic: Muslim personal laws can be challenged in Indian courts though triple divorce decree is legal except when... https://t.co/FA8gDslK9V
Topic: Mixed faith weddings in Sikh temples are completely legal and valid	Countries: India and wherever Sikh... https://t.co/kRS7kUNP0r
Topic: Pope Francis is the best face of Christianity in the world	Countries: The globe	words: 394 	Pope Francis... https://t.co/zN971ktUFN
A Russian military plane with 92 members on the board has crashed into Black Sea after taking off from a military... https://t.co/UJZkMYwOWg
Merry Christmas to all my Christian friends and also to those non-Christians who celebrate it. May Father... https://t.co/XJ1cUeVaDQ
Topic: I think that the United States will veto a UNSC resolution condemning Israel for its settlement and... https://t.co/QPpgkpHypX
Topic: My explanation of Berlin Christmas market terrorist attack	Countries: The globe	words: 496 	First of all I... https://t.co/kqDPaZ7f7E
Topic: The future of the United Nations	Countries: Definitely the globe	words: 1,331 	The fact is that present... https://t.co/usTcyVOWNy
Merry Christmas to all my Christian friends and also to those who celebrate it, of all races and nationalities.... https://t.co/6tE6hdAQem
Topic: Self-interest, selfishness and President-elect Trump	Countries: Possibly the entire globe	words: 835... https://t.co/XeqW3cb8DU
Topic: Russia and Mr. Trump	Countries: Possibly the entire world	words: 1,042 	So, I did not use President Putin... https://t.co/djC25W6yHQ
Topic: Politics is a great thing, really!	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 520  	As per today’s Times of... https://t.co/iinkgPj8il
Topic: Both SP and BSP are trying to demean and ignore the rise of BJP	Country: India	words: 468 	As per SP Chief... https://t.co/lUbGDPXFK6
Topic: Politics is a great thing, really!	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 460  	As per today’s Times of... https://t.co/cVgOxR7DX5
Topic: Will President-elect Trump’s revision and review of ‘One China Policy’ backfire?	Countries: Many and many... https://t.co/2eAD3GIoXe
I greet all my Muslim friends on the pious occasion of Eid-ul-Milad-e-Nabi (The last Prophet's birthday) !
Topic: Cairo Coptic Church attacks: people are becoming smarter and some of the hardliners have learned some... https://t.co/fUSQ8URr5f
Topic: My views on Russian involvement in United States Presidential elections	Countries: The entire globe... https://t.co/AfwokxQBHG
Topic: In all honesty I think that verdict against Mr. Wilders is incorrect	Countries: The Western ones mostly... https://t.co/OpuAfw9iQG
Topic: House Republicans differ from Mr. Trump tariff plans; I differ from both but more from Mr. Trump... https://t.co/46DsXxOYXk
Topic: I think British Supreme Court should be lesser perfectionist 	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 656... https://t.co/zTo6uvL8lR
Topic: It would be difficult to disarm militias in Libya	Countries: Islamic, Russia and Western ones	words: 589... https://t.co/ChGgRu3FGH
Topic: There is not much to worry about Sino-Taiwanese-American relationship	Countries: Many; in fact too many... https://t.co/AQCfZ0gNmz
Topic: President-elect Trump and modern day consciousness 	Countries: The globe	words: 889 	I am amused by... https://t.co/WyvyQFEOJA
Topic: Indian House Panels to call RBI Governor and economic ministries’ Secretaries to assess demonetization... https://t.co/5LgIXWIF7Q
Topic: Now apex court of India is kidding	Countries: India and the United States	words: 672 	I read a flash on... https://t.co/xaoCAA4lLS
Topic: Oops! You got it wrong again Times of India	Countries: SAARC, BRICS and Western ones with one overlap... https://t.co/6gQMsA0ELX
Topic: Can I say something over political crisis facing South Africa?	Countries: Many though unspecified	words:... https://t.co/Fgt05VM9Cu
Iraqi Parliament has very recently passed a law terming popular Shiite mobilizing forces as part of Iraqi Army.... https://t.co/FXgoZUvDsD
Topic: How should future Trump administration deal with Cuba?	Countries: Many though unspecified 	words: 487	The... https://t.co/o3eT79D8lX
Topic: My take on President-elect Trump’s upcoming Cabinet 	Countries: Almost the entire globe	words: 887... https://t.co/5kqrr7dns0
Happy Thanksgiving Day to all my American Friends! — celebrating Thanksgiving Day
Topic: Is Indian demonetization drive unconstitutional? The answer is no.	Country: India	words: 769 	The... https://t.co/QXLyvn7u5s
A second peace deal to end more than five decades of conflict between the Columbian government and Left wing FARC... https://t.co/82J4BctKQA
Topic: Angela Merkel and German Parliamentary elections next year	Countries: The Western ones and Russia	words:... https://t.co/QHgwK4VMFf
Topic: My views on Indian demonetization drive	Country: India	words: 438 	They are ordinary and obvious but still... https://t.co/mFJpO9l4D1
Topic: Why former French President Sarkozy was voted out in French Republican primaries?	Countries: All the... https://t.co/E8OK2rbA2z
Have a soulful cremation and peaceful burial for all deceased  persons in Railway tragedy near Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh!
Topic: How should United States deal with protests in South Korea?	Countries: Many though unspecified	words: 775... https://t.co/ZSVBwbGWIE
Topic: NATO and American politics	Countries: The entire world	words: 829 	Mr. Trump, now President-elect Trump,... https://t.co/G8VMrABDRv
Topic: The rest of the world should not abandon reason while mourning the victory of Mr. Trump	Countries: The... https://t.co/p92HRuzalQ
Topic: How President-elect Trump should deal with Greece?	Countries: Many though unspecified	words: 671 	First of... https://t.co/qalhMeWrWb
Topic: United States’ policy on Syria during transition period and once after Mr. Trump takes over the White... https://t.co/TgZd6dP7Q4
Topic: President-elect Trump and his Rightist agenda	Countries: The globe	words: 914 	Hillary Clinton: I have... https://t.co/Kb6Wy9mj8P
Happy Kartik Purnima to all my Hindu friends! Happy Guru Nanak Jayanti to all my Sikh friends!
Topic: President-elect Trump and some of his domestic policies	Countries: Many though unspecified	words: 1,042... https://t.co/id14wsYtkx
Topic: Some suggestions to President-elect Trump about issues concerning non-Muslim nations	Countries: The globe... https://t.co/44xvfIw4Sv
Topic: Some foreign policy suggestions to President-elect Trump about issues concerning mostly Muslim nations... https://t.co/EYEFa5c2le
Lyse Doucet, Chief International Correspondent of BBC World, almost cried while talking about Mr. Trump’s victory... https://t.co/O5xoV8tjqH
Topic: Few pieces of advice to Mr. Trump should he become the President-elect of the United States 	Countries:... https://t.co/REwbscHfSN
I thank all my friends who wished me on my birthday. Thank you all once again.
Topic: Privacy and Westernism 	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 399 	British Prince Harry has reacted very... https://t.co/5NGW1XcWRc
Best of luck to both Mr. Trump and Ms. Clinton. If I had vote I would vote for Mr. Trump. In my opinion, if Mr.... https://t.co/rX3GcxjT7K
Topic: Hong Kong’s two lawmakers’ disqualification by Chinese Parliament	Countries: Many though unspecified... https://t.co/U0qQU6iJkL
Topic: Recent United States military move on al-Raqqa is smart one though it is also full of hiccups	Countries:... https://t.co/piWeUSP4Zm
Topic: I think that in India elections’ schedules should be more concentrated 	Country: India	words: 590 	As per... https://t.co/a1Quxva9Ir
Topic: Egyptian Pound’s devaluation is a correct step politically and economically	Countries: Possibly the globe... https://t.co/C4kRnZS8Yw
Topic: I think that the United Kingdom is in a fix	Countries: United Kingdom and rest of the Western ones and... https://t.co/YQV2fzc6SJ
Topic: British Prime Minister Theresa May’s upcoming visit to India	Countries: India and other SAARC nations,... https://t.co/HeGFvsqkr7
Topic: I think #10 and Westminster should understand Northern Irish and Scottish aspirations about Europe... https://t.co/w6sh9oLjaW
Topic: Why does Pope Francis believe that ban on female ordination is forever?	Countries: Possibly the globe... https://t.co/zsNqVxfSb1
Topic: Is the Vatican intervention in political matters correct and helpful?	Countries: Possibly the globe but... https://t.co/rrzUG2Ll6y
Happy Diwali to all my Hindu, Sikh and Jain friends! Let 5 day long festival bring joy, happiness and prosperity... https://t.co/Jh5IuoiQLW
Topic: James Clapper is right but still the United States just cannot recognize North Korean nuclear capabilities... https://t.co/I6RHFMKs43
Topic: The future of ISIL	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 864 	In summary it is bright and I explain you... https://t.co/3KaIe7xsUd
Topic: Equality has to be earned; it is not the law of nature	Countries: South Africa and many others	words: 529... https://t.co/wq6T6qT9Xm
Topic: The future of democracy in Hong Kong	Countries: The globe	words: 731 	The British had no option but to... https://t.co/YiXGPS4PTO
Topic: Can Prime Minister Sharif restore normalcy back in Pakistan before his present term ends?	Countries:... https://t.co/1Ly5oGAsEs
Topic: Can the West deal with refugee crisis effectively?	Countries: The globe 	words: 1,400 	With almost two... https://t.co/aFsO4z2K2b
Topic: Understanding Mr. Trump and Ms. Clinton’s views on capitalism	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 1,049... https://t.co/gZnka8O9oc
South African government has decided to quit International Criminal Court (ICC) calling it discriminatory against... https://t.co/PWlRb1Nslp
Topic: Consumption is a must for economy to be viable and healthy religious and ideological opposition... https://t.co/Oo9aT7cUIf
Topic: I suggest Modi-government to be judicious and cautious over history writing and about its education policy... https://t.co/JTGOSGhyOd
Iraqi Army backed by Kurdish forces, Shiite militias and Sunni fighters and supported by coalition air-strikes... https://t.co/t9oqsEPAGm
Topic: UNESCO has given Israel fodder to chew for a long time	Countries: Possibly the entire globe	words: 557... https://t.co/olWBZ0nJ2I
Topic: Comparing Mr. Trump and Ms. Clinton’s policies on Syria 	Countries: Many though unspecified	words: 1246... https://t.co/Cfx1XhznMO
Topic: What will happen in BRICS nations’ summit to be held in Goa, India, on 15-16 October?	Countries: Many... https://t.co/E1NT0x7VQ5
Topic: Jammu and Kashmir (J&amp;K) is a part of India but legally speaking not its integral part as many say here in... https://t.co/PzAlkSnx0P
Happy Vijayadashmi to all my Hindu friends!
Topic: Few tips to Mr. Trump on his campaign trail	Country: The United States	words: 329 	No anger, no... https://t.co/ukxCCrUxLG
Topic: I think President Hollande of France must meet President Putin of Russia when the latter visits Paris on... https://t.co/3Oe8mK9JlR
Topic: Can Mr. Trump win November Presidential elections?	Countries: The globe	words: 887 	Sure, American and... https://t.co/8gQfcCBKgi
Topic: Following Centrism does not mean espousing nihilism	Countries: The globe	words: 1014 	The United Nations’... https://t.co/Lgr2I9gh9A
Topic: When will Afghanistan be able to run its economy on its own? 	Countries: Afghanistan, NATO and EU minus... https://t.co/tVfUoIlQMP
Topic: “Come with me and I will take you to a party in cold”	Countries: EU countries, United Kingdom and the... https://t.co/h3ZGFxApkM
Topic: Decoding Russian game-plaqn in Syria	Countries: Possibly the entire globe	words: 919 	It appears to many... https://t.co/EvZFBveVA8
Topic: A short note on New York-New Jersey bombings	Countries: Possibly the entire globe	words: 581 	The... https://t.co/m6lKrsiGRV
Topic: Diplomatic flexibility in Saudi Arabia, China and Russia and religious freedom for others there	Countries:... https://t.co/fKzwYjleq0
United States military attack killed 60 Syrian soldiers in ISIL held city of Deir-ur-Zor. As per Department of... https://t.co/yC8g4yMdCh
Topic: How can Europe deal nationalism inside its territories? 	Countries: Possibly the entire world	words: 1,042... https://t.co/JMqgVZnB3d
Topic: Projecting Russian Parliamentary elections results	Countries: Russia, CISR and the Western ones	words: 372... https://t.co/S1Icr8bdmd
Happy Vishwakarma puja Day to all my Hindu friends, particularly to those belonging to the backward and rear castes. Happy labor!
Topic: Japan or rather Japanese people should be more cogent and focused	Countries: Asians and the United States... https://t.co/eRg4PJPWdc
Topic: How Israel got such a big defense aid from the United States?	Countries: Many though unspecified	words:... https://t.co/uCkHwzqaAC
Topic: Can a ceasefire, when it comes into effect today evening Syrian local time, hold on for long enough to... https://t.co/QHQ4fvpJ5r
Happy Eid-ul-Adha to all my Muslim friends! Enjoy the delicacy and sweets.
Topic: World is more complex than what it was 15 years back	Countries: The globe	words: 1308 	Today is the 15th... https://t.co/Ob1Yaq3cg7
Topic: Pakistan should be cautious about hurting Americans and the United States interests in the region... https://t.co/cgSmQ7g0JW
Topic: Kim Jong-un is following into the footsteps of Bashar al-Assad	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 918... https://t.co/FX9wiaORHy
Topic: There is no nation other than Saudi Arabia which can organize annual pilgrimage 	Countries: Possibly the... https://t.co/5ITKoMWzde
Topic: Anglo-Protestantism and Central Church 	Countries: Many but definitely the United States, Vatican and... https://t.co/AemyhjhxoN
Dilma Rousseff, the suspended, impeached and now ousted President of Brazil, has vowed to fight against her... https://t.co/LwNnagiVbs
Topic: Russia should lead through example in Syria	Countries: Many	words: 476 	Russia is not supporting President... https://t.co/QACXcAfbeJ
Topic: Canonization of Mother Teresa	Countries: Almost the entire globe	words: 734 	You know once I was... https://t.co/CIb5GxNE8e
Happy Ganesha Chaturthi to all my Hindu friends, particularly Marathi ones!
Topic: Definitely the world needs to re-look into itself	Countries: The globe	words: 581  	Peter Dolby, the tall,... https://t.co/zFowTzs5Mx
Topic: Definitely the world needs to re-look into itself	Countries: The globe	words: 528 	Peter Dolby, the tall,... https://t.co/IWTI7JyNfl
Topic: Summarily, how Britain should proceed with the formal divorce with the European Union?	Countries: Many but... https://t.co/B1KBJzDIgg
Today is the D-day for suspended Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff, as the Senate there is going to vote on her... https://t.co/kPBwUCKHNV
Republican Presidential nominee, Donald J Trump, would be meeting Mexican President, Enrique P Nieto, in Mexican... https://t.co/r6qU9FwhDf
Topic: Indo-US S&amp;E dialogue	Countries: SAARC and Western ones, particularly India and the United States	words:... https://t.co/p6EiGYBAZA
Topic: May I predict future in Northern Syria?	Countries: Many	words: 758 	Turkish Army tanks have entered Syrian... https://t.co/cmeV4EcAWl
Topic: French top court suspends ban on burkini but I think eventually it would be back	Countries: Western ones... https://t.co/WMQ1I2WWXz
Topic: It is up to the victims to accept or reject triple talaq and mind you, I am serious	Country: India	words:... https://t.co/ycrpuaiZJb
Topic: I think that the apex court would uphold Bombay High Court’s verdict to allow women to enter ‘sanctum... https://t.co/TAXBGeW8LK
Topic: How should United States treat Kurdish fighters in Syria and Iraq?	Countries: Arab world, Iran, Russia and... https://t.co/CxO0LVyCvZ
Topic: What should Saudis and Americans do in Yemen?	Countries: Arab world, Iran and the United States	words: 438... https://t.co/S7dJKAmy0T
Happy Krishna Janamashtami to all my Hindu friends! Live your day in the reverence of your Lord.
Topic: Krishna and his relevance for Hindus today	Country: Mostly India	words: 1,338 	‘We meditate on the lovely... https://t.co/TYOvO0QaNT
Topic: The dynamics of Indo-China border dispute	Countries: Many but definitely India, China, Russia, Pakistan... https://t.co/eZWVK5o8A0
Topic: Did India have a viable alternate to Nehruvian model of economy in its early post-independence era?... https://t.co/zkUwrNrGRZ
It is a very calculated, though risky, move by Department of Defense United States to put its special operation... https://t.co/P6fPmqjiui
Topic: Ms. Clinton is running her campaign very professionally as compared to Mr. Trump	Countries: United States... https://t.co/TT1oTgfDxg
Topic: It’s frozen time in Kashmir—predicting Indo-Pak politics 	Countries: Many but definitely South Asians and... https://t.co/E2M7Ygpd4r
Happy Raksha-bandhan to all my Hindu friends!
Topic: Two examples of biasing	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 867 	While listening to a news clip in BBC... https://t.co/eA5HiZxKew
Topic: Macroscopically India is a positive state, microscopically it is a mixed one	Countries: India and those... https://t.co/ViavmtgBsY
Happy Independence Day to all my Indian friends! Let the torch of nationalism and patriotism be lit in you and it never extinguishes.
Topic: Creation of Pakistan from British India	Countries: South Asians, neighbors and Western ones, may be a few... https://t.co/pBuJEkG63I
Topic: Germany’s smart internal security moves 	Countries: Many but definitely Germany and Turkey	words: 320... https://t.co/fhzPd23gJA
Topic: I think that the United States should use grant of IMF loan to bring about real political changes in Egypt... https://t.co/uSCQP6Rt5F
Topic: GST will homogenize the political world more than Indian economy	Country: India	words: 598 	Indian... https://t.co/NK14y8Qdvg
Topic: Can United States target Syrian regime forces?	Countries: Many, particularly Arab, Russia and Western ones... https://t.co/zY5TrXytzJ
Topic: It seems that China’s neighbors are slowly loosing interest in democracy	Countries: Possibly the globe... https://t.co/jsuZ7v4QHK
Topic: How a personality is affecting Venezuelan people?	Countries: Many though unspecified	words: 766 	But... https://t.co/zygfpLa7ee
Happy Friendship Day to all my friends!
Happy Naga-panchami to all my Hindu friends! Enjoy pudding, boiled spiced gram seed and sweetened boiled wheat grain.
Topic: Is President Obama pro-outcaste?	Countries: Many but definitely India and the United States	words: 875... https://t.co/1fMrTrMlCH
Topic: I do not think Obama administration should have paid interest to Iran after releasing the frozen money... https://t.co/4WJCeemnug
Topic: Bank of England eases down interest rate	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 306 	I thought it would not... https://t.co/gu8Y2FGZgk
Topic: I think Scotland Yard should ponder deeply about London knife attack	Countries: Many though unspecified... https://t.co/LId7keF4GA
Topic: Rio Olympics 2016	Countries: The globe	words: 705 	Sporting events are starting in Rio from today though... https://t.co/uZEFPuOyK5
Topic: Analyzing Vicente Fox statement about Adam and Eve	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 662 	Vicente Fox... https://t.co/ebuX5iuuTu
Topic: Can Syria survive the possibility of disintegration?	Countries: Many though unspecified	words: 508... https://t.co/1SkR15I2LT
Topic: The world is becoming increasingly crazy but Mr. Trump is not ignorant of Islam. The political masters of... https://t.co/UBqhbL64nH
Topic: The world is becoming increasingly crazy but Mr. Trump is not ignorant of Islam. The political masters of... https://t.co/sZjE3t6Bt5
Topic: South Indian lawmakers show feistiness not rare there in South India	Country: India	words: 684 	AIADMK... https://t.co/8iWkHGYIT3
Topic: Hypothetical Trump administration’s policy in the subcontinent on non-defense strategic matters	Countries:... https://t.co/mCG89nM3ur
Topic: India and Pakistan cannot resolve any dispute in-between them through bilateral means	Countries: SAARC,... https://t.co/aGzTRUGxdf
Topic: India and Pakistan cannot resolve any dispute in-between them through bilateral means	Countries: SAARC,... https://t.co/tfM9W8wu5h
Topic: Relationship with Russia can sour should Hillary Clinton wins the United States Presidency	Countries:... https://t.co/gVqozs4VC2
Topic: An outcaste Indian maid speaking in New York City; a short story	Countries: Wherever consciousness matters... https://t.co/cQEZij3Iz4
Topic: Can the West effectively deal with ISIL?	Countries: The globe	words: 1275 	By this time even the most... https://t.co/X9AqitcHZn
Topic: Indian feminists are blinded by categorical perception and are many times mischievous	Countries: South... https://t.co/5MZ9JgMDUf
Topic: I think that recent events after BJP leader’s remarks on Mayawati are damaging to both national parties... https://t.co/bvqk9soJXz
Topic: Attack on a Munich shopping mall 	Countries: Possibly all	words: 315	An eighteen year old German-Iranian... https://t.co/UuB6DbyAZJ
Topic: I think that it is driven economics from Donald J Trump	Countries: The globe	words: 1184 	Republican... https://t.co/ucGCYjvD4H
Topic: I think that it is driven economics from Donald J Trump	Countries: The globe	words: 1064 	Republican... https://t.co/cLORzOa66g
Topic: Uttar Pradesh BJP leader’s remarks on Dalit leader Mayawati and Dalit empowerment	Country: India	words:... https://t.co/fesURdYFoy
Topic: President Obama and his failed policies in the conflict prone parts of the Islamic world	Countries:... https://t.co/VyQQb17ilE
Topic: President Obama and his failed policies in the conflict prone parts of the Islamic world	Countries:... https://t.co/E24kyk5NOO
Topic: United Kingdom’s nuclear submarine trident	Countries: Many though unspecified but definitely BRICS and... https://t.co/fQOZZ5MWBH
Topic: I think Dalai Lama should seek peace with China without any hesitation	Countries: China, India, United... https://t.co/V4xWR8dNwH
Topic: Chance and God	Countries: The globe	words: 1115 	So, you are a theist and you pray either in a Church or... https://t.co/wY5v7E5Rfa
Topic: How ‘United Kashmiri Divided Kashmir’ can be win-win situation for all stakeholders	Countries: SAARC,... https://t.co/0QUZIRqaia
Topic: Why Secretary Kerry is telling the world that the United States did not have prior knowledge of coup in... https://t.co/VG0Dcvjhhn
Topic: Turkey would be more distant from most parts of the rest of the world after the failed coup	Countries: The... https://t.co/joyFukcAeY
Topic: I think it is over-projection from media; INC cannot play Brahmin card in UP because of Sheila Dikshit in... https://t.co/5NCDiaHiTr
Topic: It is perfectly normal for Indian politicians to interfere in RBI’s work	Countries: Many though... https://t.co/cxDb480468
Topic: President Hollande, please do not hesitate to seek help from the United States if France requires so!... https://t.co/9ZQyCm9hXs
Topic: Is it Obama administration’s last ditch effort to put Russians on board over Syria?	Countries: Possibly... https://t.co/XA9u1TICzm
Topic: Chinese belligerence in the South China Sea	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 643 	International... https://t.co/Gf54Ns8hVp
Topic: Ongoing conflict in Kashmir	Countries: Many, but definitely South Asians, United Kingdom and the United... https://t.co/HV5mqw9X2w
Topic: Now Brexit is confirmed under all circumstances 	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 833	Leading... https://t.co/CMTSPBReYJ
Topic: Trump will not quit if he wins the prized Presidency	Countries: The globe	words: 376 	Reports are emerging... https://t.co/ijRLLjoy6c
Topic: Trump will not quit if he wins the prized Presidency	Countries: The globe	words: 171 	Reports are emerging... https://t.co/Die1vyLC7j
Topic: Priyanka Gandhi is not as big underdog as Chetan Bhagat says in the Times of India	Country: India	words:... https://t.co/0fk4funtLM
Topic: United States should be very watchful on racial matters after Dallas shootings	Countries: Possibly the... https://t.co/yeAod8KZB3
Topic: Can United Nations help bring peace and stability in Syria? How will Syria rebuild itself if some peace... https://t.co/SMN2LLS6Uv
Topic: Globalization and income disparity	Countries: Definitely the globe	words: 563 	Many people all over the... https://t.co/yQPdRtUy0C
Topic: The United Kingdom should not become a society of fools	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 804 	Kabira... https://t.co/Lscwx56aUf
Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) has cleared former Secretary of State and present Democratic Presidential... https://t.co/WOfzudpRk1
Happy Eid-al-Fitr to all my Muslim friends! Enjoy the day and thereafter.
Topic: Americans should know that except for very few, no nation and people outside the West would be thankful to... https://t.co/6wZuXtasGI
I am dead sure that it was ISIL which attacked Prophet Mosque in Medina, the second holiest shrine in Islam, but... https://t.co/oc8Cl1rXWn
ISIL suicide bomber attacked a shopping mall in a posh district of Iraqi capital Baghdad on wee hours of Sunday... https://t.co/bnWmrpNuYJ
Happy Independence Day.
Topic: It is ISIL which is responsible for Dacca massacre and not Pakistan’s ISI	Countries: The globe 	words: 559... https://t.co/BEQYAVcVDf
Topic: ISIL wants to distill the globe along cultural and religious lines 	Countries: Definitely the globe	words:... https://t.co/g5MzuTCP5S
Happy Independence Day weekend and the big Day (4th of July) to all my American friends! Have terrific three days celebrations.
Who should be Mr. Trump’s running mate? I think the person has to be relatively moderate; almost Centrist, expert... https://t.co/yKG5A0V2di
Topic: I think Mr. Trump should become more Centrist in his approach  	Countries: Possibly the globe or minimally... https://t.co/oDXH7CRHqX
Topic: World should expect British general elections within a year at the most	Countries: Possibly the globe... https://t.co/oJREFizAXI
Topic: ISIL attacked Istanbul airport for political purpose	Countries: Possibly the globe but definitely Islamic... https://t.co/3vSEBFPflJ
Happy last fasting Friday of the month of Ramadan to all my Muslim friends!
Topic: Indian banks’ growing bad loans to Indian elites—a socio-economic explanation 	Countries: India and... https://t.co/gCk9NZiPev
Topic: Pentagon’s wars in the Islamic world 	Countries: The globe	words: 1463 	If I could predict the location of... https://t.co/0tf9NZIYjk
Topic: New Israel-Turkey’s deal	Countries: Many though unspecified	words: 1098 	After the mediation by United... https://t.co/ostSkaRWCt
Topic: How Brexit will affect British and rest of global economy?	Countries: The globe	words: 1426 	A general... https://t.co/Hmmh3NaI9g
Over 1.5 million Britons have signed a petition on calling a second referendum vote on Brexit. I tell you this is... https://t.co/9sRoXFKPeE
President Obama on Brexit said yesterday that he respected the decision of Britons to leave EU and that his... https://t.co/vkwJfawcu5
Topic: I think Europe should rethink about expanding its functionalities	Countries: The globe	words: 943	There is... https://t.co/b3w1W6IRaS
Topic: I think no concerned party should have ego over Scotland	Countries: The globe	words: 562 	Scottish people... https://t.co/X6XdyIhSO7
British Prime Minister David Cameron has decided to quit by October this year. Boris Johnson, two time London... https://t.co/t73VJR7juT
United Kingdom has voted to leave European Union (EU). It’s a sad day for Prime Minister Cameron as people are... https://t.co/wXzxl8JfoB
Topic: Capitalism, Brexit and subsidies	Countries: The globe	words: 1087  	British voters as a majority have... https://t.co/qrwG5cz54b
Topic: The reality check on Kashmir dispute	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 759 	Pakistani authorities... https://t.co/YmpSEfHjuX
Topic: Krishna and his dark color	Countries: Primarily India though it can be of interest to others too	words:... https://t.co/N0RK7TBSqi
Topic: Krishna and his dark color	Countries: Primarily India though it can be of interest to others too	words:... https://t.co/oeWbj08fre
Topic: Krishna and his color	Countries: Primarily India though it can be of interest to others too	words: 793	But... https://t.co/o063gH34fJ
Topic: Krishna and his color	Countries: Primarily India though it can be of interest to others too	words: 708... https://t.co/UxluFvm1vF
In my last small argument on Brexit I would like to remind Britons that staying with the treaty Union would make... https://t.co/Q1wqNX3pkn
Topic: I think China should reconsider its position on India’s NSG membership bid	Country: Possibly the globe... https://t.co/EU7IpXGnlL
Topic: Racial and cultural purity and equality	Countries: The globe	words: 920	I will give few examples to... https://t.co/OPdN3VWxMQ
Topic: Patterns on Brexit in the United Kingdom	Countries: Many though unspecified  	 words: 1121 	There is a... https://t.co/llmQ8X2Zay
Topic: PSYCHOPATH 	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 2717	Warning: If there is a single reader of this update... https://t.co/jB4FcLp5Dv
Topic: PSYCHOPATH 	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 2584	Warning: If there is a single reader of this update... https://t.co/ogfP7qB8rp
Topic: PSYCHOPATH 	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 1605 	Warning: If there is a single reader of this update... https://t.co/MRNKg29YOp
Topic: United States House of Representative rejects bid to slash and stop aid to Pakistan	Countries: Many but... https://t.co/wf07vCqviJ
Topic: I think Egyptian President al-Sissi is serious	Countries: Possibly the globe but definitely Islamic, BRICS... https://t.co/0LuywVI8Ty
Topic: Orlando shooting and Birstall attack on a Labour national lawmaker, Jo Cox 	Countries: Definitely the... https://t.co/KLKPPYREve
Topic: Can India host Summer Olympics in the earliest possible slot?	Countries: Many though unspecified	words:... https://t.co/gnjiwK3s2j
Topic: India bill fails to take off at Capitol Hill	Countries: Possibly the globe or minimally a big part of... https://t.co/V0Iwo2Hxat
Topic: Donald Trump’s policy on the Russian Federation	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 760 	Sure, United... https://t.co/DVv9K5EDWq
Topic: Donald Trump’s policy on the Russian Federation	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 524 	Sure, United... https://t.co/QN1vp5zQBl
Topic: American trade surpluses and simmering global conflicts	Countries: The globe	words: 948 	Just think about... https://t.co/URbh9hgulx
Topic: India and liberty for all	Countries: India	words: 418 	Non-Indian nationals as a group, including... https://t.co/sIiGpPqfRf
Topic: The evolution of Saudi society	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 965 	Earlier the normal thinking was... https://t.co/H03RqLJVBu
Topic: Immigrants, Democrats and Republicans	Country: United States	words: 747 	On wee hours of Sunday a... https://t.co/LasLB2FJnw
Topic: Orlando attack is a plot to divide American demography and polity	Countries: Possibly the globe though... https://t.co/lA5SYLszYa
Topic: Abortion is not an unrestricted right of a woman	Countries: Possibly all, particularly those belonging to... https://t.co/Gd5qiG6KSH
Topic: Never conjecture history nor project a false future	Countries: Possibly many but specifically India	words:... https://t.co/EpwBxMlhGc
Topic: Never conjecture history nor project a false future	Countries: Possibly many but specifically India	words:... https://t.co/9mmA3ntPbO
Topic: Never conjecture history nor project a false future	Countries: Possibly many but specifically India	words:... https://t.co/L75t9Iy6bn
Topic: United States policy on Pakistan and Syria	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 797 	As a law if the... https://t.co/vu2Sw17L3p
Topic: I think that Professor Hawking is wrong on his new premise about a new Universe emerging out of a massive... https://t.co/S2FWIvmid4
Topic: I think that the United States Department of Defense will not entertain request by India to take limited... https://t.co/GCYqNv2ixM
Topic: I think that the United States Department of Defense will not entertain request by India to take limited... https://t.co/m7nvT0JGhw
Topic: Waqf board’s property and Hindus in India	Country: India	words: 452 	Shiite Waqf board has said that two... https://t.co/YDGAIb2M1e
Topic: Will Rajnath Singh be the Chief Ministerial face for BJP in UP Assembly elections due in the first quarter... https://t.co/XLa23FQMZq
Topic: What other effects Brexit could have on polity?	Countries: Possibly the globe, particularly United Kingdom... https://t.co/0m7YtL2LCm
Topic: What should be Trump’s trade policy?	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 836 	The Republican Presidential... https://t.co/ISvNZVuoFM
Topic: What’s the Indian GDP?	Countries: India and mostly Western ones	words: 461 	Officially, India’s per capita... https://t.co/csHg7KpXWT
Topic: Indians should never forget that MTCR is a non-proliferation regime	Countries: Possibly the globe	words:... https://t.co/T6icFwZESh
Topic: Indians should never forget that MTCR is a non-proliferation regime	Countries: Possibly the globe	words:... https://t.co/sahKk1nIP7
Topic: Assessing Donald J Trump	Countries: United States and possibly many more	words: 853 	Democratic Party... https://t.co/Y1KRqAzlqq
Topic: Swiss voters rightly reject ‘basic minimum income’ 	Countries: All Western and possibly others too	words:... https://t.co/hJ7GYlsJ9J
Topic: What would be next United States administration’s policy on Afghanistan and Iran?	Countries: Many though... https://t.co/l18NhTpoqz
Topic: Times of India is Brahmin and it will always be	Countries: Many though unspecified	words: 518 	Even if you... https://t.co/GQPUzSHeKb
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is going to meet Swiss President Johann Schneider-Ammann today in... https://t.co/5ckANVUmGY
In his meeting tomorrow Eastern Time with Prime Minister Modi President Obama is going to highlight importance of... https://t.co/TmQAqxFtLD
Happy beginning of fasting month of Ramadan (starting in India from 7 June this year) to all my Muslim friends.... https://t.co/7VJIbK3XNf
Topic: Average Indian does not have to do anything with Indian government’s foreign policy, particularly... https://t.co/QZppMssDYo
Topic: Hillary’s slur on Trump	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 862 	Democratic Presidential hopeful Hillary... https://t.co/v2hCtxlKsE
Topic: How would Mr. Trump and Ms. Clinton, in my opinion, would deal with India?	Countries: India	words: 398 	On... https://t.co/Cw4fNf8o89
Topic: How would Mr. Trump and Ms. Clinton, in my opinion, would deal with India?	Countries: India	words: 363 	On... https://t.co/OKoCwPFwLx
Topic: There is no alternative to two-state solution	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 620 	French President... https://t.co/MNvSygICjt
Topic: Few things that Prime Minister Modi can admit in the United States	Countries: Many though unspecified... https://t.co/oUIRalKnRh
Topic: An interview with world’s most able physicists, Professor Stephen Hawking	Countries: The globe	words: 1771... https://t.co/gvA8RCuioo
Topic: A conversation between a Republican White couple in 2016	Countries: Many though unspecified	words: 1965... https://t.co/S4YmacVUEQ
Topic: A conversation between a Republican White couple in 2016	Countries: Many though unspecified	words: 1673... https://t.co/O2U1C1XxEG
Topic: Military operations against ISIL are more likely to succeed	Countries: The globe	words: 524 	Ongoing... https://t.co/rThKD9tpPD
Topic: My views on French worker unions’ protests	Country: Many though not specified	words: 783 	French trade... https://t.co/MAcKeCDfvC
Topic: My views on French worker unions’ protests	Country: Many though not specified	words: 755  	French trade... https://t.co/i2WUGc2gi6
Topic: Indian Health Ministry is not going to desex condom packs	Country: India	words: 516  	The Health Ministry... https://t.co/abeIiUwgch
Topic: Indian Health Ministry is not going to desex condom packs	Country: India	words: 497 	The Health Ministry... https://t.co/Yq5zUiB0Qa
Topic: Jesus did not have option to choose between socialism and capitalism but still Bible preaches both... https://t.co/exVfFk0g7p
Topic: Culture, economy, complexity and expansionism	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 928 	Japanese Prime... https://t.co/wbErnxFsXA
Topic: Complexity, a poem	Countries: The globe	words: 531 	 Rest: 	‘We are one and we are equal	So share your... https://t.co/MMtfdzT8Xb
Topic: A view from India’s premier institution on Modi-government	Country: India	words: 1623 	(This is Indian... https://t.co/N4OeilRxWY
Topic: Analyzing Churchill’s statement	Countries: The globe	words: 759 	Former British Prime Minister Winston... https://t.co/85LLKLXWyj
Topic: Analyzing Tocqueville’s statement	Countries: The West	words: 644 	Nineteenth century French philosopher... https://t.co/DAjdpLc0lO
Topic: I think that for NSG membership signing NPT is almost binding	Countries: The globe	words: 542 	India... https://t.co/EX6DxtmdsG
Topic: Feminism, sexism and United Nations’ probable female Secretary General	Countries: The globe	words: 1154... https://t.co/TYYUo321vn
Topic: Feminism, sexism and United Nations’ probable female Secretary General	Countries: The globe	words: 1081... https://t.co/v6N2aSLJWy
Topic: Feminism, sexism and United Nations’ probable female Secretary General	Countries: The globe	words: 778... https://t.co/BlEmmzjW5B
Topic: Feminism, sexism and United Nations’ probable female Secretary General	Countries: The globe	words: 637... https://t.co/ac8tFxcKPQ
Topic: Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro is facing intense heat; the country is indeed in deep trouble... https://t.co/rGi0ew8Efd
Topic: Prime Minister Modi and Muslims 	Countries: Possibly the entire globe	words: 487 	India is not an... https://t.co/yeEkV6FZ6S
Topic: Indian leaders should not be complacent about ISIL’s spread to India	Country: India	words: 522 	Indian... https://t.co/G0mAB8KCFB
Topic: Will or rather whether Turkish President Erdogan go Egyptian President al-Sissi’s way?	Countries: Many... https://t.co/Ri1qKbbGY6
Topic: My views on killing of Taliban Chief Mullah Mansour by United States drone strikes	Countries: Possibly the... https://t.co/2qAg9OEM3N
Topic: Why girls in India perform so well in regular examinations and why they do not in competitive exams?... https://t.co/6UIPxGetOd
Topic: Congolese man’s death in Delhi	Countries: India, African and Western ones 	words: 367 	A Congolese man was... https://t.co/zyFMYxuIaY
Topic: I think that the United States will put certain conditions on India	Countries: NATO, BRICS and SAARC ones... https://t.co/zQwh1wO3iS
Topic: I think that the United States would put certain conditions on India	Countries: NATO, BRICS and SAARC ones... https://t.co/qGEmAWbeoU
Topic: SP to show green concerns in upcoming Uttar Pradesh polls in 2017	Country: India	words: 503 	A very... https://t.co/BT80RvKewy
Topic: Donald Trump and Muslims	Country: Possibly the globe	words: 1123 	Did you ever wonder what billionaire... https://t.co/PJFz1v14kc
Happy Buddha Purnima to all my Buddhist friends and also to those Hindus who fast on the day for Siddhartha... https://t.co/NGXGHyvR7W
Topic: Can new Taiwanese President reset Taiwan-China relations?	Countries: Possibly the globe 	words: 275 	The... https://t.co/H5a7IloWu8
Topic: My explanation of Egyptian Air plane crash	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 457 	As per Greek civil... https://t.co/nOvj2glUoR
Topic: Can BJP governments stop infiltration from Bangladesh?	Countries: SAARC and the United Kingdom and the... https://t.co/UfkbaOg3Hl
Topic: A very brief analysis of Assembly elections' results in India	Country: India	words: 749 	Assam: BJP... https://t.co/jEMKT6Kxit
Topic: Maharana Pratap versus Akbar	Country: Mostly India but could be of some relevance to Pakistan and... https://t.co/lZXu79M5Sj
Topic: Maharana Pratap versus Akbar	Country: Mostly India but could be of some relevance to Pakistan and... https://t.co/QcsbobaKmT
Topic: Maharana Pratap versus Akbar	Country: Mostly India but could be of some relevance to Pakistan and... https://t.co/DmyM3KjLKu
Topic: NRI status should not be a hurdle for extending RBI governor’s term in office	Country: India	words: 419... https://t.co/JoawAucK6A
Topic: Donald Trump, North Korea and Russia	Countries: Definitely the globe	words: 823 	Billionaire Donald Trump... https://t.co/G5WePTzr7I
Topic: President Obama, Donald Trump, India and Pakistan	Countries: SAARC and Western ones mostly	words: 937... https://t.co/uJ35cjuHui
Topic: President Obama and American military involvement in Islamic countries	Countries: The globe	words: 1092... https://t.co/ZMO6fu33pp
Topic: Why liberal media does not like conservative leaders and why they are so dominant in the United States?... https://t.co/ICwkEjWZ10
Topic: “We will give our own way, you (EU) go yours”: President Erdogan of Turkey	Countries: Islamic, Western and... https://t.co/l1l15JJY78
Topic: I think Trump camp should include more professionals	Country: The United States	words: 605 	I am of firm... https://t.co/Ltin0L61Vo
Topic: Sure, Indian women are relatively conservative but because of social-security fears and need not be... https://t.co/ahDwuTOM9N
Topic: Can the Supreme Court of India direct Union and State governments when doing so affect their finances?... https://t.co/mmgmuKTc4J
Hezbollah Commander Mustafa Badreddine was killed near Damascus Airport on Tuesday where he was leading Hezbollah... https://t.co/PVuNI32gbZ
Topic: Bangladesh plunging into lawlessness	Countries: SAARC and Western ones 	words: 728 	Bangladesh has very... https://t.co/mTcdk9vfO2
Topic: How can Africa address its growing demographic complexity?	Countries: Possibly the whole globe	words: 1052... https://t.co/hRfbChvptH
Topic: I advocate Great Britain staying within EU but more for political reasons than for economic reasons... https://t.co/HrSMm5cup8
Topic: Consensual wife-swapping is not a crime even from Indian legal viewpoint!	Country: India	words: 567... https://t.co/NTEf1fognX
Topic: Why should Iran reform on social matters and can it in any conceivable time?	Countries: Possibly the... https://t.co/D33OHiQ2VK
Topic: Iran will not send Hajj pilgrimage this year	Countries: All Islamic ones 	words: 375 	Saudi Arabia is the... https://t.co/RqdXx1Pnl9
Topic: I think British Prime Minister Cameron should be more diplomatic	Countries: Many	words: 588 	British Prime... https://t.co/fJOn2DP2Hr
Topic: Philippines President elect Duterte would not be inutile but he may not be a successful President either... https://t.co/rJMRzwy61P
Topic: How can a nation determine its father of Nation?	Countries: Many though I will be specific about India... https://t.co/xO9k1kIpVM
Topic: Is linear thinking on ISIL correct one?	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 725 	A suicide attack today... https://t.co/Da1qsQTaGP
Topic: Is linear thinking on ISIL correct one?	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 719 	A suicide attack today... https://t.co/6mu8NfqyqI
The impeachment proceedings against Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff, looked all set to continue after the... https://t.co/8OzxECEsJU
Topic: It’s well done United States Special Operation Forces!	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 411 	United... https://t.co/dophdN6dq2
By all account Harish Rawat-led INC government supported by BSP and independents has won the trust vote. BJP... https://t.co/kTVXQj2Hq6
Topic: If Federal court could intervene then North Carolina would loose the lawsuit or else it would have to call... https://t.co/CqrCH2nnUU
Topic: Donald Trump as a Republican candidate in Great Britain	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 1521 	Donald... https://t.co/Efsk5pUitD
Topic: South Asia, China and United States Presidential hopefuls	Countries: Many	words: 492 	First of all India... https://t.co/nNL4RHXLDY
Topic: Mother India; a short story	Countries: Many	words: 1924 	This is a story about Delhi based Northern Indian... https://t.co/9wmuvAkqta
Topic: Mother India; a short story	Countries: Many	words: 1857  	This is a story about Delhi based Northern... https://t.co/gNEo1u0oiq
Happy Maharana Pratap jayanti to all my nationalist friends!
Happy Akshay Tritiya and Parasu-Rama jayanti to all my Hindu friends!
Topic: Mother India; a short story	Countries: Many	words: 1818 	This is a story about Delhi based Northern Indian... https://t.co/oSV9FJFKJP
Person of Pakistani origin, son of bus-driver and Labour candidate, Sadiq Khan, became Mayor of London. He is the... https://t.co/LhFqRS9Yxq
Topic: Are Arun shourie’s comment about Prime Minister Modi correct ones?	Country: India, though the comments... https://t.co/0Y8d6Totfq
Country: India, though the comments could be relevant to all important nations interacting with India	words: 697... https://t.co/fl3xIGVXJW
Topic: Are Arun shourie’s comment about Prime Minister Modi correct ones?	Country: India, though the comments... https://t.co/iKrWf4MD26
Topic: Sure, Bombay High Court’s decision on beef is totally correct but I do not think that judicial authorities... https://t.co/hWoBtUIF2x
Topic: Investment and conservatism in investing countries	Countries: Possibly the entire world	words: 976 	First... https://t.co/Es4vHpUggp
Topic: President al-Sissi, deposed President Morsi and Egyptian people 	Countries: Egypt, other Arab countries,... https://t.co/vfTpyFqy7a
The Brazilian Supreme court on Thursday discharged Edward Cunha, speaker of the Lower House of Brazilian... https://t.co/WdnkIWaszS
Topic: Can Aung San Suu Kyi balance Myanmar’s relationship with China and the United States?	Country: ASEAN,... https://t.co/QQ968p4kMG
Topic: Will India ever try to contain China?	Countries: Many	words: 777 	I remember reading in an English... https://t.co/RKr7Ewc52b
Topic: Fate of breakaway regional lawmakers from INC will decide the Center’s stand on Uttarakhand 	Country:... https://t.co/8LC8jrU46M
Republican National Committee Chair, Reince Priebus, called Donald Trump the Party’s presumptive nominee after... https://t.co/3Zcd5R5iSH
Topic: Analyzing Walt Whitman’s statement	Countries: Many but definitely Western ones	words: 453 	Noted... https://t.co/8nJNEYtt04
Topic: I think rethinking their relationship with the United States makes European Far Right groupings crazy... https://t.co/ceciSOMvir
Topic: I think that EU executives will be able to convince suspicious lawmakers in European Parliament about... https://t.co/b7ZcCaiZRL
Topic: Supreme Court is correct on education but only qualitatively and not quantitatively	Country: India	words:... https://t.co/49rV1l049J
Topic: An invisible person (IP) pretending himself to be Rama hypothetically visiting India, a short story... https://t.co/B6q2wzpmQu
Topic: Rama hypothetically visiting India, a short story	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 1453 	Rama:... https://t.co/WxybqAl4lX
I tell you that eventually with the help of Russians Syrian forces would be able to exert full control on Aleppo... https://t.co/RlNKaLoHob
Real Estate tycoon, billionaire, and Republican nomination hopeful Donald Trump is desperate to prove to... https://t.co/9dNic2GIx9
Topic: Primarily theists of one religion going to different places of other faith 	Countries: The globe	words:... https://t.co/xwhS5RjGQ0
Topic: International Labor Day and the United States	Countries: The globe	words: 763 	The Labor Day in the United... https://t.co/Xah6av13vX
Topic: Never forget that for non-linear systems whole is not the sum of parts and European Union has still... https://t.co/XeolGJ5IMJ
Topic: My predictions on Assembly elections 2016 in India	Country: India	words: 273 	I did it a few months back... https://t.co/QGqyACuHPS
Topic: I would suspect even topmost Pentagon generals if they say that United States military can take away... https://t.co/RFUQtiy1Mn
Topic: I would suspect even topmost Pentagon generals if they say that United States military can take away... https://t.co/efDJT4rj5I
Topic: INFLATION: a short story about hyper-imagination of very educated Dalit (outcaste) boy and societal... https://t.co/wMY9LU7aqK
Topic: INFLATION: a short story about hyper-imagination of very educated Dalit (outcaste) boy and societal... https://t.co/gvWjtogugJ
Topic: INFLATION: a short story about hyper-imagination of very educated Dalit (outcaste) boy and societal... https://t.co/L3CNN5UruA
Topic: As per Supreme Court it is better to dance in bar than beg in streets	Country: India though ruling can be... https://t.co/OSJ8PVJyMW
Topic: Angrez ka bachcha kya jane Angrezi jane hum (We Indians are better in English than natives (and possibly... https://t.co/dNHbm4sbeo
Topic: Of course, BSP does not understand Kali	Country: India	words: 543 	Kali is perfect nude for Shiva; not... https://t.co/rC1wxl0hoP
Topic: Can United States meet its objectives in Syria?	Countries: Many though unspecified but surely Islamic,... https://t.co/BuPGVHHBXf
Topic: The Pentagon would increase its leverage vis-à-vis Indian defense establishment by transferring... https://t.co/r6HQj0R056
Topic: Can India grow at 9-10% annually for at least three decades?	Countries: India and investing and host... https://t.co/5K6Ho7V8dW
It was abnormal in judicial sense to see Harish Rawat government reviving for a day and he issuing many orders,... https://t.co/PdPSGtBdjM
INC has sought adjournment of Question Hour on the very first day of second phase of Budget session in the Rajya... https://t.co/KfarK1HaIr
Topic: Few reasons for Britain to stay in the European Union	Countries: Possibly the whole globe	words: 659 	I... https://t.co/IvqbKVdwOw
Happy Hanuman Jayanti to all my Hindu friends!
Topic: Is disapproval of beef taking really a test of resilience for Hindu-dominated Indian society?	Countries:... https://t.co/7GFvuxkEV0
Topic: Indian President can go wrong. Sure, but what’s new about it?	Country: India	words: 591 	Uttarakhand High... https://t.co/p7dcD7d8WG
Topic: Queen Elizabeth turns 90 tomorrow	Countries: Many, mostly commonwealth and the Western ones 	words: 441... https://t.co/XzIiGJao0t
Topic: Political issues which Saudi Arabia and the United States should discuss	Countries: Possibly the entire... https://t.co/KsVnJ1VMT9
Topic: How big Brahmin India as a nation is?	Countries: Many though not specified but definitely India and the... https://t.co/JTncXc7ZCP
Topic: How big Brahmin India as a nation is?	Countries: Many though not specified but definitely India and the... https://t.co/RnXZJu8kQ7
Topic: What should be American policy on Israel?	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 743 	There is no converging... https://t.co/Xks6mJMEOW
Topic: What should be American policy on Israel?	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 704 	There is no converging... https://t.co/36apXRVGpw
Topic: Immigration battle in the United States finally reaches Federal Supreme Court	Countries: A big part of the... https://t.co/Sj3SJW14zV
Happy Mahavira Jayanti to all my Jain friends. Celebrate the day in your own way.
Topic: Mr. Dasgupta is mostly correct but misses a very important point about Indian elites	Country: India	words:... https://t.co/MZxWEMiQii
Topic: The tussle between the civilian leadership must end in Iraq	Countries: Arab, Iran and the Western ones... https://t.co/TwA0NVCauC
Topic: I think that no one can tarnish the brand-image of Times of India but then many times it publishes rubbish... https://t.co/rnCfrKOZxz
Topic: Saudi Arabia clips wings of its moral force	Countries: Almost all nations	words: 532 	In Saudi Arabia... https://t.co/wWb7z6SYJG
Topic: Vishnu closer to Rama would incarnate in India, if it is still a possibility in this high conscious era... https://t.co/7VKL7h6kUb
Topic: Is Indian Army’s proactive strategy a correct one?	Countries: Many though unspecified	words: 523 	Indian... https://t.co/1yIKC5uudw
Topic: ‘Bring back our girls’	Countries: Nigeria, Cameron, Chad and Western ones	words: 334 	Two years back, this... https://t.co/DQpN0bnBVh
Topic: Dr. Ambedkar, outcastes and reservation 	Country: India and the United States	words: 1014 	Before I start... https://t.co/3quRSHplHO
Happy Rama-navami; the birth date in Lunar Hindu Calendar of the seventh incarnation of Vishnu, Lord Rama, as per... https://t.co/p4S9hiKrlk
Topic: I think that externalities related to security and economy is going to be a key factor in people’s voting... https://t.co/7Qih77VDqn
Topic: Positivity of Khalsa that I can imagine	Countries: India and wherever Sikh diaspora live	words: 845 	I am... https://t.co/0aV7ueSK27
Topic: Understanding Galileo Galilei’s statement	Country: Possibly the whole globe 	words: 544 	Galileo Galilei a... https://t.co/UuiYB3WUYp
Happy Ambedkar Jayanti (birth anniversary) to all my Indian friends, particularly to outcastes and downtrodden... https://t.co/O6dB9fAFcm
Topic: Impeachment proceedings against Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff is not a Parliamentary coup though she... https://t.co/FDtgN7cYbw
Topic: Impeachment proceedings against Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff is not a Parliamentary coup though she... https://t.co/hTpoQc4g7c
Topic: Should we criticize Indian police force as an exception?	Country: India	words: 670 	In an opinion piece in... https://t.co/FqwYiDskTi
Topic: The more the social conflicts the more the polar politics and this is true globally	Countries: All but... https://t.co/gYaIEoucEV
Happy Baisakhi festival to all my Punjabi friends, particularly to Sikh ones. I also extend my warm greetings to... https://t.co/dGCp01a8RI
Topic: What if hypothetically caste factor is contained or even eliminated from Indian society?	Country: India... https://t.co/vXj1kFrh8V
Topic: The rational limits on expansion of Western beliefs and culture outside its destined territories... https://t.co/faETOH8zyw
Topic: The rational limits on expansion of Western beliefs and cultures outside its destined territories... https://t.co/WB020fqpy2
Topic: The rational limits on expansion of Western beliefs and cultures outside its normal territories... https://t.co/DMuJaJLqKr
Topic: Deliberations on why there can be spaceship civilizations or minimally other humanoid civilizations in... https://t.co/sxhYTpnRDN
Topic: Demographic and social equations in the United States will show rescaling through variations in scale and... https://t.co/4tLW2ZkEch
Topic: Pope Francis is almost correct; Bishops and Christian priests should support him, but still the Vatican... https://t.co/3ldOynlTlc
Topic: Pope Francis is almost correct; Bishops and Christian priests should support him, but still the Vatican... https://t.co/sKIsD7y0N6
Topic: Is the peace process between India and Pakistan still on?	Countries: South Asians and Western ones and... https://t.co/hWZ4ciWzbG
Topic: Can Republican leadership and Trump campaign reconcile? And if yes, then how?	Country: The United States... https://t.co/LeMPbwjPVV
Topic: Micro versus Macro—India is a tough battle ground 	Countries: India and also those countries where... https://t.co/dsWHerhfh4
I wish my all Hindu friends a very pious and religious beginning of Vikram Samvat. The Samvat calendar starts... https://t.co/0JC8aClRth
Topic: Can BJP fight UP elections on the issues of development and growth alone?	Country: India	words: 913 	Uttar... https://t.co/fqaPX8p5sX
Topic: Mob in India do not have the right to take law into their hands	Countries: India and its likes	words: 233... https://t.co/WYQG57V0El
Topic: Aung San Suu Kyi is using tactics of previous junta regime to control Burmese military and save democracy... https://t.co/VuZ2ct2jR3
Topic: Aung San Suu Kyi is using tactics of previous junta regime to control Burmese military	Countries: Many... https://t.co/nqnXg9BYgD
Topic: BJP women wing UP Chief's casteist remarks on Dalits (outcastes)	Country: India	words: 570 	Uttar Pradesh... https://t.co/q5GDAvHKAX
Topic: High Muslim clergy have limited options	Countries: Possibly the entire world	words: 416 	Imam... https://t.co/SXReuiOjvQ
Topic: A part of Alawite community in Syria distances itself with Shiite sect	Countries: All Islamic countries... https://t.co/Z0gGRc2Pca
Topic: Chanting Bharat Mata ki Jai (Victory to Goddess India; Hail to mother India) is indeed un-Islamic	Country:... https://t.co/9SPD1lUGym
Topic: To whom do Gandhi and Ambedkar belong?	Country: India	words: 401 	The fact is that officially Gandhi is... https://t.co/yQKmoy0Dnz
Topic: Can rapist of mentally ill be tried under child abuse law?	Countries: India though possibly others too... https://t.co/Sb0JkJLnX5
Topic: Bombay High Court order on women’s entry into all temples	Country: India	words: 618 	Bombay High Court... https://t.co/8HrGFaH4em
Topic: Tata and sons (India) may negotiate closure of their steel plant in the United Kingdom, if possible... https://t.co/0i8fm1bWnh
Topic: Is the (Indian) media anti-Hindu?	Countries: India, the United States and the United Kingdom	words: 850... https://t.co/Ho8I8EJrgW
Topic: Sikhs soldiers are likely to loose lawsuit against the United States Department of Defense	Countries: The... https://t.co/HwKkwvJ5pm
As per media reports Federal authorities in the United States have unlocked the iPhone of San Bernardino... https://t.co/FXJaynraNh
Topic: Cypriot and Egyptian officials did very well in the fake hijacking incident	Countries: Many, possibly the... https://t.co/88MPyWdaSg
Topic: I think that the Supreme Court will uphold Nainital High Court order	Country: India	words: 715 	I think... https://t.co/Ls1jYJFMjR
Topic: I think that Republican Presidential hopeful Donald J Trump should put a proper foreign policy team and a... https://t.co/8YjTGtoDYL
Topic: Quantum of trade-deficit will decide the evolution of cordial relations between India and China	Countries:... https://t.co/kFy99ZIXnc
Topic: Crisis in Uttarakhand 	Country: India	words: 385 	Indian Union government yesterday imposed President’s... https://t.co/OfxVGmDMl1
Topic: Christians being targeted by Pakistani Taliban on Easter Sunday	Countries: Many	words: 311 	Jamaat... https://t.co/MUayLJxBJr
Topic: Digital immortalization should be more interactive and psychiatrists should be used by companies and... https://t.co/vZEDa3F6vm
Topic: Virat Kohli’s Sikhism religious gesture after India’s victory over Australia in ongoing T20 World Cup... https://t.co/QrqyoH9xgu
Topic: The moral consequence of a sole life-supporting planet in this entire Universe	Countries: The globe	words:... https://t.co/bxTblre5mw
Topic: The West is triumphant and will always be	Countries: The globe	words: 931	Anne Applebaum recently wrote an... https://t.co/M0gtb2J2sE
Topic: How ISIL polarizes the Islamic world and the rest of the international community?	Countries: Possibly the... https://t.co/hz1JwCN00J
Topic: Why PDP has decided to continue the alliance government with BJP in Jammu and Kashmir?	Countries: India... https://t.co/f10HT8tbTS
Happy Easter Day and next 40 days of enjoyment and cherish to all my Christian friends! Relish the festivity of... https://t.co/EF74RhEzKi
Topic: What help the United States can offer to Belgium in latter’s probe to this Tuesday’s bombings?	Countries:... https://t.co/tjbeMUY2AL
Topic: Do you know what India would be without caste system?	Countries: Possibly the entire world	words: 375 	As... https://t.co/4SE9eYsnDK
Topic: I think that Iraqi city of Mosul will be retaken by Iraqi Army from ISIL in remaining term of President... https://t.co/WMqMNl9owr
Solemn Good Friday to all faithfuls. Believe as much as a pious Christian can in God, holy spirit and God's son,... https://t.co/llegMuMeBA
Topic: Terrorist attacks at Brussels airport and metro station	Countries: Possibly the whole globe	words: 393... https://t.co/Kri7NTcqgY
Topic: Why RBI is thinking about possible rate cut?	Countries: India and Western ones	words: 292 	First the... https://t.co/RHDTvM3uVx
Topic: Social websites, the West and the Rest	Countries: The globe	words: 564 	It is very difficult for the West... https://t.co/q2vnC1oErt
Topic: Africa and the State Department	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 601	Americans and other Westerners... https://t.co/QBXZymRZ1R
Topic: Both Republicans and Democrats are correct on Cuba	Countries: Many	words: 423 	But first about the... https://t.co/82tZ9z3bC0
Happy Navroz festival; the new year day of Parsi, Kurds, Iranians, and possibly some Shiites linked with Iran, to... https://t.co/OGAb21oaF0
Happy Holi; fire and color, to all my Hindu-Sikh-Jain friends and also to those others who also celebrate this... https://t.co/lQJrpZKAGZ
Topic: It is highly unlikely that BJP will be able to form government in Uttarakhand in the remaining term of the... https://t.co/ysH5aeHsXR
Somber Palm Sunday to all my Christian friends!
Topic: Today’s bombing in Istanbul, Turkey 	Countries: Many	words: 370	Terror struck again in the heart of... https://t.co/IpVXxKCH5s
Topic: Holi is near the corner, let’s understand it	Country: India 	words: 763 	As per Hindu wisdom of the North... https://t.co/JRejo9bx4w
Topic: Holi is near the corner, let’s understand it	Country: India 	words: 693 	As per Hindu wisdom of the North... https://t.co/fsZCIMVxVG
Topic: The Pentagon needs to invest within itself	Countries: The globe	words: 644 	The point should have become... https://t.co/Z13EP8J4x5
Topic: Mr. Silva is indeed the Chief of Staff of Brazilian President Rousseff	Countries: Latin Americans and... https://t.co/Ougf5REJls
Topic: As per Prime Minister Modi India has place for minorities and atheists	Countries: Many	words: 465... https://t.co/GL51UC0G7J
Topic: Why RSS is trying to change its official views about gay sex?	Countries: India, African and Western ones... https://t.co/WxoFnAdBew
Topic: My take on Prime Minister Modi’s visit to Brussels, United States and Saudi Arabia	Countries: Possibly the... https://t.co/It3CVQv7cl
Topic: Andha Kanoon (Blind Justice Department) 	Countries: Many	words: 411 	In a movie, Andha Kanoon, which was... https://t.co/2WdWLR4zMw
Jesus song 		I have a dream to realize;	But I find it hard to actualize;	I have never been with you;	Yet I try to... https://t.co/6R0tYiC8Mt
Topic: Internal violence and disorder have serious repercussions for other nations too        	Countries: The... https://t.co/OF3c3TICDv
Topic: Arrival of modern day complexity in India, a short story	Countries: Many; possibly all	words: 1332... https://t.co/fzOPjd7iyA
Today is regional election in 3 German states and it is being considered as a test for Chancellor Angela Merkel's... https://t.co/brzFLfSQOH
Topic: Syrian truce and future of Syria	Countries: Many; possibly the whole globe	words: 693 	Syrian truce is... https://t.co/TsW14tSAvo
Topic: China would not opt for stimulus path	Countries: BRICS and Western nations and many more	words: 397... https://t.co/m4XQeCzMmL
Topic: Why did the United States Senate give nod to sale of eight F-16 to Pakistan?	Countries: Many	words: 471... https://t.co/UqyUeqNfLN
Topic: Nationalism helps the most potent and posh	Country: India though argument can be extended to other... https://t.co/y2Fe0UgCF7
Topic: Two Indian Prime Ministers’ Hindustani poetry and Sonia Gandhi	Country: India	words: 636 	Prime Minister... https://t.co/SMh8UnfG7o
In recent times President Obama quipped that people depending on food stamps did not bring about the collapse of... https://t.co/7kPKrAJWTH
Topic: GCC’s take on Lebanon and Sunni-Shiite relations in the Arab world	Countries: Almost all	words: 389 	Six... https://t.co/sCkDbQ0MIi
Topic: ‘Keeping us on Tenterhooks’: a totally wrong analysis by Times of India Op-Ed contributor     	Countries:... https://t.co/w6IGRMFLV5
Topic: New EU-Turkey deal on migrants. Is it illegal?	Countries: Many, implications possibly for the entire world... https://t.co/AazQtrhQyW
Topic: Devi, Indian females and Indian feminist movements	Countries: India and Nepal	words: 721 	Hindus have... https://t.co/xBz0PA4BZF
Happy Women's Day to my all female friends!
The United States should export wealth and wisdom to the outside world and equally it should not import poverty... https://t.co/wS9zTpgDUE
Topic: Will the Vatican not accept even psychological evolution?	Countries: Possibly the whole globe	words: 661... https://t.co/5FktR6GLZZ
Topic: Is Indo-US relation heading for a nosedive? 	Countries: Many	words: 572 	Please do not think that I am... https://t.co/lQL6QTdmiJ
The United Nations' envoy on Syria has told the media yesterday that peace negotiations between Syrian regime and... https://t.co/TQwsXjnXwc
Topic: Shiva himself on his appearance to his followers 	Country: India and Nepal	words: 691 	On this upcoming... https://t.co/WDdGEISYhA
Topic: Shiva himself on his appearance	Country: India and Nepal	words: 499 	On this upcoming marriage anniversary... https://t.co/QIGi3HN42B
Topic: ‘In God we Trust’: gay rights in the United States and the Federal Constitution	Countries: The Western... https://t.co/KAGCVYDLDm
Topic: How can nuclear non-proliferation regime be strengthened?	Countries: The globe 	words: 713 	The Nuclear... https://t.co/5vQUMR2KSt
Topic: India’s trade deficit with other nations	Countries: A lot many	words: 326 	I will give an example of... https://t.co/5h2Oe3fRrE
Topic: My take on Indian Union budget for the fiscal 2016-17	Countries: India and concerned ones	words: 736... https://t.co/ETPyamQstr
Topic: Outcastes and civil rights in India	Countries: India and the Western ones 	words: 599 	First of all let me... https://t.co/QiUKEb1nbs
Topic: A way forward to dispute resolution in Yemen?	Countries: Islamic and Western ones	words: 339 	I will be... https://t.co/okaUegIvvw
Topic: If PDP-BJP government formation is not possible in Jammu and Kashmir it will be so because of differences... https://t.co/RvHoV7zRx2
Topic: Analyzing two BJP leaders’ statement on JNU and Hyderabad University student suicide row	Country: India... https://t.co/8EkzJqjgvU
Topic: Despite of much hyped outreach to the globe, new Iranian elected bodies would be more conservative as... https://t.co/jqDTkcPoee
Topic: Despite of outreach to the globe new Iranian elected bodies would be more conservative as compared to the... https://t.co/flactdpxRA
Topic: What could United States’ Plan B in Syria possibly be?	Countries: Possibly the globe barring few nations... https://t.co/FEn0rOOFfL
Topic: Will cessation of hostility in Syria hold this time?	Country: Many	words: 405  	United States and Russia... https://t.co/vXswLyyijB
Topic: Weak among Indians cannot have social quantum jumps	Country: Mostly India 	words: 936 	Definitely, quantum... https://t.co/NHkkc5y21V
Topic: BJP, centrism and BJP-PDP relations in Kashmir	Country: SAARC and Western ones 	words: 485 	The fact is... https://t.co/hILlqQflnu
Topic: Jesus’ crucifixion, Prophet Mohammad’s death and ‘color’ in the world	Countries: The globe	words:1033 	I... https://t.co/of5TvJhTgv
Happy Ravidasa Jayanti to all my Hindu friends, particularly to those who are not-so-privileged ones and to those... https://t.co/t94TwAycIm
Topic: Caste based reservation protests in Haryana in Northern India	Countries: India and Nepal	words: 636 	Jat,... https://t.co/GHSPz7a17L
Topic: Predicting favorites in Assembly elections which are going to take place in India this year	Country: India... https://t.co/M1swyWpJmi
Topic: I think INC wants to align with the Left nationally in next general elections and this is why it is... https://t.co/gaoayla5zL
Topic: I think INC wants to align with the Left nationally in next general elections and this is why it is... https://t.co/Tghp2kRqHA
Topic: Congratulations Great Britain! It will remain part of European Union, except for some unforeseen reasons.... https://t.co/d91eYg2MKo
Topic: Turkey-YPG rift would complicate Syrian dispute further	Countries: Many	words: 248 	Now Turkey’s actions... https://t.co/5J2ZCKBGTN
Topic: Pontiff Francis should be careful and so should be billionaire Trump	Countries: The globe	words: 575... https://t.co/Db4jajbxOw
Topic: I think Prime Minister Cameron can clinch a deal with his European counterparts tonight	Countries:... https://t.co/LFhGr84ONQ
Topic: I think that JNU protestors and their supporters are crazy	Country: India	words: 741 	I knew that student... https://t.co/gKsm3CfbFL
Topic: I think that JNU protestors and their supporters are crazy	Country: India	words: 688 	I knew that student... https://t.co/ynB6ZBTC5n
Topic: Will peace talks hold after the Syrian President’s apparent U-turn?	Countries: Many	words: 623 	Syrian... https://t.co/YsJIZRf9Bk
Topic: Billionaire Trump knows that Presidency is a serious job	Country: United States	words: 315 	President... https://t.co/z39sEX8pvc
Topic: West Bengal protests against the BJP's nationalism are really speaking poll gimmick 	Country: India	words:... https://t.co/MH3a0IXfYe
Topic: Supreme Court does not bar a new government formation in Arunachal Pradesh	Country: India though ruling... https://t.co/Q8Y7Zlgqri
Topic: It is a poor show these days by Mr. Gandhi  	Country: India	words: 1016 	Be fair and consistent.	Sure, it... https://t.co/ev8hKbSH9V
Happy President George Washington Day to my all American friends!
Topic: It is a poor show by Mr. Gandhi these days 	Country: India	words: 741 	Be fair and consistent.	Sure, it... https://t.co/aQPf3IP8Rr
Topic: Why did Obama administration agree to sell 8 F-16 fighter jets to Pakistan?	Countries: South Asian and... https://t.co/vp03o8Rozq
Topic: Justice Scalia’s death, Florida recount (in year 2000-01) and state of partisanship in United States... https://t.co/ii1pkh45QQ
Topic: Promiscuity is mostly cerebral among Indian men	Country: India and the West	words: 1266 	In an anonymous... https://t.co/yfrOjrFtP8
Happy Valentine Day to all my friends! Enjoy the day as per your limits.
Topic: Indian state and sedition	Country: India though it can be of use to many other countries	words: 428 	I... https://t.co/w028Wf8TBu
Topic: Resolving Syrian conflict is no cake-walk	Countries: Possibly the whole globe	words: 664 	As much as I... https://t.co/NwUIRpyMg7
Topic: The world should support Vatican outreach to Russian Orthodox Church	Countries: The globe	words: 342... https://t.co/DfOGLg2gXi
Topic: Indian Union authorities are going to act tough on JNU anti-India protestors	Country: India	words: 340... https://t.co/VPuEhBZh8n
Topic: Railway budget for fiscal year 2016-17	Country: India	words: 416 	Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister, Akhilesh... https://t.co/EUkBBft4Rq
Happy Vasant Panchmi to all my Hindu friends!
Topic: Jashodaben Modi, an honorable lady	Country: India	words: 553 	Since my childhood, if I could borrow... https://t.co/7G3DbLtsLH
Topic: An activist files complaint against Sunny Leone 	Country: India	words: 638 	Activist and lawyer Gaurav... https://t.co/x7cLXOds4B
You know the meaning that David Coleman Headley (Dawood Gilani, a Pakistani-American, his original name) hides.... https://t.co/Ga2AKmddzQ
Topic: Mr. Assad’s game-plan in Syria	Countries: Arab and Western ones, Russian Federation, and Iran	words: 607... https://t.co/pEJDJQqUf0
Without being explicit let me warn my all Indian friends, those who consider me as sane and a nice person, that... https://t.co/TJn7BptC3A
Topic: Will Aung San Suu Kyi become the President of Myanmar?	Countries: Many though particularly Myanmar and the... https://t.co/ozwVfEO5wG
Topic: ‘Stop the war’	Country: India	words: 414 	Times of India in its today’s editorial urged BJP and INC to... https://t.co/XdPsmCg4XS
Topic: Vatican should never think about reuniting Catholic Church with Anglo-Protestant and Anglican Churches... https://t.co/XXSjR5RFhW
Topic: What the rest of the world should do about North Korea?	Countries: The globe	words: 591 	North Korea has... https://t.co/ez0AUOXEKy
Topic: How should Indians celebrate Valentine week?	Country: Specifically India	words: 642 	India ensembles... https://t.co/oZNBdSKgB0
Happy Valentine week to all couples on Facebook. Enjoy the week in the most romantic manner.
Topic: Why did Secretary Kerry’s call ISIL militants as non-Muslims?	Countries: Many though unspecified	words:... https://t.co/Lxz7EzS1lf
Topic: Jamiat to SC: You can’t test Muslim divorce law validity	Countries: Many	words: 582 	Jamiat-Ulama-i-Hind... https://t.co/HAZTjFpLrQ
Topic: Wikileak founder Julian Assange arbitrarily detained by the United Kingdom and Sweden: United Nations... https://t.co/eI7rdA8CcI
Topic: King Abdullah economic city in the mid-Western coast in Saudi Arabia	Countries: Many though unspecified... https://t.co/1nFl9yrDF7
Topic: Save individuals, not ‘living dead’ companies: RBI Governor	Country: Primarily India though South Asian... https://t.co/0ZOjMmpPMy
Topic: Will Syria peace talks take place on 25 February as scheduled by the United Nations?	Countries: Western... https://t.co/HlQc1onDKn
Topic: The Supreme Court will give some reprieve to Sonia and Rahul over National Herald case 	Country: India... https://t.co/YTip9aFID4
Topic: Rape accused ‘pardoned’ after touching survivor’s feet	Country: India	words: 722	Story as it is published... https://t.co/jXhO9ZE4di
Topic: Zika virus and Rio Olympics	Countries: The globe	words: 311 	The World Health Organization (WHO) has... https://t.co/3hbhU7qIDo
Topic: Pakistani Parliamentary panel recommend Pakistan government to avoid supporting actively banned armed... https://t.co/O8NaLFWjUs
Topic: RBI Governor links rate cut to government sticking to fiscal deficit target	Country: India and the West... https://t.co/xejPBmtP0s
Topic: A very general (and ordinary) preview of UP State and the Indian Union budget for the fiscal year 2016-17... https://t.co/aruQ7aWM4P
Topic: Why can’t India legalize gay sex? : Madras High Court to the Center	Country: India	words: 482 	The fact is... https://t.co/4MdwEwZAtW
Topic: Afghanistan can become issue of discussion in upcoming United States Presidential and Senatorial elections... https://t.co/6OCbUtoP6C
Topic: The prospects of PDP-BJP alliance	Country: India	words: 597 	Let’s be very clear. PDP does not require an... https://t.co/codhnkwrGi
Topic: India is too democratic, Syria is not a problem of Islam: Nassim Nicholas Taleb	Countries: Many though... https://t.co/bWJwNzNjAI
Topic: Eldest Hindu female can be co-parcenor of a Hindu Undivided family (HUF)	Country: India and possibly Nepal... https://t.co/xGAFABAizr
Topic: Syrian peace talks will be a bit useful	Countries: Possibly the whole globe	words: 318 	Saudi Arabia... https://t.co/1CgrYpZCcB
Indian Union Cabinet has recommended putting Indian North-Eastern state of Arunachal Pradesh under President... https://t.co/HB5ZUXh6yl
Topic: President Obama talks tough on terror emanating from Pakistani soil	Countries: Possibly the whole globe... https://t.co/j0mocFBh4S
Topic: India as a positive state	Countries: Many though unspecified	words: 542 	India has two very unique points:... https://t.co/C0a8e27lZz
I wish my all Indian friends a very happy and festive Republic Day.  India in parts and as a whole is mostly a... https://t.co/K0ZkKqXEB4
Topic: ‘The thrill is gone’	Country: India	words: 789 	That is how Gautam Adhikari describes Modi-leadership of... https://t.co/ppdTKnV3mE
Topic: ‘The thrill is gone’	Country: India	words: 666 	That is how Gautam Adhikari describes Modi-leadership of... https://t.co/kjy6xO4rY4
Topic: Tunisian government imposes nationwide curfew	Countries: Arab nations and Iran	words: 556 	Tunisian... https://t.co/4iecwtZF5z
Topic: Pakistan sees its nuclear weapons as its national assets, but sure, India is a big factor	Countries:... https://t.co/nDg1AGmwS8
Topic: Great Britain is not a gibbon state	Countries: Europe, Russia and the United States	words: 456 	So, who... https://t.co/4ndw8jQUzF
Topic: Problems in the Islamic world can be resolved within the permissible limits of Islam and not by Western... https://t.co/XZ0HEu1iuz
Topic: Welcome to Lucknow Prime Minister Modi!	Country: India	words: 355 	Prime Minister Modi is coming to... https://t.co/jDkusy22tz
Topic: Militants attack Basha Khan University in Charsadda near Peshawar	Country: Primarily Pakistan though... https://t.co/6XLXW8X7Hf
Topic: Young Jain shun good life to become monks	Country: India and the United States	words: 336 	The Obama... https://t.co/o3QKhnU48r
Topic: Suicide by an outcaste student in Hyderabad 	Country: India and the United States	words: 571 	Let’s refuse... https://t.co/UfQKHERqRI
Topic: Odd-Even formula in Delhi state could be reintroduced in February	Country: India	words: 240  	No, it is... https://t.co/6JlcjvBcry
Topic: Westminster’s House of Commons upcoming vote on Mr. Trump	Countries: Many though unspecified	words: 372... https://t.co/Lz8YoAhrnX
Topic: Gap between aid required and aid given	Countries: The globe	words: 462 	United Nations General Secretary,... https://t.co/97o6lAB4W4
Topic: The West and the United Nations lift off sanctions on Iran	Countries: Possibly the whole globe	words: 465... https://t.co/7m72uUR75C
Topic: I am almost sure that Indian media has become crazy	Country: India	words: 842 	Today, Sunday Times... https://t.co/IdXGcTMf97
Topic: Is China in a sorry state of affairs?	Countries: Possibly the whole globe	words: 444	Chinese stock markets... https://t.co/2IflVkZomu
Topic: A likely scenario in Indo-Pak relations	Countries: South Asian and Western ones	words: 692 	Pakistani... https://t.co/RzbCAAiomW
Topic: Potential Urdu male teachers having two or more wives, both living, and potential Urdu female teachers... https://t.co/EQrAS8s1ai
President Obama believes that Republicans can get converted to his ideals but Democrats will stand firm to their... https://t.co/AFnRJtBYqM
Happy Pongal to all my South Indian Hindu friends! Enjoy the day!
Happy Makar Samkranti to all my Hindu friends! Enjoy the day!
Topic: Attempts to bring upon peace in Syria need to be more sincere and serious	Countries: Islamic and Western... https://t.co/hP4iDFZCBj
Happy Lohri to all my Punjabi friends and whosoever celebrate with them. Be what Punjabis are--happy go lucky chaps! Enjoy the  day.
Happy Vivekananda Birthday to all my Indian friends!
Topic: Indian Defense Minister’s tough talk on Pakistan on India’s Army Day	Country: India, Pakistan and Western... https://t.co/J8ajoDB4Yi
Topic: French President’s state visit to India during Republic Day celebrations	Countries: South Asian and... https://t.co/EojCAxr0uB
Topic: ‘Yes Pak is schizoid but does India know what it wants?’ writes Swapan Dasgupta 	Countries: SAARC and... https://t.co/PTGDX4F4Qy
Topic: Foreign Secretary level talks are unlikely to take place as per schedule	Countries: SAARC and Western ones... https://t.co/bSO8A5ioaS
Topic: al-Sissi administration should rethink about its strategy on Muslim Brothers	Countries: Possibly the globe... https://t.co/vkBj0xGIhD
Topic: Angela Merkel’s party, CDU, cannot correct the internal political and social distortions in Germany... https://t.co/Xk9HfHjENB
I do not think that there is anything that stop Mehbooba Mufti from becoming the next Chief Minister of Indian... https://t.co/Qes7vq09jR
Topic: Racial and social harmony in self-interest	Countries: Possibly the whole globe but definitely the Western... https://t.co/SlcvJhXCBC
Topic: Will Whistleblower Protection Act be like performing another ritual?	Country: India	words: 334 	As per... https://t.co/KTFFas4NbB
Topic: I think Foreign Secretary level talks would be minimally delayed though I wish I go wrong	Country: SAARC... https://t.co/fx9FYsrBAI
Topic: ‘Yes we can’! Is any one listening out there (in deep space)?	Countries: The whole globe definitely	words:... https://t.co/U2GoXgdI8W
Topic: Indian Sikhs though a numerical minority since inception have started behaving like a psychological... https://t.co/Z1FjE0YsnD
Topic: Can India give benefit of doubt to Pakistan?	Countries: A lot many though SAARC and Western ones are the... https://t.co/WNy3uy73x2
Happy Guru Gobind Jayanti to the followers of Khalsa and those who partly believe in it.
Topic: Saudi-Iranian diplomatic row and the United States	Countries: Possibly the whole globe	words: 427 	Saudi... https://t.co/2mNuQlHRxQ
Topic: Jaish-e-Mohammad’s attack on Indian Air Force base in Pathankot in Indian Punjab	Countries: Many a lot... https://t.co/CAIVAgmtOe
Topic: Meeting of diaspora from Uttar Pradesh in Agra from 04 January to 06 January	Country: India	words: 338... https://t.co/n2Tsj9D4fc
Topic: United States can put new sanctions on Iran over its ballistic missile program	Countries: Possibly the... https://t.co/G92Q1nirs6
Topic: Predicting war on terror in 2016	Countries: The globe	words: 601 	By all accounts it would be a great year... https://t.co/upfJfCcqrt
Topic: Predicting politics in Europe	Countries: Possibly the whole world	words: 470 	Arguments would dominate the... https://t.co/I3VzY5lO9E
Topic: A short note on politics in India in 2016	Country: India	words: 766 	The center of attention will be the... https://t.co/F106gfxjVC
I wish a very prosperous, fruitful, positive and happy new year to all my Facebook friends who follow Georgian calendar!
Topic: Saudi Arabia and its budget deficit	Country: Saudi Arabia and United States and possibly others as well... https://t.co/nDqufYeEbH
I think it is more plausible than otherwise and more probable than not that INC will not fight Assembly elections... https://t.co/rVOsNePOYn
Topic: Iraqi Army’s victory over Ramadi	Countries: Many	words: 487 	As per Iraqi Army it has recaptured the... https://t.co/WDMCOrDzmK
Topic: Japan apologizes to South Korea and contributes to funds for comfort women	Countries: Japan, South Korea,... https://t.co/PDMugL0gk7
Topic: Is Confederation of India, Pakistan and Bangladesh possible?	Countries: Possibly the whole globe	words:... https://t.co/yldyfbTZvv
Topic: Republican Puritanism is fine but not at the cost of loosing elections	Country: United States 	words: 506... https://t.co/DrOaTWBmmc
Topic: How the British government is shaping its foreign policy?	Countries: Many but I cannot specify them	words:... https://t.co/83l9Q6ZJay
Topic: Syrian regime is delaying peace process for some outside reasons	Countries: Islamic and Western nations... https://t.co/yBxVcgtNee
Topic: Prime Minister Modi’s surprise visit to Pakistan	Countries: SAARC, BRICS and the Western ones	words: 401... https://t.co/I0KyBX9mVK
Topic: 2015 Christmas Urbi et Orbi message from Pope Francis 	Countries: All Christian and Christian dominate... https://t.co/oQyh8pq2f9
Topic: Jesus’ story	Countries: The globe	words: 690 	Look at the word, Judas Iscariot, the name of disciple who... https://t.co/RfP39aalrM
Happy Eid-ul-Milad-un-Nabi to all my Muslim friends. Enjoy the day with great religiosity and festivity.
Merry Christmas to all my Christian friends globally and also to those of other religions who celebrate it. The... https://t.co/ICmo5GQb7c
Topic: Dilemma that the Pentagon faces	Countries: Almost all in the globe	words: 413 	As per a study done by a... https://t.co/YaGXDj8Nhr
Topic: United States Ambassador, Richard Rahul Verma’s exclusive interview in the Times of India	Country: South... https://t.co/pSg6ka0HmU
Topic: In defense of Indian judiciary	Country: India	words: 592 	I am hardly a defender of anyone except that of... https://t.co/NXeluncDem
Happy Gita Jayanti (eleventh lunar day of bright fortnight of month of high salvation (shukla paksh, ekadashi,... https://t.co/6mftijX8X7
Topic: My suggestion to the United States Congress on Syria	Countries: Western and Islamic ones	words: 379 	I... https://t.co/xYRPRM2iWG
Topic: Sonia and Rahul will definitely get bail today	Country: India	words: 653 	Sonia Gandhi and her son Rahul... https://t.co/xDWWdCj6wx
Topic: ‘CM Sir, why not career-counseling for us?’	Country: India	words: 562 	That’s the question one of the... https://t.co/QYj2VLXilY
Happy Hanukkah festival to all my Jew friends globally!
Topic: ‘CM Sir, why not career-counseling for us?’	Country: India	words: 448  	That’s the question one of the... https://t.co/Jk7uizd77a
Topic: Fifth anniversary of Arab Spring	Countries: Almost all countries of the globe	words: 730 	Before I start... https://t.co/zdXwsEXvl5
Topic: Hinduism is not that diverse and it is a religion though not in Abrahamiac sense  	Country: India	words:... https://t.co/P2cy9yXYm8
Topic: Vijay Divas, the Victory Day	Countries: SAARC countries and possibly the United States, the Russian... https://t.co/xaYyTSXY3e
Topic: Saudi-led Islamic military coalition	Countries: A lot many, particularly Islamic and Western ones	words:... https://t.co/ONFjzc7pJd
Topic: Situation in Yemen is really complicated	Countries: Arab world, Iran and the West	words: 374 	The Arab... https://t.co/MkGiG4gMXp
Topic: I think Assam temple issue is half-baked, half-cooked story and media is involved in this spin	Country:... https://t.co/swT9LpCLNC
Topic: Female empowerment in Uttar Pradesh village polls	Country: India	words: 215 	Women won almost 44% of rural... https://t.co/k5WFH1AOQy
Topic: French Presidential race 2017	Country: France	words: 331 	French voters as a majority tactically voted... https://t.co/p1xlWHDFRv
Topic: Old wine in new bottle!	Countries: SAARC countries	words: 311  	Indian Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj just... https://t.co/3hUyTvMnYM
Topic: What should be done in Libya?	Countries: Many though mostly Western, rest of European and Islamic ones... https://t.co/zP4p2WCUwN
Topic: Russia-Turkey naval conflict	Countries: Many, need not be specified	words: 280 	Russian Navy today... https://t.co/wQjQSWfuM0
Topic: Fed is likely to raise interest rates and RBI’s likely response	Countries: The globe	words: 537 	United... https://t.co/6jID7iaeWX
Topic: Prime Minister Shinzo Abe performing evening puja at Varanasi	Countries: South Asians and Western ones... https://t.co/AVE6EPPKmz
Topic: Saudi national municipal elections	Country: Saudi Arabia and many other Islamic nations	words: 401 	Today,... https://t.co/YE1j1kKDPp
Topic: Can gay marriage verdict be overturned in the United States?	Countries: The Western countries	words: 462... https://t.co/mLAfbSDiBD
Topic: North Korea just cannot have Hydrogen bomb	Countries: Possibly all countries of the globe	words: 356... https://t.co/VqHj34nk6I
Topic: Flaw in President Obama’s policy on ISIL	Countries: Possibly the whole globe	words: 618 	The point is not... https://t.co/3m0hKfuLaa
Topic: Syrian talks: Saudis should do more but with caution	Countries: Many	words: 386 	Talks are taking place in... https://t.co/qV2k9Q6Ysh
Topic: Sonia says she is daughter-in-law of Indira Gandhi and that is why she can do wonder	Country: India	words:... https://t.co/1OO4NGB4ac
Topic: Neither Pentagon nor Syrian regime is lying	Countries: Many	words: 410 	Syrian government has accused... https://t.co/xXGw6GcgeE
Topic: United States Congress should rethink its policy of allowing desecrating American Flag	Country: The United... https://t.co/V5cg4C33m2
Topic: French regional elections	Country: France	words: 226 	French people are voting in the regional elections... https://t.co/DgWRXn11n9
Topic: Venezuelan Parliamentary elections	Country: Venezuela and the United States	words: 356 	I have a habit of... https://t.co/gfHWLT4TlI
Topic: What would be Republicans’ policy on Iraq and Syria should they win White House race in 2016?	Countries:... https://t.co/HuKGwJRJ69
Topic: Does Iraq need foreign troops?	Countries: Many	words: 370 	Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abbadi says that... https://t.co/pCI3nnbtu2
Topic: German Parliament agrees with German government’s proposal to increase its involvement in Syrian war... https://t.co/wA0CR1gOpy
Topic: Can Third Front form the government in New Delhi in 2019?	Country: Exclusively India	words: 517 	I know it... https://t.co/H0TMDgzd8d
Topic: Motives behind San Bernardino attacks	Countries: Possibly the whole globe	words: 420 	Sure, President... https://t.co/1Nzqw1FTAw
Topic: Cairo bombings	Countries: The Middle Eastern ones and possibly the Western ones	words: 236 	Petrol bombs... https://t.co/AwSeTOPfqr
Topic: Foreign Minister level Summit in Pakistan on Afghanistan  	Countries: SAARC member states, many NATO... https://t.co/cR4nyeEhJK
Topic: Why can’t a person divorce his terminally ill wife?	Country: India	words: 675 	The Indian Supreme Court... https://t.co/PljnZmI7d6
Topic: Is Saudi Arabia really following dangerous interventionist policies in the Middle East and the North... https://t.co/QxTrpTfEFW
Topic: A note on Hindu rationality	Countries: India and wherever Hindu diaspora is based	words: 593 	So, the... https://t.co/s7tiEGcQbF
Topic: San Bernardino shooting incident	Country: The United States	words: 555 	At least 14 people were killed and... https://t.co/X1wWtZ3FCK
Topic: A positive vote on Syria will help Great Britain and its people	Countries: Many though specifying them... https://t.co/VtdutdTeEn
Westminster, today, on Wednesday, 02 December, 2015, is expected to take vote on whether United Kingdom should... https://t.co/4v652bZjZo
Topic: Effect of tolerance versus intolerance debate	Country: India	words: 679 	I hardly read hardcopy newspapers... https://t.co/xt35MTeD7U
Topic: No nation or its part would compromise on intellectual property rights (IPR)	Country: The whole globe... https://t.co/X9bkQKRw2i
Topic: RBI keeps key Indian macroeconomic parameters and variables unchanged	Country: India	words: 313 	India’s... https://t.co/LGU0rrjbk5
Topic: How can Republicans win 2016 Presidential race?	Country: The United States	words: 541 	Definitely not by... https://t.co/j6eESnpJ6t
Topic: Caste and reservation	Country: India	words: 520 	One of the many fall outs of BJP’s victory in general... https://t.co/c1KUsDwotT
Topic: Effect of sustained campaign against ISIL in Syria and Iraq	Countries: Possibly the whole globe	words: 795... https://t.co/5cX0YE9iYs
Topic: Can the rich nations be that (unspecified yet though) generous in Paris Climate Summit?	Countries: The... https://t.co/TF1g0QRitg
Topic: The United Kingdom likely to strike ISIL in Syria	Countries: Many	words: 310 	The British Prime Minister... https://t.co/UczuSsVP5K
Happy Thanksgiving Day to all my American friends! I think I have few.
Topic: Indian Constitution Day	Country: India	words: 512 	This day, today, in 1949, Indian Constituent Assembly... https://t.co/rif84NZdj0
Topic: Jihadists won’t listen to Indian arguments	Countries: Many though I cannot specify them summarily	words:... https://t.co/aYznFaClrt
Topic: Turkey’s F-16s downing Russian SU-24	Countries: Many and I cannot necessarily specify them summarily... https://t.co/s1Gn7v1n4x
Topic: There is huge internal rivalry amongst the Republican hopefuls	Country: The United States	words: 370... https://t.co/BfuGWCB8MA
I wish all my Hindu friends a very happy Kartik purnima; the day when Devi Tulsi married with Lord Vishnu. It is... https://t.co/jT5M0q9Ahr
Happy Guru Nanak jayanti to all my Sikh friends and those who believe in parts in Sikhism! I always find Sikhs as... https://t.co/HIhfoIJvNC
Topic: Wahhabism and consumption	Countries: Islamic ones and those with huge Muslim population 	words: 348	I do... https://t.co/fT291cFxh5
Topic: The words outcaste and dalit and Blacks of the United States	Countries: India and the United States	words:... https://t.co/7zr4W7lpz3
Topic: Islamist storming a luxury hotel in Mali’s capital	Countries: Possibly the whole globe	words: 322	Islamist... https://t.co/dCZqZIp13f
Topic: INC shall have to accept the new reality	Country: India	words: 431 	Let me be very clear from beginning... https://t.co/U2QcMKYSD3
Topic: The rationale behind pay increase for Central government employees’ salary	Country: India (though few... https://t.co/vr0nYtlsNj
Topic: Winter session of Parliament	Country: Mostly India though there can be spectator-nations	words: 541... https://t.co/FSphywJGXB
Topic: Is grand-alliance on the lines of Bihar possible in Uttar Pradesh?	Country: India	words: 293 	In simple... https://t.co/SnimPh2YjA
Topic: Is it spin from Azam Khan?	Countries: Many though all cannot be identified	words: 388 	Reacting to Paris... https://t.co/8Yv4hGItXi
Topic: What should Westerners do about their placed being bombed by Islamist militants?	Countries: The whole... https://t.co/tRc439VBYa
Happy Chhath puja to all my Eastern UP, Bihari friends and expatriates from these regions.
Topic: Syrian refugees’ intake and American politics	Countries: Possibly the whole globe or minimally a good part... https://t.co/MLkP95sNOP
Topic: Paris attacks and United States’ immigration policies	Countries: Possibly the whole world	words: 490... https://t.co/DSsyvpjCog
Topic: Paris attacks	Countries: Possibly the whole globe	words: 458 	This Friday evening (local time) French city... https://t.co/hzkFr7Ylwu
Topic: Where the United States heading for?	Countries: Possibly the whole globe	words: 641  	Many organizers and... https://t.co/AB6HiNJt1a
Topic: Bihar elections results	Country: India	words: 433 	It so happen that I did not have access to internet on... https://t.co/vCsWX1N22w
Topic: NLD wins majority but its ride in Myanmar will not be that easy	Countries: Myanmar, South-East Asian, the... https://t.co/iTDoLFUWzU
Topic: Republican Presidential campaign for 2016 elections	Countries: United States and possibly the whole world... https://t.co/0wgcmTFuqY
Happy Bhaiya-dooj to all my Hindu friends!
Topic: Kurdish-American operations in Sinjar Mountains in the Northern Iraq	Countries: Many, difficult to name... https://t.co/bZ5zVay447
Topic: Climate change meet in Paris will be significant though may disappoint many green activists	Countries: The... https://t.co/kYnrHCjB2W
Topic: Predicting a bit about Prime Minister Modi’s visit to the United Kingdom and Turkey	Countries: Many though... https://t.co/zrvgcBzoh6
Topic: The Great Britain shall have to choose between one of the two options	Countries: Possibly the whole globe... https://t.co/xiCuSgBWgL
Topic: The beauty I see in Deepawali	Country: India	words: 1006	Sure, all people love and like their festivals,... https://t.co/hHFnz9y3I7
Happy Deepawali to all my Hindu-Sikh-Jain friends and also to all those who celebrate Deepawali with Hindus and... https://t.co/Kzt6ZDPJMl
Thankyou  very much to all my friends who wished me happy birthday. I did not have access to internet because of... https://t.co/C7krICJBZk
Happy Karva Chauth festival to all my married Hindu friends!
Happy Valmiki (the supposed writer of epic Ramayana) jayanti to all my Hindu friends, particularly to my dalit friends.
Without knowing much I think that lagging candidate Sandra Torres of UNE is expected to win the Guatemalan... https://t.co/CLR4b1uhtX
Without explaining at all I predict a win for four opposition parties’ alliance, UKAWA, led by Edward Lowassa of... https://t.co/3qoV3MAt6Z
Topic: Prophet’s family assassination 	Countries: Almost the whole globe	words: 330 	Mohammad’s whole remaining... https://t.co/syrxQmMEIF
Remembering Hussein's martyrdom. Solemn Moharram to all my Muslim friends.
Topic: The real Ramayana	Country: India and possibly the whole globe	words: 558 	Today is Vijayadashmi. As per... https://t.co/4xkplCJrIc
The United States Secretary of State John Kerry will be visiting the Middle Eastern region soon to urge calm and... https://t.co/TBCJMGbge6
Happy Dussehra to all my Hindu friends! Let you be blessed with Rama and Sita grace. Enjoy the day with as much... https://t.co/ITzFShnhdN
I wish my fast-taking Hindu friends  a very happy ending of navaratri fast (today and tomorrow early morning).... https://t.co/mlOmP8Zu0K
Topic: Dr. Kakar’s statement about psychoanalysis and Freud	Country: India	words: 475 	India’s biggest and most... https://t.co/fAiYHbxpYl
Topic: Meaning of Satyam Shivam Sundaram 	Country: India and Nepal 	words: 451 	For those who follow me, this... https://t.co/U0FAu2SuxM
Without explaining much I predict victory for Center-Left Liberal Party of Canada's victory in this Monday's... http://t.co/EwiTHPUgML
Topic: Kamal Thapa’s visit to India	Countries: Nepal, India, China, Pakistan and the United States	words: 255 	I... http://t.co/tsaCT92CtV
Topic: Can Turkey really stem the flow of Syrian refugees from its shores?	Countries: European Union and Middle... http://t.co/nn74y5pd4S
Topic: President Obama cannot resolve the Middle East dispute	Countries: Possibly the whole globe	words: 650 	I... http://t.co/ZQQsmHGMZV
Topic: United States cannot succeed in its attempt to have a check and control over Pakistan’s nuclear weapon... http://t.co/mUgISbqYvE
Topic: Professor Narlikar is right!	Country: India	words: 404 	India’s one of the finest theoretical physicists,... http://t.co/XeaYEgdQoB
Topic: Supreme Court (SC) order on dance in bars and pubs	Countries: India and possibly many more	words: 699 	I... http://t.co/5qk2RC0wGE
Topic: Grand alliance in Bihar is but quasi-stable over middle-to-long term	Country: India	words:  656 	In an... http://t.co/P5IJonnzKL
Topic: Why it is not so easy for non-Black minority person to become American President?	Country: The United... http://t.co/gPCfHjsKZ7
Topic: Obama administration will not change its policy on Kashmir	Countries: India, Pakistan, the United Kingdom... http://t.co/dzk7aFB3Bg
Topic: A short note on Bihar elections	Country: India	words: 364 	I used to believe that it is advantage grand... http://t.co/RACE7fAxkq
Topic: Should gay couples be allowed to worship together in the Church?	Countries: possible the whole globe... http://t.co/g3MtmznJmQ
Topic: The United States government to offer condolence payments to victim of Kunduz city strikes	Country: Many... http://t.co/PV2FxxhHmH
Happy nine day long sacred fasting to all my Hindu friends! This duration is called Shardeeya Navaratri and it... http://t.co/JnJnaCNRLd
Topic: Who is responsible for latest Ankara attacks?	Country: Turkey, Syria and Iraq	words: 267 	At least 100... http://t.co/hlaLQbX3aD
Topic: An outcaste family paraded naked in Greater Noida, Uttar Pradesh	Country: India	words: 455	I also write on... http://t.co/fSByQsOWQ2
Topic: American position in Kunduz, Afghanistan	Countries: Afghanistan and the United States	words: 513 	United... http://t.co/nSFcKJu7ur
Topic: Russia is escalating the dispute in Syria	Countries: Possibly the whole globe	words: 340 	Russia carried... http://t.co/hubXGPM4OZ
Topic: Azam Khan is practically naïve	Country: India	words: 638 	As per a Times of India report, senior Uttar... http://t.co/HVsNlo6eKh
Topic: Growing tension in Israeli-Palestine region (IPR)	Countries: Middle Eastern and the Western ones	words: 227... http://t.co/34Ck0QEWcY
Topic: Israeli Palestinian relationship	Countries: Arab world and the West	words: 360 	Israeli and Palestinian... http://t.co/cwTcCGDh3c
Topic: Vatican’s three week long clergy meet	Countries: Possibly the whole globe	words: 292 	Catholic Priests... http://t.co/HDIyqwSeTx
Topic: Is United States segmenting with Russia in Syria	Countries: Possibly the whole globe	words: 256 	There is... http://t.co/toeNSJlKLl
Topic: MSF hospital attacked possibly by the United States in Kunduz 	Countries: Afghanistan and the United... http://t.co/fu7i6rHPhq
Topic: Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov is wrong on Syria	Countries: Possibly the whole West	words: 453... http://t.co/0TVmdde7Hx
Topic: Is there some solution to gun violence in the United States?	Countries: The Western ones	words: 261	There... http://t.co/RtEn6NP2mM
Topic: Russia can create Shiite enclave but the United States cannot create a Sunni enclave in Syria	Countries:... http://t.co/o01ytPdq79
Topic: Gandhi and Great Britain	Countries: India, Pakistan, and the Western nations	words: 387 	Few deviant and... http://t.co/VLsJvykEF8
Happy Lal Bahadur Shastri jayanti to all those who know him and admire him. He was a man with immense simplicity... http://t.co/LDUzHG6Mgf
Topic: Chinese Independence Day	Countries: Possibly the whole globe	words: 645 	China is marking today its 67th... http://t.co/oz2Q67VGTe
Happy Gandhi Jayanti to all my Indian friends and also to those who can agree with his preaching on certain... http://t.co/Zr6FI6hL4n
Topic: New Chairman to take over as the military boss of the Pentagon	Countries: Possibly the whole world	words:... http://t.co/tUpBYYJuMK
Topic: Misunderstanding about Syria	Countries: A big part of globe	words: 343 	Many people, including few elites... http://t.co/FPBHwaTQav
ISRO today successfully launched India’s first multi-wavelength Astro-satellite in recent times to study the birth... http://t.co/l7oxTt87wu
Topic: Expect a moderate rate cut from RBI in its Tuesday meet, if any 	Country: India	words: 231 	NITI (National... http://t.co/ytt85w2BnE
Catalonia, an autonomous region seeking independence from Spain, is going for regional elections today. Since the... http://t.co/anMEH91C9h
Topic: Will the Pentagon consider staying beyond 2016 in Afghanistan because of ISIL?	Countries: most of the... http://t.co/BgGZRwLzwa
Topic: What Presidents Obama and Putin expect from each other over Syria?	Countries: Possibly the whole globe... http://t.co/jPcQoYX2sf
Topic: Saudi Arabia’s Grand Mufti’s stand on stampede	Countries: Possibly the whole globe	words: 187 	Saudi... http://t.co/MhHVMfd17l
Topic: Europe should not put itself for taking self stress tests	Countries: Possibly the whole globe	words: 378... http://t.co/fEBEWomGTv
Topic: ISIL again targets Houthis in Yemen	Countries: Islamic and Western ones	words: 209 	Twin suicide attacks... http://t.co/Rb1wOZ5HgV
Topic: Pope Francis to address Capitol Hill shortly	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 458 	Pope Francis will... http://t.co/M8wQJXsvC9
Topic: Latest tragedy in Mina, near Mecca	Countries: Possibly the whole globe	words: 264 	At least 220 people are... http://t.co/Ux93Aelu9D
Happy Eid al-Adha to all my Muslim friends! Eid is falling on 24th of September in Saudi Arabia and on 25th of... http://t.co/2hU7rtnQvG
Topic: Russian game plan in Syria	Countries: Possibly the whole globe	words: 540 	Russia is preparing to protect... http://t.co/UjfwjN1p6O
Topic: Uttar Pradesh Assembly elections 2017	Country: India 	words: 298 	I know Assembly elections in Uttar... http://t.co/DQQ9LpkIVZ
Topic: RBI cannot please both borrowers and savers at all times	Country: India	words: 298 	Indian Central Bank,... http://t.co/UvfI7ZQtyQ
Topic: Pakistani Taliban attacks Air Force base in Peshawar	Countries: Pakistan, Afghanistan, India and the... http://t.co/CLtodMXUTb
Topic: India and China competing for Western investments	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 437 	There is no... http://t.co/aU5Ao5cZls
Topic: Second Republican Presidential debate	Country: The United States	words: 162 	The second Presidential... http://t.co/QnI4clykN5
Topic: It is more likely scenario that Fed will not raise interest rates	Countries: The globe	words: 402	The fact... http://t.co/uJgsDJ60hp
Topic: It is more likely scenario that Fed will not raise interest rates	Countries: The globe	words: 362 	The... http://t.co/paYCnPo9vb
Happy Vishwakarma puja day to all my Northern Indian friends, particularly to those from Uttar Pradesh.
Happy Ganesha Chathurthi to all my Marathi friends and expatriates all over the country.
Happy Haritalika teej to all my Northern Indian friends, particularly to those from Eastern Uttar Pradesh and from BIhar.
Topic: Can China honestly issue a citizen’s charter?	Countries: Possibly the whole globe	words: 273 	Please do... http://t.co/GOfIRO9yQt
Topic: President Obama and President Putin cannot resolve their differences over Syria	Countries: Islamic and... http://t.co/PlNshn7mnz
Topic: Shiv Sena and MNS protests against the meat ban in Maharashtra 	Country: India	words: 332 	Shiv Sena and... http://t.co/FAjHfCSOu6
Topic: Controversy regarding Saudi diplomat	Countries: India, Nepal and Saudi Arabia	words: 274	It is very... http://t.co/gJ7bIxrWOQ
Topic: What will happen to British nuclear arsenal should its government decide to undo the nation’s nuclear... http://t.co/cdpd5i4jix
I wish a very happy Hindi Day to all my those friends who have some affection for Hindi. Hindi is very flexible... http://t.co/SbrDOctvzf
Topic: Jeremy Corbyn cannot win general elections for Labour	Country: The United Kingdom	words: 305 	Socialist,... http://t.co/UwBDoEIKHE
Topic: United States Senate unable to block the Iranian nuclear deal	Countries: Possibly the whole globe	words:... http://t.co/9U3mnh59dx
Topic: On 14th anniversary of September 11 attacks	Countries: The whole globe	words: 535 	Almost 14 years back... http://t.co/aGD5th2ms0
Topic: Indian judicial and social systems	Country: India	words: 424 	Can anyone in India get justice? The answer... http://t.co/TslI9MOzsz
Topic: 10th World Hindi Conference 2015	Countries: India and other nations where some speak Hindi	words: 549... http://t.co/Ot55VgaWeM
Topic: Catholic Church speeds up, modifies marriage annulments	Countries: The globe	words: 446 	Vatican head,... http://t.co/LfXtWG08Wo
Topic: Republican National Congress (RNC) should accept the verdict of Republican voters	Country: The United... http://t.co/wDDTzO7OsL
Topic: For once Pakistan did not make a provocative statement!	Countries: The SAARC ones and possibly some of the... http://t.co/OC2T162OTX
Topic: Bihar and Uttar Pradesh Assembly elections	Country: India	words: 637 	As per media report Bihar House will... http://t.co/oAkq8PHjwK
Topic: Why English matters for the United States?	Countries: Possibly the globe	words: 579  	What is the United... http://t.co/PVIhL1SnTs
Topic: Can Saudi Arabia change because of its involvement in Yemen?	Countries: The Middle Eastern and the Western... http://t.co/bHUNx55lxa
Topic: Do irreducible only matter in a big economy like India?	Countries: Possibly the whole globe	words: 344 	As... http://t.co/3Q8ZjwAuqA
Topic: Jairam Ramesh is contradicting his own words	Country: India	words: 386 	‘Narasimha Rao was magnificent,... http://t.co/orRlCaSsCk
Topic: After Aurangzeb, who?	Country: India	words: 685 	‘We are streets ahead in roadside symbolism’. That is how... http://t.co/LCl5aNJlOQ
Topic: After Aurangzeb, who?	Country: India	words: 593 	‘We are streets ahead in roadside symbolism’. That is how... http://t.co/LhHVvxDd20
Topic: Biological consciousness, relative consciousness, Rama and Krishna	Countries: India and possibly Nepal... http://t.co/Zt4ImaYHLK
Happy Krishna Janamashtami to all my Hindu friends! For a majority of faith it is falling tomorrow. The fact is... http://t.co/ZUwRqzYU9e
Happy Teacher's Day (5 September) to all my Indian friends!
Topic: I think Iranian lawmakers will only be consulted and not be asked to vote on nuclear deal and made a part... http://t.co/StionkI9Q7
Topic: A first order linear simple solution to migration crises	Countries: The globe	words: 436 	Cheap labor is... http://t.co/nXKkyfbcbo
Topic: EAD may not guide a hypothetical nuclear war between India and Pakistan	Countries: The globe	words: 574 	I... http://t.co/6riP9I9uDx
Topic: I think Indian army needs to be ready for a short war	Countries: India, Pakistan and other SAARC nations... http://t.co/MsSNAK94aP
Topic: Upcoming Indo-Pak border officials level talks	Countries: India and Pakistan	words: 288 	India’s Border... http://t.co/iV5PZdY5dv
Topic: I think it is advantage Nitish Kumar in Bihar elections	Country: India	words: 257 	The actual fate of the... http://t.co/R1H5eecgAs
Topic: The Land Acquisition Bill was to be lapsed	Country: India	words: 266 	The Land Acquisition Bill was to be... http://t.co/Ocml4clugI
Topic: Green-on-blue attacks in Afghanistan 	Countries: Afghanistan and NATO countries	words: 313 	Two American... http://t.co/Wh46ZqjB64
Happy Raksha-sutra-bandhan to all my Hindu friends! Enjoy the sweets, snacks and food and also enjoy the day with... http://t.co/cwa8v7mbBO
Topic: Psychology of ISIL militants	Countries: The globe	words: 520 	First of all a frank admittance: I have... http://t.co/Qe7sxsSHXq
Topic: Obscenity cannot be the reason for facing charges of sedition	Country: India	words: 603 	The Bombay High... http://t.co/nKPghvDtrH
Happy Onam to all my South Indian friends!
Topic: Modern day immigration and integration question in the United States	Countries: The Western ones	words:... http://t.co/gna9NhObbC
Topic: Donald Trump and Jeb Bush	Country: The United States	words: 498 	The fact is that Donald Trump is... http://t.co/gq9jWufH0S
Topic: India does not appear to be involved in Nepal’s internal mess	Countries: Nepal and India	words: 250 	India... http://t.co/UkxGcMYS3c
Topic: The fact is that Kashmiri separatist leaders are a third party though they may have some legitimacy as per... http://t.co/oxtt4tIah5
Topic: Falling oil prices and global instability	Countries: The globe	words: 588 	Almost a year back the crude... http://t.co/8BKAPE6hXv
Topic: Is there any end to refugee crises?	Countries: The globe	words: 466 	The simple answer is no; not in any... http://t.co/NRSe7uEvqU
Topic: Did Mulayam Singh Yadav condone rape?	Country: India	words: 494 	Mulayam Singh Yadav spoke more than a... http://t.co/Q0pRC4HHhy
Topic: Make in India and political vision	Countries: The globe	words: 574 	The United States has been investing... http://t.co/ZNYZjYwXgI
Topic: Snap polls in Turkey	Country: Turkey	words: 196 	Turkey Parliamentary elections did not give majority to... http://t.co/l67pSjGmZZ
Topic: What will happen after the cancellation of Indo-Pak NSA level talks?	Countries: India, Pakistan, the... http://t.co/RcWM6DpDvH
Topic: End terror or no aid: United States to Pakistan	Countries: The West and SAARC Countries	words: 516 	As per... http://t.co/ITG7RDuosZ
Topic: Greece is wonderful!	Countries: Greece and many others	words: 437 	Greece Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras... http://t.co/OBCOAH3LKe
Happy Tulsidasa jayanti to all my Hindi loving friends! The renowned author and genius in his own way translated... http://t.co/1L2NdzX2Jq
Topic: Do we Indians understand scale and proportion?	Country: India	words: 883 	As per the Times of India... http://t.co/odffrERIoO
Topic: Saudi women get the right to vote and contest elections	Countries: Saudi Arabia and possibly other Islamic... http://t.co/omQrSy2Bif
Topic: What would be Republicans’ response to Iran deal?	Countries: Possibly the whole world	words: 333 	First of... http://t.co/5ibsEgUPJA
Topic: Why Pakistan’s NSA sought off meeting with Hurriyat leaders of both factions?	Countries: India and... http://t.co/pNUD3BU2UW
Topic: Does Prime Minister Modi really want to win Bihar?	Country: India	words: 487 	I know I sound crazy but... http://t.co/Mu9kQ5G2MW
Topic: Obscenity in public place	Countries: India and possibly others	words: 438  	Young children are advised not... http://t.co/57833gvQU1
Topic: Satyam Eva Jayate 	Country: India	words: 324 	Satyam Eva Jayate is the motto of the Republic of India... http://t.co/iooTkKozKY
Happy Nag-panchmi to all my Hindu friends!
Topic: Indian courts are not guardians of Indian people	Country: India	words: 735 	As per Times of India, the... http://t.co/KsDlu9xk7f
Topic: Republican immigration strategy	Countries: Possibly the whole globe	words: 419 	Charles Krauthammer, one... http://t.co/lWv8LateKu
Topic: NSA talks between India and Pakistan will fail but in all likelihood it will take place	Countries: India,... http://t.co/SG0ZO2mlIE
It would be utter chaos in Sri Lanka for the next few days or even weeks as the Sri Lankan President has said... http://t.co/7I6rbcg5Qb
At least 12 people died and many more were injured in a blast in a busy district of Thailand's capital Bangkok. I... http://t.co/oUSgKpp5jw
Topic: What should be American policy on Syria?	Countries: Islamic nations and the Western ones	words: 720... http://t.co/NRsYtwbucc
http://t.co/NANjgGmQas
Warmest greetings to all my Indian friends on a day before their Independence Day. Let all of us enjoy the day to the fullest.
Topic: Formal illiteracy and language in India	Countries: India though other countries of region can take cue... http://t.co/vixjEeA6SW
Topic: India and its dominant cultures	Country: India	words: 566	Sure, I will mostly talk about Hindu and Islamic... http://t.co/gPjpVXopTn
Topic: UNSC reforms scuttled by three permanent members	Countries: The globe	words: 306 	As per the Indian... http://t.co/01D5ueqnl9
Topic: Blasts in Tianjin, China	Country: China	words: 287 	Multiple very powerful blasts rocked China yesterday... http://t.co/xSN5gC3JNy
Topic: Importance of India	Countries: India, China, the United States and others	words: 627 	Many of my friends... http://t.co/oESJFIeDzc
Topic: The Modi Phenomenon 	Country: India	words: 433 	India is going to celebrate its 69th Independence Day this... http://t.co/mCRVpAQ5XM
Topic: Two strengths and two weaknesses of Indians	Country: India	words: 360 	I would avoid using religious and... http://t.co/wvutgZ3Zwa
Topic: Situation in Yemen	Countries: Middle Eastern ones and the United States	words: 308 	I remember writing on... http://t.co/A9VLFCOtN6
Topic: Javad Zarif in Damascus 	Countries: Countries of Middle East, the Russian Federation and the United States... http://t.co/GqT9ow04Qq
Topic: Satya Nadella and Sundar Pichai	Countries: India and the United States	words: 492 	Yesterday Google... http://t.co/izFpwPOsPv
Topic: India Inc urges lawmakers to legislate	Country: India though can have effect on other developing... http://t.co/Kuv3p4XyUv
Topic: China devalues its currency	Countries: China, India, the United States and possibly others	words: 283... http://t.co/RrjSLHdLwJ
Topic: Is right of privacy a fundamental right in Indian Constitution?	Country: India	words: 583 	I am not a... http://t.co/MoInseqVfH
Topic: Top Uttar Pradesh officials to meet today to discuss ISIL threats in the state	Country: India	words: 605... http://t.co/Q1cuLXrscY
Topic: Top Uttar Pradesh officials to meet today to discuss ISIL threats in the state	Country: India	words: 544... http://t.co/SRBVROIfLW
Topic: Rajasthan High Court declares Jain practice of Santhara illegal	Countries: India though Jain communities... http://t.co/yTJTUyDKK6
Topic: The idea of God	Countries: Possibly the whole globe	words: 476    	Whether humans were evolved out of... http://t.co/80LqZRzuYg
Topic: Increased involvement of locals in Jammu and Kashmir state militancy	Countries: India and Pakistan	words:... http://t.co/I8cbWKWdYI
Topic: One rank, one pension (OROP) in Indian military	Country: India	words: 435 	I thought I would never write... http://t.co/jloXuW2pyM
Topic: What Pakistani Prime Minister could say on his Independence Day speech?	Countries: Pakistan, Afghanistan... http://t.co/MsDybkCaCd
Topic: First anniversary of start of bombing campaign against the ISIL	Countries: Islamic and Western ones	words:... http://t.co/UOgpdccDj1
Topic: Bombings on Friday in Kabul, Afghanistan	Countries: Afghanistan, Pakistan and the United States	words: 231... http://t.co/1c5A3QJSUW
Topic: Guessing Prime Minister Modi’s Independence Day speech 	Country: India	words: 567 	It is less than a week... http://t.co/SuzE2HIvni
Topic: Should the porn be banned in India?	Countries: India and possibly other developing nations	words: 787 	The... http://t.co/HJtkZwkDsl
Topic: ISIL kidnapping in Homs, Syria	Countries: Syria, Iraq, the United States and possibly many more	words: 371... http://t.co/BoSPi19b1r
Topic: First Republican Presidential debate in Cleveland, Ohio	Country: The United States	words: 271 	The first... http://t.co/1gaXWT9Xdr
Topic: Hiroshima bombings 70 years on	Countries: Japan, the United States and many more	words:  284  	6 August... http://t.co/f1W1sHjo4n
Topic: Attack on policemen in Saudi Arabia	Countries: Saudi Arabia and other nations of the region	words: 143 	As... http://t.co/ONfeZkAoGT
Topic: Is Yemen headed towards for fragmentation by conscious choice of major players?	Countries: The West Asia,... http://t.co/o0KTeP51sf
Topic: Situation in Calais 	Countries: France, the United Kingdom and others	words: 421 	I have been watching... http://t.co/DR4GO7FgnA
Happy Friendship Day to all my friends!
Topic: Brutal killing of a Palestinian toddler	Countries: Possibly the whole world	words: 238 	An 18 month... http://t.co/v8pNZOuEWy
Happy Guru Purnima to all my Hindu friends!
Topic: Dr. Kalam and Islam	Country: India	words: 747 	I tell you, I do not like to write obituary. And I am not... http://t.co/5BspyVxXZy
India's missile man and 'people's President' Dr. A P J Abdul Kalam died yesterday after cardiac arrest. 	RIP Dr. Kalam.
Topic: My views on Vyapam and Lalitgate 	Country: India	words: 381 	First of all for reasons those that have made... http://t.co/Qy5daCOiaa
Topic: Contentious issue for President Obama in Africa	Countries: The Western ones and members of African Union... http://t.co/g4rXfk6Zbo
Topic: Supreme Court upholds ban on veils in pre-med test	Country: India and possibly other SAARC countries... http://t.co/WDWMnqodi4
Topic: UP based IPS Amitabh Thakur’s complaint against the SP Chief	Country: India	words: 386 	The UP police has... http://t.co/JxiTn3aCko
Topic: Turkey’s action against the ISIL	Countries: Turkey, Syria, Saudi Arabia, the United States and possibly... http://t.co/vpjErRqqon
Topic: President Obama’s Kenya visit	Countries: The United States, Kenya and other members of African Union... http://t.co/iuzQ6UCRSw
Topic: Mr. Trump and his GOP opponents	Country: The United States	words: 367 	I tell you before I start let me... http://t.co/tnrOmPNXUv
Topic: Britain as a Middle State?	Countries: The Western ones and others too	words: 574 	I watch BBC World News... http://t.co/uXebUBcdU4
Topic: How can India address its diversity?	Countries: India and possibly the rest of the countries of the South... http://t.co/w3QQghw7Pk
Topic: Did Sandra Bland commit suicide?	Country: The United States	words: 315 	The short answer is yes and I will... http://t.co/5dJiAlBpYi
Topic: Did Sandra Bland commit suicide?	Country: The United States	words: 244 	The short answer is yes and I will... http://t.co/z4GLvSbeA3
Topic: Monsoon session of Indian Parliament	Country: India	words: 347 	Parliamentary Minister M V Naidu said... http://t.co/6dpiTJNKsk
Topic: How to defeat extremist ideology	Countries: Almost all countries of globe	words: 483 	British Prime... http://t.co/EhgmhbM1aK
Topic: Fair competition is good but Republicans need to maintain unity	Country: The United States	words: 259... http://t.co/Zv0XyDg37M
Topic: Arms sale and global segmentation	Countries: The globe	words: 360 	The fact is that world is more... http://t.co/cFiugFEOTZ
Topic: Killing of Shiites in Iraq by the ISIL	Countries: Almost all Islamic countries and other concerned nations... http://t.co/HhTy1gWuui
Topic: Saudi authorities arresting ISIL suspects	Countries: The Saudi Arabia and other Islamic countries	words:... http://t.co/W5ZzxsRmui
Topic: Can the United States use Iran in fight against the ISIL?	Countries: The West and the Islamic world	words:... http://t.co/pyFpMzCFT3
Happy beginning of Jaggannath rath yatra in Puri, Odisha, to all my Hindu friends!
Topic: Tennessee marine shooting	Countries: The West, the Islamic world and possibly the whole world	words: 597... http://t.co/BneesSTwfu
Happy Eid-ul-Fitr to all my Muslim friends! Enjoy the day with  great festivity and religiosity.
Topic: Tennessee marine shooting	Countries: The West, the Islamic world and possibly the whole world	words: 597... http://t.co/ReZmHxddSX
Topic: Why there is constant shelling in Jammu and Kashmir in recent days?	Countries: India and Pakistan	words:... http://t.co/BxU6z46oj1
Topic: Prime Minister Modi’s cancelled visit to Varanasi	Country: India	words: 309 	Prime Minister Modi has... http://t.co/PDnrrfiwUg
I wish a very happy last official fasting of Ramadan to all my Muslim friends. I hope you enjoy the fasting and continuing.
Topic: Republican and Democrat dilemma over Iranian nuclear deal	Country: The United States	words: 327 	As... http://t.co/zazgjRvduu
Topic: I think that Japanese Parliament should allow Japanese force to have military missions overseas	Country:... http://t.co/ggXUNMqVkT
Topic: It is a long-drawn conflict in Yemen	Countries: Islamic world, particularly Yemen, the Saudi Arabia and... http://t.co/sASx0rQ63a
Topic: Iranian nuclear deal and American politics	Countries: P5+1, Iran, the rest of Islamic world and possibly... http://t.co/Y5wEhEGd1X
Topic: What is going to happen in Greece?	Countries: Greece, countries of European Union, the United States and... http://t.co/IupqRzqiq2
Topic: Why most likely Pakistan will not cooperate with India on 26/11 case?	Countries: India, Pakistan, and the... http://t.co/bVYQIwFfU3
Topic: Individualism, selfishness and society	Countries: The United States and the rest of the West	words: 205 	I... http://t.co/rvMs0y3HsR
Topic: Should the United Nations arms embargo be lifted against Iran?	Countries: P5+1, Iran, India, the rest of... http://t.co/8FNB91SHM9
Topic: Hindus and downtrodden communities	Country: India and Nepal majorly	words: 328 	Hindu leaders boast of... http://t.co/l5PJQI9F9O
Topic: Iranian nuclear talks	Countries: The West, the BRICS and the Islamic world	words: 264 	The Iranian nuclear... http://t.co/4Kukg8r6da
Topic: Modi-Sharif meeting in Ufa, the Russian Federation 	Country: India, Pakistan and the rest of the South... http://t.co/As0hKXYm4d
Topic: How much debt ridden India is?  	Countries: India, China and the United States	words: 524  	On 8th July,... http://t.co/ODZgRSCk9a
Topic: Improper reporting on debt 	Countries: India, China and the United States	words: 336 	On 8th July, 2015,... http://t.co/qnPJKMbGEk
Topic: First anniversary of war on Gaza	Country: Israel, Palestine state, Arab world and the West	words: 360 	8th... http://t.co/cUJUY9jUBK
Topic: Prime Minister Modi’s global vision on Muslims	Countries: India, its neighbors and Central Asia 	words:... http://t.co/H0shj95GKm
Topic: The United States Army’s reduction of troops	Country: The United States and possibly the whole world... http://t.co/UlBlHnOQ8R
Topic: Probing the conduct of former CBI director Ranjit Sinha	Country: India	words: 411 	The Supreme Court (SC)... http://t.co/V3SDVtWqLu
Topic: Can’t ideologies be defeated by guns?	Countries: The West and the Islamic world	words: 463 	President... http://t.co/ujwcjEvBc8
Topic: Increasing the cost of running a nation and Zombies 	Countries: Possibly the whole globe	words: 513 	A... http://t.co/o4OkoHpabT
Topic: An update about P5+1 possible nuclear deal with Iran	Countries: P5+1, Iran, the Middle East and possibly... http://t.co/gHMHvWBIp6
Topic: An update about P5+1 possible nuclear deal with Iran	Countries: P5+1, Iran, the Middle East and possibly... http://t.co/p4M5Duvbfx
Topic: Modi-Sharif meeting in Ufa, the Russian Federation	Countries: India, Pakistan and the United States	words:... http://t.co/XlnfTz2JKZ
Topic: The United States should step-in to resolve the upcoming Greece insolvency	Countries: The United States... http://t.co/Y1rO6iQP3t
Topic: The future of Greece and Euro	Countries: Greece, other members of European Union, the United States and... http://t.co/fwVvI2TIcH
Topic: Obama administration’s latest policy on Syria is also a flawed one	Countries: The United States, Syria,... http://t.co/Pjgj5CIqIj
Topic: American Blacks are not Indian outcastes 	Countries: The United States, India and possibly other nations... http://t.co/BZbuAmGT7o
Topic: American Blacks are not Indian outcastes 	Countries: The United States, India and possibly other nations... http://t.co/JGWY13Cv7P
Topic: What will happen in Greece?	Countries: Primarily Greece, member states of European Union and the United... http://t.co/aWaItlBq52
Topic: Aliens and the United States	Countries: The United States and rest of the globe	words: 974 	The fact is... http://t.co/uE0r7xgaq3
Topic: Independence Day of the United States	Country: The United States and possibly the whole globe	words: 1052... http://t.co/Pk3bPND9pd
Topic: I think that Supreme Court’s verdict on rape is a flawed one	Countries: India but can apply to other SAARC... http://t.co/umabaZCdNZ
Topic: The ISIL and the Sunni world and Islamic world	Countries: Almost all countries of globe but definitely all... http://t.co/NvqVEZgUjB
Topic: Did RAW fund MQM? If yes, does it so at present? Will it?	Country: India, Pakistan, the United Kingdom and... http://t.co/krdcnQVEWv
Topic: Which ministry is the best in India?	Country: India	words: 665 	I will consider only four: Ministry of... http://t.co/V3QwrvJGp9
Topic: Should Greece exit the Eurozone?	Countries: The European Union, the United States and possibly many other... http://t.co/zZpPElWqcg
Topic: Should Greece exit the Eurozone?	Countries: The European Union, the United States and possibly many other... http://t.co/clUpANUm7W
Topic: Booby Jindal, Indian media and Sonia Gandhi	Countries: The United States, India and possibly other... http://t.co/98Mpdkei90
Topic: Republican and Moslems	Countries: The whole globe, particularly the United States and the Saudi Arabia... http://t.co/syDFvnWpe5
Topic: What does the ISIL want?	Countries: all Islamic countries, the BRICS and the West	words: 374 	The ISIL... http://t.co/VLUPRBEaBE
Topic: Has marriage nothing to do with the Constitution?	Countries: The United States and possibly many more... http://t.co/aeIPg3No1Q
Topic: Unfortunately, the Federal Supreme Court’s verdict on gay marriage is correct!	Countries: The United... http://t.co/OB32fX7Aap
Topic: Is fighting religiously sanctioned during the fasting month of Ramadan?	Country: No specific one	words:... http://t.co/L6fZoWXPX8
Topic: The Times of India and Hillary Clinton campaign	Countries: India and the United States	words: 559 	The... http://t.co/AILspcGRUI
Topic: What future lies ahead for Yemen?	Countries: Yemen, the Saudi Arabia, Iran, the United States and may be... http://t.co/LeMS598FIY
Topic: Emergency by Indira: a view of the external factors	Countries: India, Pakistan, the Russian Federation,... http://t.co/xn0yA8p34T
Topic: Who are more likely to be Presidential candidates in the United States?	Country: United States	words: 562... http://t.co/7BSSjQZlg9
Topic: How can political divides be bridged in the United States?	Country: United States (and possibly with... http://t.co/Tr7vg2iwhD
Topic: ‘We will listen to you, you must agree to us’	Countries: India, China, Pakistan and the United States... http://t.co/4oPXJSCjch
Topic: Changing situation in Syria	words: 363 	The situation in Syria is changing rapidly with different groups... http://t.co/7vF2T3JgKK
Topic: The resurgent Taliban	words: 364 	Taliban has captured a Northern district in Afghanistan. It is supported... http://t.co/5CMgvYxpIL
Topic: Arrest of another al-Jazeera journalist	words: 429 	Ahmed Mansour, a very respected and well-known... http://t.co/w5yf1dkzJy
I wish a happy Father's Day to all my friends!
I wish a successful International Yoga Day today!
Topic: Why did Dylann Roof carry out attacks against Blacks and why he is not a terrorist?	words: 510 	As per... http://t.co/2MhsTs6QEk
Topic: International Yoga Day	words: 656 	A good part of globe should be celebrating International Yoga Day on... http://t.co/hYPqC3aRwQ
Topic: South Carolina shootout incident	words: 538 	A young White man, aged nearly 21, has killed 9 Black... http://t.co/rKEiIrky91
Topic: 1000 INR for posing literal nude for one session	words: 369 	The Maharashtra government has raised the... http://t.co/GCz24jWFek
Topic: What future lies ahead for Hong Kong?	words: 378 	As per the Wall Street Journal and the CNN... http://t.co/Hlchr2ujql
The holy month of Ramadan is widely expected to start from tomorrow, 18th June, 2015, in India. I wish my all... http://t.co/Qr731684AD
Topic: Is war necessary to keep defense forces powerful?	words: 249 	Indian Defense Minister Manohar Parrikar... http://t.co/SRZm4Q2q7q
http://t.co/Gq5NYwUKly
Topic: President Bashir of Sudan leaves the South Africa	words: 344	President Bashir of Sudan is wanted by the... http://t.co/Kb4P1NvMm4
Topic: India’s growth to outpace that of China in current fiscal year	words: 245 	Economy is always complex.... http://t.co/TEtnJiwbYG
Topic: Pakistan is inciting India to act against militants based inside its Kashmir	words: 590 	Pakistan’s... http://t.co/rr1xGLYLhu
Topic: India’s first ad on lesbians	words: 434 	Times of India in today’s Lucknow edition reported on its front... http://t.co/KieMeIr7oD
Topic: A translation (Please have some spare time to read it)	words: 453 	I remember saying these couplets in... http://t.co/2ak5Vcjc7c
Topic: Dilemma faced by many Indian Moslems	words: 476	To be friendly or not so with PM Modi and his BJP? This is... http://t.co/3ZAHW7Jrrt
Topic: Can the West put sanctions on China in the same manner as it has been doing with the Russian Federation?... http://t.co/Sm2rVzsV59
Topic: Working out an identity conflict	words: 641 	I strikingly remember and I must admit that I am repeating it... http://t.co/sFMxtCiCPo
Topic: Egypt appeal court lifts ban on Hamas as terrorist organization	words: 405 	An appeal court in Egypt has... http://t.co/J0MX2kpIgf
Topic: Sure, Bangladesh is not Pakistan	words: 354 	Noted writer and the BJP ideologue M J Akbar wrote an article... http://t.co/KBKoNS6OBb
Topic: Has China changed its stand on border dispute with India?	words: 272 	Prime Minister Modi had asked about... http://t.co/MIlq20wxlJ
Topic: Sunni tribes supporting the ISIL in Iraq	words: 511 	This Wednesday several Sunni tribes in Iraq declared... http://t.co/H3YLqwKyyl
Topic: The proxies of the United States cannot rule over Kremlin; at least not for two decades, I suppose	words:... http://t.co/hm7xTAfmK6
Topic: Adults’ protection by the Indian Constitution over parents and guardians marrying them against their... http://t.co/ovKsU4hEWA
Topic: IIT Madras student dissent issue: a case of politics	words: 421 	I am having eyesore for past few days and... http://t.co/VQFcSFG2iJ
Topic: Bharosa Rakhiye (Very little option otherwise! In fact, none)	words: 517 	That’s how the then Pakistani... http://t.co/bT08EfSIns
Topic: The Saudi Arabia is in great trouble	words: 432 	The ISIL has killed 4 people in a suicide attack in Saudi... http://t.co/kwYpPZJc1j
Topic: Ramadi falls into the Daish’s hands	words: 462 	It is over a week since the capital city of Sunni... http://t.co/Oqv0aowc40
Topic: Modi government completes a year at Union	words: 449 	It is slightly over than a year for Modi government... http://t.co/JTBFduFTld
Topic: USCIRF report on religious freedom in India	words: 557 	A report by the United States Commission on... http://t.co/QFkXmiLnK2
Topic: USCIRF report on religious freedom in India	words: 481 	A report by United States Commission on... http://t.co/1HU4qnK2f9
Topic: Labor, immigration and investment	words: 334 	Today is Labor Day. I remember Prime Minister Modi talking a... http://t.co/997bRLJmo6
Happy Labor Day to all those on whom my greetings apply. Please find appropriate ways to celebrate your day.
Topic: The Supreme Court (SC) stays Maharashtra Assembly notice to Shobha De	words: 265 	The Maharashtra Assembly... http://t.co/DVdjJ9AvYl
Topic: Talks with Bashar al-Assad and his regime	words: 313 	The Obama administration may be contemplating talks... http://t.co/fvCyMSIBWZ
Topic: Nepal, poverty and India	words: 456 	Nepal is struggling to cope with the worst earthquake in the past... http://t.co/hlZZxINSAe
Topic: The nature is really cruel	words: 323 	The fact is that earth’s evolution is continuing; even its physical... http://t.co/iKpuJgpWjC
Topic: Sex for cerebrals and tinkers	words: 485 	The fact is that many Indian males and females are beautiful.... http://t.co/pCzGkm0nLi
Topic: Clinton Foundation and Hillary’s campaign	words: 221	As per the New York Times, Clinton Foundation... http://t.co/09Rea6808G
Topic: Justice is done with General (Retd.) David Petraeus	words: 337 	General (Retd.) and former CIA Director,... http://t.co/TT6f6mKfUV
Topic: A possible Sino-American military confrontation	words: 373 	This is highly unlikely but still possible.... http://t.co/w67B9pew85
Topic: Predicting British elections	words: 429 	It’s a difficult job but I am attempting so. 	I think Tories... http://t.co/wF3cgXa9KF
Topic: Diego Garcia and Indian Army	words: 282 	For those who follow Indian Army, they must be knowing that many... http://t.co/Q7ylDanNAW
Topic: India fails to understand complexity again	words: 631 	Indian Parliament witnessed uproar and noisy scenes... http://t.co/U7v9Ct4LvT
Topic: Fighting in Iraqi city of Ramadi	words: 253  	The UN says that an estimated 113,000 people have fled the... http://t.co/169w6bcGyj
Topic: Deposed Egyptian President Morsi gets first sentencing	words: 269 	An Egyptian trial court has sentenced... http://t.co/Cx0XEKW4kh
Topic: Operation ‘Decisive Storm’ ends in Yemen	words: 294 	Saudi-led military operation ‘Decisive Storm’ ended... http://t.co/gogkVv9Xdg
Topic: Why Brahmins should be praised?	words: 344	Certainly not for castrating outcastes, autochthons, rear... http://t.co/ypJMm5GggI
Topic: Giriraj Singh apologizes in the Parliament 	words: 377 	For the very first time I laughed at... http://t.co/4MXiOKiryh
Topic: Iran nuclear deal is very complex even now	words: 308 	President Obama has conceded some power to the... http://t.co/tnFoZGufot
Happy Akshay Tritya to all my Hindu friends! Happy Parasu-Rama jayanti to all my Brahmin friends!	Akshya Tritya... http://t.co/Jg0ZlmHCNU
Topic: The second half of the Parliament session would be noisier than the first half	words: 378 	The second half... http://t.co/yzsG4PLOqW
Topic: The Saudis’ new stand on Yemen	words: 199 	The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA) has promised to provide 274... http://t.co/udOx3ATtuO
Topic: Longevity of merged Janata Parivar	words: 291 	It is being said since beginning in political circles in... http://t.co/2FnDPMef6N
Topic: Terror returns to Afghanistan	words: 415 	Frankly speaking, it was never quite but terrorists struck a... http://t.co/keOrUPl7V5
Topic: Killing of an innocent boy in Valley	words: 262 	Paramilitary forces today fired at angry protestors in... http://t.co/rSPYVQa1tf
Topic: Land acquisition bill 2015, India	words: 463 	This is the first time I am writing about Land acquisition... http://t.co/LJdLwGc6LO
Topic: President Obama’s praise on Prime Minister Modi	words: 150 	President Obama has written a note on Prime... http://t.co/xV2KXj5pAv
Topic: Immigration and the Republicans	words: 604 	First a grand statement: Republicans can end up the refugee... http://t.co/dCiT3RkHrB
Topic: The Janata Parivar merger will affect BJP’s prospects in UP and Bihar badly	words: 475  	Whether the BJP... http://t.co/C75FTMoTYh
Topic: Prime Minister Modi’s just concluded Europe visit	words: 633 	There is no doubt that Prime Minister Modi... http://t.co/EQZfrElu4O
Topic: Can Iraq get what it expects from the United States?	words: 279 	Iraqi Prime Minister Abadi will be... http://t.co/iy1fqKr0BF
Topic: Ambedkar versus Gandhi	words: 283 	There is no doubt Ambedkar was messiah for outcastes, autochthons, and... http://t.co/gJag7677gz
Happy Vaisakhi to all my Punjabi Sikh and Hindu friends. Let you all enjoy the day with festivity and celebrations.
Topic: Kashmiri pundits must return back home in the Valley	words: 280 	Whether Kashmiri pundits get separate... http://t.co/i8nM66D4te
Topic: Operation ‘Rahat’ is over	words: 111 	The Indian rescue mission to save its nationals and many others too... http://t.co/4EV2u2NouW
Topic: Will the situation not further worsen in Yemen?	words: 276 	Pakistan’s National Assembly has almost turned... http://t.co/UhL8BmNKiG
Topic: About one of the purposes of Prime Minister Modi’s visit to the three nations	words: 452 	There just... http://t.co/84or7IoJ74
Topic: Immigration is neither social nor individual right	words: 443 	The WTO talks about more integrated world... http://t.co/SDJ3b3i5I1
Topic: Why should gay conversion therapy be banned in the United States?	words: 186 	President Obama has demanded... http://t.co/zvIw5DV1yJ
Topic: Prime Minister Modi’s three nations’ visit	words: 555 	Prime Minister Modi is embarking on a possibly nine... http://t.co/xodN59MpcX
Topic: Next American President’s Kashmir policy	words: 165 	But first let’s look at incumbent’s one. The fact is... http://t.co/796SrLA0LA
Topic: Brutal murder of Walter Scott	words: 254 	A White police officer Michael Slager has brutally and... http://t.co/XQ9iEX2JrD
Topic: Pentagon’s military aid to Pakistan	words: 235 	Pentagon has sent a request to the Capitol Hill to approve... http://t.co/wwcbumuFzk
Topic: The foreign policy issues in the United Kingdom	words: 853 	Though I have liked the pages of both Prime... http://t.co/a26XpIeQ7w
Topic: Predicting the race of 2016 Presidential candidates	words: 449 	By all account the Presidential candidates... http://t.co/sE1HA9YZy0
Topic: Will there be ground operations in Yemen soon?	words: 278 	I do not know but I know for sure that if the... http://t.co/6BZ1z1hrMf
Topic: Should the West strike a relationship with Mr. Assad?	words: 553  	The situation is becoming alarming in... http://t.co/o3e8gGyCuz
Happy Hanuman jayanti to all my Hindu friends. The devotion of Hanuman towards the requirements of Lord Rama is... http://t.co/R5dsng6203
Happy Easter Day to all my Christian friends! The resurrection was indeed amazing and is the single biggest... http://t.co/UaTRYdUBWi
Topic: A note on American Christianity	words: 237 	Anglo Protestants do not have a Central Church like Catholics... http://t.co/crQKt2odwx
Topic: Compulsions of liberals and that of liberalism	words: 609 	The New York Times is not crazy. But the Times... http://t.co/NPMFgdqzbx
Topic: Militancy in Sinai region in Egypt	words: 419 	Gunmen in Sinai Peninsula have ambushed an Egyptian... http://t.co/eVDPOPSJ2S
Joyous Good Friday to all my Christian friends! This is indeed the day to hail for all Christians though it is... http://t.co/z9TBe4rz8l
Happy Mahavira Jayanti to all my Jain friends. May you celebrate the day with traditional gaiety and customs.
I predicted incumbent Goodluck Jonathan's victory in Nigerian Presidential elections. But it is the opposition... http://t.co/MRLA0sl353
Topic: Sectarian divide is going to augment due to ongoing war in Yemen	words: 317 	Shiites as a group cannot be... http://t.co/TqRRRsTfiw
Topic: Nuclear negotiations in Switzerland may not conclude today	words: 364 	There has been significant progress... http://t.co/ncS6SWH7eR
Topic: Nuclear negotiations in Switzerland may not conclude today	words: 343 	There has been significant progress... http://t.co/6a8phaYq8s
Topic: Bullet trains in India	words: 442 	I suspected from very beginning whether that would be profitable or... http://t.co/AXTsRVuu6s
Topic: ‘We are working very hard; very hard’: Secretary of State John Kerry	words: 221 	American media is... http://t.co/i9jRPkfgaL
Topic: French local elections	words: 480 	Former French President Nicholas Sarkozy’s conservative UMP is all set... http://t.co/6sWuEWIjQy
Topic: British elections are formally underway now 	words: 507 	British Prime Minister David Cameron has formally... http://t.co/1LrAPtPjyo
Topic: What if nuclear deal with Iran does not take off?	words: 368 	First of all, the probability of a... http://t.co/b6BsQI4yjq
Topic: Islamic world requires some deep introspection	words: 692	So, Sunnis would vouch for Sunnis and Shiites... http://t.co/bLGiOzqnC8
Topic: Islamic world requires some dose of inner-thinking 	words: 666 	So, Sunnis would vouch for Sunnis and... http://t.co/IowDH8mDB1
Topic: Nigeria elections	words: 312 	It is Election Day for Presidential and Parliamentary elections in Nigeria... http://t.co/MGtWRSlA7j
I wish my warmest greetings on Rama-navmi; the birthday of Lord Rama, to all my Hindu friends. May Rama inspire... http://t.co/ip0o9mkkzL
Topic: Why did Iran react so mildly towards the Saudi military operations in Yemen?	words: 355 	Iran has... http://t.co/ntV8iOwP9H
Topic: It won’t be a regional war but Iran will loose out influence in the region 	words: 906 	The Saudi Arabian... http://t.co/wnvhM1pbbX
Topic: My advice to Republicans and Democrats	words: 603 	Sure, Republicans’ ideals are great and should be... http://t.co/WlLxOqZykc
Topic: My advice to Republicans and Democrats	words: 475 	Sure, Republicans’ ideals are great and should be... http://t.co/IwbeZn0GKN
Topic: Who will win the British elections?	words: 613 	I think it is Tories and I will explain you why.	Except... http://t.co/lrmUwv0fjq
Topic: The United States delayed drawdown of its remaining troops 	words: 315 	President Obama has agreed to a... http://t.co/Hn0OCtEhnF
Topic: What if God is hypothetically demolished in the United States	words: 656 	In summary all relations,... http://t.co/LHA01PAo5C
Topic: What if God is hypothetically demolished in the United States	words: 568 	In summary all relations,... http://t.co/C9g0ISeUCA
Topic: Can distinctions among Moslems be helpful?	words: 644 	There have been attempts to divide global Moslems... http://t.co/0UsoJsfxA9
Topic: President Obama’s past signature campaign	words: 632 	23 March, 2015, was (is as per ET and other American... http://t.co/Ur3bx6VqAt
Topic: The United States’ policy towards the Saudi Arabia, China, and India	words: 544 	The Kingdom of Saudi... http://t.co/tO8cwERyiv
Topic: This is going to be civil war in Yemen	words: 233 	Sunni militants targeted Zaidi Shiite sect’s mosques in... http://t.co/OUf6zOdELd
Topic: Why President Obama is so keen on having a nuclear deal with Iran?	words: 669 	President Obama is a... http://t.co/7xwo2AOVmN
Topic: Will a nuclear deal with Iran take off?	words: 358 	President Obama is a dreamer. In fact, a great one.... http://t.co/sXFXoAPIXJ
Happy Cheti Chand to all my Sindhi friends!
Happy Nu-roz; begining of Persian new year, to all those who celebrate it.
Happy Chaitra Navratri (9 day long fasting festival in reverence to Goddess Durga in her 9 incarnations) to all... http://t.co/Dhk93t6H1k
One can use toys, computer-assisted and robotics devices to have artificial experience of homosexuality. Like if... http://t.co/ODDMjJ5xnI
Topic: Abortions in the United States	words: 169 	First of all why do American females conceive when they do not... http://t.co/emw7DGRJoN
Topic: Homosexuality in the United States	words: 568 	New Testament and possibly Old Testament define marriage as... http://t.co/JiaymgulWn
Topic: Kiss squeaks and evolution of language	words: 279 	Scientists have recently found out that apes used what... http://t.co/ZAGoxpSM2e
Topic: Mr. Assad or ISIL?	words: 319	If the United States were to choose between Mr. Assad and the ISIL, the... http://t.co/BwOoXQmykS
Topic: How Indian psychology affects Indian economics	words: 488 	I used to think that increased immigration,... http://t.co/3R9tHzwSCv
Topic: Hinduism is natural religion of downtrodden people in India	words: 290 	The fact is that Hinduism is most... http://t.co/6PDJybOvMJ
Topic: Attacks on foreigners in Tunisia	words: 423 	Gunmen have killed 7 foreigners and 1 Tunisian in an attack... http://t.co/YTDvO6wRoe
Topic: Violence against Indian Christians in recent times	words: 369 	There have been some attacks on Christians... http://t.co/03yLWShbTa
Topic: Israeli elections	words: 340 	Today is Election Day in Israel. When Benjamin Netanyahu called in snap... http://t.co/kSKSAaFVeD
Topic: Facebook’s legal and moral regulation	words: 337 	The Facebbok today issued some regulatory instructions... http://t.co/Dh1StUJ1lu
Topic: The INC poll strategy and the BJP’s counterstrategy 	words: 512 	Without putting any argument I can easily... http://t.co/CrSFqHVeVl
Topic: My views on the United States-Iran nuclear deal	words: 334 	I am in favor of a nuclear deal with Iran but... http://t.co/wPRkL5IA8e
Topic: President Obama’s policy over Iran	words: 507 	Former US President George W Bush once famously said that... http://t.co/qULtKaP8vR
Topic: Battle for Tikrit	words: 424 	The Iraqi government is claiming that it can win battle for Tikrit within... http://t.co/VguDlXLYxA
Topic: Civil war in Syria	words: 441	Civil war in Syria is entering its fifth year and likely to continue for... http://t.co/6j782ts44x
Topic: Is Dr. Singh involved in coalgate scam?	words: 322 	The CBI court accused former Prime Minister Dr.... http://t.co/Xaer66S6vg
Topic: Prime Minister Modi’s theism	words: 128 	I watched Prime Minister Modi performing rituals at Ganga Talao... http://t.co/UXx5YTj5gB
Topic: Is the apex court’s decision on a Navyman right?	words: 356 	The Supreme Court (SC) of India yesterday... http://t.co/nuo1Hi7t8R
Topic: German Professor rejecting an Indian male for ‘rape problem’	words: 328 	A female German Biochemistry... http://t.co/hZUFjWaOBp
Topic: Can the BJP pull out of the alliance with the PDP in Jammu and Kashmir?	words: 522 	It’s been bad days for... http://t.co/Rt33ekh4nu
Topic: Can the BJP pull out of the alliance with the PDP in Jammu and Kashmir?	words: 502 	It’s been bad days for... http://t.co/KoZP7ckuGl
Topic: International Women Day	words: 432 	Today is International Women Day. I have very few female friends on... http://t.co/XHmLD0v4IF