LIVE on #Periscope: Hanging out with Micah https://t.co/bIO47Q09FM
LIVE on #Periscope: Chilling with Judah https://t.co/hD4ylZyzqs
LIVE on #Periscope: Fort Worth stockyards  https://t.co/zQ8Ll8XQqW
LIVE on #Periscope: Slow cool morning  https://t.co/LRc8IiKTxS
LIVE on #Periscope: Snoring baby https://t.co/xIwoJ3Tv2j
LIVE on #Periscope https://t.co/LarMeeLmFS
Been awhile
'DM@Dwnwardspiral25 [Hi, who is this]'
Lol, I've learned patience alright! Maybe not before he was born, but definitely after! Careful what you ask for.... http://t.co/dXsgWs5itj
Bahaha 10 lbs. 6 oz. I only know how to make big babies.  http://t.co/irfn7BkOYx http://t.co/HuyyKokXpH
http://t.co/hjI0BJ7St7 Would love to win this!
If I never had to change another diaper, this house would be so much more peaceful. #runawaybaby
What?!? This is awesome!!! http://t.co/erhS8CJgtN
WW #Giveaway - $1023 @MontessoriPrint @JBowmanbooks Products via @DebChitwood #homeschool #Montessori http://t.co/nlGmrlfSGj
I voted for Epic Rap Battles of History to win Artist of the Year at the YouTube Music Awards. http://t.co/DDWKyaTqRr #YTMA
"I've got long sleeve... I've got long sle...I've got long... Ugh I've got pants on!" #mommybrain
Long time no tweet!
Micah just showed me the bird. I tried to get a picture but wasn't fast enough.
I'm hungry! The baby won't let me put him down. Someone come feed me, please?
Yay I'm following @dallasbelleblue
This picture is created with Kids Paint! http://t.co/ZIPYG4QX
RT @parentsmagazine: It's our day! Our wish? Smoking would be banned in public places everywhere. http://t.co/fDJytwNg RT if you wish th ...
@benelliottlook where about in Texas?
I dislike un announced visitors! Especially ones with no decency who peep in windows and barge in the door. Just sayin
@bowiechick happy belated birthday!
Rawr! I went 9 plus months without drinking. Drink 1 margarita and boom drunk!
@bowiechick Thank you!
Micah James born July 18th @ 8:01 am. 9 lbs. 15.4 ounces 21 1/4 inches long! My precious baby boy! http://t.co/3P9JJqp
@barbierejzrdcj6 please do not use my name in any of your tweets! I don't want to be associated with your links.
@wfaaweather can you do a rain dance? I need some storms to help me go into labor!
LIAR lol "@wfaaweather: finally a change in the weather pattern. snow is on the way!! enjoy!!!"
Wow! I just won this for free, baby 12345 http://www.listia.com/r1d46y/580835 #listia
You should join me on Listia to get some cool free stuff plus a special bonus gift here: http://listia.com/signup/580835
I really wish I had some kind of clue when this little guy was coming. I feel like I can't do anything. Getting bored!
Anyone know what time zone Jesus is on? I need to plan out my day around the rapture.
@bowiechick aww that's so sad. I'm sort for your loss. Just lost one of my sugar gliders a couple months ago. It hurts. :(
I did feel sorry for the lakers until they became sore losers. #gomavs
Mavs sweeping them Lakers! #GoMavs
My little guy is the next chuck norris. He loves giving a round house kick to my ribs. #nextchucknorris
Time is flying! Is it possible to be pregnant a little longer than 9 months...maybe like 18?
I'm not ready for my little monkey to be born yet.
Ahhh dang it! At&t is buying tmobile. Time to switch phone service providers.
I'm sooooooo full! Tim made me a yummy salad. I just have no portion control.
Ugh! One of my cats or dogs just farted and it stunk up my whole bedroom.
Oh....prayers for Japan and all other places being affected by the tsunami.
I'm so glad its Thursday. That means chiropractor appt. tomorrow. Not fun doing 2 things that make me sore for a week.
Cant wait for dinner! My Timmy made some awesome salsa and chicken.
Wow I'm exhausted after only walking around the North Texas Irish Festival for an hour. All Micah's fault lol.
Someone doesn't know how to budget very well. We need some new financial peeps.
RT @owlssayhooot: The US military budget ($643 billion as of 2008) is larger than every other countries military budget combined ($500 b ...
Lauren Turner is awesome too! Good thing I don't normally vote. I wouldn't know who to choose. I think Micah likes Lauren, he's kicking!
I missed the last half of the guys on American Idol last night. Of what I saw I liked scotty and the guy with the curly red hair.
Karen is good too, but I still like Naima best!
Wow Naima is my pick so far!
R.I.P. Zoey. You were my first sugar glider. It took a long time to bond, but I'm glad we had the time together we did. Love & miss you!
And if your wife finds out and wants a divorce don't blame it on anyone but you.
If you flirt with any woman and she doesn't respond chances are she doesn't like you. You really shouldn't be flirting with a married 1 tho.
I thought my life was set up so I was completely free of stress and drama. Today proved me wrong.
I love opening all the windows but my nose hates me for it.
I wish I could take a stronger allergy medication. I keep sneezing and coughing my head off.
Ahhhh what am I going to wear to church. I have very few clothes that fit me now. Micah is getting so big!
Learning how to lose sleep and still function.
Sorry its late news. I got a new phone, but ITS A BOY!
Hopefully the baby cooperates tomorrow for the sonogram. We are finding out Boy or Girl!!!
Come on warm weather...I need you!!!
BTW everyone should have a chiropractor. I LOVE mine. I feel so nimble!!!
Had a muscle spasm last night that hurt so bad I thought I was dying. Chiropractor tmrw.
New sonogram tomorrow! I'm really nervous.
@karenalloy I'm barefoot!!! OH NOES!!!
It snowes in TX and I'm stuck on bedrest. Oh well its pretty from the window.
I'm already getting that delirious mother protection thing.
Oh my I know its not very nice of me but I think I'm going to punch a pillow and imagine its a certain some1s face!
2nd trimester already so the throwing up can stop now! Puh puh please!!!!
Merry Christmas
Thank you God for giving me an awesome husband who knows exactly how to handle crazy people!
Who starts crying because of food and then laughs at blowing their nose? Crazy people!
Oh my its almost Christmas!
Nothing worse than being sick and not being able to take meds.
First sonogram today! I'm so excited and nervous.
Omg I can SEE!!! I got my glasses!
I should not have to be subjected to that unhealthy habit...pregnant or not! I'm so angry I'm crying.
I can't comprehend why anyone would not understand that smoke is bad for you and everyone around you.
To all the smokers out there don't get bent out of shape when someone pregnant doesn't want to be around you! GEEZ!!!
Oh wow I meant glasses!
I ordered hillary duff glass rofl. They just looked good on my shape face.
DON'T THROW UP!!!
You get one cat upset and its a chain effect on the rest of my pets. It was a hiss bark hiss fest.
No throwing up today!
I'm annoyed today, not for any particular reason. Just annoyed ugh.
Yay think you guy who turned the power back on.
Come back sun!!! I need you!!!
Its getting dark outside...WAAHHHH
I need to not watch scary movies while I'm pregnant. I assume those things will happen to me. Like the power goes out, thought some1broke in
The power just got turned off...I'm scared!
So funny watching my brother and sister play little big planet!
Yay l'm no longer a squatter. The house closed. Now its time to party! Wooohoo!!!
Sitting in the new house alone and bored.
Breaking the law... well sorta
Moving wore me out and we aren't really even done.
Moving day....
Having a bad gag day. Why on thanksgiving? :( Hope you are all having a better thanksgiving then me!
I never laughed so hard I puked until just now.
I guess my dog knows I'm pregnant. She absolutely will NOT leave my side for anything. Problem is her smell makes me sick to my stomach.
Didn't know that the dump was having a huge sale. Perfect for right before we move.
I love shopping instead of packing!!!
I can't wait to move. Hopefully farther out of the city people will not blare their base in a residential area. "So dumb, fo real"!
BURP!
I used to have really wimpy burps and now I can burp better than anyone I know.
Sick day again...my stomach hates me.
I just ate the best ice cream I have ever tasted and just found out its a limited batch. NO Ben&Jerrys you must continue snikerdoodle cookie
Ok fine I ate those stinkin crackers.
Hmm I never feel hungry which makes it hard to eat. By the time I realize I need to eat I get naseous and really don't want to eat.
The only thing that makes the morning sickness away is saltines. BTW I'm not a fan of saltines.
Craving of the day KFC!!!
I'm Pregnant!!! Sorry you are last to find out.
Moving sucks especially the part of going through all your stuff and weeding out junk.
Tim and I are going to move in with me mum!
TRICK OR TREAT!
Where is timmy with my jamba juice?
My grandparents were married 32 years ago in Vegas! I love them. Happy anniversary Mimi and Pop!
I have a dog, 2 cats, and 3 sugar gliders. In my dream they were all turtles!?!?
My kitties http://twitgoo.com/1j2g6h
Happy Birthday @timmyboy234!!! I love you Mr. 24
Please pray for my uncle. He was in a motorcycle accident.
I have a cheesecake to make today. Tim's birthday is tomorrow!!! He will finally be the same age as me hehe.
I feel dumb lol. Kids turned off the ac unit outside. Why is there a huge switch that anyone can turn off or on?
My A/C can't keep up with the heat. I want to go swimming so bad, but I can't because of the tat. http://twitgoo.com/1fzreb
Eeewww its peeling now, and it itches so bad. http://twitgoo.com/1fzgbs
My mom is a life saver! She is letting us borrow her jeep for the week while we get betty fixed.
Came back from vacation to my car (betty boop) dying. Its so sad and stressful.
I loves it when I have good peaceful convos with my dad! Doesn't happen all that often.
Can't wait to watch the gates tonight! I hope James's character will be back on the show soon.
@cheeks420 that sounds awesome. I love phase 10.
Woohoo I won!!!
Power is on, but now we are in a serious game of phase 10. ITS ON!!!
Oh man its getting hot in this tiny apt. I just came back from the heat and humidity. I WANT A/C!!!
...random power outage. What's up with that?
Sleepy sunday with my timmeh! He won't tell me what he wants me to cook for his bday. Suggestions?
I won't spam you guys anymore. Back to real life...boring and not much to talk about.
Ok turning off phone. Coming back to Dallas...if we didn't have babies waiting there we might not come home.
@cheeks420 tickets to what?
Couldn't catch the dolphins in a pic, they move so fast. Here is a pic of the skyline though. http://twitgoo.com/1f8jcy
I'm on a boat... http://twitgoo.com/1f8g0y
This is so beautiful!!! And the seagulls are funny. They keep putting on a show trying to get food. http://twitgoo.com/1exk0i
On tonight's menu...grouper wrap and drinks at a cute little place in clearwater!!! http://twitgoo.com/1exfsx
What do I say to my friend without hurting her feelings?
I'm not trying to be rude, but does anyone really want someone else planning their whole vacation?
I wish it wasn't my last night here. There's still so much I want to do.
Got pictures of kissimmee signs! Now forward ho to the aquarium.
My view right now! Sitting here on the rooftop of a restraint drinking a hurricane. http://twitgoo.com/1et9hi
I'm so angry with myself for spending the money on this purse. http://twitgoo.com/1et5c1
Oh here is my tattoo! http://twitgoo.com/1esz0x
So I can't go swimming or anything because of the tattoo. Btw the beach isn't as fun when you can't swim. I got drenched in sweat and sand.
Going to meet up with a friend for lunch in Sarasota. Anyone know of any cool little shops or touristy things to do around there?
What to do today? Beaches, museum, or shopping?
I got my first tattoo today! I will try to figure out how to put the picture on here later.
We were going to go to honeymooners island today, but exhaustion and sun burns won't allow it. I guess a day of shopping will fill the void.
The beach in Boca Grande is so beautiful. We saw a manatee come up like 5 ft from us. Had such an awesome time, but the sun cooked us.
Had a great night at Nanine's birthday party last night. She has made some awesome friends here in Florida.
I'm in florida babyyyyyy!!!!!
So I'm packing to go on vacation to Florida. I couldn't decide what to pack, so almost my whole wardrobe has been packed!
@ificandream Maybe the next dreamer can be a photographer so Gig or another model can pratice in the house. Since Gig gets so much drama.
@benelliottlook hey when is your next skype session?
#iicdhouse @TrueAlexLambert stop disrespecting your fans and get off the phone!
#iicdhouse Ben what kind of wrap are you eating?
#iicdhouse Hi, Kara! Just keep praying about the role. If it is meant to be you will know for sure.
@benelliottlook BENNNNN!!!! HI!
hey I'm back from hiatus...how do you spell haitus?
get a monkey #iicdhouse
#iicdhouse Now that you have been in the area for awhile, where are you favorite places to go?
@cheeks420 omg you saw brandon lol
Why is it that people can't be mature and work out their problems for themselves? Why do they come to me and Tim to fix it for them?
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms. I hope to be one someday.
What's a scent from childhood that is comforting to you? Mine is cover girl powder. My mom always gave me hers when it was almost gone.
Need to hurry up making this blanket. The cat keeps fighting me over my favorite blanket.
I'm having a tough time staying on a consistent sleeping schedule. Tim needs a daytime job asap. My body can't handle being awake all night.
Tim just said in his sleep "Craig is going to be gone for a few hours." When asked who craig is he replied "the sand" lol
I feel like I'm getting no where knitting this blanket. It just seem like an endless amount of stitches.
Stop being sick Christeena.
The man and his fiance are like family to me. All I can do is say goodluck finding a job in the business of all the people you screwed over.
Lol this guy fired a man and his fiance. Then lost his job. He has been unemployed over a year and is now asking the same man he fired 4 job
@karakillmer isn't Seth a bit of a freeloader? Why is he always in the house?
Jason, how do you like the house? #iicdhouse
Jason, Hi from a fellow Texan!!! #iicdhouse
Hi Jason nice to see you in the IfICanDream house! Love your hair, you should put blue streaks in it! #iicdhouse
I'm tired of fixing everyone's problems with everyone else. Must be why I've become a recluse.
Random early morning factoid: I have a pair of black stretchy pants I have worn since I was like 14. I'm 24 now.
You may think you are cool because you can play your music real loud in your car. I just think you are annoying and it sounds bad.
Whoa bed too late
I have a new found admiration for dolphins I heard a story about them protecting a guy from a shark attack. And found out it actually common
I got the best vday/birthday present!
@cheeks420 I want some! Where did you get that?
Put it on the record: I loathe the IRS. Looks like they are going to hold our return for months again just for the hell of it.
Don't eat the yellow snow
@bowiechick omg I will be praying
Chapter 2 is about the nervous system. I think I might hate this book.
A healthy dose of lost for breakfast!!!
Going to drop speech class and just focus on psych. I think I can be more dedicated that way.
Yay he's awake!!!
Wake up Timmy!!
Lots of reading to do. Hopefully it's interesting stuff or I might fall asleep.
I've decided I'm not having a birthday this year. So I don't want anyone to discuss it please. Maybe I can stay 23 forever!
Road Trip!!! Lol kind of sorta
wow I finally cleaned house here on twitter. I was following so many people it was hard to keep up, and stopped reading any of them.
@bowiechick go for the collab I will totally watch it....I loved watching you all back then! Too bad I never made any of my own vlogs
you know what...I don't care what anyone thinks about me for saying this but people should have the right to marry who they want
Oh baby its cold outside....la la la
@meganphelps you give Christians a bad name... God never said it was ok to hate anyone.. In fact his son says love thy neighbor
Google wave now magma....I'm having trouble keeping up with all the new social media!!! Where has my life gone?
I wish my ears would hurry up and stop hurting.
I wouldn't buy a Dell if I were you. They don't tell you that to use one of the add ons you have to buy like 15 more.
Managed to get everything we wanted. Thanks for praying...there's not a scratch on my body. Now to get out of the parking lot.
Black friday begins...pray tim and I live through it
Why am I tired when bedtime is supposed to be 6 or  7 am and I woke up at 5 pm today?
Thanksgiving at the Garland grill with Tim's dad! Haha putting a spin on this holiday.
Got my hot pink mace today. No body can mess with me now muahahaha
Just remembered a scary dream last night about a spider biting me.
Its our right to complain RT: @JGaspard: Because there are NO other problems facing our country http://ping.fm/bCuXG
@bowiechich I sent you an invite it says it may take awhile for you to receive it
Please pray for my mimi. She is in the hospital and in a lot of pain.
Sinus shot thing has me feeling soooo much better!!!! Now on to government reading.
Total doc visit including shot and meds was only $78 bucks. Thank you Lord! Tim and me were both expecting at least 200
That shot didn't hurt at all. Had to pull down my pants a little though. That was awkward lol.
Hanging out at the doc office. About to get a shot. Also this doc is awesome and gave me a bunch of samples.
@bowiechick I need an email to send the invite to can you DM it to me
Dude I think I just got a google wave invite...this is like being part of an exclusive club haha
Over 25 min wait for sushi and it was a to go order! A place I won't be back to.
Not a big fan of hinduism or even studying it for that matter. Don't mean to offend anyone but its not my thing.
His are like a water spout and he has to hover over a toilet till they stop. Mine isn't that bad, but it has been off and on for over 2 hr
I never get nose bleeds. What is this happening to me? I don't really know how to deal with them either because when Tim gets them...
Now onto hinduism and buddhism. The 2 religions I know the least about. Which means I will have to study hard.
That was the deepest sleep I have had in awhile. I'm awake now though.
RT: @projblogsphere: "Secret copyright treaty leaks. It's bad. Very bad." - http://bit.ly/4sDG5E
Stop honking outside...its annoying!
My hubby is awesome and just got a raise! In the words of napolean "that's like a dollar an hour"
Getting tired of school...maybe I should start working again
Just going to bed?!? Why oh why...I'm tired lol
#backnthedaycartoon pinky and the brain but there were so much more that I can't think of right now
#backnthedaycartoon Ren and Stimpy watched it with my dad lol
@bowiechick keep us updated if you are able. I'm glad your mom is going to take care of you lol
@bowiechick I hope that's not what it is. Are you able to leave work?
Most of the cities on the list are in Texas... http://bit.ly/4yEcE0
#tweetyourpassion mine is helping others
Betty Boop's alternator went out. All the money Tim and I have been saving up went to fix her. Meanwhile Tim is driving a van to work.
Just got an email from a friend in Ireland which makes me excited all over again. Now hopefully Tim and I can get the ball rolling soon.
Woke up feeling like I got run over...feeling a little better but not much.
I have to join the band waggon! I absolutely do not like the new facebook. Also myspace and facebook should not merge.
I have the door open...something smells really pretty outside. Wonder where the pleasant smell is coming from.
Going your way. Grow some courage and stand up for your beliefs. You are representing a whole state.
Some of the ways the legislature does things seems a little immature for professionals. I mean seriously hiding out because things aren't..
I will say this: it seems to me a good way to train for a spot in legislature is reality shows like survivor or big brother. Popularity wins
Reading about Texas legislature and its not making a lot of sense to this brain. I must not be in the mood for this information.
Time to get going on tons of school work for this week and next. That means shaiya might get neglected. Just when I reached level 40 :(
@Ears stop hurting please. K thanks!
Broadway is Beltline...Beltline is Broadway. Don't be confused when looking for NickelRama.
@cheeks420 your on my device updates but I just woke up haha
We have been so good with our budget. We are thinking about saving for a new TV and a Wii.
Inet out again ugh...verizon you are supposed to be the best! Why do you fail me now? I pay more for your service!
RT @jillianyvonne: Win a new Canon 5DMKII (or $2500 Gift Cert) from @OPGear & Scott Bourne. Pls RT. Details here: http://bit.ly/BqU8N
Internet went out. Tim is not home to fix it. I can't do school work, watch hulu, or play my online game. I'm lost without internet! :'(
Hey @cheeks420 where did you get the stuff to make those shrinky dinks? I have wanted to make some stuff with them.
Good pens are hard to find. If you are looking for a good one I suggest my fav...uni-ball signo premier 207 . I love this pen!!!
These classicgels pens suck and @timmyboy234 got me 4 of them. I appreciate it babe, but I want refills for my fav pen.
My phone was messed up and lost all my contacts, downloads, ringtones, etc.
Ok so microsoft officially sucks! First it screws up my new computer with faulty updates, and then come to find out they are the reason...
Ok seriously people lol my phone can't handle your tweets and I'm busy writing a paper so I can't check them. Just kidding of course a lil
I can't leave my phone alone as long as that any more. My inbox gets so full it bursts and my phone starts yelling at me to delete messages.
Lol Tim and I played a game on the computer all night!
RT @jillianyvonne: RT @pizzahut will donate 4 meals 2 World Hunger Relief 4 each person who RTs this: http://om.ly/OKEV #pizzahut
I miss the comfort of my favorite pen...don't worry pen you won't be lost forever. Hopefully I can find your ink refills.
Wake up sleepy butt!!! Talking to myself...I have a test today ugh
Tim and I may or may not be game nerds! Shaiya FTW...he's talking about dreaming about fighting monsters...so silly
Are giant squids real? Tim doesn't think so, but I'm pretty sure a couple years ago I read something about them.
Cute play overall...some fumbling lines, and audio problems though. I want to watch the movie now! Its been awhile and its good in october!
Intermission over...back to the show in Act 2!
Going to see a production of Sleepy Hollow The Musical!! So excited...and I think I look pretty which is not an often occurance.
People are so loud outside but in other new #beatcancer
This has been a week of suck. It started last Friday and I'm telling you...It ends today!
Too much coffee...I might be hyper! I also might be singing "she'll be comin round the mountain when she comes" to myself...haha
Thank you God! RT: @dallas_news That Colorado boy thought to have floated away in the balloon? They found him. At his home. He's safe.
Lol so funny to listen to those kids outside. I'm still worried about #balloonboy though. I'm praying for him and his family!
OH NO...please let that little boy be ok. This is heartbreaking. #boyinballoon
Turns out some kids turned the AC unit off outside. These kids need something to do. Their parents should put them in sports or something.
Crisis of yesterday AC went out. Went looking for a fan at 6am. Just now woke up. Good thing the weather got chilly.
I need coffee or something. I can't stay awake trying to read my religion book.
WHAT?!? Secession? Are you serious? I feel this is getting ugly fast! What happened to united? Texas?
RT: @HappySlip AMBER ALERT: 3 yr old boy taken by a man driving a 06 Mitsubishi Eclipse AZ plate # 98b351 Keep it going like it was ur child
If anyone knows a Megan Brewster ask her if she takes an online government class. If she responds yes...slap her for me.
To all prof. Out there in twitterland....group projects are not cool at all. It just causes tension with the students.
Why can I not send a mass email considering I just helped you get a good grade because you were not going to step up and do it yourself.
Even though as a group we were not supposed to get that credit because directions were not followed. I'm sorry but I must be doing it right.
To the person who felt compelled to respond to my mass email and give false information THANKS! I wonder why I got xtra credit last time...
Out of 28 people doing this assignment 2 of us once again had to bail the rest of you out. Thanks for being slackers!
Many many notes results in hand hurting badly.
This week in my world religion class is christianity...haha well duh I should ace it!
I'm a barrel of opinions today. Normally I'm very sympathetic, but not today.
How about putting me in a hotel. I was born here and have never done anything illegal.
That's going to make it harder for Tim and I to get Visas to the UK. Why make it illegal if you are going to give them every comfort....
Well lets just invite anyone in. RT @JGaspard: Are kidding me?!?!?! http://www.reuters.com/article/domesticNews/idUSTRE5955OL20091006
Sure is! RT @LauraOg: Good Lord! This is worse than the Smart Car! http://tinyurl.com/yju8vhu
Just a bit of advice... if you are always asking someone for help try helping them for a change, or at least just make yourself available.
Miso tie red. It was one long night last night. Today should be better.... wait... someone hit my car and didn't leave a note... nope worse
Uber frustrated. Wish some people would give me the same respect I give them.
Tim fell asleep and I was having such a good time :(
Heming a shirt I made. I'm excited to almost be done with it!
Missing my friend Nanine. I hope she's able to figure everything out!
Timmy went to go get a new tire because we got a flat on betty boop. Now that I'm done catching up on tweets, what to do?
@cheeks420 I have the same issue. I'm always drawn to black and white.
Anyone know of any theatre shows I can go to this month that aren't going to kill my budget? I have a theatre critique to do for a class.
Tim made fun of me because I cried watching the office. I just love weddings!
The nobel peace prize just lost all its meaning and glory. That man hasn't done anything yet to promote peace.
I'm freezing!
Taking notes on the elements of music. It takes me back to choir in middle and high school. I miss singing :(
Just found out my discussion board group in my Gov. Class is named Group 007 so I am calling us Group Double 0 Seven!
RT @johnculberson: New blog post: DEMOCRATS LEAVE DOOR OPEN FOR TERRORISTS TO BE TRANSFERRED TO U.S. http://bit.ly/4CiWmZ
233 calories vanished! I'm a little light headed wooo
202 calories burned. Forgot to take my B12 and feeling blah.
Just want to say my @timmyboy234 is the bestest! I love him and the wraps he makes me for lunch!
Anyone know how to get rid of ear infections without antibiotics. I can't go to the doctor, but I know I have an ear infection.
Everyone with sidekicks is really stressing right now! Tmobile why did this happen?
Tmobile...anytime now would be great. I mean its great you took money off my bill, but seriously I want service.
Saw a lot of cool stuff at the Modern Museum of Art in Fort Worth. My 2 favorites; book with wings, and Aschemblume.
So wasn't ready to wake up. Going to an art museum today though.
Still no service Tmobile? Why?
Tmobile you are very unimpressive. Why am I paying for something that doesn't even work. I want to be able to use net and IM.
Watching episode 4 now on www.ineedpopcorn.com
Never seen starwars. I want to though. I'm more nerdy now than I ever was. Weird how that happens.
I wish this dizzy spell would go away. It's making things difficult.
Woke up super dizzy. I don't know what's wrong with me, but this room won't stop spinning. I can hardly move my head :(
Listening to Tim tell his mom about the UK.
@cheeks420 that would be awesome. If we do move it will be about a year from now. I have to get a lot taken care of before then.
Wow I went to check the mail and got back right before it started pouring. Thank you God!
@cheeks420 that's the plan is to travel every weekend.
@cheeks420 I want to move there!!! Wanna join me haha
Think I'm weird. I guess they would be right though haha.
Burned 198 calories dancing on the elliptical to Lily Allen. Was so much fun. Good thing I don't have to go to a gym people would...
Working out to Lily Allen today. Going to work on my accent haha. I'm a dork
"Sun is in the sky. Oh why oh why would I want to be anywhere else?"
Emailing a friend that lives in Ireland for info on the UK. I asked him if they have anything like Wal-Mart. That is a deciding factor. JK
RT@projblogsphere:RT@adamostrow:You've Been Served ... A Court Order,Via Twitter- http://bit.ly/JQFsb What will Twitter be used for next?
Please pray I do better on tonight's test. I'm serious 58 is not going to cut it.
I burned 220 calories today. Was about to not even do the elliptical. I'm glad I did!
Didn't want to wake up today. I want to be lazy.
The season premiere of House was pretty good! I love psychoanalysis type stuff. The power of human connection is unbelievable!
Having trouble staying awake to read my Government book. Sometimes this stuff just get redundant.
Starting to vlog on my new channel. Www.youtube.com/kissmeteena thanks @bowiechick for the inspiration!
Anybody know of some good places to live in the UK? I'm trying to do some research.
Having fun playing with my Dad about how old he is today! Haha he is an old man, but he says that makes me an old woman.
Also have to go to the school to withdraw from my world lit. class. I'm sorry but prof. you don't get paid for me to teach myself.
Too much to do today. Just found out there's a savings account in my name that closes tomorrow if I don't add to it. Ex step parents*rolleye
92 on my govt test today! I have one tomorrow and Wednesday too.
I love @mellyjhart outfit...so cute!!!
@bowiechick I have an old laptop no sound though haha
Told my mom we are thinking about moving to the UK and she got said she would miss seeing grandbabies.
Was a slow day but I still burned 180 cals.
@karenalloy by asking the question you are obviously hoping to be respectful to another's ethnicity. Ignore their hatred.
We need a revolution in the U.S. or Timmy and I are considering moving to another country. Everyone should watch Sicko!!!
Having a disagreement with Timmy. He thinks he hasn't seen Bowling for Columbine. I know for a fact he has.
I might do Yom Kippur next year... Tim said he would punch me in the nose if he couldn't eat, and laundry really needs to be done.
I guess I will do laundry and work on next weeks grocery list. Sound like fun?
@cheeks420 I have 2 silly kitties. They are fun!!
Neko likes to throw all the kitty liter out as soon as there's a clean box and swept floor. Silly kitty, that's not nice.
Feeling very bored, but unmotivated. What to do, what to do?
I hope I feel better tomorrow. I keep falling asleep, and all I want to do is spend time with my Timmy
Juice box yay
@cheeks420 that mask is so pretty. Have fun!!
Not feeling very good today. Taking it easy. So much for going to the Holocaust museum. :(
I'll show you your's if you show me mine...cards that is...wait what?
Lol @timmyboy234 makes me laugh and sends me silly texts
182 calories all gone!!!
@bowiechick where we can learn to work and play, and get along with eachother
Just watched Arthur...loved that show when I was a kid!!! I think I still love it. Tim and I were singing along the theme song.
I want doughnuts...glazed...and...hmm...pumpkin pie...make it happen!
Whew that arts appreciation test was tougher than I thought it would be.
213 cals gone baby!!!!
Thank God the FBI prevented this from happening RT @dallas_news: Here's the early story. Details are still developing. http://bit.ly/19iMgx
Woohoo good work out! Burned 200 cals. And found out I lost 4 lbs. Yay!
The birds are going crazy in the tree outside my window. It's loud!
Just burned 180 calories!!! I'm awesome...haha I need a shower.
OH NO!!! There's a leak in my bedroom from that storm :(
My poor Prissy dog is freaking out over the storms :(
Checking out the awesome HashCloud at TweetStats! http://bit.ly/6g26F
Checking out my TweetStats! http://tweetstats.com/graphs/kissmeteena
First real run on the elliptical! Burned off 175 cal. Yay!
Watching Fat Actress....this show is hilarious!!! I love how kirstie alley makes fun of herself
Nose burns ahhhhhh
Nasal spray is almost more trouble than its worth. I'm tired of being sick :(
@jillianyvonne when do you need the money by for the fundraiser. I would like to help, but budget is tight this month.
Woke up to 2 cute kitties laying side by side at the foot of the bed.
@cheeks420 I got my elliptical on craigslist for free it just needed a new part
Thank you @timmyboy234 for fixing my elliptical! I'm sorry I don't feel like it now, but I will enjoy it.
Might drop a class because I don't want to teach myself. I thought professor's were supposed to teach.
I love spending time with @timmyboy234 he is so much fun and I love him super mucho
Haha will do RT @cassyrose: Life is short. Have an affair...with your spouse! (via @EdYoung)
I made vanilla puddin again. I'm sensing a pattern. I might need an intervention.
Tweet what you eat!  Follow @twye for an easy-update Twitter food diary!
I really need to get some stuff done today. No more procrastination.
That's awesome @bowiechick I'm sure he will do great!!!
Ouch I burned my finger.
Throat...pain...craving...kfc...throat...more pain...woe
Great grandma died last night. Please pray for my grandma she probably needs it.
Twitter turned off my updates last night. I'm back though!
Now on to kyle and trina's
Had "the talk" about babies with Tim....eh
Went to a friend's art show... I guess I don't understand modern art...just sayin
Is it still going on @dallastwestival
And he came right back after he realized it wasn't safe to drive...I try to tell him a woman's intuition is almost always right but NOOO...
Am I wrong in thinking its better to stay home when it rains if you don't have to go somewhere and your wife is sick? Ugh
I feel so ugh...I guess I'm officially sick. Its been a long time coming.
I was at school. Someone mentioned something about it between classes. I had no idea what they were talking about. Then we all were scared.
And um this is the 2nd time this week the power randomly went out. Don't they know it's bad on my new computer to do that.
But real kids next door instead of immature adults next door are so much better! So I'm not going to complain.
I'm awake I'm awake! Bad thing about naps is maybe not everyone is taking them and they can yell outside your door and startle you awake...
Nap time anyone?
Thanks its awesome that my pastors are now on twitter @PsRobertMorris and @PsDebbieMorris
This is really cool... http://bit.ly/2JQk0s
This stinks the Dallas Twestival is on the same day as Alvaro's art show. Maybe we can do both...fingers crossed
I couldn't take it anymore. I'm wearing stinky bug spray inside.
One more bite and I'm going insect repellent crazy! Try me Mr. Mosquitto...try me
I keep getting bit by mosquittos even though I haven't gone anywhere. How are they getting inside?
Ok now its nap time since @timmyboy234 and I were up till 6:30 last night
Hi 9-9-09
Wow I suck at tweeting lately
Importing music on a new computer is such a long process
@cassyrose follow @wfaaweather and @wfaaweathertoo for weather updates hopefully they will tell us if a tornado watch or warning is in effec
Glad it's thursday because for Tim and I that means its FRIDAY!!!!!
Ugh nvm I keep getting calls and can't focus. I'm going to eat instead of study. I love my friends and family but sometime I need study time
I'm studying. Sorry but I gotta say it "Leave me alone for the next hour or so"
RT: @LauraOg Ok this is scary.... Swine flu people beware! http://bit.ly/13ly9s
Opened the balcony door for my animals and a beautiful butterfly was hanging out at the door
I miss @timmyboy234 already, and he just left for work.
I always have trouble getting motivated after my lunch break. Next up is an essay about a painting.
Uh I live close to where the case was reported and there is a mosquitto in my apt somewhere...ugh
As I scratch my mosquitto bites RT@dallasnews_top Dallas County reports fifth human case of West Nile virus. http://tinyurl.com/lslo7m
I feel that was a pretty successful day of study. I'm such a worrier. I need to stop stressing and just get things done.
Is this the link?  http://bit.ly/EVmZV
A jew who believes in evolution? I'm confused and yet he makes a little sense?!?!
There's a formula that gives the percentage of whether God exists to you? I'll post the link of the documentary later. I'm watching it now
I'm so silly
Lunch break
Feeling intimidated by all the papers I have to write. Ugh
Crap got locked out of a quiz for some stupid reason. Now I have to email my prof. who is usually a jerk when I email him.
Ugh I'm not excited its monday. I'm nervous about everything I have to do for school. I really want to succeed but I may have overloaded
Woke up with a lamp falling on my head. Talk about rude awakening.
@cheeks420 I'm glad your cuz survived. Are they ok? So weird @timmyboy234 and I were just talking about near death experiences right before
@thetoadies thanks for an awesome concert! Deffinately coming back next year and bringing friends. Thanks for the tickets @1021edge
Lovin @thetoadies tonight!!!!!
Oops walked in on a guy in the porta poty :o hehe he should of locked it though
This is where I am @thetoadies concert http://twitpic.com/dmw67/full
Bowling 4 soup is so funny
In Hico, TX at the Toadies concert!! Sitting next to a lake and enjoying the music.
2 hours away starts in 30 min. Oh well
I'm tired and want to go back to sleep. Why is the concert 2 hours away?
I love artichokes!!!!
@timmyboy234 and I always make fun of the girl on the wisp commercial. "I'll be right back"
Night before the toadies concert tomorrow and I feel like crap. Hopefully tomorrow I feel better because I'm not missing it!
Just great :( one of my missing classes is there and I have something due by sunday. Please don't let it be some kind of essay paper ugh.
First time watching TV in forever. When storms roll through Hulu.com is out. Gotta go old school and watch actual TV
I'm making a shirt but the pattern confuses me. I have all the pieces cut out. I'm just going to figure it out myself, w/o the pattern.
In better news, or funny news, my cat neko likes to be spun in the computer chair until he gets dizzy. He actually wants to do it!!! Haha
Had my computer for a week and it messes up. Microsoft auto update messed it up. I wish I had the money for a mac. This is ridiculous!!
I need someone to kick my butt in gear. I'm just so self concious about writing papers that I get scared and don't want to do it.
I'm really enjoying my art appreciation class! I can't wait to do the assignment that I go to a museum and ciritque it.Bt Not a fan of essay
Yep I'm going to this thanks to the edge! RT @thetoadies: http://bit.ly/3gt3NS
Still waiting for 2 of my classes that I don't have access to. The guy on the phone said it could take 24-48 hours. That's my whole 1st week
Excited about @iiiiiii tonight! I don't get to go often enough :(
Uh oh no allergies today...puh puh please
In public schools they only teach things for the standardized tests. There is a lot more to learn to be able to be successful in our society
I think people who don't at least take basics in college are deprived. I have learned so much that they never taught in grade school.
Just realized how swamped with school I'm going to be this semester. I have only seen the due dates for 2 classes. This could be bad :(
Had my lunch, back to school.
Had my first technical issue with school today. Luckily my awesome prof. was able to help me figure it out.
Started school, but some of my classes are missing on my blackboard thing. I can't access them. I hope its fixed by tomorrow.
I miss @timmyboy234 he is playing basketball. I was supposed to play WoW while he was gone, but I can't figure it out.
Cleaning house. Kyle and Trina might come over tonight!
Wanting to make a huge bean bag couch to go in my sitting area in between fireplace and computer desk. I need supplies, but have no money.
Twittering from my new computer's gadget bar...hehe I'm a nerd
COMPUTER'S HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! You won't be hearing from me for awhile. Because I'm going to be nerding all over the inetz
I just saw fed ex coming down the road...screaming and yelling jumping up and down!!!!!!!!
Computer desk all set up! Just waiting on fed ex guy to deliver the computer...
So excited!!! Computer comes today. @timmyboy234 is going to go get me a new desk as well.
I miss @timmyboy234 he needs to come home from work now
Yuck took a nap and I still feel tired.
Please pray for my friend Nanine she is having a tough time out in LA...also pray that she comes back...nah nvm that's my selfishness talkin
Allergies are attacking me today...ugh I'm just going to lay in bed and watch more to love
Going to play this Call of Duty 4 demo haha
I want to kick my computer. Time to walk away I think.
Uh oh the game I downloaded may have done this computer in haha no more space on it
Anyone played Dreamfall before I downloaded a trial to test out the new monitor although need the new computer to actually test it.
@thetoadies are following me! Did they know I won tickets? @timmyboy234 and I are coming to their show on the 29th
If you are in the market for a new monitor Dell is awesome!!! Hulu is a whole new experience on this thing.
Um I wish @timmyboy234 was here to help me set this up
YAY YAY YAY monitor is here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Computer monitor comes today yay!!!!
Me and @timmyboy234 made custom fit mouth guards to whiten our teeth and it sounds so funny when we talk.
Just want to say I LOVE @timmyboy234 so much!!! He's the greatest and will always be my very best friend!!!
I just can't even fathom eating babies
Not a fan of "A Modest Proposal" by Jonathan Swift
Sad that my friend Nanine found another job in LA. I wish she could just come back home.
RT @moonfrye:@Lammerding whose son suffers from a rare genetic disorder. Please give/retweet at :-) http://Lammerding.org
At my niece's bday party at Chucky Cheese...I'm missing @timmyboy234 why do you work night shift again?
I think I might be getting to that age where I need to start taking care of my skin. Anyone have suggestions of facial cleaners, toners, etc
Trying to sew my brand name kissmeteena into my beanie...it looks like kid's writing...I guess that gives it character right?
I wish I wasn't obsessed with a computer I've never even seen or touched or used.
Waiting for Mr. UPS man to bring me my school book
@cheeks420 I was wondering why I hadn't gotten any of your tweets..just turned on device updates
The computer should be in before the end of the month and we are so excited. We have had our computer for 5 years. It's obsolete now.
Tim and I can't wait for our new computer. We get the monitor this week...22" wide screen with webcam a lot better than the 12" we have
I don't know why but I'm freezing my buns off
@timmyboy234 tried to scare my hiccops away but all it did was make me mad and skip my heart a few beats
1/4 piece of key lime pie was not a good idea....my tummy is full still an hour later
@timmyboy234 is leaving me for basketball
With the help of @timmyboy234 and google images I found out the car in my dream was a ford gt40 and it was red...I can dream
Got in a fight. He ended up accidently knocking his wife out. We were now witness to a crime and so I screamed drive. My brother...
Then we stopped at this random house to help some people on the way to ?school? maybe. While we were waiting to help them they...
Wow the owner of @timmyboy's old work paid for our whole meal tonight...that was including drinks
Ok a glass was thrown and then he walked out...crazy stuff
Lol the owner of the Garland Grill is telling this guy he has to sit in the corner...he is not playing nice
@ the Garland Grill where someone who has had a little too much is a little too friendly
There's a rainbow on my wall and I'm not sure where it's coming from
Was going to try and be an extra in a movie today but never got an email back so I guess it wasn't meant to be
Just got sprayed by a sprinkler while inside the car. What good does it do to water the pavement?
I really really gotta pee
Um I didn't really like District 9, but that's just me.
Went to fry's to look around. Now at kohl's
@timmyboy234 wants to get out and do things. I'm just not feeling it. I want to stay home and cuddle with the animals.
Btw banana bread beer is so good. Tim brought me one home last night. Even if you don't like beer, it's delicious.
@timmyboy234 is being obsessive about getting a new computer
Kind of excited...I may have made a new friend that's a girl. That never happens
@bowiechick I'm feel ya on that one, but I don't think you are a loser.
I really really like Tartuffe! It has a really good moral.
If someone were to walk in on me they would laugh, but it's a lot of fun to use different voices for each character in Tartuffe.
I take that back haha Tartuffe is a play. So I'm watching it play out in my head.
First up it's 1664 and Jean-Baptiste Poquelin Moliere is going to read to me Tartuffe in my salon with other intellectuals.
Yay @timmyboy234 fixed the car. No more sweaty drives because the ac now works. Ok back to world lit. I'm a reading machine!
Bff going back to LA today :(
Lol my dog loves going to pick up @timmyboy234
Feeling sore from arm work out, and still can't cough or laugh from yesterday's ab work out.
After the soreness of my abs today I'm contemplating whether I should work out again
All this printing is for my world lit class...I've been printing for hours
Printing printing and more printing
Sweaty and gross after driving @timmyboy234 to work. Hopefully he starts feeling better and doesn't have to come home.
My abs hurt
Getting things for my world lit. class ready. Anyone want to help tutor me? I'm going to need it
Don't watch the Belize episode of three sheets it will make you puke
Waking up and @timmyboy234 has had a rough night. Hopefully he will feel better before going to work.
Me and @timmyboy234 are watching for meteors...I've seen a few so far
My other cat while playing with the one who wants outside just jumped over me and kicked me in the head. What is wrong with these animals?
One of my cats really wants to be an outside cat, but I can't let him out. He could get hit by a car or beaten up by another cat.
Ok I feel the burn and I'm sweating a tiny bit...done?
Just finished reading Amos. Not much left of the old testament. Now I'm trying to motivate myself to exercize.
Just got off the phone with my dad...it was actually a pleasant conversation!
Getting a little scared about my world lit class...maybe I should start on it now because it looks intense
Mosquitos are so mean...I have a bunch of itchy bites
Finally got our tax refund check on Sunday!!! We took care of abunch of stuff yesterday.
Have twitter back yay!!! Sorry I have been absent
Ashamed for one of my aunts who cussed out my grandfather on a family bulletin board. I can see why my mom doesn't get along with her.
What to do today? Hmm
Allergy attack first thing when I wake up is so not cool
Slept most the day and wide awake now. What am I going to do? My schedule is all messed up now!
I'm tired
Lots of people at our party!
Haha awesome...my friend just informed me he heard my name on the radio last night about the tickets I won for The Toadies.
I'm hungry...
Apt is clean. Now we wait!
All that's left to do is mop. Then I just got to get myself ready!!!
Cleaned the bathroom. I'm really sensitive to cleaner w/ bleach though. Good thing most everything is already clean, because I feel sick
Didn't want to wake up, but I'm excited for today. Party at my apt for @timmyboy234's bday.
@stereostewart dang it we are having Tim's bday party tomorrow night...let me know when your next show
@stereostewart what are you doing tomorrow night?
Wow spent $190 in groceries, but got a bag of jack's links free with a coupon. So I guess it was worth it?
Flat tire on the side of the highway...good thing @timmyboy234 was with me when it happened. I'm so clueless about these things
So close to the finish line!!!!
Just have my bedroom left and then I'm done for the day. Well maybe...
I feel like I'm finally getting somewhere...this carpet is going to be clean enough to lick when I'm done. Although I don't recommend it.
If you only knew what hid in your carpet.....you'd probably throw up.
Haha I love watching the kitties walk on the freshly steamed floor. They walk really carefully like they aren't sure where its safe to step
Steam cleaning the carpets is hard work...I barely got anywhere and I'm tired already
Wishing I had some fabric. I want to make so much stuff. I just need the supplies to do it.
So we just witnessed someone with a Texas department of public safety sticker on their truck turn left in a straight lane...hmm
Yay I just won tickets to the toadies show. I won them from the edge for my cyber set list!!!! I guess they like my taste in music
Just want to say how much I love www.etsy.com if I had the money I would buy and sell so much stuff on there
RT @projblogsphere: "How To Hijack 'Every iPhone In The World'" - http://bit.ly/lfHsS
I have the cutest kitties!!! They are so sweet to each other. It's brotherly love
I should be feeling better tomorrow. I hope I feel better tomorrow. I need to clean!!!!
I've been awake for almost 2 hours. Can I take a nap now? I want to feel better :(
I don't feel very good....ugh
Wake up!
@timmboy234 and I are having a party by ourselves tonight hehe...sometimes its fun that way
Nothing at all to do today....hmmm
@timmyboy234 silence your phone until we are ready to wake up because you never tell people to call you back
@xsamanthanicole try veggie rolls they are better to people who don't like sushi that much or california rolls
Went to see G Force with lil bro and sis it was cute. Now lil sis is at my house playing with the dog.
@timmyboy234 can you get me my protein shake?
I don't understand why it would take this long to send us our money. Its been since February. People who filed late have gotten their refund
Btw I detest the irs...in dealing with them this year for our refund we have discovered that they are idiots...and we still no refund
Just woke up again....not sure why we slept so late
Thinking I don't belong at these apts. I mean is it unreasonable to not want loud bass thumping the walls this late
eh...I don't know http://tinyurl.com/nqx9kn
I love seeing my @timmyboy234 in the middle of his shift at work...can't wait for tomorrow that's when our weekend starts
Going to lunch (daytime people's dinner) with my hubby @timmyboy234
Just typed in 15 generations of my family on Ancestry.com
I just found an Abercrombie in my family tree...I want a family discount...who can make that happen
Awesome my mom brought over books of our family history and documents and pictures. Can't wait to look through it.
I'm so hungry...waiting for my mom to come over though! I haven't seen her in awhile and I'm looking forward to it!!!
Its been cooler today than the past 4 weeks and I still have pools of sweat on me when I come home from dropping off @timmyboy234
Spaghetti you're going down...down the hatch that is!
Wow I have a Patrick O'Brian in my family tree haha
About to seam up the beanie I knitted for @timmyboy234
Nanine where are you? Everyone I'd trying to get ahold of you.
@stereostewart no you don't! I had a few for ya. If you get tired of that place call Tim and get directions to where we are.
@stereostewart will do!
@stereostewart I can't come by tonight but let me know the next time you go to karaoke...you know I love it!!!
On to Joey's to hang with Nanine's ol gang
Of course idiosyncracies sounds better than mental problems, duh.
What is it with all mine and Tim's friends wanting to hang out at the same time...probably going to go hang out with Joey and posse after
Yay off to celebrate Philip's 23rd BDAY!!! It will be a long drive but he's a great friend and totally worth it!!
Going to Kyle and Trina's house, and then on to see Harry Potter with them!!!
My ears and throat hurt and the room keeps spinning...wish I could go to the doctor. In other news I'm excited about Harry Potter tonight
Knit knit knitter
God is telling me to be humble! Everyone who is arrogant will eventually be brought down. If you don't believe me read first 6 chap Daniel
Haha doing a quiz and found out if you overfill the gas tank on a lawnmower just put a tampon in to absorb the excess...priceless info
Signed up for edgeheads wow there's so much stuff you can win I'm excited
Hmm finding people from your past may not mean the same to you as it does to them...I just want to state I'm happily married!!!
Why am I eating this? http://tinyurl.com/nf42hc
Sorry forgot to put this up when I made it http://tinyurl.com/kq97kn
Doggy and Kitty love...Prissy and Neko they are so cute!! http://tinyurl.com/lpz42b
I'm not a fan of stand up comedy....sorry but things are a lot more funny when they happen by accident
Waiting on these fireworks but hmm hear some can't see any...all these people will be so mad if we miss them
My face is covered in mosquitto bites...that's the only part of me they could get to while I was swimming yesterday
Happy 4th...mine will consist of scratching all these mosquito bites
Getting to bed feeling sick...hope I feel better tomorrow because I have plans
@timmyboy234 almost got crushed under betty boop (my car), but with God's help I saved him
Chuckling because my hubby @timmboy234 just said out loud B-R-B
Uh was that a gun shot outside. I'm not going to check sorry I'm staying right her
@stereostewart been good...miss rocking with you and Manders!!! Those were fun times!!! How've you been?
@StereoStewart Ricky I love you!!! When are we going to meet up? I miss you dude. It's been too long
I knitted a headband!!! http://tinyurl.com/n7qwou
I'm warrier worrier! Hahaha
I like to be the center of attention, but have social anxiety. RT @moonfrye: A fun sentence to finish. The strangest thing about me is...
And...and....and....it's so hot outside today it makes me even more grumpy!!! Please let this day get better.
Cause you to pay more and more money. I think paying over 2800 for expired tags is ridiculous. Drug dealers get off with paying less tha ...
Is just out to get more and more money. Their cops pull you over for any minor thing, and then the judges tell you to do things which...
Ok so for anyone in the DFW area. I would suggest you don't move to Euless if you are thinking about it because their whole system...
Busy beaver today...well busier than most days.  I'm all dressed up nice too, and just because I felt like it.
Wow just designed a cool headband...it was by fluke but it looks really cool.
Knitting a headband...I think I'm obsessed
I miss my car(Betty Boop)...my bro in laws car keeps stalling out on me, and people look at you funny when you stop suddenly in street
Wow I slept in pretty late today
yep it's fixed I'm now getting all twitters yay
my phone was not working again...but I think I fixed the prob
I love me some @StereoStewart ... I miss ya dude!!
I finished the blanket!!! Now what am I going to do with the rest of my life? http://tinyurl.com/lnb7xo
I've just entered @technoblast's competition to win some throwboy pillows! You can too  http://bit.ly/technoblastcomp #technoblastcomp
Both @timmyboy234 and I woke up feeling yuck...hope the day gets better!!
Finally made @jillhanner portabello mushroom pizza....soooo good!!! I love it
RT @Orbitz We're giving away a free airline ticket today! Orbitz followers who RT this message are eligible http://bit.ly/bVSuU
It's so hot outside. I should have stayed in bed....told ya
I do not want to get out of bed today bleh
Thinking about trying @jillhanner portabello mushroom pizza for lunch. It looked so yummy in her youtube vid.
Then a little ways down the road two kids run out in front of me and don't even look to see me coming. I didn't hit them no worries, still.
I saw a dead kitty on the highway. Well tonight I was thinking about it and then had to swerve to miss an armadillo....
@jillianyvonne yeah in need of a new pillow! I knew about dust mites, but didn't even think about their poop. EWWWW
Going to grab a bite before @iiiiiii tonight. Mine and @timmyboy234 first time there. Normally we watch online, but his work is let us go.
I'm playing bingo on www.there.com
Hmm its way too hot outside I don't like it...what should I eat for snack?
Soo tired long weekend of visiting family. Met my step moms family for the first time. That was fun. Wish I was more out going though.
Sorry almost forgot to wish everyone happy fathers day. Mine wasn't too bad. I love my dad even if he irks me sometimes.
Wish I felt more like honoring my dad tomorrow. Does anyone else think they are going to have to fake it?
I think I'm sunburnt...yuck and I smell like bug spray...yuck...and I just want to complain some more
Running running running...gotta get things done! Surprise for someone in @timmyboy234 family this weekend.
@bowiechick I have the same problem
I woke up late and feel stinky. My headache never went away last night, and I have congestion in my chest. Why can't I be healthy?
Gotta get back in the hang of twitter its been too long
I'm back tweeps! Yay phone service is back on!!!!!
It grew?!?! http://tinyurl.com/mtzruc
I'll probably be tweeting more after wednesday...that's when I'll be able to turn my phone back on yay
I'm alive...the storms were bad last night, but I survived lol
When did I become domesticated? http://tinyurl.com/m68v3s
if you are one of my close friends that has my cell # please don't text or call for the next 2 weeks...I'm broke as a joke and cant pay cell
Going to bed now...this is weird getting to bed before 2am
Also today we are cleaning house. Sorry I'm not much help @timmyboy234. I did get the bathroom spotless at least.
Having major allergy attacks today. I guess I'm going to be sick next week.
I'm so angry! My only owner is my God. No country will own me. #American: Freedom to Fascism
@JGaspard thanks for tweeting about America:Freedom to Fascism my hubby and I are actually going through some trouble getting our refund now
@heynadine enter me in your contest to #winfreewebcams
I'm pretending I have something very profound to say that will change your life!
Tim and I have no money to pay bills. Stupid IRS!
So when are we going to impeach this liar. We are not a muslim nation. Obama needs some history lessons, as well as some current statistics.
Went to the No Doubt concert a few days ago!!! I love them. I have since I was 14 and will continue to love... http://tinyurl.com/qk8w8e
Had one of those life flashes before your eyes moments driving home. A huge truck trailor decided to swerve into my lane at the last second.
Silly kitty don't you know that I will be less generous with my attention if you wake me up 3 and a half hours early.
I need to get in gear. It's time to step up and get things done.
I love @timmyboy234 and my animal children...we're such a great family!!! Neko was so cute waking me up this morning hehe
@bowiechick I'm Chrissy
Watching gossip girl lol I'm a dork
I'm fed up with the IRS! Where's our tax refunds? It's been 5 months and you are saying it could be another 6 to 8 weeks. No that won't do.
RT  @Timmyboy234: If a+b= and c x d=b and d=48 and b+c = 4 wat does a equal
Being driven crazy by the bite on my toe
Mosquito bites on the toe are no fun...it's all swollen and itches a lot
Thought about making a creme brule frappicino, but my legs hurt from yesterday.
Lazy day today after an action packed day yesterday.
My throat hurts....I think I screamed more than I ever have in my life...in case you didn't know No Doubt has been my favorite band since 14
The No Doubt concert was FLIPPING AWESOME!!! I haven't had that much fun in along time. They played all my favorites.
I stood in line for the bathrooms for like 10 min and come out to a packed place...everyone wants to see no doubt
Yay, stopped to buy a blanket..ate some subway..got some frapps...now at the concert!!!!
Got here with 10 minutes till the ticket booth closes. Hopefully we made it in time. Gotta go get a blanket. Our brand new chairs not allow
Running late to pick up our tickets for the concert. Going to be praying we get there in time.
Preston is moving soon, and might move to Arkansas. If he does we can only commit to seeing him once a month.
Had fun at #bigbrothersbigsisters picnic. Preston went swimming, played bingo, got a bunch of books. This might be our last weekend with him
So we are finally on our way to pick up Preston. The picnic started at 11:30 and it is now almost 12:30. We are never very punctual
Neighbors are being loud again. Hoping Tim calls the police. One more written report and they will be asked to move out.
Looking forward to a jam packed day tomorrow...big brother's bis sister's picnic with Preston and then No Doubt concert!!! YAY!!!
Veggie kabobs and mimosas equals pure bliss lol
Going to Kyle and Trina's now. I love playing their Wii! Tim put together some veggie kabobs for me to grill. I'm excited!!
@timmyboy234 forgets to brush his teeth regularly and that could end up costing a lot.
Used the little wisps toothbrushes I got with a coupon...I don't know about them though. They are a ok, but would get expensive.
Just saved $10 off of $150 grocery bill...but we had to get some stuff for the concert and stuff for the grill tonight at Kyle and Trina's
I'm so done with this whole traffic tickets stuff with Tim. I think the whole system is ridiculous. Tim is a good driver.
It's errands day...taking tim to courthouse to pay for tickets, going shopping, gotta get some lawn chairs for no doubt concert yay
But I want cookie dough ice cream babe
Wondering what I should do today
Make this pain stop!!! I don't like being a woman sometimes.
Waiting outside for Tim
That was a bit scary driving in the stormy weather
Thinking about waking up from nap...
Taking a nap...hopefully I will feel better after
I feel completely yucky...boo hoo hoo!
Ok so I was a little pesimistic...it's not so bad
Normally I'm not bored with guys, but I don't know. These guys are different
Going to friend (jesse's) house...probably going to be bored out of my mind because I will be the only girl with a bunch of guys
Tim and his brothers had some food poisoning or something from 7/11 slurpees.
Clipping coupons again today. All you magazine has a ton. This is pretty fun.
Memorial Day! We should thank them everyday, but at least they have one day they are thought of. Happy memorial day!
I've become a coupon clipper...a friend told me one time because of coupons she went into the store and walked out with a bag 4 only $1.45
To all the idiot drivers out tonight...cool it...there's been too many friends of mine who have died in car wrecks and I don't appreciate it
Busy day today. Went to see my Mimi in the hospital, hung out with Preston's family, and now off to Forney(the country) spend night w/friend
Please pray for one of my old co worker's family. His neice and daughter have died, and his wife and 2 y.o. are in critical condition.
Wakin up a little early today it seems.
Looking forward to cheese lasagna, but it takes so long to make. I haven't had lasagna in forever!
@timmyboy234 I love you too babycakes!
@timmyboy234 stop saying stuff like that on twitter. You know it is public, and anyone can read it!
So lazy today...blah
Tweet tweet!
Just want to say @timmyboy234 is the best husband ever! I love hanging out with him, and starbucks this morning was so much fun!
Reading Ezekiel...the angels sound more like aliens, but I would be interested in seeing one
Not having cable sucks...I never noticed until I actually tried to watch my T.V. Stupid fox won't come in and I'm trying to watch #Glee
Takin a nap...
Kind of interested in this Glee show. Hmm
Sometimes these animals drive me nuts. Neko please stay out of the kitchen when I'm making food.
Just got the book The Soloist in. I'm excited to read it and then go check out the movie.
I haven't bought the tickets yet. If you would like to go with us let me know by tonight.
Yay getting tickets for the no doubt concert on the 30th...I'll be on the lawn but who cares
Tim is so sweet! He's the best, and I love it when he makes me half sandwich half soup.
My best friend lives in LA and I can't get ahold of her
Weird earthquakes here and now in California...hmm
Please pray for my Mimi she's going to have surgery tomorrow.
If you try sending someone with Tmobile a picture message they won't be able to view it...try sending an email instead...wishing for iphone
Tim is so weird lol
Just found out today is a friend's 21st birthday. So we are heading over to his house.
@xsamanthanicole that's not baby sitting that's what I call easy money...hehe
This is such a great message! RT: @bobhamp: Just posted a new blog entry: http://cli.gs/3LPM5E
Kind of sad. Our little brother Preston with #bigbrothersbigsisters is probably moving out of state soon. His family is now our family.
Too bad I don't have my iphone yet. I would be sending you pictures of the game. All I have is this stinky sidekick ID boo.
They just threw the angels pitcher out for hitting the rangers batter. CRAZY!
On our way to the Ranger's game. Preston said "I spent all my money on this yo-yo. What a rip off!" Funniest thing I've heard from a kid.
ThermaCare thing on my back. I'll let you know if it works. I have a feeling it won't. I need it to though because going to Ranger game.
Wow Tim and I woke up with a bang. It felt like there was an earthquake and the kitties got scared. One tried to poop in our bed.
@wfaaweather and @wfaaweathertoo was there just an earthquake near the DFW airport?
@prestonmorrison it's kind of a fad for younger girls, but mostly short dresses.
And he finally woke up because the water faucet sputtered. Then he scared me because I thought he was sleeping. And then a tickle fight!
Been having some problems with my back lately. Anyone know something I could do besides going to the chiropractor? I don't have the money.
Tim's friend from work's wife just had a baby! Aww
Tim doesn't want to wake up so I tickled his nose and armpit and he's still sleeping. I guess I will leave him alone then.
Had an awesome sandwich!!! I should share the recipe for the spread.
I love making food with the hubby even if he gets a little nerdy sometimes...haha
http://twitpic.com/54qp4 the @aplusk sign over CNN sign on his ustream
So @aplusk has now taken over CNN!!! Awesome  (Ashton live &gt; http://ustre.am/)
watching the ding dong ditch by @aplusk http://www.ustream.tv/ashton  (Ashton live &gt; http://ustre.am/2eOa)
@aplusk the ding dong ditch is making me crave chocolate  (Ashton live &gt; http://ustre.am/2eOa)
I'm hungry, but I think I will wait to eat...watermelon is kicking my butt right now
I have a few prayer requests. My mom needs prayer finding a job, my grandmother is in the hospital, and Tim wants the mavericks to win. THX!
@wfaaweather oh please make the hot sun go away lol
How do you meat lovers eat that stuff. I mean it tastes good but I kept getting it stuck in my throat.
Shhh don't tell Tim....I ate his soup, oh and it had meat in it. I'm in big trouble!
To the people that wouldn't let me over until I crammed myself in on the highway.....you suck! I almost died because you wouldn't yeild
@jakefogelnest are you taking phone calls now?
Last day of school today!! Back to being a housewife...which I love!!!
@mememolly blue, pink, red, black, and silver are my favorite colors. Oh wait do I have to pick one?
Oops that was meant for my friend. This twitter thing is getting out of hand
We're here!
Change of plans...going to Nanine's house it's her last night here. Wearin my pjs because I don't feel like getting dressed again...haha
Well leaving my mom's and going back home. Please pray for my mimi. She is in the hospital and they don't know what's wrong.
@jillianyvonne lucky for having your family on twitter. Working on getting mine on here
Now on the way to my mom's after quizno's
Saw Tim's mom, and she rocked at guitar hero!
Tim's so upset. Poor baby
Tim's sad that the mavs lost...looks like I will have some consoling to do tonight
Staying off my feet for awhile. I have a lot of blisters from last night, and it hurts so much to walk.
Just got home. I'm ready to crash, but it was a really fun night! I miss my neener beener so much!
At a place called chill. I guess its fun...not really my scene.
Hanging out with Nanine! Going to wilhoites on grapevine main street. It will be just like old times.
Also I'm kind of freaking out. This is the most I have driven in like 4 years. So I'm having a moment of anxiety. Hopefully it passes!
Tim had to go get a new tire. I wasn't confident driving with the bad one. I pray he doesn't get pulled over though.
Some birds made a nest in the wall outside my apartment.The chicks are getting louder and louder everyday.
I'm so hungry!! Tim went to the store to get me some watermelon. I have the best hubby!!
Finally I'm on the last video. Next is the final. Wish me luck!
2 more to go! Yay and my best friend is back in Texas. We're going to Ihop tonight! Yay
3 more to go...last one was about Republicans...and Bush's face made me want to puke
4 more videos to go
I'm bored with these history videos. I should have spaced things out more. I have to watch 7 in a row before my final
With oprah's free KFC I wonder what's next. She's going to have numerous loyal followers, and then comes world domination. I'm scared
@DatAintRight sorry I didn't look until now. How did your final go? I will be taking mine tomorrow and Friday hopefully
I don't like driving in the rain. People drive crazy. I almost lost control of the car too.
If you are wondering why I said it was a stripper, I just guessed. It was 3 am and she got out of the car in flashy clothes.
I'm starting to actually like driving! I love jammin out with the moon roof open! Oh and I saw a stripper run into a guard rail haha
@bowiechick I would DM but you aren't following me. Why are you at the hospital? Are you ok?
I'm tired of having to pay all hubby's tickets. My car will never be legal if I have to keep paying all of those. Frustration...
Happy cinco de mayo!!!
I do believe this whole driving thing is getting easier. I was jammin out the whole way here!
Leaving to go pick up Tim now. Pray for me if you are still awake.
This history book confuses me. I thought we were already past JFK. In previous chapters he was assasinated and now we are going back before
@moonfrye Me and my cousin have a video of us singing a song from lion king, but I think my favorite was part of your world from lilmermaid
Phew I found it! That was a close one. I'm almost done with the semester. Not the time to be losing books.
Lost my history book! What am I going to do...need to study 3 chapters
Ok I got home by myself yay! Now at about 2am I have to go pick @timmboy234 up. I will need prayers then too.
OH NO! I don't want to drive...please @timmyboy234 don't make me! Ok I'm taking my dog and my bible for support. Pray for me!
I'm scurred!!! Have to drive Tim to and from work today. That means I will have to drive home by myself and pick him up by myself. Yikes!
Thinking about expanding my repertoire to Jazz. What do you think? Would I make a good jazz singer?
I'm movin on up...lol I'm at a swanky country club listening to a 20 piece jazz band
How do I get rid of mount monstrossity on my chin. It's been there 3 days and no head has appeared. It hurts so much :'(
I love lazy sundays with the hubby!! Going to some jazz show later...hmm what to wear?
Pimple forming on my chin...stop hurting me...please just go away because I don't like you
The movie passes we had didn't work at that theater. So we are at the library.
Its raining so hard! I kind of like it, but I'm scared to drive in it. Taking Preston to the movies tonight!
Lol my hubby is weird sometimes RT @Timmyboy234: I am taken a poo and singing to my wife
I miss my neener beener! I watched Bride Wars and cried because I should of been watching it with my best girl friend
I've been driving for 2 hours...it's scary, but I'm doing well
To get 4 sugar gliders, 2 cats, the dog, the hubby, and myself in the bathtub to be safe. Also I'm not sure how safe the 2nd story apt is.
I'm not going to allow tornados in Dallas. So God please make the bad weather go away. It takes me too long...
Thank you @timmyboy234 beef jerky baby!
@timmyboy234 can you please make me some coffee
Oops stupid me... follow my hubby @timmyboy234 #followfriday
You should follow my hubby so that maybe he will start tweeting. #followfriday
Tim please no more tickets. I don't like having to drive but if your license is suspended I will do it!
Go Mavs! http://tinyurl.com/ccw9kz
Yay talking to my Nanine!
Don't look to close I did a crappy job on my nails. http://tinyurl.com/cknk5n
Devo  Watch Us Work It haha this song is so awesome for my nerdy mood  http://blip.fm/~5az38
I'm a goofy goober yeah we're all goofy goobers yeah...I love being a dork! Feel like doing my finger dance and singing in to my tooth brush
@the_real_nash House of Leaves is a crazy book. It will blow your mind!
Please go away Mr. Rain. My arms hurt because of you, and I'm too young to have arthritis. I'm not even sure that's how you spell it.
Good nap! This rain and stuff makes me all sleepy
Got a sore throat bleh...and I'm tired...taking a nap soon
Dang it I keep losing the back to my amethyst earrings. I'm just lucky they stay in without the back until I realize it.
I've just snapped a new picture: http://dailybooth.com/KissMeTeena/265269
I look silly with braided pigtails, but its so much easier when taking care of this long hair of mine.
I've just snapped a new picture: http://dailybooth.com/KissMeTeena/262630
.. .----. -- / .- / - .- -.. / -... .. - / ... -.-. .- .-. . -.. / .- -... --- ..- - / ... .-- .. -. . ..-. .-.. ..- Morse Code
Now my husband is holding neko in the air as a fly swatter. What a crazy family I have!
He is still playing in the window, and it probably looks hilarious from outside.
My animals keep me laughing all the time. Neko decided to go chasing a fly in the window and almost pulled down the curtains...
I'm blessed with the most wonderful people in my life. Preston brought me a flower from home earlier. It's so pretty!
Timmy is the best he went to the store and bought me all kinds of chocolate and creme brulee
Was in pain all night...took some heavy duty pain killer and have been sleeping ever since. Thinking about waking up now.
Guess where?...Chicken nair because chickens don't have hair
Finishing up some Spanish assignments. Then getting ready for date night with Timmeh!
the 90s were the best...  http://blip.fm/~4syiz
estelle  http://blip.fm/~4svo7
Having trouble writting a book journal for history. I would rather test over it. Just don't much like sharing my feelings over it.
Happy Earth day! Wish it was cooler outside so I could celebrate it without airconditioning.
It's Holocaust Remembrance Day. I'm going to take a a minute and give thanks that I'm not persecuted for my beliefs.
Tim made a new word for frost bite...ice farts hahahahahehehehe This is why I love that man!
I feel like I'm getting what my Timmy has :( yuck
Coloring and sad that my Timmy is sick
Today Tim and I are going to make a bottle rocket with Preston. I'm glad we are a part of #BBBS or big brothers big sisters.
Had a fun night with my unexpected trip to D&B and the night park with my dad, step mom, bro and sis. Bro and sis back to Lousiana tomorrow
My first test score was a 69 and my second was a 45. I'm pretty sure my last one would have been worse.
A little upset I just dropped a class. Statistics was way too advanced for me at this point in time. I only would have had 3 test grades.
I've just snapped a new picture: http://dailybooth.com/KissMeTeena/212045
If anyone is feeling depressed you should watch the darfur episodes of Dr.Danger on hulu. We have no reason to be sad when we are blessed
Dedicated to my hubby!  http://blip.fm/~4e4xl
Johnny Cash The real deal  http://blip.fm/~4e48e
..........  http://blip.fm/~4e30d
 http://blip.fm/~4e073
Love this song! Also reminds me of the situation in Somalia. We deal with taxes, while they lose their lives.  http://blip.fm/~4dzuh
Love this song!  http://blip.fm/~4dzmd
I guess I'm fighting off getting sick, but I have been so tired lately.
Listening to this american life on itunes...I loved the tv show on showtime...can't get enough of it
@mrskutcher @aplusk please spread the word about www.stopspendingourfuture.org
Me and the animals are having trouble staying awake. They can take their nap, but I need to study.
http://tinyurl.com/d4tzab Too cute!
Submitted FAFSA today....please let me get something good!
RT Beware of the twitter worm http://tinyurl.com/c4xqrw
Alf on hulu hooray!
I'm so tired of neighbors who don't respect their neighbors. I'm trying to study, can you please turn down your bass?
Texas is from the word Tayshas which means friends. Hispanics changes it to Tejas, and then it became Texas. I'm a friend!
Government 2 chapters to read. Take both chap tests. Not too hard.
Easter was fun although I didn't get to see any of my side of the fam. Saw hubby's dad and mom and brothers.
Hubby's friend at work died this morning. Pray for his family please.
So my dilema over the past 3 days is resolved finally!
So I got the heels but they are a size too big, and I had to put 4 inserts in them. Hopefully that works tomorrow. I also drank pickle juice
Cutest thing ever. Earlier Preston told Tim not to use his debit card because he needs to save his good money. He said its bad to waste it.
This might be a little too personal, but I haven't pooped in 3 days. Hmm
Ok so no yellow boots, but on the hunt for these cute heels in my size. Every journeys store has heard Tim's voice pleading for me.
Had some much fun at the Fort Worth Stockyards! There were longhorns, goats, ducks, ice cream, guy on stilts, etc. Preston loved it too!
About to sit down and watch some movies with the hubby. Excited about the Easter egg hunt at stockyards tomorrow.
Went to the hospital to see Tim's friend. He's doing much better. Thanks for your prayers.
I need some yellow boots. Where can I buy some yellow boots?
I've just snapped a new picture: http://dailybooth.com/KissMeTeena/184188
I love days spending time with the hubby!
Keep praying for my husbands friend. He is doing really bad.
Just confronted the woman next door. Told her she could do better than that guy, and that she deserves better.
I've just snapped a new picture: http://dailybooth.com/KissMeTeena/176337
Haha I'm a nerd. I mixed coffee, milk, and orange sherbert in a blender. It's actually not bad, and even more weird is that seems familiar.
I can record everything said without my door being open. So frustrated. I just want to live in peace.
Collecting evidence right now, even though the apt manager said it was handled. They have their door open and are talking loudly.
Today's Agenda: shower, history videos, history test, collect evidence, laundry, feed animals, etc.
@aplusk thanks for supporting Texas! I love my home state!
#seven my husband influenced my spiritual journey the most
#seven I read my bible daily to hear and find favor from God.
Not sure about these eggs I hardboiled. The date said no good after 3 15 09, but does that matter when they are hard boiled?
Please pray for my husband's friend Bryan. His kidneys are failing. He might not have much longer.
I think he's a brown recluse. Please save me!
The spider that I killed before, his brother is here to get me! I saw him and then he disappeared. I gotta get out or he will kill me.
Really excited for my mom! She's going back to school. She will be taking online classes like me!
In it my neighbor talks about stealing a couch. This might turn up more than just them being loud neighbors.
Tim suggested we record everytime our neighbor is loud on a digital recorder I have. Just got the first recording.
Will be traveling back in time to 1952 through 1974. Should be interesting!
Feeling super happy for no particular reason. Just thought I would share it!
@karijobe Happy Birthday!
How's everyone's Sunday night going?
I don't think I have ever slept so much in 24 hours, but I guess that's expected after losing sleep and getting sick
Just woke up, but not feeling too great. I think not getting sleep for over 24 hours made my immune system spaz. Feeling sick
Well since it seems like DallasTube fell through and I haven't slept in over 24 hours I will instead be catching some zzz's
@ocho01 are you at dallastube?
I have a front row seat to the show.
My hubby is so sexy when he works on cars. This is just like construction with one guy working and everyone watching. Hehe
If anyone is up that knows something about radiator leaks on 2001 cavalier, could you DM me? Bro in law has a serious problem.
Police man said he had a scholarship to Texas Tech but turned it down, and wished he hadn't.
Ok so the father in law just got pulled over. Was going 82 in a 65. Was let go with a warning because my bro in law goes to Tech.
Really want to go to DallasTube, but this trip to Abiline is kind of far. Not even sure DallasTube is still happening anyways.
Impromptu road trip to abiline tonight. Bro in law needs help with car. Pray that the crazies stay far from us, please.
I feel blessed my husband and I are sweet to each other. Life may not be perfect, but my hubby is the best!
Date night was awesome. Leaving I love you man a married couple with 5 kids was yelling at each other across the whole movie lobby.
Ravioli needs to tweet....because he doesn't enough
With hubby at Chilli's drinking a Grand Patron...didn't plan for it to be date night but I'm not complaining
@dataintright Are you still going to DallasTube tomorrow? I haven't heard anything about it recently.
Drinking Jason's Deli coffee not as good as my ginger lattes lol, but used raw sugar from hawaii
I probably no take that back...I bombed that statistics test. Failed the last one too. For anyone thinking statistics is easy,think again
Going to talk to the apt manager about noisy neighbors again. Wish me luck!
Wishes this classical station would stop talking and just play the music that helps me concentrate!
@DallasTube is it still on for this Saturday?
Nothing better than ginger lattes and billy holiday singing the man I love to help me study!
Time to get to work. It's hard to read a history book for hours. Good thing I figured out how to make ginger lattes.
Trying to get my dad to sign up for twitter. He's worried about identity theft. Anyone heard any cases of it?
Could use some ear plugs right now. I love kids, but not when they are screaming while I'm trying to study.
Sitting down to start my daily bible reading...after that I need to buckle down and read my history book I have a test in a week
I've just snapped a new picture: http://dailybooth.com/KissMeTeena/147702
What to do for April Fool's Day?
Just read Ecclesiastes today. I'm a little confused by eccl. 7:28...why can't women be upright as well as men?
Tim and I bonked heads early this morning and my head still hurts. Should I be worried?
Today's agenda: finish statistics, shower, family time, kitties treatments, lazy time with the hubby
Today's agenda: Spanish Test, Gabriel's treatments, a bit of statistics, coloring in princess coloring book, watching hulu...
Following our president @barackobama and found out about www.whitehouse.gov
I think that if I don't get to studying I'm going to have a major cram session.
@moonfrye I would want to see my husband first thing...he is my best friend and the only person in this world I completely trust
Had to take my kitty to the vet today. He has feline acne. Had to have his chin shaved and he cried so loud. Made me want to cry too.
I think I got high from the bug spray while cleaning the carpet.
Having trouble getting carpet to dry...and still smells like bug spray
So test test 123
Hubby wants me to test out his twitter!
Perfect example... psalm 59:1-5
The bible says God will bring down my enemies, and the wicked. Praise him! YAY
Also been reading psalms for the last 2 weeks. Funny because there's a lot about enemies in there. My next door neighbor is my enemy.
If the neighbor and his gf are there for more than 7 days they will be evicted. I told you it would happen by the end of the month!
Neighbor living in apt that his brothers name is on the lease=illegal, probably has a criminal record. Apt manager going to check ids
Also thinking of getting a restraining order, but how does that work when their front door is 5 feet away from ours?
Tomorrow going to apt office to get neighbors evicted...he crossed the line when he threatened us and called me a bitch
Thinking about getting The Love Dare Book, my marriage is not in trouble...but it can always get better...I like doing things special forhim
What did you do on spring break? I knitted a scarf for my dog. Too bad it's hot outside.
Follow the real shaq
@aplusk I was expecting a bonus from my last job and didn't get it. Life went on. There are people without a job at all in our country.
I love knitting! It's so much fun and rewarding once you see it turn into something
@aplusk God rules my heart and Jesus is my Savior you won't convince me otherwise!!
Taught myself how to knit in 5 min...not very good at it but maybe it will take my mind of things...oh and Ashton and Demi...God Rules
Don't want to be a Debbie downer, but this greiving thing is too much to handle right now. I just want to be normal again.
I realize it was a holiday yesterday, but the festivities have ended. So let's celebrate your leaving!!! To mine enemies, beware!
To my unthoughtful neighbors...the cops were called by 2 different people on you...your days here are numbered
Had an awesome dinner with the hubby on his lunch break
I'm still sad...I had to force feed him and help him poop...much like I would care for a baby...now he's gone
Even more cheer came when I found out No Doubt will be in Dallas May 30th...I'm there!!!
Talking to a good friend helped to cheer me up...also some martini and rossi but shh that's on the down low
What do you do to cheer yourself up when you are down in the dumps?
&lt;--- depressed, a sugar glider that I hand raised died last night.
R.I.P. Chance, I will always love and miss you my channssy pants
I've become obsessed with Eureka...watching all episodes from the first season on www.hulu.com
Kitten ruined blinds....which means I got the curtains I've been wanting!!! YAY!!!!
@iamdiddy husband says kobe bryant
Just finished last assignment until the 27th. I can't tell you how much of a load off that is! Now over spring break I can get ahead.
If that's the case maybe we should slowly remove that system to help build back our economy...but I could be wrong...just thinking too much
After reading some stuff about the crash of 1929 and the great deperession, I'm wondering if maybe buying on credit led to those
I've just snapped a new picture: http://dailybooth.com/KissMeTeena/70501
"Speak softly but carry a big stick." Theodore Roosevelt    That's a wise man!
The morning doves are back this year! Hopefully they will nest in the tree by my apt. again. They are so pretty and make beautiful song!
I've just snapped a new picture: http://dailybooth.com/KissMeTeena/66645
This weather is not conducive to studying, but I guess its good for relieving the drought
And to the neighbors who party non stop...I'm making it my personal mission to have you evicted before the end of the month
I really like this Jane Addams chick! I want to read Twenty Years at Hull-House!! I think I kind of look like her even
I might be tempted to bash in your windows!
FYI neighbors...I'm studying! If your alarm goes off again and doesn't turn off quickly...
Finally done with that binomial probability crap...moving on to history
Crossing into the world of statistics..watched 21 last night and made statistics seem fun..but yeah right
I've just snapped a new picture: http://dailybooth.com/KissMeTeena/60167
@kadeclark that's true! But it's making me sleepy and I have 4 history chapters to read. No time to sleep
@kadeclark what are you talking about it's hot and dreary
Our papers had the same premise just not the same wording. So why is it that my grade was 10 points lower?
I had a 76 on a paper. The person who helped me through the paper made an 86. He's from Africa. WTF!
So pissed...I think my professor is judging my papers by either that I'm American or a female
I've just snapped a new picture: http://dailybooth.com/KissMeTeena/50546
Oh cool! Just found out my online classes have a special instant messaging program!!
I've just snapped a new picture: http://dailybooth.com/KissMeTeena/45999
@jillhanner I'm KissMeTeena, GlamTeenie or Christeena. I've been a fan for a long time. I live in Dallas. I'm a veggie lover, and a student.
@DatAintRight did you hear about the pictures they made of you last night on blogtv?
@DatAintRight I am...husband works nights
I've just snapped a new picture: http://dailybooth.com/KissMeTeena/42650
I've just snapped a new picture: http://dailybooth.com/KissMeTeena/40338
Loved the show @MissSarcastic
@projblogsphere hope to see you for DallasTube
http://dailybooth.com/KissMeTeena/38611 booo! statistics homework
again? http://dailybooth.com/KissMeTeena/35001
I think this is how you do it? Just signed up http://dailybooth.com/KissMeTeena
About to start studying and boring stuffs
Tweeting whether you see this or not muahhahahahaha
wondering does anyone see my tweets?
Lalalala
why doesn't twitter work for me? :(
If you are one of my followers can you please reply to this if you see it
Doing a test because my twitter hasn't bee working
I'm testing this out
Hahah
I got me some strep stuff in my throat...lots o fun
twitter twitter must hate me
I'm testing testing 123
is twitter done hating on me?
If you live around the DFW area and want to come tell me which day works best. I think it's going to be at Dave&Busters
Hey everyone, I'm planning on having my birthday party next Friday or Saturday!
@heynadine I know the feeling...I have a heavy course load this semester. Feels like all I do is study
I guess that's a mix of studying for statistics and watching medium
Had dreams of solving mathmatical problems to help save peoples lives
@kadeclark we got through all the bad stuff though!
@wfaaweather how long till it passes the airport in Irving
Yikes tornado watch I'm freaking...my biggest fear alongside of spiders is tornados
Will be dreaming about formulas of statistics tonight I think....I didn't know formulas could be so long yuck I hate math
Hey Elisha did it because someone called him bald...why can't I do it because someone is an arrogant idiot
Wishing I could curse someone like in the bible and they would fall down dead
Family night tonight...rockin the board games and stuff
@jillhanner Hey it's your Dallas fan! Can you re follow me?
Good morning! Ok well maybe its only morning to me...so good late morning I guess
Finding it difficult to write this outline for my government class aaahhhh
@MissSarcastic aww, I feel the same way, but remember that sometimes its out of our control to affect the mood of others
Welcome to twitter @naninebarnes and @kadeclark
@kadeclark
It might be too big...try resizing it
Making Nanine a twitter user!!! yay follow her @naninebarnes
I have a twitch in my pancreas...is that bad?
Just went out to see if it was snowing and fell all the way down my stairs because of ice....duh I forgot that with snow there is ice
@jillhanner I would love to go to your blogtv
Does anyone know anything about dog hallucinations...my dog has been freaking out I'm scared
@jillhanner how did you get your protien? I just ate some fish...shh don't tell peta
Merry Christmas EVE everyone!!! Love ya
I am currently broadcasting on blogTV.com - check out my show http://www.blogtv.com/People/glamteenie
Sitting at the gates of six flags which doesn't open for over an hour...who planned this?...oh yeah I did
@jillhanner why you sad? Do you need someone to talk to? I'm a great listener
@jillhanner if you come to TX I want to meet up with you this time
catching up on youtube videos...I'll get to spanish homework eventually
I think I gained 50lbs...and there's still Christmas to get through yikes
Happy Thanksgiving!!!!
loving www.pandora.com...also doing laundry and getting ready for turkey day
Going to the Museum with Preston
deciding I'm not even going to explain my actions from here on out...they're mine and thus I don't care what anyone thinks
tired from not going to bed till 9:30...but tim gets off work early at least
taking test today...hard to concentrate with everything going on right now
I regret to say I voted for Bush...I'm not going through that again
I'm not voting...and before you hate me...the reason is I'm making a vote by not voting...I can't stand either one
@xgobobeanx cheer up tomorrow brings a new day...sorry you feel like crying
Working at the church today, and it's @timmyboy234 first day on night shift.
not anything interesting today...reading history book and cleaning house
Going rock climbing with @timmyboy234 and Preston
earthquakes here in Tejas?!? what...well that explains why my apt was shaking all day yesterday..thought it was wind
Happy Birthday @xgobobeanx
I'm going to go crazy I'm a week behind on my Economics class...someone want to do my homework? any takers? no? oh well
@xgobobeanx I will be around if you go live on blogtv
trying to plan to plan
Working at the church today!!!
Spending the day with the hubby...I love him mucho much
Going to the zoo today...I love the monkeys!!!
Today Tim and I are going to decorate the rest of the outside of our apt...we are winning this contest!!!!!!!
It's so cold today...brrr
Today's to do list: 	1. Laundry	2. History Test	3. Figure out what to make for my etsy shop
Yay @xgobobeanx thank you for following me!!
@xgobobeanx please follow me...you're awesome
Let's get to making history...or rather studying it...then taking a multiple choice test over the material studied...HA!
Working in the clothing for the church today...I love it!!
It's finally Friday I needed an end to this horrible week!!!!
Serious studying happening today...I mean like super serious...oh and I had to turn on the heater for the first time
I think Tim was arrested and I'm freaking out...I've never spent a night without him...I don't know what to do!!!!
I need to study study study...2 tests on thursday
pray that I will get a good grade on this midterm for history...or if that's not your thing keep your fingers crossed
So funny seeing how the cat and the dog are befriending the kitten!! Amazing what can change in a day!
the animals are fighting...tensions are high because of the kitten...can't we all just get along
I love this kitten, his little blue eyes have me wrapped around his tiny little paws
I slept in a little late...ok a lot late...um today is a study day not much going on
one is working one on one with special needs kids and the other will be later on working with kids of divorced families
I was offered two positions helping out with kids @ church
wow its pouring outside
I dont want to clean !!!!
scratch that I meant IM
drinking out @ wilhoites...and tim thinks its cool to I'm me while at the same table
Planning on finishing BCIS studying and taking the test today...then a bit of late night spanish cramming and test for that too
needing to do school work but finding it hard to find inspiration
wishing I had a ukulele like community channel
@xgobobeanx http://twitpic.com/du4t - I live right by the airport. I know where this mall is. We should hang out before you go back. www ...
Spending the weekend with Tim at home. Let's see if I can get any school work done.
I took some Tylenol 3 because my throat was throbbing...I feel like I'm about to pass out
i miss my Timmy
I'm awake, but feeling so lazy today!!!
I'm so freakin sick!!! GRRR
Today Tim and I are going to take Preston to the park for a picnic! I'm going to make a couple pies...haha this should be interesting
doing homework...and being scared of spanish
Getting ready to go to brunch with Mark and Denise...my second family!!!
Checking email and the such
Watching Desperate Housewives on www.abc.com
http://www.youtube.com/GlamTeenie @xgobobeanx hope you like it!
laundry is a washin...