@pitchfork Ew.
@IlhanMN @ShawkatAlia If only Somalia had this much attention.
It’s a shame what gets people back to church and makes them think we weren’t noticing what they were busy doing while letting everyone think they were attending church the whole time.
@elonmusk 👏🏻👏🏻
my mother has talent https://t.co/JLF824Vbx3
Los Angeles
RT @EladRatson: Moments ago @TeamSpaceIL announced a successful #Beresheet 4 minute engine burn maneuver (19:29 GMT), pushing its elliptic…
@elonmusk https://t.co/CwrZnO9lL4
@theblcklst There are many universes and minds of sated movie goers in which @BlacKkKlansman was the best picture of 2018. Congrats to the Spike and the whole team for a truly best picture quality film. 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
I - for one - am very excited for these Oscars. Great films and lots of desired directions for the results to go.
@rosemcgowan 🙏🏼
@thecampaignbook Call me
RT @NASA: After much anticipation, Israel’s first Moon lander is ready to launch! We’ve provided @TeamSpaceIL w/ images of the Moon’s surfa…
@SolidGold80s Ah. 51. The Puerto Rico of birthdays.
@MrJoshCharles @ChrisEvans Maybe they’re big Kenny Lonergan fans?
@LeslyeHeadland I love you tell your wife I’m coming to steal you https://t.co/fNleD4mP6u
RT @elonrutberg: https://t.co/17tPZh2OuY
https://t.co/vG44a37RMk
@TheOnlyDJQualls I’ll speak to the internet and get back to you.
@iamRuthECarter YOU DID SUCH AN AMAZING JOB LAST YEAR RUTH
@elonmusk @EricIdle Always look on the bright side.
https://t.co/ohRdQ9TkfW
Los Angeles / 2017 https://t.co/9k3jjOKcpx
Only follow the accounts of people you reasonably assume are getting a lot done in between tweets.
being yourself may result in occasionally being alone, but there is no loneliness that can justify disposing even an ounce of the real you
another thing i was working on today https://t.co/Ymc7bLCAxy
to be an artist is to know it's your job to hold up the mirror - even when people are scared to look themselves in the eye
nobody has a right to reach into your chest with their judgement and tell you your heart is wrong ... but they are allowed to challenge you
be in the business of provoking people's underestimation of every single thing you are most beautifully capable of
is there a single word in some language for "kinda feel bad but not really"
the internet broadens our perception,   but shallows our awareness
consider what you can do with a camera and an instantaneous broadband connection
your phone is your most intimate relationship....apologies to the wife
it was very easy to ignore the complexity of the world when we didn't have live global feeds beaming into our pockets
we are finding it increasingly untenable to know that every person on this planet deserves a fair shot
the beauty of what we're finding is that people do care - and they care a lot
i want you to consider how difficult it was in the past to reach out to someone (who cares)
i want you to consider how difficult it was in the past to reach out to someone (to love)
i want you to consider how difficult it was in the past to reach out to someone (for help)
i want you to consider how difficult it was in the past to reach out to someone
i want you to consider the power of what is in your pocket
our ideas can shift at light speed - but it takes a very long time for our cultures to change
the internet is a very new thing ... we don't truly have culture around it yet
revised https://t.co/p1250vrGjE
You're stating your values whether you like it or not. So be in the business of doing so.
State your values. State your value.
Every note is serious when you're a player
know your power
There is no easy answer. There is no quick solution.
Your freedom means nothing if it is deprived to others elsewhere. It is a cherry on a sundae in a segregated soda fountain in 1950.
"We Cannot Consider Ourselves to be Free Unless Everyone Is Free"
If we do not actively build toward a tomorrow never considered possible, we will backslide to a past where fear was so constant, it was home
If someone tells you this is it, you tell them they are wrong - and show patience until they realize.
Today is merely raw clay upon which to build a better tomorrow - that then again, will be nothing but clay for the next...
"Most of my recent poetic tweets are actually about artificial intelligence. If you can't make it poetic, an idea's weight has no impact"
When I was up at MIT in December, I invited local kids for an impromptu discussion on culture and the future
Most people are well raised enough to know that we each must own the hurt we put out into the world - even if we didn't intend it.
There is always a lot to say, but as we've learned with the internet over and over again - a full plate does not make your mouth any larger
Do not tremble in the corner of the cage when the door swings lithely before you...
We carry almost every answer now in our pockets - yet still cower at the supposed supremacy of others.
We ask for the sky, yet scream at the light for blinding us.
We are hypnotized by artifice upon artifice, yet yearn for the truth.
And - take my word for it - most people who shit on dreams are only doing so because theirs got shat on by someone else.
Expressing one's self ... the joy of connection and creativity ... is merely the furthest frontier of a very long and desperate march
Dreaming is inclusive of yearning ... and there are no people on this planet that did not once yearn to be free, or yearn for a better life
You'd be surprised the number of people who frown at the notion of "pursuing one's dreams" as pure folly
i do many things - always wish to do more - and i have tried a lot of things in the past, if only to know I needn't pursue them further
Chuck Berry's real name was Chuck Berry. Never change your name. Change the world around you with the beautiful things you do. #RIP
I wrote this as part of a planning document for something very special to me about five years ago. https://t.co/iXcW86gQb1
Take care of yourself. Help people help themselves.
god forgive those who try to kill your hope
Waris https://t.co/AdGN2Mpotn
dialogues: https://t.co/GZQbnpcyX5
Our lives are no more benevolent than the support we receive from our friends.
Once we answer those questions - and they are very difficult ones to answer - is really when holistic &amp; sustainable solutions will emerge
We have to ask ourselves: WHY is it that our economic pressure systems allow these behaviors and biases to persist?
Human economies are pressure systems...if we want to change them, we have to observe the fluid dynamics and find where to ease the pressure.
Our economy is created through the collision of numbers and emotion...
You can get into the pits of debating the "waves" of feminism...but to be a feminist is to fundamentally believe in the equality of everyone
I was raised such a feminist that the notion of treating any person anything else than a person - first and foremost - is just foreign to me
I really should be in paris
Pave paradise and put up a parking lot
"Saturday Night" / Stephen Sondheim &amp; Julius and Philip Epstein https://t.co/GNVFTRFfAR
variations n responses https://t.co/xK3TGv23OH
what good is understanding data if you don't understand people
get famous on your own terms
People don't understand, Warhol.
People: don't understand Warhol.
People don't understand Warhol.
. @MetroBoomin wants some more. Shouldn't we all?
mood https://t.co/Uf0oysMwie
This isn't my post and it doesn't matter. Anyone who shares it should share it as if it were theirs.
https://t.co/iGKy6opm3Z
I love having Jewish conversations with my Christian friends.
Going to do a dialogue on AI and Culture some time this week. The park in front of Cafe Select seems appropriate. More info soon.
We were never supposed to be afraid of the internet.
White. A blank page or canvas. The purpose? To bring order to the whole. https://t.co/MUvCFsRCIS
Remember him? https://t.co/JhBrEafFCL
Actively seeking authority on something is the quickest way to never have it.
https://t.co/qh22WEe1hR https://t.co/aBaNVMbOse
The internet was way better when there were no grownups on it.
You have to find a way for your exuberance to fly. To burst forth from you and encircle the stars. Or else, it is some small form of death.
If the distance your true heart and passion travels exceeds any other concern - hustle, desire, fame, success - let your exuberance fly.
And I say "genuinely" very genuinely. You need to weed out superficiality and selfishness before you decide to go very hard for something.
But here's the question - what matters more? What you genuinely care about - or the wall that stands in your way of getting it?
I don't think there's a single thing of value I've ever gotten without sticking my head somewhere where it didn't "belong"
You don't get humble Jesus without table flipping Jesus.
One of the worst things about the present political situation is that it has thrown a massive, suspicious eye on extreme behavior in general
Santa Fe https://t.co/Vicsn8d6St
If only everyone treated their lovers like catch and return fishermen / instructions: gently remove hook and place back into water
Never be afraid of taking the conversation to a dark place. Those afraid of the darkness are more likely afraid of themselves.
Collective memory can be a powerful thing. Collective trauma, even more so.
Rule number one - never be afraid of the camera https://t.co/6Z8HXJiw9G
People often fail to realize that the person they're mad at for making them feel small is rarely the person who made them feel small.
Your greatest enemy is your perception.
If man cannot admit his natural preference for all things shiny, we will never be able to confront the solving of real, ugly problems.
Your principles exist beyond the boundaries of your perception. It is only in the inconvenient moments that they truly matter at all.
This world would be a much better place if people were in the business of identifying the good eggs more quickly
Exploring the meaning of life with internet friends https://t.co/H8kUserdQb
If you are capable of flipping tables, yet have no interest in turning cheek, please don't talk to me about Jesus.
There is nothing worse than sitting next to loud people who are experts at the next five minutes and nothing further.
Where does the price of a beat go if everybody can make one?
how i describe america https://t.co/6C1qovQcJw
how to describe a story https://t.co/WIB6g4Vaow
The story of you is the greatest story ever told.
Your job is to probe the depths behind the surfaces that hypnotize you, as much as it is your job to stay away from clearly shallow things
Something shallow can often be more dangerous than something superficial.
When Jean Paul Sartre is the most salient voice regarding life in the age of the internet, you know we have a problem.
There is a big difference between the person who always thinks they're right, and the person who always tries to figure out what "right" is.
Arrogance is not some kind of over confidence....it is a form of blindness.
My friend deactivated his instagram account. Is this how you feel right now, too? https://t.co/lL52GUyYQc
Open eyes ... open hearts ... open minds ...
Our human connection is our only connection ... do not disrespect it with blind shouting and clenched eyes and fists.
An open heart alongside an open mind is the only way the world truly changes.
We have the sharpest tool...so let's make the incision with care and precision.
The digital world has opened up a "human window" that benevolent ones have longed to keep open, just as much as tyrants longed to force shut
So let's approach our problems and conflicts with the intimacy, clarity, and speed our digital devices now allow.
We are all children of G-d and are all born innocent. True change cannot happen at the expense of any one individual's dignity.
Wherever you have a problem, merely show up and make your presence known.
Don't overreact, just react.
"I would never get in the way of my kids' dreams" is a relatively recent thing for the average parent to be in the business of saying.
Ain't no party like a VR kids party (@sundanceorg) https://t.co/KpXjZhQZDq
Bring light to people. If they do not know, it's because they cannot see.
Keep your head up and your heart open. We need your good energy for the good work ahead.
Words have power, so save yours for the things that count.
We also need to honor the truths - statistical, demographic, personal - of those who did make it to the top and why.
That past is over and we very explicitly need to be in the business of making up for an abundance of lost time and silenced dreams.
The forces that shaped that past and the stories we tell about it are entirely bound up in how limited our means of communication were.
For every one success story in Hollywood or on Broadway as far back as they have existed, there are a million voiceless unfulfilled dreams.
As we all know, perception and data can often tell quite different stories - and it is any artist's obligation to reconcile the two.
The higher the platform, the higher responsibility...especially in a world where people can do the googling themselves.
...we are all a part of one on-going conversation - of which we are all a party to, and therefore have responsibility as well
Every child born to this earth has dreams they wish to manifest into reality - we are all artists - very much so - in that sense.
...in a world that - prior to the bounty that is the internet - redeemed essentially no one (statistically speaking)
My entire life has been spent in the company of passionate, committed artists yearning to express their voice...
The future is in nobody's hands but yourself...and everyone who you are connected to...which is, um, everybody.
What America needs is an Uncle Ben from Spider-Man, constantly whispering in our stubborn ears "With great power comes great responsibility"
@DanielKirt America inherited the mantle of freedom in this world after WWII and still hasn't fully grappled w/ that responsibility
It's a problem for America when our 14-year olds understand the internet better than our government officials do.
“Youth and beauty are not accomplishments.” -Carrie "realest g ever" Fisher
I think everyone but me is dreading January 1, 2017
If you are the desert	I'll be the sea		If you ever hunger 	Hunger for me		Whatever you ask for	That's what i'll be		#RIPGeorge
The irony of knowing other people is that is has far more to do with knowing yourself
Great talk yesterday on culture, technology, cognitive bias, and "fairness". Many thanks to @Joi &amp; @medialab for the conference room 👍🏼 https://t.co/Yjr8qi0Dws
Cambridge/Boston kids: I will be @ the MIT campus tomorrow - reply here if you would like to join in a discussion on creative process &amp; path
The truth is nothing more than every little flicker of feeling inside of you.
Even if the person on the street you ask for directions has to google the spot, it's always better than just googling it yourself
follow and unfollow people at your leisure / there are some great movies you never want to see a second time
If we responded to complacency in the same way we respond to peanut allergies on airplanes, the world would get fixed in 15 days.
Human beings are the only species we know of that uses intimacy as a doorway to greater intimacy.
@joaco_mrt @toocloud no comparing past challenges to what's ahead of us. There is no precedent to  the disruption, or sustainable good
wikipedia is my tumblr bro
Some evil may be loud, but others are more than happy to settle and hide amongst the color and light.
The absence thereof can leave a vacuum capable of welcoming in evils more profound and insidious than you ever imagined.
And so - we are obliged to infuse our beautiful things with at least the faintest grain of truth.
Our eyes and ears are easily satisfied and easily distracted.
Nothing stable nor beautiful can come to pass in a world dominated by chaos and fear.
"Far Away" is the only play I ever fell in love with merely because of the font.
When I was at NYU, I discovered this play while roaming the old academic bookstore in the basement of some old building on Waverly Place. https://t.co/yiGKQggkjO
Caryl Churchill is the only person on earth who can take fashion design, fascism, Thomas Hobbes, and animal warfare and say "here's a play!"
Where is Caryl Churchill when you need her?
Do you think Ed Harris reading bedtime stories to his kids instilled great gravitas or a lifetime of terror?
I think I'm watching @WestworldHBO as intended: read pilot, hang with show creators, ignore series, read recaps, watch finale, start ep. 1
pendulums and stacked books // that's no way to live
it includes knowing an extreme response isn't really a response at the end of the day
just because we can't see what's in our blind spot, doesn't mean what's there doesn't exist
God bless those people who don't understand the power they truly have to change absolutely everything.
People may have come for the vibes, but that is not why they stayed.
Everybody turn your read receipts off what is wrong with you
To understand the words of wise men who saw the future coming, and took action: https://t.co/2cxq4bfVKg–Szilárd_letter https://t.co/lfKiUlIz3I
"Basel" / words by me / 2014 https://t.co/Wx3Dd2GNKb
The moment we realize we have no more ownership over our ideas than the love we put into them is the moment the world changes forever.
The era of knowledge retention as a social necessity is over.
There are an abundance of reasons for this - but outside of the sciences, the delay in impact is a byproduct of a bygone era.
Academia contains the most refined truths and observations, but is insulated from those truths having immediate impact.
if all animals are god's creatures, why do most people spend their time only trying to save the ones with the pretty colors?
this: https://t.co/uuYARPD37O
to be frank https://t.co/VFiRHVxfXr
you gotta start somewhere
Mood. https://t.co/qJ5zYKiSe5
It's odd being the child of two artists who both came from working class backgrounds
Shout out to dropbox folders that were taking up 100gb of your hard drive and you had absolutely no idea.
We don't live in an orthodox world. We live in a world of colliding opinions and narratives.
it's remarkable how big and small your world can be at any given moment
If there is only one way to say yes in a situation, then there is no yes.
Joan Dubov / Temptress / 1982 https://t.co/9CSFMN8ykx
Joan Dubov / Eve / 1993 https://t.co/9Bpo7x0F1p
Joan Dubov / Kneeling Mother and Child / 1981 https://t.co/LQYbl9eoRh
My mother is literally the most talented person I've ever met.
My mother taught me everything I know about what it means to be an artist.
"Never get too comfortable," -@justdon
The wiser sages keep things brief
A modern religious narrative will always employ tools related to liminality - i.e. the chapters of people's lives, and how they transition
It's fascinating to consider religious narratives. Especially modern ones.
Beyond the suspension of disbelief is the erasure of doubt.
I would venture the purer story is the one that closes all gaps for the listener.
So what is the purer story? The one told by New Guinean tribes people to their children, or the 830pm primetime slot on NBC?
Our adaptability and neuroplasticity are as well, but those are survival traits. Most people on this planet never leave their home town.
The foundations of everything we are, know, and understand is rooted in the human biology groomed by the savanas of Africa
There is a holistic human foundation for how we tell and receive stories.
Oddly enough, human life has gone from being entirely fragmented, to hyper-unified in particular moments, to our modern amalgam of both.
That means that everyone sighed / shot curious looks at their couch mates / talked by the water cooler the next day / at the same time
Not saying the era was better, but what did it mean to have half of America watch one TV episode at the exact same time?
leaving the past behind always inherently means losing something in translation
it's difficult to reconcile the transition from a fundamentally analog society to a digital one
one movie could come out and catalyze an entire social movement / even rewrite history
i miss the movies that laid out for you a version of the world you had never ever considered
i miss the movies that left you feeling your life had changed the moment you left the theater
that is what has made the world we see today - a world once made of dust
we have the ability to connect the patterns we innately see to the greater world we wish to manifest before our eyes
the human mind seeks patterns and patterns alone
Some thoughts today on the intersection of beneficence, physics, greater questions of the universe, and the state of modern cinema.
Know people who know God
theory is born from leisure / creativity from chaos
all theorists need to realize that theory practically means nothing to most people producing cultural content in this country
I love my friends
Every day is the first day of the rest of your life, but some are ACTUALLY the first day of the rest of your life.
I wear my ear buds with the sound off
I appreciate all the long explanations, but issues involving accelerating tech affect us all, and we fail if we cannot explain them plainly.
I'm working on a project that will distill each of the most pertinent Artificial Intelligence issues in under 3-4 minutes each.
"We're not ready for Super Intelligence" good article by @motherboard @xriskology https://t.co/KXAogFy3eQ
keep on posting so long as the conversation's good https://t.co/lHBV3MpVNI
more to come https://t.co/mNugFIHFCf
these are the conversations I have https://t.co/np66sF6Gge
teach your children simplicity
This Bon Iver album / on a sunny day / 😩
Everyone struggles - struggle is inherent to the human condition - but there is a profound difference between wall and courtyard people.
Growing up on the castle wall means you never truly know safety. The fear lives on in your bones.
Life on the castle wall forces you to keep one eye on the wilderness outside at all times.
Life in the castle courtyard is firm, safe, secure, and grooms you to afford the leisure to focus lithely on fickle things.
Explained to friends the difference between being growing up in the castle courtyard instead of the castle wall
Reading material: Carl Jung, Thomas Hobbes
there is one huge huge project I'm working on that I just have to get off my chest so I can move on as a human being and feel complete
all of human life can be boiled down to seeking warmth, calories, or comfort
"This city is built on confirmation bias" -my new friend discussing San Francisco
Pretty sure everyone is looking for poetry and a through line
shout out to high school required reading lists
narrative does not imply presence of dialogue, plot or character - merely beginning, middle, and end
there is a story in everything
"multi-disciplinary work with an emphasis on syncretic creative synthesis, meta-narrative storytelling, and innovation" can be a bit much.
the easiest way to articulate what I do is "narrative design"
lol and fun footnote - Dante's favorite poet Virgil shows up to lead him to salvation https://t.co/KTO9KE1efJ
The beast that blocks the path to salvation https://t.co/0AGTkRuFn2
Inferno, opening canto: https://t.co/yyBmpzh3xb
All love to king alejandro, but "Holy Mountain" was never discussed re: Yeezus tour narrative.
s/o to everyone putting snap filters on the candidates
my feelings on the debate https://t.co/waiQxEKnVb
The irony of saying things well is that it likely comes from a lifetime of feeling like nobody listens to you
some people's mothers got cancer / some people's mothers are cancers / and some don't have mothers at all
grace slick was like 45 when this song came out. please tell me any 45-year olds that can get kids to dance https://t.co/qtpUuGp1YB
the fact that "we built this city" isn't a rock song doesn't really bother me
It only benefits a person to peer over the edge if the lessons learned compel them to turn around and walk back from whence they came
my God is a God of chord changes
Keep Your Name / @DirtyProjectors / directed by @DavidLongstreth &amp; myself https://t.co/OcvxWBJPjm
no knock to corporations / just that things change when it's in the interest of thousands that your ideas succeed over the ideas of others
the assignation of ownership of an idea when one has the support of a major corporation is specious at best
ain't need nobody is a double negative
people keep on asking me what i do for a living https://t.co/mn1QyB0KDU
art is little more than a conspiracy amongst interior decorators
Patience is a weird thing.
. @jerrysaltz the new uncanny https://t.co/evJR420xUZ
Dave Longstreth is my spirit animal
Starship is under appreciated as an act of survival.
Elton John chord changes
It's fun when a song can be a home for you.
It helps to spend some time pretending that the world isn't really real.
Coolness may be the balloon and the string, but it's not the ground.
Coolness is a surprisingly important thing in life, but it is not everything.
my style queen https://t.co/JTlmJyZWGU
nyc / night 1 https://t.co/hkrU7EPczA
Please stop wishing that you lived in an earlier era. The past effectively sucked worse for pretty much everyone.
This is Eli. He directed the Fade video and did a rl good job https://t.co/Dwpbxbf6mg
Lena repped me, Mike Dean, Noah Goldstein, Travis Scott, Mano, Anthony Kilhoffer, and so many more. She was family.
"You live behind the scenes and still be a superstar..." RIP Lena 🙏🏼👼🏼🙏🏼 @LittleOwlMusic
Absolutely in shock at the sudden death of my lawyer and friend Lena @LittleOwlMusic - RIP - such a sweet soul I am devastated
It's weird coming to the realization that you eventually have to live your beliefs.
@google @WIRED @FastCompany good news when it comes to privacy, bad bad news when it comes to censorship
@elizabethamber @jsonc_ @google @WIRED @FastCompany in regular search, change date to "past hour, click on images https://t.co/v2RBaBzNm7
let it be noted that @google has now initiated full shut down mode when illicit leaks happen (@WIRED @FastCompany) https://t.co/vxTjF4jYqL
Allen Ruppersberg, 1991 https://t.co/uA8KfepFND
spending a morning with the gods https://t.co/ADQ0q9oRDY
@RAREGEMSNTHINGS "one can only truly hold something with an open palm"
No shade @Supreme_NYC but @heronpreston did it better https://t.co/t2KDPfPT4q
I'm working through it. Not stopping till I get there.
Art exists for when you can't make sense of things.
Some people are only in scrap books and faded photographs.
My grandpa died before the internet really took off, so he's nowhere there.
I'm one stoned conversation away from figuring it all out
i have more songs coming out this year with words by me. i look forward.
Can I purchase a private greek island?
This LA sky is about to change up everyone's fall lookbook https://t.co/eXXCnLYU1k
Has the singularity arrived in the form of Pokemon Go? Are we all now in the same room?
The NY Times on the need for serious futurists: https://t.co/IpHTHHBgVu
Wealthy, entitled opinions from faux-thinkers who couldn't manage to include a single black lead in a show about a city that is 33% black
Want to know what makes me feel sad, unsafe, and worried?
Big rule of life: only aim for greatest quality in highest concentration. Concern yourself with nothing less.
She asked me yesterday if I'm ready to let machines do the driving.
lolololol @virgilabloh https://t.co/RdEbvhEely
So... https://t.co/yBpRoW3b2g
Pollock... https://t.co/P7RI9hf9GS
What if... https://t.co/77wjtBFVsa
Hi Merce https://t.co/HLY9TixUOY
death or disappearance are only good motivators when held at a distance
serenity https://t.co/wSnTFBRz6N
More https://t.co/2DaKkGVD8d
know how to ask the right questions https://t.co/rp4oLF3WKy
How I motivate my friends when they're feeling down https://t.co/hCA0yAhjDe
You can already start to feel the world forgetting about Orlando. They want to so badly.
Everyone today imagining a 45 year old Tupac like 🤔
some people work for a living / some people work for fun / girl I just work for you
You keep on trying to refill the water when all I want is the ice.
Do not let their stories die because their narratives have not been historically convenient.
I'm excited for when the machines take over. They're going to spending most of their time screaming "no, monkey, no"
Delete search history
I just need to clear my mind now
We just got zombie chased by 500 kids driving full speed in a suburban
Give the people who never believed in you courtesy and nothing more.
Calabasas is now more famous than Beverly Hills and somehow there is still only one good restaurant.
When I grew up in Calabasas it wasn't cool.
being a bundle of contradictions isn't so bad
you only become good at saying when you're terrible at quoting
forever doesn’t need an answer quickly
Make your cell phone your garden of Eden. It's already your window to eternity, just depends how you use it.
my advice: take everything personally
all the wrong places... https://t.co/azM0QmbSdg
so many people in this world
it doesn't matter if your story is long, there is someone out there who will listen to it
Any apps out there that understand what you're going through?
is there an app that wants to know you more deeply than anyone else does?
is there an app to assure you that you are making the right decisions?
is there an app that can reassure your connection to the infinite when you are feeling lost and alone?
is there an app yet to help you feel normal sized in a world that wants you to feel minuscule?
is there an app yet to cure existential despair?
is there an app for difficult decisions?
is there an app for co-dependency?
is there an app for anxiety?
is there an app for heartbreak?
Dana / Nice hurr https://t.co/ESDsF03lmN
@artwerk6666 Allan is the patron saint of modern American performance art. We will hang his face on the wall like Catholics venerate saints.
. @artwerk6666 wanna be in a fake public relationship with me for the sake of furthering our individual careers?
Shake Shack doesn't compete with In N Out ... it's not even close
. @MrHudson with the hitsssss https://t.co/TcWHLDCT8s
could have sworn she was there https://t.co/6pyrkUEVVn
What I think people don't realize is that they were doing a pretty damn good job of presenting a broad, diverse series of topics
Facebook is now messing with their news algorithm and likely skewing them to be user generated only - so my feed is now all celeb stories
I love my New York friends
@jLLOSAS the Vive one of the most profoundly transporting things I have ever experienced.
aka sometimes less is just less. Remove content scarcity, the value just goes away and never comes back.
8. Be concerned about the reductive effects of the digital landscape on human consumption.
7. Don't write off Big Hollywood when it comes to changes in media. Yeah they're dinosaurs, but they also have the most to lose.
It is impossible to immerse oneself into intersectional digital landscapes and preserve one's willful ignorance of human suffering.
6. The only way VR can be the future of home entertainment is if there is a sincerely religious revolution in terms of consumption.
5. Is there truly a such thing as a shared experience anymore?
4. How much (if anything) will gatekeepers mean in the future? The Met Gala has kept up, the Oscars, not so much...
3. Innovation is a dangerous theme to pursue in film. By the time it gets to production, there's a good chance it will be irrevocably stale.
2. Doubtful what long form storytelling means to young people. Youtube and Minecraft (yes, Minecraft) are the home of people under 12.
1. Sad that there's really no such thing as a small film anymore. There are medium films, big films, and gigantic films...that's it.
Here are some thoughts from the last few weeks of meetings:
People consistently underestimate the difference between analog and digital culture.
And by "singularity", I most specifically mean a point of no return which many people cannot see beyond.
If we use concepts of singularity" as metaphor, let's entertain the notion that a series of cultural singularities have started to emerge.
I never thought I'd witness a massive paradigm shift in culture...let alone worry about what side I'm on.
What the world does to you and what you do to others are trains that run closely on separate tracks.
TMI, I know - and not even advertising this for them. It's more just a question of being honest and honorable.
I just did and holy shit was I a jerk to someone I care a lot about.
If anyone ever accuses you of being a jerk, read back over at least year of text messages before responding.
They ask you to put your phones away during the pre-movie ads. No England, sorry.
I can already tell it's going to be weird watching "Captain America" in London.
People ask me if I'm crazy, then I remind them of the time I was on 16 flights in 29 days.
If anyone is confused on my philosophical stance on the responsibilities of producing popular art, read Caryl Churchill's "Far Away"
I spent five years of my professional life working on plays and musicals, yet pretty much left it heartbroken.
I miss being in love with the theater
Highlight of the day: having to explain to someone not born in the USA what blackface was 😶
when doves cry was on my mind all day, i didn't have to turn the radio on
i think that's all i have to say about it...prince has been on the playlist since the weekend
that was 1987 and on a pop album....reagan was in office. nobody talked about hard drug addiction in the top 40.
"In September, my cousin tried reefer for the very first time	Now he's doing horse - it's June"
also also there's a line in "sign o the times" that has always broken my heart:
beyond that - i just seriously think "I wanna be your lover" and "when doves cry" are just like fucking endlessly brilliant songs
and this is in the 80s, when there was no internet, there was no popular counterculture
he understood what everyone's comfort zone was, and then gently coaxed them out of it
prince shredded at the top of "when doves cry" so bros could be cool with the song
prince made you believe that your romance could be the most important, the most tragic, the most sincere...
prince's music was filled with pathos, tragedy, drama, heart, sensitivity
and i don't say that in a facetious way...
he convinced an entire generation that - regardless of how sexy you've been led to believe - you...as in ANYBODY...can be a fucking sex god
not only did he convince an entire generation of teens that a 5'2", falsetto singing, high heel wearing minnesotan could be a sex symbol
and i think growing up and realizing that you're going to have to (ahem) sing for your supper, something more profound happened within him
like three inches taller than danny devito tiny
also - no way around it - dude was tiny
never forget this was at the same time that Michael was battling to get his videos onto MTV
and this was at a time when the lines were drawn very firmly between the genres
prince happily mixed metal, r&amp;b, soul, rock, disco, glam, and whatever fucking else he wanted to - without apology
i get the feeling that - at least as a musician - prince was raised as a liberated person
It's also - as I understand - a northern city with a pretty strong and long record of integration - not only in community but also music
i talk to my friends who have lived there, and that's the prevailing sentiment - you don't need anyone else's love, Minneapolis is enough
here was a guy who grew up in a town that needs no qualifications from the rest of the country: Minneapolis
for what it's worth in a sea of comments and criticism, here are my thoughts on what made prince important:
i also think it shielded him from the rot of old videos and looks - which - while were cool at the time, didn't necessarily age well
the thing about prince and his withholding of his content online is that it super helped build up his myth
raspberry beret: https://t.co/1yB8MIK1WP
purple rain: https://t.co/evnmjBqN9L
batdance: https://t.co/4IBDFzLQMq
kiss: https://t.co/wKjuFMaP4v
when doves cry: https://t.co/9DN8Hq0QqZ
little red corvette: https://t.co/hzanvIQHpn
I'm looking up the random russian video sites where you can watch prince music videos
Passover threats 😎 https://t.co/r293Qi5I8J
"Until all of us are free....none of us are free."
A few key sentiments core to each Passover I have ever celebrated...that are core to my own sense of being:
Happy Passover for all those that apply.
Beware people that have no sense of their own destiny.
I do not mourn his passing, but thank the infinite for sharing him with us
Prince lived beyond his, and all our lifetimes, when he walked this earth
I'm at Coachella now. So. Many. Tassels.
https://t.co/M0tum36XiY
And as great as the internet is, its hostility equals its potentiality - don't you agree?
i look forward to the rise of bio-religionists, so we can talk about faith in a way that doesn't creep out half of the population
what makes us human is our ability to assess value and grant meaning
i'm not a christian, but i think John 1:1 says basically everything about everything
any experience that deprives you of your dignity is not worthwhile
i love nightclubs as intersectional spaces, but I'd never wait outside of one longer than 5 minutes
i also realized recently that I went to a high school that did not have a top-down popularity hierarchy - which apparently is rare
my dad was raised in a very poor country, so i'm unsure if I will ever be comfortable with conspicuous consumption
to everything, turn turn turn
they finally crushed a hydraulic press with a hydraulic press
so much to read and I haven't even hit reddit yet
https://t.co/x6ImevEixy
I love hanging out with my NY friends in LA....they so over-dressed
friday https://t.co/R5iqsqzpSY
(*um, no)
I really like people who think their creative talent qualifies their political opinion*
"likeability is a smokescreen"
Only 11am, and already have my favorite quote of the day:
Batman v Superman wasn't terrible
https://t.co/erBB6dx9Xx
This is literally everything: https://t.co/muUfcpclP0
People's lives may be better because the world is smaller, but I'm not sure life is better because of it.
I just misspelled "amirite" as "amitrite" and life is so much better rt now
I loved re-boot when i was younger: https://t.co/uGRTF3b9DU
RIP George Martin #legend
god bless america https://t.co/pu4Q4dYa1P
The moment when you claim to know what's best for other people is the moment you've truly failed.
hot stuff https://t.co/MKXxvlkR2C
That's actually the only way change can truly happen. Otherwise, all you have is "marketability" ... and that's a nefarious, murky world.
People need to put their wallets where their outrage is.
Pretty sure C-3PO just made a gay joke.
And that doesn't mean you can't still be loud ;)
The people I've learned from the most live their truth silently.
If you lose followers whilst tweeting, you know you're doing something right.
Don't care about people's convenient opinions. Care about the risks they've taken.
Always looking for talented and versatile film, video, interactive, and installation producers and EPs. Reach out at ideas@elonrutberg.com
In the future, the truth of one's motives will be the greatest judge of one's work.
The problem with a good idea is you're never the only one who has one.
Authenticity is a thing.
Authenticity means something.
Congrats to my girl Tyg - u r killing itttt: https://t.co/dYMQfXkx1W
👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼  riannnnnnnnnnn! @rianjohnson https://t.co/cwUqhdCEJK
First time I was at Studio 8H in 30 Rock was as a cater waiter.
It's all awesome. Sonic paintings.
Art used to heavily be the domain of the wounded soul. I don't know what to do with all these well-adjusted-people.
Waris is still in Mexico City. I believe he is still waiting for an apology and a change of policy. https://t.co/EWEYU2f1im
The streets are yours
430am cab rides are what New York is all about
"the trap life chose me" https://t.co/4tSsXbCJjF
Ok, we have now reached full blown, worldwide lack-of-priorities https://t.co/9G9DnfJAx0
The Internet can make it seem like history is not a real thing. Don't give in.
Outside of my immediate family on my mom's side up to my grandparents, and my father's family in Israel, we have no one. They are all gone.
It is Holocaust Remembrance Day. Never Forget.
I can't believe I'm listening to a Neil Degrasse Tyson diss track right now
But that means everyone making $35,000-$75,000 a year....we're not talking million dollar paychecks.
I'm sure there's an ecosystem where thousands more can make a living making content...self-generated, self-produced content.
I have faith in the future of social media empowered content...but that also means some harder truths: no more big paydays.
How do you address these questions of fairness amicably?
We live in a society where essentially everyone wants to be a creative.
What concerns me is people don't realize wielding culture has always been an act of war in America.
And I'm an empirical dude...i want thorough solutions.
I'm just living life in search of satisfying social constructs.
It makes me feel like a crazy person, but every conversation I have each day just lets me know I'm not alone.
I don't understand why we have the tools and the technology and we don't ask the deep questions. I really don't.
How can we fairly address the wounds of all that time when we did not know better ... nor could do better even if we wanted to?
It's difficult, because as easy as it may now be to trace ourselves back to the beginning...all of us brothers and sisters.
And stop the theft of language and culture that has been happening - purposefully or by default - the entire time
This is the first moment we have the means to understand these terrible instincts ... instincts that we have never had the means to regulate
The list goes on and on.
They spoke a Celtic language...which was then wiped out by a Germanic language...which was then colonized by a Romance language.
Nobody spoke "English" in England 2,500 years ago.
The Bantu Expansion - https://t.co/BOWVpBwt6o - signaled the end of the prev. languages in these regions, as herding culture moved south
The majority of languages in Central and Southern Africa are called Bantu - a language group that originated in Western Africa
And that France used to have over 20 languages spoken daily, until post-Revolutionary authorities set out on a program to eradicate them.
I remember how shocked I was to learn that at one time, French wasn't even the majority language in France: https://t.co/vQRcNwt8n0
I say this, because a broader reading of history only points to one larger point: we have been doing this to each other the entire time.
There is no corner of this globe that has been spared the wrath of these deep, dark human instincts
To murder, conquer, ethnically cleanse, and genocide is - unfortunately - a universal human impulse.
And it's only when you delve into the specifics that the greater truths emerge...
Specifically in a way that prevents us from having a more nuanced approach...one that can afford more sympathy and human connection
But because the dialogue automatically leans toward the emotional - specifically the outrage - and not the intellectual discourse...
Not because insane historical wrongs are being corrected as quickly as we can get to them...
As well-intentioned as it may be, the hyper-reactionism enabled by the internet troubles me more and more every day.
@BVincentChick ultimately, yes - it's unavoidable + we are incapable of enforcing noble values without human prejudice getting in the way
Should A.I. be used to dispense fairness - beyond what well-intentioned human beings are capable of?
This Zika/Brazil story is slowly turning into the opening scene of "I Am Legend" https://t.co/YdV1R0vnGG
English is nobody's first language.
I can't help but find the altruism of the digital age funny, given that we've been using culture as an instrument of war the whole damn time
@whoisluka @artwerk6666 same debate but let's do it in a pool filled w mud amirite, also ally fuk any dude dumb enuf to let u go
Perpetual unsatisfaction is great for success and terrible for happiness.
I'm taking on interns in the following departments: social media, technology, science research (with an emphasis on physics), image research
lol that was fun...coming down now...more media studies courses to come, i'm sure...
If anything, this internet age is forcing us to be nice, despite our best intentions to be the shitty people we - apparently - long to be.
@kacyhill incl. food, lollipops, puppies, trees?
Here's to honoring great storytelling. Respecting literature. Imagery. Genre. Emotion. Truth.
Man. RIP Glenn Frey. Was breaking down how "Hotel California" works so beautifully just this morning.
The oddness of Facebook excavating memories you don't want to see: https://t.co/0IhXtOula3
I wonder if Bowie and Rickman dying in the same week will do more for cancer research than the faceless thousands we've already lost in 2016
Lol now St. Louis knows the pain of losing two football teams.
Live, BBC sessions, 1970: https://t.co/7EUpTqKUTb
Crazy to think Bowie started out as a Sci-Fi rocker. You could do that in the 60s and still be cool.
My favorite song growing up: https://t.co/dTZE9BSHTO
Serious Moonlight https://t.co/Iony6wTenz
devastating evening
Blessings from the elliptical.
2016 is gonna be about filling in the cracks. No stone unturned.
Man, I hate getting fomo after a productive day.
went up in the hills w @AlealiMay https://t.co/GBKvRCqFji https://t.co/BIMCuH655x
HAPPY NEW YEAR https://t.co/3B4QAbEuOU
Fact: If you wanna get into lifestyle, you gotta live it.
The key to creativity: feel proud of yourself for a second, then move the fuck on
iMessages from the savior on Christmas https://t.co/FXTSyB0EoX
Have a great Christmas. So many things to be grateful for, and so many awesome things to come next year...
Interests are: style, friendship, futurism. What's yours?
Prayers for King Louie's quick recovery.
Spaghetti Boys 2020
welcoming the end of primate hierarchy. so tiring.
I love infusing the Monroe Doctrine into everyday conversation.
The surreality of actually having attended Calabasas High School never escapes me. #fullcircle
Oh wait. There is. A person who thinks they're funny and desperately isn't.
Wow. There is nothing worse than a humorless person.
Shaq @ The Game Awards https://t.co/TPPZ9Fc58z
"death to the demoness Allegra Geller"
alienware
I'm at the Game Awards and it feels like eXistenZ
relentless tool makers, those primates
we've been afforded a small gentle space between our thoughts and our instincts
we have to come up with the solutions ourselves
not really our fault's, more evolution's ... but still
there are plenty of species that live their lives with minimal drama, but not us...
heroism is hard wired into our sense of survival
Access to experience is the new currency.
Good job guys.
This is the first year that Basel people seem to be writing home about the art and not the parties.
All hail the church of shift+command+4
The screenshot alone will usher in an era of new human civilization.
When the time comes, will G-d be expressed in the algorithm?
What do you do when people in your life right now are only invested in previous versions of you?
Bars where you can talk to new people and it's fun.
Civic spaces.
Things I miss
Comfort is overrated
Fairness is like freedom. It doesn't mean anything unless everyone's got it.
hyper localization is the only way to preserve human intimacy in the internet age
resting bitch face is my new religion
Sorry, all philosophy before um 1960.
Philosophy means very little without an understanding of neurology.
https://t.co/R1DdI1km2d
https://t.co/17tPZh2OuY
NY https://t.co/1NczyWRgnN
A night with a phone out of hand is a night lived.
Creative industry develops aesthetic first for its survival.
So creative industry spends more of its time eliminating competition than empowering creativity.
Human beings are not very good at keeping track of things.
But there is a stark difference between personal creativity and creative industry.
Yes we are all capable of creating work we consider to be "beautiful"
New doctrines of fairness must be considered when herd values can no longer be dictated by traditional gatekeepers.
Art = resonance &gt; utility
"ohhhhh k got it"
"aka, what's more important, its ability to evoke feelings of awe, or transport liquid"
"will more people assign value to it based on how it is perceived or its usefulness?"
"wtf do you mean?"
"does its resonance exceed its utility?"
i.e. "is this cup beautiful?" "sure"
Art = resonance &gt; utility.
Guys. Poetry. Is. Writing. That. Can. Be. Interpreted. In. Multiple. Ways.
It's been racing since the summertime
I just need to clear my mind now
God, isn't New York the greatest?
Pulling images off of tumblr does not make them free to use.
If you are a commercial artist who uses "references" of another artist's work for your own, you have to pay and credit them.
Snaps r happening and @whoisluka has weird shit in his pockets http://t.co/UkKCEDtDAL
gotta start somewhere
People who complain are those that fail to distinguish the difference between handouts and opportunities.
#tbt last week / on the job http://t.co/0Xw2JQWEId
Narrative Design
Staging an expressionist opera in the Hollywood Bowl.
Rare Moments of enthusiasm.
#mood http://t.co/ebP7trNdii
Your experience is worth something.
BRUH
Art is over as we know it http://t.co/ZW6WVQ7HwG
Belief and behavior are different things.
I wish I could build my art on naïveté, but I'd always remember someone, somewhere, would know they're being betrayed
MK / 7.22 http://t.co/MagICDqYpM
PSA: Everyone should turn off their read notifications on iMessage like um now
@williambgoss @rianjohnson I was literally reading this tweet when you came on http://t.co/QRUhEfMcnK
Who knew the most beautiful would be the one last seen?
Our first clear look - ever - at our friend Pluto. Hi Pluto. http://t.co/0Tx0Ay9uIl
au revoir paris http://t.co/t0EgJ91vWn
10pm in Paris http://t.co/CENkZ0gr3a
40 YEARS IN THE DESERT
Be wary of people in this life that are all maze, no cheese.
All I see around me are souls
My parents did a terrible job of raising me superficially
I don't believe in troll culture, because troll culture values loudness over quality.
Appreciate theoretical geniuses / not geniuses in theory
@jerrysaltz 👋🏼👋🏼👋🏼
Needless to say, what's coming next from me will not be in the form of a song 😶
http://t.co/mXoQo58HCq
I work where I work because the creative methodology practiced here is the most astonishing and alive as I have ever experienced.
Looking forward to a lifetime of self expression without qualification
Whoever told you not to believe what you know to be true / died a little bit inside / sometime / and tried to pin it all on you.
http://t.co/4YBRdJIzCp
Freedom from fear is my only art
Too many people going to Cuba. Let's go to North Pole instead, it's disappearing sooner.
Beware rooms filled with people who think they're more important than they really are
Is there such a thing as a technospiritualist?
omg new york hi hello
So assume: the more mundane the post, the crazier the project.
It's going to be called "It's Ok, I Don't Have to Watch the Whole Thing"
I'm writing a new book on internet social phenomena
Modern woes
She checks my snapchat but we don't talk
Don't you guys miss talking on the phone just to talk?
That's what a good lyric does.
"Take Me to Church" is an awesome example. There are a billion poetic layers, but the song works on a pop level...
If you want people to like a poetic song outside of English majors and critics, you essentially have to include an index "within" the lyric
If you write a song in a teenage voice, be prepared for listeners to engage with it that way.
Consider the age of the lyric. How old is the "voice" of the song?
It doesn't matter how fresh it seems now. That freshness will melt away, and all you will have is an infection in the form of terrible words
If it occurs to you that a lyric may be taken as completely idiotic by someone at some point, it will
Some songwriting tips
My fridge only has champagne and sriracha in it.
It's like cornering the market on telegraphs in 1885
I feel bad for the movie industry
I feel bad for movie stars
She keeps me abreast of things, and I pay her bills.
I have a codependent relationship with my phone
"Forever Young" @MrHudson only version  https://t.co/PhttXEq12o 👍
I don't normally post viral videos, but I had to this time #SlowmoDog https://t.co/D87Ssdtmje
but isn't it nice to be spoiled in some way?
Please tell me why I should contain myself
I am not contained, never was
I told her to never say that again
I girl I used to see said we were broken, that's why we worked
"Who are those people silently shouting in disgust, throwing out threats from behind their screens?" - @emilyeavis
That is their only modern purpose.
Religions are supposed to help you negotiate eternity.
McQueen 2015 / 2 http://t.co/JRL2MGwMNp
McQueen 2015 / 1 http://t.co/hfigkmxFWs
Apparently it's #ElonDay http://t.co/q7ZJg0LATu
Someone teach your children to just go after what they care for.
Can someone PLEASE mash up Blessings and Skyfall?
my girl @listen2tish dropped "Subway Art" today 🙏🙏🙏 http://t.co/8IBBvMKVsb if u like soulful new york sounds http://t.co/O8ITEpIEht
I feel bad for anyone whose God is threatened by pieces of stone in a museum
ISIS is a testament to how small and resourceless our world used to be http://t.co/iXRHOg11KR
There's a lot to sift through when you create, and the sifting can feel like going through garbage instead of the gold mining it actually is
And then I realize I need to just create and feel safe and protected until I've revealed what is best to show.
Sometimes I get so scared to create cause I don't want anything to be bad.
But you have to be the worst critic of your own opinion - I want to know that you burn for your style
All said if you live your life for style I want to know
Coolness is just another -ism at the end of the day
This is how people become grown ups. And nobody wants to be a grownup.
I hate it when people aren't straight with me, then leave me with no opportunity to address the problem, so I'm forced to hold a grudge.
Your responsibility is transcendence, whether you like it or not
I'm not interested in designers working out their neuroses in front of the public
"They weren't beads. They were bones."
"How heavy were the beads?"
Quotes from Fashion Week
Watching Zoolander during Fashion Week for perspective
Austerity. Importance. Classicism. Culture.
The voting system, and its connect to culture, is messed up. If they don't want the systemic flaws pointed out, maybe they should fix them.
Spent the afternoon with beautiful girl talking about narrative design. Never forget: your story is yours if you're brave enough to own it
Sometimes the moment is more important than the momentum
Geometry we never considered
It's the dawn of new structures
This is the end of encapsulation
This is the end of subculture
https://t.co/44DcG1HSfI
(i looked into my mom's eyes and scared the shit out of her)
(when I was born, I came out completely quiet, with my palms open and my eyes calm)
Yes, there is a good story around it.
Yes, my name is Hebrew.
Sometimes people think my name is "Ivan" (as in "eeevahn"... i.e. the terrible). And I'm like "No...do I sound Russian?"
You'd be surprised how many americans read "Ellen" when the letters E-L-O-N are literally splayed in front of them.
I'm used to people mispronouncing it - even though it is essentially spelled phonetically.
I've grown used to spelling it out constantly, and still don't have a good replacement for "n for nancy"
I've grown used to always saying my name twice
1. Elan. 2. Ilan. 3. Elon.
And the spelling his (and my) parents used, isn't even the second most common spelling of the name. It's the third.
This name is very rare. Like insanely rare. It only really exists in Hebrew, not other languages.
I'm watching Vines on my TV. This is odd.
And then you get to co-write a song with a Beatle, and realize anything is truly possible...the distances are endless. #grateful
You build your dreams around the furthest distance you think you can ever possibly run...
Morning Listen. #Lenny https://t.co/WhV1pHcD3N
As we so often do.
The ants and the flies deserve this world if we do nothing.
If we as the world do nothing, with these new tools we have, we are useless as humans.
Congrats to the homey @AlexDinelaris on his Golden Globe win last night. (!!!)
Remember who you are
CREATIVE SYNTHESIS
suede lace / black timbs / ya or na? http://t.co/BhH6xsfWLp
MERRY DAY http://t.co/308oGl9pxH
Damn you LA skies http://t.co/7sMpaEc3U1
@BeezyFoxtail would be an environ built on pervasive transparency. Not concerned about a gov't operating in that space, cause it's just us.
World's gonna change so much when everyone's dad knows how to work twitter.
In about 5 years, we're gonna look at leaks like a hilarious remnant of an ancient past.
When we started working on stage show ideas years back, never knew we'd end up making a real opera.
I'm the child of an immigrant. I'm a child of war. I'm the child of the holocaust. I understand culture and I understand sensitivity.
One should never be ignorant of the roots of any art form, and it's your obligation to be respectful especially when there are sensitivities
Happy co-birthday Daniel. Nice hair. http://t.co/IraHsikCnG
Apparently, most people who know me don't know I have a twin brother.
Bilingual birthday card vibes http://t.co/alsC72p3No
Kids, favorite movie of 2014. And...go:
@AlvyBadd both...if ur lucky, a good school gives you tools, background, mentors....but only real training is on the job
I'm on this plane w @ImKeithDavid about to be all "yo I'm a fan" and then "Pitch Black" literally comes on TV.
the last time i was an assistant was when i helped my mom make dinner when i was 10
Who wants to work on a project that explores the intersection of archetypical storytelling and cognitive neuroscience?
http://t.co/57WKsYyXsQ
"is Flash still around?" -@heronpreston on technology
Thus the world was changed so quietly
And so Apple quietly updates your computer, allowing you to speak to it for the very first time...
@andrepaste http://t.co/KJhvfN8DSI
http://t.co/qcvqB8jGsq
The quiet promises are plenty
I told her we were burning through our reservoir.
...seriously delegitimizing serious points. This is no time for martyrs or sacrificial lambs. Just truth and justice, fairly applied.
Lapel cameras for cops is about all i can 100% support right now. There is way too much hysteria and bandwagon hopping that is...
@SuperMoth 👍
My dad just called me "Mr. E."
be sentimental. REALLY sentimental
be dedicated to hope
My favorite quote - written by me: "If you know what 100 tastes like, then it's really easy to spit 99 out."
Going after the very best ideas and settling for nothing less
All I know is every project I've been a part of has been because of pure enthusiasm
There's always going to be a better until you find what's best.
I just always think the world can just do better.
Nobody is considering the internet's effect on mystery and discovery
Called up Dominos. Asked if they delivert.
In the meantime = lots of well meaning hysterics screaming at each other
I'm just sitting here waiting for our concepts of justice to catch up with our usage of the internet
IMAX is - in fact - the ONLY way to see "Interstellar" imho
I still have so much energy. Let's do things
Yo. The new thing should be if there's a new "in" phrase, don't tell anyone cause it will get played out in 2 days
I like being emphatic
Emmy for Best Album goes to Too Many Cooks
Oscar for best picture goes to Too Many Cooks
Did Nike really name a shoe "Camo Toe"? 😕
I just bought a drone.
Creative Environments. Food for thought. Protecting creativity. Nourishing. Encouraging. Confronting.
You become very scared that you will taint your creative work by not infusing it with the same pure, raw energy that drives you to create.
It's very difficult making art when you don't feel the grace of creativity coursing within you.
Just saying. I live in NYC. I know those intersections. And you have some clarifications to make.
Lay down on the floor and listen to it with the lights off. It'll change your world.
If you don't know the Cream, go buy this album right now :https://t.co/mq0YXZopYI
RIP Jack Bruce
c/o @washingtonpost http://t.co/Bm7VufYrtK
Like all of a sudden it's like "wow, it's a common name" even if it's just in some news article.
Man, growing up as the weird kid who only knew 2-3 people with the same name, it means so much having @elonmusk in the news.
Also the @guardian with the best headline: http://t.co/A3ZkFTHG6x
Sweet. Only took @Slate an hour: http://t.co/u4BErewGML
In the meantime, chill. She looks great.
I'm pretty disgusted by the unspoken sexism of all of these Renee Zellwegger posts, and once @Slate writes a piece on it, you will be too.
It's a callous, transgressive, academic exercise. Why don't you try and look for the heart of the internet if you're going to gut it?
My biggest problem with @BuzzFeed is they cynically take all of the fun out of discovering things on the internet.
@HudMo @BoyGeorge this whole exchange is just making me very very happy
Apparently @BuzzFeed is a religious blog for its columnists now. Really glad journalistic ethics got left behind in the 20th century.
Lambo and the mini van
Happy Thanksgiving, Canadian friends 🍁🍁🍁
Say a prayer for your hopes, cause they're always exposed to the wind.
Also somebody make a t shirt out of this: http://t.co/Gy0dx64DNB
Someone make a t-shirt design of this http://t.co/MYNj7eQ8lf
SO PROUD of my dad, retiring today after 40 years of kick ass editorial work in Hollywood #dad… http://t.co/dfcbvHDrRx
...and overseeing restoration of countless classic films. So proud of him. http://t.co/aZKLJXi3EJ #dad #proud http://t.co/S2hJS4nt9K
...ON SO MANY AMAZING TV SHOWS - "Murder She Wrote", "Quantum Leap", "Simon &amp; Simon", "Knight Rider"...
My dad is driving off the @wbpictures lot right now, retiring after 40 years as an editor. SO PROUD OF HIM FOR ALL HIS AMAZING WORK...
And please love researching. I want people who are in love with looking dope things up and compiling lists. #listophiles
I'm really starting to hate the internet. Love the tool. Hate the culture.
If you believe that God brings people into your life for a reason, you better believe he's going to challenge you on that belief.
No one's going to solve your sadness
@ClayBujorian good thing no one bet me money http://t.co/rjl2vrfJzZ
But I do know I have a pretty salty taste in my mouth the moment the masses coagulate to remember someone they only loved for his highs.
I know nothin of him personally, what pain he suffered, or what led his career decisions.
Or when a generation just moves on?
Yet did we all, who fawn over Mork, or Genie, or Doubtfire, consider the psychological erosion that happens when your audiences leave you?
He tried. Over and over again. Making solid hits, even a few amazing home runs (I return to "World's Greatest Dad")
Absolutely not.
But did the millions who adored him for his classic performances follow him on his post-pop journey into more challenging work?
For anyone who saw "World's Greatest Dad" or him on Broadway a few years back in "Bengal Tiger at the Baghdad Zoo"
Robin Williams hadn't had a solid hit since the late 90s, yet still insisted on being vibrant, experimental, boundary challenging
You want to know what I think.
@ClayBujorian watch iTunes will have a "Remembering Robin" banner by the weekend
I wish there were an actually karma police and a karma court, cause I'd totally sue some mofos
LA proved too much for the man
Dear lord it's important to have no fear when your loved ones are suffering from addiction, mental illness, or depression. Intervene. Love.
lol
@vimota @elonmusk ...I would just do it slowly, cautiously, and with great care taken to the importance of human society and culture
@vimota @elonmusk not saying we couldn't slowly move toward a cracking open of human intelligence and consciousness...
@vimota @elonmusk almost everything we perceive is dictated by subconscious processing - our conscious minds are just a buoy on a large sea
@vimota @elonmusk my only issue with this is that it is your evolved brain that is making that distinction
@vimota @elonmusk ...what we find to be fundamentally human. On a pure data level. That correlates to the authentic, ideal human experience.
@vimota @elonmusk I'm not particularly concerned. Because the crisis of singularity will only force us to further define and defend...
@vimota @elonmusk And so if the fear of suprahuman AI is that it will act in fundamentally "un-human" ways that could spell our doom...
@vimota @elonmusk EVERYTHING we do as a species cannot be separated from the conditions in which we evolved.
@vimota @elonmusk the only reasonable approach is to embrace the fundamental human-ness of the endeavor.
@vimota @elonmusk When confronted with the potential crisis of a human designed device potentially capable of suprahuman activity...
@vimota @elonmusk ...correlates to exact "settings" that our brains evolved to identify as favorable survival triggers.
@vimota @elonmusk Savannah Hypothesis posits that the fundamental way in which we, as a species, construct our societies...
The answer to Singularity issues is the Savanna Hypothesis. ITS NOT THAT COMPLICATED. #SorryWorryWarts http://t.co/83h2htap5m @elonmusk
The More You Know: http://t.co/cdrSNVomJf #YesWeUseAllOfOurBrains
And that, my friends, is the most dangerous thing of all.
Cause otherwise, they just don't understand. And then get very glib in their confidence about what they think they do know.
Having a world with internet means you have to tell history all over again to people who didn't live it.
It's easy to get emotional without using your brain. It's easy to think a hashtag is a substitute for fixing problems.
Yes We Also Offer Batteries (in packs of 6 and 12) #ELON http://t.co/PZv7u8bpn5
Yes We Have Dancers #ELON http://t.co/NBnbwyUGr2
My Staff is Happy To Serve You #ELON http://t.co/Lt3TAnRKKR
#ELON http://t.co/JItgpBSsNU
Turns out there's an appliance store in Sweden that uses my name. Out of good faith and lack of juristiction, I have called the lawyers off.
http://t.co/eWDJPQWTxs
One of those furious days...
Way too many hipster beards in this JFK security line #8FlightsIn8Days
I like to be overbearing and truthful.
Look at @Razanejammal all being the dead wife and such. Congrats homey: http://t.co/BIZ1vREfO2 #LiamNeeson #AWalkAmongTheTombstones
Sometimes people are just too busy kicking ass and burning midnight oil, so you gotta call it out every chance you get.
Spelling Bee Shenanigans http://t.co/IxMgODz7Lq
Friends and family. Lots of love.
What a beautiful event
Lyrics, that's one of the things
bold are the unwritten ones
"The Easiest Way to Understand Why We Must Defend Net Neutrality" via @digg http://t.co/VbJnbppxVL
#phenomenology
the bro @Avi__Gold knows how to make a sock #larrydavid #curbappeal http://t.co/IuC2QPAkIw
BLOOOOOOOD MOOOOOON
I wasn't a kid when I was a kid, so don't ask me to be a grown up now
that's not the world i live in / no one is ever too long gone
said he'd never find a home / he was too long gone
they put him down without telling me / had to show up monday to find out
took him to a trainer / was great with him / bit his wife
escaped first day we got him / ran through midtown without getting hit
someone kept him as a guard dog / he only knew how to love his owner
he was smart as fuck / too smart for his own good
parrafin skin / tears easily
loved you to death / mauled the old people in the lobby
he was the sweetest dog / had a scar across his snout
In my old office, we adopted a german shepherd / rottweiler mix
#polanski magazine, new issue, yes, copping this soon http://t.co/arztFhkczM
I always love watching Robin Hood: Men in Tights cause it's like Mel yeah you think it looks like england but we all know that's calabasas
Oh yeah also the story entirely falls apart by the end too. Ugh screenwriters.
God I love me some Minority Report, I just hate how stupid Noir-y it gets at the end.
THIS https://t.co/K0M8CDwri1
It bothers me, in a life when we are wired to know the purity of things, how much bullshit we have to put up with.
Is it just me, or is it crazy that after all his success, it totally feels like Phil Jackson is at home being back at the Knicks?
PUSH PUSH PUSH http://t.co/0dMARxoBhh @fucktyler
TEXAS
Aviate, Navigate, Communicate
The true digital prophets don't give themselves lame ass titles. They're too busy writing the future.
When you're in a meeting and people drop insane references on you it's like 🙌🙏🙌
That said, I hope the cream-color trend is limited to South Texas. I don't think the world can take that much Off-Pantone Red.
Holy crap I liked "Her"
I think Russia has the case of "the sore losers" ... can someone get Putin a hot chocolate and rub his back in a gentle circular motion?
I think the singularity happened tonight
Yay for recognizing the most important film of 2013, and not the most technically accomplished.
I can't blame her for under mentioning Woody Allen...but still...
The 2014 Oscars. The one when they didn't come up with any ideas.
Let's all remember @JimCarrey was astonishingly snubbed not once, but twice, because the academy was in the stone age but 10 years ago.
So proud of my friend @OfficialAshBell for her excellent performance in "Machinal" on Broadway.
Too much good is possible in the digital age to waste our time on pettiness.
Mmhm. Yup. A journalist invented placing your fingers in a grid. http://t.co/MTyJhAXcSK @nnimrodd
"The Internet is Fucked" Read. Learn. Act. Now. http://t.co/qCHNAU1e24
I only have one person in my life with a blocked number. Sorry other people who think they're important.
I'm sure he would approve of a good ghostbusting joke right about now...
RIP Harold Ramis.
Just man up and call it 5 degrees like a goddamn American damnit.
You wanna know why we use Fahrenheit ? Because Celsius is dramatic as fuck when it's cold.
OR SHOULD I SAY EAU CANADA
OH CANADA
just checking the mic 😁
FDR at night is my favorite drive.
WHATS UP STATE COLLEGE PA
#OLYMPICS http://t.co/QOta4t3jXM
#CasinosLaw
All these sad characters and so little of himself. I'm sure there was a really great guy with great stories to tell.
What I'm sad most about PSH passing on is that he never really got a chance to show the public more of the real him.
GOOD GAME
RIP PSH
#SlumberParty
Gaby Hoffmann went to my high school #claimtofame
Too bad I hate school. Life lectures?
I could probably teach a class on all the nuances of the things I love forever.
I ain't no vision.
I love it when airlines get into passive aggressive arguments with me over Twitter. #AintUEverHeardofDM?
Is it just me, or is the fact that Rob Ford can converse in real patois with his Jamaican friends a GOOD thing?
#AestheticRules Number One: You are not allowed to use Steve Reich music to underscore your art project. Ever.
#bernice https://t.co/67er3R4Fm1
@officialkenan on SNL for a decade and you've never cracked up in the middle of a sketch until "2 Chainz does Disney"? #ItWasWorthIt
In the Toronto airport, "Tales That I Tell" is playing over the intercom @HMBSMS
#NetNeutrality #Internet #HumanRights
And it's just beginning. Don't shut it down just when it's starting to get good.
Do not underestimate the good that a free and neutral internet can have for the voiceless people of the world.
Do not let judges born in an analog era cast binding judgements for a digital age.
Do not let this federal appeals ruling be a digital Plessy vs Ferguson
#NetNeutrality #BeScared #DoSomething http://t.co/xS4yzre3dx
Write every politician you know - Net Neutrality is the most crucial human rights issue right now: http://t.co/jARu82diiS
Wow. It's astounding how far the media will go to minimize what is essentially a hate crime. #alwaysimpressed
@Sothebys are you really selling this man's work as if it were original? http://t.co/8jZcL9dz0f
I just donated to The Leukemia &amp; Lymphoma Society. Help patients with blood cancer live better, longer lives. Visit  http://t.co/y2MeApukrO
Internet is a human right. It's the only tool mankind has to save itself from itself.
http://t.co/yRcPysAYXB
i'd rather the stairs, he said to god
Just wrote my best line of the year and it's only January 6th. #sorry2014
Such beautiful, impermanent machines, these bodies
God this #JahiMcMath story is just the most saddening thing ever.
@SuperMoth less people will read his books in college, and he'll feel ambivalent in his heaven of an endless bureaucracy
Somewhere on the border of kitch and camp lies the new uncanny.
I feel bad for Kafka.
Our Universities will soon be flooded with memes and internet pop artists.
Is it weird to anyone that 20-30 years from now, "Mean Girls" will be a cherished film for 50 years olds, like Woody Allen films are today?
I'm letting the algorithm guide me.
I need to talk to a very accomplished anthropologist.
Easy to sit through or not, "12 Years a Slave" is the best film of the year. Hands down. No contest.
Mixing EDM and country music is extraordinarily cynical to me. Just sayin...
Dean Jones DESTROYING "Being Alive" #Company #Sondheim he was going through a divorce at the time and you can feel it http://t.co/XVVZ5VRKTd
I'm sure that condition would benefit from a spoonful of sugar.
Another word of the day: "diverticulitis"
I appreciated the honesty. It helped balance the blatant promotion.
That's the word of the day: "hagiography"
"Saving Mr. Banks" is a very sweet film that borders on hagiography.
All I want for Christmas is a Casascius Physical BitCoin limited 2013 series w/ the circular "zeroes and ones" private key hologram
Karma is integrity. You get what you give.
Sorry your masculinity is threatened by other people. Leave Jesus out of it.
Re: Duck Dynasty, hate is not a religious belief. End of story. Welcome to 2013.
Also, never worry about arrogance. Arrogance is the anger insecure people feel when confident, able people plainly state their abilities.
@kimskitchensink confidence + lack of ability = 0
Confidence &gt; Humility
@arca1000000 http://t.co/4yKtjD7P51
"Wheels are turning somewhere.....not here....here we plant rice" #myjam
Listening to Pacific Overtures is my jam
But no, my friends, we're in the pursuit of dreams, and it is a ruthless one
And if I knew that peace were enough, I'd become an insurance salesman
You must understand the legends.
these peanut M&amp;ms are melting in my hands
(That means evolution, and, most importantly, quantum mechanics)
2. It makes a constant effort to update it's ethos and belief system alongside the introduction of provable science.
1. The dogma, practices, rituals, rules, and proscriptions can be distilled to correlate with the basics of human cognitive behavior.
Errant thought of the day: I don't want to hear about the efficacy of religion unless it meets the following criteria.
Damn Houston YOU GOT IT
You were always dreaming. And always trying to grow that dream.
Cause that's not true. Not even close.
And no one wants to hear that you were just trying to make it through another day.
I still believe in philosophy because when you're dead and gone, they always try and make sense of why you did what you did.
Also, I got nominated for a Grammy tonight.
Fifth Element is pretty much a perfect movie.
Big D little a double l a s
Don't ever let the system think for you.
History was stolen by the ashes. No one forgets that.
The giant manta ray at the @GeorgiaAquarium does somersaults all day. Either he's gone tank crazy or he's got life all figured out.
First time ever in ATL. LETS SEE WHAT U GOT
@jameson_rich  what's it about?
Just blasted thru all of S4 Boardwalk Empire. What else should I catch up on?
"sorry, we didn't know" is a pretty pathetic argument. Glad you guys put your brains on. @beastieboys @goldieblox http://t.co/v7JwMg7n0E
You may not use other people as martyrs for your own causes. That's just not fair.
(except for steal people's music)
no disrespect to girls they should be free to do whatever they want
It's really sad when one of your favorite shows starts quietly jumping the shark
What you do is really cool. Don't mess with it.
There will be no more veneration of saints
Multiple Discovery. Look it up.
What happens when you realize the "innovative" idea you just had is being shared by hundreds of people, if not more, at that very moment?
The problem with virality is that it interferes with the traditional rewards of innovation.
@leilah_weinraub says the best things http://t.co/4eruY1VqJ2 http://t.co/YAbPPFFefO
"Last Halloween, I was robbed at knifepoint. I don't really think about it..." #thingsheardonthestreet
[end of story]
Acting with conscience is probably the most godly thing anyone can do in this lifetime.
I miss ubiquity
when unclear or confused, be free, be free
Oh Canada...
Make better creatives, make more money. This is not an exclusive bargain.
God I miss good genre films
@heronpreston don't you mean http://t.co/7SdDqcW5KL
Provincial thinking is going to be the death of America.
Yeah, I know being smart makes it a lot harder to make people believe in something, but that's not a good excuse.
#banksy http://t.co/6oZlXu1Er8
this is what my browser tabs look like when I'm checking out the fashion shows http://t.co/LgPW09kupX
And now, post-internet, it's not even quaint. Just boring.
"The Simpsons" are no longer relevant because they were the pop culture reference churner before the internet.
I'm live-editing a poem
http://t.co/DHEoilUjGh for those who can't google
Mother Teresa would be proud
RICK OWENS: important and difficult to watch
@richwilkersonjr you too!
I scored 41/50 on @Vulture's #BreakingBad trivia quiz, and I'm Jesse! http://t.co/eDuSwUjh9D
Adult Wednesday Adams lol http://t.co/Tmfa2RVL7G
NONE of the improvements on the new iPhone matter except one. It has slow-motion video. This is going to change *EVERYTHING*
@Mr_NaveenKumar @nkorzenko @birdabroad the photo booth at Niagra. I totes 'member this.
I don't understand how you could make a movie called "I Just Don't Know How She Does It" when the woman doesn't do it.
I am watching "Adventures of Pluto Nash" right now. The sets look kind of cheap, but this is definitely not the worst movie of all time.
he's gump, he's gump, he's gump, what's in his head http://t.co/pvCYw0kGPw @shayneHBA @leilah_weinraub
It's a dope backpack, tho
I got a new religion, it's called backpack judaism
@paulleonardmorg good work on the #Dredd score
"...it was rude, but it’s an awards show...a guy came from the ceiling and put his ass in another guy’s face." http://t.co/41xrkRT7Y2
Some people want the marketplace, and some people want the temple. Not sure you can have both.
There's too much work to do...and we've just begun
If the only thing one can contribute to a situation is love and support, I think that's a pretty important job.
And camo was a good idea for five minutes, digital camo for 10, and it's been at least an hour since
Congrats @lakebell, @robcorddry, @michaelawat, #fredmelamed, etc. "In a World..." was a super fun ride.
Another 9/11 😔😔😔😔😔😔😔
"Bill, you are, and always shall be, my friend. But I just signed a six-month lease on my apartment..." #Futurama
I'm ready to be a citizen of the modern age. I'm not sure most Americans truly are.
Working one's ass off does not negate cowardice. They are separate things, unfortunately.
Neil dreamed a dream. So sad.
I'm in a McDonalds that's playing "Neil Diamond Sings Les Mis" on the speakers
Woody Allen has been replaced by Soho House
Oh man I am totally doing laundry and fashion week stuff tomorrow
"How I learned to stop worrying and love the cruise missile"
I'm becoming steadily convinced that most Americans have absolutely no idea how world politics works.
All of my best friends are in the Military-Industrial Complex. They should have a good friday.
Obama should shoot like ten missiles into Syria.
They red carpet-ed Brooklyn. So moved. #VMA
"Breaking Bad" Season 5, Episode 8 is one of the best TV episodes of all time.
"You should use Quicken. It's like having a calculator...on your computer!" @BreakingBad_AMC
Talk about. ROCK MUSIC.
Never release a single you're not prepared to perform 10,000 times and LIKE IT
Just a reminder: Charlotte Rae is still alive.
Yes. This. http://t.co/zilYPzZmg3
Children: best Spongebob episodes?
Words and Visuals and Sadness and Smiles: http://t.co/HUIDrmz3UC
Everything under the sun, everything under the sun sun
Why watch a @DAVID_LYNCH movie when you can just listen to this song? http://t.co/EiN7WrCnHw
“If someone is gay and he searches for the Lord and has good will, who am I to judge?” -One Vatican Official, Ever
I need me some @leilah_weinraub right about now. Vodka soda at midnight on a Sunday? Why are you in China?
You guys do realize that expressing biased views is the quickest way to get lots of people to reinforce their "un-biased" views, right? #WBC
"Life is very long." -T.S. Eliot
If the book in your head is far better than the one that would end up on the page, why would you write it in the first place?
I guess information addiction is probably one of the better ones...?
My chrome browser keeps on glitching, and I LOVE IT: http://t.co/wzBLwhLLlz
My mind has straight up been blown like ten times today. Time for sushi.
#FUTURE http://t.co/1sv86AeAZt
The Chrysler Building is still the better building.
JOAN LUNDEN http://t.co/cpGBOnS05Z
THE EAST was fantastic. Wow.  @britmarling @z_al awesome work.
@JamesGunn I mean this in the most genuinely appreciative way possible. Watching "Super" on Netflix right now. WTF am I watching?
Memorization is so 2001
THE GARAGE BAND IS DEAD.
Comiskey Park explosions. 1979.
So much excess. Minimalism is #TNB
Security Theater.
"The love between Tony and Carmela was one of the greatest I’ve ever known." #GetTheTissues #ThisIsWhyPeopleAct http://t.co/2fHslBBoNz
Deeply saddened by the passing of James Gandolfini. Not just an astounding actor, but cultural icon, producer, and theater guy Huge loss :-(
Learning about quantum physics is actually quite upsetting. There's a creature comfort in only four dimensions.
Quotables: http://t.co/EQ1xSRSHQM
The powers that be keep on trying to do what they do, but they keep on forgetting that the kids just don't care.
Aren't we all just Elvis impersonators framed by Taekwando instructors?
pure creation, pure creation
Canadians behold - my father's play is being produced next January in Toronto: http://t.co/Eh3ZFLMJTY #teatron #toronto #theater #booya
After all these years I've been around, it's only been confirmed to me that true friendship is the only currency I've found.
I worship at the altar of knowledge
I am dedicated to the future
NOBODY LIKES STEAMPUNK
"There is nothing sadder than an aging hipster" -Lenny Bruce
THE YOUTH ALWAYS WINS truest thing said all year @virgilabloh
http://t.co/E2yPxunM
Spending an evening with Carl Sagan
Beware, someone operating under the guise of responsibility may be gently killing your dreams.
For the record, if someone has a problem with both hashtags and homosexuals, they have a problem with me.
"Get me Dennis Mendel at the ADL!" #HouseofCards
HOUSE OF CARDS
Spent the past two days doing something absolutely terrifying. It's done. On to the next one.
I think imma record tomorrow. Gotta do it.
If anyone rhymes "girl" with "world" in a song, unfriend them immediately.
Mexico may be a dangerous place, but guys, you never shoot the band: http://t.co/A4NMnfpx
We humans, we're mostly gardeners, turning forests into zoos
For some reason, I read Ellison's "Invisible Man" twice in high school. His hidden room filled with light bulbs, drawn from stolen power...
No, you are not allowed to call your mixtape "Desirous of Prosecution"
Man, I have to watch "Being There" again. #Sellers
I'm married to concepts more than people, but I will walk where you lead if your church has a steeple
2014 Emmy Nominee for Best Performance by a Guest Actor: The Yellow Mesh Shirt #girls
Let's just say this is a banner week for Jorma Taccone.
Nothing like a day browsing the darkside with @heronpreston to set your head straight. Let's do some mergers and aquisitions, kids! ##
This is the sad story of inquisitions...if you want to prevent them from happening, you have to be prepared to wage one yourself.
Holy Crap. Four sketches in. Good work, SNL people.
Most memory is pain, but what remains is revelation.
Try and listen to Prince on YouTube, and you can't find a snippet. YouTube has an entire division dedicated to protecting his copyrights.
Prince picking perfect sounds and protecting his property online is the SAME THING. It's all about protecting what has quality.
And it DOESN'T HAVE A BASS LINE. Think about that. No. Bass. Line. Prince may be crazy as shit, but he knows what he's doing. #whendovescry
"When Doves Cry" has everything you need in a song. #DesertIslandOne
I'm always at my best when others see the best in me.
CONCEPTUAL.ACADEMIC.THEORETICAL.POWERFUL.
STAY BURNING IF YOU CAN BURN
FURIOUS TO PERFECTION
End of the day, I still think everyone does everything they do because they just want to feel important.
Someone help me make a GIF out of this: http://t.co/llDnh3Cp
winston chmielinski #art http://t.co/naSIB9Kt
I'm really glad Taylor Swift fans went to bat for her and bullied Michael J. Fox for calling out her ridiculous song writing process.
My uncle said I reminded him of John Adams, but tonight I'm feeling more like James Madison #constitution
Just unfollowed someone who, in spite of his holier than thou tweets, owns (and retweets) a despicable gossip machine of a company.
No more time for the wasting. If you live for the fire, live ruthlessly for it.
Welcome @OfficialAshBell to Twitter. My friend starred in "Last Exorcism" and does all her own bending over backwards. http://t.co/OYBtqdAi
Reality isn't what happens, it's what you're aware of.
Is in an Indian Restaurant listening to a sitar arrangement of "Walk Like an Egyptian". Yup.
The melody goes a little like this....  http://t.co/GW3TX7UL  @Official_Tina1
Is watching the whole "Motown 25" special like it's nobody's business.
Browsing the non-fiction section.
I say how cute someone's dog is at the Mercer and @mr_nbrown and @markseekings point out its Marc Jacobs. I know my place in fashion ;)
@McCallanKate always looking out for me
@wkamaubell yes!
The opening sequence to the original "Willy Wonka" plays out like a prequel to "Network"
The early 1970s. A time when @ElliotGould could be a movie star. Gotta love it. #movies
Don't you just love these early 70s comedies where you can witness the blossoming of post-modern cinema? #willywonka #blazingsaddles
Yes, Gene Wilder makes "Willy Wonka" the classic that it is, but theater legend Jack Albertson is in a close second #goldenticket
@wkamaubell, the @newyorker @emilynussbaum says your comedy is "intersectional progressivism". You should use that as a commercial blurb.
#girls #wine http://t.co/fSJl32jV
It's really weird sitting in diners, across from empty seats that estranged friends once sat in.
Big Ideas, Big Execution
Saint Allan: http://t.co/VRt67Oz9
Sometimes you make totally new shit. And sometimes you make amazing chapter twos.
What do you find and discover in the fragrances of your youth, and return and return to again as the years pass on?
Chaos theory is liberation. Jeff Goldblum in "Jurassic Park" had it all wrong.
I want to start a movement of rigorous positivity. This is a tough world, lets at least fight all the time for good things.
Finding your vision is hard enough, not being ruined by others negative energy and atrophy is even harder.
Am I fascist to suggest eliminating the irreparably negative people in your life?
I have NO patience for dream killers
Hey, remember that movie when MJ turned into a robot, and then turned into a flying car? #moonwalker
Thus Pyrrhus said: "Another such victory and I come back to Epirus alone"
#this http://t.co/uWjs2TsX
Hey! What do you say we reboot another cherished franchise with a gravelly voiced anarchist villain? My vote: Smurfs 3: Village on Fire
"A baby was born this morning on the rising star" @edwardjolmos #BSG holds up SO well.
My red line is a red line
Of course I care about industries and politics. I just care about dreams more.
"Tabloids began snapping close-ups of Middleton's stomach for any indication of a baby bump." Thank you, ABC News. Hard hitting journalism.
Visual Philosophy? Gestalt Art?
I didn't have enough fun this weekend.
Do you want to stay away from the city of the shrine, lest it be consumed by the desert? #lostark
Saying No to College: http://t.co/CXpV3Fy5 #nytimes
Remember, if you wear a beautiful sweater made of fickle thread, the thread is all people will notice.
My gods are Kaprow and Jung. Look them up.
Isn't it funny that libraries are becoming beautiful antiques?
If you hear a movie is terrible, or even marginally bad - don't see it. It will infect your whole week with crap.
F&amp;&amp;k, do I have to start studying @siamusic now? Her sh#t is everywhere.
Just realized I spent my college years having no idea what was popping on the Hot 100 #billboard
http://t.co/EwoNGADa see it in 3-D on a big ass screen if you ever get the chance
God grew tired of the world of cyclical suffering he had inadvertently created, and so he created Man in the hope of righting it.
We are all part of the great chain of life - always be aware of where you are outsourcing your suffering to.
Want to know why MJ had a five year break between albums? This disaster : http://t.co/Ku7iP3JL
Having an #MJ weekend
Aspirational hijack wear
Kool Moe Dee http://t.co/hWCV8ILc
I'll get to Dylan….eventually.
Do you want the answer or the explanation? Because I can give you both.
Sesame Street on the Thanksgiving Day Parade. With Elmo. Awwwwwkward.
Entertainment makers, do you think we want nostalgia? Did we not live through yours? Only. Newness.
Why the Hulk is amazing in "The Avengers" is the reason why he is terrible in his solo movies. He only hulk smash well.
Exalt your friends, and push the envelope as far as the universe will let you.
Landscape and Local Algorithm
Too much coffee and brilliance this early can only be a good thing. #grateful
6am. #remove #the #frame
Day isn't inspiring you? MAKE the inspiration.
I only care about being in temples and sacred spaces.
It's not neediness when you constantly want to be surrounded by amazing, inspiring, ground breaking people. #truth
#c #t http://t.co/qGOIx3M2
Visual Philosophy
Landscape and Local Algorithm
#chaos #theory
#moreismore
God comes in waves
Is in Massachusetts. That is all.
Man, America is getting all Wikileaks on theyselves
has no time for the fakers, especially with so many amazing people in this world.
#MORE #BLACKOUTS
Job today: accepting peaceful truths
Upping my game.
Future will be landscape and local algorithm.
Love the difficult things as deeply as you can. There's a reason why you're looking that way.
Perfect Storm + Perfect Storm + Perfect Storm = ???????????
SNOW
The @nytimes is seriously the most fucked up, bureaucratic, old school, yet VITALLY important institution around...
We have no kings. Only great men sent here to do God's quiet work.
"the best is yet to come"
God Bless America
Share this with family and friends. NO ONE should be obstructed or deceived while voting: http://t.co/Cb4Ay1NS
Sitting in the inconvenient seat.
Denying (or obstructing) a vote is as un-American as Voting IS American. If you hear of any major delays or deceptions: http://t.co/Cb4Ay1NS
Ohio-ans are drowning in attention lol
Today just turned classical.
"Your love is my scripture"
the fundamentals never change
Contending with the algorithm
#lava http://t.co/M1cQoJ3C
Yo, this Cleveland show, yo
Looks like the good "Homeland" writers took a day trip to "The Walking Dead" episode last night. #thatwasgood
This week's "Homeland" was subpar....an "intern episode" as I like to say. #showtime
Vote vote vote vote
The most beautiful quotes must be found on paper. -Lessons Sandy teaches you
Gotta do right. Always.
New York is the best small town ever
Has some work to do.
I gotta write a treatise now. Remember those?
And I can only live what is full enough to write about
#liminal #spaces
Seriously, everything is happening tonight. Like whoa.
"Does the GIF ever end?" - @mr_nbrown
I just voted (and so should you) #2012 #democracy
Living 17 lifetimes in one year is a glorious chore
http://t.co/z9jLBxSN
"Cloud Atlas" midnight showing with @mr_nbrown tonight. Why? BECAUSE AWESOME
Has my absentee ballot and voting TODAY. Please make sure you're voting in your state, and standing proud for the candidates you believe in
#TimConway #Varietyshow #Halloween http://t.co/9yMOaVSX
I don't just want blessings. I want the best blessings. #sueme
Why is it that blessings never feel good when they arrive in your inbox?
Apparently Matisyahu was just Chris Martin in a beard. http://t.co/DjqVdgXJ
It seems everyone and their mother saw #Argo this weekend. Indication?
#malala should have won nobel peace prize via @thedailybeast
Think I just got instaspammed. Weird.
Downloading the new @BIGkidsmusic @mrhudson album for a genuine listen in my rental car #newmusic