WH’s Sanders: Chairman Nadler and his fellow Democrats have embarked on this fishing expedition because they are terrified that their two-year false narrative of ‘Russia collusion’ is crumbling. Their intimidation and abuse of American citizens is shameful.
WH’s Sanders: Chairman Nadler opened up a disgraceful and abusive investigation into tired, false allegations already investigated by the Special Counsel and committees in both Chambers of Congress.
NC Board of Elections sets calendar for new election in NC9:	Candidate filing period: March 11-15	Primary election: May 14	Second primary (if necessary*): September 10	General election (if no 2nd primary): September 10	General election (if 2nd primary): November 5
Foreign Rlnts Cmte Chair Risch on briefing on murder of Khashoggi &amp; Magnitsky Act : “Written materials from the State Department are being reviewed. As the investigation continues and we learn more, we will keep all apprised. This is a work in progress &amp; we will not let it go.”
Treasury notifies Congress it will use “extraordinary measures” to avoid hittint the debt ceiling today. Buys Congress &amp; admin time to work out a deal. They probably have through summer
GOP KY Sen Paul on probes of the administration by House Democrats:	They may bite off more than they intended and there could be a backlash
GOP KY Sen Paul on opposing Trump on nat’l emergency:	There are political risks to separating yourself from your party’s president
Paul about establishing a new precedent via executive power for the national emergency at the border:	I worry about the next President and the next President 		Paul:	It’s not really about President Trump
GOP KY Sen Paul about establishing a new precedent via executive power for national emergency:	I worry about the next President and the next President 		Paul:	It’s not really about President Trump
GOP KY Sen Paul Paul on speaking w/Trump about voting to overturn nat’l emergency:	I spoke to the President last night..he says he understood where I was coming from..He didn’t tell me we’ll never play golf again. So I think we’re okay
KY Sen Paul on the precedent of the Youngstown Steel case when it comes to Trump’s declaration of a nat’l emergency:	When you look at the Youngstown Steel case, I think this would be overturned
GOP KY Sen Paul on voting to overturn national emergency:	There is a problem at the border. But we have to do it in a way that complies with the Constitution
GOP KY Sen Paul on voting to overturn national emergency: There are at least ten Republican (votes)		Paul:	I think everyone in our caucus is troubled by this
GOP KY Sen Paul on voting to overturn the national emergency:	There is a real danger about running your government by national emergency
GOP KY Sen Paul on voting to overturn Trump’s nat’l emergency:	The Constitution is very clear..Congress came to a conclusion and the President signed the bill		Paul on the national emergency declaration:	This executive order goes against the will of Congress
Senate Foreign Rltns Cmte now getting closed door briefing about Magnitsky probe &amp; murder of Jamal Khashoggi
Dem AL Sen Doug Jones to speak on the Senate floor soon about the tornadoes which spun through AL this weekend
Colleague Mike Emanuel confirms Hse will vote this week on resolution condemning anti-Semitism
Hse Intel/Foreign Affairs/Oversight Cmtes write to Mulvaney/Pompeo requesting documents on Trump contacts with Putin
Top GOPer on Hse Judiciary Cmte Collins: We don’t even know what the Mueller report says, but Democrats are already hedging their bets.
Reading between the lines here..Probe by Hse Dems into Trump Administration is significant. But part of the focus is also on Hse Dems. Some liberal House Democrats want to push for impeachment. This is a way to keep liberal Dems at bay over impeachment for the time being
Hse Judiciary Cmte Dems unveil probe into alleged obstruction of justice by Trump Admin. Document requests to 81 agencies
WH’s Sanders on various requests by Hse Judiciary Cmte for documents: “The House Judiciary Committee’s letter has been received by the White House.  The Counsel’s Office and relevant White House officials will review it and respond at the appropriate time.”
What Sen Paul’s decision to oppose Trump’s national emergency means for action on Capitol Hill https://t.co/pByMW3sLvU
Senate Foreign Relations Committee receives closed briefing today on the status of the Magnitsky investigation related to the Khashoggi murder.
15) Prior to '16, the last 3 successful overrides came on bills vetoed by Bush43. Hse/Senate overrode the President’s veto on two versions of the Farm bill in May and June of 2008. The House and Senate then overrode Mr. Bush’s veto of a Medicare expansion plan in July, 2008.
14) The Senate voted 97-1 to override Obama (66 voted were needed). The House voted 348-77 with one lawmaker voting president. 284 yeas were needed for the override.
13) The last successful veto override came in Sept '16. Obama vetoed the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. The measure allowed families of 9/11 victims to sue those responsible or the attacks, including Saudi Arabia.
12) The vote to override is based on how many lawmakers ACTUALLY TAKE PART IN THE OVERRIDE ATTEMPT, not on how many members voted on the bill when it passed both bodies. So, determining a PRECISE number is impossible until the veto override vote is actually concluded.
11) It’s possible there could not be an attempt to override. The last unsuccessful attempt to override a veto came in January, 2016. President Obama vetoed a Republican effort to repeal and replace Obamacare. The House voted 241-186, well short of the 285 yeas needed to override.
10) We are not expecting a successful override of a prospective veto of the national emergency. The math simply isn’t there.
9) Successful veto overrides are rare. Requires 2/3 vote by both bodies of Congress. 67 votes in the Senate, provided all 100 sens cast ballots. 427 Hse mbrs  cast ballots on the bill to block nat'l emergency last week. So the yardstick there is 285 yeas. 245 members voted yea
8) President Obama vetoed his first piece of legislation after only 11 months on the job. President George W. Bush never vetoed a bill until he was in office for five-and-a-half years. President Bill Clinton didn’t use a veto until two-and-a-half years into his presidency.
7) If the Senate approves the package, the House and Senate are in alignment and the package goes to President Trump. This likely begs Mr. Trump’s first use of a veto.
6) A vote to overturn the resolution is yet another example of Senate GOP dissension when it comes to Trump. GOP senators have broken w/Trump on Saudi Arabia, cancellation of some Russian sanctions &amp; speedy withdrawal from Syria. Were close to breaking w/Trump on shutdown
5) Fox is told to keep an eye on March 14 for the Senate to handle bill to overturn national emergency in the Senate. Fox is also told the Senate would likely work out an arrangement to handle the issue in one day. The statute provides for up to three days of debate in the Senate
4) Also keep an eye on Sens. Lamar Alexander (R-TN), Mitt Romney (R-UT), Cory Gardner (R-CO) and perhaps Mike Lee (R-UT). Others could be in play as well. Pay particular attention to appropriators.
3) Paul becomes the fourth Republican senator to support the effort to reject the national emergency. Others are Sens. Susan Collins (R-ME), Thom Tillis (R-NC) and Lisa Murkowski (R-AK). The first two face competitive re-election bids next year.
2) The Senate math is currently 53 Republicans and 47 senators who caucus with the Democrats. All 47 Democrats are expected to vote in favor of the resolution, including Sen. Joe Manchin (D-WV).
1) Decision by GOP KY Sen Paul to vote in favor of blocking Trump’s national emergency declaration for the border sets two things in motion: 		A) All but guarantees passage of the resolution overturning the declaration in the Senate. 	B) Tees up President Trump’s 1st veto effort
Decision by GOP KY Sen Paul to vote to block Trump’s national emergency tees up likely 1st Trump veto. Takes 2/3 vote of both bodies to override. 67 in Senate. 285 in Hse based on 427 who voted last wk. Hse was 40	votes shy of necessary votes to override
GOP KY Sen Rand Paul becomes fourth Republican senator to oppose Trump’s national emergeny for the border wall. He joins GOP Sens Collins, Tillis &amp; Murkowski in planning to vote to block it. Virtually assures passage as all 47 Dems are expected to vote aye https://t.co/x9GtycgX9N
Trump tweet: For..Democrats to interview in open hearings a convicted liar &amp; fraudster, at the same time as the very important Nuclear Summit w/NKorea, is perhaps a new low in American politics &amp; may have contributed to the “walk.” Never done when a president is overseas. Shame!
When insiders became outsiders on Capitol Hil https://t.co/5SH9kJFboi
How lawmakers may try to backfill money for the military once President Trump uses some funds for the border national emergency https://t.co/ML3gwfhnMq
Pelosi spox Ashley Etienne on Trump's tax returns: We will take all necessary steps, including litigation, if necessary, to obtain them. Given President Trump’s recalcitrance, the cmtes with jurisdictional &amp; legislative equities are working..o present the strongest possible case
https://t.co/4R9n9LOY3J
How Republicans are making things tough for House Democrats  https://t.co/FblzBidyyb
16) Hse GOPers would revolt if Dems revoked the MTR, curbing what little power the minority has in the Hse Yet ironically, many House Republicans want to curb the power of the minority in the Senate (where Republicans hold the majority) and eliminate the filibuster.
15) “A yes vote is to give leverage to the other side,” said Pelosi. “To surrender leverage on the floor of the House.”		McCarthy suggests that changing the MTR rule would be a “nuclear option.”		“It would leave a stain on this majority,” said McCarthy,
14) Pelosi insists that Democrats should oppose motions to recommit as a matter of policy. Other Democrats believe leaders should give vulnerable Democrats more latitude. There is some chatter that Democrats could try to change the MTR rule.
13) GOP prevailed a few weeks ago, tacking on provisions via a MTR condemning anti-Semitism to a measure designed to halt US action in Yemen. This wk, a GOP MTR added language requiring ICE be told about undocumented persons purchasing weapons to a background check bill.
12) Dems lost Hse in '10 midterms. In the minority, Dems  were never quite as wily with their MTR’s at the GOP. But MTR’s are again an issue since GOPers are back in the minority. We’re not two months into the new Congress and the GOP has already prevailed on two MTR’s on the flr
11) In the succeeding months, GOPers successfully deployed MTR’s against majority Democrats on the so-called “cash for caulkers” bill. The legislation would help people weatherize their homes and install energy efficient windows. Another GOP MTR gutted a science measure.
10) Mindful that their lawmakers could face exposure to these ads, the Democratic leadership yanked the District of Columbia bill off the House floor. The bill to increase the size of the House and grant a vote to Washington, DC never went to a vote – despite debate on the floor.
9) By writing a controversial motion to recommit, GOPers generated a tally where they could document where certain Dems from vulnerable districts might vote against the right to bear arms. Republicans would then prep election ads to portray those Democrats as opposing 2nd Amdt
8) If those gun-friendly Democrats voted with the Republicans, the MTR blew up the Washington, DC bill. If Republicans were successful in goading those same Democrats into voting with the leadership, watch out come election time.
7) The MTR made many conservative, pro-Second Amendment Democrats jumpy. In that instance, those Democrats had to choose to vote with the Republicans and the firearms proposal or against the philosophies of their districts and side with leadership.
6) The best example came in March, 2007. Lawmakers debated a measure to award the District of Columbia a seat in the House. Republicans concocted a motion to recommit which would repeal Washington, DC’s ban on handguns. The MTR was germane because the bill dealt with DC
5) But seeing an opportunity, GOPers began crafting artful MTR’s, crafted in a way to put the squeeze on vulnerable Dems. Dems took pains to protect new mbrs &amp; leaders granted them leeway to vote against MTR's. This created havoc for Dems even though they were in the majority.
4) Most MTR’s resulted in party-line votes until 2007. That’s when Democrats again won control of the House after 12 years in the wilderness. Democrats captured the House with victories by moderate Democrats in battleground districts in the 2006 midterm elections.
3) At the end of most Hse debates, just before final passage, the majority provides the minority a parliamentary option, which, depending on how it’s drafted, could either change or possibly kill bills. In its purist form, a MTR is just that: an effort to “recommit” bills to cmte
2) The parliamentary gambit is called the “Motion to Recommit,” or MTR as it’s known in Congressional shorthand. MTR’s must be “germane” and tied directly to the legislation at hand. 		In short, the bill can’t deal with dogs and the MTR focus on cats.
1) GOP creating mischief for Hse Dems using a standard, garden-variety procedural tool to goad Democrats into taking challenging votes on the floor – or risk either defeating or altering legislation which is on the verge of passing.
Schiff after closed door Cohen hrng. Says Cohen was "cooperative." Noted that this has been "excruciating" for Cohen. Says "none of the questions we had for him went unanswered."
Cohen as he leaves the Hse Intel Cmte after closed door session: I am committed to telling the truth. I will be back in March 6 to finish up. There is more to discuss. Thank you guys so much. Sorry you had to wait all day.
Cohen completes his third day of testimony on Capitol Hill. Today was a closed door meeting with the House Intelligence Committee
GOP FL Sen Scott on if Trump's border emergency could wind up costing FL military money: I don’t want Florida to lose any money. Where is that money going to come from?..I’m on Armed Services and I’m going to make sure that our military bases fulfill duty to the country.
From colleague Caroline McKee. GOP FL Sen Scott on GOP Rep Gaetz tweet about Cohen: It is embarrassing and we shouldn’t be doing that stuff up here. You shouldn’t be trying to intimidate them. It’s wrong and disgusting and I’m glad he apologized.
GOP OH Rep Chabot who once represented Otto Warmbier &amp; Trump not discussing Warmbier's death with Kim: If I were president and I had been there would probably would have been the first thing.
Cohen counsel Lanny Davis on Jordan/Meadows criminal referral for CohenL Mr. Cohen testified truthfully before the House Oversight Committee. He took full responsibility for his guilty pleas. He also backed up much of his testimony with documents.
Fox confirms GOP NC Rep Meadows/Dem MI Rep Tlaib hugged on the Hse flr &amp; chatted after a verbal fight between the 2 at the Wednesday Cohen hearing. Meadows approached Tlaib on flr &amp; offered his hand to shake. They then hugged
Jordan/Meadows argue Cohen committed perjury at hrng. Send criminal referral to DoJ. "Mr. Cohen's testimony before the Committee..on February 27, 2019 was a spectacular and brazen attempt to knowing and willfully testify falsely and fictitiously to numerous material facts"
GOP TN Sen Alexander on flr. Says he located money Trump could use for border wall w/o emergency. Is worried about separation of pwr. "The next president can declare a nat'l emergency &amp; tear the wall down…there's no limit to imagination to what next left-wing president could do"
McCarthy stands behind Trump after Cohen hearing:	What we have heard doesn’t give me any pause about this President		McCarthy on the Democrats goal of the Cohen hearing:	They are doing exactly what they said before the election. To impeach the President
McCarthy on Cohen:	I even have more questions now		McCarthy on House Intelligence Committee Chairman Adam Schiff (D-CA) on Cohen:	Adam Schiff set that standard that Devin Nunes should recuse himself. I think that Adam Schiff has met that standard
McCarthy on Democrats considering changes to the procedural vote afforded the minority. McCarthy on possible changes:	Democrats want to rig the rules..Changes to the rules would be the nuclear option..It would leave a stain on this majority just two months in
Grijalva on GOP adjourning climate change hrng: They can do it within the rules. They can break the protocol..That's fine..they think they got away with something. Well... we got a long two years ahead of us..hey can go ahead and do that but we are ready for it.
House Natural Resources Cmte Chair Grijalva calls move by Gohmert to adjourn climate change hearing a "cheap trick." Adds there are "consequences to breaking these protocols." But GOP had more votes than Dems. So they vote went against Dems
Grijalva on GOP adjourning climate hearing because Dems lacked the votes: "When we were in the minority, we never moved to close a meeting. Even if we did not agree with the testimony that was being given. And they did not agree with the testimony and they did not want to hear it
Natural Resources Cmte Chair Grijalva says GOP broke "protocol and civility" by moving to adjourn climate hrng when GOPers outnumbered Dems. Calls it "a gotcha trick..a cheap trick. And we will prepared be for it..everybody will be there."
Schiff: President Trump’s decision to walk away from the summit w/NKorea without an agreement was preferable to making a bad deal.  It was also the inevitable result of the President’s misplaced faith in his personal relationship with the North Korean dictator, Kim Jong Un
GOP OH Sen Portman: I think you just have to be cognizant of the nature of this regime in terms of North Korea and not be naive about what their actions have been.the mistreatment of Otto Warmbier was..unforgivable..that needs to be part of the agenda.
From colleague Jason Donner. GOP OH Sen Portman on fmr constituent Otto Warmbier &amp; Trump not discussing Warmbier w/Kim: We shouldn't be naive about this regime and about the way they mistreat their own people. And certainly the way they mistreated Otto Warmbier.
Top Dem on Senate Foreign Rltns Cmte Menendez on NKorea summit: 	Amateur hour with nuclear weapons at stake...The type of TV drama isn't ultimately make for good diplomacy..we've given up a lot in this process gotten virtually nothing in return. And that's a real concern.
Foreign Rltns Cmte Chair Risch on NKorea summit: I believe additional progress has been made this week. Unfortunately..Kim remains unwilling to present an acceptable denuclearization offer to the president. I applaud President Trump for rejecting North Korea’s limited offer
Senate votes 52-47 to confirm Andrew Wheeler as EPA Administrator
Pelosi on if Democrats shouldn’t vote no from time to time to distance them from leadership:	There’s plenty of time for them to vote no on other things
Pelosi:	I think we should just vote no against all motions to recommit		Pelosi in GOPers engineering tough votes to make Democrats squirm:	It’s a gotcha votes..It gives leverage to the other side. Just vote no
Pelosi on perhaps changing rules to protect Democrats when GOPers try to make them take a tough vote. GOP says it will grind legislation to a halt if Democrats change the rules:	I don’t know they have the power to do that. The power of the Speaker is awesome
Pelosi on getting gun bills through the Senate:	I think public sentiment is going to play..I think the public is tired of moments of silence
Pelosi on gun legislation and their chances to get 60 votes in the Senate:	90 percent of the American people support background checks
Pelosi on impeachment:	Once the facts are known, we’ll make a judgment then
Pelosi on if Cohen testimony revealed an impeachable offense:	I’m not going into that. I’m not going into that...Impeachcment is a divisive issue in our country
Pelosi on Trump not discussing Warmbier at summit:	The President has believed Putin rather thank his inteligence services..It’s strange.
Pelosi on summit:	I guess it took him two meetings to realize Kim Jong-un is not the level..it’s good the President would not give him anything		Pelosi on summit:	I’m glad that the president walked away frm that..the prospects seemed dim
Dem OH Sen Brown on Trump not discussing Otto Warmbier w/Kim Jung-un: It sends a message to dictators..that he believes autocrats when they when they lie or when they cover up or when they justify policies that then result in the deaths of innocent human beings
Dem OH Sen Brown on NKorea &amp; OH native Otto Warmbier: The president seems to gravitate towards autocrats..you never should go meet with the North Korean dictator without bringing up the name of Otto Warmbier and bring up the whole issue of human rights
Graham on Hanoi summit: It’s better to walk away than sign a bad deal..I am encouraged that there are plans to continue talking. We must not go back to the status quo. If negotiations fail, it would be time to end the nuclear threat from North Korea – one way or the other.
Blumenthal: I regret that no progress has been made on denuclearizing North Korea. My hope is that we  avoided any damaging concessions secretly in these talks because the president is prone to making these concessions, but I regret that there has been no progress
Hirono on Trump &amp; summit: He seems to have a very odd affinity toward dictators..I think there is some kind of psychological thing going on that I don’t want to get into but it’s very odd and I think it’s misplaced.
Dem HI Sen Hirono on Trump/NKorea: He went into the meeting thinking that the same kind of flattery that works on him would work on Kim Jong-un and it doesn’t. So I’d say, diplomacy by narcissism doesn’t work and we need to prepare.
GOP Sen Rounds on no deal w/NKorea: In the art of the deal you’ll find that you never can want something so badly that you’re willing  to take whatever the other side offers. You still have to have some good common sense and Ronald Reagan used to say “Trust but Verify”
From colleague Jason Donner. Sen Mike Rounds (R-SD) on Hanoi summit: I think the president had to decide if whether he could get what he needed or to walk away and part of the art of making the deal is to know when to walk away.
McConnell: Kim Jong Un now has a long train ride home, and he will have time to reflect on the future that is still within North Korea’s grasp. But the president has demonstrated that such a future must be accompanied by real de-nuclearization.
McConnell: High-level diplomacy can carry high-level risks, but the president is to be commended for walking away when it became clear insufficient progress had been made on de-nuclearization.
McConnell: The president has gone the extra mile to demonstrate his sincerity in wanting to resolve this issue. It was smart to bring Kim Jong Un to Singapore and Vietnam, to expose the North Korean delegation to the kind of economic prosperity that could be possible
McConnell: The president should be commended for his personal commitment to persuading Kim Jong Un to pursue a different path. By January 2017, it was clear the prior administration’s so-called policy of ‘strategic patience’ had not worked.
GOP Sen Collins, Dem Sen Udall prep Joint Resolution block Trump’s national emergency declaration
Cohen arrives for third appearance this wk on CapHill. Closed hearing today with House Intel Cmte
Senate to vote today to confirm Andrew Wheeler as EPA Administrator
Senate Homeland Security Cmte hrng titled “China's impact on the United States education system.”
Senate Armed Svcs Cmte hrng today on nuclear posture. Comes just as Trump completes his mtg w/North Korean ldr Kim Jung-un
Hse Judiciary Cmte hrng today on the National Emergencies Act of 1976.
Hse hearing today titled “We'll Always Have Paris: Filling the Leadership Void Caused by Federal Inaction on Climate Change.”
Michael Cohen back on CapHill this morning for third consecutive day. This time, behind closed doors with House Intel Cmte
DCCC fundraising off Cohen hearing in Pelosi's name. DCCC fundraising email subject line simply reads "Michael Cohen" &amp; is sent in Pelosi's name. Says "What we witnessed today should alarm us all." When asked earlier, Pelosi said she hadn't heard "a word" of the Cohen hearing.
Senate done for the night. Sets up 12:30 pm et Thursday confirmation vote on Andrew Wheeler to be EPA Administrator
Jordan on Fox on Cohen hrng: Frankly they should have honored the request that Congressman Meadows and I had to the Chairman which was-- why not bring Rod Rosenstein in.
TOp GOPer on Hse Oversight Cmte  Jordan on Fox on Cohen hrng: There was no new news. I think as one of my colleagues said-- 'No new news but some fake news.' So I don't think there's anything here-- there's nothing new.
Jordan on Fox on Cohen hrng: Mr. Cummings said the scope so limited-- Mr. Cummings said just things he thought members should be able to ask about frankly I think they were designed to be things Mr. Cummings thought were going to be embarrassing to the President.
TOP GOPer on Hse Oversight Cmte Jordan on Fox: I do think was going on today was I think this was the first step in the Democrats crazy impeachment plans.
Cummings:	Not one person on our side, not one, mentioned impeachment
Cummings on if President Trump committed a crime:	Looking at the checks and listening to Mr. Cohen, it appears that he did
Cummings says he spoke to House Intelligence Committee Chairman Adam Schiff (D-CA) about tomorrow’s Cohen session:	There are a number of things he’s going to be able to use for his hearing from our hearing
Cummings:	I would rather have no hearing than a hearing that interfered with Mueller
Cummings after the Cohen hearing:	I think there are still a number of shoes to drop
Cummings on Cohen:	A lightbulb went off in his head and he said I’m going the wrong way…I think he’s remorseful		Cummings on what he told Cohen before testifying:	If you come in here and you lie..and these were my exact words, I will nail you to the cross
Cummings on Cohen:	I thought he brought a lot to the table. He told of the Donald Trump he knows..I believe he told the truth
Cummings after Cohen hearing: 	We have to be effective and efficient in everything we do…and that means we have to have civility
Cummings after Cohen hearing: Over the past two years, there hasn’t been accountability..The Constitution says we are about a check on the executive branch. That’s what this was all about
Cummings after Cohen hearing: Today was a very important day. I told my staff, 200 years from now, people will be talking about this moment..we have a situation where we have strayed so far away from normal in our country..I think today was at least an opportunity to do that
Cohen after the hearing. He briefly says he hopes it will help "heal America."
Cummings gavels Cohen hearing to a close. Angrily shouts "We have got to get back to normal!"
Cohen says Trump's behavior is "churlish." Criticizes Trump for government shutdown.
Cohen says that if Trump loses 2020 election, he doubts there will be a "peaceful transition of power."
Cohen hearing resuming momentarily before House Oversight Cmte
Freshman Dem ME Rep Golden on his no vote for universal background checks: Maine isn’t Chicago, Washington, or New York. For many of my constituents, access to firearms is a necessary part of daily life and we have a tradition of responsible gun ownership.
Hse ok'd universal background checks bill 240-190. 8 GOP yeas. Buchanan, Diaz-Balart, Fitzpatrick, Hurd, KingNY, Mast SmithNJ &amp; Upton. 2 Dem noes: Golden &amp; Peterson
Cohen hearing now to resume at 4:15 pm et
House approves bill to expand background checks for firearms		The vote was 240 to 190	 	8 Republicans voted yea		2 Democrats voted no
Cohen hearing expected to resume at 4:08 pm et
House now voting on bill to expand background checks for firearms
Non-voting delegate to Congress from USVI Plaskett on Gaetz: I think at the very least there should be a referral to the Ethics Cmte of witness intimidation or tampering under USC 1512 of my colleague Matt Gaetz and it may be possibly him being referred for criminal prosecution
Non-voting delegate to Congress Plaskett to Cohen: I want to apologize for the inappropriate comments and tweets that have been made by other members of this body
Trump campaign: Michael Cohen is a felon, a disbarred lawyer, and a convicted perjurer, who lied to both Congress and the Special Counsel in a ‘deliberate and premeditated’ fashion according to the Special Counsel’s Office..Why did they even bother to swear him in this time?
Pelosi on if Cohen hearing helps set up impeachment:	I spent the morning at Howard University. I didn’t see one word of the hearing…I haven’t been briefed..I have more concern about the bad policies of Donald Trump
Pelosi says she hasn’t seen “one word” of the Cohen hearing. Hoyer says Dems would have to “wait for the Mueller report” to see if today’s hearing would tee up impeachment
Non-voting Del to Hse from USVI Plaskett says it should be up to Dem ldrs to refer Gaetz to Ethics Cmte. Won't do so herself. “This has not gone unnoticed by members. I think it’s chilling.”
Just before the hearing recess, Del. Stacey Plaskett (D-VI), the non-voting delegate to Congress from the U.S. Virgin Islands, suggests that Rep. Matt Gaetz (R-FL) should be referred to the House Ethics Committee for his tweet Cohen &amp; could face criminal jeopary
Cohen hearing recesses as members got to the floor for vote series on background checks on guns. Cmte probably won't start again for about an hour or more.
House flr vote series starting now. Expect Cohen hearing to recess shortly so mbrs can get to the flr to vote. Final vote in series will be on passing expanded background check measure for firearms. Then Cohen hearing will resume
Vote series on the Hse flr on background checks for guns should start around 2:30 pm et. 4 votes likely in series. Last one is on on final passage for expanded background checks. Cmte will likely break a few minutes into vote series..&amp; start again 30 minutes from end of last vote
Senate Intel Cmte Chair Burr asks if Cohen has “any proof” of allegations about Stone call with Trump. “Notes? Times? Dates? Calendars? Phone logs?" Burr on if he heard anything inconsistent with what Cohen told Intel Cmte Tues: (Burr pauses) "I’m not going to talk about that"
Cummings says Cohen hearing will recess for vote series on the House floor and reconvene "30 minutes after the last vote begins." At least 4 votes in the series, one on final passage on Dem bill to expand background checks for firearms
Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-CA), the top Democrat on the Judiciary Committee on if she’s watching the Cohen hearing:	It’s on, but I’m doing other things. I think he has a credibility problem.
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Lindsey Graham (R-SC) on Cohen testimony:	If you’re trying to hide a crime, you probably wouldn’t write a check.
Senate votes to break filibuster on nomination of Andrew Wheeler to be EPA Administrator, 52-46
GOP ME Sen Collins to oppose Andrew Wheeler for EPA Admin: I believe that Mr. Wheeler, unlike Scott Pruitt, understands the mission of the EPA and acts in accordance with ethical standards; however, the policies he has supported..are not in the best interest of our environment
Graham on Cohen hrng: I think it’s poor form to have it while the president is literally talking with Kim Jong un about giving up his nuclear weapons program. If we had done something like this, people in the media business would be pretty outraged for good reason.
Senate now voting to end debate on nomination of Andrew Wheeler to become EPA Administrator
Dem MA Rep Lynch to Cohen: I don’t think my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are afraid that you are going to lie. I think they are afraid that you are going to tell the truth
Dem VA Rep &amp; Oversight Cmte mbr Connolly on Cohen: I think hes a pretty credible witness and I think the Republicans look a little desperate in trying to discredit him
House now debating bill to expand background checks for firearms
Cohen hearing beginning again before House Oversight Committee
Cohen calls himself a "fool" at Hse Oversight hrng when asked to describe himself by GOP KY Rep James Comer
Break in the Oversight Cmte hearing with Cohen
GOP FL Rep Gaetz has apologized &amp; deleted his tweet about Michael Cohen. But Gaetz was standing his ground last night https://t.co/BNtB4Gt5GH
Cohen on Trump: Since taking office, he has become the worst version of himself.
Cohen: Being around Mr. Trump was intoxicating..I wound up touting the Trump narrative for over a decade..it monopolized my life
Cohen: It seems unbelievable I was so mesmerized by Donald Trump..
GOP SC Rep Norman on Cohen; "This guy hasn’t been truthful on anything. so were going try for 4 hours try to interview someone who's going to jail.
Graham: A new low for House Democrats: holding hearings with Michael Cohen while President Trump negotiates with North Korea about giving up their nuclear arsenal. Democrats’ hatred of Trump is undercutting an important foreign policy effort and is way out of line.
Cohen says he "regrets" he helped Trump. Says he is "ashamed of my own failings, my weakness and misplaced loyalty." Says he understands some mbrs of cmte will attempt to question his credibility. Says Trump is "a racist, a conman and he is a cheat."
Cummings now searing-in Cohen for hearing.
Jordan says the Cohen hearing is so Democrats “can start their impeachment process.”
Jordan says "the only questions which can be asked are ones which would do damage to the President of the United States."
Jordan upbraids Cummings for holding hearing with Cohen. Says that the hearing was orchestrated by Cohen's attorney, Lanny Davis. Says Cummings "stacked the deck against us."
At Cohen hearing, Cummings says “the days of this committee protecting the President at all costs are over.”
Cohen appearing before House Oversight Cmte at this hour
Gaetz deletes tweet about Cohen. Says “While it is important 2 create context around the testimony of liars like Michael Cohen, it was NOT my intent to threaten, as some believe I did. I’m deleting the tweet &amp; I should have chosen words that better showed my intent. I’m sorry.”
Trump tweet: Michael Cohen was one of many lawyers who represented me (unfortunately)..he was just disbarred by the State Supreme Court for lying &amp; fraud. He did bad things unrelated to Trump. He is lying in order to reduce his prison time. Using Crooked’s lawyer!
Trump tweet: I have now spent more time in Vietnam than Da Nang Dick Blumenthal, the third rate Senator from CT (how is CT doing?). His war stories of his heroism in Vietnam were a total fraud - he was never even there. We talked about it today with Vietnamese leaders!
Hse hrng today on US trade with China
Hse Foreign Affairs Committee hearing today entitled “The Trump Administration’s Foreign Policy: A Mid-Term Assessment”
Hse Armed Svcs Cmte hrng today on “Transgender Service in the Military Policy”
Expect discussion on tariffs as Ag Sec Sonny Perdue appears before Hse Agriculture Cmte today
Senate hrng today on the Budget Control Act &amp; sequestration caps
Senate hrng todwy on protecting the electric grid from an electromagnetic pulse or geomagnetic disturbance.
House today to debate &amp; vote on expanded background checks measure today
Michael Cohen to appear before Hse Oversight Cmte today in public session. Hearing likely to last all day
GOP LA Sen Kennedy on discussion GOP senators had with Pence about nat’l emergency: We talked about the constitutional basis we talked about the issue of Madisonian separation of powers. We talked about the factual basis..nd people raised concerns. People affirmed their support
Pergram to Gaetz on his tweet about Cohen: What do you say to fellow members who criticize your tweet crossed a line?  		Gaetz: I get criticism regularly from my colleagues in the Congress
Gaetz on his tweet about Cohen: It has nothing to do with the legitimacy or the illegitimacy of anyone’s extra marital affairs. The question is whether or not someone is honest and truthful and whether or not we can believe them
Pergram to Gaetz on Cohen tweet: What would you say to those who said that tweet went too far? That it was threatening—someone described it as mob-like tactics.		Gaetz: There is no effort to threaten Cohen but of course we need to test witnesses.
Pergram to Gaetz on his tweet about Cohen: Do you know something that we don’t know?	Gaetz: Let's watch the hearing tomorrow and determine what we can find out with rigorous questioning—that is what the institution is intended to do.
Gaetz on why he sent the controversial tweet about Cohen: My objective is to figure out whether or not he lied to the people closest to him and I think that says a lot about his veracity and his character.
After Gaetz tweet about Cohen, Pelosi is urging the Ethics Cmte to watch social media accounts, to see if lawmakers could be preventing cmtes from getting testimony to do proper oversight.
Cohen atty Lanny Davis on Gaetz tweet about Cohen: I also trust that his constituents will not appreciate that their congressman has set a new low — which in today’s political culture is hard to imagine as possible.
Cohen atty Lanny Davis on Gaetz: We will not respond to Mr. Gaetz’s despicable lies and personal smears, except to say we trust that his colleagues in the House, both Republicans and Democrats, will repudiate his words and his conduct.
Cohen as he leaves Senate Intel Cmte: At this time I really appreciate the opportunity that was given to me to clear the record, and to tell the truth. And I look forward to..and I'm going to let the American people decide exactly who is telling the truth.
Gaetz on Hse flr on Couen: This is someone who has tangled such a web of lies that he is not to be believed, and I think it is entirely appropriate for any member of this body to challenge the truthfulness and veracity, and character for the people who have a history of lies
GOP FL Rep Gaetz on Hse flr on Cohen: It will be relevant for us to determine..like does he lie to his own family? Does he lie to his financiers? does he lie to his financiers who are members of his family?
13 GOP yeas to overturn Trump nat’l emergency: Amash Fitzpatrick Gallagher HerreraBeutler Hurd JohnsonSD Massie McMorrisRodgers Rooney Sensenbrenner Stefanik Upton Walden
Closed door Senate Intel Cmte finishes all day mtg w/Michael Cohen
Hse ok’s measure to overturn Trump’s nat’l emergency. But a successful veto override needs a 2/3 vote by both bodies of Congress.	 	With 427 voting, that means the House needed 285 yeas to have a veto-proof margin on this legislation. So the House fell 40 votes short of that goal
The House has voted to overturn President Trump’s declaration of a national emergency for the border.	 	The vote was 245-182	 	All Democrats voted yea.	 	They were joined by 13 Republicans.
Four GOP yeas on the bord to oveturn Trump’s national emergency. Stefanik, Rooney, JohnsonSD &amp; Amash
House now voting on bill to overturn national emergency declaration for the border. We should have a result shortly after 6:30 pm et. Watch to see how many GOPers side with Dems. Unlikely the measure will get close to 2/3, needed to override a threatened presidential veto
House finished with debate on measure to overturn Trump's national emergency. Vote coming within the hour.
Two Senate votes slated now. Confirmation of Eric Miller, to be Judge for the Ninth Circuit. Then vote to end debate on nomination of Michael  Desmond, to be Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service
GOP NC Sen Tillis worries how a future president may use nat'l emergencies for their priorities. "Based on all the information I have, the past precedents, I’m likely to support the resolution of disapproval."
Trump threatening veto on measure to overturn border emergency declaration. Trump has never used his veto. Obama 1st used his veto 11 months into his presidency. Bush43 took 5.5 yrs to 1st use his veto. Clinton's 1st veto came 2.5 yrs into his presidency
Graham: The only thing being manufactured is Democrats arguing there is no crisis at the border.  Why?  They don’t want to recognize Trump as the legitimate president. Democrats’ refusal to acknowledge the problems and crisis at our southern border is pure political hypocrisy.
Graham on Pence at Senate GOP lunch today: The Vice President made a compelling case that the border crisis is real and President Trump has both the authority and legal backing to declare a national emergency.
Meadows slams Dems on Hse flr. Says they have "new-found Constitutionalists across the aisle" opposing Trump's national emergency for the border. Says Dems just want to attack Trump.
House now debating bill to overturn national emergency declaration for the border
Schumer on how many Republicans will vote to terminate national emergency:	We only need one more..we know there will be pressure put upon them..I am hopeful we will have a significant number
Schumer doesn’t directly answer question on if all Democrats will vote present on Green New Deal as they did on Medicare for all in 2017, but slightly tips his hand:	We’re not going to participate in a sham
Schumer on Green New Deal vote:	It’s just a diversion and a sham..what are you going to do about climate change
Schumer says Republicans are “worried” about vote to terminate national emergency &amp; says there could be a “significant” number of Republicans who vote yes
1) All 12 spending bills are capped due to sequestration. Appropriators just can't go in and add other money into the bills to make up the difference from money taken from the border wall. But they can dip into OCO, an off-budget account which is not counted against sequestration
From colleague Jared Halpern. Apps Cmte Chair Shelby on plans to take money from Military Construction for the wall: I predict there’d be no trouble in the appropriations committee to backfill, make sure there’s no cut, ultimately, to military construction.
Manchin will support terminating the nat’l emergency because it bypasses Congress’s power of the purse. He cited late Senate MajLdr Robert Byrd who was defender of Congressional prerogatives. 	Manchin:	Can you imagine me holding the seat of Robert Byrd opposing it?
Schumer on President Trump declaring national emergency:	The President is defacing the Constitution for his own personal gain..I can understand why McConnell said they had a robust debate. They’re worried about it
McConnell on how the vote to terminate the border national emergency:	I couldn’t handicap the outcome. But we will be voting on it		McConnell on if he believes the national emergency declaration is lawful:	We’re in the process of weighing it..
McConnell on discussion with Vice President Pence on the national emergency declaration:	We had a fulsome discussion..It dominated the entire discussion..My members were extremely interested in the subject
McConnell on resolution to terminate the national emergency:	It’s privileged. It will come up		McConnell on resolution to terminate the national emergency:	It will come up before the next recess period
McConnell promises vote on measure to terminate national emergency in the coming weeks. Says he won’t “handicap” the outcome of the vote
Sen. Joni Ernst (R-IA) on efforts to get a trade deal with China:	Talking with my soybean producers, it does keep them up late at night
McConnell on Green New Deal:	Our friends on the other side seem to be reluctant to vote on a Green New Deal..ifthis is such a popular thing to do, why would anyone want to dodge the vote?..It’s a debate we’ll likely have sometime before the August break
Dem Caucus Chair Jeffries on Trump’s bordernnat’l emergency: The president is behaving like a king which is inconsistent with what the founding fathers had in mind. The resolution of disapproval with respect to the president's fake crisis is what we're focused on right now
Hse Sem Caucus Chair Jeffries on Trump’s nat’l emergency declaration: President Trump has more stories than Harry Potter and they’re all make believe.
WH issues prospective veto threat on measure to overturn national emergency. Trump has not yet vetoed a bill in his presidency
Schumer: If the Trump Administration moves forward with this fake climate panel, we will be introducing legislation to defund it..It is long past time for President Trump and Republican leaders to admit that climate change is real
Hse Natural Resources Cmte Chair Grijlalva on if he plans to bring fmr Interior Sec Zinke: That's the plan but there's a complication now. The complication being the grand jury, which is beyond the reach of what we're trying to do.
Dem TX Rep Castro  on measure to terminate border nat'l emergency: The President is probably going to veto this bill and it's an uphill climb for any veto not just this one. We're challenging him.
A discussion on efforts to make permanent a fund to cover the health care costs of 9/11 first responders https://t.co/HfC6fxL4BN
Fox confirms that GOP AK Sen Murkowski will support a resolution to terminate Trump’s nat'l emergency for the border. This virtually assures that the measure will pass the Senate if/when it comes up if Dems stick together …after it passes the Hse later today (which is expected)
Dem RI Rep Cicilline &amp; Dem TX Rep Doggett introduce bill to require Mueller probe final report be made available to the public
All Hse Oversight Cmte Dems &amp; GOPers Roy &amp; Amash vote to authorize subpoenas on admin's family separation policy. Cummings: When our own government rips vulnerable children..from the arms of their mothers &amp; fathers with no plan to reunite them, that is gov't-sponsored child abuse
Dem Rep Garamendi/GOP Rep Lamborn to Acting DefSec Shanahan: We fear that reprogramming funding intended for military construction projects and counterdrug activities will come at the expense of troop readiness and Dept-wide efforts to address the military's aging infrastructure
Wyden to pharmaceutical company CEO's: "The number one reason consumers are getting hammered is because list prices you have set...you have the last word with respect to where they are...all this other stuff is window dressing."
Dem Reps. Ro Khanna, Barbara Lee and Andy Kim intro resolution to formally end Korean War
Hoyer on background check bill:	The carnage we have seen perpetrated over the past decade has increased over the past decade..Republicans refused to put any legislation on the floor
Hoyer on if Cohen is credible:	(Laughs)..I think we should all have questions about his credibility...obviously if he lies to Congress he will face substantially more time..I think that makes him much more likely he will tell the truth
Hoyer on the need to soon raise the debt limit:	I’m for doing the debt limit without a deal
Hoyer on re-vote in North Carolina’s 9th Congressional district:	I think they should run the re-election wth the same candidates
Hoyer on fraud in North Carolina’s 9th Congressional district &amp; a new election coming:	The GOP talks about fraud all the time. Maybe they ought to be looking in their own eye, as the Bible tells us..here there is no doubt there was fraud
Hoyer on debt ceiling extension:	I believe the debt limit is a phony issue..I would be for getting rid of the debt limit
Hoyer on vote to end national emergency:	I would bet the Senate passes it
Hoyer on vote to end national emergency:	I think it is Congress’s responsibility to raise and spend money..the President in a direct response said I’m going to spend it anyway..		Hoyer on vote to end national emergency:	This is a vote of principle
Hoyer on measure to overcome national emergency:	I would hope we would get substantial Republican support. If they vote their conscience and for the Constitution, we will
Hoyer on measure to overcome national emergency:	This vote today is about conscience and the Constitution		Hoyer on measure to overcome national emergency:	There is no crisis at the border. However, there is a crisis defending our Constitution
Cornyn on resolution to overturn Trump’s border emergency: I intend to vote against the resolution of disapproval.
McCarthy on Trump &amp; border emergency: The President did everything he could to work with the House and Senate...at the end of the day the president has a responsibility to making sure people are protected
Scalise on measure to overturn Trump’s national emergency: Ultimately we are going to stand with president to make sure we can secure border
House Oversight panel authorizes subpoenas of DHS, DOJ officials over family separation policy
From colleague Jason Donner. Senate Intel Cmte chair Burr when asked what’s the most important thing you can hear today from Michae Cohen: Burr: “Truth”
WH’s Sanders: Disgraced felon Michael Cohen is going to prison for lying to Congress and making other false statements. Sadly, he will go before Congress this week and we can expect more of the same.  It’s laughable that anyone would take a convicted liar like Cohen at his word
Fmr Trump atty Michael Cohen arrives for closed door session with Senate Intel Cmte. First of 3 appearances on CapHill this wk for Cohen
The House will first debate the “rule” which establishes the parameters of debate on the effort to undo the border nat’l emergency. The actual debate on the bill itself won’t unfold until late afternoon.
The House will likely command the support of most if not all Democrats to approve the plan. House Republicans are now working to minimize GOP yeas on the matter.
The measure to overturn Trump’s nat’l emergency is subject to a veto. It is not believed there is a two-thirds vote in either chamber to overcome a prospective presidential veto.
The Senate will not consider the  measure to overturn the nat’l emergency until at least next month at the earliest. Some observers note the law is so tangled that McConnell may not even have to bring it up. Or, he could face pressure from GOPers to bring the plan up regardless
It takes a simple majority for adoption in the House and Senate to oveturn the national emergency. But the President must sign the measure. Although there is a clear majority for passage of the plan in the House, the Senate vote appears to be on the edge.
The provision for the House and Senate to vote to undo the national emergency is built into the National Emergencies Act of 1976 which the President used to go around Congress to secure funding for his border wall.
The House will debate and vote today on a measure to overturn President Trump’s declaration of a national emergency on the border later today. Needs a simple majority for passage. GOP ldrs trying to contain GOP defections.
Senate hrng today with pharmacy company CEO’s on drug pricing
Fed Chair Jerome Powell delivers testimony on monetary policy today to Senate Banking Cmte
Hse to debate/vote this afternoon on measure to overturn Trump national emergency on the border
Michael Cohen to appear behind closed doors today before the Senate Intel Cmte
https://t.co/oEagZmF7yg
Trump tweet:...This will be remembered as one of the most shocking votes in the history of Congress. If there is one thing we should all agree on, it’s protecting the lives of innocent babies.
Trump tweet: Senate Democrats just voted against legislation to prevent the killing of newborn infant children. The Democrat position on abortion is now so extreme that they don’t mind executing babies AFTER birth....
Gillibrand on push to permanently fund pgm to help 9/11 1st responders suffering from rare cancers: “The 9/11 death toll is still growing. 9/11 responders are still suffering..45,000 people are suffering."
Pelosi on measure to overturn Trump’s national emergency: The President’s power grab usurps that Constitutional responsibility and fundamentally violates the balance of power envisioned by our founders.
GOP LA Sen Kennedy on Cohen: Indon't know how you separate fact fact from fiction with Mr. Cohen..he's obviously a very bitter man and he's obviously angry.
Three Dem yeas on effort to end filibuster to start debare on late-term abortion bill: Casey, Jones and Manchin were the Dem yeas. Zero GOP nays. Absences were Cramer, Murkowski &amp; Scott (SC)
Senate fails to break filibuster to start debate on measure to ban late-term abortions. Vote was 53-44. But needed 60 yeas
Clyburn on Dem bill to overturn national emergency: This president must be checked by this Congress...
From colleague Jason Donner. Intel Cmte chair Burr on Cohen appearance Tues: When I see..him out with several guys on Sat night in NY, I don’t think he’s hurting too bad..to testify..they should have been worried about obstruction of a Congressional investigation charge
Senate now taking procedural vote on effort to start debate on bill barring late-term abortions. Needs 60 yeas
House Rules Cmte now mtg to prep measure to overturn Trump’s national emergency for the border &amp; also expanded background check bill for flr action later this wk
House to swear-in its new Clerk, Cheryl Johnson this evening
Senate Foreign Relations Cmte chair Risch schedules classified briefing this wk on Magnitsky sanctions after the death of Khashoggi &amp; briefing on Yemen
Senate to hold procedural vote today to proceed to the “Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act.” Needs 60 yeas.
As Senate comes back to session today, GOP NE Sen Deb Fischer delivers George Washington’s Farewell address on the flr. An annual Senate tradition since the 1890s
Hse/Senate back today after week-plus recess. Hse Rules Cmte preps measure to overturn national emergency for border &amp; background check bill for action later this week
https://t.co/3D8iJfGrw1
19 Hse Dems write to Trump, demanding Labor Secretary Alexander Acosta’s resign over how Acosta handled the Epstein molestation/trafficking case &amp; handled victims rights when he was a US Atty in Florida
Hse Dems to prep measure to overturn national emergency &amp; enhanced background checks for gun bill before Hse Rules Cmte Monday. Both up on Hse flr middle of next week
Hse Dem Cmte chairs to AG Barr: To maintain that a sitting president cannot be indicted &amp; then to withhold evidence of wrongdoing from Congress because the President will not be charged, is to convert Dept policy into the means for a cover-up. The President is not above the law
Top GOPer on Hse Judiciary Cmte Collins: Democrats don’t have the votes to pass a veto-proof resolution to terminate the declared emergency or to amend the National Emergencies Act through the proper democratic process.
Top GOPer on Hse Judiciary Cmte Collins: House Democrats’ angst over Congress’ power of the purse is unwarranted, especially since the commander in chief’s authority to redirect military funds for a national emergency is affirmed in a law passed by their own branch.
Hse Judiciary Cmte to hold hrng on National Emergencies Act of 1976 after Trump declared national emergency over the border. Hearing is Feb 28
NRCC chair Emmer on NC officials calling for new election in NC9: Voter fraud is never acceptable and neither is ballot harvesting. We call on Democrats to join Republicans in rejecting the practice of ballot harvesting in every congressional district in the country.
DCCC chair Bustos: I am proud to stand on the side of Democracy and of fair elections for all Americans. I look forward to joining with countless others in this special election to do the hard work of repairing the harm Mark Harris, and Republicans in North Carolina, have caused
DCCC chair Bustos: What we have seen unfold in North Carolina is an all-out assault on our fundamental American values, and Mark Harris is correct when he said that his actions have undermined North Carolinians’ faith in our election process.
North Carolina election board orders new election in 9th Congressional district. No mbr has been seated after allegations of fraud. Seat had been held by fmr GOP Rep Robert Pittenger
Jordan on Cohen hrng: I have serious process concerns with this hearing..No one should be scared of the truth, but everyone should be scared when the deck is stacked in favor of a liar..I will not stand by quietly while an admitted liar comes before the Committee.
Jordan: I am disappointed and disheartened that Chairman Cummings's first major hearing will feature Michael Cohen as phase one of the Democrats' coordinated campaign to remove the President from office. Giving a platform to Mr. Cohen is beneath the dignity of the Congress
Pelosi on measure to overturn nat’l emergency: The House will move swiftly to pass this bill, reporting it out of committee within 15 calendar days and considering it on the Floor within 3 calendar days following that, pursuant to the NEA.
Pelosi: I write to invite all Members of Congress to cosponsor Congressman Joaquin Castro’s privileged resolution (text attached) to terminate this emergency declaration using the termination mechanism within the National Emergencies Act (NEA), which will be introduced Friday.
Hse Oversight Cmte reschedules appearance by Michael Cohen for Feb 27. Cummings: “Congress has an obligation under the Constitution to conduct independent and robust oversight of the Executive Branch, and this hearing is one step in that process.”
Tonight on Jeopardy! The question is “Who is Sen. John McCain (R-AZ)?” https://t.co/26P2f2SEA3
USCP: At 7:00 p.m. today..USCP officers will be conducting a training exercise utilizing visible ballistic vests and field helmets. As part of this exercise, small groups of USCP officers may be seen running to multiple locations and maintaining tactical formation
Pelosi: Now more than ever, we need NATO as we go forward because the challenges are more complicated, than a bipolar relationship with the Soviet Union, now much more diverse and therefore the friendships that we have are much more important.
Jordan/Meadows letter to Cummings: Michael Cohen's crimes of deception for personal greed &amp; ambition..Cohen may benefit personally from spreading innuendo &amp; gossip, but a partisan media circus designed solely to attack the President is of no benefit to the Cmte..
Hse Subcommittee on Elections holding a field hrng today on voting rights &amp; election administration in Atlanta
Trump’s national emergency &amp; Washington’s Farewell Address https://t.co/r5DJuTPeS1
North Carolina elections board begins its probe today of alleged fraud in race for state’s 9th Congressional district. House has seated no one from that district after last year’s midterms
Understanding the President’s transfer authority to spend money for a wall https://t.co/LJjIB2iUA0
Bordering on bipartisanship on the spending deal https://t.co/Vh24YwRhZU
Jordan/Meadows write to Oversight Cmte chair Cummings. Demand that Rosenstein &amp; McCabe testify
Pelosi leading mbrs to Munich security conference: Engel Schiff Meeks Lynch Speier Connolly Keating Vela Hill
8) McConnell noted yesterday he was on board with President Trump declaring a national emergency. McConnell on Tuesday:		“He ought to feel free to use whatever tools he wants to use to secure the border. I would not be troubled by that,” replied McConnell.
7) On resolution to terminate Trump's wall national emergency...As one source said to Fox, “If (Senate Majority Leader) Mitch McConnell (R-KY) doesn’t want the resolution to come up, it won’t block it.”
6) Hse would likely seek action with a measure to revoke the national emergency as it pertains to the wall. It can be thornier in the Senate. There is imprecise language in the statute as to how the Senate may consider the legislation
5) Congress can terminate declarations of national emergencies with adoption of a joint resolution. It needs a simple majority &amp; presidential signature. If the President vetoes the resolution, Hse/Senate can move to override the veto, needing the standard two-thirds vote.
4) From a parliamentary perspective, Fox is told that the National Emergencies Act is a legislative mess. It lacks focus and specificity and is inherently vague. 		“It is not the gold standard for writing legislation,” confided one source.
3) Congress approved the National Emergencies Act of 1976, granting presidents latitude to act on any number of priorities he may deem an emergency. Presidents have declared 58 national emergencies since 1976. Thirty-one are renewed each year.
2) On national emergency Hamilton demanded an active executive to curb legislative overreaches and to pose as a bulwark against Congress.		Woodrow Wilson first declared a “national emergency” in 1917 because of an “insufficiency of maritime tonnage” to carry U.S commodities
1) On national emergency:		There is always a healthy tension between the legislative branch and the executive branch. However, it is notable that none other than Alexander Hamilton called for what he characterized as “energy” in the executive when writing in Federalist #70.
McConnell: I urge my Democratic colleagues to quickly get serious, put partisanship aside, and work with the president and our homeland security experts to provide the funding needed to secure our borders as we begin the next round of appropriations.
McConnell: President Trump’s decision to announce emergency action is the predictable and understandable consequence of Democrats’ decision to put partisan obstruction ahead of the national interest.
Colleague John Roberts rpts moving drug interdiction money around for the wall is described by sources as "easy money." However, tapping into MilCon/VA bill is tougher. Mbrs of Congress will complain because it takes away military construction projects in their states/districts
A couple of notes on Trump's gambit to transfer money. The Treasury asset forfeiture is easier because it has existing transfer authority. Some of this will hinge on potential restrictions built into reprogramming language.
Lowey: The national emergency declaration will rob critical military construction projects of funding, threatening national security to prop up a political vanity project.
Apps Cmte Chair Lowey: President Trump’s phony national emergency willfully ignores Congress’ refusal to fund his wasteful border wall, upends democratic norms, and creates a disturbing precedent.
Pelosi/Schumer: We call upon our Republican colleagues to join us to defend the Constitution. Just as both parties honored our oath to protect the American people by passing the conference committee bill, the Congress on a bipartisan basis must honor the Constitution
Pelosi/Schumer: The President's actions clearly violate the Congress’s exclusive power of the purse, which our Founders enshrined in the Constitution.  The Congress will defend our constitutional authorities in the Congress, in the Courts
Pelosi/Schumer: The President’s unlawful declaration over a crisis that does not exist does great violence to our Constitution and makes America less safe, stealing from urgently needed defense funds for the security of our military and our nation.  This is plainly a power grab
Shutdown averted. What it took to avoid a 2nd government closure https://t.co/4impFKz13C
Under the admin’s proposal to shift $8b for the wall...they are moving money BETWEEN appropriations bills. It’s one thing to do so INSIDE an appropriations silo. It’s another to move money between them. That’s what is being cited as the extra-Constitutional part of the gambit
From colleague Blake Burman. The extra $8 billion Trump wants to move around for the eall. $1.375B from the DHS appropriations bill	$601M from Treasury drug forfeiture fund	$2.5B from the Defense’s drug interdiction program 	$3.5B from the military construction bill
Government shutdown seemingly averted. We now return you to your regularly scheduled programming. https://t.co/YevoCFqppo
How President Trump will try to transfer money to pay for his border wall https://t.co/7q8ppMLMqW
https://t.co/z8YCKt7N2z
Lawmakers from both parties aren't entirely pleased w/spending bill to avoid a shutdown. But, the fact that the sides forged a bipartisan compromise in the face of adversity bodes well for future legislation. Had the bill gone south, that could have set the tone for this Congress
NRCC Chair Emmer: The stakes in 2020 could not be higher, and we are going to fight like hell until the last poll closes on Election Day to hold the socialist Democrats accountable for their extremism.
NRCC chair Emmer: We could have gotten a much better deal if Democrats weren’t so blinded by their quest for open borders and their hatred of ICE that they were willing to jeopardize the safety of our law enforcement personnel on the southern border.
Spending bill achieved veto-proof margins in both bodies. 83 yeas in the Senate. 300 in the House. Both tallies are well above the two-thirds threshold required to override a presidential veto
Clyburn leaned on Scalise provide 70 GOP ayes. Scalise delivered 87. But one would think that McConnell announcing that Trump would sign the bill AND declare a nat'l emergency would actually drive the number of GOP yeas higher. How low would the nmbr have been w/o the guarantee?
Consider the vote in the House tonight. With 428 members voting, the magic number was 215. Democrats scored 213 yeas. In other words, they only needed the assistance of two Republicans to pass the bill. Otherwise, Democrats could have done it on their own.
McConnell’s favorite expression is that “there’s no education in the second kick of a mule.” No fool he, McConnell made sure he locked the President in, announcing Mr. Trump’s intentions publicly on the floor. That would bind the President to stand by his word.
McConnell felt burned back in December when Trump backed out of signing spending bill McConnell had been told the WH would sign to avoid a holiday shutdown. The Senate passed the bill. Then the President balked.
Extraordinary that McConnell took the flr to announce..on behalf of the President…his intention to sign the spending bill and that trump would declare a national emergency. Rare that a Congressional leader has ever spoken on behalf of President at that level.
Trump to speak in the Rose Garden at 10 am et Friday
11) Apps Cmte Chair Lowey said that lawmakers would respond if they think the President abuses executive authority. Moreover, Lowey hinted that members of the Appropriations Committee may tack on strictures to prevent the President from pushing things too far the next time.
10) Moreover, all of those programs from which the President will shift money have supporters in Congress from both parties. Those lawmakers will howl if the money touches their pet program.
9) Trump only has $750 million in transfer authority available within the DHS bill. So, if President he’d have to rob Peter to pay Paul, moving money between appropriations bills.
8) But what happens if administration starts to shift money Congress appropriations bills? That’s  pushing the limits of what’s accepted and could run afoul of Article 1, Section 9. There would be a question as to which branch of government really has control over spending.
7) That too is a transfer and would require the blessing of top appropriators. This tactic starts to test the Constitutional limits of Article I, Section 9, granting Congress the authority to spend money how it sees fit.
6) Imagine Congress approving the DHS appropriations measure and the defense appropriations bill. The President signs both pieces of legislation into law. But down the road, the administration decides it has has a need under the aegis of DHS and needs to transfer money from DoD
5) Say there’s “Account A” and “Account B” in the DHS measure. The admin may decide it needs more money for a priority in Account B. So, it wants to “reprogram” the money from Account A to Account B. Such a maneuver is allowed. But the gambit entails a sign-off by appropriators
4) Let’s say we’re talking about the Department of Homeland Security appropriations bill. Loaded into each bill are multiple “accounts.” Congress steers money to various programs and projects in each account.
3) There are 12 individual spending bills. Think of them each a silo containing various parts of spending. One for Commerce, Justice &amp; Science programs. Another for Defense. One for the Department of Homeland Security.
2) Congress wields the ultimate power of the purse. Article I, Section 7 of the Constitution grants the President authority to either sign or veto bills. That’s it. Article I, Section 1 gives Congress control over legislation. But, this is where "reprogramming" comes in
1) Primer on Trump “transferring” money to pay for the wall	House/Senate border security conferees crafted a $49.4 billion for DHS. Article I, Section 9 of the Constitution dictates that “No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury but in Consequence of Appropriations made by law.”
Colleague Ellison Barber rpts Trump  will use executive authority to move around $8 billion different federal agencies, in order to build the wall. They say he will also declare a national emergency. Expects to sign bill tomorrow morning
Rep. Henry Cuellar (D-TX), chair of the Homeland Security Appropriations Subcommittee who represents a border district in Texas:	Unfortunately, there are some people who see the border as a crisis. We see it as an opportunity. As a community...the American people won on this one
House Majority Whip Jim Clyburn (D-SC) on talking to GOPers to get help from their side:	We were bargining for 70 (Republican) votes and we came up with 87 (GOP votes)
Pelosi as she enrolled the spending bill and send the measure to the President to sign. 		Pelosi:	300 votes on the floor. It was quite a remarkable show		Pelosi on executive authority:	We will not have an end-run around the Congress
Minibus spending bill, covering 7 spending bills, ready to be enrolled by Hse Spkr Pelosi to fund the gov’t thru Sept 30. Will be sent to Trump to sign tonight https://t.co/rZwUK3f7Ad
Hse breakdown on spending bill. Passed 300-128. 213 Dems &amp; 87 GOPers voted yea. 19 Dems &amp; 109 GOPers voted no
Lowey on how Congress could curb future executive authority on appropriations bills:	If the President is responding inappropriately I hope we can respond in a bipartisan fashion		Lowey on if the President pushes the limits on exec pwr:	We’re going to have to respond appropriately
Appropriations Committee Chairwoman Lowey says adding riders to future spending bills to limit the President’s exeucutive power “sounds very interesting”
House syncs up with Senate, approves spending bill to avert a government shutdown		The vote was 300 to 128
Spending bill has the votes to pass. But vote is still open. Not final.
The magic number in the House for passage is 217. 432 mbrs of the Hse w/ 3 vacancies. Expect final tally on bill to fund the government around the top of the hour.
House now voting on spending package to avoid a government shutdown
From colleague Jason Donner. Judiciary Cmte Chair Nadler on Trump declaring a national emergency. This is a terrible power grab unprecedented in American history and would really upset the separation of powers.
Graham leasds Congressional delegation to Munich Security Conference this wknd. Mbrs goin: Graham Menendez Whitehouse Barrasso Shaheen Coons ScottFL Thornberry Langevin Wilson Turner Banks Gallagher Malinoski Crenshaw Stefanik Stotkin
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) who will oppose the spending package tonight: I don’t think is deal is a victory for anybody. It’s a Republican bill…just to keep the government funded
You can tell when there are late votes in the House. The smell of Chinese takeout wafting through Statuary Hall of the Capitol. Dem mbrs emerging from ldrshp suite with plates of food.
From colleague Caroline McKee. Meadows says a majority of House Republicans will support the appropriations bill to fund the gov't tonight. Estimates around 120 or so. There are 197 GOPers in the House now
House now debating spending package to avoid a gov’t shutdown
McCarthy just spoke to Trump. “The President feels good about it,” says McCarthy about spending bill. 		Separately, other sources say Trump was really swearing earlier whether he should sign it earlier in the day and was very conflicted about certain sections of the legislation.
Senate done for the night. Pro forma sessions starting tomorrow at 7 am et. Then Feb 19 at 10 am et &amp; Feb 21 at 10 am et. Senate back for GOP NE Sen Deb Fischer to deliver Washington's Farewell address on Feb 25 at 3 pm et
House now debating the “rule” to establish the parameters of debate for the spending package
Dem DE Sen Coons: I am deeply disappointed that not only has the president announced he intends to sign an emergency declaration immediately after signing this..into law but that the majority leader supports his action in doing so. I think all of us will come to regret this.
Leahy: The fact is there precious little that can be done by declaring a national emergency. There’s only so much money out there. What do you do? Take it from the FBI. Do you take it from the Department of Defense…There are very few places he could take some money
GOP LA Sen Kennedy on national emergency: It's not my preferred choice, but I don't think the world's going to spin off it's axis.
Senate Foreign Rltns Cmte chair Risch &amp; other GOPers write to Pompeo asking for more info on Khashoggi: The Cmte..is committed to pursuing all information available in its oversight role &amp; to that end, is in the process of arranging a classified briefing for the cmte
House Rules Cmte to meet at 5 pm et to prep spending bill for flr. Rule debate on flr this evening, followed by debate on spending bill, followed by vote.
On Spending bill: Republicans Voting NO:	Braun	Cotton	Cruz	Hawley	Inhofe	Lee	Paul	Rubio	Sasse	Scott of SC	Toomey		Democrats Voting NO:	Booker	Gillibrand	Harris	Markey	Warren		NOT Voting:	Burr
Significant that McConnell waited to call the vote UNTIL he spoke to Trump &amp; got assurances he would sign the bill.		Remember McConnell felt burned in Dec after the Senate moved a spending bill…when he was led to believe Trump  would sign it. And then the President backed out.
Pelosi/Schumer on national emergency: It is yet another demonstration of President Trump’s naked contempt for the rule of law. This is not an emergency, and the president’s fearmongering doesn’t make it one.
Pelosi/Schumer: Declaring a national emergency would be a lawless act, a gross abuse of the power of the presidency and a desperate attempt to distract from the fact that President Trump broke his core promise to have Mexico pay for his wall.
Graham: It’s now time for President Trump to use executive power, including declaring national emergency, to build the wall.	 	I stand firmly behind President Trump’s decision to use executive powers to build the wall-barriers we desperately need.
The Senate has approved the minibus spending package to avert a government shutdown.	 	The vote was 83 to 16	 	The measure now heads to the House for it to sync up.
Senate now voting on minibus spending package to avert government shutdown
Pelosi on the spending bill:	We have the votes in the House		Pelosi suggests that a future President could declare a national emergency on gun violence with President Trump opening the door on the border issue
Pelosi on the national emergency:	The President is doing an end run around Congress		Pelosi on national emergency:	I know Republicans have unease about it no matter what they might say		Pelosi on national emergency:	We will respond appropriately..we are reviewing our options
Pelosi:	Today we will keep government open.When the President declares the emergency, it’s not an emergency		Pelosi:	The President is doing an end run around Congress
Pelosi refers to the spending legislation as “the bill we will be passing”
Pelosi on the spending bill:	That’s real progress to leave it to appropriators
Senate now taking procedural vote to end debate on spending bill. Needs 60 yeas.
Two votes in the queue. First vote is to end debate on the spending bill. Needs 60. if they get 60 yeas, next vote is on the actual spending bill. Should start around 3:30 pm et
McConnell on the floor. Says he spoke to Trump. Trump says will sign the bill. McConnell says he will support a national emergency
Colleague Mike Emanuel rpts Feinstein met privately today with Biden as Biden considers a presidential bid. Source indicate Biden is expected to run
WH: Congratulations to William P. Barr on being confirmed by the Senate. His swearing-in will take place today in the Oval Office at 4:45PM and will be administered by Chief Justice John Roberts.
Senate confirms William Barr as Attorney General, 54-45	 	Three Democrats voted aye.		Sens. Kyrsten Sinema (D-AZ), Doug Jones (D-AL) and Joe Manchin (D-WV). 	 	Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) was the lone GOP nay.
Senate vote to confirm Barr still open. We will likely find out shortly when the vote on the spending bill will come. Details being worked out now. Likely to find out timing as soon as they close the Barr vote.
The vote to confrm William Barr as Attorney General has been open since 12:31 pm et. He has the votes to be confirmed. But the vote remains open
Feinstein: The Justice Department needs a leader who will be independent of the White House and who is able to stand up to President Trump. Bill Barr hasn’t demonstrated that he would be that independent leader.
USCP: The USCP is responding to demonstration activity in Room SH-306 of the Hart Senate Office Building . All other personnel are directed to avoid the area until further notice.
Senate has the votes to confirm Barr as Attorney General. But vote is still open. Not final until they gavel it closed
From colleague Jason Donner. Senate Apps Cmte chair Shelby says we’ll know timing of spending bill vote in 30-40 minutes. Shelby: “I believe the president will sign it, but we’ll see.”
Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) says he needs “at least a couple weeks” to review the spending bill. But won’t blow up the process. “I’ll just vote no.” We expect a Senate vote in late afternoon/early evening		Sen. John Kennedy (R-LA);	I need at least a day. We need to find out the nuggets
Senate now voting to confirm William Barr as Attorney General
Trump tweet: “Reviewing the funding bill with my team at the	@WhiteHouse!”
GOP LA Sen Kennedy on border deal: Nobody’s humming “One Shining Moment” yet. Thus thing is a long way from being over and my guess is the White House is carefully going through the bill as well.
Cornyn on border pkg: It strikes me that the President could declare victory with funding for 55 more miles of border barriers..something that Nancy Pelosi said was immoral..their positions did not pervail and I’m glad
Dem MT Sen Tester: “The border deal is a good deal so I hope it passes, I hope it passes the Senate and the House and I hope the president signs it."
On Spending pkg. he math is always paramount. There are currently 432 Hse mbrs. 217 is the magic number if all members vote. There are 235 Democrats &amp; 197 Republicans. That means that Dems can only lose 18 of their own before they need assistance from Republicans to pass the bill
On spending pkg, vote matrix in the Senate seems more clear in the Senate than in the House. The House will require a blend of Democrats and Republicans to pass the bill. But we don’t really know how many GOPers the Democrats will need to advance the legislation.
Minibus spending pkg is for more than just border security or the DHS spending. In addition to the DHS spending package, there are SIX OTHER appropriations measures woven into one. Agriculture. Commerce/Justice/Science. Interior. Foreign Operations, et al.
Congress intends to get out of town as soon as it passes the spending bill. So, if the President doesn’t sign it…or vetoes it…it’s all on him. The departure tactic is a move by Congress to put pressure on the President to sign the legislation.
From a technical standpoint, the spending measure needs to be signed right away to avoid a shutdown before 12:00:01 am Saturday, when funding lapses. But they can let things slide…some…over the weekend.
The White House has indicated the President may take his time considering the measure…all 1,100 pages of the spending bill. Trump really has until 9 am on Tuesday…after the holiday weekend to sign this package.
A CR would inevitably torpedo the spending package and give the President an out. Keep in mind that Democrats AND Republicans want to lock in the President on this deal.
We DON’T think the House and Senate will proactively prepare an interim spending bill (known as a “Continuing  Resolution” or “CR”) to use as a backstop in case the President doesn’t sign the bill right away…or at all.
On spending bill, House vote could slip later too…because of all of the members who flew to North Carolina to attend the funeral of the late Rep. Walter Jones (R-NC).
Time for Hse spending vote could slip…because it’s contingent upon when the Senate moves. And the Senate vote is contingent upon when it votes to confirm William Barr as Attorney General…which we now expect to have finality by 1 pm et.
On spending bill, there will be a debate on the “rule” which governs debate on the floor for the package in the late afternoon.		Debate on the actual bill in the House will likely come this evening…no earlier than 7 pm et…if not later. Then a final vote.
The general thought is that the Senate will advance the spending package later this afternoon..sometime after the Barr confirmation vote 		The House Rules Committee will have to meet in the mid-afternoon to tee up the measure for the House floor.
On spending bill, Senate must 1st get clearance end a filibuster on the spot. Senate leaders are running what they call a “HOTLINE” to get agreement from all senators to not burn precious time on the procedural measure and go directly to a vote. Otherwise, this could take a while
Timing is still a little unclear as to when the Senate and House may move the minibus spending bill today to avert a government shutdown.		The Senate will go first…likely in the early to mid-afternoon. Then punt things to to the House if all goes well.
Senate Homeland Apps Subcmte Chair Capito on the flr, announcing her support for the border security package
Senate to vote at 12:30 pm et on Barr nomination. Final tally by 1 pm. McConnell just locked in the time
Grassley: "Let's all pray that the president will have wisdom to sign the bill so the government doesn’t shut down.”
Nothing firm. But Senate hoping for Barr AG confirmation vote sometime after 12:30 pm et
Judiciary Cmte Chairman Graham: We're definitely going to speak to Andrew McCabe and the whole crowd about what happened during the 2016 election. Mr. Mueller is doing a very deep dive in the Trump campaign and anything they may have done wrong.
Dem MI Rep Debbie Dingell, sitting between President Clinton and Hillary Clinton at funeral of late Dem MI Rep John Dingell.
Boehner now speaking at funeral of late Dem MI Rep John Dingell.
Schumer decrying a vote on the Green New Deal as a "stunt" and a "cheap, cynical ploy" by the GOP leadership on "an important issue like climate change. He calls it "a game of political gotcha."
Top Dem on Senate Foreign Rltns Cmte Menendez writes to Pompeo over Khashoggi killing. Menendez upbraids Pompeo for letter he sent to CapHill "Your letter exacerbates the fears that this administration continues to hide something when it comes to the murder of Mr. Khashoggi"
Lawmakers now arriving at church for DC funeral of late Dem MI Rep John Dingell, the longest-serving lawmaker in US history
GOP FL Sen Rick Scott now reading the names of the deceased on the Senate flr from the Parkland shooting one year ago today
McConnell: When the Senate votes on the agreement, we’ll be voting to avoid a second partial shutdown and provide the certainty of a fully-functioning federal government. We’ll be voting to deliver another down payment on the president’s commitment to securing our nation’s border
Graham on spending bill: My staff is looking at it now. I'm pretty comfortable with that. Senator Shelby is OK with it I'm sure I'll be OK with it I think the president's against but it depends on how they write the language. But he's certainly inclined to sign it move forward.
GOP FL Sen Marco Rubio now on the floor, talking about the 1 yr anniversary of the Parkland shooting
Senate expected to vote on Green New Deal. The vote is ALL about 2020 https://t.co/YQPsAkxDfn
Dems will likely need GOP help in Hse to help pass spending package. But unclear how many Dems can deliver &amp; how many GOPers would be needed to make up the difference to move bill through House
Colleague Blake Burman rpts WH says Trump still hasn’t made decision on signing spending pkg. WH wants to comb through 1,100 page bill before committing to anything.
USCP: Between 6:45 a.m. and 7:15 a.m., the U.S. Capitol Police will be participating in a Medical Evacuation Exercise on the East Front. During this exercise, helicopters will land for a short period and then depart. This is strictly an EXERCISE
House Dems say they are not “nervous” about having the votes to pass the bill. But Hoyer said there was “worry” Trump could try to blow up the deal at the last minute because “we have seen that before”
Funeral today in NC for late GOP NC Rep Walter Jones
Funeral today for late Rep John Dingell in DC at Holy Trinity Catholic Church. Speakers include President Clinton, Hoyer, Boehner, John Lewis &amp; Fred
House Rules Cmte to meet in early afternoon to prep spending pkg for Hse floor later tonight
Senate to vote late morning/midday to confirm William Barr as Attorney General
Expect Senate to go first on spending package, likely this afternoon. House not to vote until evening. Expect Trump to take his time considering the bill
Leahy: This is not a deal I would have made on my own, but that’s not how deals work.  Everyone gave something. Together, we reached a bipartisan agreement that not only makes responsible investments to secure our borders, but invests in the American people
Lowey: We cannot repeat the disastrous government shutdown, so it is incumbent on Congress to come together to responsibly fund our government. This legislation represents a bipartisan compromise and will keep our government open while funding key priorities
Shelby: I am pleased that my fellow conferees and I were able to reach an agreement to secure the border and avoid another government shutdown.  This legislation makes a significant down payment on the border wall
Granger: With only 3 weeks to negotiate and prevent an unnecessary shutdown, the conference committee has developed a strong, bipartisan package. I am proud of the work my colleagues and I have done to provide the necessary resources to address the crisis on our southern border
Conference rpt to avoid gov’t shutdown released overnight. Is 1,159 pages. https://t.co/bcv5H8uoiN
House Democratic aide says final text of border security package should be available in about an hour. Conferees have it now to review for an hour. Process will start in the Senate tomorrow. Then the House will vote tomorrow night.
Still waiting for text to be posted tonight for border security bill. Timing is unclear. Don’t expect House Rules to meet until early Thursday afternoon
Hse Judiciary Cmte completes work marking up universal gun background check bill. Ready for flr vote
Office of GOP IL Rep Kinzinger: Congressman Kinzinger was deployed to the U.S.-Mexico border with his Air National Guard unit, and is serving on active duty in his capacity as Lieutenant Colonel.
McConnell uses Senate’s “Rule XIV” provision to bypass Senate cmtes w/Green New Deal. Puts it on Senate calendar. Is available for debate &amp; vote
Senate done for the night. Barr AG confirmation vote set for midday tomorrow. But no firm timing yet
We are hearing mixed things about when the confirmation vote for Wm Barr to be AG could be. 		If they do it by the book, the Barr confirmation vote would come just before midnight. 		But, it’s unclear if senators want to hang around that long and potentially vote tomorrow.
9) Fox is hearing we could have bill text to border security package after 9 pm et tonight
8) There is also some question as to whether the House or Senate will vote first. We have been told for days the House would start. But we are hearing tonight the Senate could start. Hoyer says no decision has been made yet on that front.
7) There is concern the Freedom Caucus could try to rev up Trump to discourage him signing the border pkg. That’s what happened in December..and nearly happened last March.		“We have have seen before makes us worry about that possibility,” said Hoyer.
6) Democrats may need Republicans to support the border security package to lug it across the finish line. 		“The margin for error is more narrow than they think it is,” observed one knowledgeable Congressional source.
5) On border pkg, one senior Democratic source tells me “we’re not nervous” about the vote tomorrow night. House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer (D-MD) tells Fox “I think we’re going to do well” when asked how many Democrats would support the plan.
4) Here is the current breakdown in the House		House:	432 members 		235 Democrats to 197 Republicans. That means Democrats can only lose 18 of their own without needing GOP help on border security pkg. Nineteen losses produces a tie, which by rule, fails in the House.
3) Dems will whip the border security vote tonight. Democrats will then go to Republicans and indicate if Democrats can haul the freight on their own or if they need GOP support. House Minority Whip Steve Scalise (R-LA) indicates Democrats will likely reach out tonight.
2) Some CHC'er are up in the air about the border package. But I would note that Reps. Lucille Roybal-Allard (D-CA), Henry Cuellar (D-TX) and Pete Aguilar (D-CA) are all CHC members and are conferees.
1) Here is the state of play on the border security package.		House Democrats will whip the vote tonight and get a sense of how many Democrats will support the package. Fox is told there is a “churn” among members of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus who may oppose the package.
The has adopted a resolution calling for the removal of U.S. forces from Yemen unless their involvement is directly authorized by Congress.	 	The vote was 248-177 		Rep. Justin Amash (R-MI) voted present.
3) The House voted 424-0 to alter the resolution adding the the provisions about anti-Semtism to the Yemen resolution. Reps. Thomas Massie (R-KY) and Justin Amash (R-MI) voted present.		It is very rare to add such language at this stage.
2) The language says that it’s in the interest of the U.S. to combat anti-Semitism at home and abroad. This is a direct shot by GOPers at Rep. Ilhan Omar (D-MN) and some of her remarks of late.
1) Interesting vote just a moment ago on the Yemen resolution. House Republicans were able to successfully add…at the last minute..a provision about anti-Semitism.
The House is now voting on a resolution calling for the removal of U.S. forces from Yemen unless their involvement is directly authorized by Congress
Late Dem Rep John Dingell, longest-serving lawmaker in US history, to be buried Friday morning at Arlington National Cemetery. Is open to the public
House Freedom Caucus introduces one-wk interim spending bill to give mbrs time to consider border security pkg
Appropriators say there has been no direct action on a stopgap spending bill. They fear that scenario because they feel it would be the death knell for the border security package
GOP GA Rep &amp; border security conferee Tom Graves on letting the bill be available for a few days before voting:	In the name of transparency, that’s not a bad idea
Pausing to do a stopgap bill could kill the entire border security pkg. If the conferees let the package sit out there too long, the legislation, much like houseguests and fish, will start to smell after three days. That could scuttle the plan.
Increasing chatter on Capitol Hill now about the need for an interim spending bill. Some members simply won’t be willing to vote on legislation this fast..just getting it dropped in their laps.
GOP GA Rep &amp; border security conferee Tom Graves says he is undecided on the bill now: I need to review the text. We need time to digest it. It’s not a bad moment to hit the pause button.
Border security conferee &amp; appropriator Rep. Tom Graves (R-GA) could be a weather vane as to how the border security bill may go. Graves is undecided now. But if he bolts, other conservatives could too. Pelosi needs help from Dems to pass the bill. Can't do it w/just Dem votes
On border security deal, Fox is told there is some internal GOP bickering…as Republicans feel they misplayed their hand. They could have had as much as $1.6 billion for the wall last year…but that number has now dropped to $1.375 billion.
On border security bill, one source close to the process told Fox they are “struggling” to finish the text of the bill. Another conservative source told Fox that the bill “is leaking oil right now.”
Text of border security bill expected to be available later today. But Hse won’t consider the legislation until Thurs night. That's to accommodate mbrs to attend funerals. Dingell here in DC. Other mbrs will go to NC for funeral of late GOP NC Rep Walter Jones
Funeral for John Dingell in DC at Holy Trinity Catholic Church tomorrow. Open to the public. Spkrs include fmr President Clinton, Hoyer, Boehner, &amp; Reps LewisGA &amp; Upton
The House is now debating a resolution calling for the removal of U.S. forces from Yemen unless their involvement is directly authorized by Congress
House now observing a moment of silence to mark the one year anniversary of the anniversary of the massacre at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School
Michael Cohen counsel Lanny Davis: It should be noted that Mr. Cohen committed to all three committees that he would voluntarily testify before the end of the month.
At hrng, Dem MN Rep Ilhan Omar brings up Iran-Contra w/special Envoy for Venezuela Elliott Abrams. Asks if he would back genocide in Venezuela like he did in Guatemala 		Abrams: That is a ridiculous question. I'm not going to respond to that kind of personal attack
Schumer: The last time we were all in this situation, the president signaled his support for a government-funding bill only to retreat at the last possible moment, precipitating the longest shutdown in our history. It was the Trump shutdown and he now seems to admit that again.
Schumer on border pkg: It is the product of compromise. Each side gave a little; each side got a little. The conferees deserve our praise for their hard work, their commitment &amp; their success.This agreement is the last train leaving the station away from another dreaded..shutdown
House to observe a moment of silence this afternoon for the students killed a year ago tomorrow at the high school massacre in Parkland, FL
The Senate is now debating the nomination of William Barr to become Attorney General. The actual confirmation vote could come today if they get an agreement. But more likely, the confirmation vote will come tomorrow.
GOP Conf Chair Cheney on Green New Deal: We call on Speaker Pelosi to put this up for a vote on the floor. We think Democrats need to be held accountable if they support this as they say they do and their presidential candidates say they do..Let’s have a vote on it
McCarthy on border security pkg: I support the framework..I think the framework is there..you cannot get everything that you request. You are going to have to find some common ground. So not everybody is going to be happy
From colleague Guerin Hays. McCarthy on if Trump should sign the border security pkg: "I don’t think the president should assure anything until he reads it.”
Trump: I don’t want to see a shutdown. A shutdown would be a terrible thing
Trump on if he'll sign the border agreement: We haven’t gotten it yet. We’ll be getting it and we’ll be looking for land mines
Senate now debating the nomination of William Barr to be Attorney General. Vote could be later today. More likely tomorrow unless there is a deal.
Hoyer on if they would condider a stopgap spending bill if there’s not enough time for lawmakers/WH to process the border package:	What it does is places in doubt operation of government..it creates great anxiety..we need to resolve this. If we can get there without creating
Hoyer on if the President pursues a national emergency on the border:	We think the President would be on very weak legal ground to pursue this
Hoyer on if the border spending package will pay for contractors who weren’t paid:	I think it’s important and we’re trying to see if that’s something we can get done..we’re working on that
Hoyer on if he knows if the President will sign the bill:	I do not. I do know that he has not indicated he would not..It appears to be that we are moving ahead and the President will sign this bill. We’ve been there before
Hoyer on if the White House and members know enough about the borde bill:	95 percent of this bill has been vetted
Hoyer on if there is enough time for the administration and lawmakers to process what’s in the border package:	Yeah. 99 percent of this has been done. It wasn’t as if this was a clean slate...cleary, there is sufficient time to do this
Hoyer on what could scuttle the border deal:	There’s some things that which have not been decided yet
Hoyer on how Democrats will deal with Dem MN Rep Omar:	Ms. Omar apologized. But the real test is actions going forward..we need to treat one another with respect..if that doesn’t pan out, there could be further action
Hoyer on new Mexico/Canada trade deal:	There has not been great outreach from the administration..there is a substantial concern on NAFTA
Hoyer on border security package:	I believe the conferees have produced a supportable compromise
Hoyer says “no votes scheduled before 6:30” tomorrow on border package. 		This is due to the funerals for late former Rep. John Dingell (D-MI) and former Rep. Walter Jones (R-NC)
Hoyer on when the House will move the border security package:	We hope that we will pass it tomorrow. It will be late tomorrow
From colleague Jason Donner. Graham on speaking to Trump on border pkg: If you can actually spend the money on barriers as he would like in places he would like it..if there's no real cap on..bed space..I think the president is inclined to accept the agreement
Hoyer on border package bill text:	We are hoping the conference committee report could be filed, sometime after 4:00..we would consider that tomorrow		Hoyer on 72 hour rule:	This is an emergency. The government shuts down..shutting down government is not an acceptable alternative
McConnell: This legislation will wrap up all of our outstanding regular appropriations bills and get the entire federal government funded the right way. It goes without saying that neither side is getting everything it wants. That’s the way it goes in divided government.
McConnell: The agreement reached on Monday was achieved because the conference committee set aside far-left poison pills and absurd demands. None of these radical non-starters was allowed to torpedo the process.
Dem Caucus Vice Chair Clarke on Omar: I hope that this conversation is not limited to the Democratic party. We are still waiting for Kevin McCarthy to apologize for the same anti-Semitic sentiments.
Dem Caucus Chair Jeffries on comments by Dem MN Rep Omar: The vast majority of the caucus is pro-Israel and will continue to stay that way.
Hse Dem Caucus Chair Jeffires on bordrer pkg: It appears to me that the overwhelming majority will support the legislation. This legislation is a product of trying to find common ground.
Sr approrpiations source with direct knowledge of where things stand on the bill tell me they could get bill text this afternoon.
Pelosi on if Hse would pass border security pkg: I hope so
Dem RI Rep Cicilline on border pkg: I think in general people have recognized that this is a compromise, that..reflects our values. We don’t get everything we want in a compromise, but it avoids a government shutdown which is our first priority.
Hoyer on border pkg: We hope to pass it by tomorrow night
On boder pkg, Pelosi says Dems should “support the bill for what is in it. Don’t judge it for what is not in it. We have other days to pass other legislation.”
The devil will be in the details on the border security package  https://t.co/aR0vQ0A6u2
WH’s Sanders on Fox on border pkg: Nancy Pelosi said she wasn’t going to give a dollar for the wall. This has roughly $1.4 billion that will go towards the wall..it expands ICE versus abolishes ICE which we heard some Democrats talk about in the past. So there are some positives
What changed to get lawmakers to the table on a border security deal after things went south over the weekend https://t.co/zakrkMOwuc
Hse today debates resolution direting the removal of US forces from Yemen
Closed Senate briefing today on cyber operations to defend the midterm elections.
Senate continues debate today on nomination of William Barr to be AG
Hse/Senate Appropriations Cmtes continue to work on text of border security deal. They hope to have texr available late tonight
Hse Transportation Cmte hrng today titled “Putting U.S. Aviation at Risk: The Impact of the Shutdown"
Hse Science Cmte hrng today entitled "The State of Climate Science and Why it Matters"
Hse Judiciary Cmte today holds markup of gun background check legislation
Hse Foreign Affairs Cmte hrng today on Venezuela
Hse Armed Svcs Cmte hrng today entitled "Military Service Academies' Action Plans to Address the Results of Sexual Assault and Violence Report at the Military Service Academies"
National debt tops $22 trillion for the 1st time. Was at $19.95 trillion when Trump took office. CBO projects $897 billion in new debt &amp; then will top $1 trillion annually starting in 2022.
Shelby on talking to Trump on border deal: I told him that we had a good reception in the Senate Caucus today on this and that I hope he would consider positively. He said that he would study it. He seemed very reasonable.
Trump tweet: Was just presented the concept and parameters of the Border Security Deal by hard working Sen Richard Shelby. Looking over all aspects knowing that this will be hooked up with lots of money from other sources..Will be getting almost $23 BILLION for Border Security.
Cohen atty: It should be noted that..Cohen committed to all three cmtes that he would voluntarily testify before the end of the month. We believe..Burr should appreciate that it is possible for..Cohen to be in pain and still have dinner in a restaurant with his wife and friends
Cohen atty: Mr. Cohen was expected to and continues to suffer from severe post shoulder surgery pain, as confirmed by a letter from his surgeon, which was sent to Sens Burr &amp; Warner. The medication Mr. Cohen is currently taking made it impossible for him to testify this week.
GOP KY Sen Paul says he will oppose Barr nomination. Bill Barr was a leading proponent of warrantless surveillance, and his overall record on the Fourth Amendment is troubling to me..Bill Barr has a troubling record on the Second Amendment.
GOP KY Sen Paul: I am unable to support Bill Barr’s nomination to be the next Attorney General. While I support President Trump and have supported most of his nominees, I have too many concerns about the record and views of this nominee.
Colleague Jason Donner rpts Senate Apps Cmte Chair Shelby spoke to Trump tonight. Shelby says he explained to Trump this was only a down payment. Shelby says Trump was concerned he didn't get everything he wanted.
GOP trying to get Dems on record on Green New Deal in Senate. In '17, GOP tried to pin down Democratic senators on how they’d vote on Sanders Medicare For All plan. Effort backfired. The vote was zero yeas and 57 nays. Democrats avoiding taking a position…voting present.
McConnell's effort to make Dems take a tough vote on Green New Deal holds peril for GOPers. The vote would force GOPers like Gardner/CO &amp; Collins/ME on the record. Both are up in 2020.
Graham says he talked to DHS Sec Nielsen. Se doesn't think Trump can can "reprogram $750 million..What she says will mean a lot to me. We don't know cause we haven't seen the text of the bill yet.”
GOP KY Sen Rand Paul votes against ending debate on nomination of Wm Barr to be Attorney General.
Senate votes to end debate on Barr AG nomination, 55-44. Sets up confirmation vote tomorrow or Thursday
The Senate is now voting to end debate on the nomination of William Barr to be Attorney General.		Thi s is a procedural vote. Needs 51 yeas. 		If they vote to end debate, that could set up a confirmation vote late tomorrow or Thursday for Barr.
Colleague Jason Donner rpts Senate Apps Cmte Chair Shelby has not yet talked to Trump. He did talk to Pence however about border security deal
Hoyer says Hse could vote on border security pkg "maybe as early as tomorrow"
Top GOPer on Hse Apps Cmte Granger says GOP appropriators gave border bill a "mostly affirmative" response. "We had more wins than losses." Says it won't be a problem to get GOP appropriators to sign the conference rpt
On Fox, Meadows says the border pkg is giving GOPers "real heartburn today" and Dems are "walking around with a smile"
Meadows on if there is anything they can do to stop the border security pkg:	The fat lady is already singing the first verse of her aria
A funny moment as Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) spies Hse Freedom Caucus Ldr Rep Mark Meadows (R-NC) in Statuary Hall just after Meadows appeard on Fox. They make eye contact. Meadows says hello.	Schumer to Meadows:	I’m not smiling. I saw you on TV. I’m not smiling
Meadows on Trump on border pkg:	He will sign this bill or he will sign a Continuing Resolution..to veto it would cause a shutdown.
Emotional moment as hearse carrying the casket of late Rep. John Dingell (D-MI) arrives on Capitol plaza. Rep. Debbie Dingell (D-MI), his wife, comes over to the Hse steps and greets and hugs a number of lawmakers standing in the rain. She exchanges many hugs and kisses w/mbrs
Pelosi says Dem GA Rep Lewis led lawmakers in prayer for Dingell and his family once they realized they couldn’t get to the funeral in Michigan due to bad weather in MI. Says 56 mbrs were trying to fly to funeral via AF planes. Says "we kept circling &amp; circling &amp; circling"
Motorcade carrying casket of late Dem Rep John Dingell to roll acoss Capitol plaza soon. Members now gathering on the House steps in the rain to watch and pay their final respects.
Dem MA Sen Markey on McConnell putting Green New Deal on the flr: "The Green New Deal resolution has struck a powerful chord in this country, and Republicans, climate deniers, and the fossil fuel industry are going to end up on the wrong side of history.”
On transfer authority for wall/beds, admin COULD try to write into an executive order language where Trump could go around Congress. but that could invite litigation if he oversteps Constitutional boundaries, granting Congress the power of the purse.
Trump can simply just not invoke “transfer authority” and shift the money around, say from Defense, or Military Construction/VA or any other spending bill. Must get sign off from key appropriators. They must sign off on transfer.
Colleague John Roberts rpts that Trump won't make a decision on signing the border security deal until he sees the legislation
Graham on border pkg: I won't say it's garbage cause I respect our negotiators but it's counterproductive. If you actually do reduce the number of bed spaces available for violent offenders then you're incentivizing more illegal immigration and it would undercut any gains .”
Graham on border pkg: I don't mind him taking that as a down payment in finding the rest through executive action..I don't think you're helping the country secure your border by reducing detention bed space..That is a bad trade. If it's true
McConnell vote on Green New Deal is quintessential show vote…to “show” what Dems are for/against. One could see GOPers either criticizing Dems for not endorsing the Green New Deal…because it’s too “extreme.” Or..pointing out that some Dems support a “radical” proposal
McConnell to force Senate vote on Green New Deal. McConnell wants Senate Dems up in 2020 to be on the record. But also presidential hopefuls like Gillibrand/Klobuchar/Harris/Warren/Booker &amp; perhaps Brown/Sanders.
Schumer on Republicans bringing up the Green New Deal:	The first question Republicans should answer is what is their answer on climate change
Schumer on transfer authority Trump may explore to score extra money for a wall/ICE beds:	He doesn’t have the authority to do it without House permission
Schumer on if President Trump attempts to move money around to get funding for the wall/beds:	He’ll have to determine if he wants to eliminate Coast Guard cutters or FEMA
McConnell on the President saying he has other options to increase money for wall/beds:	We don’t know what he means by that..There are limits on what he can do
Schumer on Omar:	Her remarks were reprehensible
Burr on Michael Cohen not appearing before Senate Intel Cmte: I would prefer to get him before he goes to prison. But you know the way he's positioning himself,not coming to the committee, we may help him go to prison.
From colleague Jason Donner. Burr on Michael Cohen: “He’s already stiffed us on being in Washington today because of an illness you got on Twitter a reporter reported he was having a wild night Saturday night eating out in New York with five buddies”
Senate Intel Cmte Chair Burr on Michael Cohen not appearing today for interview: “I can assure you that any goodwill that might have existed in the committee with Michael Cohen is now gone.”
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) on border deal:	Please Mr President, sign it and don’t force a shutdown..hopefully this means the country will be spared from another nightmare
McConnell on if they would consider a veto override if the the President vetoes it:	That’s way on down the road.
McConnell on Trump/border pkg:	I think he’s got a pretty good deal here. The Speaker said there would be no money for a wall..I think he’s done just fine.
McConnell on if the President could abuse transfer authority to move money around for the wall/beds:	He ought to feel free to use whatever tools he wants to use to secure the border. I would not be troubled by that
OMB preparing federal agency officials for potential funding lapse Saturday if Congress/Trump don’t agree to spending pkg
Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Richard Shelby (R-AL) on border deal:	This is a down payment where the President wants to go..we made some concessions. But we got some too. 		Shelby:	We hope the President will support it
McConnell on the border deal:	There is no cap on interior enforcement		McConnell on border deal:	It’s a step in the right direction..I hope he’ll decide to sign it
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) says the Senate will vote on the Green New Deal:	We’re going to be voting on that in the Senate and give everyone a chance to be on record about it
Dingell funeral motorcade now expected to pass by the Capitol after 4 pm et today
2) On transfer authority..	Acccounts under which the President may target to move money...have constituencies on Capitol Hill. Lawmakers will raise hackles if he starts to cut into certain projects and accounts, especially defense/disaster aid to pay for wall
1) On transfer authority:	Here’s the problem:		From what account will the President take money for DHS for the wall or beds? Defense? Disaster aid? 		Moving hundreds of millions of dollars still doesn’t get you very close to $5.7 b for a wall when you’re starting at $1.375 b
Article I, Section 9 of Constitution says “No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury but in Consequence of Appropriations made by law.” GOP HOWLED at Obama when he tramped on Congressional authority. So will GOP do the same if Trump goes around Congress moving $ for wall/beds?
Hse Freedom Caucus doesn't like border plan. Watch to see if the House and or Senate move the measure..&amp; then Meadows/Jordan start whispering in Trump's ear. Could upend the whole thing…ala what happened in December and what nearly happened last March.
4) With transfer authority, the President could add money for the border wall. He could also add money for ICE beds. That could go up to about 59,000 for beds.		So, the raw NUMBERS in the bill may not accurately depict the POTENTIAL for usage of money for wall/beds
3) Democrats may be able to point to the fact that there is ONLY $1.375 billion appropriated for the border wall. Democrats can also say that the number of beds is on a downward glide path…to satisfy concerns of some members concerned about ICE. 		BUT…
2) Once the House approves the measure, the President has the agility to “transfer” some money around in the bill, only NOTIFYING Congress that he is doing it. In fact, the administration just did this a few weeks ago for more ICE beds. 		So…
1) Here's a vocabulary term which may be the linchpin to the border deal: transfer authority. In his remarks today, President Trump talked about “adding things to it.” “Transfer authority” is what the President is referring to.
We don’t think we will see bill text for border deal until late Wed. Would try to move it thru Hse Thurs. Maybe Senate on Thurs too. Funeral for late GOP NC Rep Walter Jones could complicate things
One key to the border deal was Senate GOPers were wary of a shutdown. 	They stared into the abyss &amp; were about to break w/Trump to end the last shutdown. McConnell wanted a deal to protect Trump from defections &amp; protect GOPers from criticism over  a 2nd shutdown
Trump on Dem MN Rep Omar: Anti-semitism has no place in Congress..Omar is terrible, what she said. She should either resign from Congress, or certainly resign from the House Foreign Affairs Cmte.
Trump: I don't think you're going to see a shutdown..if you do, it's the Democrats fault
Trump on border deal: I have to study it. I'm not happy about it. It's not doing the trick. But I'm adding things to it
Funeral service now underway in Dearborn, MI for late Dem MI Rep John Dingell. Fmr VP Biden now speaking
Shelby to sell border security plan at Senate GOP lunch. Expect similar discussion at Dem lunch. Starting shortly
Trump says he’s not happy about border wall. Says “I don’t think there is going to be a shutdown”
Planes transporting lawmakers to former John Dingell’s funeral in Detroit had to turn around due to bad weather in Michigan. Mbrs coming back to DC
Senate slated to vote later today to end debate on nomination of William Barr to befome Attorney General
From colleague Caroline McKee. Hirono: There’s something for border security, not a concrete wall, some 55 miles, which is a far cry from the 1,100 miles of border wall that the president wanted..I think it’s a good compromise that we’ve worked out.
McConnell:Fortunately, our Democratic colleagues did abandon those unreasonable positions and the negotiations were able to move forward productively.
Schumer on spending deal: I urge Presiden Trump to sign this agreement
House scheduling trip to Greenville, NC Thursday for funeral of late GOP NC Rep Walter Jones
GOP NY Rep Zeldin on Fox on Dem MN Rep Omar. Just last month, you had House Democrats tripping all over each other..to condemn..Steve King. He apologized. He was still thrown off his committee assignments. And now..they’re accepting an apology via Twitter
Fmr astronaut Mark Kelly, husband of fmr Dem AZ Rep Gabrielle Giffords, wounded in 2011 massacre, announces AZ Senate bid. Would aim to run against GOP AZ Sen Martha McSally
Expect prospective border security deal to be major topic of conversation &amp; Senate Dem/GOP weekly lunches today
Colleague John Roberts rpts WH won’t have any comment until after they have carefully reviewed the entire border security agreement
Senate hrng today on managing pain during the opioid crisis.
Hse hearing entitled “The Impacts of Climate Change on Tribal Communities”
Hse hrng today hearing entitled "The Department of Housing and Urban Development's Management of Housing Contracts During the Shutdown"
Lawmakers headed to MI for funeral mass for late Dem MI Rep Dingell this am. Motorcade will drive his casket across the Capitol plaza later today
Lawmakers reach a deal in principle to avoid a government shutdown early Saturday https://t.co/E7VPDkzH8v
When might the House and Senate debate and vote? Probably not until Wednesday in the House..if not Thursday. House Democrats just implemented their new, hard 72 hour rule which requires the text of legislation be posted for a full three days before voting. But they can waive that
On averting a shutdown: McConnell was trying to protect the President from GOP defections and simultaneously protect Republican senators who feared they would be blamed for backing the President over a losing cause. So…the sides were willing to deal
Senate Republicans were particularly worried about a second shutdown. Moreover, there was nearly a jailbreak of Senate Republicans jumping ship and voting to end the first shutdown a few weeks ago.
What changed tonight? The appropriators stared into the abyss and saw the very real prospects of a second government shutdown. Shelby confided that Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) told him to “get it done.”
Mbrs who are hard left or hard right likely would oppose the border security compromise. Votes to pass the bill will be in the middle.
Don't expect legislative text for a day or so. Lawmakers on both sides of the Hill will have to consider it. Pelosi will be key. Remember, freshmen Dems want a win. They want to be able to show they can compromise &amp; govern.
Remember there are 7 outstanding spending bills for the rest of the fiscal year including DHS. These are the 7 areas of government which are unfunded starting Saturday..and what sparked the 35 day shutdown in December. The other bills are finished. DHS was always the tough one
Just because the four main mbrs of the House/Senate conference committee on border security doesn’t mean things are a done deal yet. 	Senate Apps Cmte chair Shelby says staff will work “feverishly” to get the deal into legislative form between now &amp; Wednesday
4) Where did the 16,000 figure come from this weekend? Fox is told Democrats were trying to distinguish between beds available AT THE BORDER and beds for detainees picked up IN THE INTERIOR. That has never been a distinction before
3) The administration has the ability to try to move money around INSIDE the DHS spending bill WITHOUT the blessing of Congress. So, Fox is told the total number of ICE beds could go as high as 52,000. YET AT THE SAME TIME, Fox is told there is no limitation on the nbr of beds.
2) The number of ICE beds filled now is very high. The bill sets a goal of getting to around 40,520 beds in this fiscal year.		But wait. There’s more...
1) The ICE beds issue is more confusing.		There are 49,057 people in ICE beds now.		Fox is told the bill will provide enough money for more than 42,774 adult and 2,500 adult beds in the bill. 		BUT…
Deals on potential border deal: $1.3 billion for a physical barrier. The funding can only be used for new miles of border wall. That would deal with about 55 miles. New miles will be in the Rio Grande Valley. Border Patrol can use any design it wants, including steel slats.
Deal to avoid shutdown includes $1.37 billion for physical barriers. Also just over 40,000 beds for ICE
Shelby on if the White House supports the deal: 	We think so. We hope so.
Shelby on if he has sign off from the White House:	We talked from time to time with White House representatives about what we’re doing here.		Shelby on how they fixed the bed issue: 	We worked it out in principle. We think it’s going to work. We had some hard negotiations
Four Appropriations leaders say they have a deal. Shelby says they have an agreement “in principle." Shelby says “we have an agreement in principle” on all bills. Says the staff “will be working feverishly to put” everything together.
Shelby on if they can get a deal tonight. “Whatever we agree on, we’d have to work out the particulars”		Shelby:	“We’ve had some good meetings late this afternoon and tonight”
Colleague David Spunt rpts Apps Cmte chair Lowey says things are more “positive” tonight as negotiators go back into talks to try to avoid a shutdown
Colleague David Spunt rpts top GOPer on Hse Apps Cmte Granger says we should know more about state of play on gov’t shutdown talks “in about 20 minutes”
Top GOPer on Hse Apps Cmte Granger going into mtg to avert shutdown: “I think it’s possible we can come to some pretty good decisions.” I press Granger on multiple occasions if they have started prepping a stopgap bill to avert a shutdown. She shakes her head no.
Top appropriators to meet shortly again in effort to avoid shutdown:	We should not leave here tonight..until we have it all done...Senator Shelby feels the same way		Leahy:	If we come out together, you’ll know that we have something
If Senate votes to end debate on Barr nomination tomorrow, confirmation vote would come Thurs if done by the book. Earlier if they forge an agreement
The Senate has teed-up a procedural vote to end debate on the nomination of William Barr to be Attorney General late tomorrow afternoon/early evening. Vote sequence starts at 4:30 pm et. Barr procedural vote closer to 6 pm et Tues. needs 51 yeas.
Dem MN Rep Omar says she has “no concerns” the House will try to discipline her for language. Hse GOPers could decide by mid-week to sanction her &amp; potentially Rep Tlaib for their language. Unclear if Omar 	apology makes a difference to the GOP leadership at this stage.
From colleague Jason Donner. Kaine: Governor Northam and Attorney General Fairfax because of past actions but also because of the current way they handled past actions. They've lost their they've lost the trust and the ability to govern. I think they both should resign.
Kaine on Omar: The suggestion that AIPAC has influence because of the Benjamins. Completely wrong absolutely wrong...it's an offensive anti-Semitic stereotype. It's wrong in that way. And it's also factually wrong.
From colleague Jared Halpern. Senate Apps Cmte Chair Shelby. “We’ve got several obstacles, big ones, that we’re trying to work out.”	What are they?	“We’ll have to talk to you later about it.”
Apps Cmte Chair Lowey:	We’re still talking		Lowey:	I am ever optimistic		Granger on the Dem restriction on ICE beds:	It didn’t exactly come out of nowhere.
Appropriators to meet at 8 pm et again in effort to avert a shutdown. Senior House Democratic source: “This is precarious right now.”		Top GOPer on Hse Apps Cmte Granger says she’s “hopeful”
Graham on if there will be a shutdown: No. I think we'll do a continuing resolution until we can find a way to increase border security funding and give them something more acceptable.
Graham on Omar: What she said was pretty over the top. And it's one thing to criticize policies of the state of Israel it's another thing to basically trash out the Jewish people and hopefully you know you come up here and live and learn
Graham on Saudi Arabia: We expect better from you than this and I don't know how you turn your back on this guy. Khashoggi had American citizen children..&amp; wrote for The Washington Post and this is barbaric beyond acceptance.
Motorcade carrying casket of late Congressman John Dingell to drive drive past the Capitol on the East Plaza tomorrow afternoon
Senate Appropriations Cmte Chairman Richard Shelby (R-AL) on the bed restriction request:	It was elevated to the front real fast		Shelby on if the Democratic numbers on detentions surprised GOPers:	We weren’t caught flatfooted at all and sometimes people’s numbers surprise you.
The chairs and ranking members of the House and Senate Appropriations Committees are meeting again, but now in the hideaway office of Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-VT), the top Democrat on the Senate Appropriations Committee.
Sometimes you get a breaking story as to if there will be a government shutdown later this week. Sometimes you get something else: https://t.co/yyCZJHbbkj
Hoyer on if Democrats would attempt to table or set aside any effort by GOPers to sanction Omar or Tlaib after what the House voted to do on King:	I don’t want to anticipate that
Hoyer on if there are parallels between Omar and racist comments by Rep. Steve King (R-IA). The House voted in January to rebuke King:	The King scenario was a long time coming. This President has used harsh language. Should he be removed?
Hoyer on if Omar will be stripped of her committee assignments:	Of course not.
Hoyer on Dem MN Rep Omar: “I don’t think she’s anti-Semetic.” Won’t say if Dems would attempt to Kill GOP effort to sanction Omar and/or Tlaib		Hoyer on if anything else should happen to Omar:	She has apologized…I don’t think she’s anti-Semitic
Colleague Andres del Aguila rpts there are yellow sticky notes attached to the door of Dem MN Rep Ilhan Omar. Some of general signs of support. Others say “critizing countries which abuse human rights is the right thing to do and will never be Anti-Semitic.”
Appropriations meeting on border security/gov’t funding has ended. It will resume at 6 pm et.
Dem NY Rep Max Rose after mtg w/Dem MN Rep Omar: It is time to move on. She is a friend. I take her at her word. It’s time to focus on building a better country. She is a friend. I take her at her word, I look forward to working with her.
Top Dem on Senate Intel Cmte Warner to speak on flr around 6 pm et to urge colleagues to oppose nomination of AG hopeful Barr
From colleague John Roberts. Reporter asks Trump if there would be another shutdown. Trump: “That’s up to the Democrats”
Coons: Rep. Omar’s use of an anti-Semitic stereotype has no place in our discourse, period.  We can have policy debates and disagreements without this type of hurtful language and innuendo..I’m glad that she has apologized.
“The Senate Select Committee on Intelligence has accepted Mr. Cohen’s request for postponement of tomorrow’s hearing due to post surgery medical needs. A future date will be announced by the Committee.”		—Lanny J. Davis, an attorney for Mr. Cohen
Top Dem on Senate Apps Cmte Leahy as he sticks his head into the exterior corridor amid government shutdown/border security negotiations: “The white smoke hasn’t come yet.”
House/Senate appropriators now meeting on Senate side of the Capitol, trying to forge a border security deal &amp; avoid a shutdown https://t.co/JzA9uljeaE
Rep. Kay Granger (R-TX), the top GOPer on the House Appropriations Cmte as she goes into border security negotiation session. “I’m always optimistic but also realistic”
House/Senate Appropriations leaders meeting shortly to discuss way out of border security impasse
McConnell says "Democrats are risking a 2nd shutdown" with their ICE policy, threatening to blow up talks. Says "this would be a total non-starter with the White House. Any White House..a total poison pill, clear and simple"
McCarthy: In the face of that abdication of leadership, Republicans will take action this week to ensure the House speaks out against this hatred and stands with Israel and the Jewish people.
McCarthy: Members of the Democrat caucus have increasingly and alarmingly used anti-Semitic language which has no place in the halls of this Congress and undermines the shared values and unbreakable bonds between the United States and Israel.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) calls Democratic demand for a statutory cap on how many detainees ICE can keep is “really extreme.” Says it’s “not based on reality.” Adds it’s “an arbitrary number that a couple of lawmakers pulled out of thin air.”
Dem MN Rep Ihan Omar apologies for anti-Semetic language. Thanks Jewish colleagues for educating her.
Hse Dem ldrs including Pelosi: As Democrats and as Americans, the entire Congress must be fully engaged in denouncing and rejecting all forms of hatred, racism, prejudice and discrimination wherever they are encountered.
Hse Dem ldrs including Pelosi: Congresswoman Omar’s use of anti-Semitic tropes and prejudicial accusations about Israel’s supporters is deeply offensive.  We condemn these remarks and we call upon Congresswoman Omar to immediately apologize for these hurtful comments.
In addition, Fox has learned that a CR for the entire fiscal year for DHS won’t fly with Democrats. 		So..		If they ever do agree to a minibus for the other six outstanding bills…they may have to do another short-term for DHS for a few weeks.		And here we go again…
Fox is told that Shelby asked for the 3:30 meeting of border security conferees. They would like to try to get things back on track. But time is starting to slip off the clock and they need to prepare for contingencies later in the week.
The deadline to avoid a government shutdown https://t.co/Z8wiL5nTZU
Then again, the water is fouled so badly that the only option may be a short-term CR for everything or even a long-term CR for the entire fiscal year, ending September 30. 		Fox is told the President is willing to do a CR, both short term and long term.
A CR for everything means Democrats leave money for their programs on the table. This could be an incentive for Democrats to deal.		But Democrats would happily take six new bills glommed together as a “minibus” and a CR simply renewing all old DHS funding at current levels.
It’s possible appropriators could split the appra pkg - taking the six spending bills where there is agreement and moving them as “new” bills – and simply doing a CR for DHS. But, a CR for all bills is bad for Democrats. They scored a lot of domestic policy wins in those measures
With no agreement, the sides may have to approve an interim spending bill (known as a CR, short for “Continuing Resolution) to fund the government. Such a plan simply re-ups all spending at current levels.
With negotiations stalled, we expect the chairs and ranking members of the House and Senate appropriations panels to meet this afternoon at 3:30 pm et, once lawmakers get back into town. The key here now is avoiding a Saturday, not so much forging a deal on border security.
House/Senate both in session today. But all eyes are on border security conf cmte talks which stalled over the wknd as mbrs fear another gov’t shutdown at the end of the wk
Visitation in Dearborn, MI, today for late Dem MI Rep John Dingell
GOP NC Sen Burr on late NC GOP Rep Jones: Brooke and I were terribly saddened to hear about Walter’s passing..Having worked alongside him for nearly 25 years, I can tell you without hesitation that he left North Carolina, Congress, and our country better places than he found them
Pelosi: Congressman Jones was a gentleman who treated his colleagues on both sides of the aisle with kindness..He worked always in a spirit of bipartisanship to build a better future for his constituents..earning him the deep respect of all those who were fortunate
Updated House breakdown with the passing of late Rep. Walter Jones (R-NC):		432 members 		235 Democrats to 197 Republicans.		Three vacanies: North Carolina 9, former Rep. Tom Marino (R-PA) and Jones.
GOP NC Sen Thom Tillis: Congressman Walter B. Jones, Jr. was the true embodiment of a public servant. He will be long remembered for his tireless advocacy for Eastern North Carolina, which he loved dearly, and for always following his convictions, no matter the political cost.
GOP NC Rep Walter Jones passes away at age 76. Had been in hospice care. Jones often broke with his party and later opposed the war in Iraq
Hoyer: House Democrats will continue to oppose funding for a costly and unnecessary wall that does not make us safer or address the humanitarian challenges on our border.”
Hoyer on shutdown possibilty mentioned by Mulvaney. Says Mulvaney’s comments “were irresponsible and alarming. Instead of threatening another..shutdown, the Trump Administration ought to reassure federal employees, their families.. another shutdown is off the table”
Where we stand with the border security talks.  https://t.co/KZWSE4lS6s
Getting a deal to avert a shutdown this week could be hamstrung by a new House rule, requiring a full 72 hours to post bill text before a vote: https://t.co/hA09cPHcGq
Pallbearers for John Dingell’s Thursday’s service in Washington, speakers will include:	The Honorable Bill Clinton	The Honorable Steny Hoyer	The Honorable John Boehner
Pallbearers for John Dingell’s Tuesday’s service in Michigan, speakers will include:	The Honorable Joseph R. Biden Jr.	The Honorable John Lewis	The Honorable Fred Upton
Trump tweet: Well, it happened again. Amy Klobuchar announced..she is running for President, talking proudly of fighting global warming while standing in a..blizzard of snow, ice &amp; freezing temperatures. Bad timing. By the end of her speech she looked like	 a Snowman(woman)!
Dem border security conferee Roybal-Allard: For far too long the Trump admin has been tearing communities apart with its cruel immigration policies. A cap on ICE detention beds will force the Trump admin to prioritize deportation for criminals &amp; ppl who pose real security threats
Dem MN Sen Amy Klobuchar becomes the 2nd Dem senator to launch presidential bid this weekend, following Dem MA Sen Elizabeth Warren yesterday
Graham on Fox: I would advise the president to take somewhere near $2 billion for the wall, sign a bill that would give you that much money as a down payment and find the rest of the money on your own. Declare a national emergency if necessary to get the rest of the funding
Dems says claims that their proposed caps for ICE beds/detention "would allow violent criminals to be released are false. Our proposed cap will ensure that the Trump administration..targets violent felons and other people who pose security risks for deportation"
Dems say they proposed a cap on nmbr of ICE detention beds. Say the administration "is pursuing an out-of-control deportation policy focused on removing immigrants with no criminal records, many of whom have deep roots in their communities. This approach is cruel and wrong."
Trump tweet: was a very bad week for the Democrats with the GREAT economic numbers, The Virginia disaster and the State of the Union address. Now with the terrible offers being made by them to the Border Committee I actually believe they want a Shutdown. They want	 a new subject!
On border security conf cmte...		“The wall is a red herring for the Democrats,” added a GOP source. “We got stuck on an interior enforcement cap.”		Fox is told if they can’t resolve this soon, they are likely looking at a CR to try to avoid a shutdown.
On border security conf cmte.:The sides have not gotten stuck on a number for a physicial barrier..although that is not resolved. 		Republicans say Democrats are trying to put a cap on ICE’s ability to detain people..and count against the cap various convicts and felons.
I reported on Friday, some key sources indicated things were stating to go sour with border security conf cmte. Some key players were getting pessimistic. And one of the issues was interior enforcement/ICE.
Dem MT Sen Tester on Fox on if they can get a border security deal: “We could end up in a trainwreck.” GOP AL Sen Shelby says the chances of an accord are “50/50.”
Shelby on Fox: “The specter of a shutdown is always out there.”
Shelby on Fox on border security negotiwtions:	“I’m not confident we’re going to get there”
On Fox, Tester says he thinks they will get a deal on border security.
On Fox, Shelby says Trump gave conferees “some latitude” in the border security talks. Tester says “negotiations seldom go smooth all the way through.”
On Fox, Dem MT Sen Tester says the amount of money for a physical barrier is not settled. Says “we are not to a point where we can reach a deal.” Apps Cmte chair Shelby says “the talks are stalled now.” Says issue is over ICE agents.
Mulvaney on Fox on Dems investigating Trump but also conducting investigations: It’s very difficult to both
Mulvaney on if Congress should have oversight of Trump: He’s not trying to discourage them from doing that..it’s not reasonable for the President to work with you on Monday on a big infrastructure bill and on Tuesday have you punch him in the face over 15 different investigations
On Fox, WH’s Mulvaney expects mtg w/lawmakers on drug pricing this wk
Colleague Mike Emanuel rpts sr Dem aide says “Talks have broken down because Senate GOPers are refusing to compromise on limits to the Trump admin’s cruel immigration policies. A deal that includes new physical barriers must also include limits on the nbr of ICE detention beds”
On Fox, Mulvaney says “the government shutdown is still on the table”
On Fox, WH CoS Mulvaney says “I just don’t know where the Democrats are” when it comes to getting money for a physical barrier. “This is going to get built, with or without Congress.” Adds “I’m not going to say what the President will or won’t sign”
Trump tweet: The Democrats just don’t seem to want Border Security. They are fighting Border Agents recommendations. If you believe news reports, they are not offering much for the Wall. They look to be making this a campaign issue. The Wall will get built one way or the other!
Trump tweet: The Democrats in Congress yesterday were vicious &amp; totally showed their cards..When the Republicans had the Majority they never acted with such hatred &amp; scorn! The Dems are trying to win an election in 2020 that they know they cannot legitimately win!
Dem VA Sen Kaine: Lieutenant Governor Fairfax should resign. The allegations against him detail atrocious crimes, and he can no longer effectively serve the Commonwealth. We cannot ever ignore or tolerate sexual assault.
Dem VA Sen Warner: Today's news is devastating. Sexual assault is never acceptable, and survivors of violence and harassment deserve to be heard. ​If these allegations concerning Lieutenant Governor Fairfax are accurate, then they are clearly disqualifying and he must resign.
Prospects to avoid a government shutdown next week? https://t.co/DQOGy4vsMh
The Week in Washington https://t.co/WT0eGCm6ro
Dem VA Rep Bobby Scott:	The recent allegations against Lt Gov Fairfax are disturbing &amp; extremely serious. Both allegations must be investigated immediately. If either is found to be true – and there appears to be significant corroborating evidence – then the Lt Gov should resign
Menendez: The Trump admin showed..it is willing to ignore US law..to stonewall accountability for the murder of Jamal Khashoggi..The Admin failed to meet its legal requirement to make a determination of responsibility for this..murder &amp; report to Congress
Flags on CapHill flying at half-staff to honor the late Dem MI Rep John Dingell https://t.co/nIMqMy0kDF
A little more than 1 wk to fund the gov’t to avoid another gov’t shutdown. Likely this office will be humming this wknd &amp; could be central to averting a shutodwn next Friday night around this time https://t.co/7DDyXsN7B0
Dem VA Reps Connolly/Beyer/Wexton/Luria/Spanberger: Lt. Governor Fairfax has also shown exceptionally poor judgment in his handling of these allegations. He repeatedly attacked his accuser..For these reasons we believe that Justin Fairfax cannot continue to serve
From MajLdr’s office: “Tuesday, February 12, 2019, votes are no longer expected in the House.” This is due to funeral mass for late Dem MI Rep John Dingell in MI. Mbrs will travel to MI for funeral mass
Dem VA Rep Gerry Connolly calls on Justin Fairfax to resign
Dem VA Rep McEachin: Given recent developments, I believe that it is best for the Commonwealth of Virginia if Justin Fairfax dealt with these accusations as a private citizen. He can no longer serve us as the Lieutenant Governor of Virginia.”
Dem VA Rep Jennifer Wexton &amp; Dem NJ Sen Cory Booker call on VA Lt Gov Justin Fairfax to resign
Dem VT Sen Leahy on sanctions over Khashoggi. Deadline was today. "If the President ignores the clear mandate of the Magnitsky Act in a case involving premeditated murder..the White House will share the blame for attempting to cover up the crime"
Amid VA potitical chaos, NRCC trying to target trio of freshman House Dems Wexton, Luria &amp; Spanberger. Questioning their comments on Lt. Gov Fairfax &amp; watching for missteps. VA is battleground state. All represent swing districts.
casket of late Dem MI Rep John Dingell will be driven past the Capitol on the East plaza. Time not set yet. Funeral mass for Dingell is Thursday at Holy Trinity Catholic Church in DC. Reception will follow at Georgetown University
Acting AG Whitaker hearing ending. Nadler tells Whitaker his testimony "was at best inconsistent" &amp; "not credible." Nadler says he will recall Whitaker back for an interview under subpoena if necessary. Reminds Whitaker there are outstanding questions he expects to be answered
Trump tweet: Deepest sympathies to Congresswoman Debbie Dingell and the entire family of John Dingell. Longest serving Congressman in Country’s history which, if people understand politics, means he was very smart. A great reputation and highly respected man.
Dem FL Rep Demings tells Acting AG Whitaker he has made "a mockery" of the criminal justice system.
Fox is told to expect a ceremony for late Dem MI Rep Dingell in DC mid-week next week. Expect a Congressional delegation to fly to MI for svcs early in the wk. Fox is told Dingell won't lie in state in Rotunda or in Hse chbr. Likely to be buried at Arlington Nat'l Cemetery
Trump orders US flags lowered to half-staff to honor late Dem MI Rep John Dingell, the longest serving lawmaker in US history
Republicans and Democrats exchanged offers yesterday on the border security conference cmte. Fox is told Republicans are supposed to send back an offer to Democrats shortly. But Fox is told there is still a lot to do to finish the bill
Fox has STARTED to hear a little bit of rattling around about an interim spending bill to bridge the gap for a few days if conferees can’t sort this out by early next week. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) appeared opposed to that when pressed by Fox late Thursday
Fox is told Dems are adding restrictions as to how the money could be spent. 2nd, Democrats are going back into PREVIOUS spending measures from other fiscal years to impose limitations. Dem limits on ICE beds is still an issue
If Dem conferees want SOME money for a physical barrier, they will want something in exchange. consider this from conferee Rep. Lucille Roybal-Allard (D-CA): “Like in any negotiation, Republican want some form of physical barriers. It’s what do we get in exchange for that?”
Fox is told the number devoted to a physical barrier would be above $1.3 billion and may top out at $1.6 billion. There was hope the money for a wall, border, fencing or whatever you want to call it, would be much higher. But it doesn’t appear Dems would bend much further
The TOTAL size of the DHS spending bill will likely to clock in around $49 billion. If conferees were to explode spending for the wall, then they would have to cut other DHS priorities, potentially jeopardizing nat'l security. As one source put it “you don’t get your icebreaker”
On the border security talks, now this: President Trump IS NOT going to get $5.7 billion for a wall. And it’s doubtful he will get even $2 billion.
IF there is to be an agreement, it would likely require a wide swath of Hse Dems/GOpers…potentially with the blessing of Pelosi. Conservatives &amp; liberals would likely oppose the pact. A coalition in the middle could provide the votes
On border funding, source told Fox “It’s not going to be good no matter what they reach and he won’t sign it.”		Even so, the trick, as always, is getting the votes.		You’ve heard me say this before: it’s about the math, it’s about the math, it’s about the math.
Some border security sources conceded to Fox that while they thought they would be able to reach an accord, they were worried Trump wouldn’t sign the measure. Part of that is because Trump can be unpredictable The other part is…Trump won’t get full money for the border wall.
One knowledgeable Congressional source confided in Fox that they were more skeptical of getting a border security agreement today than yesterday.
Hearing very mixed things about the state of play on securing a spending agreement next week on border security and to avert a government shutdown.		Offers have been traded. More offers coming.
McCarthy on the on the Green New Deal:	It has a lot of work to go forward...I think we could find common ground		McCarthy on the on the Green New Deal:	I think there are challenges even in her own conference
McCarthy:	I cannot see Speaker Pelosi’s belief that there would not be $1 for a wall for barrier		McCarthy on a potential border security agreement:	If it came to the floor, the votes would be there
McCarthy on the pressure on House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) on a border security package:	The Speaker would have to be the one to bring that to the floor. The President has been flexible
McCarthy on the conferees on border security:	This weekend will tell us a lot about where this is going 		McCarthy on if the President would sign the package to avoid a shutdown:	I can’t say what the President can and can’t do...I have not seen the action on that side
Border security conferee Cuellar on talking w/Mulvaney about getting a deal on border security during wkd mtg at Camp David 		Cuellar:	It’s going to come up..I’m goinf to talk to the Chief of Staff and say ‘Hey guys, you’ve got to pay attention to the details’
At hearing, acting AG Whitaker refuses to answer questions from Dem TN Rep Cohen over whether he is presiding over what he terms a “witch hunt”
McCarthy on passing of late Dem MI Rep John Dingell:	You have to respect his service		McCarthy on Dingell:	He was very good on Twitter
Nadler when asked if he is satisfied so far with what Whitaker has said in the hrng:	 “Nope”
Visitation for late fmr Dem MI Rep Dingell will be February 11, 2019 from 11:00 am to 8:00 pm, a visitation will be held at the Ford Community and Performing Arts Center in Dearborn, MI. Mass Tuesday at Sacred Heart Catholic Church, Dearborn, MI. DC events upcming
Juidicary Cmte hrg with Acting AG Matt Whitaker will resume after the House completes current vote series
Colleague Rich Edson rpts today is the deadline for the admin to potentially implement sanctions over the killing of Jamal Khashoggi under the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act. Congress gives admin 120 days to respond
Curious timing  https://t.co/6aibn6Nduj
House now observing a moment of silence for late Dem MI Rep John Dingell
Hoyer says Dingell wasn’t always right but “he not only wanted to repeal the Senate but to replace it”
Funny moment on the flr where Hoyer calls McCarthy the “Majority Leader.” GOP applauds
Commemoration now underway on the House flr for late Dem MI Rep John Dingell who died yesterday. McCarthy: “Public service matters”
Top GOPer on Hse Judiciary Doug Collins calls hearing “a character assassination on Whitaker..all pure political theatre”
Nader to Whitaker at hrng: Your decision to refuse to recuse (on the Mueller probe) fell well short of the mark
Hse Judiciary Cmte starting shortly with acting AG Whitaker testifying without subpoena
Jaime Harrison, fmr Clyburn flr director &amp; DNC official announces bid to challenge GOP SC Sen Graham
Hse Judiciary Cmte to hold hrng today with Acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker. Expect discussion about state of the Mueller probe
Dem MI Sen Peters: Chairman Dingell will always be with us because his legacy will be forever woven into the history of Michigan and our country. Colleen and I are grieving with Debbie and the Dingell family as we remember the extraordinary Dean of the House.
John Dingell Jr., the longest-serving member in the history of Congress has died at age 92.		Dingell served 21,572 days in Congress from December, 1955 through January, 2015. He succeeded his father in the House of Representatives.
Dem MI Sen Stabenow: John Dingell—the Dean of the Hse &amp; my dear friend—was not merely a witness to history. He was a maker of it. His original family name, translated into Polish, meant ‘blacksmith.’ Nothing could be more fitting for a man who hammered out our nation’s laws
RNC’s McDaniel: Our nation mourns the passing of a legend..as the longest-serving congressman in U.S. history, John represented the people of Michigan with high honor, great humor, and a bigger heart.
Pelosi: Chairman Dingell was our distinguished Dean and Chairman, our legendary colleague and a beloved friend. His memory will stand as an inspiration to all who worked with him or had the pleasure of knowing him. His leadership will endure
Pelosi: During every Congress since 1955..Dingell introduced legislation to secure affordable, quality health care..in 1965, he gaveled Medicare into law. In 2010, it was my privilege to hold that same gavel as we passed the Affordable Care Act
Pelosi: Today, we have lost a beloved pillar of the Congress and one of the greatest legislators in American history...John Dingell leaves a towering legacy of unshakable strength, boundless energy and transformative leadership.
Fox has obtained a letter Nadler sent to Acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker earlier in the day. The missive says Whitaker can testify without the subpoena and looks forward to the hearing. The  committee minority is copied. But Fox is told GOP never got the letter.
In a 2008 debate about tobacco &amp; the FDA, John Dingell famously told Boehner “people are killing themselves smoking these evil cigarettes..the distinguished gentleman..is going to be amongst the next to die. He is committing suicide every time he puffs on one of those”
John Dingell suffered from  health problems in his later years. In October 2008, he underwent knee replacement surgery and was later hospitalized for post-surgical complications. He also received two heart operations and treatment for an artificial hip.
John Dingell presided over the start of the Hse debate on the health care legislation on Nov 7, 2009, and later, when the chamber passed the final health care bill in March 2010, he lent Pelosi the same gavel he had used when he presided over the passage of Medicare in 1965.
Late Dem MI Rep John Dingell was longtime chair or top Dem on Energy &amp; Commerce Cmte. Lost ldrshp battle to Waxman in 2008.
In 27 consecutive elections, late MI Rep John Dingell won less than 60 percent of the vote only twice: in 1994 and 2010, during landmark Republican waves.
In 1955, John Dingell’s father died while still in office, leaving a vacancy for a seat he had held for 22 years. The younger Dingell, then 29, subsequently made his entry into politics by running in the special election to replace him.
Late Rep John Dingell first stepped onto the House floor when he was only six years old. Throughout his childhood, he often visited the Capitol with his father, Rep. John Dingell Sr. (D-MI), whose district he would later represent. The younger Dingell served as a House page
Office of Dem MI Rep Debbie Dingell: It is with a heavy heart that we announce the passing of John David Dingell, Jr., former Michigan Congressman and longest-serving member of the United States Congress. Congressman Dingell died peacefully today at his home in Dearborn
Trump tweet: Highly respected Senator Richard Burr, Chairman of Senate Intelligence, said today that, after an almost two year investigation, he saw no evidence of Russia collusion. “We don’t have anything that would suggest there was collusion by the Trump campaign and Russia.”
DoJ: Acting Attorney General Whitaker looks forward to voluntarily appearing at tomorrow’s hearing and discussing the great work of the Department of Justice.
Dem TX Rep Al Green: Because I believe that 400 years of bigotry culminating in the Trump presidency is worthy of impeachment, I will call for a third vote on impeachment regardless of the findings of the Mueller investigation which is unrelated to bigotry.
Cummings: I am saddened to learn of the passing of Orioles legend Frank Robinson..Beyond his astonishing Hall of Fame career, Robinson broke the color barrier as the first African American MLB manager...His impact on the game of baseball, the state of MD..is immeasurable
Unclear if the Whitaker hrng unfolds Fri. Could happen w/Whitaker. Could cancel hrng if Whitaker doesn't show. Or cmte coud meet, note that Whitaker isn't present (complete w/empty chair, nameplate, glass of ice water gathering sweat beads) &amp; mbrs could trade barbs on the dais
Top Dem on Senate Judiciary Cmte Feinstein: Barr may be a fine lawyer &amp; a former attorney general, but the situation in which we find ourselves – and the manner in which Mr. Barr has chosen to interpret the law – leaves too many questions about whether he can be an impartial AG
WH's Sanders: The fact that..Nadler would try to force the public disclosure of private conversations that he knows are protected by law proves he only wants to play politics. The Chairman should focus on helping the..ppl rather than wasting time playing pointless political games
Nadler to Whitaker: If you appear before the Committee tomorrow morning and if you are prepared to respond to questions from our Members, then I assure you that there will be no need for the Committee to issue a subpoena on or before February 8.
McConnell teed up a prospective confirmation vote on Attorney General nominee William Barr for next week. Filed cloture to end debate. Will need 51 yeas. Vote likely mid-week. Senate needs flr clear late next wk for possible border security bill to avert a shutdown
Possible path to a border security deal. Fox has learned that conferees a mulling offering Trump more than $1.3b for border barriers/walls/fencing. Dems may then impose restrictions on the money, perhaps even reaching back into PREVIOUS fiscal yrs.
From colleague Jake Gibson: Acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker is standing firm and will not appear before the House Judiciary Committee on Friday, “Under threat of a subpoena,” according to Senior Department of Justice officials.
USCP: The USCP is responding to demonstration activity in the Rotunda of the Russell Senate Office Building. All other personnel are directed to avoid the area until further notice.
Hse Ways/Means Cmte hearing on getting release of President Trump's tax returns now starting
Shelby on how close the border security conferees are to an agreement: We're pretty close. But we’re not closed. We’re not THAT close
Shelby on border security mtg w/Trump: I don’t know he’d sign whatever we came up with. I believe he was reasonable with us...the next 72 hours are very important on the staff level. I see some sunshine.
GOP GA Rep Rob Woodall will retire. NRCC: We look forward keeping this seat in Republican hands and to nominating a top-notch Republican candidate who will protect individual freedom and expose the Democratic agenda for what it truly is - socialism.
Top GOPer on Hse Judiciary Cmte Doug Collins dismissed suggestions that Whitaker threatened not to come to Fri hrng due to subpoena..almost to the minute the SENATE Judiciary Cmte voted to send to the flr the nomination of AG nominee Wm Barr, all but guaranteeing confirmation
Top GOPer on Hse Judiciary Cmte Collins subpoening Whitaker:	They are trying to get a hit on an outgoing (acting) Attorney General		Collins:	This was a theatrical moment		Collins:	They wanted the person overseeing the Mueller investigation
Top GOPer on Hse Judiciary Cmte Doug Collins on Dems subpoening Whitaker	This is not something you do to cooperative witness		Collins:	It is going to put a chilling effect on other witnesses		Collins:	It puts the hearing in jeopardy
Graham on border security conf cmte: If we leave them alone, we’ll find a way forward and the president may not get all he wants..but I recommend this would be probably a good downpayment...there are other ways to do it and I expect the president to go it alone on in some fashion
From colleague Kelly Phares. Ocasio-Cortez on no price for Green New Deal: The resolution itself does not have a price tag on it, which is why we address each individual project on its own..it does not outline or perscribe a specific tool.		I
Trump on if Whitaker testifies tomorrow: I would say if he did testify, he'd do very well. He’s an outstanding person
Trump on possible border deal: I hear they're working on something...we'll see what happens..both sides are moving along..We need border security.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) on the optimism of border security conferees:	I’m hopeful. I don’t like the idea of a short-term CR (stopgap spending bill). And I’d like to get all of last year’s (appropriations) work wrapped up
Sen Mazie Hirono (D-HI) on Ocasio-Cortez’s Green New Deal &amp; trying to cut down on air air travel.		“That would be pretty hard for Hawaii”
Shelby on the wall money for later years:	This is a big battle. But it’s only part of the war
Shelby on if the President would declare a national emergency anyway if conferees forge a borde security deal:	I would think he wouldn’t
Shelby on border security talks:	The trajectory is very positive right now
Shelby on status of border conf cmte talks:	We’re into substance		Shelby:	Our staff is working on a high-level over the weekend		Shelby on the certainty of Pelosi (there wouldn’t be a shutdown again:	Certainty? There is a lot of uncertainty
Shelby on border security mtg w/Trump:	If we work this out in the context we were talking today..he would sign it
Apps Cmte Chair Shelby after mtg w/Trump on gov’t funding: “It’s the most positive meeting I’ve had with the President.” Thinks Trump would sign the bill if they get a deal
Whitaker letter to Nadler: Consistent with longstanding practice, I remain willing to appear to testify tomorrow, provided that the Chairman assures me that the Committee will not issue a subpoena today or tomorrow
Colleague Jake Gibson rpts acting AG Whitaker won’t go to tomorrow’s hearing if Judiciary Cmte Chair Nadler won’t withdraw subpoena
AG nominee Barr voted out of cmte. Party line vote: 12-10. Next stop is confirmation on the flr next week
Colleague Ellison Barber confirms Dem VA Rep Bobby Scott was made aware of allegations involving VA Lt Gov Fairfax a year ago. But Scott did not know the details. Scott aide says Tyson &amp; Scott corresponded about the allegation more than a yr ago
Dem MA Sen Markey/Dem NY Rep Ocasio-Cortez now introducing their "Green New Deal"
Jordan/Meadows/Doug Collins write to Dep AG Rosenstein &amp; FBI Dir Wray asking of DoJ leaked sealed, non-public indictment against Roger Stone to press
Dem AL Sen Doug Jones to vote to confirm Barr as AG
Colleague John Roberts rpts WH CoS Mulvaney is inviting group of Dems/GOPers to Camp David this weekend. No word on names. Described as an effort just to get people connecting and talking
Fox is told conversations continue about tacking on money for supplemental disaster assistance for hurricanes and wildfires to the border security pkg. The biggest questions are for Puerto Rico and California.
Fox is told the magic day to file the border security cont rpt will likely be Mon. That is cutting things a little close, especially the House’s new “72 hour rule” to consider legislation once it’s posted and all of the parliamentary traps which you may have to run in the Senate.
Border security conf cmte talks are now getting to what are the “toughest” issues in the negotiations. “Perennial” problems which are the most nettlesome. Some of these issues extend beyond the wall debate. There are questions about interior enforcement, ICE agents and ICE beds.
House Appropriations Committee Chairwoman Nita Lowey (D-NY) has been rather circumspect on border security conf cmte talks. Reticence by key figures is often a signal that there’s a deal to be hand..and no one wants to say anything out of fear they could mess it up.
Multiple sources continue to express optimism in the border security conf cmte talks..although some indicated the optimism scared them and thought that could be setting the committee up for failure. That said, one source told Fox “we’re going to get a resolution to this.”
Dem CA Sen Harris: The history of black face in this country is the history of racism in this country..And it is for that reason its deeply troubling that anyone in the 20th or 21st Century would engage in that kind of behavior and that should be taken very seriously.
Dem CA Sen Harris on claim made against VA Lt Gov Fairfax: I think the letter written by the woman reads as a credible account and I think there should be an investigation to get to the bottom of it and determine the facts.
Trump met this am with Senate Apps Cmte Chair Shelby for briefing on status of border security conf cmte talks. Fox is told this should not be interpreted as a sign things are about to happen imminently on the talks
Like VA, Capitol grapples with history on race https://t.co/2aIFnBXV5T
Pelosi on the Green New Deal: "I haven’t seen it. I do know it is enthusiastic." Pelosi guides comments back to her Select Committee on the Climate Crisis
Pelosi on the President urging less oversight of his administration:	I am not commenting on what the President says about us..He is projecting his own unruliness
Pelosi on presidential oversight:	We will not surrender our Constitutional oversight..It’s a projection of his own adminsitration
Pelosi on the hearing today on the President’s tax returns:	I think the public wants to see his tax returns
Pelosi says Virginia issues won’t damage the national  Democratic brand:	Virginians will resolve their own issues..They have to have the confidence of the electorate
Pelosi on if there will be a shutdown:	I don’t think that is a question..I have confidence in appropriators
Pelosi:	I was disappointed there was no mention in the State of the Union on gun violence
Top GOPer on Hse Judiciary Cmte Collins on acting AG Whitaker subpoena: It is unfortunate, however, that the first subpoena to be issued by this committee constitutes such a departure from the norms that have governed subpoena usage here in Congress.
Dem mbrs of Select Cmte on Climate Crisis: Castor is chair. Lujan,	Bonamici, Casten, Huffman,	LevinCA, McEachin, Neguse
Senate Judiciary Cmte delays Barr AG cmte consideration/vote until 12:45 pm et.
Pelosi rolls out mbrs of Select Committee on the Climate Crisis just as Dem NY Rep Ocasio-Cortez makes push on resolution calling for a Green New Deal. Dem FL Rep Castor will chair Cmte
Graham says there will be a March 5 Judiciary Cmte hrng on the death of migrant children under care of CBP
Dem DE Sen Coons to oppose Barr nomination for AG
Sen. Ed Markey (D-MA) &amp; Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) introducing resolution today for a “Green New Deal”
A discussion about race  https://t.co/aH6vBKarf8
Trump tweet: The Dems and their cmtes are going “nuts.” The Republicans never did this to President Obama, there would be no time left to run gov’t. I hear other committee heads will do the same thing. Even stealing people who work at White House! A continuation of Witch Hunt!
Trump tweet: So now..Schiff announces, after having found zero Russian Collusion, that he is going to be looking at every aspect of my life, both financial and personal, even though there is no reason to be doing so. Never happened before! Unlimited Presidential Harassment....
Hse Ways and Means panel hrng today on "Legislative Proposals and Tax Law Related to Presidential and Vice-Presidential Tax Returns”
Hse Judiciary Cmte today marking up “Resolution authorizing issuance of a subpoena to Acting Attorney General Matthew G. Whitaker to secure his appearance and testimony at the hearing of the Committee regarding oversight of the U.S. Department of Justice”
Hse Education and Labor Cmte hrng today on “Gradually Raising the Minimum Wage to $15”
Senate Judiciary Cmte expected to vote on nomination of Wm Barr to be AG today. Flr vote next week
Dem MA Sen Warren on her saying she is not a Native American: I'm sure there are pundits who will have an answer for that. But understand this is from the heart. This is about my family my brothers. And it is about an apology from the heart.
Dem MA Sen Warren: Nothing about my background ever had anything to do with any job I got in any place.
From colleague Jason Donner. Dem MA Sen Warren: I am not a member of a tribe and I have apologized for not being more sensitive to that distinction. It's an important distinction.
Dem VA Sen Kaine: This week has just made me sick. From Friday to now and it’s been one round of bad news after the next and it’s shocking. The only silver lining is that Virginians are saying that these behaviors are unacceptable.
Dem MA Sen Elizabeth Warren apologizes for referring to herself Native American &amp; on State Bar of Texas registration card
Border security conferee Dem TX Rep Cuellar on if there will be a “wall”: “You can get caught up using that word. It’s a fence. You can call it enhanced barrier...It’s a win-win if you bring in the local folks.”
Border security conference committee member Cuellar says the sides will have to bring in “McConnell. Pelosi” to work out “little things.” Points out that President Trump “never used the word shutdown last night.”
McCarthy on Trump not wanting investigations: Look we will never give up our oversight role, but this country is too great for a small vision of just investigations..I think it should come to a close..I think the country wants to be able to solve the problems going forward.
Shelby on if the border security conferees can get deal: "The dialogue is good. The tone is good. We have a much better chance to get something than Monday."
Shelby says he had a good talk with Pelosi about the border security conference cmte. Shelby says Pelosi said "she would like to see a legislative solution, the sooner the better."
Dem VA Sen Kaine on allegations against Dem VA Lt Gov Fairfax: Any allegation of sexual assault has to be taken..seriously. But a person who has a claim has to be given complete space to bring the claim fwd..Until the person comes fwd I’m not really going to have a comment
From colleague Peter Doocy. Dem MN Sen Amy Klobuchar about her big announcement in Minneapolis on Sunday: It is not for the weak of heart. It is supposed to be 17 degrees.
From colleague Caroline McKee. Durbin on border security experts briefing conferees on border needs: “What’s the highest priority? They struggled with that because they didn’t want to break with the President, but it was clear to me..that the highest priority is technology.”
Fox confirms there were two other briefers meeting with the border security conferees:		Rudy Karisch, Chief of the Rio Grande Valley Sector of the CBP and John Wagner, Deputy Executive Assistant Commissioner of Field Operations for the CBP
Colleague John Roberts rpts the  officials who briefed border security conferees today were Carla Provost, Chief of the Border Patrol &amp;	Ntina Cooper, head of the CBP infrastructure program
Hoyer on bad health news of former Rep. John Dingell (D-MI):	I talked to Ms. Dingell yesterday...John Dingell was a giant legislator..I hope he does better
Colleague Ben Florance rpts Michael Cohen atty Michael Monico had “no comment” when asked about postponement of appearance before Hse Intel Cmte slated for Friday
Hoyer says GOPers ave up on WH  oversight “after they didn’t have Obama to kick around.” Hoyer also lashes out at GOPers “to have the temerity to assert that out ability to exercise oversight” would interfere with legislation. Specifically calls out GOPers for Benghazi probe
Hoyer on President Trump’s line suggesting Congress shouldn’t conduct oversight of uis administration if they were going to accomplish things:	If it was a threat, it was unfortunate..he seems to threaten everybody. It’s a pattern
Hoyer on if Congress can conduct oversight of Trump Administration and also work on legislation:	We can walk and chew gum at the same time
Hoyer on if President Trump would sign a border security conference report into law:	They’re going to be pretty disappointed if the President doesn’t agree after all of the hard work that’s been done
Hoyer on if he would waive the Hse Dems 72 hour rule if necessary to avoid a shutdown if border security conferees bleed into next week &amp; can’t post bill text late this week:	I could make that decision now or over the weekend. So we don’t need to worry about that now
Hoyer on the border security conference committee finishing text by Friday:	That’s really what our target is
Hoyer:	Another shutdown is not an acceptable alternative
Dem OH Sen Brown on Trump discouraging Congressional oversight: I think it’s just more threats..he shows no sense of understanding this office still
From colleague Jason Donner. Dem OH Sen Brown on Trump: He promised unity and he continues to divide. I was hoping he’d make a real proposal on infrastructure..I was hoping he would and come together and try to unify.
Hoyer:	I was deeply disappointed by the President’s speech..it reminded me more of his political rallies than State of the Union
From colleague Guerin Hays. Cummings on Trump discouraging Congreesional investigations: We are doing what is demanded by the constitution that is to be the check and balance on the executive branch. As a matter of fact, we’re sworn to do that. And we’re going to do that.
Sr appropriations source optimistic about border security talks. But says a short-term funding bill of a few days may be necessary to avoid a shutdown at the end of next week. Timing is tight
Apps Cmte Chair Lowey on efforts to avert a shutdown: We’re meeting. We’re trying to resolve as many issues as we can. We’re  autiously optimistic that we can conclude the process by Friday.
Scoring the fight. Trump interrupted by applause 98 times during one hour, 22 minute State of the Union speech https://t.co/oGtrpGp6Ie
Hse Dem Apps leaders write to Bureau of Prisons over concerns at jail in Brooklyn which had issues with water/heat. Lowey &amp; others: "We believe that the Bureau has failed to live up to those responsibilities in this case,”
Hse/Senate border security conf cmte Dems now receiving classified briefing on border security needs
Pelosi on Hse/Senate border conferees: Left to their own devices I think they can have an agreement on time by Friday. It has to be signed, the conference report, by Fri. I spoke to Shelby, I told him, whatever you come to agreement on, bipartisanship agreement , I will support
Pelosi on Trump speech last night: 	We had a lot of members that hooted with the owls last night and soar with the eagles this morning.
Dem MI Rep Debbie Dingell says she is home with her 92 yr husband, fmr Dem MI Rep John Dingell who is ailing. Says "we have entered a new phase." Asks for prayers. John Dingell is the longest serving mbr in Congressional history serving from 1955 to 2015.
Intel Cmte chair Schiff: “In the interests of the investigation, Michael Cohen’s testimony has been postponed until February 28th.” Closed door interview was planned for Friday
Hse Judiciary Cmte hrng today on preventing gun violence
Hse Foreign Affairs Cmte hrng today on “US Policy in the Arabian Peninsula"
Hse hrng today on. “Texas v. U.S.: The Republican Lawsuit and Its Impacts on Americans with Pre-Existing Conditions”
Hse Armed Svcs hrng today on impact of gov’t shutdown
Hse hearing on Trump Admin’s approach to Obamacare today
Closed Hse Defense Appe Subcommittee hearing entitled "World Wide Threat Assessment and Intelligence Community Posture Hearing” today
U.S. Border Patrol to brief Hse/Senate border security conferees today on their needs for the border, as the sides try to cut a deal to avert a shutdown next week
Pelosi: Tonight, the President spoke about the honor of being in the House Chamber, and all the progress that has been achieved here.  But at the same time, he threatened the United States Congress not to exercise its constitutional responsibility of oversight.
After it seemed like it might not happen a few weeks ago, State of the Union 2019 is in the books https://t.co/tFuOON0k1h
Pelosi says she's appreciative of Trump saluting all of the female House members. But notes the number of Dem women far exceed the number of GOP women
Pelosi: It will take days to fact-check all the misrepresentations that the President made tonight. Instead of fear-mongering and manufacturing a crisis at the border, President Trump should commit to signing the bipartisan conference committee’s bill to keep government open
Pelosi on what she liked about Trump's speech:	I liked when he acknowledged the large amount of women..I love how the women rose to the occasion
Pelosi on if the President said anything to derail the border security talks:	I’m optimistic about what the appropriators are doing..The only problem is if he would would stand in the way of that path
Pelosi upset that Trump didn't discuss gun violence in his speech: 		Pelosi:	He totally ignored the gun violence victims 		Pelosi:	They were just so saddened that he didn’t mention them		Pelosi on other types of violence:	He did so with his fear mongering on immigrants
Dem MN Sen Amy Klobuchar to make announcement in Minneapolis on Sunday about her future political plans
Rep. Ted Yoho (R-FL) on Trump speech:	He didn’t attack the Democrats..what he did tonight was unify the country		Yoho:	This was the mos moving speech I ever heard..it shows his caring for the country
Dem DE Sen Coons on the President’s plan to combat childhood cancer, mentioning $500 million over a multi-year period:	It struck me as a very low number.
Sen. Chris Coons (D-DE) on the President’s plan to combat AIDS:	Great! How?
Dem DE Sen Coons on Trump speech: “There were a number of potentially engaging proposals. They lacked details”
From colleague Jason Donner. Dem NY Rep Ocasio-Cortez on Trump when he talked about socialism: “I thought it was great. I think he’s scared.”
Trump motorcade leaves the Capitol, bound for the White House
Partial list of mbrs who shook hands w/Trump as he left the chanber: McConnell, YoungIN, JohnsonWI, GravesGA, Williams, Buchanan, Long, Rouzer, Hice, Lesko, JohnsonLA, Foxx, LaMalfa, Meadows, Gaetz, DuncanSC, Babin, Radewagen, Allen, Loudermilk
Speech ran 1 hr, 22 minutes &amp; 27 seconds. Was interupted DURING the speech 98 times. Trump’s previous speeches averaged a little more than 70 minutes
A State of the Union first. House chamber spontaneously bursts into a round of singing “Happy Birthday” to Holocaust &amp; Pittsburgh massacre survivor Judah Samet on his 81st birthday. Trump: “They wouldn’t do that for me, Judah.”
At the one hour mark of the speech, lawmakers have interrupted Trump 80 times with rounds of applause
Big applause as Trump notes “more women serving in Congress than ever before.” Dem Hse women, dressed in white rise. Applaud. Chamber starts to chant “USA! USA! USA!”
Trump on the wall in SOTU: I will get it built
Trump: If there is going to be peace and legislation there cannot be war and investigations. It just doesn’t work that way
Trump says investigations could impede American progress. Now taking on the Senate over confirmations.
In less than 17 minutes of his speech, Trump has been interupted by applause 28 times so far
Partial list of members with whom Trump shook hands as he entered the House chamber: Cruz, JohnsonLA, LaMalfa, KellyMS, Foxx, Van Drew, Duffy, GravesGA, Gohmert, Rouzer, Weber, Williams, Long, DavidScottGA, Langevin, Rush, McGovern.
Standing ovation for Trump as he enters the House chamber lasts 3 minutes, 57 seconds once he was introduced by Hse Sgt at Arms Paul Irving
Hse Sergeant at Arms Paul Irving will introduce Trump to the Joint Session of Congress with “Madam Speaker, the President of the United States.”
Cabinet now being escorted into House chamber
First Lady Melania Trump enters Hse chamber. Was still wearing a black glove on her left hand only. No glove on her right hand
Supreme Court justices now entering the chamber for SOTU.
Colleague John Roberts rpts Energy Sec Rick Perry is the designated survivor for tonight’s SOTU. Is 15th in line of succession if all spots were filled, in between Transportation &amp; Energy Secretaries
Trump motorade now arriving on Capitol Hill
Trump motorcade now rolling toward the Capitol for State of the Union
445 fixed seats on the House floor  for the SOTU speech. 660 fixed seats in gallery. 140 temporary seats on the floor for dignitaries, the Supreme Court, the cabinet, the diplomatic corps. 250 standing room spots on both the House floor and the gallery above for others.
Pelosi gavels House to order. Pence being escorted into chamber. Will co-preside over SOTU with Pelosi in his role as President of the Senate
Trump excerpts: Both parties should be able to unite for a great rebuilding of America’s crumbling infrastructure.
Trump excerpts: Together, we can break decades of political stalemate. We can bridge old divisions, heal old wounds, build new coalitions, forge new solutions, and unlock the extraordinary promise of America’s future. The decision is ours to make.
Trump excerpts: We have a moral duty to create an immigration system that protects the lives and jobs of our citizens.
Senate now meeting. Senators massing in the hallways nearby to file over to the House chamber for State of the Union
As many Hse Dem women are wearing white to SOTU, Dem FL Rep Stephanie Murphy will wear red tonight, not white. Today is the start of the Lunar New Year. Red denotes prosperity..and wearing white on Lunar New Year is bad luck or denotes mourning
Nearly every House Democratic female present for SOTU tonight, swung by the office of House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) in the past hour or so. Almost all were wearing white. They are planning a “white out” on the House floor…akin to what fans of sports teams do inside an arena.
USCP putting road closures into effect for State of the Union. 	-Constitution Avenue from 1st Street NW to 2nd Street NE.	-Independence Avenue from Washington Avenue SW to 2nd Street SE.
Top Dem on Senate Apps Cmte Leahy on status of border security conf cmte: "We're purposely not giving out details because we are trying to work it out.”
Senate Apps Cmte Chair Shelby on conf cmte: “The environment has improved as far as the staff level and some of the personal level too. We are talking substance. We are making overtures both ways."
From colleague Sarah Tobianski. GOP MO Sen &amp; border security conferee Roy Blunt on conf cmte: “Both sides are moving a little bit from their original position. So we’ll see what happens.”
Senate now out until 8:25 pm et. Senate will meet &amp; senators will then walk to the House chamber for the Joint Session of Congress for State of the Union
Senate approves Mideast policy bill, 77-23. Assists Israel &amp; sanctions Syria. Also includes provision to oppose speedy Trump Administratoon troop withdrawal from Syria
Senate now voting on Mideast policy bill. Includes provision opposing Trump Administration’s withdrawal from Syria
Graham on if Trump declares a national emergency for the wall: "I would urge every Republican not to undercut the president.”
Graham on a border wall: I can tell you from a base point of view, of all the issues I've dealt with, this is the most energized. Most toxic. I think the President is on sound legal footing to go ahead and do this by himself if Congress can't reach an agreement
Schumer on chances of success/failure of conference committee:	Every time we leave it up to the conferees..they work it out	When the President interferes, there’s a problem..if the President stays out of it, the chances of an agreement are far better
Schumer on Democratic responder Stacey Abrams:	Stacey Abrams is going to do a great job. I’m glad President Trump will be the warmup act for Stacey Abrams
Schumer on barbs between he and President Trump:	The President hasn’t been acting on unity for two years...He’s always dividing
Senate Minority Whip Dick Durbin (D-IL) on the “prayers” by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) for the border security conferees:	As a conferee..I want to thank him for our prayers
Schumer:	If President Trump calls for a new era of bipartisanship, forgive me
Schumer:	The state of the Trump cabinet is chaos..we seem to chastise and even humiliate our allies.
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY):	President Trump will say the state of our union is strong. But the American people know the truth
McConnell on what he describes as Democratic obstruction on nominees:	It’s big and important, understandable. If it’s not and you’re just trying to throw sand in the gears, not understandable
McConnell on a border security conference report &amp; Trump:	We don’t yet know what the his view on this..we hope he would sign it
McConnell on a border security conference report:	I’d love to see us finish the work..we’d love him to sign it
McConnell on voting on a resolution of disapproval if the President declares a national emergency:	We don’t know the route the President is going to take. It is an expedited procedure...I’m going to withhold judgment on that
McConnell on if there is time to finish the border security:	Yeah. There’s plenty of time to do that. Things work quickly around when you have an agreement
Sen. Joni Ernst (R-IA) on the nomination of William Barr for Attorney General:	I hope we are able to get him out of committee and move him into the floor quickly..
Sen. Roy Blunt (R-MO), one of the border security conferees:	One of the logical things to do is meet with the experts and look at their priority list
McConnell on border security conferees being briefed tomorrow on border security needs tomorrow:	It strikes me as a good way to learn before making a final decision
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) on border security:	The conferees are having useful, bipartisan discussions..we pray for them each night and hope for the best
Bipartisan, bicameral mbrs of l border security conf cmte to get classified briefing on border security needs by DHS experts Wednesday at 10 am et. The goal here is for appropriators to respond to the needs of what the experts say is required on the border.
Among Pelosi’s guests for State of the Union: Chefs José Andrés &amp; Tyler Florence, DC Mayor Muriel Bowser &amp; AFL-CIO head Richard Trumka
Schumer: Knowing this president and his penchant for hyperbole, he will probably say the state of our union is stronger than it’s ever been before in our nation’s long history thanks to him. Knowing this president, he will rely on distortions and made-up facts
Schumer: The state of the union is not strong. The state of the Trump economy: failing America’s middle class. The state of Trump healthcare: failing American families. The state of the Trump administration: chaos. The state of Trump foreign policy: woefully backward, inside out.
Schumer: The president will say the state of our union is strong, but the American people know the state of the Trump administration is in chaos. No administration has had as much cabinet turnover as the Trump administration in over a century.
Judiciary Committee Chair Nadler schedules markup of resolution to authorize a subpoena for Acting Attorney General Matthew Whitaker on February 7, 2019.
CENTCOM Gen Votel tells Senate hrng he “was not consulted” when Trump made decision to withdraw troops from Syria
Head of Central Command Votel on ISIS to Senate hrng: We should expect that they will attempt to attack us and continue to regenerate themselves. We will continue to put pressure on them to prevent that..they have the capability of coming back together
Trump tweet: I see Schumer is already criticizing my State of the Union speech even though he hasn’t seen it yet. He’s just upset that he didn’t win the Senate after spending a fortune like he thought he would. Too bad we weren’t given more credit for the Senate win by the media!
GOP TX Sen Cornyn on disaster aid: It’s been a year and a half now since Hurricane Harvey and we’ve worked very hard on a bipartisan basis to get that funding. We want to see it delivered to the people who are still waiting and still hurting as a result of the hurricane.
From colleague Caroline McKee. Cornyn on a national emergency: I’m sure we’ll hear from the president about his authority. But we know if he were to do that it would likely end up in litigation and be dragged on for years, dragged on for years
For State of the Union: 445 fixed seats on the Hse flr. 660 fixed seats in the public gallery. 140 temporary seats on the floor for Joint Chiefs, the Supreme Court, cabinet &amp; diplomatic corps. 250 standing room spots on both the House floor and the gallery above for others.
Senate Armed Svcs Cmte hrng now underway. Expect lots of discussion about planned US withdrawal from Syria. Lots of pushback, especially from Senate GOPers on this issue
A Montana state lawmaker tries to protect journalists after an attack on a reporter by GOP MT Rep Gianforte https://t.co/tfIHdjTwdF
Senate expected to vote today on Mideast policy bill which sanctions Syria and assists Israel
Senate Armed Svcs Cmte hrng today. Expect lots of discussion about withdrawal from Syria
Article II, Section 3 of the Constitution says the President shall “from time to time” give Congress info on “the State of the Union.” That comes tonight at 9 pm et. Jt Session of Congress with Pelosi presiding
Does Ocasio-Cortez have staying power? https://t.co/XZw3Ll3bCk
Pelosi to Dems: Tomorrow, we look forward to welcoming President Trump..I am hopeful..we will hear a commitment..on issues that have bipartisan support in the Congress and the Country, such as lowering the price of prescription drugs and rebuilding America’s infrastructure.
Trump annnounces his State of the Union guests: https://t.co/8euPR7RzLC
GOP WI Sen Johnson on if Trump declares a nat'l emergency: As a Constitutionalist I’m highly concerned about how much Constitutional authority prior Congresses have given away to the executive..Hopefully the appropriators can come up (something)
GOP ME Sen Collins on if Trump declares a national emergency: I am concerned about it. I think it’s of dubious Constitutionality
Shelby on if Trump could say something at SOTU which could derail conf cmte from getting a border security deal: It could..It could be the opposite it could bring us together..We don't know. Sometimes dire circumstances brings people together
Shelby on holding a closed door briefing Wed for border security conferees. The theory is we will ask them what do they need. They're on the front line..these are the experts these are not politicians..We're trying to figure out how can we do a compromise
Apps Cmte Chair Shelby on border security conf cmte:  I'm optimistic to some point because our staffs are beginning to talk and work in suggest different things. But we've got to crystallize it and we've got just a few days left.
Top Dem on Senate Apps Cmte Leahy on if Trump could say something in SOTU which could derail border security conf cmte: The president spends a great deal of his day watching television and tweeting..So we have to try to be the grown ups and put this together.
Leahy on border security conf cmte: I think certainly in the Senate we could we could wrap this up fairly easily. We want to get something that can get a strong bipartisan agreement..I think I feel more confident today that might have a few days ago.
Top Dem on Senate Apps Cmte Leahy on state of play on border security conf cmte: We we worked all weekend long and we've been exchanging we've been exchanging ideas back and forth. There seems to be this is a rare occurrence. There seems to be a real effort to reach a conclusion.
Senate votes to halt debate on Mideast policy bill to sanction Syria &amp; assist Israel, 72-24
Dem VA Sen Warner repeatedly refers back to joint Saturday statement with Kaine on Northam. Would only says that Virginia has “to find a way to move forward.”
Senate now voting to end debate on Mideast policy bill. This needs 60 yeas
The Senate has ok’d a McConnell amdt opposing a speedy withdrawal from Syria, 70-26. The vote is the latest in a series of foreign policy rebukes to President Trump by Republican senators. Adoption of the amendment means it will be inciuded in the underlying Mideast policy bill
From colleague Jason Donner. Dem VA Sen Kaine on Northam: lt’s his decision to make but..we reached a conclusion and shared it with him and put that out Saturday night and he’s just lost the confidence of enough people that I think the right thing for him to do is step down.
Appropriations Cmte chair Shelby says border security conferees need to “crystallize” language in potential accord. Says if Trump declares a national emergency in SOTU, that could actually drive conferees to get a deal by making things “dire”
Schumer saysn"the continuity and effectiveness of American government has been compromised by turmoil at the White House."
Schumer lays into Trump admin. Says it’s “embroiled in chaos and incompetence" with "under qualified staffers" that "cycle in and out of powerful positions," "Cabinet secretaries fired over Twitter”
Top Dem on Senate Apps Cmte Leahy says he is more optimistic about border security conference cmte getting a deal than he “was a few days ago.” Says it’s up to conferees to get a deal “and be the adults in the room” regardless of what Trump says in speech tomorrow night
Senate now voting on McConnell amendment opposing a speedy withdrawal from Syria. Is part of Mideast policy bill
Five things to know about Pelosi as border security conferees try to get a deal: 5) Pelosi also faces pressure from Hse Dem freshman class. They are a different breed. They don’t want to see a shutdown, either. New mbrs could pressure ldrs to get a deal to avoid a 2nd shutdown
Five things to know about Pelosi as border security conferees try to get a deal: 4) Pelosi knows that it’s good for many of her moderate freshman Democrats from swing districts to vote for border security.
Five things to know about Pelosi as border security conferees try to get a deal: 3) Pelosi has fought against the President. She must strike the right balance toward standing firm on her principles, yet forging a compromise
Five things to know about Pelosi as border security conferees try to get a deal: 2) Pelosi must also stick to her position of no money for a “wall.” The question is whether Pelosi can abide whatever the final language is in the legislation and if it could seen/not seen as a wall
Five things to know about Pelosi in as border security conferees try to get a deal: 		1) Pelosi a former member of the Appropriations Committee. Appropriations and deals are in her DNA. She would like to see them cut a deal.
On border security conf cmte: Everyone is watching to see what Trump says tomorrow night in his State of the Union address. Fox is told that vitriol or dire warnings that he will declare a national emergency COULD poison the well for appropriators trying to forge an accord.
Fox is told they really think the deadline to get a border security deal iis Sunday night. That way, the House can go into the week with a bill which can go to the floor mid-week and have the Senate follow up at the very end of next week to meet the deadline.
On border security conference cmte, Fox is told there  is a push – especially on the Senate side – to have a mid-week, classified briefing for conferees on border security. That is not set in stone.
Appropriations staff worked over the weekend &amp; today on border security issues. We are told there could be some member-to-member talks starting tomorrow as both the House and Senate are in town. The Senate met late this afternoon. The House is not here at all today.
Border security conferees have been trying to separate “border security” and “non-border security” issues out in the conversations. In other words, items in the DHS budget which specifically deal with border security..and other DHS responsibilities such as aviation/TSA
On border security talks: 1 sr source close to the negotiations indicated to Fox today they “optimistic." Another was “upbeat” 		They are not planning another public session..which frankly might harm the discussions. Appropriators work best offstage.
Dem CT Sen Blumenthal if he thinks AG nominrr Barr is trying to protect the President by refusing to commit to release Mueller rpt: “I’m not going to speculate on his motives or what his commitments might be”
Dem CT Sen Blumenthal met w/AG nominee Barr today. Won’t back his nomination. Blumenthal: “The defining moment for me was his declining to commit to release the Special Counsel’s report”
Dem CT Sen Blumenthal suggests there will be “cover up” if there are issues found to be with the President in the Mueller report and  the report is not released publicly. Will not support the nomination
Dem CT Sen Blumenthal met with AG nomineee Barr this aftenoon. 		Blumenthal:	I have differences with him on policies		Blumenthal:	The defining moment for me was his declining to commit to release the Special Counsel’s report
Trump tweet: I am pleased to announce that David Bernhardt, Acting Secretary of the Interior, will be nominated as Secretary of the Interior. David has done a fantastic job from the day he arrived, and we look forward to having his nomination officially confirmed!
House Administration Cmte holds listening session on voting rights/elections in Brownsville, TX today
Dem NY Rep Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is one of the biggest names now in politics. Does she have staying power? https://t.co/fWtmXpOZpf
Senate in session this pm. Possible vote to adopt McConnell amdt opposing withdrawal from Syria. Senate also likely to vote to end debete on Mideast policy bill. Needs 60 yeas
GOP TN Rep &amp; border security conferee Chuck Fleischmann on visit to border: I was able to speak with border security agents to better understand the situation from the men and women who are the experts. The insight they provided will be critical to future discussions
Civil rights figure Rep John Lewis (D-GA) on the field for the coin toss at the Super Bowl
McConnell on Conferate flag: There should be no confusion in anyone’s mind that as a people we’re united in our determination to put that part of our history behind us.
McConnell: The Confederate Battle Flag means different things to different people, but the fact that it continues to be a painful reminder of racial oppression..suggests to me..it’s time to move beyond it, and that the time for a state to fly it has long since passed
Border security conferee GOP Sen Hoeven on Fox on a nat’l emergency: If we can’t get compromise out of Spkr Pelosi and a good solution then he would be forced to go the national emergency route then
Dem TX Rep &amp; border security conferee Cuellar on Fox: If we don’t get outside pressure the committee can sit down and work this out.
Dem TX Rep Cuellar &amp; border security conferee on Fox: We are not going to have a wall. Now, can look at some sort of enhanced barrier that’s certainly something we can look at..but again Washington cannot dictate what sort of barrier and where to put it at.
GOP ND Sen Hoeven, a border security conferee, on Fox: I think we can get to a solution but it does need to include barrier funding, it needs to include personnel, technology and funding for a border barrier
Trump tweet:	Ed Gillespie, who ran for Governor of the Great State of Virginia against Ralph Northam, must now be thinking Malpractice &amp; Dereliction of Duty with regard to his Opposition Research Staff. If they find that terrible picture before the election, he wins by 20 points!
Dem VA Sens Warner/Kaine:	Governor Northam has served the people of the Commonwealth faithfully for many years, but the events of the past 24 hours have inflicted immense pain and irrevocably broken the trust Virginians must have in their leaders. He should step down
Dem VA Sens Warner/Kaine: After we watched his press conference today, we called Governor Northam to tell him that we no longer believe he can effectively serve as Governor of Virginia and that he must resign.
Dem VA Reps Beyer/Connolly: The only way to overcome that history is to speak and act with absolute moral clarity. It is for that reason the Governor must step aside and allow the process of healing to begin under the leadership of Lt. Governor Justin Fairfax.
Dem VA Reps Beyer/Connolly: We expected Governor Northam to resign this morning. Nothing we have heard since changes our view that his resignation is the only way forward for the Commonwealth.		Virginia has a painful past where racism was too often not called out for its evil.
DNC Chair Perez: It’s time for Ralph Northam to step aside and let Lieutenant Governor Justin Fairfax serve Virginians as their next Governor.
Top GOPer on Apps Cmte Granger on Fox on border conf cmte: It's not going be one wall. It’s not going to be no wall at all. It depends on what the terrain is and what the risks are and that's why it's so important, I think, for people to see what we're dealing with.
Top GOPer on Hse Apps Cmte Granger on Fox on if Trump should declare a nat’l emergency for the border: I hope that doesn't happen. Our job is to find a solution and a compromise. If we can't do that, then the president has to take whatever action he decides
Pelosi tweet on Northam: The photo is racist and contrary to fundamental American values. I join my colleagues in Virginia calling on Governor Northam to do the right thing so that the people of the Commonwealth of Virginia can heal and move forward.
CBC Chair Karen bass: We now know what Ralph Northam did when he thought no one was watching. The person in that photo can’t be trusted to lead. Governor Northam must resign immediately.
CBC Chair Karen Bass on Northam: An apology now isn’t enough. The governor needs to learn that it’s not about what you do once you’re caught. Instead, it’s about the things you do when you think no one is watching.
CBC Chair Karen bass: Ralph Northam served in our nation’s military..and had the audacity to ask for Black votes when he wanted to become governor, yet never once mentioned that he thought it was ok to be in black face or dressed as a Klansman
From Washington. The debate over whether to call it a wall https://t.co/v7XcsGEO4Y
Pelosi spox Drew Hammill: The President’s wild and predictable misrepresentations about Democrats’ commitment to border security do nothing to make our country safer
Pelosi spox Drew Hammill:	Democrats have put forward strong, smart and effective border security solutions in the bipartisan conference committee, while the President still refuses to take a second shutdown off the table
Fox confirms that Matt House, former communications director for Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY), was asked to leave in November due to “inappropriate encounters within the office”
Dem VA Rep Bobbt Scott: It is never easy to condemn a personal friend, but Governor Northam’s past behavior is indefensible..The Governor must now make the right decision that is best for the Commonwealth of Virginia.
Congress 101. Understanding a House/Senate conference committee https://t.co/3JxwOzGvPK
A look at Pelosi/Trump feuding over the border wall. And Sen Cory Booker (D-NJ) jumps into the 2020 presidential race https://t.co/YynYnA37k2
House Judiciary Cmte schedules hrng w/Acting AG Matt Whitaker for Feb 8
Trump on if he'll declare a national emergency: I’m certainly thinking about it. I think there’s a good chance we’ll have to do that. At the same time, regardless, we’re building the wall.
Trump on border security conference committee: When you talk about the committee, I can tell you the Republicans want to have the wall, but the Democrats are told you can't do that. The Democrats are doing a tremendous disservice to our country.
Trump: We will be looking at a national emergency because I don’t think anything’s going to happen. I don’t think Democrats want border security.
https://t.co/5roxxFIUJd
https://t.co/x86hZGtmAs
Pelosi on US INF withdrawal: The Trump Administration is risking an arms race and undermining international security and stability.
Colleague Mike Emanuel rpts Dem Hse freshmen Ocasio-Cortez, Tlaib, Omar and Pressley ask border security conf cmte to cut funding for DHS
Graham: I completely support the Trump Administration’s decision to withdraw from the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty due to Russian noncompliance. Russia has been in violation of the treaty for years and the Obama Administration refused to do anything about it.
Top Dem on Senate Foreign Rltns Cmte Menendez on withdrawal from INF Treaty: President Trump clearly lacks an appreciation or understating of the importance of arms control treaties and today’s withdrawal is yet another geostrategic gift to Vladimir Putin.
Senate Foreign Rltns Cmte Chair Risch: I support the withdrawal of the US from the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty...The Russian government has had endless opportunities to change their bad behavior, and over the past 60 days has proven its disinterest in doing so
Dem NJ Sen Cory Booker announces he is running for President
C-SPAN’s “The Weekly” podcast. A look at Congress and Capitol Hill https://t.co/VdVMRZdVlu
Statuary Hall in the US Capitol https://t.co/DdBRpc5Gkh
Graham on Trump being critical of intel chiefs: I just don’t like that. I think if you’ve got a problem with your Intelligence director...you ought to take it up in a fashion less public.
Graham: I..appreciate the strong vote urging the President to be deliberate and ensure any withdrawal is based on conditions on the ground – unlike the decision made by President Obama.
Trump on border security conference cmte: I don't think they are going to make a deal
Senate votes 68-23 to end debate on McConnell amdt opposing quick withdrawal of troops from Syria. Needed 60 yeas. The test vote likely means the amdt will be incorporated into the underlying Mideast policy bill..is the latest sign of Senate GOPers bucking Trump on foreign policy
Armed Svcs Cmte Chair to Acting DefSec Shanahan: The number one thing that the House Armed Services Committee wants from the Defense Department this Congress is transparency. We did not get full transparency during this week’s hearing about DOD support to the southern border.
Jordan/Meadows write to Cummings about potential Cohen hrng &amp; his atty Lanny Davis. "We are perplexed by the authority you have ceded to Davis in producing this made-for-television hearing." Say "Cohen's appearance is "a media stunt..meting out retribution against the President"
Senate now voting to end debate on McConnell amendment to oppose hasty withdrawal of US from Syria. Needs 60 yeas. The amendment is significant, as many lawmakers from both sides of the aisle are concerned about the President’s decision to pull back form Syria.
Senate now locks in new time to take procedural vote to end debate on McConnell amdt expressing concern about a hasty US withdrawal from Syria. New time is 3 pm et
Shelby on Pelosi saying there will be no money for the wall: If it were left up to the appropriators alone..I think we could work it out...I think if we were tasked by our respective caucuses to work it out nobody else get involved we’d work it out.
From colleague Jason Donner. Apps Cmte Chair Shelby on conf cmte: There's hope out there that we could work toward some comprehensive some money for the wall. SSme money for technology. We haven't gotten there yet. But as long as people are polarized we'll get nothing.
Senate procedural vote to end debate on McConnell's amdt opposing speedy withdrawal from Syria comes at 3:30 pm et. Needs 60 yeas. It is an amdt to the Mideast foreign policy bill.
Pelosi on the President criticizing the intelligence chiefs:	The President has not paid attention to the inteligence which has been given to him..the President just doesn’t have the attention span to hear what the intelligence community is telling him
Pelosi on if the Kremlin has dirt on the President:	I think it’s a question. But I’ve been asking that question for two years...something is wrong with this picture
Pelosi when I press her on the abortion comments by Virginia Gov. Ralph Northam (D). Sidesteps question of how this impacts pro-life Democrats:	I just don’t know what he said yesterday
Pelosi on conference committee timeline:	We only have this week plus one day..to the extent we can keep it simple
Pelosi on bills to barr shutdowns:	There is not a consensus on what that could be
Pelosi on President Trump wanting to ignore the work of Congress on border security:	I knew that he wanted it all to himself..let them work their will
Pelosi on if she would bring the border wall conference report to the floor:	If they come up with a consensus..There is not going to be any wall money in the legislation
Pelosi on if DACA could be addresed or are being lost in the conference commitee. Says what the President talked about trading a wall for DACA wss a “non-starter”
Pelosi on the border security conference committee:	I was pleased with yesterday. Everyone was of good intentions
Pelosi on efforts to get a border security deal:	We have a conference committee that is working..opening statements were promising
Pelosi as she walks into her weekly press conrerence to a room full of reporters:	Pelosi: Wow! Full house. Winning is good. 	Pergram: Are you talking about the (Golden State) Warriors or politics?	Pelosi: Any winning is good. It’s all about the numbers. More points. More votes.
Trump tweet: Schumer and the Democrats are big fans of being weak and passive with Iran. They have no clue as to the danger they would be inflicting on our Country. Iran is in financial chaos now because of the sanctions and Iran Deal termination. Dems put us in a bad place
Trump tweet: Republicans on the Homeland Security Committee are wasting their time. Democrats, despite all of the evidence, proof and Caravans coming, are not going to give money to build the DESPERATELY needed WALL. I’ve got you covered. Wall is already being built....
What is a House/Senate conference committee? https://t.co/DvGM5fBOni
Biggest obstacle to averting a mid-Feb shutdown is time. Deadline for Hse/Senate conf cmte on border security isn’t really Feb 15. Hse Dems have new, solid 72 hr rule to post bill text before voting. Means deadline is really Feb 8 or 10 at latest. Bill must move thru Hse &amp; Senate
Only the Senate in session today. Procedural vote to end debate on McConnell’s amdt to Mideast foreign policy bill. Amdt opposes hasty withdrawal from Syria. Needs 60 yeas
Schumer letter to DNI Coats: I believe it is incumbent on you, Director Wray and Director Haspel to insist on an immediate meeting with the President to educate him about the facts and raw intelligence underlying the Intelligence Community assessments
House Judiciary Cmte schedules first big hearing on preventing gun violence for February 6
Graham on Stone arrest: The American public has had enough of the media circus that surrounds the Special Counsel's investigation. Yet, the manner of this arrest appears to have only added to the spectacle.  Accordingly, I write to seek justification for the tactics used
Graham writes to FBI Dir Wray about Stone arrest: I am leery that a subject of the Special Counsel’s investigation, who had retained counsel..and was apparently willing to surrender voluntarily, was arrested in a pre-dawn raid at his home
GOP NE Sen Sasse on comments by Dem VA Gov Northam about abortion:  This is morally repugnant..I don’t care what party you’re from — if you can’t say that it’s wrong to leave babies to die after birth, get the hell out of public office.
Dem CA Rep Lee on border security conf cmte: Building a wall would be useless waste of taxpayer dollars.
Shelby on border security conf cmte: I think this has been a good start. We can bridge our differences..I think tech is important but I think fences are important too.
At border security conf cmte, GOP GA Rep Graves asks about a Dem proposal. Homeland Apps subcmte chair Roybal-Allard: “We’re working on that.” Graves: “There are always rumors of a draft of a proposal”
Apps Cmte chair Shelby says expanding conf cmte to deal w/DACA, er al “might be up to the President, the Speaker, and Schumer and McConnell if they want to bring some those issues in. Sometimes broadening the scope helps because it brings more issues in and helps to move things.”
Work on a Capitol chandelier by the Memorial Door https://t.co/SkoQyzs9PN
Shelby at conf cmte: As appropriators we know how to work together on a bipartisan basis &amp; solve problems...So I hope these negotiations yield results &amp; soon. I hope that by reaching a compromise here we will set a tone of bipartisanship for the appropriations cycle ahead of us
Lowey on border security conf cmte: I know that the American people are counting on us to come to a reasonable and responsible solution. We are appropriators, and consistent with the proud tradition of our committees, I am confident that we will be able to reach a compromise.
Lowey at border security conf cmte: Smart border security is not overly reliant on physical barriers, which the Trump administration has failed to demonstrate are cost effective compared to better technology and more personnel.
Homeland Security Cmte chair Thompson on issuing a subpoena for DHS Sec Nielsen to testify: If it would come to that and we can’t get (her testimony) any other way, we may do that…we expect to her from her…if there is a reluctance to talk, that doesn’t give us much choice.
House Homeland Security Cmte Chair Bennie Thompson says “I’m not reluctant to issue a subpoena” to compel DHS Sec Nielsen to testify before his panel. He wanted Nielsen to appear on Feb 6. She declined. Thompson says he wants Nielsen to at least appear before the end of February
From colleague Peter Doocy. Dem CA Sen Harris on getting rid of health insurance companies: So the bottom line..is that everyone have access to healthcare..That is the purpose for me supporting the policy of Medicare For All..And that's what will happen under Medicare For All
House/Senate Conference Committee on Border Security and Effort to Avert Next Government Shutdown Starting shortly. Was delayed due to lengthy House vote series
House/Senate conference committee on border security delayed due to lengthy House vote series
On resolution condemning shutdown, Hoyer says "the shutdown was stupid." On upcoming vote on the resolution, Hoyer says to Republicans "we'll see how you vote."
Dem VA Rep Jennifer Wexton says the "offending clause in the resolution" condemning the government shutdown which called out President Trump has been removed. "I'm all about getting to yes," she says.
Meadows calls Dem resolution condemning government shutdowns "a political stunt."
Senate now mtg. Today is the "intervening day" on cloture petition to end debate on McConnell amdt opposing a hasty withdrawal from Syria due to national security concerns. Procedural vote to halt debate tomorrow. Needs 60 yeas.
Hse now debating bill to give $2.6% pay raise to federal civilian employees. Is an effort to overturn Trump's decision to freeze civilian federal pay
Crises like the government shutdown sometimes spur the sides to reach big agreements on Capitol Hill https://t.co/8IinOdOO3e
Trump tweet: If the committee of Republicans and Democrats now meeting on Border Security is not discussing or contemplating a Wall or Physical Barrier, they are Wasting their time!
Senate today now formally debating bill to sanction Syria &amp; assist Israel. No votes today in Senate
Hse/Senate conf cmte meets today to try to find compromise on border security &amp; avoid a mid-Feb shutdown
https://t.co/BQHaH3y1lF
DHS on Homeland Sec Cmte chair Thompson: Instead of calling the Dept or reaching out to the Sec to identify a mutually workable alternative date, the Chairman chose to release a letter falsely claiming the Secretary was refusing to testify.  Such missives are unproductive
DHS: We are disappointed in Chairman Thompson’s misleading letter. To be clear, the Secretary did not ‘refuse’ the Chairman’s invitation to testify. In fact, she accepted the invitation and proposed alternative dates in February, as the proposed date of February 6 was unworkable
24) It was said that the shutdown was all about semantics. If the conf cme produces a comprehensive agreement, Republicans will trumpet key text as a “wall.” Democrats will hail “border security.” 		If that’s the case, everyone will be happy because they can declare victory.
23) If there is an agreement and the sides ink a final conference report, don’t expect the words “wall” to necessarily appear anywhere in the legislation.
22) In conf cmte, there will be debates about humanitarian assistance, land ports of entry, personnel, CBP Agents, additional ICE agents, and, additional ICE beds. Democrats will raise hackles over demands for additional ICE personnel and ICE beds. Those issues are likely dead.
21) 2 players who watch in border security conf cmte who aren't chairs/rankers? GOP MO Sen Blunt &amp; Dem CA Rep Lee. Blunt is a dealmaker w/good relations on both sides of Capitol/aisle. Lee is close Pelosi ally &amp; could serve as her eyes/ears in conf cmte
20) What does Pelosi want in border security conf cmte? What is acceptable to Hse Dems? Fox is told the key Democratic ideals in the conf committee will emanate from an alternative border security bill which Democrats worked on in private during the shutdown – but never released
19) “I’m not expecting a lot from this conference committee,” said one senior source.
18) That would give the House just enough time to turn the bill around and pass it quickly, observing the three-day marker. Keep in mind, the measure must still go to the Senate. 		Time could snatch defeat from the jaws of victory here.
17) Feb 15 is deadline to fund gov't. But true deadline is much earlier. Hse now has a full, 72 hour rule to post the text of legislation before consideration. So the REAL deadline here is Friday, February 8. Maybe Sunday, February 10.
16) The most significant problem facing the Hse/Senate conf cmte on border security: time.
15) Multiple sources say that even though Trump wants $5.7 billion for a wall, appropriators would have to cut other priorities in this bill. That would genuinely risk US security. That is, unless, the sides agree to designate wall money as “emergency spending” and bust caps
14) Sequestration still applies to DHS conf cmte. Lawmakers themselves would have to designate spending as an “emergency” (different from President Trump declaring a national emergency for border security) to blow out the sequestration spending caps.
13) Border security conf cmte is expected to be narrow in scope. But that's not to say they could not expand into other 6 bills beyond DHS if it would help get an agreement.
12) “Taking a complex issue which caused a 35 day shutdown &amp; combining it with another complex issue like immigration which the sides have never been able to agree on &amp; resolving it magically here just won’t happen,” said one sr aide. “That would be a recipe for failure.”
11) There is precedent for a broad consideration of “outside” issues. We’ve heard talk about DACA or immigration reform. But Fmultiple sources say there is simply not enough time to mess with those nettlesome issues in this conference committee.
10) There have been lots of questions about the “scope” of the conf cmte. Could the conferees start to wander away from “border security” and want to include something like the debt ceiling in the bill? Germaneness can be an issue in the Senate.
9) In its purist form, a conf cmte is done in the open, w/give and take between members. Conferees vote on amdts &amp; shape the final product. In its most banal form, the conf cmte looks like a glorified press conference. Expect border security conf cmte to resemble the latter
8) For this conf cmte, Hse/Senate ok'd an interim spending bill to re-open the government last week. The CR covered all seven outstanding spending bills. However, the House and Senate agreed to “go to conference” on the lone bill which is seemingly intractable: DHS funding
7) The alternative option to a conference committee is something rhetorically referred to on Capitol Hill as “Ping-Pong.” Tecnically a "message between houses." This is where Hse/Senate keep bouncing a bill back &amp; forth until there is agreement
6) Once approved in conf cmte, Hse/Senate take the conf rpt back to their bodies for adoption. If Hse/Senate ok conf rpt, report then the House and Senate are in sync. Both chambers have a single, synthesized bill which they can send to the President for signature.
5) Think of the conference committee as a Congressional Cuisinart. Conferees are expected to take all of their different ideas about border security and dump all of the ingredients into the blender. The sides aim to produce a singular, unified House/Senate bill (conference rpt)
4) The Hse/Senate bills in the conf cmte must be similar. They can't mix together unrelated bills.
3) Here’s what usually what happens to prompt a conference committee: the House and Senate approve similar, but different versions of legislation. But they need to work out differences in the bills between the two chambers.
2) Vocabulary: So, what is a conference committee? 		A conference committee is a bipartisan, bicameral group of lawmakers appointed by leadership because of their expertise or areas of jurisdiction on a given issue, based on committee assignments.
1) The linchpin to avoiding another government shutdown in mid-February is a House/Senate conference committee on border security which publicly convenes Wednesday at 1:30 pm et. Either the sides work out a deal or there is a serious risk of a government shutdown in Feb
Letter from Hse Homeland Security Cmte Chair Thompson to DHS Sec Nielsen: Your decision to refuse my invitation to testify before the Committee..regarding our Nation’s border security on February 6, 2019, is unreasonable and unacceptable. I strongly urge you to reconsider.
McConnell files cloture to end debate on his amendment arguing against a speedy withdrawal from Syria. Needs 60 yeas. Vote would come Thursday. Amdt pushes back on Trump Admin plan to pull out of Syria. No votes expected in Senate on Wednesday
From colleague Peter Doocy. Ocasio-Cortez: The real issue with our health care system is that we're trying to have it both ways. We're trying to have half a free market system, half a more public system. And it is in the half commitments that our systems are breaking down.
Senate Judiciary Cmte will formally vote on Barr AG nomination on Feb 7. If reported out favorably, it heads to the flr
Stacey Abrams: At a moment when our nation needs to hear from leaders who can unite for a common purpose, I am honored to be delivering the Democratic State of the Union response. I plan to deliver a vision for prosperity and equality, where everyone in our nation has a voice
Dem MN Rep Phillips on how freshman get support for their bill to automatically avert future shutdowns: “It’s incumbent on us to sell it and promote it.” The freshman say this won’t necessarily apply to the February 15 deadline for funding
Slotkin on if the bill to automatically avert shutdowns is backed by the leadership:	The Senate is aware of what we are doing..we think there is real momentum at this moment
Dem MN Rep Phillips on if the plan to automatically eliminate the threat of shutdowns could backfire, limiting the ability to negotiate and forge agreement on other issues: “This is really a statement of principles...These are teeth we hope would never be used anyway”
Rep. Dean Phillips (D-MN) on freshman Dem bill to avert future shutdowns:	I thought after the 2016 election, we had hit rock bottom. But we have sunk even deeper		Phillips:	This eliminates the shutdown from the arsenal
Rep. Chrissy Houlahan (D-PA) says the freshman Dem measure to avert future shutdowns would automatically fund the government for 30 days if no agreement. “Then it would get difficult.”
Rep. Elissa Slotkin (D-MI) on freshman Dem plan to avert future shutdowns:	It transfers the pain..why are we the only country in the world who where the governmenr shuts down if there is not an appropriations act
Senate now taking vote to start debate on bill to provide security help for Israel &amp; sanction Syria. Senate has been trying to start debate on this bill since the beginning of the month. This needs a simple majority
Schumer on Trump &amp; shutdown:	I hope this serves as a lesson. President Trump touched a hot, hot stove and we hope he won’t do it again
Schumer sidesteps question about Howard Schultz splitting the 2020 Democratic presidential vote
Schumer dismisses idea of tying debt ceiling to border security conf cmte:	The debt ceiling..no more hostages. No. I don’t think that would be a good idea to add things
Schumer on border security conference committee:	I hope we should come to an agreement...I’m very hopeful..we’ll see if the President moves off of his hard and fast position
Urgent: Schumer says Stacey Abrams will give Democratic response to State of the Union; "Yes. Three weeks ago I called Stacey Abrams. I was very exited when she agreed"
Senate to vote at 3 pm et to start debate on bill to assist Israel &amp; sanction Syria
Colleague John Roberts rpts WH sources say Trump/Pence “open and receptive” to idea of lifting debt limit as part of border security conference committee
Schumer on getting an agreement on border security in February:	When the President stays out of the negotiations, we almost always succeed. When he mixes in, it almost always ends in failure
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) on shutdown:	I hope this serves as a lesson. President Trump touched a hot, hot stove and we hope he won’t do it again
McConnell also said on multiple occasions at the Ohio Clock press conference that he did not want the President to declare a national emergency
McConnell on how much of the Mueller report should be publicized:	I would like as much as possible of the Mueller report to be open..it ought to be as fully open as possible
McConnell on if conf cmte should wander into debt ceiling, immigration reform or DACA or just stick to border security $:	Whatever works...I’m for narrow. I’m for broader. I’m for whatever works and doesn’t bring along..To predict going in exactly what that is..is impossible
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) on if he backs legislation to bar shutdowns:	There would certainly be no education in the third kick of a mule..I’d be open to anything to make them pretty hard...
McConnell open to discussion about debt ceiling, immigration reform &amp; DACA in border security conference committee. Says he just doesn’t want another shutdown
Sen. Joni Ernst (R-IA) on withdrawing from Syria:	We want to make a point. We will be there for our allies in Syria..We want to make sure we have defeated al Qaida in Syria before we are withdrawing our troops
McConnell: My amendment would acknowledge the plain fact that al Qaeda, ISIS, and their affiliates in Syria and Afghanistan continue to pose a serious threat to our nation. It would recognize the danger of a precipitous withdrawal from either conflict..
Feinstein: I remain concerned about what Mr Barr outlined in his memo on limits to the scope of what Counsel Mueller can pursue..last week the Mueller team issued indictments for another individual affiliated w/the Trump campaign that specifically addressed obstruction of justice
Dem TX Rep Al Green: While my stance on impeachment couldn’t be clearer, it’s important to reiterate that I believe impeachment proceedings should have begun after the President fired..Comey and confessed on national television that he did so with ‘this Russia thing’ in mind.
Unexpected motion to adjourn pushed by GOP AZ Rep Gosar. Conservatives say they don't like a resolution about the shutdown by Dem VA Rep Wexton. Meadows says the resolution "is overtly political and not helpful to the negotiations."
Dem ME Rep Golden, Dem NY Rep Rose, GOP TX Rep Crenshaw introducing bill to withhold pay from lawmakers, President, VP during shutdown. Golden: "Federal workers don’t get paid during a government shutdown. Neither should politicians"
McCarthy: I do believe Speaker Pelosi is out of step with her own party
Hoyer on GOPers suggesting that Reps. Rashida Tlaib (D-MI) and Ilhan Omar (D-MN) are anti-semetic:	Clearly I oppose anti-semetism..I don’t accept that premise
Hoyer on the conference committee on border security:	Are there differences on substance? Not as much as one might think.
Hoyer on what the success/failure of the conference committee means to the rest of the 116th Congress:	I think both sides really want it to be successful..there is a sense we want to get to an agreement
Hoyer on immigration reform/DACA in the conference committee:	I don’t expect that to be part of the negotiation
Hoyer says he was “disappointed” Acting AG Whitaker suggested Mueller was close to wrapping up his probe
DNI Coats to Senate hearing: We do not believe Iran is curently undertaking activities to produce a nuclear device
Dem Caucus chair Jeffries on if Trump should declare a national emergency: He should proceed with caution
House Dem Caucus Chair Jeffries: Our message right now is keep the government open
From colleague Jason Donner Graham on if AG nominee Bart will get Dem confirmation votes: Well I hope so. I thought he did good. I thought is good hearing. So we'll see next week.
CIA Dir Haspell at Senate hearing: We are investigating how adversaries are using big data against us
DNI Coats at Senate hearing: Venezuela is at a crossroads..expect attempts by Cuba, China, Russia to prop up Maduro..leading to additional efforts to exploit the situation
From colleague Jason Donner. Blunt on acting AG Whitaker talking about state of Mueller probe: Well everybody else seems comfortable talking about what the state of that investigation.
Pelosi on Whitaker comments about if Mueller probe is close to wrapping up: “Mr. Mueller should speak for himself.”
Patricia Arquette, Alyssa Milano on CapHill today alongside Dem NY Rep Carolyn Maloney &amp; Dem CA Rep Jackie Speier to push for Equal Rights Amendment to the Constitution
Achieving Nothing https://t.co/2u9rTTE0oy
Hse/Senate Budget Cmtes today hear from CBO Dir Keith Hall on economic outlook for next 10 years. Also expect discussion on impact of the shutdown
Senate Intel Cmte hrng today on Worldwide threats. FBI Dir Wray, CIA Dir Haspell, DNI Coats will testify
House Judiciary Cmte has a hearing on the Dems “For the People Act” today
Hse Armed Svcs Cmte hrng today on “Department of Defense’s Support to the Southern Border”
Colleague Mike Emanuel confirms that top defense officials will brief the House Armed Services Committee on Wednesday on military operations in Syria
Hse Homeland Security Apps Subcmte chair Roybal-Allard on conference cmte on border security:	We can, as appropriators, come together for a solution that will protect our borders. What the President will do is another question.
Hse Homeland Security Subcmte chair Roybal-Allard, one of the conferees to the border security conf cmte:	You can’t trust the President on anything he says..even if we were to put together a conference report he says he can sign, that could change by the time it reaches his desk.
Hse Homeland Security Apps Subcmte chair Roybal-Allard says if Congress gives Trump “the $5.7 billion, we can’t meet our other needs (In Homeland Security) ..it would be totally irresponsible
From colleague Jason Donner. GOP LA Sen Kennedy on Roger Stone: “Mr. Stone is a total Beavis...Maybe he talked his way into an indictment..when his IQ gets to 75, he ought to sell”
GOP LA Sen Kennedy on Howard Schultz: My personal opinion is that there aren't enough pilates instructors in America for him to win but this is America. And I think competition makes us all better.
GOP LA Sen Kennedy: I don't think the president will shut the government down again..I think what he'll do is declare a national emergency now.
Graham: I don't see Democrats giving a lot more money just for the border unless they get something. I think the president's in the mode of doing a deal. We'll just see if we get reasonable people to agree.
GOP Sen Graham on what he makes of Roger Stone indictment: "All I can say about the whole situation is that when you're hanging on every word of Roger Stone you're in an unusual place."
Shelby on border security conf cmte:  I've got to sit down and see where the other side is..I think they know where we are and see if we can bridge these these differences..we need to work together and quit polarizing ourselves to get it done.
Senate Homeland Security Apps subcmte chair Capito on Hse/Senate conf cmte on border security:		Capito:	This is very high-profile. We want to be successful
Senate Apps Cmte chair Shelby on if they should limit the scope of the conference, prohibiting discussion on immigration reform or DACA:	When you have a broad conference, you don’t want to say scope is limited..you never know about the scope of a conference
Shelby and Capito aren’t sure if immigration reform/DACA could be considered in conference committee on border security. Shelby:	"Our goal is to fund the gov't." Capito on if they could entertain immigration reform or DACA: "I think that’s a question that’s still unanswered"
Pelosi says her call with Trump was “very pleasant” Pelosi says "We talked about things we can work together on, such as infrastructure." Pelosi says they did not discuss types of issues/scope of Hse/Senate conf cmte on border security
On the fourth attempt this month, the Senate has finally voted to break a filibuster on starting debate on a bill to assist Israel and scanction Syria. The measure needed 60 yeas. The procedural vote today was 74-19
Rep. Ray Lujan (D-NM), a confidante of House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA), on if he’s looking forward to President Trump’s State of the Union speech. Lujan: “I’ll be in attendance.”
Top Dem on Senate Intel Warner on Huawei: There is ample evidence to suggest that no major Chinese company is independent of the Chinese government and Communist Party – and Huawei, which China’s government and military tout as a ‘national champion,’ is no exception.
Intel Cmte chair Burr: Inam encouraged by the Justice Department’s actions against Huawei Technologies, which detail the company’s brazen efforts to steal corporate trade secrets, commit fraud, and obstruct justice. Huawei is a global bad actor
The cross which was visible two weeks ago on the floor in the center of the US Capitol Rotunda is no longer present https://t.co/8ebL23wHSy
Senate now taking procedural vote to end filibuster &amp; begin debate on measure to assist Israel &amp; sanction Syria. 60 votes needed. The Senate has tried to break the filibuster on multiple occasions already this year without success.
Intel Cmte chair Schiff: I want to thank Michael Cohen for agreeing to appear voluntarily before the Committee for closed testimony on February 8, 2019..We will continue to work with Mr. Cohen and law enforcement in order to protect Mr. Cohen and his family.
Pelosi invites Trump to give State of the Union on Feb 5. 	Pelosi letter to Trump: "In our conversation today, we agreed on February 5th. Therefore, I invite you to deliver your State of the Union address before a Joint Session of Congress on Feb 5, 2019 in the House Chamber"
WH's Sanders says Democrats would be "getting virtually nothing" if they don't cut a deal on border security
When asked about the impact of the shutdown on the economy, WH’s Kudlow says “I don’t think it was disruptive”
WH’s Kudlow says “he won’t acknowledge” CBO’s estimate of economic damage caused by shutdown. Says “the switch goes right back on.” Says there’s “no permanent” damage to the economy
AG nominee Barr's answer to Sen Whitehouse question on cmte questionnaire. Says he &amp; Pence are "acquainted" &amp; have had "general discussion of the Special Counsel’s investigation in which I gave my views on such matters as Bob Mueller’s high integrity and various media reports."
Pelosi to Hse Dems: A we proceed with the negotiations on the best way to protect our borders and our values, we do so without holding federal employees hostage and we do so with House and Senate Democratic unity.
Nothing is settled yet. But Fox is told they are still eyeing State of the Union for February 5. That said, some on CapHill would prefer to wait to see if gov't is open after Feb 15. Am told there are conversations later today. Could know more in 24 hrs
Gov't shutdown solidified the standing of Pelosi among Hse Dems who were skeptical of her. Hse Dem freshman class is full of disruptors. Shutdown enabled Pelosi to have newcomers channel ire at Trump over shutdown, not at Pelosi or old Dem guard
The WH &amp; some GOPers Republicans think there are fissures in Dem ranks when it comes to Dems wanting to vote for a wall. Dems won Hse w/moderate Dems &amp; in districts where a wall is popular. Would be good politics for those Dems
McConnell long doubted there would be a shutdown the first time. We’ll see how confident McConnell is now. “There is no education in the second kick of a mule,” McConnell is fond of saying.
The after-effects of the shutdown present an opportunity. Crises like the shutdown often prompt landmark agreements. Look at how '95-'96 shutdown prompted deal over spending/welfare reform between Clinton/Gingrich
There’s a reason the government shut down in the fall of 1995 during an epic standoff between President Bill Clinton and House Speaker Newt Gingrich (R-GA), re-opened later, and then shut down again. The sides thought they were on a track to resolve their issues. But they weren’t
Pelosi took a DACA fix in exhcange for a wall off the table in December. What else could Dems trade? Immigration reform? Completing that in 3 wks is nearly impossible. Hoyer says DACA/immigration reform don't have to be done in conf cmte. Could come later
The House/Senate conference committee to try to forge an agreement on border security meets at 1:30 pm et Wednesday. 		That’s the key to avoiding a shutdown on February 15. Otherwise, we might be right back where we were with another shutdown
CBO Dir Hall: We do think that once the gov't is back in place..there will be a fairly quick recovery from that.  There is a permanent loss however.  You lose the gov't output for 5 wks that is never made up. So we think on net we are still going to be about $3b short on GDP
Hse/Senate conference cmte on border security to meet at 1:30 pm et Wednesday on border security
Why Democrats are unlikely to budge on next round of border security negotiations | Fox News https://t.co/EHEIbGDIWy
Pelosi: When the Congress completes its bipartisan, bicameral work to fund government, the President should swiftly sign that legislation to avert another shutdown and restore certainty to our economy and the lives of the American people.
Pelosi: Families across the nation are still trying to recover from a month of missing paychecks and overdue bills, but the President is already threatening a second shutdown if he doesn’t get his way.
Judiciary Cmte receives responses from AG nominee Barr. 		https://t.co/BDoshpPfbA
Schumer:  If President Trump didn’t appreciate the error of his ways after seeing the human suffering his needless shutdown caused, maybe the extensive economic damage he inflicted will set the president straight: No more Trump Shutdowns.
CBO Director Keith Hall: Debt is on an unsustainable course in CBO’s projections. To put it on a sustainable one, lawmakers will have to make significant changes to tax and spending policies.
CBO says "Although most of the real GDP lost during the fourth quarter of 2018 and the first quarter of 2019 will eventually be recovered, CBO estimates that about $3 billion will not be"
CBO says shutdown delayed $18 billion in federal spending. That lowered projected level of real GDP in the first quarter of 2019 by $8 billion, or 0.2%.
AG nominee Barr to pay courtesy calls on multiple senators today ahead of his confirmation
Senate today again tries to start debate on Middle East policy to assist Israel &amp; sanction Syria
The tipping point with the government shutdown https://t.co/lwtkqxLRgs
House/Senate back in session today. Expect most conversation to be about the wall, avoiding a 2nd shutdown in less than 3 wks &amp; what happens if Trump declares a national emergency
Scalise on Fox. Says Pelosi must wrestle with Dems who want a wall: You had committee chairman on the Democrat side saying give the president the money for the wall. And so I think this growing drumbeat got Pelosi nervous
Nunes on Fox on Stone arrest: I think the Mueller investigation is really at the bottom of the barrel when they're looking at people like this, because you know we already found in our report that Roger Stone wasn't colluding with the Russians
GOP FL Rep Francis Rooney on Fox on Trump after the shutdown: “I can't imagine that he's in any stronger position that he was then now that he's been kind of, had to move off of his position.”
Mulvaney on Fox. “The President’s commitment is to protect the nation and he’ll do it either with or without Congress”
Mulvaney on Fox on if Trump would shut down the gov’t again: We don’t go into this trying to shut the government down”
Mulvaney on Fox. Says Democrats “refused to even engage” after Trump “put DACA &amp; TPS on the table”
Mulvaney says on Fox Trump will be judged “by the end” of the wall fight, not “what happened this week.” Says Trump will stick to requesting $5.7 billion for wall. “It’s not some magical, made up number”
Mulvaney on Fox. “The last time Democrats blindly followed Nancy Pelosi, we wound up with Obamacare”
Mulvaney on Fox: Says Democrats are starting to agree with Trump about the need for a southern border. “This is a chance to see if they are for border security and vote against Nancy Pelosi”
Open for business https://t.co/GEoojFyrwI
Office of Rep. Walter Jones (R- NC): Congressman Walter B. Jones’ (NC-3) health has declined after sustaining a broken hip last week.  He is now in hospice care.  The family asks for your prayers, and for their privacy to be respected during this difficult time.
GOP IA Rep Steve King holding a Town Hall meeting this morning in Primghar, IA. First major event for King since he was stripped of cmte assignments &amp; Hse adopted resolution of disapproval regarding his conduct
Government shutdown done. We now return you to our regularly scheduled programming. https://t.co/t4UqBx4oei
WH says Trump has signed bill to re-open gov't. "Also included in the enrolled bill are provisions regarding retroactive pay and reimbursement, and extensions of certain authorities."
Senate Apps Cmte Chair Shelby on Trump ending shutdown: I thought it was a pretty wise move. The president like all of us, they see what’s happening. You’ve got 800,000 people missing another paycheck through no fault of their own.
Pelosi on Roger Stone indictment: It is staggering that the President has chosen to surround himself with people who violated the integrity of our democracy and lied to the FBI and Congress about it.
Pelosi: The indictment of Roger Stone makes clear that there was a deliberate, coordinated attempt by top Trump campaign officials to influence the 2016 election and subvert the will of the American people.
Trump tweet: I wish people would read or listen to my words on the Border Wall. This was in no way a concession. It was taking care of millions of people who were getting badly hurt by the Shutdown with the understanding that in 21 days if no deal is done, it’s off to the races!
Pelosi says she didn’t talk to President Trump today
Pelosi preparing to sign interim bill to re-open gov’t &amp; send to Trump to sign https://t.co/df6CfYpZWL
Scalise: During the next three weeks of this short-term agreement, Pelosi and Schumer need to stop playing partisan games and finally take serious steps to address the humanitarian and safety risks at the southern border while also reaching a long-term agreement on gov’t funding
No House Republicans were on the flr when the House approved by unanimous consent the stopgap plan to fund the gov’t for 3 wks. Only Dems. McCarthy said he expected none of his mbrs to object &amp; they didn’t.
Hoyer: I hope the experience of last 35 days has taught us that we should never repeat this exercise of shutting down government again.
On the floor for the session where Hse ok’d interim bill to re-opn gov’t: House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer (D-MD), House Appropriations Committee Chairwoman Nita Lowey (D-NY), Reps. Ben Ray Lujan (D-NM), Lucille Roybal-Allard (D-CA), Harley Rouda (D-CA), Ed Perlmutter (D-CO).
House aligns with Senate, approves stopgap spending bill via unanimous consent. The package now goes to President Trump for signature.
The House is now meeting to align with the Senate and approve an interim spending bill to re-open the government.
House coming back into session momentarily. Paperwork on interim spending bill is now in the House. Sent over from the Senate
Paperwork of Senate passed bill to re-open gov’t still hasn’t been sent to the House to sync up
Big crises like the shutdown often produce bigger, universal deals on broad issues. Shutdowns of '95-'96 paved way for big spending cuts &amp; welfare reform accord between President Clinton/Newt Gingrich. Does this shutdown produce a similar accord on other issues?
So, does the government again shut down in three weeks? “If the Democrats come in offering $0 for the wall at the beginning and $0 for the wall at the end, that’s not a negotiation” said one Republican.
On the shutdown: “(President Trump) will take short-term pain from the right-wing,” said one Republican source. “But he will be judged on the final product.”
WH likes the short timespan for gov't funding bill/conf cmte. Keeps broader issues off the table. But, Dems may say they need deal on DACA/immigration. But GOPers willing to take that gamble now
Don't underestimate importance of the conference cmte as part of deal to re-open gov't. GOP likes short timespan of 3 wks. Actually inhibits conf cmte from achieving broader deal on DACA/immigration or even debt ceiling. “This will produce a narrow, cleaner deal,” said 2 source
Expect GOP/WH to try to make case for "wall" by appealing to conservative/moderate Hse Dems. Dems won Hse because of moderate Dems from swing districts. Opposing wall isn't popular in those districts. GOPers think Dems can "drive a fissure into the (Democratic) party"
What was the tipping pt to force a re-opening of gov't? Fox is told it was the 2 failed Senate votes Thurs. Fox is told the sides were watching to see how many GOPers voted w/Dems. 6 defected. But Fox is told  “it was almost a jailbreak" w/many more GOPers crossing party lines
Dem aide pts out that Pelosi would not negotiate until they re-opened gov't says that's "a position the President finally embraced today." Dem aide says Pelosi "kept Trump off balance all this week" insisting workers not have to work w/o being paid
Fox is told “it’s not physically possible” to do State of the Union “next Tuesday.” Date floated is February 5
House to meet to consider interim spending bill within 20 minutes. Pelosi to hold enrollment ceremony of bill to send it to the WH afterwards
Senators Shelby (R-AL), Capito (R-WV), Hoeven (R-ND), Blunt (R-MO), Leahy (D-VT), Durbin (D-IL) and Tester (D-MT) are on the Conference Committee on border security.
Senate done until Monday at 3 pm et
Stopgap plan now moves to the House. Fox is told expect the House to come back in at 6:30 pm et and approve the package via voice vote. 		At that point, the House and Senate will be in sync with one another and they can send the interim plan to the White House for signature
Senate passes bill to re-open gov’t by voice vote. No objection. Now goes to the House to sync up
Multiple sources tell Fox they hope to move the bill to re-open gov’t in the Senate before 6 pm et
Fox is told the Senate is running “hotlines” to get clearance from all 100 senators to advance the interim spending bill, perhaps by voice vote or unanimous consent. COULD come on the floor within the hour. Hse would come later
Schumer: No one should ever underestimate the Speaker, as Donald Trump has learned
Pelosi on State of the Union: It's not planned now. What I said to the president when open up government...we reach that agreeable date
Pelosi; A disagreement of policy should never be a reason to shut down government
Pelosi says she “can’t assure” people of what Trump will do before next round of spending comes due in mid-February
Trump says there’s “a good chance” of getting a deal before mid February. Otherwise he’ll do a national emergency
Pelosi on shutdown: It’s sad it’s taken this long to come to an obvious conclusion
Schumer: Hopefully the President has learned his lesson
Pelosi/Schumer presser now
No bill text yet for pkg to re-open gov’t. But it looks like it would be in two parts. Funding for everything to re-open all of government. But attached is a “‘motion to go to conference” on DHS, which would be the effort to work out a broader agrement for border security.
If Hse or Senate move bill to fund gov’t by unanimous consent, any mbr could object. That could stall things on bill to fund gov’t. If they do it via voice vote, you can ask for a recorded vote
Graham: I hope Congress, in a bipartisan fashion, will work with the President and take advantage of this moment. 	 	This is the last, best chance to take a major step toward fixing broken borders and a broken immigration system.
McCarthy on if the President’s threat of another shutdown is credible:	It is...Calmer heads prevailed here
McCarthy on if the GOPers will object to the deal:	I don’t believe there will be		McCarthy on State of the Union:	I would like the State of the Union to be next week.. or the week after that
Dem MI Rep Dan Kildee: I have seen people go to the Rose Garden after a hard-won fight…I have never seen the President go to the Rose Garden and take a defeat lap.
Pelosi/Schumer in Senate gallery at 3:30 pm et
Top Dem on Senate Apps Cmte Leahy: We had it all worked out in December. And the irony is eventually that's part of it. We'll go back to what we had then. And so it's a double tragedy for the poor people who've had to work and no pay and suffer the problems
McConnell: I hope Democrats will stay true to the commitment..that once government was re-opened, they would be perfectly willing to negotiate in good faith on full-year government funding that would include a significant investment in urgently needed border security measures
Fox is told the House will likely approve interim bill via voice vote later tonight
McConnell on the flr now
Schumer to speak on flr shortly
Dem source: McConnell said he would take that Schumer proposal to the White house.	 	Schumer and McConnell then spoke on the phone several times on Friday to discuss plans for how to pass the CR through the Senate and get to conference.
Dem source: Schumer then pitched Senator McConnell on a proposal to do a short term CR to re-open the government first, and then a plan for both the House and the Senate to go to conference on a DHS spending bill to discuss border security.
Dem source: Senator McConnell began the Thursday meeting in his office with Sen. Schumer with an offer to Schumer for a short term CR with a down payment on the wall.	 	·         Schumer said he and Democrats would not support wall funding.
Meadows: If negotiations don’t result in a solution, executive action is still very much under consideration.”
Meadows: The President is sticking by his commitment to keep our communities safe and has assured me that nothing will deter him from accomplishing that goal. His resolve remains steadfast. Democrats now have yet another opportunity to come to the table and negotiate
Trump says gov’t could shut down again on Feb 16 if no deal
Unclear if State of the Union happens Tuesday		Senior source: “We are waiting to turn everything back on again.”		Fox is told they could in fact do it Tuesday if necessary
Fox is told House is expected to advance the bill to re-open gov’t in early evening
Note that the President said he would sign the bill to open gov’t. The White House previously signaled he would sign interim bill in December. McConnell passed it. The President reneged.  McConnell felt burned
Bill to re-open gov’t could be done via voice vote or unanimous consent in Senate. Unclear which yet. Hse plan unclear so far
Trump: Walls should not be controversial
Fox is told to expect bill to re-open gov’t on Senate flr today
Trump: I am asking..McConnell to put this on the flr immediately
Trump: I will sign a bill to open our government for 3 weeks
Trump: Everyone knows I have a very powerful alternative
Trump: I am pleased to announced we have reached a deal to end the shutdown and re-open the government.
Trump speaking now in the Rose Garden
McConnell to speak later this pm on floor about shutdown
Just a reminder on what MUST happen to re-open the government. Hse/Senate must ok the SAME spending measure. President must then sign it. Hse/Senate could ok the pkg via a roll call vote, unanimous consent or voice vote. Latter 2 options are fastest
Senate now in recess subject to the call of the chair. Hse to meet at 2 pm et
Senior source says the 3 week CR (which by definition, re-opens the government at existing levels) would provide some sort of conference committee vehicle to fund DHS.		Fox is told Hse could approve this by voice vote or by unanimous consent if the GOP is on board.
Colleague Mike Emanuel rpts possible CR with no border funding through Feb 15 is what they are aiming for. Trump to speak at 1:30 pm et
WH’s Sanders: The President will make remarks regarding the shutdown in the Rose Garden today at 1:30pm. This will be an open press event.
GOP LA Sen Cassidy on the flr, blasting the official who blew the pass interference call in the Saints/Rams game:	It really is a taint on the Super Bowl.		Cassidy:	How did the officials who reffed this game grade?
GOP LA Sen Cassidy now on the Senate floor blasting the official who missed the pass interference call in the Rams/Saints game Sunday.	Cassidy:	Now I don’t mean to pick on this referee..but he missed a call that everyone believes would have changed the result of the game
Colleague John Roberts rpts WH is setting up for a possible Rose Garden event.  We do not know for sure that it will happen or the content
Homeland Security Cmte Chair Thompson: I continue to be worried that not having a paycheck – and not knowing when the next one will come – will serve as an altogether avoidable distraction to those whose jobs require laser focus on keeping our homeland secure.
Homeland Security Cmte Chair Thomson: Even if the shutdown ended today, we will be dealing with the consequences of it for months – or even years – to come. Quite simply, the shutdown is undermining the Department of Homeland Security’s ability to secure the homeland
Schiff on Stone: Our Committee will be eager to learn just who directed a senior campaign official to contact Stone about additional damaging information held by Wikileaks, one of the publishing arms of Russian government hackers.
Schiff: The indictment of Roger Stone..provides new and important detail about the Trump campaign’s effort to acquire dirt on Hillary Clinton, which Wikileaks possessed in the form of thousands of emails stolen from her campaign by agents of the Kremlin
GOP WI Sen Johnson: "I feel terrible for the air traffic controllers and the many other federal employees who have been working through the shutdown. It is unconscionable that we make people work without pay.”
GOP WI Sen Johnson says "Schumer blocked my attempt to pass the Shutdown Fairness Act that would have paid all federal employees who are working during the shutdown, including the air traffic controllers. Senator Schumer could have prevented this, and he needs to explain why"
Hoyer: Given reports that the FAA is delaying flights at major airports as a result of Air Traffic Control staffing shortages, no one can ignore the far-reaching effects of Republicans’ dangerous and failed strategy of shutting down the government
Graham on if they will vote this wknd to end shutdown: I don’t know. I’ve been ready to vote for three week CR for quite a while. I think that construct makes more sense today than yesterday given what is going on.
Graham: I think that the problem in the airports are signs of things to come and I have been ready for weeks now to..reopen the government without..a shutdown hanging over us to reach a compromise that would meet the president’s priorities
It is thought that even a temporary patch to re-open the government may take a little more time. Unclear. But when things start to thaw on ending the government shutdown, everything will likely move very fast.
There has been light chatter about the possibility of Senate votes later today. The Senate meets at noon et. But a Senate Democratic aide indicates that Democrats are waiting to hear back from Senate McConnell about his conversations with the White House.
State of shutdown: One source told Fox everything was between WH/Schumer. GOPers told Fox Dems weren't at the table. Another source noted Trump wasn’t negotiating...if they were still expecting a down payment for the wall just to re-open the government on an interim basis.
Pelosi seems to be keeping her powder dry, deferring to what the White House can work out with the Senate - prospectively on an interim bill. In other words, if you are Pelosi, why stir the pot unless you believe you are on the precipice of a major cave by the White House.
It was said shutdown would get "real" after 1st wknd. Then Christmas. Then New Year's. Then when the new Congress started. Then when Pelosi became Spkr. Then when workers missed paycheck. Shutdown just got real as workers will miss 2nd paycheck
Pushing aside the State of the Union quarrel between Trump &amp; Pelosi was important as it enabled decision makers to stop squabbling over one problem and focus on another.
Yesterday marked re-set in the shutdown. The failure of either a GOP or a Dem bill to get 60 Senate yeas revealed that partisan plans can’t hit the all-important 60 vote threshold. Gov't won’t re-open until Congress gets the math right &amp; Trump is willing to sign something
Pelosi tweet: The #TrumpShutdown has already pushed hundreds of thousands of Americans to the breaking point. Now it's pushing our airspace to the breaking point too. .@realDonaldTrump, stop endangering the safety, security and well-being of our nation. Re-open government now!
Top Dem on Senate Intel Cmte Warner: Dtone played a key role in recruiting Paul Manafort to run the Trump campaign, and he publicly claimed on several occasions to remain in regular contact with then-candidate Trump throughout the 2016 presidential race
Feinstein: The indictment and arrest of Roger Stone is the latest sign that the special counsel investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 elections is having real, tangible results.
The shutdown just got real https://t.co/XinDDpEFIF
The government shutdown and the latest in Capitol Hill https://t.co/Bu2KiLygJv
Pelosi indicates there are no active discussions with WH on shutdown. But there are talks with the Senate. Pelosi on a temporary deal to re-open gov’t: We’ll see what happens..	One step at a time
From colleague Sarah Tobianski. Pelosi on Roger Stone indictment/Trump: It’s interesting to see the kind of people the president has surrounded himself with
Senate meets at noon et today. A lot more talking now about trying to figure out a pathway to re-open the gov’t. Yesterday’s failed Senate manauevers are key to jumpstarting efforts
Roger Stone on Fox Wednesday: “You have a runaway special prosecutor who is accountable to no one. The House Inteligence Cmte Democrats keep insisting I have purgered myself. That’s a lie.”
The government shutdown just got “real-er” https://t.co/WHsH2dhfYw
Roger Stone indicted, arrested. Charged with making “multiple false statements” to House Inteligence Committee
Cummings on Kushner/security clearance: The system is supposed to be a nonpartisan determination of an individual’s fitness to hold a clearance, not an ad hoc approach that overrules career experts to give the President’s family mbrs access to our nation’s most sensitive secrets
The House Armed Services Cmte schedules its first hearing of the year on January 29. “Department of Defense’s Support to the Southern Border”
WH's Conway on Pelosi: I know some people call her "Fancy Nancy" these days. I think a better nickname is Dr. No. It's very disappointing to just keep hearing no. Just no, no, no all the time. You can't just stomp your feat and say harrumph
From colleague Caroline McKee. McConnell as he leaves the Capitol: "Well, at least we’re talking...I think that’s better"
Pelosi says she has not received any offer on resolving the shutdown from the White House. Pelosi: “I am always optimistic. Everything is an opportunity”
GOP FL Sen Rubio now speaking on Senate floor on Venezuela
Coons on failed procedural votes today to re-open gov't: I think it was important that both caucuses both sides see that there aren't the votes for the president's proposal in its current form and there aren't the votes to simply reopen the government in its current form.
Trump on Pelosi saying they should wait to have State of the Union after the shutdown: I thought what she said I thought was reasonable
Trump on State of the Union: I would have done it in different location, but would have been very disrespectful. I could have gone to big auditorium and gotten 25,000 people, but it would have been very disrespectful
Trump says he's be interested in a "pro-rated down payment for the wall" in exchange for re-opening the government
Senate blocks 2 bills to re-open gov’t https://t.co/FrgOINfsxX
Pelosi says she won't send a new border security proposal to Trump
From colleague Peter Doocy. Pelosi on Trump saying he wants a down payment for the wall to re-open the gov't: Pelosi: "That is not a reasonable agreement between the senators" Reporter: "Do you know what he’s talking about?" Pelosi: "I don’t know if he knows"
Romney: We've got to have the leaders of both parties including the Democrat Party sit down with the president and work out a deal that deals with border security and gets this government open. I voted both times to open the government
Senate Judiciary Cmte: An Executive Business Meeting has been scheduled by the Committee on the Judiciary for Tuesday, January 29, 2019 at 10:00 a.m., in Room 226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building.	 	 William Pelham Barr, to be Attorney General
Trump says Commerce Sec Wilbur Ross “has done a great job. I can tell you that”
Trump says he has not spoken to Nancy Pelosi. “I have been here. Except for a beautiful evening in Iraq”
Trump says he is “honored” that “almost all Republicans” supported the GOP bill. GOP lost 2 of their own on the Trump plan. Dems got 6 GOPers on Dem plan
Trump on if he would support a temporary funding bill with no wall money:	“I wouldn’t be happy.”
Pelosi to speak on floor soon.
Graham: The way forward is clear to me: a three-week continuing resolution (CR) that includes a down payment on wall/barrier funding and priorities of Democrats for disaster relief, showing good faith from both sides. I strongly urge my Democratic colleagues to work with the WH
WH’s Sanders Leader Mitch McConnell and Senator Chuck Schumer are meeting now to see whether or not they can work out of the deadlock. As was made clear to Senator Lindsay Graham, the 3 week CR would only work if there is a large down payment on the wall
From colleague John Roberts. Sarah Sanders tells Fox News “The President would consider a CR only if it includes a down payment on the wall.”
Cotton on voting nay on ending debate on GOP plan to re-open gov’t: I could not support the bill because it gives legal status to illegal aliens without first securing our borders, implementing e-verify, and ending chain migration
Schumer emerges from McConnell’s office. Only replies “we’re talking” 13 times as he’s asked about the discussions
Graham: I just got off the phone with the president and told him that if we had 3 weeks that we could find a way to create something that he would sign..he gave me an indication of things he wants for a CR I thought were reasonable.
House back in session with Democratic members expected to deliver one-minute speeches on the shutdown into the evening
Bipartisan colloquy now on the Senate floor between senators trying to forge a bipartisan solution to re-open government
Schumer says on the flr McConnell has asked him to meet him in his office
Senators who did not cast a ballot on the effort to end debate on the Dem proposal to end the shutdown: Burr, Paul, Risch, Rosen.
House comes back into session at 4 pm et. Members are able to deliver unlimited one minute speeches.
GOP UT Sen Lee on his nay vote on procedural vote to end debate on GOP plan to end shutdown. Says "this bill as is simply does not do enough to reform our immigration system or address the crisis at our southern border.”
Coalition of House Democrats, both veteran Dems and freshmen, now walking back to the House. Were in the chamber for the Senate procedural votes to end debate to re-open gov’t
So, the Senate has now been blocked in efforts to halt filibusters on BOTH Republicans AND Democratic plans to re-open the government.		The standoff continues.	 	But these votes show that the Senate lacks 60 yeas to advance partisan plans at this stage.
Note that the Democratic plan SCORED MORE VOTES THAN THE GOP PLAN and there were more GOP defections. 		The lesson here could just be the fact that senators want to re-open government..which was what the Democratic plan did through February 28.
The Senate has failed to cut off debate on the Democratic plan to re-open the government.	 	The plan needed 60 yeas to advance, but fell short.		The vote was 52-44		All Democrats voted aye. 	 	Republicans voted yes: Alexander, Isakson, Murkowski, Collins, Gardner and Romney
We are told that Sen. Mike Braun (R-IN), presiding over the Senate announced the WRONG VOTE TOTAL on the procedural vote to end debate on the GOP plan		What is announced from the chair is supposed to be official. 		We are told the correct tally is 50-47. Still needed 60
Important to note that the Trump/McConnell plan for the wall, DACA and funding gov’t thru Sept 30 did not even have GOP unanimity with the Lee and Cotton defections
Senate now voting on cutting off debate on Democratic plan to re-open the government. Needs 60 yeas
The Senate has failed to reach 60 yeas to end debate on the Republican plan to fund the government.	 	The vote was 51-47		Sen. Joe Manchin (D-WV) was the lone Democratic yea. 		Sens. Tom Cotton (R-AR) and Mike Lee (R-UT) were the GOP noes
House freshman Dems now in back of Senate chamber during procedural votes to re-open gov’t
The sides often agree to companion votes like this, needing a 60 vote threshold, because they know neither one will get 60 yeas, thus ethanizing both plans.
The Senate is now taking two procedural, roll call votes on competing plans to re-open the government.	 	The current vote is on the GOP plan.	 	The second vote is on the Democratic plan.	 	Both need 60 yeas to cut off debate. Neither plan is expected to score 60 yeas.
Senate to vote shortly on ending debate on competing proposals to re-open gov’t. Both need 60 yeas.
House Democratic freshmen expected to walk over to Senate for upcoming procedural votes
GOP LA Sen Kennedy: I'm not really interested in futile gestures that's not going to accomplish either border security or getting government open..You can try to teach a goat how to climb a tree but you're better off hiring a squirrel in the first place.
Cruz on the flr just now: Just because you hate somebody doesn't mean you should shut the government down
GOP CO Sen Gardner: Today, I will vote for both options to fund the remaining parts of the government and fund border security..I will continue to work with a bipartisan group of Senators to find a compromise that opens the government and funds border security.
GOP TX Sen Cruz lashes back out at Dem CO Sen Bennet on flr. Says 	Bennet has “attacked me personally..he spent a lot of time yelling.”
Dem CO Sen Bennet lights up GOP CO Sen Cruz on the flr over shutdown/border wall: The idea that Democrats are for open borders is gibberish! I'm not going to stand here and take it from someone who shut the government down when my city was flooded
Expect a coalition of 10-15 bipartisan senators to take the floor and talk about how to find a way to end the shutdown after the procedural votes later on
Graham: To the federal workforce. I'm sorry you're caught up in a pretty bizarre situation but the consequences of broken borders is very dangerous to the country. The consequences of a partial government shutdown are dangerous to the country. I think there's space to fix both
Graham: So what happens after failure. Let’s see if we can get this group of senators to come forward and indicate to the president that there's a pathway forward for a wall funding barrier funding but there’d have to be some changes to TPS and DACA submitted by the admin
Pence now meeting w/GOP senators as we approach 2:30 pm et procedural votes on government shutdown. The Vice President was on the floor a bit ago,	milling around with senators earlier.
From colleague Jason Donner. Top Dem on Intel Cmte Warner on why panel wants to talk to Cohen:	“He lied to the committee…He has enormous number of unanswered questions about Trump Tower and a variety of other items that we’d be interested in."
We expect Sen. Joe Manchin (D-WV) to defect and vote to end debate on the GOP plan. 		We expect Sens. Susan Collins (R-ME), Cory Gardner (R-CO) and Lisa Murkowski (R-AK) to vote aye to halt debate on the Democratic plan.
We expect both procedural votes to end debate on competing Rephblican/Democratic plans to re-open the government to fail. Yet both plans likely will command a simple majority of votes. However, both measures need 60 votes to cut off the filibusters.
Colleague Jason Donner rpts Murkowski is in favor of both GOP &amp; Dem plans to re-open gov't. But both are flawed.
Colleague Peter Doocy rpts Pence coming to CapHill to talk w/McConnell shortly
Scalise says Pelosi "wants to keep the State of the Union hostage. George Washington addressed Congress. This is a Constitutional requirement of the president."
From colleague Kelly Phares. McCarthy on if people should be worried about travel safety due to shutdown: My travel has been very safe
McCarthy: I’m staying this weekend. Proposing all leaders get together and work this out
From colleague Mike Emanuel: Statement from Lanny Davis, attorney for Michael Cohen		“This morning the Senate Intelligence Committee served Michael Cohen with a subpoena”
McConnell on shutdown: Only one bill does all the bipartisan things I’ve discussed. Only one bill has any chance of becoming law. So, we ought to vote for it.
McConnell: It’s obvious what the Senate needs to do. Today, we’ll decide whether we turn a new corner and begin putting the last month behind us, or whether we will all continue to show up for work, stuck in exactly the same situation.
McConnell on Dem plan to open gov't: Deep down, my friends across the aisle know this is not a reasonable reaction to a president of the other party. They know the Speaker of the House is unreasonable on these subjects,
Trump tweet on Pelosi: 	Nancy just said she “just doesn’t understand why?” Very simply, without a Wall it all doesn’t work. Our Country has a chance to greatly reduce Crime, Human Trafficking, Gangs and Drugs. Should have been done for decades. We will not Cave!
Pelosi on why not keep the House in session this weekend:	Many of them will be here...if we have	That is not a closed case. I am still optimistic in the goodness of Republicans in the Senate
Pelosi on if there are behind the scenes talks by Democrats to re-open gov't:	That’s not true. We are doing what we have done all along..there is not a negotiation behind the scenes or anything like that
Pelosi on thinking government would be open by January 29, the target date for State of the Union, when she initially invited Trump, and then rescinding offer, as the government was still shut down:	I did not. I guess I has better expectations
Pelosi on what changed from when she sent the initial State of the Union invite when the gov't was shut down to when she canceled State of the Union because the government was shutdown: What is changed is that the Senate has refused to take yes for an answer
Pelosi on the possibility of other White House meetings on the shutdown:	It’s the President of the United States wants to meet, you meet with him
Pelosi to Trump:	Thank you for recognizing that it’s inappropriate to hold State of the Union during the shutdown
Pelosi on the Commandant of the Coast Guard saying its members were havint to rely on food pantries :	That should be a call to action to open up government
Pelosi:	Today the Senate has an opportunity to pass legislation to open the government
McConnell: I am very pleased with the president’s nomination of Andrew Wheeler for EPA Administrator. Having served as both Deputy Administrator and Acting Administrator at the EPA, Mr. Wheeler is eminently qualified to take over as the agency’s Administrator.
Pelosi on State of the Union:	It is so unimportant in the lives of the American people, hostages to an applause line in the President’s campaign speech
Pelosi:	Last night the President accepted the fact that State of the Union should be when the government is open..I’m glad we could get that off the table
From colleague Jason Donner. Manchin on shutdown: I guess anybody in the top of the food chain is totally tone deaf if that's where they are. If they've been out of touch and out of reality for that long. I can tell you I've been all over West Virginia, people are hurting.
House rules &amp; State of the Union https://t.co/exjugUFGEP
Top Dem on Senate Apps Cmte Leahy on Trump plan to re-open gov’t: The President cannot bargain with what he broke, and Republicans cannot make a deal among themselves and call it a “compromise.”
Colleague Jason Donner rpts that Manchin is leaning toward voting for both GOP &amp; Senate Manchin to open gov't
Pelosi on Trump’s tweet last night that he will hold State of the Union in the Hse chamber when shutdown is over. Pelosi: What's really important, open up government
9) The Senate is throwing down a bipartisan marker. Neither, partisan plan can score 60 yeas. As a result, such a demonstration COULD spark  serious, bipartisan talks to re-open the government. Nothing will be immediate. But the outcome of these votes could be key
8) Thus...		Today’s votes COULD mark a mild reset in the government funding crisis.
7) This is the Senate’s first deep foray into the government shutdown since it advanced the measure to keep the government running on a voice vote on December 19, as a chorus of senators sang Christmas carols in the back of the chamber.
6) McConnell touts the GOP measure as the only plan which would earn the President’s signature. He’s right. But it can’t get 60 votes in the Senate and is DOA in the House
5) The irony is that it’s probable BOTH plans could secure a simple majority for PASSAGE. But neither side wants to go there...yet.
4) Here’s the rub: the two leaders don’t set up side-by-side plans like this needing 60 votes unless everything is pre-baked to fail. 		The 60 vote threshold will euthanize both plans..and then we’re back to square one.
3) Both need put a simple majority to pass. But the agreement between McConnell and Schumer was to skip both bills ahead to the procedural vote to end debate. That means both plans need 60 votes.
2) One is on the GOP plan propounded by President Trump and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY). The other is a Democratic plan from Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY).
1) The Senate has scheduled two procedural votes starting at 2:30 pm et today on efforts to end the government shutdown.
Senate to take 2 procedural votes today on sideby side plans to re-open gov’t. One Dem plan. One GOP plan. Both need 60 yeas.
Hse Ways &amp; Means Committee hearing today entitled “The Shutdown’s Impact on the Department of Treasury and American Taxpayers”
Hse Dems hold forum today on impact of shutdown on security personnel
Pelosi tweet in response to Trump: I hope by saying “near future” you mean you will support the House-passed package to	#EndTheShutdown that the Senate will vote on tomorrow. Please accept this proposal so we can re-open government..
Trump tweets that it is Pelosi’s “prerogative” to cancel State of the Union. Says “I will do the Address when the Shutdown is over.” Says he is not looking for an “alternative venue..because there is no venue that can compete with..the House Chamber.”
OMB: As OMB continues to manage this partial lapse in appropriations, unfunded agencies are being asked to continue to share with OMB an ongoing list of programs that could be impacted within the coming weeks.
The current shutdown fight is over funding the government through the end of this fiscal year. It all expires on September 30, 2019. After this shutdown is over, expect another imbroglio to fund the government starting October 1
USCP: At 8:00 p.m. today..USCP officers will be conducting a training exercise utilizing visible ballistic vests and field helmets. As part of this exercise, small groups of USCP officers may be seen running to multiple locations and maintaining tactical formation.
Scalise on Pelosi: It goes against the Constitutional need for the State of the Union. I think the President should hold an address somewhere else if the Speaker is going to try to hold the chamber hostage
McCarthy/Scalise/Cheney on Pelosi &amp; State of the Union: "Resorting to this kind of petty tactic is a sign of failed leadership and beneath the United States Congress."
McCarthy/Scalise/Cheney: The Speaker's decision to close the House Chamber to the duly elected President amounts to a politically-motivated stunt. There is no good reason for her to obstruct this speech, apart from the fact that she wants to prevent him from using it
McCarthy/Scalise/Cheney: This is a sad day and an embarrassing showing of how Speaker Pelosi and House Democrats are blinded by political gamesmanship above all else. The State Of The Union is an opportunity for the President of the United States to address all Americans
Blue Dog Democrats write to bipartisan, bicameral ldrs asking for a a “bipartisan, bicameral summit that brings together House and Senate leaders to hold a substantive, transparent discussion on a path forward to reopen the government."
Cummings on Cohen cancelling his testimony: By him not testifying, that sends a message to future witnesses and will make it that they can be intimidated and that they need not comply with the request of the Congress to come before us. That’s how you stop it.
Cummings on if he will subpoena Cohen: I have not made those decisions yet but we will make one soon.
Cummings: I promise you that we will hear from Mr. Cohen. We will make those determinations soon and we will let you know how we plan to proceed but we will get to testimony as sure as night becomes day and day becomes night.
Cummings on Cohen canceling testimony: Our committee..cannot do its job unless we have the free flow of information from witnesses and from whistleblowers. We in the past as a committee have made it abundantly clear that we protect whistle blowers and witnesses
Cummings on Cohen's delay on testifying: It is upsetting because of the reason he gave for wanting to delay this testimony. He said very clearly that he was intimidated &amp; threatened by the President..&amp; his lawyer..That is simply unacceptable in a democracy.
Hse says last votes for the wk are expected tomorrow. But Hse can recall mbrs in 24 hrs if they have a vote on government shutdown
Graham: Speaker Pelosi’s decision to ignore this long-standing American tradition is absurd, petty, and shameful. The judgement of history will not be kind.
Graham: The President – regardless of party – should have the opportunity to address the American people in the State of the Union address from the traditional venue of the U.S. House of Representatives.
Graham: Speaker Pelosi’s decision not to invite President Trump to deliver the State of the Union address sets a new low for American politics.
McConnell now meeting with McCarthy in McCarthy’s office. Subject is unclear
Trump on Pelosi: She just went out and said, 'let's cancel for first time in history, let's cancel the State of the Union address and it's a disgrace"
Trump says not having the State of the Union speech would be "very sad, very bad for country. A horrible precedent."
Pelosi on State of the Union speech: It's a sad thing for our country, We'll do something in the alternative. We're talking about that at later date
Trump: The State of the Union speech has been cancelled by Nancy Pelosi. She doesn't want to hear the truth. Doesn't want the American public to hear what's going on and she's afraid of the truth
Graham: By standing with the people of Venezuela, President Trump stands for freedom. Strong American leadership is indispensable in moments like this.  History will record that the Trump Administration was on the side of the people yearning to be free – not with their oppressor
4) It’s possible Congress could argue it WASN’T State of the Union if they at least never get a written report from the White House. But other than that, there is no clear definition as to what constitutes State of the Union
3) States of the Union messages were long hand delivered and read by a Congressional Clerk.		The term “State of the Union” wasn’t given by a President until FDR in 1934. The annual speech was formally designated “State of the Union” in the mid-1940s.
2) The term “State of the Union” is derived from Article II, Section 3 of the Constitution. All it says is that the President “shall from time to time give to the Congress Information on the State of the Union.” The method is not proscribed.
1) There are questions as to whether or not it is actually “State of the Union” if the President DOESN’T come to Capitol Hill to deliver his address….but speaks elsewhere...		Unclear.
Oversight Cmte Chair Cummings says “we will get the testimony” of Cohen	"as sure as night becomes day &amp; day becomes night.” Says if Hse is cowed by the President, “then we should all just pack up and go home.”	 I ask if Cohen is acting in good faith. Cummings: “I believe he is.”
I ask Pelosi if she is concerned about establishing a new precedent by perhaps not having a State of the Union speech:		Pelosi:	No. Not at all
6) Cameras in the House chamber are controlled by the House. They are only on when the House is in session. Extra broadcast cameras are approved &amp; brought into the House chamber for State of the Union to televise the speech
5) There is chatter if Trump could try to come to Hse chamber w/Hse out of session &amp; have GOPers stream his speech, ala what Dems did during June 2016 gun sit-in. That was a violation of Hse rules
4) It’s possible that Pelosi could simply make sure that the House is not in session next Tuesday night. In the summer of '08 Pelosi looked the other way as House Republicans took over the House chamber on a daily basis (when the House was not in session) to protest gas prices
3) House Rule IV is silent as to if the House must be in session for admittance.		BUT regardless…		The President MAY NOT address the House without the adoption of the Concurrent resolution.
2) House Rule IV lists who can be "permitted" in the House chamber. The President is one of them. Others are cabinet heads, governors, Architect of the Capitol. But they are not permitted to speak before the House
1) House Rule IV states that “the House of the house shall be used only for the legislative business of the House and for caucus and conference meetings of its Members, except when the House agrees to take part in any ceremonies to be observed therein.”
Chatter has started at the Capitol as to whether the President could just try to come to the Capitol on the night of January 29 and try to give a speech. Hse/Senate must approve a concurrent resolution authorizing POTUS to speak to a Jt Session of Congress in the Hse chamber
Pelosi on if she has given consideration to what will happen if Trump comes anyway next week for State of the Union: “No.”
Pelosi back at the Capitol. On postponing State of the Union: 	“Because Government is closed..Let’s work together on a mutually agreeable date.
Trump on Cohen cancelling his testimony before Congress: He's only been threatened by the truth..he doesn't want to tell the truth
Trump on Pelosi saying House won't consider resolution permitting Trump to speak at the Capitol for State of the Union on January 29: I'm not surprised. It;'s really a shame what's happening with the Democrats. They've become radicalized..
Pelosi to Trump: I look forward to welcoming you to the House on a mutually agreeable date for this address when government has been opened.
Pelosi to Trump: I am writing to inform you that the House of Representatives will not consider a concurrent resolution authorizing the President’s State of the Union address in the House Chamber until government has opened.
Pelosi to Trump: In my further correspondence of January 16th, I said we should work together to find a mutually agreeable date when government has re-opened and I hope that we can still do that.
Pelosi to Trump: When I extended an invitation on January 3rd for you to deliver the State of the Union address, it was on the mutually agreed upon date, January 29th.  At that time, there was no thought that the government would still be shut down.
#BREAKING In letter, Pelosi tells Trump house will "not consider a concurrent resolution" for State of the Union "until government has opened"
Cummings/Schiff on Cohen: This will not stop us from getting to the truth.  We expect Mr. Cohen to appear before both Committees, and we remain engaged with his counsel about his upcoming appearances.
Cummings/Schiff: When our Committees began discussions with Mr. Cohen’s attorney, not appearing before Congress was never an option.  We will not let the President’s tactics prevent Congress from fulfilling our constitutionally mandated oversight responsibilities.
Cummings/Schiff: We understand that Mr. Cohen’s wife and other family members fear for their safety after these attacks, and we have repeatedly offered our assistance to work with law enforcement to enhance security measures for Mr. Cohen and his family.
Cummings/Schiff say they still expect Cohen to appear at some point. "Not appearing before Congress was never an option." They calls "efforts to intimidate witnesses, scare their family members, or prevent them from testifying before Congress are textbook mob tactics"
Fox confirms that McCarthy has just introduced a concurrent resolution to the House to allow the State of the Union to go on as planned on January 29.		The House (and Senate) must adopt that resolution for the President to address a Joint Session of Congress in the House chamber
Nadler on Jackson Lee: I fully support her decision to voluntarily and temporarily step back from the Crime Subcommittee Chair position to ensure the Subcommittee’s important work continues. This decision does not suggest any culpability by Representative Jackson Lee.
Senior House Democratic source says Pelosi will have a response to the President’s letter regarding State of the Union
Cummings says he will release “a major statement” about Cohen. Declines to answer if he will subpoena Cohen since he canceled his February 7 testimony
USCP: The USCP is responding to demonstration activity in the hallway near Room SR-317 of the Russell Senate Office Building. All other personnel are directed to avoid the area until further notice. (This is McConnell’s office)
Pelosi on her response to Trump saying he’s coming to deliver State of the Union on Jan 29: “Stay tuned!”
Cohen to postpone Feb 7 Congressional testimony. His counsel says “Due to ongoing threats against his family from..Trump and Mr. Giuliani..as well as Mr. Cohen's continued cooperation with ongoing investigations, by advice of counsel, Mr. Cohen’s appearance will be postponed”
WH's Conway on Fox on Pelosi &amp; State of the Union: She's going to have some explaining to do. But I think fundamentally she's someone who doesn't always have control over temper about the President. She often doesn't have control of her own chamber.
WH's Conway on Fox. Says Trump "intends to go to the Chamber on Tuesday to address our great nation and give them an update on the State of the Union. It would remarkable petty for the Speaker of the House to disinvite the President of the United States
McConnell on Covington Catholic: Presumption of innocence does not exist. These students were denigrated by the media. Families in my home state are paying the price for expressing their freedoms. This is becoming an all too often occurrence.
McConnell: Members of Covington Catholic are now having their lives threatened. There was a few seconds of video footage taken that were out of context....
McConnell: More and more Democrats seem to be coming to the same conclusion as the rest of us. It’s time to make a deal. And fortunately, a deal is on the table. It’s a deal for everyone who’d rather reopen the government..and secure more certainty for DACA recipients
Pelosi finishes mtg w/CA delegation at Capitol. Does not respond to my question about the President’s letter saying he looks fwd to giving State of the Union at Capitol on Jan 29. Fox is told Pelosi reiterated need for gov’t to be open &amp; cited security issues for State of Union
McConnell now speaking on the flr about his constituents at Covington Catholic. McConnell: "In a matter of hours, these students were accused, tried and convicted..by the media"
McConnell on Senate GOP plan to re-open gov't: It's hard to understand a reason to oppose this.
Trump letter to Pelosi: "I look forward to seeing you on the evening of January 29th in the Chamber of the House of Representatives. It would be so very sad for our Country if the State of the Union were not delivered on time, on schedule, an very importantly, on location!"
Trump letter to Pelosi in response to her initial invitation for State of the Union &amp; the follow up to postpone. Trump says "I will be honoring your invitation, and fulfilling my Constitutional duty, to deliver important information to the people and Congress."
The National Federation of Federal Employees &amp; other workers taking part in an "Occupy Hart" protest regarding the partial government shutdown in the Hart Senate Office Building
McCarthy on State of the Union: The Speaker is playing politics. We should have respect for both offices. We should have it in the House chamber.
When asked where Trump should hold State of the Union if not at the Capitol, McCarthy says "I think we should hold it in the House chamber. It doesn’t matter what crisis has been going on in the past - we should give the same respect to the presidency. "
Hoyer when asked, as Majority Leader, he will advance a concurrent resolution authorizing the President to speak next week:	That could be passed Tuesday the 29th. It would be equally as effective as if we did it today
Hoyer clarifying his remarks on Fox yesterday about if the President should speak next week:	Although I disagree strongly with his policy..But he is the President of the United States..so if the President of the United States is willing to speak..sure
Hoyer on him suggesting on Fox he’d be ok with the President speaking next week and if he and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) are aligned:	We’re in the same page here..She didn’t disinvite him
Hoyer on what Democrats would spend to address border issues:	We are prepared to spend a very substantial sum of money..we do not believe there is a border crisis
Hoyer on President Trump:	I don’t know how anybody doesn’t think he’s responsible for shutting down the government
Hoyer on the tone the President has set for future negotiations with other subjects down the road:	He has created an environment which is very negative
Oversight Cmte says it’s “launching an in-depth investigation of the security clearance process at the WH &amp; Transition Team in response to grave breaches of national security at the highest levels of the Trump Administration, including by former National Sec Advisor Michael Flynn
Hoyer:	Not opening up the government subjects millions of Americans to real pain
Hoyer on GOP failing to call for roll call vote last week on spending bill:	They’re not used to being in the minority
Colleague Jared Halperm rpts Homeland Sec Chair Thompson is prepping plan to offer $5.7 billion for border security. But no wall. Thompson says it would cover “technology, manpower, fortifying the ports of entry along with the judges and some other things.”
Hoyer on House bills to fund the government:	These six bills would fund all of government except Homeland Security. We will then pass a CR for Homeland Security
Hoyer on shutdown:	Every American ought to be disappointed and angry. There are two people shutting down the government. President Trump and Mitch McConnell
GOP WV Gov Jim Justice: I called the President yesterday to convey our invitation for him to come to West Virginia to give the State of the Union Address in our State Capitol.
Hoyer: McConnell, who calls himself the guy who opens up the gov’t ought to open up gov’t and call the Senate to vote and urge his members to vote to open up gov’t
Hse Intel Cmte Chair Schiff to speak in NH on Feb 4 as part of Politics &amp; Eggs" at Saint Anselm College.
Dem VA Sens Warner/Kaine write to Mnuchin over impact shutdown is having on craft breweries in VA. Craft brewers have been unable to secure approvals for labeling changes, new recipes, or operating permits.
Hoyer: We are hopeful that the Senate will vote to open up the government of the United States. I think they're going to reject the Presidents plan because the specifics in it are very negative and ought to be subject to further negotiation
GOP IA Rep Steve King to hold Town Hall meeting on Saturday, January 26 in O’Brien County, Iowa.
Dem Caucus Chair Jeffries:	There is a chance a bipartisan approach could be reached on re-opening the Department of Homeland Security
Jeffries on the Senate plans to re-open government:	It’s a good thing that Mitch McConnell has finally decided to exit the witness program
Dem Caucus Vice chair Katherine Clark on if the Democrats give in on the wall for the shutdown:	This President will continue to use this tool...if we give in
Dem Caucus Chair Jeffries says “it’s absolutely not clear” if Trump would give State of the Union at the Capitol next week. Says it’s “highly unlikely” if the shutdown continues
House Democeatic Caucus Vice Chairwoman Katherine Clark (D-MA) on the shutdown and President Trump:	He has created his own national security emergency
WH on Senate bill to re-open gov’t: While the Administration remains concerned with the overall discretionary funding levels included in this bill, and with disaster spending that is unnecessary and premature, it supports this compromise approach
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) spoke in the House Democratic Caucus this morning, encouraging Democrats to continue to apply pressure on Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) regarding the government shutdown.
Due to gov’t shutdown, Hse GOPers postpone their annual issues retreat scheduled for later this month/first of February. Will be held later this year
What must happen if President Trump is to speak to a Joint Session of Congress for State of the Union https://t.co/IhCmcQ5g4K
House today to take revote on bill to fund gov’t on temporary bill from last wk. Bill was passed. But there was a dustup on the flr as to whether it should have had a roll call vote. The revote comes later today
House/Senate both in session today. House expected to work on set of 6 spending bills to fund gov’t. No action expected in Senate until tomorrow. 2 procedural votes. One on a GOP plan. Another on a Dem plan
McCarthy on Trump plan to end shutdown: What was really concerning to me was that Speaker Pelosi and Leader Schumer opposed it before the president even announced it. That's what wrong with it and that's what’s wrong with Washington today
McCarthy on Trump plan to fund gov't/address DACA: It's a very reasonable solution for the problem...something for everybody..“I think this is an opportunity to solve this problem, we just need reasonable minds to get together.
The House has approved a measure to prohibit the U.S. from dropping out of NATO. The Vote was 357-22.
Senior House Democratic source says they can let things with State of the Union float a little longer. The source tells Fox they can let this go “a day or so” before they have to have hard decisions as to whether they can hold State of the Union a week from today
Pelosi on if she thinks the latest efforts in the Senate or the House, could spur action on ending the shutdown: "We will see." I remind Pelosi that the “we will see” is often something President Trump says. She laughs as she steps into her office
Pelosi on if there is a drop dead date by which they have to decide to have the State of the Union speech on January 29: "I think there’s a drop dead date for the workers."
Pelosi: “I haven’t had any response” when I ask about her suggestion to postpone State of the Union. "The only response I’ve had is something they sent to 300 people." That's an email sent by WH to CapHill asking about when they would do the walkthrough for the speech
Pelosi: Senate Republicans need to re-open government, not continue their complicity in the Trump Shutdown with a vote for the President’s unacceptable border and immigration schemes that only increase the chaos and suffering at the border.
Pelosi on Senate GOP plan to open gov't: Families across the nation have been suffering under the shutdown for more than a month. There is no excuse for Senate Republicans not to pass this legislation, which contains the funding proposal that they have already supported.
Dem NY Rep Tom Malinowski (D-NY) on measure to bar US withdrawal from NATO: NATO is so important to our security. No alliance is more important to the values our country displays around the world. It has been Russia’s paramount goal to weaken and divide NATO.
Hoyer on Fox. Asked if he would be open to Trump delivering State of the Union speech in person if Trump told Pelosi he wouldn't submit it in writing. Hoyer: "Sure."
House now debating measure, barring US withdrawal from NATO
Hse Rules Cmte now meeting, prepping Hse Dems latest round of 6 spending bills to re-open the gov't.
Rubio at WH: I  don't like shutdowns and the President has made a legitimate offer..now it is up to Speaker Pelosi
Schumer: The president single-handedly canceled DACA and TPS protections. He did it himself, on his own a while back. Now, offering some temporary protections back in exchange for the wall is not a compromise, its more hostage taking.
Schumer on Trump gov't funding proposal: The president’s proposal is one-sided, harshly partisan, and was made in bad faith.
Senate in recess until 11 am Wednesday. With no Senate votes scheduled until Thursday afternoon, that means the shutdown will last until at least then if not longer.
Senate Democratic plan set for a vote Thurs afternoon would re-open all parts of the government until February 8.
McConnell/Schumer were just on the flr. Forged an agreement to clear the 1st procedural hurdle &amp; actually got onto the spending bill McConnell put out last night. But both votes on Thurs are cloture votes. Need 60 yeas.
Senate tees up two votes on Thurs at 2:30 pm on government shutdown. GOP plan. Democratic plan. Both need 60 yeas. Both plans would re-open the gov't.
3) On State of the Union: When Truman made use of Article II, Section 3 to “convene” Congress, he did so when Congress was in fact “out” of session. Both Senate Republicans and House Democrats have said Congress will not adjourn/recess until the government shutdown is resolved.
2) On State of the Union: This hasn’t happened since 1947 and 1948 when President Harry Truman explored this option twice. Note that “convening” DOES NOT necessarily mean that the President gets to SPEAK. It just recalls Congress to work on specific things.
1) On State of the Union: Article II, Section 3 of the Constitution also grants the President the ability “on extraordinary occasions” to convene either or both chambers of Congress.
4) Trump could theoretically speak elsewhere and call that “State of the Union.” Would the President have to submit written remarks to Congress? Unclear. That was the practice for more than a century.
3) President Franklin Delano Roosevelt first used the term “State of the Union” in the mid 1930s. It formally morphed into “State of the Union” in the mid-1940s.
2) George Washington delivered the 1st States of the Union in person. Jefferson stopped the practice, only to be rekindled by President Woodrow Wilson in 1913. In the intervening century, presidents simply sent written statements to Congress about the “State of the Union.”
1) Is it still called State of the Union if the President speaks elsewhere? Unclear. Term is derived from Article II, Section 3 of the Constitution. It states that the President “shall from time to time give to the Congress Information on the State of the Union.”
Can senators invite Trump to speak just to the Senate? In theory, yes. The Senate could assemble a resolution specific to having the President speak to senators in the Senate chamber. But that resolution needs to overcome 2 filibusters w/60 votes apiece
What happens if Trump rolls up to the Capitol on Jan 29? Then we’re in uncharted territory. The President has no official standing in the legislative branch. He occasionally comes to CapHill to meet w/GOPers here. But he can't just give his speech w/o Congressional blessing
A concurrent resolution to approve a Jt Session of Congress for State of the Union is subject to a filibuster. Needs 60 votes to clear motion to proceed. 60 votes to end debate on the entire resolution
Even though Pelosi invited Trump &amp; then suggested they pick another date for State of the Union once shutdown is over, Pelosi doesn't have to do anything else if the Hse/Senate don't ok a resolution for State of the Union. However, Pelosi could certainly rescind her invitation
Usually concurrent resolutions for State of the Union are a fait accompli. But they are ok'd by both the Hse/Senate for every State of the Union 	Never in recent memory has there been an issue as to whether the House and Senate would/could approve such a resolution.
NOTHING will happen for State of the Union at the Capitol, unless BOTH the Hse &amp; Senate approve a Concurrent Resolution for a Jt Session of Congress in the Hse chamber on January 29. The resolution would authorize use of the Hse chamber for the President to address the Congress.
McConnell on Dems not going for his plan to re-open gov't/DACA: Is their plan truly to throw federal workers, DACA recipients, Customs and Border Patrol..under the bus just to extend this run of political theater? So they can look like champions of the so-called ‘Resistance’?
McConnell says if Dems don't support his bill to re-open gov't, they will "prioritize political combat with the President ahead of federal workers..ahead of DACA recipients..is this really the price Democrats want to pay?"
McConnell notes that the Senate plan to re-open gov't he's propounding "is the only" legislation which would secure Trump's signature. The Hse is pursuing other bills. But those won't get Trump's signature.
Senate now meeting. Expect McConnell to try to start debate on bill to re-open gov't &amp; fund wall. If he doesn’t get clearance, he likely has to file cloture to try to cut off the filibuster on the motion to proceed. That requires 60 yeas. No vote until Thurs if by the bk
Hse Armed Svcs Cmte chair Smith: I am extremely disappointed in the SCOTUS decision to allow the Trump admin to enforce its..ban on transgender military service w/o proper due process in the courts. Anyone who is qualified..should be allowed to serve their country openly
On idea to have Trump speak to Senate in lieu of State of the Union. Still requires Senate adopt a simple resolution to use the chamber for those purposes. Motion to proceed to the resolution is debatable. That means 2 rounds of 60 required before approving such a resolution
Even though Pelosi extended State of the Union invite, she does not have to formally rescind the invite. Hse/Senate must ok a Jt Concurrent Resolution to use Hse chamber for Jt Mtg of Congress for State of the Union. If that doesn't happen, the gig is up. End of story.
Pelosi: Let me be very clear. Open up government..we cannot have the President every time he has an objection to say I'll shut down government until you come to my way of thinking..If we hold the employees hostage now they're hostage forever.
Pelosi: Let's hope that the president will stop holding the federal employees hostage. They provide so much of the needs of the American people..The president would understand what it means to families not to have paycheck in real time.
Pelosi on bills the Hse is considering this wk to open gov't: This will be the 9th or 10th time that in the Hse..we have voted to open up government..But now they're not taking yes for an answer to their own proposals.
Pelosi on Senate plan to open gov't When we heard the president was going to make a proposal we were optimistic that he might be reaching out to open up gov't..but then we heard what the particulars were..it was a non-starter.
From colleague John Roberts. Msg WH sent to CapHill in effort to hold State of the Union a week from today: “Given that we have lost valuable time over the past week, my team would like to reschedule the walk-through for this Monday if at all possible.”
Colleague John Roberts rpts DHS/USSs are continuing their plans for a State of the Union speech at the Capitol on Jan 29
The Super Bowl of Poltics https://t.co/COyFa2zpz4
Senate would have to ok a resolution to have Trump speak in the Senate chamber. That could run into problems from Democrats.
Hse/Senate must ok, on the flrs of both bodies, a Joint Concurrent Resolution to use Hse chamber for State of the Union &amp; have both bodies meet in a Joint Session of Congress. That has not happened. The Hse/Senate often ok such measures as a fait accompli. Perhaps not this yr
“We’re are still in a holding pattern,” said one CapHill source about State of the Union. No walkthrough scheduled yet. "It's up to Pelosi," said one source.
Colleague John Roberts rpts Trump intends to forge ahead with State of the Union next week. WH wants to schedule walkthrough, which was canceled last week
We truly don’t have much more info on State of the Union, scheduled one week from tonight. “We are standing by to stand by,” one senior Congressional official told Fox.  	Fox is told they can actually put it together rather quickly. But would prefer to have about 72 hours notice.
Hse/Senate back in session today. Senate hopes to start process to support plan to re-open gov’t which Trump supports. Hse begins process to tackle 6 separate spending bills. Sides still talking past one another
When will the government shutdown end? Ask Tony Romo.  https://t.co/T7Kg21vCLD
Isn’t McConnell’s effort to pass a pkg of bills to fund the gov't similar to what Hse Dems have done moving various spending bills? Note quite. McConnell (supposedly) has a blessing from Trump that he’ll sign it. That’s different from the DOA bills the House has passed of late
On McConnell's bill, let's say the Senate is able to advance a measure. 	That means the Senate can send to the Democratically-controlled House a measure which the President indicated he’ll sign. That could put pressure on Pelosi.
McConnell's gambit w/spending pkg is simple: force Senate Democrats – and perhaps even House Democrats – to either support his plan or begin objecting and blocking GOP efforts to re-open the government. McConnell’s ploy is to make sure Democrats bear equal responsibility.
If McConnell has to file cloture on the motion to proceed to the latest plan to end the shutdown, a vote to end debate wouldn't ripen until Thursday. Needs 60 yeas. If all 53 GOPers stick together, would need 7 Dems
McConnell hopes the Senate will start debate right away on his plan to end the shutdown. That could happen, via unanimous consent if no one objects. Otherwise, they are stuck on the "motion to proceed." That needs 60 votes to end debate on that alone. Would have to file cloture
Breakdown on the End the Shutdown &amp; Secure the Border Act: https://t.co/bc9eSiZ3qE
McConnell releases text of the "end the Shutdown and Secure the Border Act. Is more than 1,300 pages long: https://t.co/LLV7k01FzN
Trump tweet: If Nancy Pelosi thinks that Walls are “immoral,” why isn’t she requesting that we take down all of the existing Walls between the U.S. and Mexico, even the new ones just built in San Diego at their very strong urging...
Martin Luther King Statue in the US Capitol Rotunda on MLK Day https://t.co/aSmm1PfX1a
From the White House to White Castle https://t.co/xl1Ipc0QzJ
Dem CA Sen Harris on Trump/wall: He is holding american people hostage over vanity project that he calls a wall. It is completely irresponsible. Those people don't want a wall. They want a paycheck
Dem CA Sen Harris on if Trump has committed impeachable offenses: I believe what should be the highest priority is that Mueller be able to finish his investigation. There should be no interference with that process.
Dem CA Sen Harris on how many Dems running for president: This is a robust signal of democracy
Dem CA Sen Harris on Syria: We cannot conduct foreign policy through tweets. When we make decisions about military presence, we do it in a way that involved consultation with military leaders, outreach to our allies.
MD/VA Sens write to head of DC area Metro system over concerns that subway cars made by China Railway Rolling Stock Corp could be hacked
Republicans have long played the “Pelosi” card with varying levels of succeess. The Afghanistan trip cancellation and Hawaii “vacation” example before she became Speaker were examples of this ploy. GOP trying to make Pelosi centerpiece of shutdown, rather than Trump
On Senate GOP plan to open gov’t: Republicans can also apply pressure on House Democrats and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA). This could be an effort to portray her as “obstructionist” and not willing to go to the table if this is DOA
On Senate GOP plan to re-open gov’t: McConnell can now make the fight very public and criticize Democrats not willing to vote to end debate on the motion to proceed. Republicans can really go after the likes of Sen. Doug Jones (D-AL), up in 2020, if he sticks w/Dems.
On Senate GOP plan to re-open gov’t: Plan could help GOP senators like McSally &amp; Ernst, up in 2020 in battleground states. Gives them a chance to be “for” opening gov’t. But could be interpreted as “amnesty” by some on the right and spark a primary challenge
On the GOP strategy to re-open gov’t: Could help protect GOP senators who are up for re-election in 2020. McConnell needs to give these lawmakers something to “be for” so they are not criticized for being complicit in keeping the government shuttered.
Clyburn on Fox on gov’t shutdown proposal: I can't see us keeping federal employees, 800,000 people out of work while we go back and forth on negotiations. These negotiations could take three or four weeks.
Clyburn on Fox on Trump: I think it's a nonstarter for him to ask for a permanent wall and for us to have a temporary (DACA) fix.
Friday is the next day federal workers would miss their next paycheck. 		Tacked onto the McConnell legislation will be supplemental money for disaster relief and extensions on the Violence Against Women Act.
The Senate breakdown 53-47 in favor of Republicans. They will need seven Democrats to join Republicans to get 60....if all Republicans stick together to end debate on motion to proceed to McConnell bill to re-open gov’t. 		Some immigration hardliners won’t like this plan.
If Democrats don’t cooperate to end debate on motion to proceed to bill to re-open gov’t, McConnell will need to file cloture Tuesday to cut off debate on the motion to proceed which would not ripen for a vote until Thursday.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) indicated to Republican senators yesterday he would try to move to start debate on the bill to fund thr gov’t Tuesday. The motion to proceed only needs a simple majority. But cutting off debate will need 60 yeas
Fox is told that Senate the Senate GOPers have been scrambling over the weekend to put together the bill the President proposed yesterday. 		Fox is told the text should be available tomorrow.
On Fox, Pence says plan to help DREAMers/DACA “is not amnesty.” Says there is no pathway to citizenship
McConnell backs Trump’s plan to re-open gov’t. But in the past, McConnell has said Trump, Pelosi &amp; Schumer need to agree. Has said final deal must be “acceptable to all parties—which means 60 votes in the Senate, a majority in the House, and a presidential signature”
McCarthy on Trump plan to end shutdown: The country is watching. Speaker Pelosi and Senator Schumer need to drop the resistance and start working with Republicans to get this done.
McCarthy: President Trump has put forward a serious and reasonable offer to reform parts of our broken immigration system, including stronger and more effective border security. It will also reopen parts of the federal government that are shut down.
McConnell: Everyone has made their point—now it’s time to make a law. I intend to move to this legislation this week. With bipartisan cooperation, the Senate can send a bill to the House quickly so that they can take action as well.
McConnell on Trump plan: Unlike the bills that have come from the House over the past few weeks, this proposal could actually resolve this impasse. It has the full support of the President and could be signed into law to quickly reopen the government.
McConnell: I commend the President for his leadership in proposing this bold solution to reopen the government, secure the border, and take bipartisan steps toward addressing current immigration issues. Compromise in divided government means that everyone can’t get everything
Durbin: First, President Trump and Senate Majority Leader McConnell must open the government today.  Second, I cannot support the proposed offer as reported and do not believe it can pass the Senate.
Pelosi: The President has taken pride in shutting down government. Now, he must take action to open up government.
Pelosi: Democrats were hopeful that the President was finally willing to re-open government and proceed with a much-need discussion to protect the border. 	 	Unfortunately, initial reports make clear that his proposal is a compilation of several previously rejected initiatives
Sr Dem aide says Trump proposal isn’t a compromise. Says it can’t pass the House or Senate.
Sr Hse Dem aide says WH did not consult w/Dem ldrs on proposal. Says proposal mirrors other offers which were rejected. Says there is not a permanent solution on DACA.
Fox is told the Administration will brief House GOPers on Trump’s new offer during 5 pm et conference call 	Fox is told they will discuss a trade for some DACA provisions and Temporary Protected Status (TPS) eligibility. Graham has pushed those issues for months
Senate done with rare Saturday session. Returns Tuesday afternoon
Trump: I hope Spkr Pelosi can come along and realize what everybody knows, no matter who it is, they know walls work and we need walls. Whether it is personal or not, it's not personal for me. She is being controlled by the radical left which is a problem.
Senate now mtg in rare Saturday session. Business is the motion to proceed to a bill to assist Isreal/sanction Syria. Dem VA Sen Kaine asked for the Saturday session due to the gov’t shutdown
Senate in session this morning for rare Saturday mtg. Trump to speak about border issues later this afternoon
https://t.co/0jajsyWAXG
The Super Bowl of Politics: State of the Union https://t.co/rejR86sUu7
Special Counsel spokesman Peter Carr: “BuzzFeed’s description of specific statements to the Special Counsel’s Office, and characterization of documents and testimony obtained by this office, regarding Michael Cohen’s Congressional testimony are not accurate.”
DHS: The Dept takes the security of special events like the Super Bowl extremely seriously..the current lapse in government funding will have no effect on our commitment to assuring a safe and secure event.
Trump tweet: I will be making a major announcement concerning the Humanitarian Crisis on our Southern Border, and the Shutdown, tomorrow afternoon at 3 P.M., live from the @WhiteHouse.
We think of the State of the Union speech as etched in stone. Hardly. It’s organic. Thet means change is inevitable. Perhaps that’s the case again this year https://t.co/yu4dyuvwzJ
Feinstein on Cohen allegations: If true, the president committed a crime and must be held accountable..If these latest allegations are true, they’re too serious to be ignored or withheld from public scrutiny.
Graham on 2nd NK summit: President Trump deserves great credit for getting us to this point. We have a long way to go, and I’m hopeful that the engagement started by President Trump can finally end the North Korean problem in a win-win fashion.
Hoyer says the House next week will move another batch of six, Senate conferenced spending bills, in an effort to re-open the government. The hope is that this will put pressure on House Republicans and the Senate to act.
Hoyer calls shutdown “the longest shutdown in history. The dumbest shutdown in history. And the most damaging in history.”
Hoyer on Super Bowl security concerns &amp; not paying security officials working the event: We need people at their sharpest.
Trump campaign: Starting today, Donald J. Trump for President, Inc. is offering red faux bricks to be sent to Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) in exchange for a campaign contribution in the amount of $20.20 each.
A sr Hse Dem ldrshp aide tells Fox it was Clyburn who raised the issue of Super Bowl security at a Dem mtg Thurs. The issue is that many of those working to secure the game are not getting paid. Not that the shutdown 	necessarily created a special vulnerability
OMB letter says Congress can’t use gov’t aircraft during shutdown "without the express written approval of the White House Chief of Staff”
WH’s Kellyanne Conway on Pelosi: We’re glad she’s in town. We hope she comes back to the White House and negotiates
Pelosi on if Trump denying her trip to Afghanistan was retaliation for her suggestion to delay State of the Union: I hope the president wouldn’t be that petty
Pelosi on Trump Admin: The fact that they would leak that we were flying commercial is a danger to us and other people. It’s very irresponsible on the part of president. We’ll go again. This would be my 8th trip.
Pelosi: We had perogative to travel commercial and were planning to do that. Then the White House leaked, outing our trip made scene on the ground more dangerous. We were never give advance notice of going into a battle area
Senate out until 11 am et SATURDAY. On debate to “proceed” to bill to assist Israel &amp; sanction Syria. Senate has failed 3 times to muster enough votes to start on this measure
From colleague Peter Doocy w/GOP GA Rep Buddy Carter on if Super Bowl security could be an issue due to shutown: The airport is a challenge. I’ve been through Atlanta twice this week and I can tell you there are long lines and that’s something we need to work on
From colleague Brooke Singman. Sr WH official: When the Spkr..&amp;..others..decide to book their own commercial flights to Afghanistan, the world is going to find out. The idea we would leak anything that would put the safety and security of any American at risk is a flat out lie
The “Magic Bus” on Capitol Hill https://t.co/ta3uuEA1CF
Colleague Jason Donner rpts top Dem on Senate Intel Cmte expects Michael Cohen to appear again before panel next month
Pelosi spox Hammill: Whether here or abroad, the Speaker always thanks our troops, diplomats and intelligence community for their heroism and service.
Pelosi spox Hammill: In light of the grave threats caused by the President’s action, the delegation has decided to postpone the trip so as not to further endanger our troops and security personnel, or the other travelers on the flights
Pelosi spox Hammill: This morning, we learned that the Administration had leaked the commercial travel plans as well.
Pelosi spox Hammill: The middle of the night, the State Department’s DSS provided an updated threat assessment detailing that the President announcing this sensitive travel had significantly increased the danger to the delegation and to the troops
Pelosi spox Hammill: After President Trump revoked the use of military aircraft to travel to Afghanistan, the delegation was prepared to fly commercially to proceed with this vital trip to meet with our commanders and troops on the front lines.
Pelosi spox Hammill: The United States Congress is a co-equal branch of government in our system of checks and balances.  The Congress has a constitutional responsibility to conduct oversight in the war zone where our men and women in uniform are risking their lives every
Trump tweet: Democrats on a seven day excursion when 800,000 great people are not getting paid. Also, could somebody please explain to Nancy &amp; her “big donors” in wine country that people working on farms (grapes) will have easy access in!
Many anti-abortion lawmakers are in DC this wknd for the annual March for Life on Capitol Hill and to the Supreme Court
Hse/Senate both meet briefly today. But no action planned on the govt shutdown
Schiff: The allegation that the President..may have suborned perjury before our committee in an effort to curtail the investigation and cover up his business dealings with Russia is among the most serious to date. We will do what’s necessary to find out if it’s true
Multiple sources tell Fox there was a stir in the Hse Dem Caucus mtg today when an unnamed mbr suggested there could be issues securing the Super Bowl due to shutdown. “That definitely got everyone’s attention,” said one House Democrat who asked not to be identified.
Trump campaign fundraising appeal: It’s clear that Nancy Pelosi would rather ignore our American Constitution than allow me to speak directly to YOU...And now they are PANICKING at the thought of me speaking to you and your family in two short weeks.
Pelosi still at the Capitol after trip was cancelled. Reporters still staking her out in the hall. House Sergeant at Arms Paul Irving just went into her office
Sr Congressional official on if Dem mbrs will still be able to go on overseas trip: “I don’t know.”
Pence leaves McConnell’s office. Does. Not respond to any questions about the President postponing Pelosi’s trip overseas
WH’s Sanders on admin officials &amp; Davos: Out of consideration for the 800,000 great American workers not receiving pay and to ensure his team can assist as needed, President Trump has canceled his Delegation’s trip to the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland.
Romney on the Trump/Pelosi back and forth: “It’s been a back and forth deal that Speaker Pelosi began. This really doesn’t help anything at all.”
Menendez: It’s pretty outrageous to tell the enemies of the United States that the third person in line to the presidency the Speaker of the House of Representatives on her way to a war zone.
Pence/Kushner on Capitol Hill. Now in McConnell’s office
Senate fails to advance bill barring taxpayer money for abortion. Vote was 48-47. But it needed 60 yeas.
Schiff on postponed trip: This is obviously an action directed at the Speaker
Schiff who was supposed to go on overseas trip: We believe this is completely inappropriate by the president. work must go on..it is vitally important now in particular since the President announced a withdrawal from Syria
Senate now taking procedural vote to advance bill banning taxpayer funded abortions. Needs 60 yeas.
Schiff says Trump's decision to postpone trip is like something from "fifth grade."
Pelosi spox Drew Hammill: The President traveled to Iraq during the Trump Shutdown as did a Republican CODEL led by Rep. Zeldin.
Pelosi spox: The purpose of the trip was to express appreciation and thanks to our men and women in uniform for their service and dedication, and to obtain critical national security and intelligence briefings from those on the front lines
Pelosi spokesman Drew Hammill:		Pelosi’s CoDel to Afghanistan included a stop in Brussels for required pilot rest (and meetings with NATO commanders because of that). No stop in Egypt. Group wanted to “express appreciation &amp; thanks to our men &amp; women in uniform” in Middle East.
WH on postponed overseas trip for Dems: As soon as the president found out about the trip today, he took immediate action.” WH says this “is not a response” to Pelosi asking the President to postpone the State of the Union.
Members spotted getting off the bus after they went around the block and back to the Capitol: Engel, Schiff, Takano, DavisCA, Lynch
Hoyer on postponed Pelosi Trip “It’s petty. It’s small. It’s vindictive.”
White House sending Presidential Delegation to Switzerland which includes Secretaries Mnuchin, Pompeo and Ross as well as Ambassador Lighthizer and Deputy Chief of Staff Chris Liddell.
Graham: One sophomoric response does not deserve another. Pelosi’s threat to cancel the State of the Union is very irresponsible and blatantly political. Trump denying Pelosi military travel to visit our troops in Afghanistan, our allies in Egypt and NATO is also inappropriate.
McCarthy: Being Speaker of the House and leaving the country with a shutdown. I don't think that's appropriate especially especially the Spkr thinks we should even have the State of the Union.
McCarthy: I'm just shocked you even think that she would leave the country. Why would you leave the country with as Speaker in middle of shut down.
WH officials say all travel has be “postponed”. Say trip was not “canceled”
USAF bus back on Capitol plaza. Mbrs getting off bus &amp; going back into Capitol https://t.co/k9luYw5YyC
Members are sitting on the USAF bus on CapHill they wait to see if they are departing on overseas trip Trump canceled. 		Fox is told there are furious calls going back and forth now between the Hill, State, Pentagon and White House.
Fox is told CapHill security officials got an emergency call from the Pentagon canceling the overseas trip due to shutdown. No one here knows if the trip is going to happen or not. Lots of confusion https://t.co/eFCqsaNcGe
Trump makes no mention of State of the Union in his message to Pelosi. But in sign off says “I look forward to seeing you soon.”
Trump writes to Pelosi. Says he’s canceling her “excursion” this wknd to Egypt, Afghanistan &amp; Belgium due to the shutdown. Mbrs are usually flown via military air overseas for such Congressional delegation trips
Hoyer says on the floor to Scalise that a Republican member on the floor heckled Rep. Tony Cardenas (D-CA) to “return to Puerto Rico.”		Cardenas was born in Los Angeles.
Re-vote on the stopgap spending bill will come next Wed night.		Scalise to Hoyer:	I want to thank the gentleman from MD for his fairness..as emotions ran high 		Scalise:	Tensions got a little heated because these are important issues
Hoyer says on Wednesday, the House will vote re-vote the bill to re-open gov't on Feb 28 since mbrs were not able to cast a ballot on that measure. Hoyer asks the outcome of the vote be vacated.
House back after brief recess. Hoyer on the flr. Says mbrs wanted to vote &amp; were not given the chance to do so. Says they "have reviewed the tapes." Says he wants mbrs on both sides to express their views through voting. Hoyer says Dem NC Rep Butterfield was fair
Hse GOPers yell at Dems on flr after dustup over vote outcome. GOPers yell	“Is this how it’s going to be?”		“Go back to Puerto Rico! “ some GOPers, referring to the fundraising trip there last weekend
8) The issue in question on the 2007 “stolen vote?” Republicans were trying to kill the bill because they wanted to incorporate specific language into the bill to deny illegal immigrants federal benefits.
7) As a result, Democrats and Republicans worked together to form a bipartisan, select committee (ala what they did a few years ago on Benghazi) to probe the vote. In fact, Vice President Mike Pence served on the committee which studied the  vote.
6) In 2007, GOPers, then in the minority accused Dems of “stealing” a vote on an agriculture spending bill. In that instance, GOPers tried to chance their votes at the last minute. There was a discrepancy between the tally on the scoreboard &amp; what the presiding officer announced
5) But on his way back into the chamber, Hoyer told Fox he would permit a re-vote. But it wouldn’t be today because almost everyone had hit the exits, bound for the airport.
4) This led to a tense exchange between House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer (D-MD) and House Minority Whip Steve Scalise (R-LA)		In the hall, Hoyer later said “it was a mistake” and noted that, “from a parliamentary standpoint, Republicans don’t have an option” to order a re-vote
3) So, Butterfield interprets this as the House approving the measure by voice vote.		“The ayes have it!” The Joint Resolution is agreed to!” thunders Butterfield.		We are pulling the tape		Then Republicans start carping. But they never demanded a vote when they had the chance.
2) Rep. G.K. Butterfield (D-NC) was presiding over the House. He asks…very deliberately and yelling “Those in favor say aye! Those opposed say no!”		But it is the custom of the opposition party to demand a full, recorded, roll call vote.		No one in the chamber says anything.
1) Big dustup on the House floor as the House was voting on the interim spending bill to re-open the government through February 28. Republicans		Republicans are accusing Democrats of pulling a fast one on the floor to pass the stopgap bill without a roll call vote.
From colleague Jason Donner. Top Dem on Senate Intel Cmte Warner: Trump could be probably a tough client. But I would if I had been the client I would've been pretty upset with Mr. Giuliani's comments.
Rep. Tom Marino (R-PA) is resigning from Congress on June 23 and taking a job in the private sector. 		Elected in 2010, voters just returned Marino to office in November. 		Marino was up to be the administration’s drug czar in late 2017, but withdrew his name from consideration
The House has voted to disapprove of the Treasury Department’s decision to lift some Russian sanctions. 		The vote was 362-53. 		The House handled this measure in a way which required a two thirds vote for adoption. 		With 425 members voting, it needed 	284 yeas to pass.
Colleague Jason Donner rpts furloughed gov’t workers are protesting at Nats Park where Senate GOPers are holding their annual, off-campus retreat
House now voting on resolution to disapprove of the Treasury Department’s decision to lift some Russian sanctions. This will require a two-thirds vote.
Pelosi on if why they aren’t negotiating to end shutdown:	What negotiating table are we not at?..
Pelosi does not directly answer question on if proposal to postpone State of the Union is really an effort to lower the temperature. The idea that no good could come of the speech when everyone is amped up over shutdown and members might not be respectful
Pelosi on if she’s trying deny the President a platform w/speech:	I’m not denying him a platform at all. Let’s get a date when we’re open		Pelosi on if the President says he’s coming to speak anyway:	We’ll cross that bridge when we come to it. He’s been very quiet about this
Pelosi on her security concerns at State of the Union:	This is elevated to a place where the resources of the government are used to protect that event..I have no doubt that are men and women have the ability to protect..they train for this, let’s pay them for this
House Democrats are scheduled to hold their annual retreat this winter at the Lansdowne Resort and Spa in Leesburg, VA. The dates are February 13-15.
House debating resolution to disapprove of the Treasury Department’s decision to lift some Russian sanctions. This will need a two-thirds vote for adoption.
Pelosi on moving the date of State of the Union:	The date is not a sacred date. It’s not in the a Constitution. It’s not his birthday..it could be date later
Pelosi on protecting State of the Union:	I have no doubt that are men and women have the ability to protect..they train for this, let’s pay them for this
Pelosi on her security concerns at State of the Union:	This is elevated to a place where the resources of the government are used to protect that event
Pelosi on workers impacted by the shutdown:	I don’t understand the reality of this is not cared about by the administration..they’re not paid. They’re not cared about by the administering
Pelosi on the shutdown:	This senseless shutdown is inflicting great pain
Pelosi on Treasury briefing lawmakers on lifting some Russia sanctions:	It was the worst briefing I’ve seen by the Trump Administration
The precedents and history of State of the Union https://t.co/2UGFNLJQKi
Senate GOPers holding their annual retreat today. Is off-campus at Nats Park. Federal workers furloughed due to the shutdown expected to head to the ballpark to protest.
Trump tweet: So funny to watch Schumer groveling. He called for the firing of bad cop James Comey many times - UNTIL I FIRED HIM!
GOP FL Sen Rick Scott: Everybody is responsible. Democrats. Republicans, for the shutdown. We’ve got to keep people safe. This is about keeping everyone safe. How do we do that...and part of that is border security.
GOP FL Sen Rick Scott on gov't shutdown: I didn’t shut down the government when I was governor. What I tried to to is figure out is what to do. But I never shut the government down.
GOP FL Sen Rick Scott on border wall/national emergency: I think the President should look at every option he has. The best option would be to get everyone together to secure the border.
GOP MO Sen Hawley letter to FBI Dir Wray. Calls rpt FBI opened a counterintelligence investigation into Trump. Calls it “alarmig.” Worries about FBI being used “as a weapon against political opponents.”
Freshman GOP Sen Rick Scott to hold presser this am on gov’t shutdown. Pelosi to hold wkly presser later today as well
Senate doesn’t meet until 4 pm et today. Senate GOPers hold retreat off CapHill
A cross is now visible on the center circle on the floor of the US Capitol Rotunda https://t.co/VvvvaPN8Vt
GOP KY Sen Rand Paul on mtg w/Trump on Syria/Afghanistan: I have never been prouder of President Trump...he stood up for a strong America &amp; steadfastly opposed foreign wars..President Trump is delivering on his promises!
Hoyer moves to refer censure resolution by Dem IL Rep Rush on GOP IA Rep Steve King to Ethics Committee. Is approved by voice vote
Dem IL Rep Rush on his censure resolution for GOP IA Rep King being sidelined: 	Of course I’m disappointed. 		Rush on his resolution being sidelined:	There was a lot of political hanky-panky
Dem IL Rep Rush on his censure resolution for GOP IA Rep King. 	Rush:	There is a provision that if..King utters one more racist thing, I have the right to bring it up again	Rush:	I’m going to reserve the right 2 bring this up again if..King says 1 more syllable that is racist
House reading clerk is now reading resolution to censure GOP IA Rep King by Dem IL Rep Bobby Rush. Resolution is expected to be referred to the Ethics Cmte without full consideration by the House. Censure is the second-most serious form of official discipline in the House.
Colleague Guerin Hays rpts Schumer completes mtg w/AG nominee Barr. Says he still opposes him
Schumer: President Trump’s precipitous removal of our troops from Syria and his claim that ISIS is we knew would not hold up. Today’s tragedy shows that’s just the case
Schumer: The gov’t is closed because of President Trump. If it continues to be closed on the 29th, I think it’s a good idea to delay it until the government is open.
Pelosi spox: The Office of the Spkr has been contacted by a furloughed DHS employee who expressed serious concerns that the dept has insufficient staffing levels to sufficiently manage the security needs for the upcoming State of the Union..due to furloughs of critical staff
GOP IA Rep King on if he was going to be censured: It is not going to happen.
Dem OH Rep Ryan on if the resolution of disapproval yesterday sidelined the censure effort of GOP IA Rep King today:	He definitely dodged a bullet here. A lot of us are tired of the rhetoric. Whether it’s coming from him or the White House
Dem OH Rep Ryan on if he’s disappointed his censure effort of GOP IA Rep King will be sidelined:	A little bit. I thought this rose to the level of a censure..the idea that we did not bring this all the way up
Dem OH Rep Ryan on efforts to further discipline GOP IA Rep King:	The next time something like this happens is they’ll call it up and we’ll move to expel him
Effort to move censure resolutions of GOP IA Rep King is essentially a move to euthanize the resolutions. Censure resolutions will be read on the floor and then sent to committee.
House not expected to censure GOP IA Rep King. Dem OH Rep Ryan expects censure resolutions to be referred to cmte, euthanuzing those efforts. Ryan on King: “He definitely dodged a bullet here.”
Graham on Syria attack: I support President Trump’s efforts to rebalance our commitment..But it is important that the United States has leverage and a presence to protect our homeland from terrorist attacks and stand with allies and partners who push back against common enemies.
Dem OR Sen Markey  to FAA: It is essential that Congress and the public understand the effect of the lapse in federal funding on FAA operations and aviation safety.
Colleague Caroline McKee rpts Hse Dem freshmen walked a letter over to McConnell's office to urge him to help end shutdown. Were told McConnell was not available to meet. Also went to the Senate flr to try to find McConnell.
Fox is told today's planning meeting for State of the Union at the Capitol today was postponed at the request of the Speaker’s Office.
Schumer to meet later this pm w/AG nominee Wm Barr
Schumer: President Trump is continuing his heartless and cruel policies. He’s using hundreds of thousands of federal workers as bargaining chips in the longest shutdown in American history.Simply put president Trump has completely abandoned American workers.
Homeland Security Committee Chair Bennie Thompson says DHS is not "fully operational" &amp; supports Pelosi's suggestion to postpone State of the Union
Colleague Mike Emanuel rpts GOP KY Sen Rand Paul en route to WH to discuss Syria w/Trump. Fox is told Paul will encourage Trump to stick by plan to withdraw troops from Syria. There's concern Trump could change his mind after today's attack
Scalise on if Pelosi is trying to get into President Trump’s head by trying to call off the speech:	I think he’s already gotten it into her head that she’s on the wrong side of this issue
Scalise on what he wants to hear from Pelosi about the alleged inability to secure the State of the Union speech due to the government shutdown:	Ask her to detail what that security concern is. There is no referral to the Capitol Police
Scalise says Pelosi trying to postpone State of the Union shows “insecurity on their part and that they can’t defend their open borders policy.”		Scalise:	I would encourage him to come…It’s an annual tradition..The country deserves to hear from the President
Senior source tells Fox the Speaker does not expect to hear back from the President on her letter, requesting a delay on the State of the Union.		From another Democratic source: “She just doesn’t want to hear from him.”
House now consideing supplemental disaster bill to help cover cost of wildfires &amp; hurricanes
House freshman Dems now walking to McConnell’s office, delivering a letter encouraging him to help end the shutdown
Fox confirms. McCarthy said the following about Pelosi &amp; her call to delay State of the Union: “It’s unbecoming of a Speaker to do this”
Pelosi does not respond when asked if Trump has responded to her request to postpone State of the Union
Colleague John Roberts rpts a sr administration official says a planning mtg for State of the Union was canceled today on Capitol Hill.
Colleague John Roberts rpts security officials say no one from Hse Dem ldrshp reached out to them about prep for State of the Union. DHS says USSS is "ready for State of the Union. Described this as a "no fail" mission.
Senate fails to cut off debate on resolution to disapprove of the Treasury Department’s decision to lift some sanctions on Russia. The vote was 57-42. But it needed 60 yeas to halt debate
Dem NY Rep Max Rose on Fox on Pelosi urging Trump to postpone State of the Union during gov't shutdown: The state of the union is that we are not open for business..this is absurd.
WH on mtg w/Hse Dems: The President and his team had a constructive meeting with bipartisan members of the problem solvers caucus. They listened to one another and now both have a good understanding of what the other wants. We look forward to more conversations like this.
From colleague Guerin Hays. Schumer on efforts to re-open gov't: "President Trump rejected VP Pence’s office an hour after Pence made it to me. But we rejected it in the room”
GOP ME Sen Collins: Every day that government is closed there are more and more hardships that are being imposed on federal employees and their families. And also on American citizens who need to interact with those closed agencies, so I think, shutdowns are never a good idea.
Senate now voting to end debate on resolution to disapprove of the Treasury Department’s decision to lift some sanctions on Russia. 11 GOPers broke w/GOP yesterday after Mnuchin tried to defend decision. Needs 60 yeas. But high-water mark yesterday was 59 yeas
USCP on arrests at Wheeler/EPA confirmation hearing: United States Capitol Police arrested six individuals for unlawfully demonstrating in the Dirksen Senate Office Building.  All were charged with D.C. Code §22-1307, Crowding, Obstructing, or Incommoding.
Hse Dems at mtg with Trump Gottheimer, Suozzi, GonzalezTX, Brindisi, Phillips, RoseNY &amp; Spanberger
President Carter submitted in writing to Congress a State of the Union in '81, just 4 days before Reagan became President. Reagan put off his State of the Union speech in '86 due to the Space Shuttle Challenger disaster
Graham on Syria &amp; attack there: My concern by the statements made by President Trump is that you have set in motion enthusiasm by the enemy we are fighting..I hope the president will look long and hard about what we are doing in Syria.
Dem Caucus Chair Jeffries on Pelosi suggesting to Trump they delay State of the Union: It is an appropriate step. If you convene the House, Senate, ..&amp; we are in middle of shutdown &amp; Secret Svc has been hamstrung by Trump’s recklessness. It is the right thing to do
Dem Rep Engel on Pelosi suggesting to Trump he postpone State of the Union: I support her. I think we need to break this impasse. We need the president to be reasonable. I don’t think we can go along as business as usual. There has to be something done. We are ready to go.
Dem NY Rep Morelle on Pelosi suggesting to Trump he postpone State of the Union: She rightly points out that we are in a crisis. The President needs to show sensitivity to Americans that are impacted and not have celebratory event. I hope there is an end in sight.
Some Hse Dems from the "Problem Solver's Caucus" at the WH today to discuss the shutdown with Trump.
Colleague Mike Emanuel rpts Sens Graham/Coons draft bipartisan letter to Trump, urging support of short-term spending bill to re-open government.
McConnell: Senate Democrats have decided that aid for Israel and help for the people of Syria are not worthy of this body’s time, but are happy to spend floor time trying to blow up a highly technical Treasury Department decision which current law actually requires.
McConnell: Democrats have made a marketing decision to obstruct President Trump, at all costs, even if it hurts substantive priorities they used to support. That’s why we’re in Day 26 of this partial government shutdown, with Democrats refusing to even show up and negotiate
USCP: ALL CLEAR. The USCP has cleared the incident with the Suspicious Substance in the vicinity of Room 2402 of the Rayburn House Office Building. The area has reopened.
USCP: The USCP is responding to a Suspicious Substance in the vicinity of Room-2402 of the Rayburn House Office Building.
Colleague Caroline McKee rpts USCP arresting demonstrators at confirmation hearing for EPA Administator nominee Wheeler
At Barr confirmation hearing, top Dem on Judiciary Cmte says her vote for or against Barr will hinge on Mueller publicly releasing his report
Pelosi to Trump on potentially moving State of the Union: Unless government re-opens this week, I suggest that we::determine another suitable date after gov’t has re-opened..or for you to consider delivering your State of the Union address in writing to the Congress on January 29
Pelosi to Trump: Since the start of modern budgeting in Fiscal Year 1977, a State of the Union address has never been delivered during a government shutdown.
State of the Union to be done in the afternoon. 		President Lyndon Johnson was the first to deliver a prime time address in 1965. 		Keep in mind, this is Pelosi’s call. The President does NOT have to do this in person. It’s her invite.
President George Washington initially delivered the State of the Union message in person. But President Thomas Jefferson halted the practice, presenting the remarks in writing. President Woodrow Wilson resumed the speech in person in 1913.
Article II, Section 3 of the Constitution requires the President periodically "give to the Congress Information of the State of the Union, and recommend to their Consideration such measures as he shall judge necessary and expedient."
Pelosi tells Trump to delay State of the Union due to shutdown. Asks him to submit his message in writing
The only thing to solve the government shutdown is compromise https://t.co/u57FJWug43
Hse could consider additional discipline for GOP IA Rep Steve King today/tomorrow. Two resolutions of censure are available for Hse to vote.
Senate takes procedural vote today to end debate on resolution to disapprove of Treasury Dept’s decision to lift some Russia sanctions. Needs 60 yeas
Hse today to debate/vote on supplemental spending pkg for disaster relief. Includes aid for California wildfires
2nd day of confirmation hearing for Wm Barr to be AG. Cmte will hear today from outside witnesses
GOP NY Rep Pete King on Trump not offering White Castle cheeseburgers to Clemson players: As a fellow Queens guy...What an opportunity the President missed to educate those guys from the South on what Queens sophisticates considered such a favorite delicacy!
Senate to take procedural vote midday Wednesday to end debate on resolution to disapprove of Administration decision to lift some sanctions on Russia. Needs 60 yeas
Schumer on Trump Admin lifting some sanctions on Russia: This is sort of a kiss up to Putin. If Republicans are scared to debate something like this, shame on them
Schumer on Trump: He’s not winning this fight. End the debate and open government
Until today's vote to start debate on Schumer resolution on Russia sanctions, Senate has been stymied in doing ANYTHING so far this Congress, due to the government shutdown. Possible the Senate could remain on this measure for a while. Needs 60 yeas to end debate.
McConnell tried 3 times to get Senate to start debate on measure to assist Israel/sanction Syria. Each vote failed. But Senate has now started debate on Schumer resolution arguing against lifting some sanctions on Russia.
In addition to today's procedural vote on Russia sanctions, some Senate GOPers have gone against WH on chatter about withdrawing from NATO, how WH handled Saudi Arabia after Khashoggi death &amp; plan to withdraw troops from Syria.
Senate vote to start debate on resolution disapproving of lifting sanctions against Russia reflects growing rift among GOPers/WH on foreign policy. Mnuchin tried to convince GOPers to oppose resolution today at lunch. But some still voted to start debate on resolution
Senate goes over the head of McConnell. Votes to start debate on Schumer resolution to disapprove of Treasury Department lifting sanctions against Russia, 57-42. McConnell tried to kill the resolution of disapproval, but was rebuffed on a procedural vote.
Senate votes 57-42 against McConnell’s effort to set aside Schumer resolution of disapproval of Treasury Dept’s decision to diminish sanctions on Russia. Senate now voting to actually start debate on Schumer’s resolution
Hoyer on Dems who snubbed Trump lunch invitation: “My advice to members is that if the President invites you and want to talk, you ought to go down.”
Colleague Blake Burman rpts IRS is recalling 46,000 workers, 60% of workforce, to handle tax refunds without pay.
Jordan to Cummings about Avenatti &amp; Stormy Daniels attending hrng w/Cohen: "I hope you can clarify Mr. Avenatti's and Ms. Clifford's roles in the hearing."
GOP NY Rep Katko on White House meeting and the shutdown:	One thing I took away, they will not capitulate. They want to deal. But they’re not going to walk away		Katko on the President’s demeanor:	Very calm. Very relaxed. He was not acting bombastic at all.
Rep. John Katko (R-NY) who was part or a group of GOPers who met with Trump over lunch today: "If I was Pelosi, I’d use this as a golden opportunity for a big ask.:.The longer this goes on and the less (Pelosi) is willing to engage, the public will swing against her"
Clyburn on Rush’s censure resolution for GOP IA Rep King:	I’ll whip for it		Clyburn on King saying his remarks were misinterpreted:	No. No. I could accept they were misinterpreted if he doesn’t have the record that he has
Clyburn says they won’t move to table or kill the censure resolution to sanction King:	If the resolution comes up, I will move to censure		Clyburn on the sole nay vote from Rep. Bobby Rush (D-IL):	Being unified doesn’t mean being unanimous. That’s why I’m ok with the one no vote
Clyburn on King: “I think expulsion would be fine with me”		Clyburn on King’s quasi mea culpa:	They are known by their deeds. Not their words...What he said sounded good. But what has he been doing
Cornyn/Cruz, TX Hse mbrs &amp; TX Gov Abbott write to Trump, urging him not to use any federal funds already appropriated for Hurricane Harvey recovery to help build the border wall.
Freshman Dems go to McConnell's office to try to meet w/him about shutdown. Are told he's on the flr. FYI: As House Members, they do have access to the Senate chamber &amp; could find McConnell on the flr during the current procedural vote about Russia.
Hse Dem freshman just rallied outside the Capitol in effort to start re-open gov't. Colleague Caroline McKee says they are heading to McConnell's office in the Capitol &amp; went to the appointments desk, asking for a meeting.
Senate votes imminent. First vote will be a motion to table or set aside a Schumer motion to start debate on a resolution to disapprove of sanctions relief for Russia.
Rep Steve King King (R-IA) still faces the possibility of being censured. Reps. Bobby Rush (D-IL) and Tim Ryan (D-OH) have prepared separate resolutions of censure to condemn King.
Hse handled the King resolution of disapproval as a "suspension," meaning it needs 2/3 to pass. With 425 voting, that means it needed a minimum of 284 yeas. It got 424 yeas
The House has voted to “disapprove” of the conduct of Rep. Steve King (R-IA), 424-1. Rep. Bobby Rush (D-IL) voted no. He wants to censure King. King voted yes. King faced the same punishment meted out in '09 to GOP SC Rep Wilson who heckled Obama during a Jt Session of Congress
Hse defets interim spending bill to fund gov’t through Feb 1. The vote was 237 to 187. But required a two-thirds vote for passage. 	With 424 voting, they needed 283 yeas. 6 GOPers voted yea. Hurd Herrera Beutler Stefanik Fitzpatrick SmithNJ Katko
House now voting on interim spending bill to fund gov’t through Feb 1
GOP IA Sen Ernst on King’s future: He is an elected Representative and I trust the good folks in Iowa will make the correct choice
McConnell on shutdown: The solution to the problem is the President of the United States reaches an agreement with the majority in the House..Having show votes in the Senate doesn’t solve it
Barrasso on shutdown: If gov’t was a patient and would be in need of critical care to be in a hospital..Democrats would refuse care
House Dem freshman to March outside to the Senate in effort to re-open gov’t
McConnell: We will not be in recess next week if the gov is still in shutdown
Feinstein on Barr confirmation hearing: "I think it has gone very well. He candidate is answering questions and is doing well. The questions cover a wide range." Feinstein on if she thinks the Senate will confirm Barr easily as AG: "I think so."
GOP IA Rep King says he agrees with the resolution of disapproval. Thanks Clyburn for bringing it up. Says he agrees with the text of the resolution. Says “I will vote for this resolution. It’s true and it’s just.”
From colleague Jason Donner. GOP NC Sen Tillis on if US withdraws from NATO: General Mattis famously said the only thing worse than going to war without allies, with allies, is going to war without allies. It’s very important that we maintain our partnerships.
WH issues veto threat on interim Hse spending bill to re-open parts of gov't through February 1
GOP IA Rep King on floor defending himself against resolution of disapproval. Speaks to his colleagues "I know all of you well. I thought you all knew me well"
In debate on GOP IA Rep, Clyburn says lawmakers must not “give comfort and cover” to white supremacism. GOP GA Rep Collins, an ordained Baptist Minister: I tremble at God’s justice..my Bible tells me we will all give account..Reject white supremacy as both dangerous &amp; foolish
House now debating resolution of disapproval on the conduct of GOP IA Rep Steve King. Intro’d by Clyburn. Similar to resolution Clyburn intro’d in ‘09 when they sanctioned GOP SC Rep Joe Wilson
Mnuchin on CapHill on effort by Senate Democrats to drop disapprove of diminishing the sanctions:	This shouldn’t be a political issue. 	We have been tougher on Russia than any administration 		Mnuchin on if Senate GOPers back Treasury’s position:	That’s for the Republicans decide
Mnuchin meets w/Senate GOPers at Capitol on Treasury trying to diminish some Russian sanctions on oligarchs. Mnuchin accuses Senate Democrats of trying to politicize Russian sanction issue. Mnuchin says “it was helpful” for GOP to hear from him on issue
Audible alarm in the Madison Library of Congress Building. Building being evacuated
Jordan/Meadows ask for info from US Atty John Durham on probe info fmr FBI Consel James Baker. They say "DOJ and FBI departed from traditional investigative and prosecutorial practices, and insufficiently adhered to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA)."
Schumer on Obamacare: The recent court decision in Texas was bizarre and unhelpful
From colleague Guerin Hays. Manchin on gov't shutdown. "Never in my life seen workers used as a pawn..We agree on six bills..McConnell do your job"
Rep. Robert Aderholt (R-AL) on the Democrats interim spending bill to re-open the government through February 1: This bill basically hits the snooze button for a few more weeks.
Hoyer formally cancels scheduled Hse recess for next week amid gov't shutdown. First votes expected next Tuesday night. Last votes expected January 25. This is a sign that House Dems expect the shutdown to run through at least the end of next week.
House now considering interim spending bill to fund gov't on temporary basis through Feb 1
WH's Sanders: Today, the President offered both Democrats and Republicans the chance to meet for lunch at the White House. Unfortunately, no Democrats will attend. The President looks forward to having a working lunch with House Republicans to solve the border crisis
Hse GOPers attending lunch with Trump: BrooksIN, RodneyDavisIL CollinsGA Katko Wenstrup Arrington Taylor GonzalezOH HigginsLA
Durbin to AG nominee Barr: " What would be your breaking point? When would you pick up and leave? When is your Jim Mattis moment?" Barr: "I am not going to be bullied into doing anything I think is wrong by anybody – whether it be editorial boards, or Congress, or the President
Hse GOP Conference Chair Liz Cheney on King: I think he should find another line of work.
From colleague Guerin Hays. McCarthy on if GOP IA Rep King should resign: I think that’s up to Steve King. The voters gave elected him.
McCarthy on Pelosi &amp; Hse Dems passing spending bills to re-open gov't: What she’s doing this week is political theater. It’s going nowhere in the Senate. It’s prolonging the shutdown
Hoyer on the House schedule next week. Is slated to be in recess:	We’ll have some votes next week..we’ll be here next week to do business
Hoyer on what Rep. Steve King (R-IA) is accused of doing compared to what the House did when it censured former Rep. Charlie Rangel (D-NY):	Far exceeds it. Far exceeds it..it is a far more dangerous phenomenon than anything Charlie Rangel did
From colleague Jenny Buchholz. GOP SC Sen Tim Scott on GOP IA Rep Steve King: I doubt he will resign. What happens next is between him and his good Lord and leadership in Congress
Hoyer on Clyburn’s resolution of disapproval of GOP IA Rep King:	I would hope the Clyburn resolution passes unanimously
Hoyer on the GOP kicking GOP IA Rep King off committees:	I think they are very concerned about their party being seen as a ‘Steve King party’
Hoyer on solving the shutdown:	It takes two to tango. In this case it takes 218 and 60 to tango
Hoyer on House recess for next week:	Yes. If the government is not open. We will not have a recess. That does not mean we will be here every day. Members will be on 24 hours notice
Hoyer on Treasury relieving some sanctions on Russia:	After this meeting, I will be calling Secretary Mnuchin..I will be asking Secretary Mnuchin to delay the lifting of sanctions	..I hope we could have an extension to February 28
Hoyer on Democrats and the shutdown:	We are totally united.
Hoyer on President Trump meeting with some Democrats:	Does anyone find it surprising the President is looking for votes where he can find them?
Hoyer on shutdown	In Australia if it’s not funded, the government fallls..The only people who benefit from a shutdown are Russia. China. Non-friends of the United States
AG nominee Barr says it’s “ludicrous" he was seeking attention of Trump on Mueller probe
Dem IL Rep Rush says he won’t vote for resolution of disapproval for GOP IA Rep King: Anything short of censure is shallow..We must proceed with a vote to censure him with the same zeal that the House used when censuring Charlie Rangel.
Dem Caucus Chair Jeffries on shutdown: All we’re simply asking is for Republicans to take their Article I duty to act as a separate and co-equal branch and not like subsidiaries of the Trump Administration.
Dem Caucus Chair Jeffries on shutdown: At it’s core, government is about public money. We need to make sure we are not wasting taxpayer dollars. We want to have a mature discussion about immigration reform.
AG nominee Barr to Graham: I have a very high opinion of Rod Rosenstein
At confirmation hrng, Barr says it is important that Mueller be allowed to finish his work
From colleague Jason Donner. Blumenthal: Leaving NATO would be a blunder of epic enduring proportions it would scuttle and sabotage relationships and alliances that are essential to our national security. The president very simply cannot be permitted to leave NATO.
At Barr confirmation hearing, Graham says he wants to be the “immigration Lindsey,” but warns Dems “the other guy might show up.”
Expect lots of questions at Barr confirmation hrng about executive power, independence of the judiciary &amp; even the Mueller probe
Confirmation hrng for AG nominee William Barr starting soon. Fmr GOP UT Sen Orrin Hatch to introduce Barr. This is 1st hearing for GOP SC Sen Graham as Judiciary Cmte chair
Trump tweet: Why is Nancy Pelosi getting paid when people who are working are not?
From colleague Matt Leach. Sr Administration Official says a group of Dems invited to WH today to lunch w/Trump. No names released yet.
Hse Rules Cmte to meet later today to prep “supplemental” spending bill for flr action. To cover hurricane disaster relief &amp; CA wildfires
No committees for GOP IA Rep Steve King due to his remarks about race https://t.co/TwtoH8ilVi
Senate today expected to consider Dem resolution of disapproval for Trump Admin removing some Russian sanctions tied to oligarchs
House Dems to hold forum on the impacts of the gov’t shutdown today
House expected to vote today on resolution of disapproval to condemn remarks of GOP IA Rep Steve King
Senate confirmation hearing today for Attorney General nominee William Barr
CBC: Thanks to pressure from the CBC and others, Steve King is in a much weaker position to promote his racist agenda. Republicans must now take a hard look in the mirror and firmly decide that they will reject racism in all forms, including standing up to Donald Trump,
Pnetagon: Acting SecDef Pat Shanahan approved DoD assistance to DHS through Sept. 30, 2019. DOD is transitioning its support at the southwestern border from hardening ports of entry 2 mobile surveillance and detection, as well as concertina wire emplacement between ports of entry
Dem IL Rep Bobby Rush on if the GOP has given GOP IA Rep King a pass on past remarks:	They’ve absolutely given him a pass. But never again. His passing days have come to a screeching halt
Dem IL Rep Rush on if he would support the resolution of disapproval by House Majority Whip Jim Clyburn (D-SC) on GOP IA Rep Steve King: 	I haven’t decided if I would support that resolution…my resolution is far stronger and would deliver a real consequence to Steve King
Dem IL Rep Rush disagrees w/Pelosi saying the "degree" to which King should be punished isn't important: 	His remarks have been continually extreme. You don’t deal with extremities with moderation..I absolutely don’t agree with her.
Dem IL Rep Rush on why he determined “censure” was the best course of action for King:	If I thought I could get him expelled, I would. I think there is a slight chance we can censure him
Dem IL Rep Rush on effort to censure GOP IA Rep Steve King: 	I have to rise up. There is something deep down on the inside of me that will not allow while I’m serving serving in this body, another member to look at me and say I am inferior to him.
Dem IL Rep Rush on his push to censure GOP IA Rep King: 	"Anything less would be a slap on the wrist. Steve King’s continual, serial, expression of rabid racism must come to a screeching halt..He doesn’t need to be warned. He needs to be punished"
Dem IL Rep Bobby Rush on why he wants to censure GOP IA Rep Steve King for his remarks: “If I could take him in the alley and show him physically who is superior, I would. But that means I would be brought down to his level.”
McCarthy on GOP IA Rep King: Steve’s remarks are beneath the dignity of the Party of Lincoln and the United States of America. His comments call into question whether he will treat all Americans equally, without regard for race and ethnicity.
GOP IA Rep Steve King on McCarthy stripping him from cmtes: "I told him ‘You have to do what you have to do and I will do what I have to do.’ I will continue to point out the truth &amp; work with all the vigor that I have to represent 4th District Iowans for at least the next 2 yrs"
GOP IA Rep Steve King: Leader McCarthy’s decision to remove me from committees is a political decision that ignores the truth..One of my quotes in a New York Times story has been completely mischaracterized.
McCarthy on if Republicans will vote for the resolutions to condemn King on the floor:	I haven’t ready any of those. I’d have to look at those first		McCarthy:	I don’t know that any Republican would stand with the language that Steve King used
McCarthy on kicking GOP IA Rep King off committees:	It sends clear across the country how the Republican party believes men and women are created equal		McCarthy: 	We made a decision tonight that Steve King will not be serving on committees in this Congress
McCarthy &amp; GOPers strip GOP IA Rep  King of committee assignments. "We will not tolerate this type of language in the Republican party..or in the Democratic party as well..I watched what Steve King said and we took action"
Pelosi on the remarks of Rep. Steve King (R-IA) and possible discpline which awaits him: 		Pelosi:	One way or another Mr King’s words will not go uncondemned		Pelosi on a resolution of disapproval not being a formal House mode of punishment:	I don’t think the degree of it matters
Hoyer says House will consider one of two resolutions to condemn GOP IA Rep King for his remarks. Either 	a resolution of disapproval or censure.
Rep. Karen Bass (D-CA), the new chairwoman of the Congressional Black Caucus on GOP IA Rep King:	“I think the Republicans need to expel him from the caucus and remove him from committees...	The Republicans need to deal with her own member”
McCarthy says he’s “requested the steering cmte” (which deals w/cmte assignments) to meet later tonght on GOP IA Rep King and he will speak to the press afterwards
Among the witnesses at Barr's AG confirmation hearing tomorrow, fmr AG Michael Mukasey
In September, 2009, Clyburn led the effort on a similar “resolution of disapproval” against Rep. Joe Wilson (D-SC). Wilson hectored President Obama, shouting “you lie!” as the President spoke to a Joint Session of Congress on health care.
Clyburn's resolution to "disapprove" of King is NOT one of the three formal methods of sanction in the House: reprimand, censure and expulsion.
Fox has Clyburn will introduce a “resolution of disapproval” in regards to racist comments made by GOP IA Rep King The plan is to vote on the resolution tomorrow to “disapprove” of King’s remarks. The resolution will be a “suspension,” meaning it needs a 2/3 vote for adoption.
House Dems to hold hearing on Jan. 15 on impacts of gov’t shutdown
Colleague Jason Donner rpts GOP UT Sen Romney calls on GOP IA Rep King to resign over racist comments
Pelosi on Trump's speech to farmers: They are struggling because of plummeting prices, a tough farm economy and the damage of the Administration’s trade brinkmanship, but President Trump refuses to re-open the Department of Agriculture.
Pelosi: Instead of wasting farmers’ time with empty words, the President should restore certainty to their lives by signing the bipartisan legislation that House Democrats just passed to re-open the Department of Agriculture.
From colleague Jason Donner. Graham says Trump should try one more time to get a deal &amp; re-open gov't w/short-term spending bills. If negotiations fail, then declare a national emergency.
Hse Dem bills to re-open gov't are effort to put pressure on McConnell to help end shutdown. McConnell is known for a good “inside game” and having a way of finding pathways out of political and legislative labyrinths. But McConnell has been on sidelines so far
Hse Ds are pushing 2 separate stopgap bills to fund the government and end the shutdown. One would run all parts of the government at exisiting levels through February 1. The other would fund the government through February 28. The House expects to debate those bills this week.
Government shutdown has ground the Senate to a halt. Senate Democrats aren’t permitting any bills to come up for debate, blocking them via filibuster.
Longtime Washington hands are confounded at this gov't shutdown. Have never seen a crisis where there weren't negotiations offstage. Back channel talks. Late nights. Weekend sessions.
On gov't shutdown. In his inauguration speech, JFK said “let us never negotiate out of fear. But let us never fear to negotiate.” The only way they can reach a compromise is with negotiation. And there aren’t even negotiations now to end gov't shutdown
It now appears that both sides are going for, what was described to Fox, as an “absolute victory” for their respective positions on the gov't shutdown.
There are no talks. No discussions. No anything scheduled as an effort to solve the government shutdown.  One senior House Republican lawmaker told Fox this morning that this would get “worse before it gets better.”
Schumer: How long will it take Ldr McConnell to realize…Congress needs to move forward without the president..it’s time for leader McConnell to realize he has the power to break this impasse
Senate now taking its 3rd vote just to try to START debate on a bill to assist Israel &amp; sanction Syria. This is a procedural vote which has FAILED TWICE before. It needs 60 yeas. Senate is jammed up, unable to get clearance to do anything due to gov't shutdown.
Mtg between GOP IA Rep King &amp; McCarthy over. No comments from King
Clyburn on why GOPers are more exercised about GOP IA Rep King this time compared to other times he’s said things: Everything has a tipping point. Maybe he found his
Clyburn on how the Hse should discipline GOP IA Rep King: What forms that takes, we can debate that::we'll be made to repent in this generation not just for the bad.. the words and deeds of bad people but for the silence of good people
McConnell: Rep. King's statements are unwelcome and unworthy of his elected position. If he doesn't understand why 'white supremacy' is offensive, he should find another line of work.
McConnell on GOP IA Rep King: There is no place in the Republican Party, the Congress or the country for an ideology of racial supremacy of any kind. I have no tolerance for such positions and those who espouse these views are not supporters of American ideals and freedoms.
Former GOP UT Sen Orrin Hatch to intro AG Nominee William Barr at his confirmation hearing tomorrow
Clyburn says House “should express its disapproval” of GOP IA Rep King	Clyburn: “This is white nationalism...evil concepts”
From colleague Guerin Hays. Clyburn said he had not spoken with Pelosi about what to do about GOP IA Rep King. When asked if he would censure, King Clyburn said he wouldn’t go that far.
From colleague Kevin Kirby. GOP IA Rep Steve King: "I have no statement to make. I’ve said all I’m going to say today.”
Dems want to sanction GOP IA Rep King for racist remarks.  https://t.co/FI1ZhRoifX
McConnell: So here we are. Day 24. Because the Spkr of the Hse has decided that enforcing our own laws is now ‘immoral'..she’s decided it’s better to prolong this..shutdown than invest more than $1 in something that both parties agreed was a good idea until about 5 minutes ago
Dem OH Rep Tim Ryan introduces resolution to censure GOP IA Rep Steve King: It doesn’t matter if you’re a Democrat or Republican, we all have a responsibility to call out Rep. King’s hateful and racist comments..It’s far past time that Congress holds him accountable.
On McCarthy mtg w/GOP IA Rep Steve King..McCarthy heaped criticism on Pelosi recently. He said Pelosi didn't show ldrshp in calling out profane remarks of Dem MI Rep Tlaib directed at Trump. Many watching to see how McCarthy handles King
On Steve King issue, GOP SC Sen Scott excoriated his party for silence when it comes to comments on race. Moreover, look at makeup of freshman class. Dem side is diverse. GOP side is not. GOP aware of optics problem &amp; need to address issues of race to court minority voters
Lots of pressure now on McCarthy over how he handles GOP IA Rep King. Some argue McCarthy &amp; other GOP ldrs should have spoken out about King before.
UnlikelyHse would move to sanction GOP IA Rep King in any form without going through the proper Ethics Committee channels.
Dem IL Rep Rush intros resolution to censure GOP IA Rep King. “Censure” is 1 of 3 formal modes of Hse punishment. Between reprimand &amp; expulsion. Hse has only censured 23 mbrs. Last was fmr Dem NY Rep Rangel in '10. Fmr Dem CA Rep Richardson was last to be reprimanded in '12
House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-CA) is slated to meet today with Rep. Steve King (R-IA) about his racist remarks and comments supporting white nationalists.
Homeland Security Cmte Chair Thompson: Delays at airports across the country today because of TSA staffing issue..Not only will continuing the shutdown increase airport delays..it could have a negative impact on aviation security if a resolution does not come quickly.
McCarthy to meet later today w/GOP IA Rep Steve King about his recent remarks.
Dem IL Rep Bobby Rush introduces resolution to censure GOP IA Rep Steve King over his remarks: My resolution..sends a clear message to the American people — this Congress will not turn a blind eye to his repugnant and racist behavior.  Anything short of censure would be shallow.
Dem FL Rep Alcee Hastings undergoing treatment for pancreatic cancer: Ihave been convinced that this is a battle worth fighting..Should it become clear that this cancer which has invaded my body cannot be defeated, I will tell you so
Written testimony of AG nominee Barr to Senate: I will follow the Special Counsel regulations scrupulously and in good faith, and on my watch, Bob will be allowed to complete his work.
AG nominee Barr written testimony to Senate: I also believe it is very important that the public and Congress be informed of the results of the Special Counsel’s work.  For that reason, my goal will be to provide as much transparency as I can consistent with the law.
Trump: I'm not looking to call a nat'l emergency but this is too simple. We should get on with our lives. The Democrats are stopping us and stopping a lot of great people from getting paid
Trump on Graham’s plan to re-open gov’t: I did reject it. I want to get it solved
Trump: The Democrats have to do something. We need their votes otherwise we cant solve it without their votes. They now control the House. Let's see if they can lead. I don't know that they can lead, but we're going to soon find out.
Trump: I've been here all weekend. A lot of the Democrats were in Puerto Rico celebrating something.9:50:36  I don't know, maybe they're celebrating the shutdown. We have a very big crisis, a humanitarian crisis on the border. Everybody knows it.
The only thing which will end the government shutdown is compromise https://t.co/0n1rvmxeHV
What’s in a name? You can tell a lot when it comes to the titles of Congressional committees https://t.co/9SM2VJF8Xm
Trump tweet: Nancy and Cryin’ Chuck can end the Shutdown in 15 minutes. At this point it has become their, and the Democrats, fault!
Senate slated to take another procedural vote today in effort to begin debate on bill to assist Israel &amp; sanction Syria. Needs 60 yeas. Previous votes have failed twice
Hse/Senate slated to be in session today. But no movement expected on gov’t shutdown
Trump tweet: I’ve been waiting all weekend. Democrats must get to work now. Border must be secured!
Office of Personnel Management (OPM) closes the federal government (which is operating) for Monday due to the DC snowstorm
Schiff/Nadler/Cummings: The President should make no statement or take any action to obstruct Congress’ independent oversight and investigative efforts, including by seeking to discourage any witness from testifying in response to a duly authorized request from Congress.
Schiff/Nadler/Cummings: The integrity of our process to serve as (a)..check on the Exec Branch must be respected by everyone, including the President.  Our nation’s laws prohibit efforts to discourage, intimidate, or otherwise pressure a witness not 2 provide testimony 2 Congress
GOPers taking issue w/some Dems being in Puerto Rico on beach &amp; for mtgs as gov’t is shut down. Dems note they are there for mtgs on Puerto Rico after hurricane, et al. But there is criticism of what questionable optics
WH’s Sanders tweet: Democrats in Congress are so alarmed about federal workers not getting paid they’re partying on the beach instead of negotiating a compromise to reopen the government and secure the border
House this week expected to move additional appropriations bills to put pressure on Senate &amp; Congressional GOPers to end shutdown. But nothing is moving in Senate. Only two handfuls of House GOPers have joined Dems in voting for other spending bills last wk to re-open gov’t
Trump tweet: Democrats are saying that DACA is not worth it and don’t want to include in talks. Many Hispanics will be coming over to the Republican side, watch!
Trump tweet: I’m in the White House, waiting. The Democrats are everywhere but Washington as people await their pay. They are having fun and not even talking!
Coons on Fox: I agree with the advice that Lindsey Graham just gave to the President which is that he should reopen the government and we should spend several weeks negotiating over what we can all agree on. I personally don’t think that a border wall is in of itself immoral
Judiciary Cmte Chair Graham on Fox: I hope Justice Ginsburg serves for a long time. But if there’s an opening on this court, I’m going to be hell bent to put a conservative to replace whoever steps down for whatever reason.
Graham on Fox on Barr AG confirmation hrng: I’m going to ask him ‘Do you see any reason to fire Mr. Mueller based on what you know now for cause?’ ‘Do you trust Mr. Mueller to be fair to the President and the country?’ ‘Will you make sure he can finish his job?’
Graham on Fox on if Trump should declare a nat’l emergency: To my Republican colleagues, stand behind the President if this is his last option. He ran on this as a center piece..of his presidency – and it is a crisis. And if you don’t see the crisis, you’re not looking very hard
Graham on Fox: I think the legislative path is just about shut off because Nancy Pelosi..said ‘Even if you open up the government, I’ll give you one dollar for the wall.’ As long as that’s the case, we’re never gonna get a legislative package, no matter what the Senate does.
Graham on Fox on Trump: I would urge him to open up the gov’t for a short period of time, like three weeks, before he pulls the plug. See if we can get a deal. If we can’t at the end of three weeks, all bets are off. See if he can do it by himself through the emergency powers
Graham on Fox: Every Democrat that I’ve worked with for about 10 years now has agreed to funding for barriers/walls on Obama’s watch, on Bush’s watch and all of a sudden it’s a bad thing on Trump’s watch...What’s he supposed do? Just give in? He’s not going to give in
Schumer to force vote on a resolution to disapprove of the U.S. Treasury Department’s decision in December to relax sanctions for three Russian companies connected to Russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska
Trump on Fox on Biden: “He’s weak.”
Manchin: It’s time for Congress to stop cowering to the executive branch and stop taking West Virginia livelihoods hostage. This government shutdown is a manufactured political stunt that is hurting West Virginia, our economy and our national discourse.
Trump on Fox: I have the right to call a national emergencies. Many have called for things of lesser importance than this. I'd rather see the Democrats come back from their vacation..if they don't come to their senses I'll do a national emergency.
Manchin: Now that the President has taken the national emergency declaration off of the table, it’s time for Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to bring up the House passed appropriations bills that would finally reopen government.
Schiff: I can say that counterintelligence concerns about those associated w/the Trump campaign, including the President himself, have been at the heart of our &amp; the President’s own statements and actions, have only heightened our need to follow the evidence wherever it may lead
Congressional Black Caucus on GOP ldrs &amp; GOP IA Rep King: They must actually condemn Mr. King by removing him from his committee assignments so that he can no longer affect policies that impact the very people he has made it clear he disdains.
Trump tweet: We have a massive Humanitarian Crisis at our Southern Border. We will be out for a long time unless the Democrats come back from their “vacations” and get back to work. I am in the White House ready to sign!
Trump tweet: I do have a plan on the Shutdown. But to understand that plan you would have to understand the fact that I won the election, &amp; I promised safety and security for the American people. Part of that promise was a Wall at the Southern Border. Elections have consequences!
Trump tweet: Democrats could solve the Shutdown in 15 minutes! Call your Dem Senator or Congresswoman/man. Tell them to get it done! Humanitarian Crisis.
Trump tweet: Democrats should come back to Washington and work to end the Shutdown, while at the same time ending the horrible humanitarian crisis at our Southern Border. I am in the White House waiting for you!
Government shutdown is now officially the longest in history. 22 days. Eclipses the mark set in '95-'96
Up against the wall. No end to the government shutdown https://t.co/IDAchHdcnk
The government shutdown is about to enter day 22 https://t.co/C1bA6pTf0Z
Pelosi to Hse Dems: Trump is threatening to grant himself extraordinary powers to steal billions of dollars from disaster-impacted communities..Leadership and our Committees are working together to develop legal, policy, and communications responses should they be needed.
A look at the latest on the government shutdown https://t.co/e7pRG19FcP
Pelosi alongside other lawmakers enrolls bill to ensure that federal lawmakers get paid once shutdown ends. Passed by Senate yesterday. House synced up today. Now goes to Trump to sign https://t.co/0wVpyYyI5A
Jordan to Cummings: In contrast with your statement expressing, 'no interest in inappropriately interfering with any ongoing criminal investigations,' one of your first moves as Chairman was to announce a hearing to bring in Michael Cohen
GOP IA Rep Steve King  said he made a “freshman mistake" when speaking about white supremacism &amp; nationalism. King: I want to make one thing abundantly clear. I reject those labels and the evil ideology that they define..I condemn anyone that supports this evil &amp; bigoted ideology
Pelosi on if GOP IA Rep Steve King is fit to serve: "We'll be acting on that..he said terrible things. Terrible things have been said by this administration as well."
Pelosi says the House has taken "many paths alleviating and opening the government" by passing various spending bills. On Trump, says "I'm the mother of five, grandmother of nine. I know a temper tantrum when I see one. Its unfortunate and services are being withheld."
Graham: I look forward to meeting with President Erdogan in the near future to discuss common interests and security concerns regarding northeastern Syria.  		“
GOP TX Sen Cornyn indicates he opposes efforts to reprogram/transfer money money designated to help recover from Hurricane Harvey to help build a border wall
Hse Intel Cmte Chair Schiff to Trump Admin: Should President Trump declare any type of national emergency prior to that date (January 16), I expect a briefing immediately upon such declaration.
In letter to admin, Hse Intel Cmte Chair Schiff requests assessment by intelligence community on threats to national security posed by legal or illegal migrants on the southern border by January 16.
Hse Intel Cmte Chair Schiff letter to admin on wall proposal: I have not seen recent or updated information from the..Intelligence Community (IC) to substantiate the Admin’s dire proclamations about the magnitude..of this claimed crisis – particularly with respect to terrorism
Murkowski says if Trump declares a national emergency for border wall, the next president may try to do something on climate change and say 'I don't care if I have the support of Congress. I'm going to direct these funds to address..&amp; I don't care whether Congress supports me'
From colleague Ben Florance. Murkowski on declaring a nat'l emergency for wall: I disagree..he may have the legal authority to do that..The real concern that I have is the precedent that this then sets
Graham: They hate President Trump more than they want to fix problems — even problems they acknowledged to be real and serious in the past.  Democrats will do everything in their power to defeat Trump in 2020. Mr. President, declare a national emergency now.  Build a wall now.
Graham: I just met with President Trump and his team. It’s clear to both of us that Democrats don’t want to make a deal and will never support border wall/barriers on President Trump’s watch, even though they did so in the past.
Senate is out. House done with business. Longest government shutdown set in stone
Dem MD Sen Van Hollen on suggestions made to gov't employees to make ends make during the shutdown: "'Have a garage sale. Clean out attic's and basement. Clean out unwanted items'..I want to see the president of the united states hold a garage sale."
Dem MD Sen Van Hollen on the shutdown: When the president says it's pretty clear he can relate to what's happening, it's pretty clear he can't
Hoyer to Scalise during the flr colloquy on the 2013 government shutdown over Obamacare: When we voted to open it up, the Minority Whip didn’t vote to open it up. Maybe he doesn’t care about paying people
Hoyer to Scalise during the colloquy on the flr on the shutdown: 	If the Minority Whip think it’s good border security to not pay those protecting the border is good policy, we differ
GOP OK Rep Tom Cole on the new House Democratic majority:	This is so much like our majority that showed up in 2011 and they had been elected to the House of Commons
Sr Hse Apps Cmte mbr Tom Cole of OK on if the administration dips into the Military Construction fund to pay for the wall. He is skeptical, as an appropriator:	I want to see their justification
Rep. Tom Cole (R-OK). Cole on if the President should declare an emergency to get the wall:	I would prefer he not. But I don’t hold him responsible for being in this situation		Cole says the President isn’t to blame:	I know who’s willing to negotiate and who’s willing to not
10 GOPers voted to re-open Dept of Inteior: Reps. Rodney Davis (R-IL), Brian Fitzpatrick (R-PA), Jaime Herrera Beutler (R-WA), Will Hurd (R-TX), John Katko (R-NY), Adam Kinzinger (R-IL), Chris Smith (R-NJ), Elise Sefanik (R-NY), Fred Upton (R-MI) and Greg Walden (R-OR).
The weekly colloquy on the House floor is under way between House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer (D-MD) and House Minority Whip Steve Scalise (R-LA). Pretty good debate back and forth right now about the shutdown. This is Scalise’s first time doing this in his new position
The House has approved Interior appropriations bill in effort to re-open that section of government.	 The vote was 240 to 179	 All Dems voted yea	 	10 GOPers voted nay.	 	12 GOPers voted yes yesterday on the Transportation/Housing spending bill. That’s the high-water mark so far
House now voting on Interior appropriations bill in effort to re-open that section of government.
Trump tweet: Humanitarian Crisis at our Southern Border. I just got back and it is a far worse situation than almost anyone would understand, an invasion! I have been there numerous times - The Democrats, Cryin’ Chuck and Nancy don’t know how bad and dangerous it is...
Pelosi on the possibility of a national emergency to build a wall:	“There are thoughts and they are thoughts of Constitutional scholars.” Says they want to find the best way to secure our borders.
GOP SC Sen Graham was in the game to try to get a deal for the border wall..until he was dealt out https://t.co/TMnUTMlVFZ
Rep. Jared Huffman (D-CA) during flr debate on Interior Appropriations bill: 	We may now have enough trash building up in our National Parks to build a wall		Huffman:	This government does not belong to Donald Trump. It belongs to the American people
House now debating Interior Appropriations bill to re-open that section of the government. Is the fourth of seven outstanding spending bills		Appropriations Subcommittee Chairwoman Betty McCollum (D-MN) calls on all National Parks to be closed until the shutdown is resolved.
Senate in session today but no action expected on gov’t shutdown as we hit day 21, tying the record for the longest shutdown
House in session today. Debate &amp; vote on the Interior appropriations bill as Democrats try to re-open individual sections of the gov’t. Have not courted more than 12 GOPers on other bills to do so though
No movement in gov’t shutdown talks. Lawmakers on both sides have reservations about a “national emergency” to build a border wall https://t.co/G5dJ9oqZEp
Non-voting Puerto Rican "Resident Commissioner" to Congress Jenniffer Gonzalez Colon (R-PR) says idea of taking disaster aid targeted for Puerto Rico to build the wall is “unacceptable" and adds "I will not support the reallocation of funds.”
From colleague Jason Donner. Graham on Trump declaring national emergency for the wall: I always said it would be the last resort. We’re there there's no pathway forward that I can see.
Schiff: During today’s bfn w/..Mnuchin, I pressed the secretary on deep concerns I have about the potential for Russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska..to exercise continuing influence and control over the sanctioned companies. His testimony..did not resolve those concerns.
From colleague Mike Emanuel: Illinois Republican Congressman and Air National Guardsman Adam Kinzinger will be heading for his reserve duty at the southern border in the coming weeks
Fox confirms WH directs Army Corps of Engineers to see if it can divert money to border wall from disaster funding bill to cover wildfires in California, hurricanes in Texas, Florida and Puerto Rico
Jordan on Cohen hrng: The Democrats' star witness has admitted to providing intentionally false and misleading testimony to Congress. He is also a witness in ongoing law-enforcement matters, including Special Counsel Mueller's probe.
Top GOPer on Hse Oversight Cmte Jordan: Cummings promised to pursue rigorous, responsible, fact-based oversight. However, the Chairman's announcement today suggests he will be using the committee as a venue for political theater rather than legitimate oversight.
From colleague Caroline McKee. Cummings downplaying the Cohen hearing: "The press did not pay a lot of attention to the other things that we’ll be looking at. Our first hearing will be in regard to HR1. And we’ll also have a major hearing regarding lowering prescription drugs"
Cummings on Cohen hearing:  We're going to make sure that we do absolutely nothing to interfere with the Mueller Investigation. That is very very important to us.
Grassley on if Trump declares a nat'l emergency: I would advise against that as a bad precedent even if the president's got the authority to do it. I’d advise against it and I’d think that each side ought to be laying something on the table to negotiate.
USCP The USCP is responding to demonstration activity outside of room SR-317. All other personnel are directed to avoid the area until further notice. (this is McConnell’s office)
Rubio: The problem with that is here in the senate is that Schumer and Pelosi think they’re winning and the President thinks he’s winning. They’ve both boxed themselves into an impossible situation but they’re the only ones ultimately who can solve
From colleague Caroline McKee. Manchin on if Trump declared a national emergency for the wall: "If he did it tonight everybody’d be right here to vote..Anybody whose leaving would come back immediately.”
Senate ok's bill to provide back pay to furloughed federal workers once shutdown is over
Top Dem on Senate Intel Cmte Warner: We would like to see Michael Cohen come back to the Senate Intelligence Committee. He didn’t tell the truth to our committee and it landed him in legal jeopardy. We’ve been in conversations with his lawyers about bringing him back
GOP SC Sen Graham: I’ve never been more depressed about moving forward than I have right now. I just don’t see a pathway forward.
Intel Cmte Chair Burr on Cohen: Cohen has had in his possession for months a request to return to the Senate Intelligence Committee for additional closed-door testimony, made all the more necessary by Mr. Cohen's indictment and guilty plea for making false statements
Oversight Cmte mbr Dem MO Rep Clay on if there is a risk of Dems overplaying hand w/Cohen: I'm sure that there's always a risk. We saw it with the Kavanaugh hearings. There's a risk of over playing your hand..I don't think the Oversight Cmte intends on overplaying their hand
Dem MO Rep Clay on Cohen testimony: Over the last two years, we've had very little oversight over this administration. This is probably just a crack in the window that starts the process of real oversight.
Mbr of Hse Oversight Cmte MO Dem Clay says he believes Cohen is credible. "We will determine it somewhat in the hearing, but we will… I think as far as credibility is concerned, I think both men I knew exactly what they were doing and both of them have a story to tell."
Colleague Mike Emanuel rpts Trump killed effort by GOP SC Sen Graham to try to engineer a "grand bargain" on the wall &amp; also secure immigration provisions. Graham: "It is time for President Trump to use emergency powers to fund the construction of a border wall/barrier."
From colleague John Roberts. Trump atty Giuliani says he can't imagine why Hse Dems would want to hear testimony from Cohen before Congress, as he is, "a thoroughly discredited liar."
Ten GOP defections on bill to fund agriculture pgms: Reps. Will Hurd (R-TX), Elise Stefanik (R-NY), Fred Upton (R-MI), Greg Walden (R-OR), Jaimie Herrer Beutler (R-WA), Rodney Davis (R-IL), Adam Kinzinger (R-IL), John Katko (R-NY) Brian Fitzpatrick (R-PA) and Chris Smith (R-NJ)
12 GOPers defect &amp; side w/Dems on bill to fund Transportation/Housing pgmrs: RodneyDavisIL 	Fitzpatrick 	Herrera Beutler	Hurd 	Katko	KingNY	Kinzinger	Smith 	Stefanik 	Stivers 	Upton 	Walden
The House has now approved three of the seven individual appropriations bills in an effort to re-open government: Financial Services, Transportation/Housing and Agriculture
The House of Representatives has approved the Agriculture Appropriations bill in an effort to re-open that section of government.		The vote was 243-183 	 	All Democrats voted yea.	 	10 Republicans joined Democrats and voted yea.
Oversight Cmte mbr Wm Lacy Clay of MO on Cohen hrng. Says hearing will help determine if Cohen is credible. Says the hearing marks a “crack in the window” as Democrats start to do proper oversight of Trump Administration
The House is now voting on the Agriculture appropriations bill. This is an effort to fund that section of the government which is closed.
The House has approved the Transportation and Housing Appropriations bills. This is an effort to fund that section of the government which is closed.	The vote was 244-188	 	All Democrats voted yea	 	12 GOPers voted yea.
Hse now voting on bill to fund transportation/housing pgms
Mnuchin now on CapHill to deliver classified briefing about his recent decision to lift sanctions on companies linked to a Russian oligarch &amp; ally of Putin
Colleague Pat Ward rpts Dem CA Rep Eric Swalwell to New Hampshire on 1/31 for a meet-and-greet with Rockingham County Democratic Committee
Trump says Pelosi and Schumer “know they’re losing this argument” on the border wall
Trump on if they don’t build a wall: You’ll have crime in Iowa. You’ll have crime in New Hampshire. You’ll have crime in New York
Trump: We can declare a national emergency. We shouldn’t have to
Hearing with Michael Cohen on Feb 7 likely to be biggest investigative hearing since fmr AG Sessions before Senate panel in June ‘17. Question is does it live up to hype
Schiff: Mr. Cohen has expressed an interest in telling his personal story in open session..it will be necessary, however, for Mr. Cohen to answer questions pertaining to the Russia investigation, and we hope to schedule a closed session before our committee in the near future.
Michael Cohen on appearing before Hse Cmte on Feb 7: I look forward to having the privilege of being afforded a platform with which to give a full and credible account of the events which have transpired.”
Michael Cohen: In furtherance of my commitment to cooperate and provide the American people with answers, I have accepted the invitation by Chairman Elijah Cummings to appear publicly on February 7th before the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform.
Hse Oversight Cmte hrng w/Trump personal atty Michael Cohen scheduled for Thursday February 7
Cummings: I thank Michael Cohen for agreeing to testify before the Oversight Cmte voluntarily..we have no interest in inappropriately interfering with any ongoing criminal investigations, and to that end, we are in the process of consulting with Special Counsel Mueller’s office.
From colleague Caroline McKee. Sen Mike Rounds (R-SD) says shutdown is a “binary issue” between Pelosi &amp; Trump
Colleague Jason Donner rpts AG Nominee William Barr now mtg w/McConnell
Senate fails for a 2nd time on procedural vote to start debate on bill to assist Israel and sanction Syria. The vote was 53-43. But it needed 60 yeas. McConnell contends Democrats are blocking all action in the Senate because of the shutdown
Dem DE Sen Coons on shutdown: I think we should find a way to agree on modern border security technology that doesn’t necessarily us building a vanity project concrete wall in the desert.
Pence:	Nothing is going to move until we get an agreement on Homeland Security and border security 		Pence:	More and more Americans are going to demand that Democrats in Congress step up and negotiate
Pence on the supposition that he told Senate Republicans the President would sign the Senate’s stopgap spending bill before Christmas:	That’s not accurate
Pence on Wed WH Mtg: 	I didn’t blame the President for a second for ending the meeting		Pence on Pelosi’s interpretation of the meeting:	She doesn’t recall it the way I recall it		Pence on when the President runs out of patience:	We’ll see
Pence when asked if the White House has misjudged House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) at the meeting. Sidesteps question:	It was a cordial environment..they got out the tired talking point you need to re-open the government before we can negotiate
Pence on ending shutdown: 	The President said it would take 45 minutes. I don’t know it would take that long
Pence on CapHill on border wall: 	This is not a manufactured crisis people		Pence:	No wall, no deal		Pence on economic impact of shutdown:	This economy is roaring right now. Unemployment is at a 20 year low or a 30 year low
Pence on CapHill on border wall: 		Pence:	The President has made no decision with declaring a national emergency		Pence:	The President is going to get this done one way or another		Pence on if they declare a national emergency:	If it came to that, we would defend that
Pence on CapHill: 	I had a conversation after the meeting with Speaker and the Leader after the meeting yesterday. I said to them “Make us an offer”		Pence on a national emergency:	The President believes he has an absolute right to declare a national emergency
Pence on CapHill: 	This is a President absolutely determined to address this crisis		Pence:	It’s time for the Democrats to start negotiating 		Pence:	The President has asked us to look for an agreement..it’s time for the Democrat leadership to step up and come back to the table
Pence on the administration proposing a steel barrier on the border:	One of the Democratic leaders in the room thought that was a productive pathway		Pence:	The President is looking to build a wall. But he’s looking to do so much more than that
Pence on CapHill:	From the first day of this partial government shutdown, we’ve been working in good faith		Pence:	From the first day of this partial government shutdown, Democrats have refused to negotiate
Pence at CapHill: 	We do have a humanitarian crisis at our southern border...we’ve seen a dramatic increase in families and unaccompanied minors		Pence:	The President has brought great urgency to this		Pence:	We think human trafficking generates $2.5 billion on an annual basis
Senate now on procedural vote to start debate on bill to assist Israel and sanction Syria
House now debating bill to fund Transportation and Housing programs
From colleague Bree Tracey. Senate Apps Cmte Chair Shelby: The Democrats are going to have to not be against everything. They are going to have to be for something.
Trump cancels trip to Davos amid gov’t shutdown
Graham trying to craft a deal on opening gov’t &amp; possible immigration/DACA arrangement. But Hse conservatives/Freedom Caucus likely won’t like it. Could be a problem for ldrs like McCarthy/Scalise
Ind VT Sen Sanders: It appears that as part of our campaign, there were some women who were harassed..I  thank them from the bottom of my heart for speaking out..what they experienced was absolutely unacceptable &amp; not what a progressive campaign or any campaign should be about
From colleague Jason Donner. GOP TN Sen Alexander: There should never be a government shutdown. It should be off limits in our discussion. I recommended that that we find provisions for border security and that we voted for before and enact them and reopen the government.
House now debating bill to fund the Department of Agriculture and re-open that section of government
Durbin on shutdown: Lindsey (Graham) is drumming up some way to get us out of this mess and I welcome his efforts.
From colleagur Bree Tracey. Durbin on if Trump declares a nat’l emergency for wall: If any president..this one or any president decides to just move unilaterally to spend funds as part of a national emergency, it goes way beyond the delegation of authority of the Constitution
Schumer on the shutdown: Speaker Pelosi and I have gone over to the White House whenever we’ve been asked. But the president is simply not budging.
Schumer on shutdown: The Congress, the Senate in particular, can no longer wait for this president to see the light of Reason. We gave it a good faith effort. Staffers worked over the weekend.
Graham as he walked into McConnell’s office on if Democrats would be game to trade immigration for a wall:	Let’s see where the marker is
GOP SC Sen Lindsey Graham on his efforts to thaw the shutdown talks: “Pelosi has dealt herself out. She is a non-player.”		Graham says “the best way to have a good outcome” is for the Appropriations Cmte hold a hearing on the President’s request for a wall and then have a markup.
Pelosi says "as a Californian, how shocking" it was to hear Trump say he was going to withhold wildfire assistance from California. "I would urge my Republican colleagues to stop looking the other way..and they are just cavalier about it"
Pelosi on if Trump declares a national emergency to get the border wall: I think he's going to have to answer to his own party on usurping that much power
Pelosi on if Trump declares a national emergency to get the border wall: The President will have problems on his own side of the aisle
Pelosi accuses WH of moving the goalposts "out of the stadium."
Pelosi on WH mtg &amp; Trump: I think he thought we would all stay there when he got up. He got up. We got up
Pelosi on if she could consider DACA as part of a deal for a wall: We haven't had that discussion.
Pelosi: I don't even know if the President wants the wall. I think he just wants a debate on the wall.
Pelosi on Trump &amp; shutdown: I don’t think he really wants a solution. I think he loves the distraction that this is from his other problems and that’s most unfortunate. It’s a luxury this country can’t afford under any circumstance.
Pelosi on Trump: He knows I will not support a border wall. He knows that in 30 days I will not support a wall.
Pelosi: The president doesn’t believe in governance. He doesn’t appreciate the role of public policy in the lives of the American people.
Pelosi on Dem efforts to try to open gov't: This has all been held up by the presidents petulance..This has been stalled by the presidents obstinance
McConnell to Cardin on effort to pass combo bill to re-open most of gov't: This will not produce a result. It's been perfectly clear that the only way to produce this result is for the president, the Speaker of the House and the Minority Leader to agree
Pence now at the Capitol, talking to GOP mbrs about shutdown &amp; wall.
Colleague Peter Doocy rpts Kushner reached out to Dem WV Sen Manchin to discuss immigration. Talks going on behind the scenes in effort to trade DACA for wall.
McConnell objects, blocking Cardin in effort to pass Hse spending bill to re-open parts of gov’t. McConnell calls it a “show vote.”		Cardin sharply tells McConnell “I can tell the Majority Leader this is not a show vote.”
Sen. Ben Cardin (D-MD) asks unanimous consent on flr they pass one of the spending bills to end the shutdown.  		McConnell intercedes. Says “the last thing we need to do is trade pointless, absolutely pointless show votes back and forth across the aisle.”
Schumer is now on floor. Trying to get Senate to start considering House passed spending bills to end shutdown. Is expected to be blocked. Schumer describes the President as “intransigent.” He also whipsaws McConnell for not helping to end the shutdown.
The House today will debate and vote on the next round of individual spending bills to re-open the government. Up today: Agriculture and Transportation/Housing appropriations.
Expect informal Senate talks to end the shutdown to continue, lead by Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC). He is trying to get a trade on border security/wall for immigration/DACA.
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) will hold her first formal press conference as Speaker at 10:45 am et.
At 10:30 am et, Senate Democrats will try to get clearance on the floor to consider House-approved spending bills to re-open parts of government. 		Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) wants all Democrats on the floor for this. Republicans are expected to block Democrats.
Trump tweet: Cryin Chuck told his favorite lie when he used his standard sound bite that I “slammed the table &amp; walked out of the room. He had a temper tantrum.”..after Nancy said no to proper Border Security, I politely said bye-bye and left, no slamming!
Trump tweet: There is GREAT unity with the Republicans in the House and Senate, despite the Fake News Media working in overdrive to make the story look otherwise...
Treasury Sec Mnuchin to CapHill today to brief Hse mbrs about decision to ease sanctions on companies linked to Oleg Deripaska
There are a lot of new freshman House Democrats besides Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Rashida Tlaib. And many are more moderate https://t.co/f6TsnlaE8m
Hse to continue w/efforts to re-open gov’t today by moving individual spending bills. Agriculture &amp; Transportation/Housing up today
GOP TX Sens Cornyn/Cruz to join Trump on trip to border today as wall fight continues
Senate holds another procedural vote today to move to bill to aid Israel and sanction Syria. Similar effort failed earlier this wk. Expect effort to get Hse passed spending bills on flr too
Pelosi on Hse passing bill to re-open Treasury Dept/IRS: If Senate Republicans do not pass this legislation that they have already supported, they will be fully complicit in the chaos and cruelty of the Trump Shutdown
Jordan: People have a right to know if the Dep AG plotted to wear a wire to secretly record the President with the goal of removing him from office.Rod Rosenstein's expected departure from his post in no way absolves him of his responsibility to answer questions before Congress.
Fmr Hse Spkr Boehner famously ended his time in Congress w/what he called a "barn cleaning" to make things easier for Paul Ryan as Spkr. Finished interim deal on spending bills. Raised debt limit. Dem MA Rep McGovern says Ryan should have done the same at end of his Spkrshp
Dem MA Rep McGovern critical of fmr Spkr Ryan leaving Congress w/gov't shutdown: "I think he should have finished his business...I don't know how he could have left town and left this country in such a mess."
Fox has confirmed there is a classified House Foreign Affairs Committee briefing at 4 pm Thursday on a decision by Treasury to ease sanctions on companies linked to Oleg Deripaska Treasury Sec Mnuchin to appear
Fox confirms that FDA is suspending routine domestic food-processing facility inspections have ceased due to shutdown. FDA trying to get some workers back on the job
Colleague Caroline McKee rpts Sen Graham says working group trying find some bipartisan solutions to gov't shutdown. Murkowski hopes there will be more meetings.
Pelosi at WH mtg about the shutdown: "It's cold out here and the temperature wasn't much better in the Situation Room"
From Dem source on WH mtg. Trump to Pelosi: "In 30 days, will you be in favor of a wall?"		Pelosi:" No."	 	Trump: "What's the point?" "Bye bye" (slams hands on the table)
From Dem source on WH mtg. "Schumer: you are using people as leverage. Why won't you open the government and stop hurting people?"	 	Trump: "Because then you won't give me what I want."
Dem source on WH mtg: Pelosi said Democrats support border security and support addressing the narcotics and contraband interdiction issues Trump spoke about.  chumer noted that most drugs are coming through ports of entry.
Dem source familiar w/WH mtg: Pelosi and Schumer in their opening talked about specific impacts of the shutdown.  Impacts to federal workers: their paychecks, mortgage payments, impacts to veterans because so many are federal employees.
McCarthy on Pelosi saying that Trump was "petulent" in the shutdown mtg. McCarthy: "Not at all"
After WH mtg, McCarthy says Trump "didn’t slam his hands down at all. He said 'Alright I guess you guys don’t want to do anything.'"
Dem MA Sen Elizabeth Warren to travel to NH on January 12
Hse Agriculture Cmte Chair Peterson (D-MN) says he doesn't think shutdown will backfire on farmers w/Trump: "Today we got 67 calls for building the wall and 5 against. It sounds to me he is still pretty popular."
Hse Agriculture Cmte Chair Collin Peterson says gov't shutdown is hurting dairy farmers because they can't sign up for new pgms. Mentions a cattle rancher who is waiting for a check that can't be cut. Says the rancher can't pay rent or pay loan.
Big mtg has been going on in Graham's office for a while now. Unclear what they have been talking about. Colleague Peter Doocy rpts Jared Kushner just left. Other senators spotted: Tillis, Murkowski, Alexander, Manchin, Collins, Portman.
8 GOP yeas on Financial Svcs Apps bill to re-open that section of gov’t: 		Reps. Will Hurd (R-TX), John Katko (R-NY), Elise Stefanik (R-NY), Fred Upton (R-MI), Brian Fitzpatrick (R-PA), Greg Walden (R-OR), Jaime Herrera Beutler (R-WA) and Adam Kinzinger (R-IL)
Dems are not making much progress getting GOPers to break ranks on individual spending bills to re-open parts of gov’t. Dem Caucus chair Jeffries predicted “double digits” when asked how many GOPers would vote yea. Only 8 on financial svcs appropriations bill
The House has voted to approve the individual Financial Services Appropriations bill to re-open that section of the government.  The vote was 240 to 188	 	All Democrats voted aye.	 	They were joined by 8 Republicans who voted yes
House now voting on the Financial Services Appropriations bill to re-open that section of the government		Key will be to see how many House Republicans side with Democrats and vote aye
Pelosi on Trump: He is willing to hold federal workers hostage to my point of view. How pathetic is his argument if he doesn’t have confidence that he can prevail in negations if he have to shut down government to strengthen his hand.
Hoyer on how they end the shutdown: “We’ve got to stop taking hostages”
Pelosi on if this is the end of talks: I hope not. We have had people over the weekend in a series of meetings trying to come to an agreement of stipulation of fact of what the challenge is. The merit of different ways to protect the border. Border security is of high priority.
McConnell after WH mtg on shutdown: I hope we made it clear to you guys after the lunch that we are sticking with the president on this.
McConnell on WH mtg: I think it’s safe to say we didn’t make any progress today
Hoyer on shutdown mtg: This is not partisan difference. This is policy difference.
On the shutdown. The dam will only break at this pt if there is some triggering “event” which compels them to re-open the gov’t.  Next metric to watch: See how many Hse GOPers break ranks and vote yes on the financial services appropriations bill in the House later today
We weren’t expecting a breakthrough at the WH today on the shutdown. But the sides now seem further apart than they ever were
Pelosi at the Capitol after WH mtg: “It was a petulent President of the United States”
Pence: There will be no deal without a wall
Senate Apps Cmte Chair Shelby on Trump lunch: The message today is stay together..be cohesive and let people know he’s willing to sit down and discuss this with the Democrats in a rational way.
McCarthy on Trump &amp; CA wildfires: We are all frustrated with the lack of proper forest management that could mitigate the damage our communities have experienced and will certainly experience in the future.
Trump tweet: I left a meeting with Chuck and Nancy, a total waste of time. I asked what is going to happen in 30 days if I quickly open things up, are you going to approve Border Security which includes a Wall or Steel Barrier? Nancy said, NO. I said bye-bye, nothing else works!
McCarthy accuses Dems of not telling the truth about what happened in WH mtg. Says he was “disturbed” by Dems behavior in mtg
McCarthy says Pelosi said they could not have “border security” in 30 days if they re-opened the gov’t. Says Dems only want to “argue.”
McCarthy says they need to bring cameras back to the meetings on the shutdown
Pence says “the Democratic leaders are unwilling to even negotiate”
Pelosi on what WH mtg &amp; Trump’s case for wall: The evidence does not match the situation you describe
WH Mtg on shutdown breaks up. Dems speaking now
From colleague Caroline McKee. GOP AK Sen Murkowski on the shutdown: "There are consequences and people are starting to feel those consequences.”
Top Dem on Senate Energy/Public Works Cmte Carper: When Andrew Wheeler was first selected to be (Acting EPA Admin)..I urged him to restore public trust in the agency by..remedying some of Scott Pruitt’s most egregious actions and proposals. He has not done so.
Trump admin on individual spending bills the Hse is passing this wk to re-open gov't: "If H.R. 264, H.R. 267, H.R. 265, or H.R. 266 are presented to the President, his advisors would recommend that he veto the bills."
From colleague Guerin Hays. Graham on if Trump discussed a national emergency in lunch mtg: The president didn’t talk about that. To me that would be your last option not your first. Because you set a precedent. You've got to think about what this precedent does.
From colleague Guerin Hays. Leahy: I hate to see Rod Rosenstein leave.. don’t know if it helps Dems or republican. I thought he was in the position with a great deal of credibility and expertise and professionalism so hate to see him leave
GOP KS Sen Moran on impacts of gov’t shutdown:	The farm bill we just passed is not being implemented
GOP KS Sen Moran on shutdown &amp; wall:	No one says what they’re normally for. They’re just against the other side		Moran:	I’m opposed to declaring an emergency. Other members of the Senate are as well
GOP KS Sen Moran: “Almost everyone I know lives paycheck to paycheck..That ought to be pressure on all of us to get this resolved”
Colleague Peter Doocy rpts GOP senator in the Senate mtg challenged Trump over shutdown. But they emphasized they want the shutdown over soon
Bicameral, bipartisan Congressional leaders now heading to the WH for meeting with Trump on gov’t shutdown
House now debating Financial Services Appropriations bill to re-open that section of the government
Trump after meeting with Senate GOPers: “We have a very unified party”		Trump on the GOP lunch	There was no reason for me to be there		Trump:	We had a great time..There was solidarity
Trump still at the Capitol meeting with GOP senators. To meet with bipartisan, bicameral Congressional leaders in less than an hour. Waiting to see if any GOP senators..or the President, potentially shift their position
Upon arriving at the Capitol to meet with Senate GOPers about the wall, Trump says that Democrats are losing a lot of support over the shutdown
Feinstein: It’s absolutely shocking for President Trump to suggest he would deny disaster assistance to communities destroyed by wildfire. Attacking victims is yet another low for this president.
Colleague Caroline McKee rpts Acting DefSec Patrick Shanahan finishes mtg with Hse Armed Svcs Cmte chair Adam Smith. Shanahan says they had a had a “great meeting” with Smith
Trump now arriving at the Capitol to take part in the Senate GOP lunch &amp; talk about the border &amp; what Trump argues is a crisis at the border.
Trump formally sends nomination of Andrew Wheeler to the Senate. Is nominated to succeed Scott Pruitt as EPA Administrator
From colleague Jason Donner. Dem AL Sen Doug Jones: on shutdown: People have been entrenched but they're talking again..So hopefully that we can break this impasse. Hopefully people are not as entrenched as they may give publicly and we can get something
Revamped schedule for Hse to pass indvidual spending bills. Financial Services today. Agriculture &amp; Transportation/Housing tomorrow. Interior on Friday
Sen. Shelley Moore Capito (R-WV) chairs the Senate Homeland Security Appropriations Subcommittee, which handles wall funding. Capito says she would have to see a prospective deal to re-open gov't before committing to it
There is some rumbling among some moderate Republicans about pushing to re-open the government, regardless of where they are with the wall.	Sens. Cory Gardner (R-CO), Lisa Murkowski (R-AK) and Susan Collins (R-ME) are leaning in that direction.
Top bicameral/bipartisan Congressional leaders head to WH for 3 pm conclave. This is important because it involves the principals, NOT just aides. The criticism of the weekend “working group” is that many of the aides in the meetings were not “deputized” to negotiate
President Trump heads to Capitol Hill shortly to meet with Senate Republicans and Vice President Pence at the weekly Senate GOP policy luncheon. This is a reprise of what Pence did last night with the House GOPers.
Notable that House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer (D-MD) is presiding from the dais over the debate on the rule for debate on the Financial Services Appropriations bills on the floor later today.
Hse today on schedule to pass Financial Svcs spending bill today, likely with some GOP votes. Agriculture &amp; Interior tomorrow. Transportation/Housing Friday.
Hse Rules Cmte Chair McGovern on Hse prepping individual spending bills to re-open gov't: This is not where we intended to be to to start the new Congress. Cleaning up the mess left by the last Congress..But we are where we are. This is an emergency. We need to re-open the gov't
Trump on shutdown &amp; wall: I think we are getting closer..I didn’t want this fight.
Trump on shutdown: "I think something will happen. I really do. Otherwise we will have to go about it in a different manner.”
Trump says he may declare a national emergency for the wall if he doesn't get a deal with Congress
Schumer on mtg with Trump today: We will continue to negotiate but first order of business is to reopen the government
Schumer on federal employees impacted by shutdown: To use them as hostage through a temper tantrum by the president is so unfair. It ought to end and it ought to end now
Graham as incoming Senate Judiciary Cmte chair after mtg w/AG nominee Barr: I’m going to do a deep dive into the FISA issue. I think he'll be part of it.
Hse Dem Caucus Chair Jeffries says “we expect this number to enter the double digits” when asked how many GOPers could vote for individual Hse appropriations bills to re-open sections of gov’t
Hse Dem Caucus Chair Jeffries says a wall is a “5th century solution to a 21st century problem. Wants Trump to take “yes” for an answer” as Hse moves individual spending bills to re-open gov’t
On prayer and profanity https://t.co/GdD2NMIiOI
Atty Genera nominee William Barr at the Capitol today to meet w/incoming Senate Judiciary Cmte chairman Graham &amp; others ahead of comfirmation hearings
House slated to debate/vote on Financial Services appropriations bill today to re-open Treasury &amp; the IRS
Top Bicameral, bipartisan leaders to the White House later today to discuss gov’t shutdown
Trump/Pence to the Capitol today to talk to Senate GOPers at lunch about wall &amp; border security
Senate today swore-in GOP FL Sen Rick Scott. Here are the breakdowns for the new Congress. 100 Senate mbrs. 53 GOPers 47 Dems. Technically, 45 Dems as Sanders &amp; King are independents yet caucus w/Dems. Hse: 434 mbrs. 235 Dems.  199 GOPers. One vacancy. NC’s 9th district
McConnell: The past eighteen days have shown that Democrats’ refusal to negotiate is not due to any principled objection, but simply due to partisan spite for the president.
McConnell: President Trump reaffirmed his commitment to addressing the humanitarian and security crisis at our nation’s southern border. His proposal to increase security through physical barriers suits the reality on the ground.
DSCC's David Bergstein on Trump speech: 		“Tonight’s address moved Senate Republicans closer to defeat in 2020 because the longer they drag out their pointless shutdown, the more damaging it will be for them.”
Schumer: The symbol of America should be the Statue of Liberty, not a thirty-foot wall. So our suggestion is a simple one: Mr. President: re-open the government and we can work to resolve our differences over border security. But end this shutdown now.
Schumer: Most presidents have used Oval Office addresses for noble purposes.  This president just used the backdrop of the Oval Office to manufacture a crisis, stoke fear, and divert attention from the turmoil in his Administration.
Schumer: How do we untangle this mess? There is an obvious solution: separate the shutdown from the arguments over border security.  There is bipartisan legislation – supported by Democrats and Republicans, to re-open government
Schumer: Tonight – and throughout this debate and his presidency – President Trump has appealed to fear, not facts.  Division, not unity. Make no mistake: Democrats and the President both want stronger border security.  However, we sharply disagree with the President
In Pelosi's remarks, she uses the phrases "the fact is" five times. An effort to contrast what Democrats contend are falsehoods propounded by the administration and the president about the wall.
Pelosi: The fact is: President Trump must stop holding the American people hostage, must stop manufacturing a crisis, and must re-open the government.
Pelosi: The fact is: the women and children at the border are not a security threat, they are a humanitarian challenge – a challenge that President Trump’s own cruel and counterproductive policies have only deepened.
Pelosi: The President is rejecting these bipartisan bills which would re-open government – over his obsession with forcing American taxpayers to waste billions of dollars on an expensive and ineffective wall – a wall he always promised Mexico would pay for.
Pelosi: Sadly, much of what we have heard from President Trump throughout this senseless shutdown has been full of misinformation and even malice. The President has chosen fear.  We want to start with the facts.
Pelosi/Schumer up now, responding to Trump's televised address.
In his televised remarks, Trump does NOT declare a national emergency in order to construct the border wall.
Trump remarks complete. Now waiting for remarks by Pelosi/Schumer from the Capitol
Trump: This is a choice between right and wrong. Justice and injustice.
Trump on border security: "How much more American blood must we shed?"
Trump says wall will pay for itself and will be paid for by Mexico/Canada trade pact. Not yet agreed to by Congress.
Says gov't shutdown could be solved "in a 45 minute meeting." Says that's why he called Congressional leaders to the White House.
Trump calls out Schumer by name. Says "they changed their mind" &amp; "refused to acknowledge the crisis." Says the shutdown is because "Democrats won't fund border security."
Trump says border issues "strains public resources." Says it disproportionately impacts African Americans &amp; Hispanic Americans. Says "this is a humanitarian crisis. A crisis of the heart and a crisis of the soul."
Trump to make his first televised address from the Oval Office shortly. Will speak about the border wall and border security. To be followed by the Democratic response at the Capitol with Pelosi and Schumer
Giffords standing in the well with the Arizona delegation for the moment of silence: Dem CA Rep Mike Thompson and Dem GA Rep Lucy McBath whose son was killed by gun violence
House now observing moment of silence on 8th anniversary of Tuscon shooting which wounded fmr Dem AZ Rep Gabrielle Giffords &amp; killed aide Gabe Zimmerman. Giffords on the floor now
DHS Sec Nielsen as she the Capitol after mtg w/House GOPers on her message about the border “it’s a crisis”
Pence &amp; DHS Sec Nielsen leave House GOP briefing on border. No comments
And in other news...GOP SC Sen Lindsey Graham on the Senate flr: “The Clemson Tigers have become the gold standard for college football, both on and off the field”
McCarthy says Pence did not tell House Republicans if Trump will delcare a national emergency for the border
After mtg w/Pence/Nielsen on border security: House Republican Conference Chairwoman Liz Cheney (R-WY):	The main message is we have a crisis at the southern border		House Minority Whip Steve Scalise (R-LA):	We have a clear crisis at the southern border
Senate fails to launch debate on bill to assist Israel &amp; sanction Syria. Procedural vote was 56-44. But it needed 60 yeas
Judiciary Cmte Chair Grassley to meet w/AG nominee Barr tomorrow
House to observe moment of silence tonight the 8th anniversary of the Tuscon shooting which killed aide Gabe Zimmerman &amp; wounded fmr Dem AZ Rep Gabrielle Giffords. She will be on the flr for the moment of silence
Senate now taking procedural vote to advance bill which would impose sanctions against Syria, assist Israel &amp; cooperate with Jordan
Trump to Capitol Hill tomorrow for Senate GOP policy lunch. Then the Big 8 Congressional leaders invited to the White House at 3 pm tomorrow
Hse Rules Cmte now mtg. Will prep financial svcs spending bill for debate tomorrow. Would fund Treasury &amp; IRS
Pence, Nielsen, Mulvaney on CapHill for briefing of House GOPers about their case for a border wall.
Big 8 Congressional leaders to White House at 3 pm et Wednesday
Fmr Dem AZ Rep Gabrielle Giffords on CapHill for rollout of bipartisan, universal background checks bill. Applies to all gun purchases/transfers. Today is the 8th anniversary of Giffords being shot. Aide Gabe Zimmerman was killed in the attack
Colleague Caroline McKee rpts Pence now in McConnell's office
Pence swears-in GOP FL Sen Rick Scott. Among those spotted were several former Florida GOP senators: 		Sens. Connie Mack Sr. (R-FL), Mel Martinez (R-FL) and George LeMieux (R-FL)
Pence now at Capitol to swear-in Sen-elect Rick Scott of FL
From colleague Jason Donner. McConnell does not reply when asked if the possibility of Trump declaring a national emergency for the border wall is a good idea
McConnell on Dems &amp; gov't shutdown: 	The only thing that changed now are political whims &amp; the occupant of the White House. It’s just political spite. A tantrum being prioritized over the public business		McConnell:	They’ve put that partisan tantrum over keeping the gov't open
In his flr remarks, McConnell accuses Democrats of wanting to block the wall just because it’s President Trump’s initiative. Some years ago, McConnell famously described Senate GOP efforts to make President Obama “a one term President.”
McConnell says the shutdown was “caused by Democrats unwillingness to negotiate with the White House." Says Dems are "wanting to shut the Senate down, too."
Top GOPer on Hse Armed Svcs Cmte Thornberry on acting DefSec Shanahan if he should recuse himself on Boeing issues: I don’t know.,I worry if we go too far saying anyone involved in defense contracting can’t work in the DOD....it’s like cutting off your nose in spite of your face
Top GOPer on Hse Armed Svcs Cmte Thornberry on if there is anything Congress can do to block Trump from using military construction money for wall: "I am opposed to using national defense funds for anything else."
From colleague Caroline McKee. Top GOPer on Hse Armed Svcs Cmte Thornberry. Opposes using military construction money for border wall. Says "to take some of that money will be damaging and I’m not in support of that. We should fund border needs on their own."
In opening prayer, Senate Chaplain Barry Black speaks of federal workers enduring "collateral damage" because of partial government shutdown.
Pence coming to the Capitol to swear-in GOP FL Sen-elect Rick Scott. Pence will also be here later today to meet with House GOPers, alongside DHS Sec Nielsen, to discuss the border wall.
Sen Bernie Sanders (I-VT) to deliver a response to Trump tonight. Will be streamed on Facebook, YouTube and Twitter. Comes after Pelosi/Schumer deliver their response to Trump.
The latest on the shutdown and the political fallout https://t.co/v5n6RGxytI
Hoyer: "After Newt Gingrich shut down the government there was not another shutdown for 17 years. Why? Because the American public was so mad about it."
Hoyer on if Trump can declare a nat'l emergency for the wall: “I don’t think the president has that authority. I think it’s analogous to the governments that we’ve seen all over the world applying martial law to justify them doing whatever they want, to whomever they want"
From colleague Caroline McKee. Hoyer says Trump has taken "hostage the people’s government and people who work for the government.” Says "in another context we would call that an act of kidnapping or terrorism."
Recent instances of Mrbs of Congress responding to a NON State of the Union, televised address by the President: 3) Fmr Hse Spkr John Boehner (R-OH) responded to President Obama speaking about the debt limit crisis from the Speaker’s Ceremonial Office in the Capitol in July, 2011
Recent instances of Mrbs of Congress responding to a NON State of the Union, televised address by the President: 2) Former Rep. Charles Boustany (R-LA) responded to President Obama from the Strom Thurmond Room of the Capitol after he gave his health care speech in September, 2009
Recent instances of Mrbs of Congress responding to a NON State of the Union, televised address by the President: 1) Sen. Jack Reed (D-RI) responded to President George W. Bush after an Iraq/Afghanistan speech from the Mansfield Room at the Capitol in September, 2007.
Pelosi/Schumer announce they will deliver a response to Trump's speech about the border and wall tonight following his remarks. They will give their remarks from the Speaker's Balcony at the Capitol.
Freshman members of Congress are no longer “outsiders.” They are now “incumbents.” https://t.co/liOo4eu15W
Senate to take procedural vote late this afternoon to start on bill which assists provides defense aid to Israel, reauthorizes cooperation w/Jordan &amp; "to halt the wholesale slaughter of the Syrian people, and for other purposes."
Senate today to swear-in Sen.-elect Rick Scott (R-FL)
Hse Rules Cmte to meet later today to prep Financial Svcs &amp; general government funding bill for flr debate/vote later this wk. Bill covers Treasury &amp; IRS. Hse Dems intend to pass all remaining 7 bills individually in attempt to re-open gov't
Pence &amp; DHS Sec Nielsen to CapHill later today to brief House GOPers on issues at the border
Trump to speak to nation tonight about border in televised address from Oval Office. Pelosi/Schumer seeking equal TV time
Fmr Dem AZ Rep Giffords on CapHill today as Pelosi &amp; Dem CA Rep Thompson roll out bipartisan bill calling for bipartisan background checks for all gun sales/transfers. Bill is HR 8. Today is 8th anniversary of shooting where Giffords was wounded &amp; aide Gabe Zimmerman was killed
Pelosi/Schumer: Now that the television networks have decided to air the President’s address, which if his past statements are any indication will be full of malice and misinformation, Democrats must immediately be given equal airtime.
Pelosi/Schumer: Trump keeps rejecting the bipartisan House-passed bills, which have already received strong bipartisan support in the Senate, to re-open..gov’t..he is still demanding that American taxpayers pay at least $5.7 billion for his wall, which can’t pass either chamber
Pelosi/Schumer: Democrats and an increasing number of Republicans in Congress have repeatedly urged the President and Leader McConnell to end the Trump Shutdown and re-open the government while Congress debates the President’s expensive and ineffective wall.
Trump potentially declaring nat'l emergency could ramp up impeachment talk. But Pelosi’s been here before. When Dems got the Hse in '07, she quashed a rebellion among Dems who wanted to impeach President George W Bush over Iraq.
On Tlaib, Pelosi has wrestled with disciplining mbrs for intemperate remarks – of even the opposite party. Pelosi didn't want to formally discipline Joe Wilson after he shouted "you lie" at Obama. Clyburn pushed for &amp; secured an informal “resolution of disapproval” for Wilson
Dems struggling w/overexposed freshmen Dems now. Ocasio-Cortez. Tlaib. Little focus on Dem freshman moderates like CunninghamSC, GoldenME, McAdamsUT. Swing voters may think the party is too far left if they only hear about Ocasio-Cortez &amp; Tlaib.
Dems privately seething about Tlaib's comments about Trump last week. Believe that took focus off gov't shutdown &amp; wall fight.
Pelosi always has a good read on temperature of her caucus. She knows they don't want a wall. But there has never been a shutdown to start a new Congress. A lot of mbrs are unknowns. Not clear what so many new Dems would support to re-open gov't.
If Trump declares nat'l emergency for wall, he could draw of Congressional appropriators. It is said there are three types of Members of Congress. Democrats. Republicans. And Appropriators. Those who control the purse strings won’t support Trump tramping on their ground at all.
Members of Congress of both parties guard their Constitutional prerogatives closely. Many won’t be happy about a national emergency to declare a wall.
If Trump does go around Congress for wall, watch to see if GOPers challenge him. Trump got an earful from some Congressional GOPers for how he handled Saudi Arabia after Khashoggi killing &amp; Syria withdrawal plan. GOP had previously been more deferential to Trump
On Trump going around CapHill for wall, all administrations test limits of exec power. Truman in Youngstown Steel case. Rebuked by SCOTUS. Obama w/recess appointments. Rebuked by SCOTUS. SCOTUS said exec branch can't tell legislative branch what constitutes a recess.
Dems &amp; some GOPers will explode if Trump goes around Congress &amp; declares a national emergency for border wall. Hse GOP often said it wanted Congress to reclaim Congressional authority to take on Obama. Watch to see if GOPers were to give Trump a pass.
Hearing that WH may start to meet w/rank &amp; file mbrs on border wall. Lots of these talks need to be kicked to the mbr level. That's why there was criticism of wknd talks w/staff. Aides aren't always deputized to negotiate on behalf of mbrs
From colleague Kevin Corke: Pence: "The weekend sessions were productive from the standpoint that we understand the priorities on both sides.  Now we need to get the Democrats to negotiate.”
From colleague Kevin Corke. He rpts Trump is still considering declaring a national emergency not not sure if he will call for one. WH counsel's office looking at what one would look like &amp; what it can do. WH also contends that tax refunds won't be impacted by the shutdown
Nadler on Trump &amp; border wall: e can’t take funds for other purposes just because he declares national emergency..we will oppose any attempt by the president to make himself a king or a tyrant
Judiciary Cmte Chair Nadler on if Trump declares nat'l  emergency to build wall: The president has no authority of usurping Congressional authority..
Hse Judiciary Cmte Chair Nadler on Trump to speak to nation about border wall: I expect president to lie to the American people.
Dem TX Rep Castro says if Trump declares a national emergency for border wall, it would be "profoundly inappropriate to circumvent Congress" &amp; build the wall "against the will of Congress."
Dem TX Rep Gonzalez on Trump border visit: If the president does visit McAllen, Texas, he should feel free to walk around and support our local businesses– after all it is safer to walk around McAllen than it is D.C.
Dem TX Rep Gonzalez, who represents a district on the border, on Trump coming to border Thus. Let me remind the president that McAllen, Texas, a border city, has experienced some of the lowest crime rates in 30 years.
Pence &amp; DHS Sec Nielsen to brief Hse GOPers on border situation at 5:30 pm et Tues on CapHill. Expected to brief GOP senators on Wed
Trump to speak tomorrow night about the border crisis to a national TV audience
Dem Rep. Torres Small and CHC Chair Castro lead delegation to Alamogordo, NM today to probe death of Felipe Gomez Alonzo in CBP custody.
On prayer and profanity... https://t.co/3KR2mEX2EM
What’s next with the partial government shutdown https://t.co/yw0Rc4Xt8C
Trump tweet:..Pence &amp; group had a productive meeting with the Schumer/Pelosi representatives today. Many details of Border Security were discussed. We are now planning a Steel Barrier rather than concrete. It is both stronger &amp; less obtrusive. Good solution, &amp; made in the USA
Dem official familiar w/WH mtg on shutdown: No progress was made today. At this time, there is not another meeting of this group scheduled.
Dem official on WH mtg: The Admin did not present any commensurate cuts in the DHS budget to accommodate..increases they are seeking. Given the failure of the White House to present a full budget justification today, the Dem staff pleaded again..to change course &amp; re-open gov’t
Dem official on WH mtg: Yesterday, Democrats asked for a full budget justification for the Administration’s position because the $5.7 billion wall request was not included in the Administration’s FY 2019 request..Democratic staff did not receive a full budget justification today
Dem official familiar w/today’s WH mtg on the shutdown: The meeting today at 1 p.m. started approximately 45 minutes late because the White House did not have the information Democrats requested ready.
Hse GOP ldrshp aide on WH shutdown mtg: Democrats were given what they asked for, which was a detailed, breakdown list of the administration’s proposals for border security that include the wall and other border protection measures.
Trump says he’s looking at declaring a “national emergency” to get his border wall
Trump when asked if he’s spoken to Pelosi: We’ve been in touch with a lot of people and I informed my folks to say that we’ll build a steel barrier
WH mtg w/Congressional ldrshp aides now starting on the gov’t shutdown
By the end of the week, the House likely will have passed different versions of all funding bills to re-open the government twice. These pkgs are expected to be DOA in the Senate
We expect the House to consider the Financial Services and General Government appropriations bill Wednesday. This measure deals with Treasury and funds the IRS.
This wk the Hse begins approving new appropriations measures on an individual basis. Rules Committee will meet late Tuesday afternoon to tee up some of these measures for the floor. The Rules Committee is the gateway for most legislation to reach the House floor.
House to consider 2nd set of bills to fund government again this week	The House already approved one amalgamated spending bill, addressing six areas of spending AND one measure to fund DHS through February 8. The House approved both bills on a bipartisan basis.
Trump on gov’t workers not receiving paychecks: I can relate and I'm sure the people who are on the receiving end will make adjustments, they always do...but many of those people who won't be receiving a paycheck, many of those people agree with what I'm doing.
Admin officials, top Congressional aides, slated to meet again later today on gov’t shutdown
WH’s Sanders on Fox when asked if Trump is in fact willing to keep gov’t shut for months or yrs: “Absolutely. The president means what he says when he says that.“
WH’s Sanders on Fox. Says Dems at shutdown mtg said "’We’re not here to make an agreement.’ this is the beginning of a conversation that still has I think a lot left to be worked out.  They’re going to meet again later this afternoon &amp; hopefully they’ll continue to make progress”
Apps Cmte Chair Lowey: These bills will stop this chaos, get many federal employees back on the job, and ensure that key parts of the government are working for the American people.
Hse Dems release text of 4 appropriations bills to re-open the government for the coming week. Starts with the Financial Svcs appropriations bill
Pelosi: Next wk Hse Dems will begin passing individual appropriations bills to re-open all gov’t agencies, starting with the appropriations bill that covers the Dept of the Treasury &amp; the lRS. This action is necessary so..people can receive their tax refunds on schedule.
Pelosi: While President Trump threatens to keep the government shut down for 'years', Democrats are taking immediate further action to re-open government, so that we can meet the needs of the American people, protect our borders and respect our workers.
Dem aide familiar w/shutdown mtg: Democratic staff indicated it will be difficult to make real progress as long as the president keeps the government closed
Democratic aide says administration “doubled down” on $5.7 billion in White House meeting. Says “everyone knows can’t pass either chamber of Congress. Democratic staff repeatedly urged the Trump Administration and Republicans to reopen the government but were rejected.”
Dem source familiar w/WH shutdown mtg: Today was an opportunity for the Administration to come down from an untenable position that cannot pass the Congress. That did not happen. The same group will meet tomorrow.
Dem source familiar w/WH mtg: Democratic staff in the room were clear that White House must support re-opening government immediately and that it will grow increasingly hard to start formal negotiations with government closed.  Administration officials refused.
Dem sources familiar w/WH mtg: Democrats in the room asked for a formal budget justification for the Administration’s position in order to finally determine what the Administration’s request is.  As you know, the White House has been all over the place on numbers for months.
Democratic source familiar with today’s White House meeting:	 	The Vice President made clear that the White House will not move off of the $5.7 billion dollar proposal that led to the Trump Shutdown.
Hse GOP ldrshp aide on shutdown mtg: It was productive and beneficial to have Secretary Nielsen finally be able to outline the crisis at the border in detail without interruption, given her prior efforts were cut off by Democrat leaders. The group agreed to meet again tomorrow.
Readout on shutdown mtg from Hse GOP ldrshp aide: House &amp; Senate Republican leadership chiefs and policy directors, along with senior Democrat policy staff, met today with the Vice President, Secretary Nielsen, and other senior administration officials for an in-depth discussion
WH on shutdown mtg: There was no in depth conversation about dollar figure, but the priorities for security. VP reiterated President’s position that we need funding for the wall. Dems requested further details in writing on needs of DHS. We will provide this tonight/tomorrow
From colleague Jennifer Bowman. WH official on shutdown mtg:!Secretary Nielsen was able to provide a full briefing on the crisis at the Southern border. The conversation was productive and they agreed to meet again tomorrow afternoon.
New challenges for the New Democratic Hosuse https://t.co/YRdlX5A5te
Colleague Jennifer Bowman rpts WH mtg on efforts to end shutdown appears to have concluded
Mtg now starting on gov’t shutdown w/Pence, Mulvaney, Nielsen, Kushner &amp; top Congressional leadership aides
Trump tweet on shutdown: I don’t care that most of the workers not getting paid are Democrats, I want to stop the Shutdown as soon as we are in agreement on Strong Border Security! I am in the White House ready to go, where are the Dems?
Congressional ldrshp aides to meet with Pence, Mulvaney, Nielsen &amp; Kushner in effort to end partial government shutdown
New year. But same government shutdown https://t.co/JtdyMmKv8c
Hse Armed Svcs Cmte Chair Smith on moving military $ to fund wall: It has a direct impact on readiness because readiness is always the last place they go for $. Readiness is fixing equipment..enough ammo for training, enough fuel for training, that’s where you get less training
Hse Armed Svcs Cmte Chair Adam Smith on reprogramming military money for the wall: I think that would be a terrible idea..I think it harm readiness and harm our military.
Harry Truman once said “if you want a friend in Washington, get a dog.” A dog in the Capitol Rotunda by the statue of Alexander Hamilton on a Friday night. https://t.co/aHvIyXifYx
McCarthy criticized Dems for not keeping Hse in session this wknd to solve shutdown. But GOP, when in control of Hse, cut everyone loose before Christmas. Ryan last seen at Capitol Dec 22. GOP controlled Senate met briefly today. Returns Tuesday afternoon
Hse GOP passed bill in Dec w/only GOPers to fund gov't w/wall money. Bill was dead in water. Hse Dems, now in control passed bills w/bipartisan support to fund gov't w/o wall money. But GOP now criticizing Dems for the same tactic they took before Christmas
Fox is told after Trump burned McConnell w/interim Dec spending bill, McConnell is partly backing away from talks. Putting issue mostly in hands of Hse/Senate Dems &amp; Trump. Reiterates bill must be able to get Trump's signature to re-open gov't
At WH today, McCarthy/Scalise stood by Trump in Rose Garden. McConnell came back to Capitol. Thune was never seen. McConnell feels burned by Trump after he put interim spending bill on flr Dec 19, passed it &amp; then Trump threatened veto. Was told Trump would sign it.
Of the 12 spending bills, Milcon/VA &amp; Defense are among the 5 signed into law. Admin can "reporgram" or "transfer" funds w/Congressional approval. Otherwise, most money already appropriated is set in stone.
Hse Armed Svces Cmte Chair Smith worried that Trump's plan to take $ from military for wall will harm military readiness. Pts out military just got big spending hike in March. Asks why Trump wants to take that away. Worries about military accidents
Hse Homeland Security Cmte Chairman Bennie Thompson writes to DHS Sec Nielsen requesting her to testify: "Your border security presentation..is yet another example of the misinformation &amp; outright lies the..Administration has used to make the case for the..boondoggle border wall"
The biggest pitfall for a freshman Member of Congress? Becoming an incumbent.  https://t.co/YRdlX5A5te
Hse Armed Svcs Cmte chair Adam Smith: Trump values the construction of his wall over military readiness and support for our troops and their families. Diverting money from these military construction accounts could have substantial impacts for servicemembers
Pelosi on WH mtg: How do you define progress in a meeting?  When you have a better understanding of each other's position?  When you eliminate some possibilities?  If that's a judgment, we made some progress.
Schumer on what he said to Trump: I pointed out to him..I got in my office this morning.  A fire dispatcher from upstate New York, his wife is pregnant, signed a mortgage, can't get the F.A.A., the F.H.A. to approve it now because the government is closed.
Pelosi after WH mtg: We agree that we will continue our conversations but we all recognize, on the Democratic side, that we really can’t resolve this until we open up government and we made that very clear to the President.
Fox confirms that the Vice President’s office has invited Congressional leadership staff to meet with the Vice President at 11 am Saturday at the White House to discuss ending the government shutdown
Senate to swear-in Sen.-elect Rick Scott (R-FL) at 4 pm et Tuesday
Dem official familiar w/WH mtg. Says Pence floated idea of staff talking thru wknd on shutdown. Pelosi/Schumer urged Trump to commit to re-opening by Tues. Trump refused. Official say "working group" was not discussed in the mtg
Leahy: The real national emergency is the President’s senseless and costly shutdown. There is no national emergency on the southern border...We need comprehensive immigration reform to address the complex issues at our southern border, not military assets.
Trump says he can declare a "national emergency” to build border wall. Trump still needs approval by chairs/ranking mbrs of Hse/Senate Apps Cmtes to move around already appropriated money. Constitution gives Congress power of purse. Use only dictated by Congress
From colleague Caroline McKee. When he returned to the Capitol, McCarthy described the latest WH mtg as more productive than the previous one. Said there were now parameters for what Pelosi defines as border security
Trump on shutdown: I think it's going to be over sooner than people think.
GOP KY Sen Kennedy on Tlaib: I don’t know the Congresswoman, but her comments were inappropriate. I prefer to think she was over caffeinated and just made a mistake. If I’m wrong and she has this much hate in her heart, I feel sorry for her.
Trump on Tlaib: I thought her comments were disgraceful...I think she dishonored herself and dishonored her family....Using language like that in front of her son...I thought it was highly disrespectful to the United States of America.
Trump says Pelosi told him "we're not looking to impeach you."
Trump on Tlaib &amp; impeachment: You can't impeach somebody who's doing a great job
Trump says it doesn't matter who is blamed for the shutdown, be it him, Schumer or Pelosi. "It's just words."
Trump: "I don't call it a shutdown. I call it doing what you need to do for the benefit of the country."
Trump says mtg w/Congressional mtg was "contentious" but "also productive."
Trump confirms what Schumer said that Trump told Congressional ldrs in mtg shutdown could go on "months" or "years."
Pelosi, Dem CA Rep Thompson &amp; fmr AZ Dem Rep Giffords to introduce bill Tues to expand background checks for transfers/sales of guns
McCarthy says Trump will call Congressional leaders back next wk to discuss ending partial gov't shutdown
Trump just mentioned that Pence will be involved to try to end shutdown. Fox is told those working on it are DHS Sec Nielsen, Kushner &amp; Mulvaney, along w/Hill aides
Pence says there was "candid and productive dialogue" that took place on the shutdown during WH mtgs.
Trump on efforts to re-open the gov't: I found the Democrats really want to do something
McCarthy/Scalise in Rose Garden w/Trump. McConnell came back to the Capitol
Trump: We had a productive meeting today.
Trump says they’ve "come a long way” in talks on shutdown w/Dems
Multiple sources say there is no real breakthrough at the WH mtg on shutdown. There was no special “team” of aides who were “deputized” to hammer out the differences because they were close. 		In short, they are not much closer.
A California flair during the first day of the new Congress https://t.co/KODYaOISZQ
Schumer after WH mtg: We need government open. He resisted. He said he would keep closed for very long time. Months or even years.  We'll continue discussing, of course. it’s very hard to see how progres
On shutdown, McConnell says Hill/WH aides will “see if they can reach an agreement and punt it back to us to see if we can reach an agreement”
McConnell says there is no way there could be a re-opening of gov’t before Tuesday since members need to be here to vote. Calls the core of WH &amp; Hill aides a “working group.”
McConnell after WH mtg on shutdown:	The President agreed to designate his top people staff with leadership aides this weekend.
At first glance, KS Senate race looks to be GOP territory. But the GOP brand has been damaged of late in KS. Dems nearly won a special election for Pompeo's old Hse seat in early '17. Dem KS Rep Sharice Davids flipped a seat held by fmr GOP KS Rep Kevin Yoder last cycle.
McCarthy on Hse bills to fund gov't &amp; Tlaib: Every single new freshman Democrat decided to play politics. We watched brand new Speaker say nothing to her. Somebody should stand up to her. She's the Speaker.
McCarthy on how Pelosi should handle Tlaib: She is the Speaker of the House. Head of the Democratic party.
McCarthy on Hse being out of session this wkend amid shutdown: I wish we could have stayed here this weekend and solved it. It would not take a long time. we know where difference lie, know where to find compromise
Hse GOP ldrs &amp; McConnell critical of Hse passed bills to re-open gov't. But Hse GOP did the same when they ok'd their bill w/wall funding before Christmas. GOP controlled Senate not even considering Hse passed bills from last night.
Hse GOP ldrs critical of Dems "leaving town" amid gov't shutdown. Senate adjourned this morning. Doesn't return until Tues. Few Hse GOPers were here at all during 1st day of shutdown on Dec 22 through Jan 2.
GOP Conf Chair Cheney critical of Pelosi &amp; how she handled Tlaib. Sidesteps question as to whether GOPers should have been tougher on Trump when he used vitriol &amp; invective
On Tlaib, GOP Conf Chair Cheney says there's "a real ramp up in rhetoric, name calling..Democrats are clearly bringing into this office level of vitriol. i hope that they will determine they will stop playing games
Dem MO Rep Cleaver on remarks by Tlaib about Trump: We have to apply pressure on people who go way out there..She’s new. She’s been in Congress two day..she’s not going to be embraced..With no exception I heard people saying they were aghast at what she said
Dem MO Rep Cleaver on Dem MI Rep Tlaib using profanity when spearking about Trump: This young person who just got elected may think this is okay...Someone told me you’re old school. But this is a new day. But I am refusing to accept the new day-ness of vulgarity
Dem MO Rep Emanuel Cleaver on Tlaib: What she said yesterday was wrong. Wrong is wrong. And I will not retreat from that..
Dem MO Rep Cleaver on if Trump's conduct goads Dems into using similar rhetoric as Tlaib used profane language about the President: 	The President has created a new kind of a climate that President Bush could not have created
Dem MO Rep Cleaver on calls by some Dems to impeach Trump:	There is a fever among some that we need to impeach the President. I’m not going back to Washington for impeachment but for improvement..
Dem MO Rep Emanuel Cleaver is an ordained Methodist minister &amp; delivered opening prayer to start Hse yesterday. Spoke about healing "open sores." Says Rep Rashida Tlaib's remarks about Trump "makes this sore nastier and increases the likelihood of contagion"
I ask Pelosi as she leaves the Capitol for WH mtg on gov't shutdown if she will speak to Dem MI Rep Rashida Tlaib about the language Tlaib used when discussing Trump:  Pelosi responds “I’m going to talk the President about his language.”
McConnell on Syria bill. Says it "speaks to the human tragedy of the Syrian civil war. It provides non-military tools for responding to the atrocities..It will hold accountable those responsible for the torture and murder of countless Syrian civilians"
McConnell: There are no easy solutions in Syria. I hope the administration and the Congress will be deliberate and sober as we consider the risks of various approaches to the end-game of the fight against the physical caliphate of ISIS.
Senate was in session briefly this morning. Next in at 3 pm et on Tuesday.
GOP KS Sen Pat Roberts will not run for re-election in 2020. “I will be forever grateful to the people of Kansas for allowing me to represent you – and you can bet I still have a very long ‘to do’ list. The fighting for you is a long way from over."
Top Dem/GOP Leaders now at the WH to discuss gov’t shutdown
McConnell calls the House passed bills to re-open gov't “a time wasting act of political posturing.” McConnell says “a resolution will have to be palatable to House Dems &amp; Senate GOPers alike.” McConnell says “We need to make policy rather than simply making political theatre."
Dem CA Rep Brad Sherman on his effort to impeach Trump: "The thing we can do that most shows respect for the office is not having someone in there whose committed high crimes and misdemeanors on the one hand, and is hurting the country on the other.”
From colleague Caroline McKee. Dem CA Rep Brad Sherman who has drafted impeachment articles: “I think I have 100, 200-300 million allies who feel that the president is not doing a good job.”
WH’s Sanders on Hse-passed bills to re-open gov’t: Those are non-starters
WH’s Sanders on Pelosi: She has a huge challenge on her hands, and this will be a test of her leadership.
Trump tweet: How do you impeach a president who has won perhaps the greatest election of all time, done nothing wrong..had the most successful first two years of any president, and is the most popular Republican in party history 93%?
Trump tweet: As I have stated many times, if the Democrats take over the House or Senate, there will be disruption to the Financial Markets. We won the Senate, they won the House. Things will settle down. They only want to impeach me because they know they can’t win in 2020..
House &amp; Senate in session today. No votes in Senate. No pathway to end gov’t shutdown. Top House/Senate bipartisan leaders head to WH today for mtg with Trump on shutdown
Here are the seven Republicans who voted yea on 6 bill pkg to re-open most of gov’t: 		Reps. Brian Fitzpatrick (R-PA), Will Hurd (R-TX), John Katko (R-NY), Pete King (R-NY), Elise Stefanik (R-NY), Fred Upton (R-MI) and Greg Walden (R-OR).
5 Hse GOPers joined Dems to vote aye on bill to temporarily fund DHS but provide no border wall: Fitzpatrick, Hurd (who represents a large district bordering Mexico), Katko, SmithNJ &amp; Stefanik (who represents a NY district bordering Canada)
Hse ok's combined bill to re-open most shuttered parts of the government. The vote was 241-190. 7 GOPers  joined Dems &amp; voted yea. The measure puts together six of the seven unresolved appropriations bills in 1 package and runs those areas of the government through Sept 30
The House has rejected a procedural maneuver by Republicans to strip the six-bill spending package of the so-called “Mexico City Policy” or “gag rule” when it comes to abortion. Democrats rejected the GOP effort, 232 to 199.
The House is now voting on a combined bill to re-open most shuttered parts of the federal government. The measure puts together six of the seven unresolved appropriations bills in one package and runs those areas of the government through September 30.
House approves bill to fund DHS on interim basis, without new wall money	This is an interim spending measure which funds DHS at current levels through February 8. The bill does not include any new wall money. The vote was 239 to 192. Five Republicans voted yea
The House is now voting on a stopgap spending bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security.		This is an interim spending measure which funds DHS at current levels through February 8. The bill does not include any new wall money.
The first day of the new Congress https://t.co/7s7jKyB9qZ
Partial gov't shutdown expected to run through wknd &amp; much longer. Hse Dems telling mbrs they will be given 24 hrs notice before any votes, pending Senate action on appropriations bills. Hse will send its 2 spending bills to Senate tonight where they will be dead on arrival
The House is now debating a stopgap spending bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security. This is an interim spending measure which funds DHS at current levels through February 8. The bill does not include any new wall money.
Hse adopts bulk of Dem Rules pkg 231-194. 3 Dems opposed: Gabbard, Khanna &amp; Ocasio-Cortez. 3 GOPers voted w/Dems in favor of the pkg: Fitzpatrick, Katko &amp; Reed
The House of Representatives is now debating a combined spending bill to end part of the government government shutdown.		This amalgam of spending bills combines six of seven unresolved appropriations measures and funds them…at brand new levels, through September 30.
Pelosi invites Trump to deliver State of the Union speech on January 29
Hse ok's most of new rules package for 116th Congress. The vote was 234-197. Sets provisions allowing mbrs to don religous headwear in the Hse, makes it easier to suspend the debt limit, harder to force a Spkr election mid-Congress &amp; requires 72 hrs for most bills before voting
Pelosi on Trump &amp; wall: A wall is an immorality. It’s a wall between him and his constituents...he’s a master of diversion
Pelosi on Hse Dems wanting Senate to approve what she says are Senate bills to end shutdown: Weare asking them to take yes for an answer..		Why would they not do that?..		Is it because the President won’t sign it?..		There is something very wrong with this picture
Pelosi: We’re not doing a wall..it’s an old way of thinking
Hoyer on tomorrow’s WH mtg on gov’t shutdown: We’ll go down there. We’ll talk. We’re reasonable people
Hoyer on Hse Dems bills tonight to re-open gov’t: We sense the urgency of opening up the government
Pelosi on bills to end partial gov’t shutdown: We are diligent and persistent in trying to open up government.
House now voting on the new “rules” package for the 116th Congress
WH threatens to veto House Dems spending bills to re-open government. WH: If either H.R. 21 or H.J. Res. 1 were presented to the President, his advisors would recommend that he veto the bill.
Full dramatis personae for the 6:45 et hse Dem presser on gov't shutdown: Pelosi, Hoyer, Appropriations Committee Chair Nita Lowey (D-NY) &amp;	Homeland Security Appropriations Subcommittee Chair Lucille Roybal-Allard (D-CA)
House tonight still plans to debate &amp; vote on 2 bills to end partial gov't shutdown. First bill funds 6 of the unresolved 7 spending bills thru Sept 30. All new spending levels. 2nd bill funds DHS w/no new wall money until Feb 8
First media availability by Pelosi since she became Spkr at 6:45 pm et just off the House flr
House now debating new "rules" pkg for the 116th Congress. Requires a concrete 72 hrs for most bills to be posted for consideration, allows mbrs to wear religious headwear in the Hse chbr &amp; de-weaponizes the debt limit by suspending the debt limit if the Hse adopts a budget
Pelosi expected to speak at Will Rogers Statue at the Capitol on gov’t shutdown around 7 pm et
McConnell on partial gov't shutdown: The Senate will not take up any proposal that does not have a real chance of passing this chamber and getting a presidential signature. Let’s not waste the time. Let’s not get off on the wrong foot, with House Democrats
Mbrs of Congress, friends &amp; family of mbrs now getting their photos taken with Spkr Pelosi. This is a ritual every 2 yrs where they "re-enact" the swearing-in, posing with the Spkr
Trump congratulates Pelosi on becoming Speaker.
Trump now speaking at the podium in the WH. His first appearance in the briefing room. First part of the day was about Article I of the Constitution: Congress. Now we are are onto Article II, the presidency.
Multiple Hill sources tell Fox WH Mtg on shutdown scheduled for 11:30 am et Friday. But House slated to have votes at that time. They just got an invite from the WH
Fox has spoken with multiple Democratic sources here on Capitol Hill. And they tell me that as of the last hour, they have still not received any invitation from the White House for a prospective meeting tomorrow on the partial government shutdown
Spotted at the Capitol for Pelosi's swearing-in, alongside Paul Pelosi, the Speaker's husband: singer Tony Bennett
And we're off. As Dems elect Pelosi as Spkr, NRCC sends out ads targeting new Dem mbrs saying thoey "already sold them out to the radical left &amp; voted to hand the Speaker's gavel to Nancy Pelosi."
New sign up above the Speaker’s Offic https://t.co/eNE3wmF6eZ
Pelosi returns to her office for the first time as Speaker https://t.co/CygxcrabRP
Pelosi: “I call the House to order on behalf of America’s children.” She is now swearing in the entire House en masse
GOP AK Rep Don Young swears-in Pelosi. Pelosi calls up her grandkids &amp; lots of other kids in the chamber for this part of the ceremony
McCarthy &amp; Pelosi both invoke Reagan in their remarks on the House flr. McCarthy when he intros Pelosi. Pelosi in her acceptance speech as Speaker
Pelosi now speaking from the dais after accepting the gavel as the new Spkr
Mbrs of the CA delegation now singing "California Here I Come" as Pelosi and McCarthy stand on the dais. Led by CA Reps Correa, Takano and Vargas.
Pelosi now on the dais with McCarthy as McCarthy will present her with the Speaker's gavel.
Pelosi will be escorted into the chamber shortly. The Dean of the House, Rep. Don Young (R-AK), first elected in 1973, will swear her in. McCarthy will present Pelosi with the gavel. Pelosi will address the House &amp; swear-in the rest of the mbrs
Here is the breakdown in the Speaker vote: 	Pelosi: 220	McCarthy: 192	Jordan: 5	Bustos: 4	Duckworth: 2	Abrams: 1	Biden: 1	Fudge: 1	Kennedy: 1	LewisGA: 1	Massie: 1	MurphyFL: 1	3 present.
Pelosi elected Speaker of the House with 220 votes. Becomes the first person to return to the Speakership since Sam Rayburn in 1955
Speaker vote being tallied. My tally reads Pelosi 219, McCarthy 192. 18 ballots for others. 3 members voting present. Magic nbr should be 214 w/ 431 mbrs reporting in, but 1 absence..&amp; then three present votes. So 214 is what is necessary with 427 members casting ballots BY NAME
Dem NJ Rep Van Drew votes “no” in Spkr race
Dem NJ Rep Sherrill votes for Bustos for Spkr, Dem MN Rep Slotkin votes present, Dem VA Rep Spanberger votes for Bustos
Dem OR Rep Schrader votes for Dem OH Rep Fudge for Spkr
8 votes by name by Dems against Pelosi. One Dem present. Vote still open
Dem NY Rep Rice votes for Fmr GA Dem Gubernatorial nominee Stacey Abrams		Dem NY Rep Rose for Sen Duckworth
Groans from the GOP side of the aisle as Ocasio-Cortez votes for Pelosi for Spkr
Dem UT Rep McAdams votes for Dem FL Rep Murphy for Spkr
Dem PA Rep Lamb votes for Dem MA Rep Kennedy
Dem WI Rep Kind votes for Dem GA Rep Lewis for Spkr
GOP GA Rep Hice votes for Jordan for Spkr
Dem ME Rep Golden votes for Dem IL Rep Bustos for Spkr
Dem TN Rep Cooper votes present. Dem CO Rep Crow votes for Sen Duckworth. Dem SC Rep Cunningham votes for Dem IL Rep Bustos
Acting WH CoS Mulvaney on Hse flr during Spkr vote. Is fmr Hse mbr
In Spkr vote: GOP AZ Rep Biggs votes for Jordan		Dem NY Rep Anthony Brindisi votes for Joe Biden
GOP MI Rep Amash votes for GOP KY Rep Massie for Speaker over McCarthy. A boo is heard on the GOP side of the aisle
Vote underway for Speaker of the House		Oral, alphabetical roll call of Members. They will announce their votes out loud
Schumer in the House chamber for the House Speaker vote
With the retirement of Orrin Hatch, GOP IA Sen Chuck Grassley is now the President Pro Tempore, third in line to the presidency after the VP &amp; Speaker. He is the most sr mbr of the majority party. First elected in 1984
Hse now starting process to elect a Spkr. Dem Caucus Chair Jeffries nominating Pelosi. GOP Conf Chair Cheney nominating McCarthy.
Hse rpts that 431 mbrs are present. That means magic number for Pelosi to win Spkrshp, if all mbrs vote for someone by name, is 216
218 is generally the magic nbr to win Spkrhp. But winner needs an outright majority of all mbrs voting for a candidate by name. Absences &amp; those voting “present” don't count. Pelosi can lose 17 members and still win. We think she will lose fewer votes than that
The House is likely to have 434 members with a vacancy from the 9th District of North Carolina which has still not settled its Congressional race.	The breakdown in the House is likely to be 235 Democrats to 199 Democrats.
Pence now swearing in new members and re-elected senators.
Rep. Emanuel Cleaver (D-MO), an ordained Methodist minister, led the House in the opening prayer to start the 116th Congress. Cleaver spoke of “great tribalism” at home. He said “we pray for inner resources.”		Cleaver implored mbrs to “dedicate ourselves to heal open sores.”
House/Senate now convening to begin the 116th Congress. First order of business is call of the House to take attendance
House adjourns 115th Congress “sine die.” Latin for “no return”.
Hse mbrs gathering in chamber for start of 116th Congress at noon et
As Mike DeBonis of the Washington Post and I spoke with Sen Jeff Flake (R-AZ) about Flake's last moments as a senator, Nancy Pence-Fritsch, who is the mother of Vice President Mike Pence and Rep.-elect Greg Pence (R-IN), came up to introduce herself to Flake.
Flake on Romney’s role, perhaps taking the mantle from him &amp; Corker of senators who criticize Trump:	This is a big voice. A lot of people listen when he speaks
Flake on what Romney wrote about Trump:	There were some familiar points.		Flake on the President’s response to Romney:	There were familiar points there as well (the President has often upbraided Flake on Twitter). It was as you would expect.
Outgoing GOP AZ Sen Flake on the op-ed by Sen.-elect Mitt Romney (R-UT) criticizing President Trump: I liked it. He (Romney) is not here to mark time. I was glad.
As GOPers end 115th Congress &amp; hand over control of Hse to Dems, GOP AR Rep Steve Womack will preside over Hse as it adjourns “sine die,” signaling the end of the Congress. GOP often tapped Womack to preside over major debates in the Hse
Hse expected to elect Pelosi as Spkr on 1st ballot. Vote for Spkr in 1923 went to 9 ballots over 3 days before re-electing Spkr Frederick Gillett. Hse took a month in 1849 to elect Howell Cobb as Spkr. Hse took 2 months &amp; 133 ballots b4 electing Nathaniel Banks as Spkr in 1856
Trump tweet: The Shutdown is only because of the 2020 Presidential Election. The Democrats know they can’t win based on all of the achievements of “Trump,” so they are going all out on the desperately needed Wall and Border Security - and Presidential Harassment...
Outgoing GOP VA Rep Tom Garrett to colleague Elizabeth Zwirz about Hse Ethics rpt. Garrett says Ethics rpt is "sourced by disgruntled former staffers who stood to gain..I'm sorry for the hurt that the lies perpetuated in this staff report wrought upon my wife and children"
From colleague Jenny Buchholz. Rep. Tom Reed (R-NY) indicates that despite being a GOPer, he will vote for the Hse Dems rules pkg today. Is often a party line vote.
New rules in Congress as Democrats take control of the House today https://t.co/7EajQwQDUD
USCP: ALL CLEAR. The USCP has cleared the incident with the Suspicious Package at Louisiana Avenue and Columbus Circle NE. The area has reopened and any associated door or road closures will clear momentarily.
USCP: USCP is continuing to investigate a Suspicious Package at Louisiana Avenue and Columbus Circle NE. Staff and other personnel are directed to AVOID THIS AREA until further notice.
Barring absences, the House will likely start with 434 members. The House has not received a certification for North Carolina’s 9th Congressional district. There are allegations of voter fraud in the race between Republican Mark Harris and Democrat Dan McCready.
Hse today will vote on pkg to fund 6 apps bills to re-open those sections of gov’t for rest of fiscal yr &amp; 2nd bill to fund DHS thru Feb 8 w/no new wall money. McConnell has already dismissed both bills
After Hse picks Spkr, mbrs debate &amp; vote on new “rules” pkg for 116th Congress. Includes provisions about new climate cmte, wearing religious headwear on Hse flr, automatic suspension of debt limit once Hse adopts &amp; budget &amp; requirement mosr bills be posted solid 72 hrs b4 voting
When the House first crowned Pelosi as Speaker in January, 2007, she lost no Democrats. The vote was 233-202. Pelosi returned to the Speakership in January, 2009 with a 255-174 tally. But five members didn’t vote.
Both Gingrich in ‘97 &amp; Boehner in ‘15 won Spkrshp w/outright majorities of entire Hse. But fewer than 218 votes
If Pelosi wins Spkrshp today, she becomes the first encore Spkr since Sam Rayburn in 1955
Pelosi can lose about 22 Dems &amp; still be elected Spkr. Will have some defectors. Should lose 16-17. If Pelosi wins, McCarthy will present her with the gavel. GOP AK Rep Don Young, the Dean of the Hse, will swear Pelosi in. She will then swear-in the whole Hse
In previous Spkr elections, some Hse mbrs have voted for Colin Powell &amp; David Walker, the Comptroller of Currency
Successful candidate for Hse Spkr needs an outright majority of all voting for a candidate by name. Those voting present do not count. Mbrs do not have to vote for Pelosi or McCarthy. May vote for others. Even those who aren’t Hse mbrs
Dem Caucus chair Jeffries will nominate Pelosi for Spkr. GOP Conf Chair Cheney will nominate McCarthy for Spkr. Hse then calls names of each mbr alphabetically. Mbrs rise &amp; call out name of their choice
Hse begins new Congress with a “call of the Hse” taking attendance. New Clerk of the House Cheryl Johnson presides. After Hse takes attendance, 1st order of business is to elect a Spkr.
Pence will come to the Capitol to swear-in the new class of re-elected or freshman senators on the flr. Will be re-enacted as a photo op in old Senate chamber
115th Congress will adjourn “sine die” this morning. That’s Latin for “without a date for resumption.” Is pronounced “sigh-nee DYE.” Under the Constitution, the 116th Congress begins at noon et as government shutdown creeps toward 2 wks
https://t.co/htEVZiQInl
Before the Senate adjourned McConnell &amp; Schumer forged an agreement on a number of nominations. They were approved before the Senate adjourned for the night. Those nominations would die &amp; require renomination if not approved before end of this Congress
There is behind the scenes, senator-to-senator talk about a border wall in exchange for a DACA fix &amp; potentially other immigration provisions. Not ripe yet. But it could be if the shutdown continues.
Hse Dems may like voting to re-open gov't &amp; standing up to Trump &amp; his border. There are lots of liberal Dems. But also many conservative Dems. The latter may be willing to deal as their voters will demand "solutions." Pelosi will have to be mindful of rank-and-file sentiments
Sr Hse GOP mbr to Fox: “I think we are in for the longest government shutdown in history"
McConnell calls Hse Dem bills to fund gov't a "non-starter" &amp; "sideshow." Dems modeled their funding bills after appropriations senators either ok'd on the flr or cmte. Bill to fund DHS thru Feb 8 modeled after bill Senate ok'd on Dec 19 to fund gov't on interim basis thru Feb 8
McConnell says he and Schumer reached a deal to confirm a number of nominees. This must be done before the end of the Congress at noon et tomorrow, when the new Congress begins. Otherwise, they would have to be renominated.
McConnell accuses Hse Democrats of a "sideshow" when they pass their bill tomorrow to re-open the government. Says that the Hse passed bills to fund the government is a "non-starter."
McConnell now speaking on Senate floor after mtg at the White House. McConnell says "one partisan vote in the House is not" going to solve the government shutdown. McConnell does not mention the bill the GOP Hse passed to fund the wall before Christmas.
GOP KY Sen Paul on Fox on Romney criticizing Trump: For Senator Romney to come into the Senate and even before he's sworn-in to call the President dishonest is not productive. I think it's going to backfire on him. I think it's going to backfire on him.
Senate Judiciary Cmte sets confirmation hrngs for Attorney General nominee Wm Barr for aJanuary 15 and 16
From colleague Matt Leach. WH official on mtg w/Congressional ldrs:	The President began the mtg &amp; turned it over to DHS Sec Nielsen to provide info on the border. Just seconds into the briefing – the official says..Schumer leaned over to Pelosi &amp; suggested she interrupt Nielsen
Colleague Matt Leach rpts source says all in WH mtg all believed that House Dems would negotiate once Pelosi won leadership election tomorrow.
McCarthy on gov’t shutdown: It doesn't have to last much longer at all. I think we can come to an agreement rather quickly. I know that's why the president thought maybe after the leadership races he would be more willing to come to an agreement.
McCarthy on briefing DHS Sec Nielsen presented to bipartisan ldrs: Once the secretary started, Senator Schumer interrupted her. They really did want to hear it. They challenged some of the points the secretary made. We are hopeful that we could get more of the negotiation
McCarthy after WH mtg: We had a long discussion. The president asked us to come back on Friday after the leadership races, I think that was a concern for some people to get thourgh.
Schumer after mtg w/Trump: I asked him directly I said Mr. President give me one good reason why you should continue your shunting of these of the eight Cabinet departments, while we are debating our differences on homeland security? He could not give a good answer
Pelosi after WH mtg: Tomorrow we will bring to the floor legislation which will open up the gov’t. It will be based on actions taken by the Republican Senate of bills that have passed on the floor of the Senate by over 90 votes and or in committee unanimously led by..McConnell
Schumer: They are now feeling the heat..today we gave them an opportunity to open the gov’t
Schumer: “We asked the President to support the bills to open up gov’t.” Says Trump could not explain why he wouldn’t accept Dem offer to re-open other parts of gov’t.
Pelosi to GOPers: Why don’t you accept our offer to open up gov’t
Pelosi/Schumer speaking at WH after mtg w/Trump. Pelosi re-asserts Hse Dems will pass bills to re-open gov’t in an effort to put pressure on Senate. Note that Senate has already ok’d those bills in cmte or on flr in some form
McCarthy says there is another mtg at the WH on Friday. Says “hopefully” Dems will make a counter offer Friday
After WH mtg, Scalise says Dems haven’t put a counter offer on the table after shutdown. Dems contend their counter offer was what they made wks ago
McCarthy/Scalise now speaking at WH after mtg on partial shutdown
Colleague Jennifer Bowman rpts McConnell departs WH mtg on border security &amp; gov’t shutdown
Colleague Jennifer Bowman at the White House indicates mtg w/Congressional ldrs may be ending soon
Trump mtg/briefing on border security/wall/government shutdown with bipartisan, bicameral Congressional ldrs now approaching an hr. First time Dems have heard from Trump since before Christmas
Top 8 Congressional ldrs now mtg w/Trump about border security &amp; partial gov't shutdown. Notable that the mtg is in the Situation Room, compared to the very public display a few wks ago w/Trump, Pence, Schumer &amp; Pelosi. Signals a level of seriousness.
Bipartisan, bicameral Congressional leaders departing Capitol soon for 3 pm White House meeting about partial government shutdown
Trump: With Mitt, I hope he’s a team player
Trump upbraids Romney for criticism. Says he hasn’t even gotten sworn-in to the Senate yet
Hse GOPers tell their mbrs no more votes are expected in 115th Congress. Next vote tomorrow in 116th Congress. Call of the House &amp; then vote for Speaker
Trump criticizes Dems for giving $54 billion in foreign aid but won't pay for the wall. Says Dems don't even know the countries who get the foreign aid
Trump on partial gov't shutdown over the border wall: I think the people of this country think I’m right
Trump at cabinet mtg on partial gov't shutdown: It could be a long time..it could end quickly
GOP KY Sen Paul on if there are more senators who take issue with Romney's criticism of Trump:	I think you’ll find more over time. I think the vast majority will wish he hadn’t said it..I think there are quiet discussions now
GOP KY Sen Paul on Romney’s criticism of the President:	Some might say it’s sour grapes, having not won the post himself. Look at how virtuous I am…I am hoping this will be on a one-off.
GOP KY Sen Paul on Romney's criticism of Trump. Says Romney shouldn't have attacked him. Paul on if it's ok for Trump to attack people: 	How the President presents himself is up to him. I don’t think it serves anyone to run around saying they are holier than thou. ‘Look at me.’
Paul on Romney's criticism of Trump:	I think the senator may have misjudged this..the President is still popular in most of their states
GOP KY Sen Paul on Romney’s criticism of the President:	We should really focus in on policy..I don’t the President needs to be attacked by an incoming senator..I think it is an incoming opinion…I think this is misplaced..I think it rings hollow
GOP KY Sen Paul on Romney criticizing Trump:	This is bad for the Republican party and bad for any ability to get things done, when you take the time to attack someone’s character and say they are dishonest and lacking in integrity
What did the 115th Congress accomplish? https://t.co/d3rAfu4BtF
Colleague Brooke Singman rpts Trump to meet in Situation Room w/Congressional ldrs today. Would add “urgency” to mtg. Phones not allowed in Situation Room
Trump tweet: Here we go with Mitt Romney, but so fast! Question will be, is he a Flake? I hope not. Would much prefer that Mitt focus on Border Security..I won big, and he didn’t. He should be happy for all Republicans. Be	 a TEAM player &amp; WIN!
Partial gov’t shutdown continues. Top 8 Congressional ldrs from both parties &amp; both bodies for new Congress invited to WH today for briefing on border security. Most movement since the 1st day of the shutdown 12 days ago
WH's Sanders: The President has invited Republican and Democrat leaders in Congress to the White House for a border security briefing from senior Department of Homeland Security officials on Wednesday, and he remains committed to reaching an agreement..
WH's Sanders: Speaker Designate Nancy Pelosi released a plan that will not re-open the government because it fails to secure the border and puts the needs of other countries above the needs of our own citizens. The Pelosi plan is a non-starter
WH's Sanders: President Trump made a serious, good faith offer to Democrats to open the government, address the crisis at our border, and protect all Americans. We have heard nothing back from the Democrats, who so far have refused to compromise.
Hse Dems rules pkg allows non-voting delegates to Congress to vote in the "Cmte of the Whole," the parliamentary construct where Hse does much of its business. But Hse will revote if delegates ballots affect the vote's outcome. Cannot vote on the flr when it is the full House.
Hse Dems rules pkg attempts to eliminate some fights over the raising the debt ceiling. Under these provisions, the House would suspend the debt ceiling “through September 30 of the budget year” once the House adopts a budget.
Hse Dems rules pkg tightens up provisions under which lawmakers could call for a mid-session vote on Speaker, a tactic explored in 2015 by the House Freedom Caucus in an effort to unseat former House Speaker John Boehner (R-OH).
Hse Dems rules pkg establishes Select Cmte on the Climate Crisis. Cmte lacks legislative teeth wielded by cmte Dems had when they last controlled Hse gives new panel until “March 31, 2020” to make recommendations to other committees for actual policy changes and legislation.
Provision in Hse Dems rules pkgs allows the Spkr “on behalf of the House, to intervene, otherwise appear or take any other steps in Texas v. U.S. or any other case involving the constitutionality or legality of any provision” in Obamacare.
Under Hse Dems new rules pkg, mbrs facing felony indictment punishable by 2 yrs in jail must step down from cmtes. This means GOP NY Rep Chris Collins &amp; GOP CA Rep Duncan Hunter Jr will likely be barred from cmtes, as they await trials facing felony charges.
Under Hse Dems new rules pkg, House members are barred from “sexual relationships” and committee aides “even if that staffer is not his or her direct employee.”
Hse has banned hats in chamber since 19th Century. But Hse Dmes now allow "religious headwear.” Dem FL Rep Wilson still barrred from wearing cowboy hat on flr. But Reps-elect Ilhan Omar (D-MN) &amp; Rashida Tlaib (D-MI) become 1st Muslim women in Congress. Omar wears a hijab
Hse Dems posted text of its 2 bills to re-open gov't late Monday afternoon in anticipation of a vote late Thursday afternoon or evening. From a technical standpoint, some could argue the bill couldn't be posted until Dems had control of the Hse Thurs pm
Under Hse GOP "72 hr" rule, bill could be posted at 11:59:59 pm on Tues &amp; considered at 12:00:01 am on Thurs. Hse Dems new rule requires text “be made publicly available for a full 72 hrs before it is considered." Posted at 5 pm on Tues means it can't come up until 5 pm on Fri.
Hse GOPers often spoke of a "3 day rule" before Hse could consider most legislation. Was actually a "parts of 3 days" rule or a"24 hr &amp; 2 second rule." Hse Dems rules pkg requires most legislative text be available for a full 72 hrs before it is considered.
In Hse Dems rules pkg, Hse will have a “Consensus Calendar.” Must consider 1 piece of legislation per wk if it is backed by 2/3 of mbrs. Presents opportunity for mbrs to go over heads of ldrs &amp; put a bill on the flr, so long as they have a supermajority
In Dems rules pkg, Education and the Workforce Committee is now known as the Committee on Education and Labor. The name change reflects the Democrats interests within the labor movement. Was known by the latter title when Dems last controlled the Hse
Hse Dems rules changes: Hse Oversight &amp; Government Reform Cmtee will now be known as the Cmte on Oversight and Reform. Cmte also clarifies its jurisdiction slightly as it pertains to admin. This is key, considering all of the inquiries Dems intend to conduct of the Trump Admin
Hse will debate &amp; vote on proposed rules changes Thurs after it elects a Spkr. Hse usually creates a new set of "rules" for each Congress. Senate operates on a set of standing rules &amp; precedents.
Notable rules changes contained in Hse Dems rules pkg for 116th Congress. Everything from new names of committees, to what members can wear on the House floor, to Obamacare provisions, to a true “72 rule” before the House can consider legislation.
Blame game over partial government shutdown intensifies https://t.co/Wz6LVIM2LZ
Section by section summary of Hse Dems proposed rules changes for the new Congress. https://t.co/6XuoJDZYKJ
Text of Hse Dems rules pkg for the new Congress. The Hse must vote on and approve a new rules pkg for each Congress. Meantime, the Senate operates on a set of "standing" rules &amp; precedents: https://t.co/fW615CeioP
Hse Dems release their "rules" pkg for the 116th Congress. Must be approved Thurs after the Hse assembles. Lots of changes from how the GOP did things: https://t.co/klojSduDJA
Trump tweet: For FAR TOO LONG..Democrats have been Obstructing more than 350 Nominations. These great Americans left their jobs to serve our Country, but can’t because Dems are blocking them, some for two years..Passed committees, but Schumer putting them on hold. Bad!
Pelosi to Hse Dems on 2 bill pkg to re-open gov't Thurs: We are giving the GOP the opportunity to take yes for an answer. Senate GOPers have already supported this legislation..if they reject it..they will be fully complicit in chaos &amp; destruction of the President’s 3rd shutdown
Pelosi to Hse Dms:  On Thursday, House Democrats will take action to end the Trump Shutdown, as we pass strong, bipartisan legislation to reopen government, which has already received strong bipartisan support in the Senate.
Hill sources deferring to WH in terms of timing &amp; who would prospectively lead DHS briefing tomorrow for Congressional ldrs. One Congressional aide characterized the briefing as “more of a White House stunt than serious attempt to have a discussion” about the shutdown.
A sr Congressional aide tells Fox that leaders were invited to the White House for a briefing with DHS tomorrow. But Fox is told	it could get canceled because not everyone is back in town yet.
Fox is told that the White House generally belives Pelosi is more of a dealmaker than Schumer and believe there is more opportunity to deal to end shutdown once Pelosi assumes the Speakership.
Trump tweet: Border Security and the Wall “thing” and Shutdown is not where Nancy Pelosi wanted to start her tenure as Speaker! Let’s make a deal?
Sourc confirms a “briefing” but not a mtg Wed at WH on border security. Hill sources indicate they have invited the top 2 ldrs of each party from each chamber for the new Congress. 8 total. Would be Pelosi, Hoyer, McCarthy, Scalise, McConnell, Thune, Schumer and Durbin.
Trump tweet: The Democrats, much as I suspected, have allocated no money for a new Wall. So imaginative! The problem is, without a Wall there can be no real Border Security - and our Country must finally have a Strong and Secure Southern Border!
Paul Ryan never wanted to be House Speaker. But as they say in Harry Potter, “the wand chooses the wizard.” https://t.co/CXxoSR8b5b
Trump tweet: MEXICO IS PAYING FOR THE WALL through the many billions of dollars a year that the U.S.A. is saving through the new Trade Deal, the USMCA, that will replace the horrendous NAFTA Trade Deal, which has so badly hurt our Country. Mexico &amp; Canada will also thrive..
Trump tweet: The Democrats will probably submit a Bill, being cute as always, which gives everything away but gives NOTHING to Border Security, namely the Wall. You see, without the Wall there can be no Border Security - the Tech “stuff” is just, by comparison, meaningless...
Top Dem on Senate Apps Cmte Leahy on Hse plan to re-open gov't: While the President has spent days hiding away in the WH &amp; demanding via tweets billions..to build his misguided wall, he has completely cut off funding for the very Dept tasked with securing our border
Incoming Hse Apps Cmte chair Lowey: When the 116th Congress convenes Thursday, our new Democratic majority will take the first step to ending the Trump Shutdown by passing this legislation, which has already garnered strong bipartisan support in the Senate.
Pelosi/Schumer on Dem funding plan: Once the Senate passes this legislation and puts us on a path to reopening government, the President must come to his senses and immediately sign it into law.
Pelosi/Schumer on their gov’t funding plan: It would be the height of irresponsibility and political cynicism for Senate Republicans to now reject the same legislation they have already supported.
Pelosi/Schumer: If Leader McConnell and Senate Republicans refuse to support the first bill, then they are complicit with President Trump in continuing the Trump shutdown and in holding the health and safety of the American people and workers’ paychecks hostage over the wall.
Pelosi/Schumer: The second bill would extend the Department of Homeland Security’s funding through February 8th, which Republicans already supported in recent weeks.
Pelosi/Schumer: Democrats have offered two bills which separate the arguments over the wall from the government shutdown. The first bill would reopen all government agencies except for the Department of Homeland Security – not taking a position on the President’s wall.
Pelosi/Schumer: While President Trump drags the nation into Week Two of the Trump Shutdown and sits in the White House and tweets, without offering any plan that can pass both chambers of Congress, Democrats are taking action to lead our country out of this mess.
Dem senators to Trump: We write to urge you..to reverse your decision to freeze pay rates for non-military federal workers in 2019..your decision further penalizes hard-working federal employees already straining under the impact of the..gov’t shutdown
Trump tweet:...Senator Schumer, more than a year longer than any other Administration in history. These are people who have been approved by committees and all others, yet Schumer continues to hold them back from serving their Country! Very Unfair!
Trump tweet: Heads of countries are calling wanting to know why Senator Schumer is not approving their otherwise approved Ambassadors!? Likewise in Government lawyers and others are being delayed at a record pace! 360 great and hardworking people are waiting for approval from....
Hse Dems pkg to re-open gov’t would tackle six appropriations bills for the rest of the fiscal year. These are brand new bills, not temporary bills and mirror what Senate already completed on the floor or in cmte. 	Hse will couple an interim plan for DHS, running it through Feb 8
Hse Dems plan would open all of gov’t through Sept 30. DHS thru Feb 8 with no new wall money. No money for disaster aid in pkg
House Democrats plan to advance a package to re-open gov’t once get control of the House on Thursday. Will be filed around 3 to 4 pm et today
Even if Hse Dems pass a bill Thurs to re-open gov’t, no guarantee it would clear the Senate &amp; if Trump would sign it. Details of Hse Dems bill unavailable. But it would not include new wall money.
Trump says he wants Dems to come back to vote. But Dems don’t control the House yet. Nothing from Ryan, McConnell, McCarthy. Dems take the Hse noon on Thurs. Have already indicated they will vote that day on some bill to re-open gov’t. Hse/Senate met today in pro forma sessions
Trump tweet: I’m in the Oval Office. Democrats, come back from vacation now and give us the votes necessary for Border Security, including the Wall. You voted yes in 2006 and 3013. One more yes, but with me in office, I’ll get it built, and Fast!
Dem MA Sen Elizabeth Warren launches exploratory committee for prospective 2020 presidential bid
Not that long ago, it seemed like the gov’t would be funded. So did top GOP Congressional leaders. But with President Trump, you never know https://t.co/U6hzLv0QEK
Partial gov’t shutdown continues. House/Senate to meet in brief, pro forma sessions today. Just gavel in, gavel out. No legislative activity
Message from incoming House Majority Whip Jim Clyburn (D-SC). Is telling mbrs they are “expected to be present and voting” on January 3rd on “legislation related to FY19 Appropriations”
Graham on Trump mtg: There's a lot of distrust in town and I guess you can blame both sides for that. But after large I've never been more encouraged. If we can get people talking we can find our way out of this mess.
Graham on mtg w/Trump: He's not a man under siege. The president is firm in his commitment to..get money for border security &amp; there will never be a 60 vote deal in the Senate. That doesn't include money for border security/wall..So the 1 thing we talked about is making deals
Graham at WH on gov’t shutdown: It’s hard to get here from Hawaii, but the phones do work..Democrats says their not going to give a dime for a border wall
Graham on Trump mtg &amp; Syria: I think the president’s trip to lraq was eye opening. ISIS is in s world of hurt but not completely destroyed
Graham on mtg w/Trump on Syria: We’ll see what happens in few weeks. I feel better than I before I had lunch
As Graham heads to tWH today, there is some chatter..strictly between bipartisan senators..about a potential way out of the shutdown $5.7 billion for wall &amp; a DACA fix along with some other immigration provisions. Graham has pushed a bipartiswn DACA fix for a while
Fox confirms that Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) will have lunch with President Trump at the White House and they will discuss Syria.
Pelosi to Hse Dems: It is my firm belief that the existential threat of the climate crisis demands leadership from the entire Congress, from all of the committees of jurisdiction and highlighted by the select committee.
Pelosi: Our Select Committee on the Climate Crisis will spearhead our effort to engage the American people on the urgency of the climate crisis on public health, on reducing air pollution, on the economy for America to be preeminent in green technologies...
Trump tweet: For those that naively ask why didn’t (GOPers) get approval to build the Wall over the last year, it is because IN THE SENATE WE NEED 10 DEMOCRAT VOTES, and they will gives us “NONE” for Border Security! Now we have to do it the hard way, with a Shutdown. Too bad!
Trump tweet: Any deaths of children or others at the Border are strictly the fault of the Democrats and their pathetic immigration policies that allow people to make the long trek thinking they can enter our country illegally. They can’t. If we had a Wall, they wouldn’t even try!
Dem AZ Rep Raul Grijalva: As Secretary Nielsen embarks on her latest photo opportunity and media tour at the Southern Border, she..has no business serving as DHS Secretary..she is unfit to lead. I reiterate my call for her to resign.
Hse Judiciary/Oversight Cmte GOPers:DOJ and FBI’s investigation of..Clinton was over before it began..Comey wrote a statement exonerating Secretary Clinton months before his public announcement doing so.  He did this before the FBI had interviewed nearly two dozen witnesses
Hse Judiciary/Oversight Cmte GOPers: The investigators in both investigations were biased against..Trump..Comey himself stated had he known of their bias, he never would have allowed them to serve on the investigative team..
Hse Oversight/Judiciary Cmte GOPers: Hillary Clinton received unusual treatment from the Obama Justice Department during its investigation of her use of a private email server for sending and receiving classified information.
How to learn all of the new faces on Capitol Hill when the new Congress starts next week https://t.co/5VPVtZ5a6K
Pelosi taps Dem FL Rep Kathy Castor to chair Select Cmte on the Climate Crisis. Cmte does not have direct legislative authority. Pelosi: The American people have demanded action to combat the climate crisis, which threatens our public health, our economy, our national security
Pelosi names Cheryl Johnson Clerk of the House when Dems take over for the 116th Congress in January. Johnson is head of gov't relations for the Smithsonian. Previously worked for Ed &amp; Workforce Cmte &amp; Hse Administration Cmte
The Senate clears an Army Colonel to become General Admiral https://t.co/LMyZHWA91z
Mulvaney on Fox on Congressional Democrats: They simply left town and the President is here. The President canceled his plans. Where's where's Chuck Schumer? Where’s Nancy Pelosi? They're not even talking right now..we don't think they will until after the new Congress is sworn
Mulvaney on Fox: Democrats have simply shut down the discussions they did not even counter us.
Mulvaney on Fox: I met with Ldr Schumer last Saturday..&amp; my gut was that he was really interested in doing a deal and coming to some sort of compromise. But the more we're hearing this week is that it's Nancy Pelosi who's preventing that from happening.
WH’s Sanders says Pelosi is “more willing to protect that (the Speakership)than she is to protect our borders and to protect American’s lives”
Today is day seven of the partial government shutdown. No end in sight. Most mbrs of Congress not even expected back until the new year. No real back channel negotiations
Trump tweet: We will be forced to close the Southern Border entirely if the Obstructionist Dems do not give us the money to finish the Wall &amp; also change the ridiculous immigration laws that our Country is saddled with...
The Anatomy of the Partial Government Shutdown https://t.co/JrNSgbCSVD
Hse GOP will be in minority after New Year. GOP now has a foil w/Pelosi &amp; a border wall fight. Similar playbook GOP used in '09 to oppose Obama &amp; legislative agenda items such as economic stimulus, Dodd-Frank &amp; Obamacare.
Congress all but out of session between now &amp; Jan 3. CapHill phones generally quiet about shutdown. Mbrs aren't in DC. Easy to ignore the shutdown But public will engage after the holidays. Mbrs will get an earful after Jan 3. Expect protesters &amp; more attention if no resolution
Tonight on Jeopardy! The question is “Who is Speaker of the House?” https://t.co/k4lurYnol6
Incoming Hse Dem Cmte chairs on child deaths: We are calling on DHS to preserve any and all evidence related to these horrible incidents. This evidence includes, but is not limited to, medical records, logs of health and welfare checks, and surveillance videos
Top Dem on Hse Armed Svcs Cmte Adam Smith on Trump mtgs w/military: President Trump must not take actions to politicize the..military..The President has a history of crossing that line. It is wrong to put servicemembers in such a position..&amp; undermines..democratic principles
Dem MA Rep Jim McGovern said he thought there was an agreement to fund the gov't last "until the president, you know, went off his meds and who the hell knows what happened.
Dem MA Rep McGovern on shutdown: I think it is an embarrassment anytime the government is shut down,
Dem MA Rep McGovern on what he'd like in a bill next wk from Hse Dems to re-open gov't: Iwould like to fund the government for  the rest of the year given the fact that the appropriation bills that are contained in the resolution that aren’t controversial.
Dem MA Rep McGovern on what bill Hse Dems will bring up next wk to re--open gov't: That’s still a work in progress. But the bottom line is we've got to re on the government - a vote to reopen the government. That’s what the American people want.
Dem MA Rep McGovern on his effort to get recognition on the flr to bring up bill to fund gov't: I thought that was a reasonable request. I wasn’t even given the courtesy of being recognized on the House floor which is unprecedented..I was ignored.
Dem MA Rep McGovern on trying to get recognition on the flr during Hse session: I was trying to re-open the government . I was trying to get recognition for unanimous consent request to bring a resolution to the floor, to bring up a clean continuing resolution &amp; end the shutdown
Pelosi spox Drew Hammill: With the House Majority, Democrats will act swiftly to end the Trump Shutdown, and will fight for a strategic, robust national security policy, including strong and smart border security, and strong support for our servicemembers and veterans
Pelosi spox Drew Hammill: Democrats have offered Republicans three options to re-open government that all include funding for strong, sensible, and effective border security – but not the President's immoral, ineffective and expensive wall.
WH's Sanders: The President..stayed in Washington over Christmas hoping to negotiate a deal that would stop the dangerous crisis on the border..The Democrats decided to go home..the Democrat party is openly choosing to keep our government closed to protect illegal immigrants
Dem MA Rep McGovern says he expects Dem-controlled Hse to pass something Jan 3 to re-open gov't. But unclear on what it will look like, Mentions they could add disaster aid. McGovern says Trump caused the shutdown because he “went off his meds"
Rep. Jim McGovern (D-MA) tried to et recognition for the House to consider a bill to re-open the government, but was not recognized by Rep. Luke Messer (R-IN) who presided.
Meadows: It's very possible when the Dems take control they will try to send something that has zero money for the wall..I've talked to the president. I've looked him in the eyes..he believes that border security &amp; making our community safer is one of his constitutional mandates
Meadows: I can tell you that a number of us that are having real conversations with our Democrat colleagues on what we can find in common with them in terms of priorities..I'm hopeful that we'll find common ground.
Senate pro forma session ran 3 minutes and 52 seconds. House pro forma session ran 2 minutes and 42 seconds.
And with that, the House/Senate out until 10 am on Monday.		After that, the Senate will then next convene at 4 pm et on January 2nd
GOP KS Sen Pat Roberts presiding over Senate pro forma session after prayer from Senate Chaplain Barry Black.
House/Senate now meeting in pro forma sessions. Gavel in. Gavel out	GOP IN Rep Messer presiding. Also on flr GOP TX Rep Burgess, Dem MA Rep McGovern &amp; Dem PA Rep Scanlon
Feinstein calls on incoming Judiciary Cmte chair Graham for hrngs on children deaths at the border: Our committee is uniquely situated to examine these issues and I hope we can schedule a hearing immediately in the new year.
Hse GOP ldrs tell mbrs no votes are expected in the House this week.
Meadows says “the needle has moved toward a very long shutdown.”
Meadows says he is “not as optimistic” as he was a few days ago at ending shutdown soon. Says Trump made “several reasonable offers”
Trump tweet: The Democrats OBSTRUCTION of the desperately needed Wall, where they almost all recently agreed it should be built, is exceeded only by their OBSTRUCTION of 350 great people wanting &amp; expecting to come into Gov't after being delayed for more than two years..
Trump tweet: The reason the DACA for Wall deal didn’t get done was that a ridiculous court decision from the 9th Circuit allowed DACA to remain, thereby setting up a Supreme Court case..Dems dropped deal - and that’s where we are today, Democrat obstruction of the needed Wall.
The gov't shutdown dispute is over new wall money. The March agreement provided for $1.3b in wall funding. That would be operable under a CR or interim agreement. But the fight is over NEW money.
Office of Dem TX Rep All Green: "Congressman Al Green’s Houston congressional office was burglarized. Local and federal authorities have been notified. More information will be provided at a later time."
Some GOPers tell Fox they are willing to bide their time w/gov't shutdown &amp; wait for Pelosi to become Spkr at this time next wk. Then they can try to project some of the blame on her for the shutdown. GOP will have a new foil. GOP has used Pelosi as a foil for yrs
One wk from today, expect Hse Dems, now in the majority, to advance a "clean" bill to fund gov't &amp; end the shutdown. Would likely pass. But Senate needs 60 votes. Senate likely to balk at any bill w/o wall money, even though it unanimously agreed to a bill like that last wk
At this time next wk, Dems will control the Hse to start the 116th Congress. The Hse will lbe in the middle of an oral vote, in alphabetical order to elect a new Spkr. Pelosi expected to win. But expect GOPers to immediately blame her for the shutdown &amp; an unwillingness to budge
Even if Hse/Senate recalled rank and file members to Washington amid shutdown, it’s unclear how many people would even show up.
On the shutdown, It’s in the interest of Democrats to drag this out into the new Congress where GOPers have little leverage. Meantime, it’s in the interest of Republicans to deal soon..because they lose control of the House a week from today.
Expect a skeleton crew for Hse/Senate sessions today Few mbrs are even in DC right now. It was thought yhere could be a slight chance to get movement today since this was the 2st time Hse/Senate have been back since before Christmas. But things are locked in a cryogenic freeze
Hse/Senate both slated to meet at 4 pm et today in what we call “pro forma” sessions. No legislative business is expected. They just gavel in. Gavel out. Under the Constitution, the Hse/Senate must meet at three day intervals unless there’s an agreement by both bodies to adjourn.
There is no movement at all to end the partial government shutdown. No back channel negotiation. Nothing. 		A member of the House Republican leadership indicated to Fox that they thought there would be no resolution until the new year.
Hse/Senate to meet in pro forma sessions today with no business scheduled. This is the first mtg since before Christmas. Just gavel in, gavel out. No movement so far toward ending the partial shutdown
RNC Chair McDaniel: When have the Democrats ever supported our men and women serving at the border? It’s just shameful and Chuck Schumer owns this 100 percent, Nancy Pelosi owns this 100 percent. Republicans and the President are fixing the problem.
Trump on shutdown: We need a wall. So when you say how long, when are the Democrats going to say...they need border security..All agree we need a wall.
Feinstein to CPB chief McAleenan: I am writing to voice my strong concern about the recent deaths and illnesses of children detained in Border Patrol custody, and to request a full accounting and a revised protocol to prevent such tragedies from occurring in the future
Trump says if anyone attacks the US they will “suffer consequences like nobody has ever seen before. Fact.”
Trump on how long shutdown will run: Whatever it takes. We need a wall. We need safety for our country. Even from this standpoint. We have terrorists coming in through the southern border.
Trump on US generals &amp; Syria: They said again, recently, can we have more time? I said, ‘Nope.’ You can’t have any more time. You’ve had enough time. We’ve knocked them out. We’ve knocked them silly..The United States cannot continue to be the policeman of the world.
Trump concludes trip to Iraq. En route to a 2nd unannounced stop
DHS Sec Nielsen: We do not currently have the resources we need to execute the mission as directed by Congress  To those in Congress who continue to refuse to take action to address the loopholes that..place children at risk, I once again call on you to do your job,
DHS Sec Nielsen: All children in Border Patrol custody have been given a thorough medical screening..all children will receive a more thorough hands on assessment at the earliest possible time post apprehension – whether or not the accompanying adult has asked for one
DHS Sec Nielsen: I have directed a series of extraordinary protective measures. I have personally engaged with the Centers for Disease Control to request that their experts investigate the uptick in sick children crossing our borders...
DHS Sec Nielsen: This tragedy, the death of a child in government custody is deeply concerning and heartbreaking. In the last 24 hours, I have a directed a series of additional actions to care for those who enter our custody.
Colleague Bill Mears rpts most federal courts &amp; judiciary branch activities can operate through Jan 11 "using court fee balances and other funds not dependent on a new appropriation." Courts could have to operate under the Anti-Deficiency Act" after Jan 11 if shutdown continues
Pelosi: Dems call on Homeland Security’s IG to immediately open an investigation into Felipe Alzono-Gomez’s death..Congress will also investigate this tragedy &amp; the..death of Jakelin Amei Rosmery Caal Maquin, to seek justice &amp; ensure that no other child is left to such a fate
Pelosi: The tragic death of an innocent child on Christmas Day breaks the hearts of all.		We all have a moral responsibility to ensure all children of God are treated with compassion and decency.  The death now of two children in U.S. custody is unconscionable.
WH: President Trump and the First Lady traveled to Iraq late on Christmas night to visit with our troops and Senior Military leadership to thank them for their service, their success,  and their sacrifice and to wish them a Merry Christmas.
Hoyer: I am heartbroken by the tragic news that another child has died in the custody of federal agents...After the new Democratic Majority begins, the House will hold hearings on this young boy’s death and the death of seven-year-old Jakelin Caal earlier this month
On the partial gov’t shutdown, the big question remains...what will the Democrats accept and what would President Trump sign?		No movement so far. 		This likely means things run until after the New Year and into the new Congress on January 3 unless there is some real action soon
The only reason we THINK there is a minor chance there could be movement to end shutdown is fact we are now through Christmas &amp;sometimes that starts to move people back into action. Today is the first real workday since the weekend shutdown which impacts the federal workforce.
It is unclear at this writing if there will be any bona fide negotiations or key members and administration officials huddling at the Capitol to end shutdown.
Very little has moved since Friday night on the partial gov’t shutdown. 	Hse/Senate are scheduled to meet in pro forma sessions Thursday at 4 pm et with no legislative business scheduled. We expect a skeleton crew on hand and no immediate effort to recall mbrs to vote on anything
Dem NM Rep-elect Torres Small on the latest death of a child in CPB custody: We need a thorough and transparent investigation into these children's deaths...Children dying in the custody of the United States of America is unacceptable. It has to stop now.
Dem NM Rep-elect Xochitl Torres Small: We lost another child along our border. Six days before his death, I visited the place where Jakelin Caal entered the United States and was detained. Jakelin, like this young boy, died while in the custody of CPB. This is inexcusable
The road to a partial government shutdown https://t.co/yNeafQfxTd
Trump on if $5 billion request for the wal and nonnegotiable: It’s complicated. We’re getting $25 billion now. It’s already approved. But that’s for everything. That’s for homeland security. That includes as we say the bells and whistles…We want the wall money to be increased.
Trump on shutdown: I would like to be in Palm Beach but I just didn’t want be there when other people are hurting..it's going to all work out. Many of those workers have communicated and said stay out until you get funding for the wall
Trump on shutdown: I can't tell you whether it's going to be open..it can't be open until we have a wall a fence
Government shutdowns at Christmas..and what sometimes ends shutdowns stalemates.  https://t.co/VfZDMCfSHk
At the WH on Christmas Eve, Trump says there is “nothing new” when	asked about the partial gov’t shutdown.
Christmas Carols at the Capitol https://t.co/UeLrZtAj9V
Pelosi/Schumer: The president wanted the shutdown but he seems not to know how to get himself out of it. As long as the president is guided by the..Freedom Caucus, it’s hard to see how he can come up with a solution that can pass both the House and Senate &amp; end his Trump Shutdown
Pelosi/Schumer:..different people from the same White House are saying different things about what the president would accept or not accept to end his Trump Shutdown, making it impossible to know where they stand at any given moment.
Pelosi/Schumer: Instead of bringing certainty into people’s lives, he’s continuing the Trump Shutdown just to please right-wing radio and TV hosts. Senate and end his Trump Shutdown.
Pelos/Schumer: It's Christmas Eve and President Trump is plunging the country into chaos. The stock market is tanking and the president is waging a personal war on the Federal Reserve – after he just fired the Secretary of Defense.
Trump tweet: I am all alone (poor me) in the White House waiting for the Dems to come back &amp; make a deal on desperately needed Border Security. At some point the Dems not wanting to make a deal will cost our Country more money than the Border Wall we are all talking about. Crazy!
GOP KS Sen Roberts: “This is my fifth shut down.. LBJ said sometimes you just have to hunker down like a jackass in a hailstorm and just take it. That's about where we are.”
From colleague Jason Donner. GOP KS Sen Pat Roberts. The only senator in the Senate today. Roberts on how long the shutdown will run: “I don’t know. I don't think anybody else does. We need to get something that the president will sign and then we'll move pretty quickly.”
House/Senate both done with pro forma sessions today. Back on Dec 27 for what are expected to be pro forma sessions with no legislative business unless there is a deal to re-open gov’t. But little movement expected between now &amp; then. Talks are at a stalemate.
Rep. Alex Mooney (R-WV) presided over today’s pro forma House session. Gavel in. Gavel out
Colleague Jason Donner rpts GOP KS Sen Pat Roberts will preside over today’s pro forma Senate session
Hse/Senate mtg in pro forma sessions today w/no business scheduled. Under the Constitution, Hse/Senate must meet at 3 day intervals unless they pass an adjournment resolution giving one body, the other or both the ability to leave for a period longer than 3 days
House &amp; Senate to both meet in pro forma sessions today with no business scheduled. No deal on ending shutdown. Just gavel in, gavel out. Skeleton crew on hand. Next opportunity to move something will be Dec 27
Fox is told that decision to include Senate Appropriations Committee Chair Shelby in WH lunch yesterday was an effort to get Shelby to hear just how steeled conservatives were in their positions and how much they want the wall
Multiple sources say to expect a very long shutdown unless the dynamics change, perhaps lasting deep into January. That’s because neither side truly has an exit ramp in mind...yet.
Some sr Congressional we’re optimistic they could get a deal Friday on gov’t shutdown after Senate secured votes to get onto the bill. But in reality, a deal was not even close. Both sides are dug in deeply now.
Corker tweet back at Trump: Yes, just like Mexico is paying for the wall... #AlertTheDaycareStaff
Trump tweet: Bob Corker was responsible for giving us the horrible Iran Nuclear Deal, which I ended, yet he badmouths me for wanting to bring our young people safely back home.	 Bob wanted to run &amp; asked for my endorsement. I said NO and the game was over.	#MAGA I LOVE TENNESSEE!
Trump tweet:..Corker just stated that, “I’m so priveledged to serve in the Senate for twelve years, and that’s what I told the people of our state that’s what I’d do, serve for two terms.” But that is Not True - wanted to run but poll numbers TANKED when I wouldn’t endorse him..
Meadows on Fox: The sticking point is really that Nancy Pelosi is driving most of this negotiation. You would think it would be Chuck Schumer but..it seems like Nancy Pelosi is actually the..Minority Leader in the Senate. And so they've come at an impasse
Colleague Mike Emanuel rpts Dems have been involved in real negotiations w/Senate Apps Cmte chair Shelby. But Dem source says WH dismissed it because of concerns by Freedom Caucus mbrs
Colleague Mike Emanuel rpts the latest WH offer to Dems was $2.1 billion for border security including new fencing, plus $400 million. This is what has been termed by Dems as a “slush fund.”
Mulvaney on Fox on the Syria withdrawal: We recognize that this isn’t popular inside the Beltway..it’s popular with the American people..the fact the the decision is not popular with some people is more their problem, not his (Trump’s)
On Fox, Mulvaney says the relationship between Trump and Mattis had “been fraying”
On Fox, Mulvaney says “a border wall is absolutely necessary which is why we are having the battle” over the partial shutdown
On Fox, Mulvaney says “the ball is in their corner” when speaking about the Democrats and the shutdown
On Fox, Mulvaney says Pelosi’s “dynamic is in play here” on gov’t shutdown as she needs to wrap up the Speaker’s job first. On wall, Mulvaney says WH “moved off from the $5b. We hope they move up from the $1.3b”
Mulvaney on Fox. Says Dems “are moving in the wrong direction.” Unclear if a deal can be cut before the new Congress.
Mulvaney on Fox. Says administration gave a “counter-offer” to Schumer Saturday. Says things won’t “move very quickly” for the next several days. Mulvaney says “it’s very possible this shutdown will go beyond the 28th and into the new Congress”
A full moon on Capitol Hill https://t.co/rR72PNmjBp
Trump tweet: I will not be going to Florida because of the Shutdown - Staying in the White House! #MAGA
White House Chief of Staff Mick Mulvaney to appear tomorrow on Fox News Sunday amid partial government shutdown
Hse done for the day. Pro forma session at 10:30 am on Dec 24. We expect the House to follow the lead of the Senate and meet in some capacity on December 27. But the House usually doesn’t set things up in advance like that. No resolution to shutdown until 27th at the earliest
House now back in session. Ryan presiding.
WH's Sarah Sanders: "Due to the shutdown, President Trump will remain in Washington, D.C. and the First Lady will return from Florida so they can spend Christmas together.”
Meadows on when gov't shutdown is resolved: I don't know that there's a whole lot of progress that has been made between the two sides. And I know that the president is prepared for a very long gov't shutdown..he's prepared for a longer battle based on the negotiations so far
Meadows on if fight over border wall is over semantics: This is not over the definition of what we call it. This is over the definition of what it is and it's border security and the Democrats seem intent on making sure that this president does not secure our border.
From colleague Jason Donner. Meadows on mtg w/Trump: The president is is very resolved in making sure that we secure our border..we've been very firm w/conservatives in believing that we need $5 to 5.7 billion for the wall
Pelosi to Hse Dems: Until President Trump can publicly commit to a bipartisan resolution, there will be no agreement before January when the new House Democratic Majority will swiftly pass legislation to re-open government.
Pelosi letter to Hse Dems: GOPers shut down the gov't. While GOP Ldrs have informed us that they will provide 24 hours notice before any floor action, if nothing happens today, it is unlikely that there will be any progress to end the Trump Shutdown in the next several days.
House has still not adjourned for the day. Is out subject to the call of the chair. Will likely reconvene and set pro forma sessions at various intervals over the next few days as partial gov't shutdown continues.
Without fanfare on the Senate floor, the Senate just cleared Army Col. Kevin Admiral to become a Brigadier General.		That’s right. 		There is now a Brigadier Gen. Admiral		You can’t make this stuff up.
Things you find in a Capitol garbage bin: https://t.co/SyPv2JE3mb
The bill to re-open the gov't is in the Senate's court &amp; Schumer has been slightly more public in the negotiations than Pelosi. But the two leaders are equally engaged &amp; Fox is told that Schumer has been checking with Pelosi to see what she can accept
Pelosi leaves Capitol for the day. Pelosi on the new offer Pence made to Schumer on the partial government shutdown:	He’ll (Schumer) have to speak to that.		Pelosi on the state of play:	People are still talking
Schumer spokesman on Schumer/Pence mtg on gov’t shutdown: The Vice President came in for a discussion and made an offer. Unfortunately, we're still very far apart.
House has not adjourned for the day. It remains in recess subject to the call of the chair. Likely to be in pro forma sessions at various intervals the next few days until there is a deal on government funding.
McConnell: We’re going come back in on a pro forma only on Christmas Eve and then another pro forma on the 27th and if an agreement is reached then we’ll come back and finish it.
Pence/Mulvaney leave the Capitol after final mtg with McConnell
Two dynamics to watch during the partial shutdown:		2) It behooves Republicans to get a deal as soon as possible. Democrats gain control of the House at noon et on January 3. A deal before then is better for Republicans
Two dynamics to watch during the partial shutdown:		1) behooves Democrats to stretch the negotiations out as long as possible. Democrats gain control of the House at noon et on January 3. No deal by then is bad for Republicans
Pence now in McConnell’s office after mtg with Shelby. I ask Pence where they stand: “We’re still talking. Still talking.”
McConnell: I am glad that productive discussions are continuing. When those negotiations produce a solution that is acceptable to all parties—which means 60 votes in the Senate, a majority in the Hse &amp;!a presidential signature	—at that point, we will take it up here
McConnell on if the Dec 24th-27th Senate mtgs means a shutdown runs through the 27th at least. He wouldn’t commit to that, replying “Anything can happen”
McConnell indicates that BOTH December 24 and December 27 sessions could be pro forma sessions. But am told both sessions COULD be turned into legislative sessions IF they have a deal to re-open government
McConnell’s office now indicating that December 27 could even be a pro forma session without business..if there is nothing legislatively to tackle on the shutdown
Senate done for the day. No action to end shutdown until at least December 27. McConnell says the Senate returns for a pro forma session on December 24 at 11 am. 	McConnell:	The next scheduled session is on the 27th (4 pm et).
Trump tweet: The crisis of illegal activity at our Southern Border is real and will not stop until we build a great Steel Barrier or Wall. Let work begin!
From colleague Jason Donner. Shelby after the WH lunch, on Trump’s mood: “It was nice. Seemed to be exuberant at lunch.”
Shelby:	I don’t think it’s imminent that we’re going to reach a deal 		Shelby on a deal today:	There’s always hope...it would be difficult..We’re not there there yet		Shelby on if there was a discussion about Syria in the lunch:	It came up. You know Lindsey. He brought it up
Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Shelby who was in the WH lunch: I don’t think it’s imminent that we’re going to reach a deal		Shelby on what the administation wants:	He’s working around $5 billion, one way or another (he would not expland on what that meant)
No comments from Pence and Mulvaney as they arrive to meet with Schumer at the Capitol
Pence/Mulvaney arrive to talk to Schumer about shutdown. WH asked for meeting with Schumer https://t.co/QSxHr4J14z
Vice President Pence  &amp; Mulveney arrives at the Capitol to meet with Schumer
Colleague Ellison Barber rpts acting CoS Mulvaney to join Pence at Schumer mtg
Very little movement on gov’t shutdown talks. Sides still unresolved between $1.3 billion and $1.6 billion for wall. Shutdown could last beyond Christmas
Schumer spokesperson:		“Schumer is meeting with VP Pence at the White House’s  request. He expects to get a readout of the White House lunch. Schumer intends to remind the Vice President that any proposal with funding for the wall cannot pass the Senate.”
Colleague Matt Leach rpts WH mtg with Congressional conservatives about wall concludes
Pence expected soon to the Capitol
The fact the President is meeting with the hardline conservatives on the border wall &amp; not Dems or even key GOP leaders tells us they are far away from a deal. A session between the President and these figures could steel Mr. Trump’s resolve against a compromise on the wall
Attendees at WH lunch: Trump, Pence, Mulvaney, Kushner, aide Shahira Knight, 	Senator Mike Lee 	Senator Lindsey Graham	Senator Richard Shelby	Representative Mark Meadows	Representative Jim Jordan 	Representative Matt Gaetz 	Representative Andy Biggs
There could be a problem for Hse GOP after Hse ok'd bill which provided $5 billion in wall $. Deal on wall money which is less than $5 billion could spark another rebellion among conservatives. “We often have that problem when we over-conservatize,” said sr Hse GOP ldrshp aide
Fox is told Trump could view as a poison pill in gov't funding bill a Democratic request for Puerto Rico disaster assistance...which Fox is told the President might not like.
On gov't shudown, a senior Republican Congressional leadership source tells Fox that the sides are “swapping paper” but the offers don’t “seem real yet.” Border wall still flashpoint. Dems not willing to deal on the wall.
On gov't shutdown, Schumer says Dems are "open to discussing any proposal as long as they do not include anything for the wall"
Schumer: If you want to open the government you must abandon the wall plain and simple.
A wild car chase and shootout at the Capitol in October, 2013 brought to a hasty end a two-and-a-half week shutdown over defunding Obamacare. One USCP officer hurt in mayhem. Mbrs felt badly that USCP was risking life &amp; limb &amp; not getting paid. Shutdown then quickly ended
"Events" sometimes spark quick ends to gov't shutdowns. Such was the case with the January shutdown when Democrats quickly folded during the weekend shutdown after it was found that they were getting killed at the polls.
The late British Prime Minister Harold Macmillan said that the most important factor in politics was “events.”		We have seen previous instances where “events” expeditiously spark resolution to these crises and end shutdowns.
Negotiations continue offstage to resolve shutdown. What is ironic is that the majority of lawmakers are not here. Mostly staff and journalists. The lawmakers are at home for the holidays, ready for a potential recall.
Shutdown is not going to be solved anytime soon unless there is a major breakthrough late today where the sides could vote tomorrow or even on Christmas Eve day.
Multiple senior House Republican sources tell Fox they really don’t think there will be any resolution to the partial government shutdown for a while, with no votes at least until December 27 or 28.
McConnell says he’s “glad productive discussions are still continuing…when we reach a solution acceptable to all parties, it will reach a solution on the Senate floor”
McConnell says he hopes a deal is “reached sooner rather than later.”
Colleague Jason Donner rpts McConnell says he is not going to WH. McCarthy is here &amp; is not going to WH either
The Hse went into recess subject to the call of the chair so fast that Hoyer was not able to make his unanimous consent request to pass bill to re-open gov’t and fund things thru Feb 8
Ryan, as he walked quickly through Statuary Hall. I ask how they end the shutdown. "It goes over there," said Ryan, pointing toward the Senate side of the Capitol. "Over there. You know that."
Senate in session. McConnell talking on the floor. House recesses subject to the call of the chair
Trump tweet: Will be having lunch in White House residence with large group concerning Border Security.
Trump tweet: I am in the White House, working hard. News reports concerning the Shutdown and Syria are mostly FAKE. We are negotiating with the Democrats on desperately needed Border Security (Gangs, Drugs, Human Trafficking &amp; more) but it could be a long stay.
Hoyer heading to the flr to ask unanimous consent to take up stopgap bill to re-open the government and fund it through February 8
Ryan here. Presiding over House session amid partial government shutdown.
House/Senate meeting for first time since partia shutdown started overnight		Expect little more than speeches if that day. Skeleton crew on hand today at the Capitol. Few members are even here.
Hse/Senate both meet at noon et today amid partial shutdown. But only a skeleton crew remains on CapHill. Many mbrs left, not expecting to be recalled for until after Christmas. Best case scenario is deal which is considered late Sunday. Some sources expect a long shutdown
Lawmakers will be paid during the shutdown. Congress already approved the legislative branch appropriations bill. 27th Amendment to the Constitution bars “varying the compensation” for lawmakers “until an election of Representatives shall have intervened.”
Even though the spending bill which funds the Justice Dept is not approved, the Mueller probe would not cease during the shutdown. Is funded as a permanent, indefinite appropriations funding independent/special counsels (28 USC 591)
Pelosi/Schumer: If President Trump and Republicans choose to continue this Trump Shutdown, the new House Democratic majority will swiftly pass legislation to re-open government in January.
Pelosi/Schumer: Democrats have offered GOPers multiple proposals to keep the gov’t open, including one that already passed the Senate unanimously &amp; all of which include funding for strong, sensible, and effective border security – not the president's ineffective &amp; expensive wall
Pelosi/Schumer: President Trump has said more than 25 times that he wanted a shutdown and now he has gotten what he wanted.
Pelosi/Schumer: Regrettably, America has now entered a Trump Shutdown. GOPers control the House, the Senate &amp; the White House..President Trump threw a temper tantrum and convinced Hse GOPers to push our nation into a destructive Trump Shutdown in the middle of the holiday season
Semantic game already underway on Capitol Hill. Is it “partial government shutdown” or a “lapse in appropriations?”
Last time there were three shutdowns in a year came in late 1995. 3 standoffs over spending between President Bill Clinton and House Speaker Newt Gingrich
Partial government shutdown now underway. Third version of a shutdown this calendar year
Trump: We are going to have a shutdown. There is nothing we can do about that because we need Democrats to give us their votes..the shutdown hopefully  will not last long
White House projecting confidence they can secure a deal. But sources on both sides of the aisle on CapHill say they think this could take a while and we could be in for a long shutdown.
A Democratic source says none of the $2.6 billion or none of the $900 million would go for the wall.
If they forge a deal, a vote to end shutdown would likely start Sunday in the senate. Hse could follow that night, if not in wee hours of Christmas Eve Day. That is reminiscent of the pre-dawn vote on the first version of Obamacare on Christmas Eve Day in 2009.
Fox is told the President would accept the increase in wall funding to about $2.6b. The administration believes it can still find additional money for the wall squirreled away across various federal programs.
Fox is told there is possibility that the package, once finalized, could be agreed to via unanimous consent or voice vote in the Senate. But it would definitely get 60 yeas if necessary. Provisions could be plugged into bill Senate proceeded to today
There are a host of non brick and mortar provisions on which they could use the $2.5 billion. Wall repair, technology and border crossings are some of them.
There is a partial government shutdown and they are fighting over about $900 million. That is the equivalent of pocket lint in Washington, DC. 	So, a total border security/wall package could be about $2.5 billion.
The Senate bill is the base bill for funding. It allocated $1.6 billion for the wall. But, it did not spend all money available under sequestration caps. So, there’s about $900 million (M) available. The question is how much of that $900 million can go to the wall?
WH/CapHill aiming for a tentative agreement on ALL SEVEN outstanding appropriations bills for the rest of the fiscal year. No stopgap through February. In other words, full funding, with brand new bills through September 30, 2019. Big debate remains over wall and non-wall money.
Fox is told by a senior source close to the negotiations that they will aim to “see by Sunday morning if there is a center of gravity” toward nailing down a deal to end partial shutdown.
Negotiations are continuing. Saturday is likely to be a pretty dull “public” day on CapHill with paper being exchanged. The House and Senate will be in. Don’t expect much on the floors except speechifying. But Sunday will be key.
Gov't will dip into a partial shutdown at midnight. Impasse will last a few days. That’s because most Hse mbrs have now fled Washington. The same with many senators. Congressional leaders have told lawmakers they’ll have at least 24 hours to scramble back.
Where we stand with a partial government shutdown https://t.co/iYM9qmczmr
A look at a partial government shutdown https://t.co/4nysrLsJsf
Pence leaves the Capitol after lengthy day of talks about wall,  government funding and tiebreaker vote to put House’s spending bill on the Senate floor
Shelby on how close they are to a deal:	We’ll either know later tonight or in the morning maybe		Shelby on wall number:	I’m not going to tell you what we offered		Shelby:	Would there be a resolution toward midnight? Probably slim
Senate Apps Cmte Chair@Shelby on if they can trust the President to sign something they agreed to:	We would all have to have assurances that the President would agree to what we agree to and he would sign it.
Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Richard Shelby: We don’t have a deal. We are still talking.		Shelby:	It’s getting late		Shelby:	There are a lot of moving parts around here. We’re trying to get them moving together down the same road
Senate follows House’s lead. Adjourns until noon on Satuday. Partial government shutdown just after midnight et
McConnell on gov’t funding bill: I’ve said repeatedly we need democratic votes and a presidential signature.
From colleague Jason Donner. McConnell as he leaves the Capitol: “I think constructive talks are under way.”
From colleague Caroline McKee. Flake: Most of the conversation today has been in process and not the negotiations themselves..The House bill is dead. And the agreement we have, is that the reason we wanted it to proceed is to keep the vehicle alive for negotiations.
Pence still on the Hill. Now meeting with Mulvaney and Senate Apps Cmte chair Shelby in the VP’s office at the Capitol
To be clear, we have seen shutdowns start from a technical standpoint after the deadline if there is no agreement. In April, 2011, Hse did not vote on an interim spending bill to fund the government until after the midnight deadline. Obama didn't sign the bill until the next day
A shutdown is assured because there is no bill to fund parts of the government beyond 11:59:59 pm et tonight &amp; the Hse is out. Negotiations continue behind the scenes. But nothing can move through the House.
Partial government shutdown assured at midnight et because the House has adjourned until noon et Saturday. Negotiations continue behind the scenes. But there is no bill which can move through the Hse tonight. Hse GOP says they would give mbrs 24 notice ahead of votes.
Schumer: Democrats have offered three proposals to keep the government open, including a proposal offered by Leader McConnell that passed the Senate unanimously only a few days ago.
McCarthy: I think there is an opportunity here where they could find common ground..I would not like to go into a shutdown…		McCarthy:	Our government best works when we find compromise.
Trump tweet: Some of the many Bills that I am signing in the Oval Office right now. Cancelled my trip on Air Force One to Florida while we wait to see if the Democrats will help us to protect America’s Southern Border!
Corker helped broker agreement to get the votes so the Senate could actually call up the House passed bill. Worked with McConnell/Schumer &amp; Pence, Mulvaney &amp; Kushner. The deal is no other votes in the Senate until they have a final deal
Corker says no more votes “until a global agreement is reached”
The vote was 48-47 with Pence’s ballot &amp;was the longest vote in Senate history.		Sen. Doug Jones (D-AL) voted yes as did Sen. Jeff Flake (R-AZ), which was key. 		McConnell:	When an agreement is reached it will receive a vote here on the floor		Senate now formally on the bill
Pence breaks tie to get Senate onto House approved spending bill	Vice President Pence has just broken a 47-47 tie in the Senate on the motion to proceed to the House approved spending bill with the money for the wall.
Flurry of action as the procedural vote now becomes the longest in Senate history. Flake, Jones (a Dem), and Corker all just voted aye. Udall voted no. Vote is now tied.
From a senior House Republican source on movement regarding a potential spending package for gov't and wall: 	There is a sense of optimism now..I think they are trying to clear it with the White House
Fox is told there is now work behind the scenes to put together a package which combines at least six if not all seven of the outstanding appropriations bills with a bit more of wall/border security money. Would be full funding bills for the entire year. Not stopgaps
Pence now on the floor talking to senators, perhaps trying to pry things loose. Or maybe he’s running out of things to do, having been at the Capitol for a while. 		Vote has now been open five hours. 		Record for longest Senate vote is five hours and 15 minutes
McConnell on the flr. Procedural vote to call up Hse passed spending bill with wal money still open. Vote started at 12:31 pm et. Senate does not have votes to proceed yet.
Key thing now at the Capitol to avoid a shutdown: There are conversations. That wasn’t the case before. Told they could try to add some border wall money if the Democrats can accept that
Pence/Mulvaney/Kushner end mtg on Hse side with Ryan &amp; Freedom Caucus mbrs. Back on the Senate side.
Pence, Mulvaney, Kushner cut through the Rotunda. Now in Ryan’s ceremonial office with Meadows and Jordan on the House side
Pence/Kushner/Mulvaney mtg w/Schumer concludes. Pence remains at the Capitol to potentially break a tie on procedural vote to call up House-passed CR with wall money
The Senate vote has been open since 12:31 pm et. Longest vote in Senate history came in Feb, 2009 on the stimulus package. Senate needed Dem OH Sen Sherrod Brown to pass bill. Vote went for 5 hrs 15 mins. Brown went back to OH for his mother’s wake &amp; jetted back to DC to vote
Pence, Mulvaney, Kushner now mtg with Schumer in his office
Colleague Jason Donner rpts Pence back in Schumer’s office at the Capitol
Pence at the Capitol. Could be needed to break tie on effort to call up interim spending bill with wall money in the Senate. Vote has been open more than 3 hrs
Trump on potential shutdown: It's up to the Democrats. It's a Democrat shutdown. When Pelosi said we won't get the votes in the House, we got them
Cruz: Earlier this year we saw a Schumer shutdown where Chuck Schumer did that previously. I hope we don't see a second Schumer shutdown particularly going into Christmas..the Democratic caucus in the Senate is captive to the extreme left of their party.
Senate vote just to get onto the House bill to fund government and fund the wall still open after more than two hours. Started at 12:31 pm et. Multiple senators not here. The nays are outpacing the yeas. Currently 43 yeas and 46 nays. Dem MT Sen Tester just voted nay
From colleague Jason Donner. GOP TN Sen Alexander on wall funding: A logical place to start is what the president asked for and his budget asked for $1.6 billion for this year and what did we give him. We gave him what he asked for.
Dem CT Sen Blumenthal on Trump: If the government is shut down it’s on him. He is rightly taking ownership for it and the American people ought to hold him accountable and my republican colleagues.
Process #3 for Hse passed bill: Senate could disagree with Hse. The Senate would actually take a vote to “disagree” in tHse changes 2 the bill &amp; ship the measure back to the Hse because, again, they are not in sync. Each of 3 options is "debatable" which could entail cloture
Process #2 for Hse passed bill: Senate concurs w/hse changes, but also make ANY change to the bill (called “concurring with an amendment"). Then the bill goes back to the House because, again, the House and Senate are not aligned
Process #1 for Hse passed bill ) Vote to concur with the House changes. If the Senate does that, the House and Senate are aligned and the bill goes to the President for signature.
In order to handle existing spending bill which has been ricocheting between the House and Senate for some time now, the Senate NEEDS TO GET ONTO THE BILL. Otherwise, they are stuck. So far, Senate lacks the votes.
Flake: There are chaotic weeks and then there is this week.
There are no side negotiations going on now to avert a government shutdown. So unless something drastically changes, we are cruising toward a government shutdown.
Even if they do get Hse bill w/wall money on the floor, McConnell has to file cloture to end debate on the bill. 	If you do it by the book and file cloture today...you can’t even take the cloture vote (which would fail, because it needs 60 yeas), until SUNDAY.
Senate procedural vote to call up Hse bill with wall changes started at 12:31 pm et. Flake voted no. Senate is 51-49 GOP. They may need Pence to break a tie. But GOPers need all of their members here. Otherwise, they can’t even start debate on the bill
Schumer: Every Democrat every every Republican has already unanimously supported a clean extension of government funding. Democrats supported the measure because we do not want to see the government shut down. We have no demands other than that.
Schumer: The events of the past week should concern every American. This may have been the most chaotic week. Of what's undoubtedly the most chaotic presidency ever in the history of the United States.
From colleague Caroline McKee. Scalise: Chuck Schumer is going to lose this because he’s making it personal.
Senate now taking procedural vote to put revamped House plan with wall funding on the floor. Needs majority vote
McConnell: In my view legislation would be quite uncontroversial in a more normal political moment when both parties put national interest ahead of spite for president.
McConnell on flr now. Is going to forge ahead with effort to move House bill with wall funding. Says this should be “uncontroversial”.
McConnell now back on CapHill
McConnell departs WH en route back to Capitol after Trump mtg
Corker:	This is tyranny of talk radio hosts...do we succomb to the tyranny of talk radio show hosts		Corker on McConnell thinking he had the blessing of Trump to put the CR on the floor the other day:	The Democrats didn’t trust him. Now do the Republicans?
Corker:	I wish I was serving 12 years and three months..It’s going to be a momentous three months
Durbin on how this feels compared to other shutdowns:	It feels no different from other 30 times
Durbin: The President seems to be getting is cues from Rush and Sean.	Durbin on if Congress should stay in over the holidays:	I don’t think we should go play golf in Florida
Senate now mtg for 1st time since House approved interim spending bill with border wall
Keep in mind that strictly from a parliamentary standpoint, the Senate is at least two steps away from voting on any revamped version of the CR, if it comes to that. The Senate would 1st have to vote on motion to proceed &amp; also vote to end debate (cloture w/60 yeas).
McConnell spox: The Ldr has said for yrs that the votes are not there in the Conference to use the nuclear option. Just this morning several Senators put out statements confirming their opposition &amp; confirming that there is not a majority in the conference to go down that road
Congressional caroling  https://t.co/UeLrZtAj9V
GOP TN Sen Alexander on nuclear option to get wall through: We have rules to follow. I want to put a stop to this practice of the Senate breaking its rules to change its rules. I will not vote to turn the Senate into a rule-breaking institution..I hope that my colleagues will not
From colleague Caroline McKee. Senate Apps Cmte chair Shelby: My goal always is to fund the government, thats my responsibility..I’m going to discuss - listen to the president first and then see what we’ve got.
Senate GOPers including McConnell now at WH for mtg with Trump on gov’t funding
Trump tweet: 	The Democrats now own the shutdown!
Trump meeting this am with Senate Republicans about government funding and wall
Process 2) The process of the nuclear option in the Senate requires a very specific parliamentary cul-de-sac where nothing else is debatable. In the case of Nuclear Option 1 &amp; 2, the Senate was dealing with recalling failed cloture motions to end debate
Process 1) if McConnell wanted to use the nuclear option to alter Senate precedent and establish a new norm of a simple majority to end a legislative filibuster for border wall, the Senate must be in a very particular parliamentary posture. Senate is nowhere near that status now
13) Also, with the attendance problem, McConnell may not even have the votes for the nuclear option. However, if the Senate DID establish a new precedent, it’s possible DEMOCRATS could actually seize the floor and move bills against the GOP’s wishes.
12) A nuclear option maneuver could come back to haunt Republicans. Establishing a new precedent is universal. A new precedent would apply to ALL bills, not just this particular measure. Republicans may not like that if they are in the minority someday.
11) The President and many House Republicans have encouraged McConnell to go nuclear. 		I have asked McConnell REPEATEDLY over the past year if he would deploy the nuclear option to lower the filibuster requirement in the Senate on legislation. McConnell has said no.
10) Both former Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) and McConnell used the nuclear option to establish a new PRECEDENT (NOT a rules change) to drop the filibuster bar to a simple majority for ending debate on executive branch nominees and the Supreme Court.
9) There has been some chatter about Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) invoking the “nuclear option” to lower the threshold to end a legislative filibuster on the gov’t funding bill to get a wall
8)The Senate could actually strip out the wall money and zap the measure back to the House. Then the onus is on the House again.		But, 		Ending debate on the bill requires 60 yeas to break a filibuster. There is no way that Democrats will join in that
7) The only route could be a “clean” interim bill. But Mr. Trump said he won’t sign that without wall money. 		That said, a bigger problem awaits if tha Senate actually manages to successfully vote to bring the bill in the floor.
6) It’s possible the Senate may not even be able to do that with absences and a narrow 51-49 margin favoring Republicans. 		If the vote to proceed fails, we are really stuck as the Senate can’t even start debate on the House approved bill with wall funding.
5) However, Fox is told there may now be a major attendance problem in the Senate. How a simple majority vote just to bring the bill up could be a problem with lots of absences.
4) Senate meets today at noon et. 1st is a “motion to proceed” or to actually call up the Hse-altered bill to the floor. Since Hse/Senate are now ping-ponging different versions of same legislation back and forth, the Senate only needs a simple majority to bring that bill to flr
3) The House is in this morning, voting on extraneous, unrelated measures. But the funding bill which paid for the wall is now back in the Senate. The House and Senate have approved different measures and are now out of alignment.
2) Unfinished spending bills account for about 25 percent of all “discretionary” spending. In other words, money Congress allocates on a yearly basis that’s not an entitlement like Medicare or Medicaid.
1) Gov’t funded through 11:59:59 pm et tonight. If lawmakers and the President don’t break the impasse, nine of 15 federal departments shutter. Congress and President Trump have failed to come to an agreement on seven of the 12 annual appropriations bills.
McConnell has repeatedly said that he would not initiate the nuclear option to establish a new precedent &amp; lower the bar to end filibusters on legislation. And it could backfire royally on Republicans..especially today. They could have an attendance problem in the Senate today
Trump tweet: Mitch, use the Nuclear Option and get it done! Our Country is counting on you!
Trump tweet:	Shutdown today if Democrats do not vote for Border Security!
Hse heng today on “A Legislative Proposal to Provide for a Sustainable Housing Finance System: The Bipartisan Housing Finance Reform Act of 2018”
Trump tweet: No matter what happens today in the Senate, Republican House Members should be very proud of themselves. They flew back to Washington from all parts of the World in order to vote for Border Security and the Wall. Not one Democrat voted yes, and we won big...
Trump tweet: The Democrats, whose votes we need in the Senate, will probably vote against Border Security and the Wall even though they know it is DESPERATELY NEEDED. If the Dems vote no, there will be a shutdown that will last for a very long time...
House in today considering a series of extraneous bills, waiting to see what Senate can tackle on gov’t funding and the wall
Partial gov’t shutdown if no deal by 11:59:59 pm et. Senate meets at noon et. House passed bill w/wall funding will need 60 yeas to clear a filibuster
Trump tweet: Mitch McConnell should fight for the Wall &amp; Border Security as hard as he fought for anything. He will need Democrat votes, but as shown in the Hse, good things happen. If enough Dems don’t vote, it will be a Democrat Shutdown! House Republicans were great yesterday!
USCP: ALL CLEAR. The evacuation of the Adams building has been cleared, and any associated road closures will clear momentarily.
If no agreement, partial gov’t shutdown starts in less than 24 hrs. 9 of 15 federal departments.
Top Dem on Senate Armed Svcs Cmte Reed: Mattis isn’t someone..willing to stand by while American allies and principles are abandoned. He didn’t resign because he grew weary from the fight..Trump is leading the country in the wrong direction &amp;..Mattis isn’t willing 2 go along w/it
Adams Bldg at Library of Congress evacuated due to an alarm: “The USCP is continuing to investigate the Adams Building evacuation. All staff and other personnel are directed to remain in their assembly area until further notice.”
Fmr Senate Intel Cmte aide James Wolfe sentenced to 2 months in prison for lying to FBI.
McConnell: I was sorry to learn that..Mattis..will soon depart..But I am particularly distressed that he is resigning due to sharp differences with the president..It is regrettable that the president must now choose a new Secretary of Defense.
Freedom Caucus: Republicans in Congress have continually told the American people that we would fight for wall funding, and today the House of Representatives took its first step toward fulfilling that promise. The Senate must follow our lead. It’s time we do what we said
Hse ok's stopgap funding bill/wall bill 217-185. 31 mbrs didn't vote. No Dems voted yea. 8 GOPers voted nay: Amash Buck Curbelo Hurd Paulsen Ros-Lehtinen Upton Valadao
Ryan ignores question of if his Speakership will end in a government shutdown
Scalise on bill to fund gov’t &amp; pay for border wall: Pelosi said it couldn’t happen we just proved her wrong
The CR now goes to the Senate where it faces an uncertain future. The House and Senate are now out of alignment, having approved different versions of the same government spending plan. The Senate will need 60 yeas to overcome a filibuster. That would require Democratic help
Passage of CR with border money a major victory for President Trump and Republicans and a defeat for Democrats…who said the GOP lacked the votes for the border wall.
House approves revamped bill to avert government shutdown and fund President Trump’s border wall	The vote was 217 to 185. 8 Republicans voted no.
Three GOP noes on the board on the stopgap spending bill with border wall funding: Amash, Buck, Upton
If you are scoring at home, the House vote on the stopgap spending bill to provide money for the wall is technically a "motion to concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment, with an amendment."
Meadows on how the House GOP leadership misjudged the situation and then changed their tune to put this bill on the floor with wall funding:	The assumption was that there were not enough votes there
Meadows on what changed at the House GOP Conference meeting this morning when it came to fighting for the wall:	We came out of our conference today more unified.
Meadows on who gets blamed during a shutdown:	There (are) not a direct correlations between a shutdown and the votes that go with it.
Meadows on if there is a shutdown because the Senate can’t approve the Hse bill: "Eventually you have to recocnize there’s an impasse. I would recommend to Mitch, go nuclear. Go to 51 votes." Would entail a new precedent in the Senate to break legislative filibusters
Meadows on what changed today about getting a bill to fund the gov't &amp; pay for the wall: “I looked at (President Trump) in the eyes today and he was serious about not folding without a fight.”
House now voting on revamped government spending package to avert a shutdown and fund the wall. Result around 8 pm et
Expect the House vote on the revamped spending bill to start within the next 30 minutes or so.
Hoyer on revamped spending bill with wall money: 	This bill is going nowhere. The Senate won’t accept it. And perhaps the Senate will send it back. Amended. Perhaps.
Hoyer to House GOPers on revamped spending bill with border wall money: Not one of you believes this will pass the Senate. So we are playing political games here to pander to the President of the United States
Hoyer to House GOPers on revamped spending bill with border wall money:	Not one of you believes this will pass the Senate. So we are playing political games here to pander to the President of the United States
From colleague Caroline McKee. Jordan on interim spending bill with wall funding: "We’re going to pass a good one tonight.”
McCarthy on Fox: You need 60 votes in Senate. So does Chuck Schumer really want to shut the gov't down over the idea of protecting our borders//Also disaster relief for a number of states that need it. Is Schumer going to go home for Christmas and not solve this problem?
Pelosi: I am shaken by the resignation of Gen Mattis
Pelosi on Trump &amp; Congressional Republicans: The worst he gets, the more they rally around him
Pelosi on Trump: Maybe if the government is shut down, he thinks he can golf more comfortably. That's now how it works
Graham: The conditions in Afghanistan – at the present moment – make American troop withdrawals a high risk strategy.  If we continue on our present course we are setting in motion
Graham: I have just returned from Afghanistan and can say – without hesitation – ISIS-K remains a direct threat to our homeland and they would dramatically benefit from a reduced American troop presence.
Schumer on the revamped spending bill to fund the gov't &amp; build the border wall: It clearly will not get the 60 votes that it needs.
Schumer: There's still hope. Leader Pelosi and I have put two proposals on the table that will get a majority of votes in the House and Senate..it is a shame that this president who is throwing this nation into chaos..it will not get him this wall.
Schumer on revamped government spending plan with border wall money: McCarthy has put it on the floor, cynically knowing it can't pass the Senate
Schumer: President Trump is plunging the country into chaos..President Trump is throwing a temper tantrum and creating the Trump shutdown
Pelosi: The President is doing everything he can to shut the government down...there is something wrong with this picture, especially at the holidays..it's a shameful bill.
Pelosi/Schumer now speaking to reporters just outside the House chamber as the House debates the revamped spending bill with border wall funding. Pelosi: "The President prefers to shut government down."
Graham: It is with great sadness that I was informed of the resignation of General Mattis..Mattis is a combination of intellect and integrity.  He has been in the fight against radical Islam for decades and provided sound and ethical military advice to President Trump.
House now debating revamped spending bill with wall funding
House Ethics Committee broadens probe into GOP AZ Rep Schweikert.  There are questions as to whether Schweikert “may have used official resources to benefit his campaign or pressured Congressional staff to perform political activity.
Ryan: Secretary Mattis has served our country with honor, bravery, and integrity. With our country’s defense in his hands, we have become a safer America at home, and a more commanding force abroad. His patriotism and grit are matched only by his humility and graciousness.
Senate out until Friday. Comes back at noon et
On Fox, McCarthy says the House will have the votes to pass the interim spending bill with wall funding later tonight and send it to the Senate
Notably an even 400 members cast ballots on the rule vote for the revamped CR with wall money. The House was hovering in the high 350s/low 360s for votes yesterday
Had the House not okayed the rule, the new spensing bill with wall money would have been dead in the water and members would be unable to consider it. But the House has not yet approved the underlying bill. Debate on the actual bill later tonight
The revamped spending bill to avert a government shutdown and fund President Trump’s border wall overcame a key procedural hurdle tonight. The House voted 221 to 179 to approve the “rule” which allows the measure to come to the floor.
Pelosi: When Democrats take the gavel, we will ensure that Secretary Perdue and the Trump Administration implement the Farm Bill as Congress intended.  We will put an end to the bitter Republican attacks on working Americans
Pelosi: President Trump’s cruel action this morning seeks to buck the bipartisan will of the Congress in the Farm Bill, which overwhelmingly rejected these callous efforts to take food from the neediest Americans.
Hse now voting on the “rule” which establishes how the House will consider the actually underlying bill. The rule establishes parameters of debate for the spending bill. If the Hse defeats the rule, the retooled plan to fund gov't &amp; the wall is toast. Hse can't bring bill to flr
The House is now taking a key test vote on the revamped plan to fund the government and pay for a border wall.
From colleague Lucas Tomlinson. Key paragraph to DefSec Mattis resignation letter to Trump: "Because you have the right to have a Secretary of Defense whose views are better aligned with yours...I believe it is right for me to step down from my position."
Pelosi and Schumer to speak at Will Rogers Statue at 6:30 pm et
Senate now in recess subject to the call of the chair. We expect the Senate to adjourn for the day later and come back tomorrow. Senators will wait to see what if anything the House sends over
House now considering "rule" to tee up revamped spending bill with wall funding. You have to 1st approve a "rule" in order to bring up the underlying bill. If the rule fails, you can't consider the underlying bill.
If the House approves the retooled CR, it goes to the Senate. The House and Senate would have approved different measures and aren’t in sync
The final, up or down vote, on the revamped CR is take it or leave it on the entire package. There is political danger here for the GOP, if the entire package fails.
The Rules Committee has made this CR into a jumbo package, where they are simply adding the $5.7 billion in wall money and $8.7 billion in disaster aid to the Senate approved package. The Hse must first adopt the rule. If they do that, then the Hse will debate the revamped bill.
The “rule” to establish the parameters of debate on the retooled interim spending bill will gop to the floor in 20-30 minutes.
Senate Apps Cmte Chair Shelby said yesterday McConnell wouldn’t have put interim spending bill on the floor unless there were assurances from Trump to sign it
Trump: I am asking Congress to defend our nation
From colleague Mike Emanuel. McConnell telling senators to be ready for votes tomorrow if Hse sends over spending bill which doesn’t align w/what Senate ok’d last night
House Rules Cmte meeting momentarily to prep revamped gov’t funding bill for flr with attachment of $5 billion wall amdt being in order
Colleague Peter Doocy is told the House GOP whip team is checking in with members who aren’t in town, trying to talk anyone that isn’t a hard “no” against the wall to come to DC to vote. Attendance last night was in the 83% range.
House votes to table or kill resolution by Pelosi to avert a shutdown, 187-170. Vote was on motion to table the appeal of the ruling of the chair
Rules Committee expected make in order an amendment for $5 billion for the wall. The full House would have to adopt the amendment for it to be included in the bill.
Rules Cmte mtg at 3:45 pm et critical step. You first have to get a “rule” (which establishes the terms of debate for most bills) from the Rules Committee before you can debate on the floor. No rule, then you can’t debate the bill.
The House Rules Committee meets at 3:45 pm et to prep the interim spending bill, plus, the prospective addition of an amendment to provide $5 billion for the border wall.
House Rules Committee to meet at 3:45 pm et to set up amendment to CR for border wall
Colleague John Roberts rpts Sr Admin official won't put a dollar figure on what they want for the wall. "Let’s see what the House can pass." Says if there's a bill with no wall money, official said “I guess the government shuts down.”
The resolution to avert a shutdown by Pelosi was ruled out of order. Pelosi appealed the ruling. McCarthy then moved to table the appeal. SO…The House is now voting on the motion to table the appeal of the ruling of chair, 2 parliamentary steps away from the original resolution
The privileged resolution offered by Pelosi now on the Hse floor brings a clean CR to the floor to keep government open &amp; avert a shutdown
Pelosi's tactic on a privileged resolution to avert a shutdown is interesting tactic. Hse must consider resolution right away, either w/up or down vote or vote to set aside resolution. So what Pelosi is doing is DARING GOP 2 vote against resolution IN FAVOR of keeping gov't open
Pelosi on the floor, with a privileged resolution to “keep government open”
Colleague Nick Kalman rpts OMB already directed State Dept to prepare for a shutdown
Trump tweet: So hard to believe that Lindsey Graham would be against saving soldier lives &amp; billions of $$$. Why are we fighting for our enemy, Syria, by staying &amp; killing ISIS for them, Russia, Iran &amp; other locals? Time to focus on our Country &amp; bring our youth back home..
5) If the House approves the bill with the changes, they have to kick it back to the Senate to sync up
4) Either scenario could impact whether the House has the votes to pass or fail the bill. Is the amendment, if agreed to, a sweetener and helps the bill pass? Or is the amendment a “poison pill” and actually makes the new, altered bill, too toxic for members to support?
3) If the House approves the amendment, it becomes part of the bill. If the amendment fails, then the amendment is not tacked onto the bill.
2) Then, they would bring that “rule” (which establishes the parameters for debate) to the floor. You can’t consider the bill itself unless the House adopts the rule. 		Then, the House would consider the Senate-passed bill plus the amendment for the wall.
1) Here are the parliamentary mechanics for the new government spending plan. 		The House Rules Committee would have to meet and make in order the amendment to include $5 billion for a border wall.
Trump tweet: Congress just passed the Criminal Justice Reform Bill known as the #FirstStepAct. Congratulations! This is a great bi-partisan achievement for everybody. When both parties work together we can keep our Country safer. A wonderful thing for the U.S.A.!!
The House considered the criminak justivr measure as a “suspension” bill. That means the House expedites consideration of the measure on the floor, in exchange for having a 2/3 vote on the floor. With 394 members voting, they needed 263 yeas.
The House has approved final version of the revamped criminal justice reform bill. The Senate altered the House-approved measure earlier this week and passed the retooled version. The vote was 358-36.
Scalise on government funding &amp; if they have the votes for the new plan: “We’re talking to a lot of members now.”
GOP mbrs at WH mtg Ryan	McCarthy	Scalise	Cheney	Brooks	Jordan	Meadows	Mitchell	Gibson	Walker	Loudermilk	Wagner
From colleague Peter Doocy. GOP NC Rep Mark Walker on if revamped gov’t funding bill w/wall money would pass: We’re getting ready to find out
The House is considering the prison reform measure as a “suspension” bill. That means the House expedites consideration of the measure on the floor, in exchange for having a 2/3 vote on the floor.
The House is now voting on the final version of the revamped criminal justice reform bill. The Senate altered the House-approved measure earlier this week and approved the retooled version, 87-12. The House and Senate must get on the same page before sending to Trump.
McCarthy: We believe there is still time. We going to have border security..the president said what the senate sent over is just kicking a ball, just kicking a can down the road. We want to solve this problem. We want to make sure we keep the government open.
House to try to move interim spending bill with amendment of $5 billion for border wall. Plus $8 billion for disaster aid. That may not clear the House. They would then bounce it back to the Senate. Senate probably couldn’t approve that bill
Ryan: The president informed us that he will not sign the bill that came from the Senate last evening because of his legitimate concern  for border security. So what we are going to go back to the Hse to work  with our members. We want to keep the government open
WH: President Trump just met with Republican Members of the House. Not surprisingly, they all feel strongly about Border Security..We protect nations all over the world, but Democrats are unwilling to protect our nation.
FLASH Ryan emerges from WH. Says Trump says he won't sign interim spending bill.
From colleague Peter Doocy. GOP FL Rep Carlos Curbelo says "clouds continue to gather" when it comes to a possible, partial government shutdown.
Not much info coming out of WH as mtg continues with Hse GOP ldrs on way forward to fund gov't and perhaps border wall.
Graham on Syria: Mattis told me he thinks it’s not the time to leave	The President has a team of advisers. He just needs to listen to them. 	I talked to Pompeo and he said right now is not the time to leave.
From colleague Guerin Hays. Graham on decision to withdraw from Syria: This is akin to surrendering..I don’t know how this decision was made. It came out of nowhere, it has rattled the world
Colleague NuNu Japaridze rpts Meadows &amp; Hse Rules Cmte Chair Sessions at WH for mtg with Trump on gov’t funding
Colleague Peter Doocy rpts Ryan abruptly exited the GOP conference meeting this am, telling members Trump was on the phone. He then canceled ldrshp presser. GOP ldrs now at WH for mtg w/Trump on gov’t funding
Scalise on en route to WH mtg. Says they are looking for a deal that “funds the wall and funds the other agencies. We want the $5 billion dollars to secure our borders and let the president have the tools he needs to make sure we keep this country safe.”
Colleague Jake Gibson rpts source says DOJ also plans to send a letter to lawmakers on the Hill later today explaining Whitaker's stance on not recusing from the Mueller Russia investigation.
Pelosi when asked if she had a message to the President about whether the wall fight would end better in February:	"Merry Christmas"
Pelosi on what she made of the farewell address yesterday by House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI): I was busy doing other things at the time
Pelosi:	We’re in the middle of a meltdown on behalf of Republicans..they’re having a breakdown
Pelosi on what Trump may sign to avert a shutdown:	I think this is whimsical on the President’s part. A whim on what he may sign or not
Pelosi on if Democrats would support the package on the floor if GOPers can’t deliver the votes:	On the current version, yes. Vote for the rule and the bill		Pelosi on attendance issues in the Hse: 	By the way, they have a lot of people missing
Pelosi on GOP &amp; border wall: wall:	Republicans are in a state of disarray 		Pelosi on what Trump may sign:	I don’t know that anyone ever knows what this White House will do
House now debating final version of criminal justice reform bill
Potential option on CR would be for Hse to add wall money &amp; send it back to Senate and Senate strip it out. However, the Hse/Senate have to approve the same version of the CR at some point.
Trump could have an exit strategy under Article I, Section 7 of Constitution. Bills which aren't signed within 10 day (Sundays excepted) become law if Congress is in session. Trump could put up fight &amp; then just let CR become law without his signature.
Rules Cmte met late last night to prep rule to handle the spending bill on the floor today. BUT, cmte NEVER finished the rule. Hse can't CANNOT consider the spending bill until they send a rule to flr.  It won't happen until there is more clarity from the WH &amp; mbrs are satisified
If this spending package is going to pass, it’s likely going to need a coalition of SOME Republicans and LOTS of Democrats.
“We stuck our neck out for border security,” fumed one senior House Republican. “We stuck our neck out on the omnibus in March.”		Republican members feel they will be thrown under the bus by voters after they campaigned on a wall..and then if they relent.
House Republicans are beside themselves about what may happen on the border wall and government money. One GOP member told Fox there was a “lack of direction, lack of message” from the White House about what they are for and against.
WH: The President is having a meeting with Republican House Members at noon today. At this moment, the President does not want to go further without border security, which includes steel slats or a wall. The President is continuing to weigh his options.
Things getting squirrelly on spending bill. Conservatives want leadership to fight. Others want assurances the President will sign the bill
There is no “new” money for the wall in the CR. However the measure does have $1.3b for some portion of a wall. A total of $1.6b for border security.
House GOP leadership presser canceled after discussion on border wall
Trump tweet: When I begrudgingly signed the Omnibus Bill, I was promised the Wall and Border Security by leadership. Would be done by end of year (NOW). It didn’t happen! We foolishly fight for Border Security for other countries - but not for our beloved U.S.A. Not good!
House GOPers meeting soon to discuss interim spending bill. Many conservatives disappointed the plan pushed through the Senate last night lacked fully funding for the wall
Trump tweet: The Democrats, who know Steel Slats (Wall) are necessary for Border Security, are putting politics over Country. What they are just beginning to realize is that I will not sign any of their legislation, including infrastructure, unless it has perfect Border Security
Ryan’s legacy https://t.co/6VpcYWkNP3
It is unclear if House members will sing Christmas carols in the back of the chamber today as they consider the interim spending measure to avoid a shutdown as their Senate counterparts did last night
The Senate is in session protectively today. awaiting the House in case the House can’t tackle the Senate-approved interim spending measure from last night.
House Democrats may have to carry a lot of the weight on stopgap spending bill as GOPers defect. But a senior House Republican source last night said they thought a lot of GOPers would vote for it. The House only had about 360 members, give or take, in attendance last night.
House likely to advance both the interim spending bill today and the criminal justice reform bill today. But nothing is set in stone on stopgap spending bill. Timing is up in the air.
Hse hrng today with Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen testifying
House Financial Services Cmte hrng today titled “The Peril of an Ignored National Debt”
House today expected to align with the Senate &amp; consider the Senate-altered criminal justice reform bill which senators approved Tuesday
House today expected to sync up with the Senate &amp; vote on the interim spending bill to fund the gov’t thru Feb. 8
Senate Judiciary Cmte receives questionnaire on AG nominee William Barr: https://t.co/OJCHBFJvMg
McConnell commits to Murkowski that in January, the Senate will go back to the lands package which stalled tonight in the Senate. Says it will be up in the first couple of weeks.
House Rules Cmte to meet at 11 pm et to set up debate on interim spending bill to avert a shutdown on the Hse flr on Thursday. Just got the Senate-passed version of the bill.
GOP UT Sen Mike Lee &amp; GOP CO Sen Cory Gardner really upset on the flr right now over the outcome on the public lands bill package.
Meadows says Hse said it would fight for wall after midterms. "It’s after the midterms. We’re here to say that we’re ready to fight..to make sure we have secure borders. Mr. President, we’re going to back you up. If you veto this bill we’ll be there."
Schumer on interim spending bill: The American people know the president’s wall is ineffective, expensive, and only serves as a political bone to his most conservative supporters – certainly not worth a government shutdown.
Schumer: It’s good that our Republican colleagues in the Senate finally realized that they should not shut down the government over a wall that does not have enough support to pass the House or Senate and is not supported by a majority of the country.
Christmas carol setlist by sens singing in back of chamber: The 1st Noel, Little Drummer Boy, Silent Night, Rudolph,, Winter Wonderland, The Christmas Song, Come All Ye Faithful, O Holy Night and Go Tell It on the Mountain. They did NOT sing Baby, It’s Cold Outside.
Senators who sang Christmas carols in chamber during votes were Sens. Heidi Heitkamp (D-ND), Tim Kaine (D-VA), Mark Warner (D-VA), Chris Coons (D-DE), Tina Smith (D-MN), Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY), Joe Donnelly (D-IN), Mazie Hirono (D-HI) and Kamala Harris (D-CA).
Senate took procedural vote to request the Sgt at Arms to request attendance of absent senators. Passed 71-21. GOP AZ Sen Flake presided. When he announced the vote tally, Flake said “Rudolph voted present.” A reference to senators singing Christmas carols in back of chamber
Unclear if Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) may have spiked the Senate eggnog with some Kentucky bourbon from Blanton’s or Heaven Hill. But senators were singing in the back of the chamber during several procedural votes, leading up to passage of the CR.
The Senate passed interim spending bill does have $1.3b for wall. A total of $1.6b for border security. But not new money
Senate took procedural vote to request the Sgt at Arms to request attendance of absent senators, 71-21. Flake presided. When he announced the vote tally, Flake said that “Rudolph voted present.” A reference to the senators singing Christmas carols in the back of the chamber
Senate approves stopgap spending bill to avoid shutdown. Sends package over to the House. The Senate ok’d the plan by voice vote. 	 The measure keeps the government open for the outstanding seven appropriations bills at existing levels…through February 8. Doesn’t fund wall
Add “The Little Drummer Boy” to the setlist of senators singing in the back of the chamber during the procedural vote
Sens Heitkamp, Warner, Donnelly, Coons, Smith, Hirono and Gillibrand continue singing Christmas carols on the flr. Now singing “Walking In a Winter Land.” Also performed “Go Tell It On the Mountian” and “The Christmas Song” made famous by Nat King Cole. And a rendition of Rudolph
You can’t make this up. Sens Harris, Heitkamp, Warner, Donnelly and others on the Senate flr singing Christmas carols during votes. Just concluded “O Holy Night.”
Senate fails to establish quorum during live quorum call. Senate now voting on motion to instruct Sgt at Arms to request attendance of absent senators. This is so Senate can forge an agreement on how to forge ahead on interim spending bill
Senate ldrs really hoping to move the interim spending bill tonight. If a quorum isn't established by this LIVE quorum call, McConnell could ask Sgt at Arms to request attendance of senators. Once on flr, McConnell could try to get deal to vote on interim spending bill
Senate now taking live quorum call to get senators to the flr. This is an effort to get a deal &amp; vote on the interim spending bill &amp; the lands bill. A live quorum call is rare in the Senate. It's an actual effort to determine if the Senate has a quorum
Senate trying to finish interim spending bill &amp; kick it to the Hse. Dispute over lands pkg is holding things up. Chatter now in the Senate about a "live" quorum call to actually get senators to flr to discuss way fwd. Live quorum calls are rare in the Senate
Sr House GOP source tells Fox that the House will consider the Senate-approved version of the criminal justice reform bill as a "suspension bill." That means debate is limited &amp; the bill needs a 2/3 vote to pass. Hse must sync up with Senate before bill goes to Trump to sign
House Freedom Caucus now on flr, making case for border wall in spending bill.
BuzzFeed/Steele dossier court docs says Steele gave dossier GOP IL Rep Kinzinger &amp; Ryan CoS Jonathan Burks. Ryan office: "Burks has never met Christopher Steele nor received any document directly from him. However, he was aware of &amp; had read the dossier prior to its publication"
GOP SC Sen Graham on Trump's decision to pull troops out of Syria after he said the US defeated ISIS: "To say they are defeated is overstate and is fake news"
Hse really wrestling w/attendance in the lame duck Congress. Hse took 10 votes tonight. Most mbrs voting was 364. Fewest was 359 on 2 votes. Lowest since midterms. Hse averaged 361 of 433 mbrs voting, down from average of 392 last wk. Only 83% of mbrs are here to vote
Dem CA Rep Lee on Trump withdrawing troops from Syria &amp; her being the only Hse mbr to oppose '01 war authorization after 9/11: The 2001 authorization was a blank check. It set the stage for perpetual war..our troops are in harm’s way. The public has no idea what is taking place
Dem CA Rep Lee on Trump's decision to withdraw troops from Syria: We have to make sure that when we send our troops into harm’s way, they know and we know the cause and consequences. In this instance, we didn’t.
Dem CA Rep Lee: I have long called for a troop withdraw from Syria. Congress has not authorized the war in Syria. It is time for them to come home. I have legislation that would allow for no funding for combat troops in Syria. I think this is a good step in the right direction.
It is said that politics makes strange bedfellows. Dem CA Rep Barbara Lee, only Hse mbr to oppose '01 authorization for war after 9/11, says she agrees w/Trump when it comes to withdrawing troops from Syria. Says Congress never authorized such an operation.
Fox is told there still could be votes in the Senate tonight. The big issue is whether the Senate will tackle the interim spending bill tonight to avert a shutdown. House won’t tackle the package until tomorrow if not Friday. Such a plan would have to go through Rules Cmte 1st
Meadows says Trump should veto the spending bill. Says Hse should have voted on border wall pkg last wk. Says “the mistake was that we didn’t bring up the bill last week when we had the votes”
Freedom Caucus Ldr Meadows says the “political fallout” of Trump signing a spending bill without a wall “will start Saturday.” Says if Trump signs the bill there will be “major damage” to his re-election in 2020
Attendance problem continues in the House during lame duck session. On 1st vote this wk, only 362 mbrs or 83% of 433 mbr Hse voted
Schiff on Syria withdrawal: I will be requesting an immediate briefing and assessment by the Intelligence Community of the effect of a rapid drawdown of U.S. forces, and particularly whether withdrawal will create the conditions on the ground for a resurgence of ISIS
Schiff on Syria: I’m deeply concerned that the President is making yet another abrupt decision — with seemingly little input or consultation with military and intelligence officials — to withdraw the U.S. forces in Syria who have been engaged in the fight against ISIS.
Still no movement on moving interim spending bill through the Senate to avoid a gov't shutdown. As they say on Capitol Hill, nothing is decided until everything's decided.
From colleague Guerin Hays. Fmr AG Loretta Lynch departs CapHill after more than 6 hrs of closed door interview before Hse Cmtes.
GOP KY Sen Paul: The president has the courage to say, ‘We won in Syria, and we're coming home.’ First president in my lifetime really to do that..that's why I think President Trump is one that we should all look to for some changes and for some reform of the Deep State
GOP KY Sen Rand Paul: I'm proud of the president today to hear that he is declaring victory in Syria. Most of the voices around here like to stay everywhere for all time, and they believe that it doesn't work unless you go somewhere and stay forever.
Still no agreement in the Senate on how to proceed on the stopgap spending bill to avoid a gov't shutdown. Trying to work out side agreement on separate lands package. The Senate has run a "hotline" to try to get clearance from all senators
From colleague Caroline McKee. Corker says mtg w/Trump about Syria canceled when he got to the WH. Corker says Trump appears to have made decision to get US troops out of Syria w/o advice from advisers
Pelosi on Syria withdrawal: When we take the gavel, our Democratic Majority will uphold the Congress’ constitutional oversight responsibilities to ensure that the President’s decisions advance our national security interests, not his personal or political objectives.
Pelosi on Syria: We must also ask why the President did not make this decision in the context of advancing peace negotiations.  The deteriorating humanitarian crisis in Syria remains a stain on the conscience of the world.
Pelosi on Syria policy: All Americans should be concerned that this hasty announcement was made on the day after sentencing in criminal proceedings began against..Flynn, who admitted that he was a registered foreign agent for a country with clear interests in the Syrian conflict.
Pelosi: It is premature for the President to declare a sweeping victory against ISIS when, just a few weeks ago, our military led more than 250 coalition-conducted airstrikes against targets in Iraq and Syria.
Corker now at WH discussing Syria withdrawal plan by US. Many lawmakers oppose the withdrawal
Flake again blocked from trying to advance bill to protect Mueller from firing. Flake's request required unanimous consent, meaning the blessing of all 100 senators. But there was again an objection. This is the 3rd time Flake has been blocked in this endeavor
Flake on the flr now, again trying to get unanimous consent agreement to force vote on bill to protect Mueller from firing. Senators have previously blocked Flake, objecting to his earlier requests. As a result, Flake has opposed Trump's judicial nominations
Pence did not take any questions when he emerged from the Senate GOP lunch. He did not reply to several questions about Syria and whether the administration kept Congress in the loop about the posture change
Senate Apps Cmte Chair Shelby on if the President would sign the CR:	I don’t believe he would bring it up unless he had assurances that the President would sign the CR. But you never know
Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Richard Shelby (R-AL) says there may be some “holds” which could delay a vote on the CR. When asked who wanted to delay the CR, Shelby chuckled and replied “I have some ideas.”
Vice President Pence is at the Capitol now, lunching with GOP senators. Fox is told that much of the conversation is about the US withdrawing troops from Syria. 		Many senators appear taken aback by the decision and were not in the loop.
Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker (R-TN) is headed to the White House to discuss the Syria withdrawal decision at 3:30 pm et.
Senate now trying to reach a time agreement to vote on stopgap spending bill later today
Ryan farewell speech: I acknowledge plainly that my ambitions for entitlement reform have outpaced the political reality and I consider this our greatest unfinished business.
GOP MO Sen Blunt emerging from Senate lunch with Pence on if Pence said the President would sign the CR:	He did not say that. But I think they are clearly in a position to do so
Sen. Roy Blunt (R-MO) just emerged from a Senate GOP lunch with Vice President Mike Pence. Blunt suggested the Senate wasn’t quite ready yet to move the interim spending bill to avoid a shutdown and demurred when asked if it was coming in the next hour or two.
Hse Judiciary Cmte will not release a transcript today of the closed-door, transcribed interview with former Obama AG Lynch. The panel will release a transcript of today’s i-view as a part of its investigation report…alongside transcripts of 16 other i-views..by end of the yr
Ryan farewell address: To everything there is a season. For me, this season of service is coming to a close. I have had the chance to do something I love so much for so long. To do my small part to advance the American Idea. I leave as I came here: an optimist to the core.
Rubio: The decision to pull U.S. defense presence out of Syria is a big mistake. The Syrian Democratic Forces and YPG will now abandon the fight against ISIS in the Middle Euphrates River Valley..Today’s decision will lead to grave consequences in the months and years to come.
Ryan in farewell address: We came within 1 vote of real health care and entitlement reform...we've come a long way. We are closer than people realize.
Pence ignores question on Capitol Hill as to whether President Trump would sign the interim spending bill, sans wall funding https://t.co/gpY9ISGLct
Ryan now delivering farewell address at the Library of Congress
Pelosi: Dems offered..Trump a clear path forward to pass 6 bipartisan appropriations bills along with a 1-yr continuing resolution for the Homeland Security bill...Dems will be ready to fully, responsibly fund our gov't in January, and we will support this continuing resolution.
Graham to Fox on Syria withdrawal: If we pull out, we are exposing allies to a lot of damage. We are giving a boost to ISIS.
Graham to Fox on US troop pullout from Syria: I was under impression that we would stay there until it was safe to come back..if we are withdrawing, ISIS is more likely to come back..I don't agree that they are defeated
Senate trying to get deal to pass stopgap spending bill perhaps as early as today. To expedite the process, the Senate will have to get cooperation and not have any objections. Otherwise, the Senate will have to do this by the book and maybe approve the measure as late as Fri
Hoyer on Dems fighting over the border the wall next February with Trump:	The wall is not going to be resolved no matter what we do
Hoyer on if interim spending bills causes problems for Democrats running the House next year:	99 percent is what we’re punting to February is agreed to.
Hoyer on Ryan not tackling deficit during his Spkrshp: Ryan has decent instincts. But I..had policy differences w/him ..This has been one of the most fiscally irresponsible Congresses in history if not the most fiscally irresponsible in history...That will be part of his legacy
Hoyer on the next spending bill:	What is important in the figure is what the figure allows to be done
Schumer: Leader McConnell has proposed a short-term CR just a few minutes ago. We would have preferred one of our two options but I’m glad the Leader thinks the government should not shut down over the president’s demand for a wall. And Democrats will support this CR
Schumer: It’s good news that the president has retreated from his demand that Congress fund the wall.
Schumer:  Let me be very clear: the administration cannot reprogram funds appropriated by Congress for the full wall without our assent, to do so would violate Congress’ Article I powers. They cannot do it on their own..it won’t happen.
Schumer: Yesterday we made some progress. Thankfully, President Trump appears to have backed down from his position for billions in direct appropriations for a border wall..the president’s insistence on $5b..has been the biggest obstacle to keeping the government open past Friday
Incoming Hse Oversight Cmte Chair Cummings sends 51 letters to WH &amp; Trump administration demanding answers on issues ranging from reponse to Puerto Rico hurricane, child separations at the border, the Flint water crisis, alleged EPA misconduct, whistleblower protection, et al
Hoyer on an interim spending bill:	To hold hostage funding of the government, it almost defies understanding...Are you concerned we’re going to be tied up on February 8? Sure.
Shelby on stopgap spending bill: Having already funded 75 percent of the government on time with broad bipartisan support, I am disappointed that we could not come to an agreement on the remaining 25 percent.  However, I am committed to keeping the government open
Flake/Coons/Booker to try to get unanimous consent just before 3 pm et to force vote on protecting Mueller. Senators have objected, thus, blocking, other efforts. As a consequence, Flake has refused to support judicial nominees
Hoyer wants the House to consider a resolution condemning the Saudi Crown Prince over the murder of Jamal Khashoggi
Hoyer says expect House Democrats to address Obamacare and try to strengthen it next year
Hoyer on Obamacare case:	I was very disappinted in the TX ruling..so manu things could stand without the individual mandate..I think the administration decision not to defend the law was a mistake..will be talking about having the Hse Counsel participate in the appeal of the case
McConnell: Working with Speaker Ryan has been among the great joys of my career in the Senate. The nation is so much better for his leadership -- and I am better for his friendship. I am so grateful to Paul for everything. I wish him, Janna, &amp; their lovely family great happiness
McConnell on Ryan: Paul’s shattered myths and stereotypes about what conservative leaders are like. Through his long list of accomplishments..he’s demonstrated that faith in American free enterprise and individual liberty are not quaint, outdated ideas
Graham on US withdrawal from Syria: An American withdrawal at this time would be a big win for ISIS, Iran, Bashar al Assad of Syria, and Russia.  I fear it will lead to devastating consequences for our nation, the region, and throughout the world.
Graham on US withdrawal from Syria: After visiting Syria earlier this year, it is abundantly clear the approximately 2,000 American troops stationed there are vital to our national security interests.
Graham on US withdrawal from Syria: If these media reports are true, it will be an Obama-like mistake made by the Trump Administration. While American patience in confronting radical Islam may wane, the radical Islamists’ passion to kill Americans and our allies never wavers.
McConnell: We need the government to remain open for the American people. We need to wrap up our work for this year. And I hope that my Democratic friends return ready to join the president, this Senate majority, and the American people in our desire to secure our border.
McConnell: We will turn to a clean continuing resolution later today, so we can make sure we don’t end this year the way we began it -- with another government shutdown because of Democrats’ allergy to sensible immigration policies.
McConnell on Dems rejecting calls for a wall: This is knee-jerk, partisan opposition to the administration’s reasonable and flexible requests. This is making political obstruction a higher goal than the integrity of our nation’s borders. It’s political spite.
McConnell: But faced with this intransigence -- with Democrats’ failure to take our borders seriously -- Republicans will continue to fulfill our duty to govern. That’s why we will soon take up a simple measure that will continue government funding into February
Congress’s version of “I’ll Be Home for Christmas”’ https://t.co/rcMoi1Ehwh
McConnell intros interim spending bill tonfund gov’t thru Feb 8
Fmr Obama Atty General Loretta Lynch now on CapHill for closed door interview with House Cmtes
Outgoing Hse Spkr Paul Ryan to deliver farewell address at the Library of Congress today
House and Senate Vets Affairs Cmte today entitled, “Tracking Transformation: VA MISSION Act Implementation.”
Hse back later today for 1st time since Thurs. Less than 3 days before a partial gov’t shutdown. Senate could advance stopgap spending bill to run thru Feb 8 as early as today
Fmr Obama AG Loretta Lynch to appear behind closed doors for transcribed interview today
Pence to CapHill this pm for Senate Steering Cmte lunch
The endgame over a wall and a possible government shutdown  https://t.co/zclxTPastj
USCP say its officers are now “conducting a training exercise utilizing visible ballistic vests and field helmets. As part of this exercise, small groups of USCP officers may be seen running to multiple locations and maintaining tactical formation”
Pelosi &amp; Dems wrestling over a border wall in Jan/Feb helps them take SOME focus off Trump investigations. Granted, they want some focus on that. But it tempers narrative that all the Dems will do is investigate Trump. They will fight over the wall instead, which boosts Dem base
McConnell today asked why Pelosi would want to start the yr having to deal with spending issues. But having to tangle w/spending &amp; the wall helps Pelosi on 2 fronts. She can use the wall issue AGAINST Trump &amp; FOR liberal Dems.
If Hse/Senate move stopgap spending bill, the only question is if President Trump would sign the bill. Trump's been unpredictable before. The President threatened to veto the omnibus spending bill back in March…even though his administration negotiated the package.
Possible Senate could try to advance interim spending bill to avoid a shutdown as early as Wed. Bill would fund the remaining seven appropriations bills at existing levels through February 8. Hse would then take up bill as early as Thurs.
Trump tweet on criminal justice reform bill: This will keep our communities safer, and provide hope and a second chance, to those who earn it. In addition to everything else, billions of dollars will be saved. I look forward to signing this into law!
Trump tweet: America is the greatest Country in the world and my job is to fight for ALL citizens, even those who have made mistakes. Congratulations to the Senate on the bi-partisan passing of a historic Criminal Justice Reform Bill....
All 12 senators who opposed the criminal justice reform bill were GOPers: Barrasso Cotton Enzi Kennedy Kyl Murkowski Risch Rounds Rubio Sasse Shelby Sullivan. Graham did not vote
House ok’d a different version of criminal justice reform &amp; the bill looked dead until senators revamped the bill to secure passage. The bill now goes back to Hse for it to sync up. Fox is told there shouldn’t be a problem with the Hse approving the Senate’s changes to the bill
The criminal justice reform bill grants judges more latitude in sentencing drug offenders. It also bolsters efforts to rehabiliate criminals for their return to society. The plan also overcomes some “mandatory minimums” imposed in the 1990s, such as “3 and out.”
Senate approves the criminal justice reform bill, 87-12. The package is a victory for President Trump and his son-in-law, Jared Kushner. Kushner worked the halls of Congress for months in an effort to forge a bipartisan compromise.
The Senate is now voting on the criminal justice reform bill. This is the final vote on the bill.
Trump tweet: Congratulations to @MarthaMcSally	on her appointment by Governor @DougDucey as the Great new Senator from Arizona - I have no doubt she will do a fantastic job!
Senate defeats amdt to criminal justice reform which would require notifications to victims families of prisoner releases. Was defeated 67-32.
Shelby says Congressional GOPers were trying to help Trump get a wall: “It didn’t work.” Asks what happens in February
Senate Apps Cmte chair Shelby on if an interim spending bill wouldnrun through February 8:	“That’s what we’re talking about”
Senate Apps Cmte chair Shelby on prospective interim gov’t funding bill:	The time is getting short now...I thought earlier today there might be a fluid opportunity. But it closed...It looks like we are heading to a CR
Senate starts vote series on criminal justice reform bill. Amdt votes &amp; a procedural vote first. Will culminate in final passage later tonight
Grassley on how they went about getting the votes to prospectively approve the criminal justice reform bill tonight:	"How do you eat 10,000 marshmallows? One at a time. How do you get support for this bill? One at a time."
Here is prospective vote sequence: 	Kennedy/Cotton Division 1 	Kennedy/Cotton Division 2 	Kennedy/Cotton Division 3 	After that, Cruz’s amendment may be up. It could be approved by voice vote.	Then a vote to waive the budget act.	Then, final passage. Will be a “motion to concur"
Grasley now on flr about criminal justice bill. Senate could begin to vote in the next hr or less on several amndts, a procedural vote and then final passage of the bill. Senate would have to ping the bill over to the House to sync up
Fox is told there is an effort to move through a series of four amendments to the criminal justice reform bill, take a procedural vote and perhaps pass the bill later tonight.
WH's Sanders on Pelosi saying Congress would have to sign off on a reprogramming of money for the border wall: I would never use Nancy Pelosi as my source for legal authority on probably anything.
WH's Sanders on Congress moving to avert a gov't shutdown: Once they make a decision, and they put something on the table, we'll make the determination on whether or not we'll move forward on either a short-term or long-term spending bill.
WH's Sanders on gov't shutdown: The Senate has thrown out a lot of ideas.  We're disappointed in the fact that they've yet to actually vote on something and pass something.  So when they do that, we'll make a determination on whether or not we're going to sign that.
Trump this afternoon about what may happen with a shutdown: We'll see what happens...it's too early to say.
The Senate is still trying to get an agreement to set up votes on amendments to, and, perhaps even passage of, the criminal justice reform bill. There could be action tonight. Or…this is could continue for a few more days as they try to finish the bill up
The outcome of all legislative crises each December is always determined by the most important people in Washington. Not the lawmakers. But their spouses who want lawmakers to wrap things up &amp; hustle home for Christmas.
So will GOPers fight for a wall? Many Republicans fear they will be blamed for a shutdown..even though the President took credit for a shutdown last week. So, an interim spending bill is likely coming in the next few days.
McConnell questioned why Pelosi would want to start the new year dealing with last year’s work. The reason? It gives Pelosi an opportunity to fight with President Trump over an issue which is toxic and helps Democrats. It also endears Pelosi to her Democratic colleagues.
Doing an interim spending bill to avoid a shutdown would also punt the issue over to the new, Democratically-controlled House in January. McConnell earlier reiterated he didn’t think there would be a government shutdown.
After the rejection of GOP offer by Dems, only thing lawmakers can tackle now to avoid a government shutdown is a short-term spending bill to get things into Jan or Feb. Such a measure would likely re-up all funding of the outstanding seven spending bills at the current level
Shelby on avoiding a gov't shutdown: The clock is ticking, but it’s a long time up here. We call it a long time till midnight Monday, I mean Friday. Our goal is to try to reach that goal.
Shelby on using defense money to build the wall: I do believe this - believe in the Constitution that the President of the United States, whoever that is, has got the power and the right to secure the borders and defend the nation.
Shelby: I think things are a lot more fluid than they were a week ago. It could get better or it could get worse. We are trying to thread a needle politically...we’re going to keep talking today. I’ll let you know when I know something.
From colleague Caroline McKee. Senate Apps Cmte Chair Shelby says things are looking like they may have to move an interim spending bill to avoid a gov't shutdown at the end of the wk.
Jordan to Comey: Were you concerned..the President might get the wrong impression that..you had this important information, that..you could hold that over the President's head? Comey. I was very concerned that he might interpret it as an effort to pull a J Edgar Hoover on him
Gowdy to Comey: Well, are you familiar with Andy McCabe's memo? Are you familiar with what he filed with the court? 	Comey. Generally, yes. I haven't read it. I read press accounts of it.
Comey on whether or not FBI broke protocol when it i-viewed Flynn: The FBI does not do that in noncustodial interviews. And..you want to find out what the witness will say to you before you heat up an i-view by raising the prospect that the witness might be lying to you
Comey when asked by Gowdy about whether they broke protocol, having Flynn answer questions w/no counsel present. Comey: He knew what he was going to be asked about. He was an extraordinarily experienced person and so reasonably should be assumed..you can't lie to the FBI.
Gowdy to Comey on Clinton emails:  If they were destroyed they weren't located. Comey: There were emails that by her account were destroyed. We found a lot of emails including after late Oct. Whether those we found were the same as..which had been destroyed is impossible to answr
Comey transcript: Gowdy: President Obama said of her email arrangement, "I don't think it posed a national security problem." How would he have known that at the time?	Mr. Comey. I can't answer that question
Hse Oversight/Judiciary Cmtes release 2nd day of transcribed interview w/fmr FBI Dir James Comey: https://t.co/NUCJSqUOVW
Schumer on reprogramming money for the wall:	I sure wouldn’t want to take away money from the troops
Schumer on a possible agreement to confirm a slate of judges at the end of the year:	We have not had discussion about judges
Schumer on if a rejection of the initial GOP offer is just how negotiations always go:	We had an offer on the table for days. This is the only offer we know that could pass both houses
Schumer on a short-term bill:	If Leader McConnell puts a short-term bill on the floor, we would have a serious discussion about it		Schumer on President Trump saying he’d take credit for a shutdown:	His basic position was untenable. We were surprised when he said it
Schumer on the Obamacare ruling:	We must act. And we hope we can act in a biparisan way. Sen. Manchin has a resolution to authorize the Senate Counse to defend the Affordable Care Act before the Senate..we intened to push for that as soon as possible
Schumer on reprogramming money for the wall:	It would require Congressional approval. They’re not getting it