@stitchfixmen This entire government is just simply put.....disfunctional
So happy for the tax break in 2018. So sad to file in 2019. What a scam just like this government we now have.
@JeffGordonWeb great announcing.
Just an impressive performance by Foles in the super bowl never seen s more determined quarterback running the offense. This coming from a lifelong Jets fan
https://t.co/P0amhnxs0R
Port Authority bombing suspect's family faces backlash after chastising authorities via the @FoxNews App. Just hang in the same place he tried to murder people. Hopefully he will suffer before taking his last breath  https://t.co/NElFlC9Jr8
@nd_news @NBCNews All the more reason to take out the nut job running the country.
Time for Kelly to GO! #NDvsSTAN
Need to consider change in the football program. Kelly had to many good teams not to win the big one.
Is it time for a change at Notre Dame. Big donors need to voice their opinion.
Sometimes it not winning bowl games or championships it’s about knocking off the best.
Should go straight to the gas chamber, firing squad and hell with the lethal injection that’s to easy.
Suspect arrested in western Pennsylvania police officer shooting		(Via LancasterOnline) https://t.co/6iISsJInm1
RT @ABC: WATCH LIVE: Firefighters battling massive 4-alarm fire in Manhattan. https://t.co/u0Q3hHoWuC
@BleacherReport Kelly sucked when they were winning and now he sucks even more. The only thing he is good at is blaming everyone else.
They should give the terrorist his ISIS flag in the hospital. Should stuff it down his throat until his last breath.
@GeorgeHWBush @BillClinton @BarackObama @ladygaga @AmericaAppeal (W) is a great American
The only outcome of this election is uncertainty. Whomever wins it's going to be an historical letdown.
When is notre dame going to fire this coach
Just witnessed another poor coaching on Kelly's part!
When this god forsaken election is over it's time to clean both houses of congress.
We should prepare ourselves for the worst possible outcome. Clinton or Trump? Doesn't matter.
@JoeNBC @NYDailyNews Comey  is doing what's right for this country. I believe there are bombshells to come before Tuesday.
One week and one day left to go. Only change is which disaster will be elected?
Democratic Party is no longer doing the happy dance.
@katiecouric Which crook does the American voters want? Have to choose regardless
One belongs in prison one belongs in a institution thanks to both parties for their generous gifts to the American voter.
Casting all those millions of votes for what? Two least popular candidates in the history of our country. Not a proud American right now.
@NicolleDWallace @RossTime you do a great job. Don't change a thing
@Morning_Joe Paul Ryan should be held in high regards. Every republican should be like him. Its a shame he isn't the nominee.
New name for the healthcare is now called Obamascare have you read the premiums estimates? How dumb are we? Electing Clinton is the same.
The good thing about electing Trump is well there is nothing.
The good thing about electing Clinton is her popularity can only go up I think?
@Morning_Joe awesome show
Who would have thought in 2016 Cubs/Indians and Clinton
Republicans cannot blame Trump for losing. That's the best they got. Bob Dole could have beaten Clinton this time
Obama gets 25% bump not in polls but premiums it's getting worse
How you like me now 25% bump not in polls but premiums  https://t.co/a1QnISnknr
Obama vetoes right to sue for 911 victims he is just as bad as Trump and Clinton thank god congress came to their senses.
Vallejo Calif police officers should have terminated the life of the assassinator Sunday night. Enough is enough blue lives matter
The saddest day in politics is about to occur we will be electing the 30% class. God bless America
@KatyTurNBC way to go katy.
Republican Party was undressed by Trump. It needed to happen. Should not be rebuilt by the same individuals who destroyed it.
Putin/Hclinton no different when in charge. Deceptive and liars.
How can the American voters vote in a person who is convicted as a liar, untrustworthy and is driven by personal agendas?😳
We are three weeks away from total uncertainty
How about that coaching @ Notre Dame. Give him an extension and raise.
@PennLive she might have lied but she is bringing them down.
What is sad for this nation is what choices we have for president. Are we better off not voting. Don't vote don't complain no longer is true
America's only hope is to vote for the best qualified Vice-presidential candidate.
What's happening to this country? Donald or Hillary? Great choice America
The shooter in California should be executed by the police department and the manner should be firing squad in a public setting.
Masterful performance by Trump last night. What's so masterful it was done in the gutter with another low life performer.
How in god sakes do they call ND a division one team with a division three coach
Please please fire the coach at ND! I rather see Trump President then this coach staying on!!!
If the Democratic Party had a formidable candidate this election would be over. Trump just gave it to her. https://t.co/yb4nAxqKKm
Prayers to the east coast in the path of Matthew just left Savanna and Charleston last week. So beautiful stay safe everyone listen.
@FightingIrish @NDFootball fired the wrong coach.
We slowly are becoming a third world country with a lot of billionaires with this current tax code. It won't change with these two idiots.
Arnold Palmer greatest person to represent the golfing world. Rest In Peace.
Notte Dame should hire Les Miles
They fired the wrong coach.ND is smarter than that.
Fire Kelly and keep the players. Great move on giving the extension to him . Maybe it's not enough for the loser.
Fire the coaching staff
@JoeNBC prayers and thoughts to your family.
Mika- your the most trusted person on all the talk shows.