RT @jdawsey1: Mcgahn is going back to Jones Day, via ⁦@costareports⁩  https://t.co/F1JpeELcWl
RT @jmartNYT: One of the most fun parts about covering the Ala Senate special was getting to spend time in Fairhope 		https://t.co/IfVDFDv6…
RT @CNNSotu: .@AmbJohnBolton on Venezuela: “I’d like to see as broad a coalition as we can put together to replace Maduro”		@jaketapper: Do…
RT @ryanstruyk: .@jaketapper: "Do you take Kim Jong Un at his word?"  		.@AmbJohnBolton: "The president takes him at his word."	  	@jaketap…
A legal battle for the ages. https://t.co/eHnJ3Y17LK
President Trump was not asked if he holds North Korea generally responsible for Otto Warmbier's death. He was asked if he has confronted Kim and if he holds him personally responsible. "I don’t believe that he would've allowed that to happen. Just wasn’t to his advantage..." https://t.co/FAtjNYqNZQ
@epc303 Awe man. Next time!
Otto Warmbier’s parents have responded. “We have been respectful during this summit process. Now we must speak out. Kim and his evil regime are responsible for the death of our son Otto. Kim and his evil regime are responsible for unimaginable cruelty and inhumanity...” https://t.co/esU45U8JVL
What a trip. Our final report from Vietnam: https://t.co/4F5FfltMiR
This is breaking as Jared Kushner is on a tour through the Middle East right now to pitch his proposal for a peace plan. https://t.co/whRnHSb3Ds
RT @eorden: Trump Ordered Officials to Give Jared Kushner a Security Clearance https://t.co/U6R0zYaRie
Sarah Sanders tells reporters on Air Force One that President Trump spoke with the leaders of South Korea and Japan to update them on his nuclear summit with Kim Jong Un. He said his administration would “continue the conversations” with Kim.
Trump ends his press conference here in Hanoi with, "Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm about to get on a plane and fly back to a wonderful place called Washington, D.C."
President Trump says he and Kim Jong Un discussed Otto Warmbier, the American student who was detained in North Korea and died shortly after he returned home in a coma in 2017. "He tells me that he didn’t know about it and I will take him at his word," Trump says.
Trump tells @jonkarl he's not pleased with the timing of the Michael Cohen hearing. "Having it in the middle of this very important summit is really a terrible thing." He says Cohen lied a lot, but adds he was impressed that he didn't lie about there being no collusion.
President Trump: "It was about the sanctions. Basically, they wanted the sanctions lifted in their entirety, and we couldn’t do that. And they were willing to de-nuke a large portion of the areas we wanted, but we couldn’t give up all the sanctions for that."
Secretary of State Pompeo adds this of Kim: "We asked him to do more and he was unprepared to do that."
"Sometimes you have to walk," President Trump says after his summit with Kim Jong Un was cut short. "And this was just one of those times."
No deal in Hanoi, as talks between President Trump and Kim Jong Un seem to have taken an unexpected turn. Lunch has been scrapped and the joint signing ceremony is seriously in doubt now that the leaders have returned to their respective hotels. https://t.co/AloR7OzKD7
NEWS — The White House says no agreement was reached between Trump and Kim. “The two leaders discussed various ways to advance denuclearization and economic driven concepts. No agreement was reached at this time, but their respective teams look forward to meeting in the future.”
To give a sense of how abrupt this change in scheduling is, the White House had already sent out the menu for President Trump and Kim Jong Un’s lunch, a meal that didn’t happen.
The White House isn’t offering details right now. Only saying POTUS will explain at the presser.
There was supposed to be a lunch between the two sides. But neither ever came into the room where menus and chairs with name cards were set up.
Significant change of plans here in Hanoi — Sarah Sanders just told the pool that negotiations are ongoing but will wrap up soon. The president’s press conference, scheduled for 4 p.m., will now be at 2 p.m. (It appears unlikely there will be a signing ceremony as scheduled.)
RT @ABC: During back-and-forth between reporters and Kim Jong Un, Pres. Trump cautioned, "Don't raise your voice, please, this isn't like d…
Trump and Kim went back and forth over the prospect of opening a U.S. office in Pyongyang. “I would like to hear that answer," Trump said. Kim, responding through his interpreter, said idea was "welcomeable." Trump said it’s a good idea. Kim suggested discussing privately.
RT @MarkLandler: Kudos to ⁦@DavidNakamura⁩ for making a bit of history today: first reporter’s question asked, and answered, by Kim Jong-un…
RT @kathrynw5: WOW, Kim takes a second question so far today.		Q: Are you willing to denuclearize?		Kim: "If I'm not willing to do that I w…
President Trump and Kim Jong Un just strolled outside by the hotel pool with their respective translators. Secretary of State Pompeo and Kim Yong Chol, the former North Korean spy chief, were also there. Then the group went back inside. Next up? An expanded bilateral meeting.
RT @KFaulders: Spotted at the Trump Hotel in DC — former AG Jeff Sessions
President Trump and Kim Jong Un will cap off their summit in Hanoi with a joint signing ceremony, raising questions about what they will sign. Trump just said, "I think we’re going to have fantastic success. I can't speak necessary for today, but a little bit longer term."
As he sits down with Kim Jong Un for formal talks, President Trump repeatedly says he is in no rush. “There’s no rush...Chairman Kim and I just want to do the right thing...Speed is not important.”
There's a lot to talk about after Michael Cohen's explosive hearing. One thing that will remain at the top: the checks, which he said reveal just how involved Trump was in the hush money payment plan, including this one, dated 8/1/17 &amp; signed by Trump. 	https://t.co/PQlNSyl2xR https://t.co/mg1LSYjkTK
RT @rebeccaballhaus: Michael Cohen: "I don't believe there's anybody out there that believes that I just decided to pay $130,000 on his beh…
"I don't know the answer," Michael Cohen says when asked if President Trump's tax returns were really under audit by the IRS. "I presume that he's not under audit."
Right. Cohen told associates he believed he could be named chief of staff and was crushed when he was not offered the job, which went to Reince Priebus, per several people. https://t.co/HAGMx3pzwg
Michael Cohen says President Trump asked him to threaten over 200, and maybe 500, individuals or entities on his behalf during their 10 years together. “When you say threaten, talking about with litigation or an argument with a nasty reporter that is writing an article,” he adds.
Sen. Lindsey Graham tells @sunlenserfaty he spoke to President Trump last night. “I think he was upset he was gonna have dueling shows here," Graham said. "That it did bother him there's going to be a split screen between Michael Cohen and Kim Jong Un."
RT @jameshohmann: Watch for more Republicans on the Oversight Committee to toss time to Jim Jordan because they think their ranking member…
He is back at his hotel for the night. https://t.co/OTFA8amJVr
The White House announces there will be a signing ceremony tomorrow after the Trump-Kim meeting. Conditions TBD. https://t.co/O3wjvYYwS3
RT @yashar: Scooplet: Longtime Trump aide Lynne Patton (who now serves as a HUD official) is attending hearing as a guest of Rep. Mark Mead…
Multiple U.S. reporters were blocked by the White House from covering President Trump's dinner with Kim Jong Un because of "sensitivities over shouted questions." That after U.S. reporters were booted from their workspace because Kim Jong Un was staying at that hotel.
Statement from @PressSec: “Due to the sensitive nature of the meetings we have limited the pool for the dinner to a smaller group, but ensured that representation of photographers, tv, radio and print Poolers are all in the room..." https://t.co/mraHuwR9jI
Per pooler @vmsalama, the White House was not going to let any print reporters in the room to cover President Trump's dinner with Kim tonight "due to sensitivities over shouted questions." They agreed to let her in after photographers protested.
The escalating tensions come at a politically crucial time for India, which is scheduled to hold national elections by the end of May. Pakistan closed its airspace on Wednesday, according to the country's Civil Aviation Authority. https://t.co/ibF3qObn3F
For the second time in less than a year, President Trump shakes hands with Kim Jong Un. "I think we'll be very successful," he adds, amid broad smiles and small talk. Asked if he'd walked back his vow to insist upon the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula, Trump said, "No."
RT @jdawsey1: “About 8 North Korean journalists (all men) joined us during the security sweep. They are all wearing black and navy suits, a…
President Trump will come face to face with Kim Jong Un for the first time since arriving in Vietnam shortly. They have a 20-minute one-on-one and then a 90-minute dinner, which could go longer. The one-on-one is expected to be informal, so there could be another tomorrow.
Remembering this from July 2017. In his prepared remarks, Michael Cohen says "lying to the First Lady is one of my biggest regrets." "She is a kind, good person. I respect her greatly – and she did not deserve that." https://t.co/zt0q8bArHp https://t.co/RJlTm0CNIL
RT @dougmillsnyt: .@realDonaldTrump waves a flag as he participates in greeting with Nguyen Xuan Phu Prime Minister of the Socialist Republ…
President Trump wraps up his meetings with Vietnamese officials in about 15 minutes. Then he has a four hour lull back at his hotel before dinner with Kim Jong Un tonight. 		https://t.co/dHt2MMMh6f
RT @Phil_Mattingly: The U.S. House, 245-182, voted to pass the resolution to terminate Pres. Trump's National Emergency Declaration. 	13 Re…
Live from Vietnam, my preview of President Trump's second summit with Kim Jong Un. https://t.co/1Gu3d3wxfC
After meetings with Vietnamese leaders during the day tomorrow, President Trump will head to the Sofitel Legend Metropole hotel at night, where he'll greet Kim Jong Un before a 20 minute one-one-one between the two leaders. Then they'll attend a "social dinner" for 90 minutes.
President Trump has arrived in Vietnam for his second summit with Kim Jong Un, who got here this morning. Trump isn't expected to see Kim until tomorrow night, when they’ll meet for a small dinner with a few advisers. Secretary of State Pompeo &amp; Mick Mulvaney are slated to join.
RT @brianstelter: UPDATE: Univision president @DCoronell just tweeted in Spanish that "Jorge Ramos and his team have been released and are…
As Kim Jong Un arrives in Vietnam, 	the Vietnamese foreign ministry says the White House press corps will be relocated from the hotel where they were set to broadcast, which was the same location he’s rumored to be staying. https://t.co/jtBD5SVbSX
RT @DavidNakamura: Kim arrives in Vietnam https://t.co/NDVwlkfZeK
RT @eorden: Former campaign staffer alleges in lawsuit that Trump kissed her without her consent. The White House denies the charge. https:…
Vice President Pence is at Joint Base Andrews for an early flight to Colombia for his first face-to-face meeting with Juan Guaido. President Trump heads to Vietnam in a few hours for his second summit with Kim Jong Un. Both will be overseas at the same time for a couple hours.
"President Trump delayed his own deadline to increase tariffs on Chinese goods on Sunday as his administration continues a monthslong effort to persuade Beijing to make significant structural changes to its economy that have so far proved elusive." https://t.co/W3wkREkgvt
RT @Phil_Mattingly: “...but his speech did not offer concrete policy remedies demanded by many of the faithful.” https://t.co/8qbpHJNNup
RT @jaketapper: ATTN TEXAS! No family expected at funeral of SPC Hugh Gary Bryan &amp; the veterans cemetery in Killeen is asking those in the…
In the sentencing memo for Paul Manafort, prosecutors wrote, “His criminal actions were bold, some of which were committed while under a spotlight due to his work as the campaign chairman and, later, while he was on bail from this Court.” https://t.co/FGAjo2zm9w
RT @CNNSitRoom: President Trump told reporters that he's looking forward to reading special counsel Robert Mueller's report and that it wil…
Secretary of State Pompeo had been pushing Craft for the job &gt;&gt; https://t.co/IFwc3SC98m
After a DOJ official said Mueller isn't expected to deliver his report next week, President Trump said he looks forward to reading it. "There was no collusion. There was no obstruction...No phone calls...If it's an honest report, it will say that. If it's not, it won't."
RT @ShimonPro: Mueller’s report will not be delivered next week, according to a DOJ official.
According to pooler @HallieJackson, President Trump said he would 100 percent veto any effort to block his national emergency. House Democrats introduced a resolution to do so today.
RT @ArletteSaenz: As he watches the Democratic field take shape, President Trump has asked aides for political intelligence on @JoeBiden an…
A power struggle between Trump's re-election campaign &amp; those who helped him win the White House has already emerged. Corey Lewandowski &amp; David Bossie weren't invited to the meeting, amid a growing rivalry between Lewandowski &amp; Parscale. W @jeffzeleny https://t.co/cjv7SJWukz
Trump has been holding regular meetings with a small circle of advisers at the White House, led by his 2020 campaign manager Brad Parscale. On Tuesday, that meeting got a little bigger when Parscale sat down with Trump, Pence and more than a dozen aides.	https://t.co/cjv7SJWukz
RT @jeffzeleny: One presidential candidate is following the Democratic primary race closer than you might imagine. His name is Donald J. Tr…
Wow. https://t.co/w0Z2ZVPnHu
The Manhattan district attorney’s office is preparing state criminal charges against Paul Manafort, President Trump’s former campaign chairman, in an effort to ensure he will still face prison time even if the president pardons him for his federal crimes.	https://t.co/XdqkRy05kJ
RT @ShimonPro: Roger Stone is gagged	 	Judge Amy Berman Jackson changes the terms and gags Roger Stone completely.	 	From this moment on, S…
https://t.co/2BuQwGv3Y3
Hours after it was announced Pence is going to Colombia Monday, Nicolas Maduro said he's closed Venezuela's border with Brazil and is considering closing the one with Colombia. This is ahead of planned aid deliveries organized by the opposition, which he called “a provocation."
RT @jeremyherb: Michael Cohen is on Capitol Hill today, ahead of his testimony next week -- here he is departing Senate Intel spaces, where…
Pence will meet with the Lima Group in Colombia Monday, where he’ll give a speech on the “tragic humanitarian and security crises unfolding” in Venezuela as U.S. attempts to deliver aid. He’ll also meet with Colombian President Ivan Duque and families who fled the Maduro regime.
RT @oliverdarcy: Chicago police say Jussie Smolett paid $3,500 to stage the attack because he was dissatisfied with his salary.
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo rules out a Senate run during his Today show interview. “I love doing what I’m doing. I have great warriors around the world, trying to deliver for the American people. It’s ruled out. I’m here. I’m loving it.”
The House Oversight Committee now says Michael Cohen will testify next Wednesday at 10 a.m., while the president is 8,000 miles away in Hanoi.
RT @Variety: BREAKING: Jussie Smollett named a suspect by Chicago police for filing false report https://t.co/blGQSSnJz2
https://t.co/LGYLmLcA9i
President Trump doesn't offer any reaction to Andrew McCabe saying he briefed Republican lawmakers on the investigation into him and that they didn't react, but calls McCabe "a poor man’s J. Edgar Hoover.”
Will the Mueller report become public? Trump says, "From what I understand, that’ll be totally up to the attorney general."
Asked if he's considering replacing Dan Coats as his intelligence chief, President Trump tells me, “I haven’t even thought about it." Trump ally Chris Ruddy, who saw the president in Palm Beach last weekend, raised questions about his future in recent days.
RT @PhilipRucker: Asked by @kaitlancollins whether the Mueller report should be released while he's overseas next week, Trump says: "That'l…
President Trump will be in Vietnam for his second summit with Kim Jong Un next week. 	https://t.co/84sl5D66tK
RT @ShimonPro: A judge has granted Michael Cohen's request to delay his prison report date until May 6th.
A second meeting won't be the same, aides have warned Trump, hoping to temper expectations. Still, he's eager to use the meeting to bolster his standing on the world stage, particularly as Democrats wield newfound investigative power. From @Kevinliptakcnn https://t.co/bnl5w2kURa
@maggieNYT No, it's over. I was just double checking the quotes and was slow to tweet.
Trump says he watched Whitaker's congressional testimony, which was "exceptional." During it, Whitaker said, "At no time has the White House asked for, nor have I provided, any promises or commitments concerning the special counsel's investigation or any other investigation."
President Trump denies asking Matt Whitaker to put an ally in charge of the Cohen investigation. "No, I don’t know who gave you that," Trump said. "That's more fake news." He adds that he has a lot of respect for Whitaker, who has "done a great job" and is "a straight shooter."
https://t.co/kxNNcLoDsJ https://t.co/izvNvRchNh
https://t.co/kxNNcLoDsJ https://t.co/rF4CXDPVN5
During his brief time out of the White House, Short joined a consulting firm, taught at the University of Virginia's business school and appeared on CNN as a paid contributor. (He is no longer paid by CNN.)
Short’s return to the administration is a rare one — most staffers who leave don’t typically come back. It remains to be seen if he will be as visibile in this role as he was during his last, when he regularly defended POTUS on TV. https://t.co/wd9B5Zsg5D
Marc Short is returning to the administration with a new title: chief of staff for Vice President Mike Pence. Short, who previously served as the White House legislative affairs director before stepping down last summer, will replace Nick Ayers. First reported by NYT.
The Trump campaign has now issued a statement on Bernie Sanders, making him the second out of several declared candidates to get one. https://t.co/3bPfFv7jbp
RT @KateBolduan: Bernie Sanders just announced on Vermont Public Radio that he is running for President again.
RT @LauraAJarrett: DAG Rosenstein now expected to step down by mid-March, according to a Justice official, who disputed the idea the timing…
Rod Rosenstein is expected to leave the Justice Department in mid-March, per ⁦@LauraAJarrett⁩  https://t.co/RGAvqeYxEL
RT @ShimonPro: Roger Stone formally apologized in a letter filed with the court.		"Please inform the Court that the photograph and comment…
Echoing what John Bolton said on stage before him, President Trump tells the crowd in Miami, “The days of socialism and communism are numbered not only in Venezuela, but in Nicaragua and Cuba as well.”
https://t.co/lQHWY9mQHC
RT @cnnbrk: Chicago police think "Empire" actor Jussie Smollett paid two men to orchestrate the assault on himself, two police sources say…
CNN asked the White House why Nauert had not been formally nominated. They told @kylieatwood "some of the routine paperwork involving nominations was delayed during the partial government shutdown, but now that the government is open, these nominations will move forward.” https://t.co/pnS5Zor5Fx
Nauert withdraws.  https://t.co/n05plBGIbR
"I traveled in our delegation with people who had family who had been at Auschwitz...To walk with them and think that two generations ago their forebears came there in boxcars and we would arrive in a motorcade...is an extraordinary experience for us."	https://t.co/ol4cNf5dtp
After Brock Long abruptly resigned earlier this week, the White House has nominated a new FEMA administrator: Jeffrey Byard of Alabama. https://t.co/7CnpS2SF8r
RT @ZekeJMiller: .@PressSec: “The President has been briefed and is monitoring the ongoing situation in Aurora, IL.”
"The President urged me, like he has everyone in the administration, to fully cooperate with the special counsel. I was happy to voluntarily sit down with them," Sanders said in a statement to CNN.
Huge scoop from @PamelaBrownCNN -- Sarah Sanders has been interviewed by the special counsel.
Republican Sen. Lamar Alexander says Trump declaring an emergency is unwise and inconsistent with the Constitution: "It is unwise because if this president can declare a national emergency to build a wall, the next president can declare a national emergency to tear it down."
Sarah Sanders tells reporters President Trump signed the spending bill about 20 minutes ago. He signed the emergency declaration earlier this morning.
Interesting remark from a WH official who briefed reporters this a.m: "We’ve now been through 3 weeks of allowing Congress to try &amp; work their will and they’re simply incapable of providing the amount of money necessary in the President’s eyes to address the current situation."
"I didn’t need to do this, but I’d rather do it much faster," President Trump says of his national emergency declaration.
"I got almost $1.4 billion dollars when I wasn’t supposed to even get one dollar," Trump says, referencing Nancy Pelosi. "But I’m not happy with it."
"We will have a national emergency. And then we will be sued. And they will sue us in the Ninth Circuit, even though it shouldn’t be there. And we will possibly get a bad ruling. Then we’ll get another bad ruling. And then we'll end up in the Supreme Court..." https://t.co/3CJrqZjQrd
Using no TelePrompTer, President Trump declares a national emergency to build his border wall. “We’re going to be signing today, and registering, national emergency. And it’s a great thing to do,” he says.
RT @EamonJavers: President Trump asks an “angel mom” whose daughter was killed as a result of illegal immigration to stand. She is holding…
President Trump starts off his Rose Garden event where he’s expected to declare a national emergency by talking about the status of the China trade talks, Syria and his upcoming summit with Kim Jong Un.
Bill Barr, on his first day on the job as attorney general, is seated in the front row in the Rose Garden.
Great point from @Phil_Mattingly: How close was President Trump to opposing this bill? Sen. McConnell just gave in on an issue — declaring a national emergency — that he’s been unbending on for weeks in order to secure his support.
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Statement from @PressSec: https://t.co/DoYuypF1lr
In the hours before Sen. McConnell announced President Trump would sign the spending bill, Trump was calling allies &amp; telling them he was considering not signing it. Mulvaney, Kirstjen Nielsen and Shahira Knight have been huddling w him in the Oval this afternoon, two people say
RT @Phil_Mattingly: NEWS: McConnell: “The president will sign the bill. We’ll be voting on it shortly.”
With the caveat that nothing is ever final in Trump world until he says so, advisers say he has grown increasingly concerned about what's in the 1,100-page legislation that was released late last night. Aides no longer privately saying he will likely sign. https://t.co/KuIXu8Tu7K
News — President Trump's aides now say they are less certain he will sign the bipartisan spending compromise, a major shift from earlier this week when they indicated privately he would. He is increasingly concerned about what's in the 1,100-page legislation. W @Kevinliptakcnn
Chief Justice John Roberts will swear in Bill Barr as the next attorney general at the White House this afternoon.
In a new statement, Sarah Sanders says, “Andrew McCabe has no credibility and is an embarrassment to the men and women of the FBI and our great country.” https://t.co/N2TlbPJMt0
RT @nytimes: Breaking News: Amazon said it was canceling plans to build a corporate campus in New York City https://t.co/vv4FLow9ZQ
Pence tells @AlliemalCNN, "The President is still evaluating the bill the conference committee has produced. He’s been very clear that not happy with it." Later adds, "There’s $23 billion in border security funding, including many of the priorities that we requested..."
In public, Trump has remained gracious about Republican efforts to secure a border deal. But privately, he has cast the GOP's dealmaking as inadequate and wondered why he, an experienced dealmaker, wasn't consulted more. Latest w/ @Kevinliptakcnn https://t.co/MTTrvoyQY6
While taking questions in Warsaw, Pence says he's spoken w/ Trump about the border deal. Pence says it's clear Trump isn't happy with lack of funding, calling it "a disappointment," but adds he's evaluating it "as well as other authority he has as president of the United States."
RT @MCJalonick: After Senate opening prayer, Grassley leans into mic and adds: "Let's all pray that the president will have wisdom to sign…
A DOJ spokesman responds to Andrew McCabe's interview, saying Rod Rosenstein "rejects Mr. McCabe’s recitation of events as inaccurate and factually incorrect. The Deputy Attorney General never authorized any recording that Mr. McCabe references," per @LauraAJarrett https://t.co/CQwPwc2CNk
RT @fred_guttenberg: Exactly one year ago, to the minute at around 7am, I sent two kids to school. Only my son Jesse came home.  Jaime was…
RT @NickNehamas: A remembrance of the victims from the Parkland shooting — as told by their classmates https://t.co/n9xzbD26UJ
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Here it is: 1,159 pages. The full text of the border security/spending package: 	https://t.co/LcAnlvqqRM
FEMA administrator Brock Long has resigned, per @Geneva_Sands. "Deputy Administrator Pete Gaynor will become Acting Administrator upon Brock’s departure," @SecNielsen says in a statement. https://t.co/cOImYwicEl
RT @eorden: NEW, w/ @karascannell: The Justice Department is investigating the leak of Michael Cohen’s SARs, per people familiar. Prosecuto…
When Trump says the border security compromise has $23 billion, he's referring to the $22.5 billion top line funding number for all border security related aspects in the agreement -- including barriers, technology, personnel, etc.
President Trump just greeted Colombian President Ivan Duque at the White House. Asked about sending American troops there -- like was written on John Bolton's yellow notepad last month -- Trump says, "I never talk about that."
When @mkraju asked Rep. Ilhan Omar about her tweet saying Trump has "trafficked in hate" his whole life, she responded, “Are you serious? What is wrong with you? Yes, I tweeted and there’s a response. You can run that. Have a nice day.”
RT @mviser: President Trump has installed a room-sized “golf simulator” game at the White House, which allows him to play virtual rounds at…
Just in to CNN: The US has charged a former Air Force intel specialist with espionage for Iran, according to an indictment unsealed in federal court. Monica Witt, also a former counterintel officer for the Air Force Office of Special Investigations, defected to Iran in 2013.
RT @KilloughCNN: “We hope to have the papers done, ready to go by tomorrow, and we hope to pass it by tomorrow night,” @LeaderHoyer said re…
RT @jmartNYT: NEW: How frozen are Va Dems?   House caucus emailed members warning them a @nytimes reporter (a colleague) was in Capitol to…
Of the ailments endured by the newest generation of veterans — PTSD, traumatic brain injuries, lost limbs &amp; more — among the least understood are those possibly related to exposure to toxins in Iraq &amp; Afghanistan, especially from fires known as burn pits. https://t.co/85bMztU3qA
I’m still laughing at @jaketapper’s son’s answers in this interview. “I don’t care about the news. The only news I watch is Lego news.” https://t.co/r50wtS9r7j
@PressSec told reporters this morning that the White House is still waiting to see the final text.
Shelby told Trump that the over one billion dollars included in the deal for fencing is in the range of what the president wanted — a hard sell considering the president demanded $5.7 billion. But aides feel confident there won't be another funding lapse.
Sources who have spoken to Trump tell @DanaBashCNN he intends to sign the deal. But it's telling no officials have said on the record that he'll do so. I'm told Trump wasn't completely sold by Sen. Shelby's phone call last night, when Shelby pitched the funding number overall.
RT @markknoller: VP Pence tells US and Polish troops that the world "is a more dangerous place," and the Free World needs @NATO to be "stro…
I love the replies to this. The 72-hour rule requires legislation to be released three days before it receives a vote on the floor.
Hearing lawmakers have told the White House they are considering waiving the 72-hour rule.
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Senate Approps Chair Richard Shelby tells reporters he just got off the phone with President Trump. 	Briefed him on the…
One idea that was floated throughout the White House in recent days — depending on what congressional negotiators came up with — was taking deal to avoid another government shutdown, but also using other federal funds to build additional border barriers. https://t.co/CqmhoEkFBa
President Trump is still on stage in El Paso so he hasn’t been fully briefed on the agreement negotiators reached yet. Aides are looking at the agreement, but haven’t signaled whether it’s a deal he’ll accept, adding they are keeping their options open for now.
Trump says he was told progress was being made in funding talks before coming onstage. "I said wait a minute, I gotta take care of my people from Texas. I got to go. I don’t even want to hear about it....So we probably have some good news, but who knows?"
President Trump is paying attention to Beto O’Rourke’s dueling rally planned in El Paso tonight. “We have a line that’s very long already,” Trump said, adding, “You’ve seen what’s going on. I understand our competitor’s got a line too, but it’s a tiny little line.”
Good morning from El Paso, where the president holds his first campaign rally of the year tonight. I started my morning with a hike and healthy breakfast of tamales. (Not pictured because I ate them so fast.) https://t.co/Kzx6gtreoM
The complicated funding talks have been split over more things than just the wall — and limiting detention beds has been a big issue in recent days. https://t.co/h281vRG8sb
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Negotiators haven’t settled on a topline border barrier number, but that’s not driving the impasse - it’s an issue btwn…
In Tennessee, two doctors and a nurse practitioner have pleaded guilty to defrauding a military insurance program out of $65 million. https://t.co/Ipw79IqG2i
Asked if he plans to serve the rest of this calendar year, Mick Mulvaney says, “Yes. I plan to serve as long as the president wants me to serve.” He adds that the talk of him becoming Commerce Secretary was “a discussion we had back in the fall.”
On Meet the Press, Mick Mulvaney doesn’t shed any light on why the White House failed to submit a report to Congress about who’s responsible for Khashoggi’s murder: “I honestly don’t know....Not aware of the status of that report....You’d have to ask Secretary Pompeo.”
The Trump campaign issues a statement on Elizabeth Warren, who is set to officially announce her presidential run shortly. https://t.co/kdGw3BdvrC
We’re headed for Hanoi for the president’s second summit with Kim Jong Un. https://t.co/hdDP9jcjVP
RT @merica: Big news from @ryanobles is breaking on @CNNSitRoom: Virginia State Del. Patrick Hope has begun the the process of drafting the…
The White House refusal to meet the legal requirement by Friday's deadline is likely to heighten anger on both sides of the aisle in Congress, where Khashoggi's killing has galvanized lawmakers intent on pushing back against Trump's defense of the Kingdom. https://t.co/gM1jxF0Hzr
RT @ryanobles: NEW: @LGJustinFairfax denies second allegation.. and calls for full investigation into her claims. He also makes it clear:…
RT @ryanobles: BREAKING: A second woman has come forward with a sexual assault allegation against @LGJustinFairfax.	Through her attorney, M…
"Special Representative Biegun and Special Representative Kim agreed to meet again in advance of President Trump and Chairman Kim’s second summit." https://t.co/EdVbOIpge3
RT @dsamuelsohn: NEW: Mueller's office urges court to gag Roger Stone. Story update TK. Here's the proposed order: https://t.co/52hwqRRf59
President Trump orders flags at half-staff for John Dingell, the longest-serving member of Congress who died yesterday at 92.
RT @mkraju: Looks like there are no Republicans left, and all Democrats - so Matt Whitaker going to get aggressive questioning for the next…
I’m not a doctor (yet) so we paged @drsanjaygupta to the White House for President Trump’s annual physical exam today. https://t.co/sV2u4OgrrG
"No I did not," Whitaker says when asked if he discussed his views of the special counsel's investigation with anyone in the president's inner circle — John Kelly, Rudy Giuliani, etc. — before he joined the Justice Department.
Zelinsky, a prosecutor, was spotted wheeling a suitcase to work, then leaving with it just after 2:30 p.m., suggesting he could be getting ready to travel. The special counsel's office later confirmed Zelinsky was in the courtroom for Stone's appearance. https://t.co/6kWcaPjmJ3
RT @mkraju: “Mr. Chairman, I see that your 5 minutes are up,” Whitaker says to Nadler, trying to cut him off. A witness never does that to…
Matt Whitaker says he has not talked to President Trump about the special counsel’s investigation.
RT @MicahGrimes: Republicans in power: This is legitimate oversight.		Democrats in minority: This is political theatre!		-		Democrats in po…
RT @markknoller: Acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker arrives at House Judiciary Committee hearing. Quickly surrounded by photographers as…
Conway said she called 911, though the woman left before local police arrived. After an investigation, Mary Elizabeth Inabinett was charged in November with second-degree assault and disorderly conduct. A trial is set for March. From ⁦@DanaBashCNN⁩: https://t.co/3ntJo0WDQ2
“We're not talking about Iran,” Ivanka Trump said. “It was Russia. And we weren't even advanced enough that anyone had even visited the prospective project site. So it really was just a non-factor....I'm not sure anyone would have thought of it.” https://t.co/08UlUtFcaE
RT @MarkMazzettiNYT: EXCLUSIVE: Saudi Crown Prince told a top aide he would use "a bullet" on Jamal Khashoggi, according to intercepted com…
Rep. Schiff tells @jeremyherb he has a "long tradition of hiring out of the intelligence community." "If the President is worried about our hiring any former administration people, maybe he should work on being a better employer.”	https://t.co/XF6U3fyCJn
RT @mkraju: Schiff hires aides with NSC experience to help on his committee, rattling WH as House Intel prepares to beef up oversight. Trum…
New — House Intelligence Committee Chairman Adam Schiff has hired officials with experience at the National Security Council to help with oversight of President Trump's administration, with @mkraju and @Kevinliptakcnn https://t.co/XF6U3fyCJn
Asked what President Trump meant when he said Democrats are “stealing people who work at the White House,” an administration official told reporters to "ask Adam Schiff what that means.” CNN did. Here’s what he said.  https://t.co/XF6U3fyCJn
RT @jeremyherb: NEW: DOJ responds to Nadler by saying Whitaker will NOT appear at Friday’s hearing unless he receives a written assurance t…
SPOTTED: Paul Ryan on White House grounds.
Sen. Shelby just told @FoxReports that he's headed to the White House this morning to "see the big man" and discuss the conference committee that's in charge of hashing out a deal to avoid another government shutdown.
RT @lachlan: Ummmmmm the Green New Deal outline that AOC's office released says her plan is to "upgrade or replace" EVERY BUILDING IN THE C…
RT @PhilipRucker: “The parking lot suicides” — important story by @emily_wax about veterans who are taking their own lives on VA hospital c…
President Trump and House Speaker Pelosi are both at the National Prayer Breakfast in Washington this morning.
RT @TheLeadCNN: "With the State of the Union in the rearview mirror, President Trump is now facing another possible government shutdown and…
President Trump, in remarks on defeating ISIS at the State Department, says it "should be formally announced sometime probably next week that we will have 100% of the caliphate.”	 	“But I want to wait for the official word. I don’t want to say it too early."
The U.S. government has decided to cut millions in security and military aid to Cameroon amid growing concerns over the Cameroonian government's human rights record, U.S. officials tell CNN. https://t.co/TeqMy4tfO2
"If it is possible to be a dogged reporter, boundlessly ambitious, and also pull up the women behind you, these women are showing the way," @LEBassett writes. Loved being a part of this piece, and love being a part of this team even more. 	https://t.co/B5WY3mIIkW
The White House announces that the president of Colombia will visit next week. https://t.co/EPafcxjfDF
“My impression of him was, what a nice person,” says Scott Neitzel, who led negotiations for Scott Walker’s administration. “An extremely genuine, down-to-earth tycoon.” Inside Wisconsin’s disastrous $4.5 billion deal with Foxconn: https://t.co/PO3d6DqxxG
“Under the terms Walker negotiated, each job at the factory is projected to cost the state at least $219,000 in tax breaks and other incentives. The good or extra-bad news, depending on your perspective, is that there probably won’t be 13,000 of them.” https://t.co/PO3d6DqxxG
RT @ShimonPro: The House Intelligence Committee announced Wednesday morning that Michael Cohen’s testimony has been postponed until Februar…
President Trump is heading to El Paso next Monday for his first rally of the year, per a release sent out by the campaign.
Though drafts of the SOTU speech yesterday didn't include an official North Korea summit announcement, President Trump says, "Chairman Kim and I will meet again on February 27 and 28 in Vietnam."
RT @KFaulders: Referencing statements from @GovernorVA, Trump says: "To defend the dignity of every person, I am asking the Congress to pas…
RT @elianayjohnson: Trump sets goal of eliminating HIV epidemic in the United States within 10 years. "Together, we will defeat AIDS in Ame…
RT @PhilipRucker: Quite a moment as Trump congratulates the historic number of women elected to Congress. Democratic women in white, who ra…
Trump gets the biggest applause line of his address when he says, "We also have more women serving in Congress than ever before." https://t.co/6d38RnQ9ej
POTUS mentions the border wall last while discussing securing the border. He says his plan includes humanitarian assistance, additional law enforcement, drug detection, closing loopholes that enable child smuggling and "a physical barrier, or wall." “I will get it built," he adds
RT @costareports: If you're looking for a presidential pivot, recall that this tone and language on immigration is exactly what President T…
https://t.co/RQk90MZYJ8
RT @TheLeadCNN: "President Trump preparing to deliver his second State of the Union address tonight ... With Nancy Pelosi seated over his s…
More news -- President Trump met with contractors at the White House about building his border wall YESTERDAY, I'm told.
RT @evanperez: New York federal prosecutors seek interviews with Trump Organization executives - CNNPolitics https://t.co/TdIs3EyfFt
RT @joshrogin: Inside their private meeting, Pence repeatedly pressed Aung San Suu Kyi to release the two Reuters journalists, but she got…
POTUS came very close to declaring an emergency after the Senate proposals failed at the end of January, but aides convinced him to wait and let the committee try to hash it out, saying if they couldn't come up with a deal, then he could declare one. https://t.co/RQk90MInRA
News anchors are making their way down the White House driveway for the traditional off-the-record lunch that the president holds ahead of the State of the Union. Aides wondered in recent weeks if this would still go forward since comments he made in the last lunch leaked.
This shows that despite several senior Senate Republicans raising concerns about the possibility of Trump bypassing Congress and using an emergency declaration to build his wall, he’s seriously considering doing so.
News —  President Trump and Jared Kushner met with contractors at the White House late last week to discuss building the border wall. White House counsel Pat Cipollone was also present.
RT @jeffzeleny: The next Obama: How the former president looms over the 2020 race. He’s talked to nearly every potential Democratic contend…
My colleague @kylieatwood reports that while the summit is expected to happen in Vietnam the last week of Feb., the details haven't been finalized. US special representative Steve Biegun is traveling to North Korea Wednesday to nail those down as he meets with his counterparts.
A little news -- President Trump is not currently expected to announce the location/date of his second summit with Kim Jong Un during the State of the Union, I'm told. It wasn't in the latest version of the speech he practiced yesterday, but that is fluid and could change.
RT @gelles: The US sold weapons to Saudi Arabia and the UAE. Now, some are in the hands of al Qaeda-linked fighters and Iranian-backed rebe…
RT @eorden: The prosecutor listed on the subpoena, Tom McKay, is a member of the office's public-corruption unit and was one of the lead pr…
President Trump makes the acting interior secretary permanent — an announcement that has been a long time coming, since Trump said in mid-December he would name a new one “next week.” https://t.co/oUZG3kUgUB
White House officials agree. Typically West Wing leaks are done to undermine a staffer someone doesn’t like or to settle personal vendettas. This one reflects poorly on the president, which is telling. https://t.co/lks23PPuzz
RT @TideSports: Dont'a Hightower.		Mark Barron.		They're Alabama players, captains, teammates. And one of them is about to win a Super Bowl…
Yesterday Gov. Northam apologized for “a photo of me” where one person is wearing blackface and the other is dressed in a KKK robe. Now — after talking to old classmates and thinking about it — he says he’s confident neither is him. “I didn’t study it as well as I should.” ?
Pompeo announces suspension of nuclear arms treaty with Russia	https://t.co/XCb8r4EDDW
RT @jimsciutto: Breaking: US employers added 304,000 jobs in January, well above what economists had expected. It was the 100th consecutive…
“AK27s”? https://t.co/eATATD9A9d
RT @PhilipRucker: Just in: Trump is withdrawing the United States from the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty with Russia, a centerpi…
RT @maggieNYT: NEWS: In an Oval Office intvw, POTUS tells @peterbakernyt and me that he's essentially done negotiating w Congress,denies di…
RT @jdawsey1: https://t.co/A7iuGwoLOA
RT @MarshallCohen: NEW TODAY: Many have wondered who Donald Trump Jr. was talking to during two calls to blocked numbers while he was arran…
The director of national intelligence, Dan Coats, was seen entering the West Wing shortly before the president's scheduled intelligence briefing today, amid our report Trump singled him out by name during his morning tirade against the intelligence community yesterday.
The drugs, found by a canine during a secondary inspection, were hidden in a tractor trailer that was transporting produce. The trailer was driven by a 26-year-old Mexican national, who was arrested and charged with "possession with intent to distribute." He's in federal custody.
Customs and Border Protection made the largest seizure of fentanyl in the agency's history at the Nogales port of entry on the southern border, per @geneva_sands. Officers uncovered 100 packages of fentanyl weighing nearly 254 pounds with an estimated value of $3.5 million.
“I don’t expect much coming out of the committee,” Trump says about congressional negotiators tasked with hashing out a deal. He said he won’t accept a deal without money for the border wall. Pelosi said earlier it won’t include money for the wall.
Our reporting showed that Trump was angrier about the coverage of the intel chiefs contradicting him than he was that they actually contradicted him. https://t.co/NcxMg6UqY2
President Trump says he disagrees with things the Director of National Intelligence and CIA Director tell him — that would be Iran, North Korea and ISIS — but thinks time will prove him right.
RT @ShimonPro: DOJ: The evidence collected against Roger Stone includes: Apple iCloud accounts, email accounts, financial records,cellular…
Trump says he wished the media would cover manufacturing jobs coming back to the U.S., per @abbydphillip. Foxconn just scrapped plans to build factory in Wisconsin to instead create a “tech hub” that will employ engineers/researchers and drastically reduce # of blue collar jobs.
There has been a conscious effort inside the White House to change the perception that the comms team is "irrelevant" after we reported last week that staff felt that way. One aspect of that was little urgency to fill vacant roles. Now this from @finnygo 	https://t.co/2Nf0WjyAll
And this is why White House officials believe they're headed for a national emergency declaration. https://t.co/v8niM0I1vM
RT @barbarastarrcnn: In freezing temps today the Army Old Guard stands a one hour watch at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier at @ArlingtonNat…
The White House just responded to the Foxconn news: “... while it’s encouraging Foxconn will bring 13,000 new jobs and billions of dollars to Wisconsin, we would be disappointed by any reductions to the initial investment.” https://t.co/nIAtpJLine
RT @JenniferJJacobs: Scoop: Trump interviewed Heidi Cruz for a job this week.		Cruz, wife of Ted Cruz, met in Oval with Trump about the Wor…
Trump made his displeasure with the intelligence team clear just after 6 a.m., but he didn't single Coats out in his tweets like he did behind the scenes. He was more irritated by the coverage than the assessments of those who brief him regularly. 	https://t.co/h53BlTr9o0
Trump's once-wobbly relationship with Coats had finally seemed to recover after an episode over the summer sent it teetering toward the edge. But officials say his job is safe. https://t.co/h53BlTr9o0
President Trump was seething as he watched highlights of his intelligence chiefs testifying — singling out Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats by name. He didn't see Coats's full testimony, but was furious at coverage saying he contradicted him. 	https://t.co/h53BlTr9o0
RT @CNNSitRoom: "There was one thing on President Trump’s schedule today and that was an intelligence briefing with those same officials th…
President Trump went to Wisconsin for the Foxconn groundbreaking. He said the new plant was evidence that manufacturing jobs were coming back to the U.S. Now the company wants to create "a tech hub" where only a fourth of the jobs will be blue collar manufacturing. Huge reversal. https://t.co/yQzGJXlLFf
Wow. “The company initially said it expected to employ about 5,200 people by the end of 2020; a company source said that figure now looks likely to be closer to 1,000 workers.” https://t.co/U5Mbk8kr3o
Louis Woo, special assistant to Foxconn CEO Terry Gou, said about three-quarters of the jobs created will be in research and development and design, rather than blue-collar manufacturing jobs. https://t.co/WscZOTTLgJ
The White House says President Trump spoke with Juan Guaido “to congratulate him on his historic assumption of the presidency and to reinforce President Trump’s strong support for Venezuela’s fight to regain its democracy.” https://t.co/5pBEhdm2lq
Notable - John Bolton didn't attend the vice president's meeting on Venezuela today with Carlos Vecchio, who Juan Guaido has designated as charge d'affaires to the U.S. Instead, NSC's Mauricio Claver-Carone sat in. Bolton was seen leaving the White House ahead of the meeting.
The apparent gap between Trump and his own intelligence agencies has been a persistent theme over the last 2 years, and Tuesday's testimony illustrates just how stark the divide is between what the President says and the information he is being presented.	https://t.co/mZqanXPv1c
RT @mkraju: Pelosi being careful not to draw a red line on border wall money ahead of conference talks. Just asked her if she would be open…
"Unlike the 800,000 career public servants who are slated to receive full back pay over the next week or so, the contractors who clean, guard, cook and shoulder other jobs at federal workplaces aren’t legally guaranteed a single penny." 	https://t.co/8GXqdwLmuW
Key line here: “Our assessment is bolstered by observation of some activity that is inconsistent with full denuclearization.” https://t.co/eH66ui5W4Z
Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats says that while North Korea has “halted its provocative behavior related to WMD program,” it is unlikely to “completely give up its nuclear weapons and production capabilities” because leaders view them as critical to regime survival.
RT @LucasFoxNews: Acting SecDef: “I haven’t discussed” sending 5,000 troops to Colombia with John Bolton, refuses to comment further
RT @mkraju: Lindsey Graham told me that he is urging Trump to raise the DEBT LIMIT along with a deal to keep open the government by the Feb…
After it was first reported last fall that Sims was writing a book, Trump began quizzing aides about him, asking if they thought it would be “nice." https://t.co/AgaHpC2BNc
"The White House did not reply when asked if sending Nauert to Congress officially would be a top priority now that the government has reopened." Via @kylieatwood https://t.co/FNgmWr0HHW
RT @kpolantz: TODAY at 11: Roger Stone in court in Washington https://t.co/dx7u4wV0AL
RT @cnnbrk: Two Houston police officers are in critical but stable condition and two are expected to recover after being shot while serving…
RT @donie: 🚨🚨🚨🚨 iPhone FaceTime bug lets you eavesdrop on other people	https://t.co/GXB15CzkmN ⁦@heatherkelly⁩
Some inside the West Wing viewed the shutdown as advantageous for Mulvaney, who started his job as chief of staff with a president focused solely on the border wall -- preferable, they said, to other times that lacked focus or were derailed by his whims.	https://t.co/syP4bVEmOH
WH says this is the "2019 MAGA Leadership Summit, hosted by the Great America Committee. The Great America Committee's Honorary Chairman is Vice President Mike Pence."
The White House's explanation for why the national security adviser had "5,000 troops to Colombia” written on his legal pad today is attributed to an anonymous spokesman. "As the President has said, all options are on the table." Per @Kevinliptakcnn
President Trump has accepted House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's invitation to give the State of the Union next Tuesday, one week after he was initially invited to do so. https://t.co/vtsDFg9Yew
Pelosi called Trump at 3:55p, which was during the briefing, per @KilloughCNN
President Trump is scheduled to join Vice President Mike Pence for an event for his leadership PAC, Great America Committee, at Trump International Hotel tonight, @betsy_klein and I are told.
In this letter, Pelosi implies she spoke with President Trump about a SOTU date today. But Sarah Sanders just told reporters they hadn't gotten an invitation. "The President...looks forward to addressing the American people &amp; we’ll do that as soon as an invitation is received.” https://t.co/5UBpc7CMeh
Regarding potentially pardoning Roger Stone, Sarah Sanders said, “I’m not aware of any conversation even regarding that or a need for it.” Can you guarantee he won’t? “I’m not going to talk about hypotheticals that are just ridiculous of things I haven't talked about."
Is there a scenario in which U.S. forces would get involved in Venezuela? “The president has made it very clear that all options are on the table," John Bolton tells reporters.
The White House has just added a press briefing to today's schedule. Right now, the Trump administration holds the record for longest time without an on-camera briefing since they were first aired during Bill Clinton's administration.
This bipartisan conference committee has until February 15 to find such a proposal that could clear both chambers of Congress and get Trump’s signature. From ⁦@Phil_Mattingly⁩:  https://t.co/MMGsPwsuoq
RT @mkraju: “As a result of reduced economic activity, CBO estimates, real (that is, inflation adjusted) gross domestic product in the four…
RT @PhilipRucker: Trump tells @PeterWSJ he is pessimistic about a deal with Congress for wall money in next three weeks: “I personally thin…
RT @betsy_klein: The RNC declared its “undivided support” for President Trump this week at its winter meeting. But one 2020 name that kept…
The White House has called a lid, which means we likely won’t see the president sign the short term spending bill reopening the government after the longest shutdown in history that only yielded frustrated lawmakers and stressed out federal workers.
"'I have always said, the only thing worse than being talked about is not being talked about,' Mr. Stone said, announcing that he would plead not guilty and accusing the F.B.I. SWAT team that burst into his house of terrorizing his wife and two Yorkies." https://t.co/qOTD2rGzQe
RT @John_Hudson: Mike Pompeo just named Eliot Abrams his new special envoy for Venezuela. Abrams plead guilty to withholding information fr…
Remarkable appearance. Roger Stone, hours after he was indicted, says, "I will plead not guilty to these charges, I will defeat them in court, I believe this is a politically motivated investigation." https://t.co/qUKhObEMMB
RT @CNNnewsroom: President Trump is expected to make an announcement about the border and the government shutdown later this afternoon repo…
CNN's reporting on the emergency draft declaration makes clear invoking one is still on the table, but officials continue to say they prefer to solve this legislatively. Talks with McConnell have been ongoing. 	https://t.co/JiKRuLIO2e
President Trump is poised to make an announcement about the government shutdown, sources tell us. This was a last minute addition to his schedule, and it’s unclear what he will say, but they have been looking for a way out of the shutdown since the two proposals failed yesterday.
Sarah Sanders: “The President has been briefed and we are monitoring the ongoing delays at some airports. We are in regular contact with officials at the Department of Transportation and the FAA.”
White House officials have said for days that they would likely lose significant Republican support if the government shutdown started to choke air travel. https://t.co/5d2V9Lhyl9
RT @costareports: Giuliani on phone with @washingtonpost... asked if he's spoken to POTUS. Giuliani has. Won't describe president's reactio…
Sarah Sanders doesn’t answer multiple questions about whether Trump directed a senior campaign official to contact Stone to make WikiLeaks contacts. “I haven’t read this document. I’m not an attorney. I’m not going to be able to get into the weeds on the specifics," she says.
"This has nothing to do with the president and certainly nothing to do with the White House," Sarah Sanders tells @JohnBerman, in what is the first reaction from the White House to Roger Stone's indictment.
That would be @davidgshortell. He said on air that he got to Stone's house early this morning after they noticed some unusual grand jury activity in Washington yesterday. https://t.co/4ohoaMTdCe
"On or about October 7, 2016, Organization 1 released the first set of emails stolen from the Clinton Campaign chairman. Shortly after Organization 1’s release, an associate of the highranking Trump Campaign official sent a text message to STONE that read 'well done.'"
Read Roger Stone's indictment here: https://t.co/nbES6mOBvu
RT @CNN: CNN Exclusive Video: Longtime Donald Trump associate Roger Stone has been indicted by a grand jury on charges brought by special c…
Roger Stone has been indicted. "Pounding on his door, one agent said: 'FBI. Open the door.'" https://t.co/1BCUJ6aih7
The White House hasn’t said what kind of down payment they’re looking for, but they asked for $5.7 billion for the president’s border wall. That’s for a year of spending — so if you’re doing rough math, three weeks of that would be $330 million.
“Perhaps he should have said it differently,” Trump says when asked by @jonkarl about Wilbur Ross’s shutdown remarks.
Sanders has now issued an updated statement: “Leader McConnell and Senator Schumer are meeting now to see whether or not they can work out of the deadlock. As was made clear to Senator Lindsay Graham, the 3 week CR would only work if there is a large down payment on the wall.” https://t.co/P6aEKtbMg4
In a new statement, Sarah Sanders says, “The President would consider a CR only if it includes a down payment on the wall.”
Trump wasn't thrilled about his options. A speech on the border? Independence Hall? A stately affair to an audience of Republicans? No, he decided. All were too narrow, bland or small. Instead, he would wait for the venue he really wanted: the US House. https://t.co/IQGanvmKt1
The final vote tally for the president's plan was 50-47. The tally for the Democratic one was 52-44. Both needed 60 votes to advance.
An official says Sen. McConnell is headed to talk to Sen. Schumer now that both proposals have failed.
The White House knows both of these proposals will fail. But they’re watching to see which one is more popular. https://t.co/7Pwsj3hFut
Toward the end of the interview, Cohn says, "The government needs to be open. The government needs to be open." 	@SRuhle: And who can open it?	Cohn: "It – he’s got to get the government open."
Gary Cohn, in an interview with MSNBC at Davos, says, "The government should be open. To put 800,000 government employees out of work, to fight over, you know, a wall and immigration. We need immigration in the United States. We need legal immigration in the United States..."
RT @jeremyherb: NEWS: The Senate Intelligence Committee subpoenaed Michael Cohen to testify in mid-February, according source close to Cohe…
Wilbur Ross says federal workers could have to pay interest on loans they take out because they’re not being paid. “But the idea that it’s paycheck or zero is not really a valid idea.” That’s the Commerce Secretary admitting employees will have to pay interest on their paychecks.
In addition to his remark about food banks, Wilbur Ross also said he’s disappointed air traffic controllers are calling out sick “in pretty large numbers.” The anchor says it’s because they can’t support their families. “They are eventually going to be paid,” Ross responds.
“I didn’t want to share it with anybody, and in the era of #MeToo survivors, I always believed that every person is different and they will confront their demons when they’re ready,” Ernst said. Her voice broke. “And I was not ready.” https://t.co/migkipj5xQ
I should have clarified my earlier tweet — Kelly, in addition to others, is calling on “elected leaders” to end the shutdown. So not just the president, but Pelosi and Congress as well.
“We call on our elected leaders to restore funding...” the letter signed by John Kelly — and others — reads.
John Kelly, who was chief of staff when this shutdown started, calls on President Trump to end it. https://t.co/ceGSwqtMLi
RT @TheLeadCNN: “The President says that the reason (Pelosi’s) cancelled this until the government has reopened is because, in his mind, Na…
To sum up, Pelosi says Trump can't give the State of the Union until the government is open. Reopening it ultimately comes down to those two, but they haven't spoken in two weeks. The proposals up for a vote in the Senate tomorrow are widely expected to fail. Headed for day 34.
Trump on SOTU: "I just got back from Iraq. I was very safe in Iraq and I felt very safe. We had great, great security. If we can handle Iraq, we can handle the middle of Washington in a very, very spectacular building in a beautiful room."
"The State of the Union speech has been canceled by Nancy Pelosi because she doesn't want to hear the truth," Trump says.
Peter says he asked Trump where he will speak Tuesday night “We’ll see,” he responded.
RT @mj_lee: Trump responding to Michael Cohen saying his family’s been threatened by him: “No, I would say he’s been threatened by the trut…
“I’m not surprised,” Trump says when asked by @PeterAlexander about Pelosi pulling the plug on the State of the Union. “It’s really a shame what’s happening with the Democrats.”
The State of the Union is OFF. In a new letter, Pelosi says, "I am writing to inform you that the House of Representatives will not consider a concurrent resolution authorizing the President's State of the Union address..." https://t.co/T3hVqyUlDN
RT @mj_lee: Reminder that Michael Cohen has to report to prison on March 6th. Postponing the Feb 7th testimony means he has less than 4 wee…
JUST IN -- Michael Cohen is postponing his scheduled testimony before the House Oversight Committee, citing "ongoing threats against his family from President Trump and Mr. Giuliani...as well as Mr. Cohen's continued cooperation with ongoing investigations." https://t.co/fm6BMHB9iE
Pelosi hasn't weighed in on whether she will introduce the resolution that officially sets the time and date of the SOTU. @mkraju reported this morning that she advised members not to bring their family to Washington next week, implying it won't happen. https://t.co/sSKuOQgIh9
TLDR of the president’s letter to Nancy Pelosi: He’s daring her to formally uninvite him from delivering the State of the Union Tuesday.
RT @PoppyHarlowCNN: This matters.	Chair of WH Council of Economic Advisors @WhiteHouseCEA just told me if #shutdown lasts until end of Q1 —…
Beyond their letters, President Trump and Nancy Pelosi haven't spoken since their last meeting at the White House, which was two weeks ago, per @mkraju.
RT @MarshallCohen: NEW from @SaraMurray... Mueller wants to know about the Trump campaign's ties to the NRA. CNN has learned that the topic…
Trump was impressed by Hogan Gidley after seeing him on TV once. But he confused his staff when told them, "Get me Tidley." Who? "Tidley. I want to talk to Hogan Tidley." They told him the deputy press secretary's last name was Gidley, not Tidley. https://t.co/Wm2C9QEX9s
The communications team has drawn the ire of many in the West Wing, including Trump at times. Some claim the press shop is "irrelevant." "Just because our strategy doesn't match what people want...doesn't mean there isn't a strategy," Sarah Sanders said.	https://t.co/Wm2C9QEX9s
In a West Wing where proximity to Trump translates into power, Sanders, Shine, Conway and Schlapp can often be found where he is. But despite their near constant presence, their colleagues say it has not helped form a cohesive message. W/ @Kevinliptakcnn 	https://t.co/Wm2C9QEX9s
RT @mkraju: The four liberal justices would have prevented the ban from going into effect; the new justice, Brett Kavanaugh, joined the con…
Giuliani: “I have been through all the tapes, I have been through all the texts...”		Chotiner: What tapes? 		G: “I shouldn’t have said tapes...”		C: So, no tapes? 		G: “No tapes. Well, I have listened to tapes, but none of them concern this.” https://t.co/xz8lG6NKSu
RT @edhenry: Prayers to @BretBaier and his beautiful family https://t.co/gAQU0sTXih
The WH expects McConnell to introduce Tump's proposal as part of a broader package tomorrow, barring any major hiccups. That could mean a Thursday vote, but a senior Dem aide predicts it won't get 60 votes needed, per @tedbarrettcnn. Still, WH is hoping to put pressure on Dems.
RT @CNNSitRoom: “As far as talks go, we’re right where we started 31 days ago.” CNN’s @kaitlancollins has the latest on the state of talks…
A Favorite Restaurant in Syria Led ISIS to Americans https://t.co/Uw5NvshFzw
RT @ShimonPro: Rudy Giuliani tells CNN that Trump’s legal team reached out to the special counsel Robert Mueller’s office regarding the Buz…
RT @jeffmason1: .⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ and ⁦@VP⁩ lay a wreath at the #MLKJr memorial. After saying good morning, he left.  Total trip time: ab…
There were no events on the president or vice president's schedule, but they both just made a surprise trip to the Martin Luther King Jr. memorial in Washington.
In a new statement, TSA says it experienced a national rate of 10 percent of unscheduled absences yesterday compared to a 3.1 percent rate on the same day a year ago. “Many employees are reporting that they are not able to report to work due to financial limitations.” https://t.co/QTnLf2UpXP
RT @OIRSpox: We can confirm a combined U.S. and Syrian partner force convoy was involved in an apparent VBIED attack today in Syria. There…
Giuliani tells Tapper, “As far as I know, President Trump did not have discussions with [Cohen], certainly had no discussions with him in which he told him or counseled him to lie.” Then says it’s possible Trump discussed his testimony with him, “which would be perfectly normal.” https://t.co/96jU6HCND0
RT @andyharnik: President Donald Trump and others watch as a transfer case containing the remains of civilian and former Navy SEAL Scott A.…
RT @RichardGrenell: Today is day 54 of Russia holding 24 Ukrainian sailors in prison. https://t.co/NqVmnYniTV
You’re going to want to read this — from ⁦@danbalz⁩.  https://t.co/RUz8J29Th2
RT @WPatrickMurphy: 30 years of public service	17 school changes for the kids	14 international moves	12 months in combat zone	10 Secretarie…
RT @jaketapper: Chief Warrant Officer 2 Jonathan Farmer, 37, of Boynton Beach, Florida, KIA in Manbij, Syria, January 16, 2019. https://t.c…
Army Chief Warrant Officer 2 Jonathan R. Farmer of Boynton Beach, Florida; Navy Chief Cryptologic Technician Shannon M. Kent of upstate New York; and DOD civilian Scott A. Wirtz of St. Louis, Missouri. Three of the four Americans killed in Syria.  https://t.co/aR1wa4lvSm
While Barr said during his hearing that Trump "was interested" in hearing about his friendship with Mueller, the details that emerged this week caught the President off guard, the three sources told CNN.
Trump was irritated but later rationalized Barr’s relationship with Mueller as typical Washington establishment. No indication his nomination is being reconsidered. New with @Kevinliptakcnn and @jeffzeleny https://t.co/fAdKh1Px61
New — President Trump was startled as he watched Bill Barr describe his warm relationship with Robert Mueller, bristling at his glowing remarks and telling people he didn’t realize how much their work overlapped.  https://t.co/fAdKh1Px61
Davos is off — Sarah Sanders says, “Out of consideration for the 800,000 great American workers not receiving pay and to ensure his team can assist as needed, President Trump has canceled his Delegation’s trip to the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland.”
Vice President Pence and Jared Kushner just arrived on Capitol Hill to meet with Sen. McConnell, I'm told.
WH officials, including Mulvaney, began discussing canceling Pelosi’s trip this a.m., two people said. They felt caught off guard by her letter and POTUS has been frustrated by coverage, asking why it looked like Dems had upper hand. Aides agreed this was the perfect response.
If you thought this shutdown was close to being over, the House Speaker suggested the president cancel his address to Congress and he responded by inviting her to fly commercial into a war zone.
And now we know why the White House took so long to respond to Pelosi’s letter... https://t.co/6UmUcN0R2k
Trump barely signed the $1.3 trillion spending bill last March, complaining it didn't have enough money for the wall, but did so in the end mainly because of Mattis, defense secretary at the time, who convinced him the military spending was worth it. https://t.co/7yrePeDIZI
At the Pentagon, President Trump extends his "deepest condolences" to the families of the Americans killed in the Syria. "We will never forget their noble and immortal sacrifice," he says, before adding he wants to "briefly address another matter" — the wall.
Yea, I don't think a Twitter account dedicated to praising Cohen's looks was done "at the direction of and for the sole benefit of Donald J. Trump." https://t.co/M306eAcPC9
“Officials said the review is expected to embrace putting advanced sensors in space in a bid to better detect enemy missiles, allowing the U.S. military to intercept them even earlier,” per ⁦@rabrowne75⁩.  https://t.co/lpvjIKQoJj
Gary Cohn, the president’s former chief economic adviser, says he doesn’t know what the point of the shutdown is. “I’m confused as to what the White House’s strategy is on this a little bit.” https://t.co/yStznDMEZo
“During the race, Cohen asked Gauger to create a Twitter account called @WomenForCohen. The account, run by a female friend of Gauger, described Cohen as a ‘sex symbol,’ praised his looks &amp; character &amp; promoted his appearances boosting Trump’s candidacy.” https://t.co/aGTkDOhASo
"I never said there was no collusion between the campaign, or people in the campaign," Giuliani said.  https://t.co/utimrSoSeH
RT @Kevinliptakcnn: Has this bizarre, immediately debunked denial of a true story ever been explained? The TSA sick-out story was true from…
RT @Rene_MarshCNN: Just in: @tsa short staffing at the worlds busiest airport has become such a problem TSA was forced to fly out 20 back u…
The president is holding a meeting on Syria right now with several senators, including Rand Paul, Marco Rubio and Joni Ernst. This was scheduled before the attack happened, an official said.
Trump said in mid-December that troops would be coming home "now," but personnel have not yet started to depart the country. CNN reported last week that the first U.S. military ground equipment, including some cargo, had been withdrawn.
Following the deadly attack in Manbij today that has been claimed by ISIS and left four Americans dead, officials tell me and @Kevinliptakcnn there are no current plans to reverse President Trump’s decision to begin withdrawing U.S. troops from Syria.
President Trump has officially signed the Government Employee Fair Treatment Act of 2019, which guarantees back pay for furloughed workers affected by the shutdown. There were no cameras in the room for the signing.
The West Wing's statement, which is attributed to the press secretary, on the deaths of U.S. troops in Syria makes no mention of ISIS, who has claimed responsibility for the attack. The vice president's statement, attributed to him, does mention ISIS. Here they both are: https://t.co/67GSmVonyh
Nielsen pushes back on Pelosi's security claims about the State of the Union: https://t.co/IMuCbr2dr1
It has been several hours since Nancy Pelosi released her letter asking President Trump to postpone his State of the Union address (or deliver it in writing) and the White House has still not responded. Hmmm.
Oh boy. https://t.co/VYzRZnEIZP
An American business investment adviser and former Peace Corps member was among those killed in a terror attack on a Kenyan hotel compound. https://t.co/BVTuAVNMwY
.@KateBolduan: "The letter sounds like she’s asking, but isn’t she just telling him?" 	Rep. Hoyer: "The speaker is the one who invites the president…”	Kate: "So, the State of the Union is off?" 	Hoyer: "The State of the Union is off."
RT @OIRSpox: U.S. service members were killed during an explosion while conducting a routine patrol in Syria today. We are still gathering…
Stephen Miller and other speechwriters have been working on Trump's address for weeks. They were prepared to craft it around the government shutdown, I'm told. https://t.co/ynqKeMxfEa
RT @CNNPolitics: The deadly attack in the US-patrolled Syrian city comes less than a month after President Trump announced that US troops w…
The current date for the SOTU is January 29. Two weeks from now.
Oh wow. Nancy Pelosi has asked Trump to move the State of the Union address, per @FoxReports. “Sadly, given the security concerns and unless government re-opens this week, I suggest we work together to determine another suitable date after government has re-opened..."
“The President has been fully briefed and we will continue to monitor the ongoing situation in Syria. For any specific questions please contact the Department of Defense," Sarah Sanders said in a statement. https://t.co/ektIFX0AcU
RT @OIRSpox: CJTF-OIR is aware of open source reports regarding an explosion in Syria.  Coalition forces conducted a routine patrol in Syri…
Vice President Pence spoke with Venezuelan opposition leader Juan Guaido today "to recognize his courageous leadership following his arrest &amp; intimidation." @JDiamond1 reported that admin is considering recognizing him as the legitimate Venezuelan leader. https://t.co/wEt58y1vNc https://t.co/VFniAoLCJA
RT @mkraju: In rebuke to admin, Senate votes 42-57 to keep alive measure seeking to block Trump effort to ease sanctions on Russian compani…
RT @LeoShane: More DOD suicide stats: 9% of male servicemembers have thought about taking their own life. But more than 40% of troops say t…
RT @CNNnewsroom: CNN’s @clarissaward is in Northern Syria, where Syrian Kurds contemplate war without their US allies in the fight against…
None of the Democrats invited to the White House for lunch will attend, Sarah Sanders announces. Only Republicans.
RT @AaronBlake: LEAHY: Can a president offer a pardon in exchange for witness’s promise not to incriminate the president?		BARR: “No, that…
It’s notable that the U.S. ambassador to Israel was helping (in some way) find lawyers to join the president’s legal team. https://t.co/eIIXFqhuBn
Friedman approached Barr about the president’s legal team. Despite signaling he wasn’t interested, Friedman still had him meet Trump. Barr told POTUS same — he wasn’t interested in joining due to obligations. His next call from Trump was about becoming attorney general.
Barr says he met Trump through David Friedman, the U.S. ambassador to Israel. Trump asked Barr how well he knew Mueller, and what he thought about his integrity. Barr told him they were good family friends and that he was a straight shooter who should be dealt with as such.
RT @AaronBlake: GRAHAM: "Don't you think President Trump is a one-pager kind of a guy."		BARR: "I suspect he is."		GRAHAM: "Just remember t…
“I think he probably did the right thing recusing himself,” Barr says regarding Jeff Sessions.
“I don’t believe Mr. Mueller would be involved in a witch hunt,” Barr tells Sen. Graham. https://t.co/QixxTHqkYx
RT @mkraju: Graham opens up line of questioning about NYT article on Trump having faced investigation over whether he was secretly working…
Referring to the special counsel on a first name basis, Barr says, “On my watch, Bob will be allowed to finish his work.”
Bill Barr says President Trump “has sought no assurances, promises, or commitments from me of any kind, either express or implied, and I have not given him any, other than that I would run the department with professionalism and integrity.”
RT @KateBennett_DC: I also hear that because of the shutdown there won’t be clear-away service — there was talk of putting out giant trash…
Story here: https://t.co/YZBy1AIm7J
CNN Sports notes that 76 Clemson players will be making the trip, in addition to coaches and administrators.
The White House is currently operating with a thinned-out staff caused by the government shutdown and inclement weather in DC. Much of the Executive Residence staff, ordinarily responsible for catering this stuff, are either furloughed or at home because of the snow closure.
News: Due to the government shutdown, President Trump is personally paying for the meals that will be provided to the Clemson team during their celebration tonight, CNN has learned. Trump said he's serving "McDonald's, Wendy's and Burger King's with some pizza." WH statement: https://t.co/SAae2dSuMr
At the Farm Bureau convention, Trump is touting the bailout program created to help farmers hurt by his ongoing trade dispute with China. He doesn't note that the administration had to recently extend the deadline for farmers to apply for $ because of the government shutdown.
Speaking at the Farm Bureau convention in New Orleans, President Trump is making his argument for the wall fight, telling the packed room, "We are dealing against people who think if they can stop me from building a wall…they think that’s a good thing for 2020.."
RT @WTOP: The American Red Cross put out an emergency call Monday for blood donors in the D.C. area. https://t.co/ccmrbDdlcl
Sarah Sanders says during his call with Erdogan today, Trump discussed "Turkey’s security concerns in northeast Syria while stressing importance to the U.S. that Turkey does not mistreat the Kurds and other Syrian Democratic Forces with whom we have fought to defeat ISIS."
RT @nytimes: A passenger carried a gun through a security checkpoint in Atlanta earlier this month, but TSA officials said the government s…
RT @MarshallCohen: Trump claimed Mueller and Comey are "best friends," creating a conflict of interest. This was debunked many times and Co…
Congress and the public should be "be informed of the results of the special counsel's work," Barr intends to say to Congress at the start of his hearing Tuesday, according to prepared remarks.  https://t.co/IlMoSgMvtP
“I never worked for Russia,” the president says.
RT @rebeccaballhaus: Trump praising the reporting of the National Enquirer, whose publisher has admitted to coordinating w/the Trump campai…
“We women were in the door, but still clawing our way into the club. ‘Do it the way the men do it’ was the motto. So we lowered our voices, and wore brown, boxy jackets to shroud all curves...” A tribute to Sylvia Chase from ⁦@LesleyRStahl⁩  https://t.co/6AGku2Ihyy
RT @jdawsey1: "I think it's the most insulting thing I've ever been asked," Trump says, when Jeanine Pirro asks if he is/was working for Ru…
Trump doesn’t answer Judge Jeanine’s question if he’ll make the Mueller report public. “Public? I can’t tell you because I don’t devote too much time,” he says.
President Trump tells Judge Jeanine that Michael Cohen’s father-in-law should be investigated. She asks his name. “I don’t know but you’ll find out,” Trump says, adding he was “just a client” for Cohen.
On a snowy Saturday night in Washington, during a weekend where neither the president nor his staff have shutdown meetings scheduled and lawmakers are out of town. https://t.co/fGBdpL02UA
RT @PhilipRucker: Trump has gone to extraordinary lengths to conceal details of his conversations with Russian President Vladi­mir Putin —…
RT @caroline_mkelly: NEWS: Tulsi Gabbard says she will run for president in 2020		https://t.co/IulALVvHSt
The president says you can call his wall "peaches" for all he cares. 	https://t.co/wuCse2JlMG
RT @ShimonPro: The Trump Organization has hired  Stefan Passantino, the former White House deputy counsel who was responsible for overseein…
"I want the Democrats to come back to Washington and vote," Trump says after backing off his threat to declare a national emergency. Both the House and Senate have adjourned. There's nothing to vote on, because the White House and Democrats haven't come to an agreement.
"It's the easy way out," Trump says of declaring a national emergency to fund his border wall. He adds that if there's no agreement with Congress, "I will declare a national emergency. I have the absolute right to do it. It says as clear as you can..."
On day 21 of the shutdown, Vice President Pence is at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection headquarters in Washington. He's getting briefed by the DHS secretary and CBP commissioner, then he's expected to speak with agents. POTUS hosts an immigration roundtable this afternoon.
RT @ByCasagrande: Four Alabama players go pro. https://t.co/hjjFVnbA3h
The first U.S. military ground equipment has been withdrawn from Syria in recent days, signaling the beginning of the drawdown ordered by President Trump.	https://t.co/mj5nT1QuDh
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Due to TSA absences, Miami airport will temporarily close one terminal early for 3 days https://t.co/Z9cmxp8ull
RT @rabrowne75: Coalition military spokesman @OIRSpox: The US military “has begun the process of our deliberate withdrawal from Syria. Out…
"...a decade after Mr. Obama delivered a landmark speech at another Cairo university, Mr. Pompeo excoriated Mr. Obama for 'fundamental misunderstandings' about the region that 'underestimated the tenacity and viciousness of radical Islamism.'”	https://t.co/MNouYM00rb
Hannity, April 2016: “They're not going write us a check but...” 	Trump: “They'll pay. They'll pay, in one form or another. They may even write us a check by the time they see what happens.” 	Trump, January 2019: “I never meant they're gonna write out a check..."
Officials who once felt confident they could message a shutdown to their advantage are starting to see that slip away, fearing things will get worse once employees don't get a paycheck tomorrow and this becomes the longest shutdown in history Saturday. https://t.co/7bavl8ty6y
Last four words of his statement: “I hope it works.” https://t.co/8HL3IBZP1w
"I'm not worried about it at all," President Trump tells @PhilipRucker about Michael Cohen agreeing to testify before the House Oversight Committee next month, when he says he would give “a full and credible account” of his work for him.
RT @jeffmason1: .⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩, wearing a “make America great again” hat, visits the US border with Mexico. https://t.co/cDsQHBFB2K
Almost a month to the day before he reports to prison. This news breaking while President Trump is visiting the southern border to make the case for his border wall. https://t.co/audwrSRRpu
President Trump is now speaking at a U.S. Border Patrol station in McAllen, Texas. He's seated in front of tables filled with guns, big plastic bags full of cash and black-taped bricks of heroin and meth, representing what border patrol agents have seized.
Upon landing in Texas, Sarah Sanders says Cipollone did NOT end up making the trip. https://t.co/OOnYUIOFP8
Mueller sought information directly last year from Tony Fabrizio, one of Trump's campaign pollsters who is also a former business associate of Manafort's. An exclusive from @SaraMurray and @kpolantz 	https://t.co/4w2ScUOv1v
Liptak also reports that the lawyers are "looking for other ways to illustrate that an emergency is underway, recognizing a declaration would be challenged by Democrats. That has included hosting lawmakers in the Situation Room, a setting that lends to the sense of crisis."
White House lawyers are prepping the legal justification for a national emergency declaration. This has included advising aides to ramp up "crisis" talk. Lawyers suggest the more times they say it, the more often they can point to it in a legal defense filing, per @Kevinliptakcnn
Trump saying it’s easier to negotiate with the leader of China than the Speaker of the House does not bode well for shutdown negotiations, especially since it will all come down to POTUS and Pelosi.
RT @spettypi: Trump has said Comey and Mueller are best friends... Turns out Mueller's best friend might just be... the new attorney genera…
The president denied knowing about his former campaign manager Paul Manafort’s sharing of 2016 polling data with a Russian-linked operative. “No, I didn’t know anything about it, nothing about it.”
"I think China actually is much easier to deal with than the opposition party," Trump says, referring to Democrats who have frustrated him by not agreeing to fund his border wall. A trade deal hasn’t been reached with China either.
Trump denies throwing “a temper tantrum,” as Sen. Schumer claimed he did. He says he didn’t smash his fist on the table but he should have. “I don’t have temper tantrums.”
RT @charliespiering: Trump says his trip to Davos is still on, but will cancel if the shutdown continues
RT @anniekarni: Trump thought he was “getting Roger.” @katierogers and @maggieNYT on the man he has: Bill Shine. https://t.co/jufbWMbNzd
In an unusual move, Pat Cipollone, the White House counsel, is traveling with Trump to the border today. POTUS isn’t expected to declare a national emergency while there, but people caution this could change. The White House is starting to feel like this is their best option.
No other meeting between Trump and Pelosi, the two people who will ultimately end the shutdown, has been scheduled. White House officials say declaring a national emergency is still on the table. The president heads to the border tomorrow. 	https://t.co/n2OJLTOXO2
Trump was in a chummy mood when he entered the Situation Room today, passing out Butterfingers and Baby Ruths. Each lawmaker had a copy of the latest budget request in front of them, outlining the White House's immigration wants. The niceties ended there. 	https://t.co/n2OJLTOXO2 https://t.co/dTwelWA56p
RT @CNNSitRoom: “Talks between the White House and Democrats crumbling tonight after President Trump stormed out of his meeting with congre…
Jared Kushner and White House legislative affairs director Shahira Knight are back on Capitol Hill now. https://t.co/n2OJLTOXO2
I would ask how you would feel about applying for a loan just to get your paycheck, but I'm not even sure if you have a job. https://t.co/l4UO9Ld3EF
@DavidBrodyCBN @CNN @VP @SenSchumer @realDonaldTrump @CBNNews Trump last week: “No, not $2.5 billion, no — we’re asking for $5.6."
Talks between the White House and Democrats were at a stalemate before. Now it appears they have crumbled entirely. Neither side is willing to budge and tensions are high to the say the least. Hundreds of thousands of federal workers won’t get a paycheck Friday.
White House officials raised this proposal during the FIRST meeting in the Situation Room. They asked if Democrats would increase wall funding if Trump agreed to sign the bills opening up the other agencies that are shut down. They said no then, and apparently did so again today.
According to Schumer, Trump walked out of the meeting after Pelosi said she wouldn't support the border wall.
The meeting with congressional leaders is over after roughly 30 minutes.
Congressional leaders are at the White House for their third meeting in the Situation Room this shutdown. Administration officials aren't ruling out a break in the deadlock, but certainly aren't expecting one either.
After going to the Senate Republican lunch, Trump says there wasn't even a reason for him to be there. "No discussion about anything other than solidarity," he says.
That story from our Hill team here: https://t.co/j3RHaEIs8o
Despite McConnell saying he won't bring a bill to the floor without his approval, Trump seems noticeably concerned about losing Republican support for shutdown. He addressed it three times in the last hour, calling it "unwavering," as cracks have started to show among moderates.
So where do we go from here? Trump repeated last night he wants $5.7 billion for the border wall. Democrats have said publicly they won't give anything over $1.3. Pelosi called the wall an "immorality." Both sides sit down again today, but neither of their demands have changed.
It's day 19 of the shutdown. Despite weeks of fiery and intense deliberations between the White House and Democrats, a primetime address from both the president and Democratic leaders, nothing has changed and they are still no closer to reopening the government.
Rep. Adam Kinzinger tells @mkraju the shutdown is stupid and that he hopes we can get out of this “idiocy cycle” soon.
If Trump doesn’t declare a national emergency tonight, it doesn’t mean he won’t in the coming days, aides say. But the president was growing frustrated that the argument for his border wall wasn’t being made effectively enough, so he decided to do it himself. https://t.co/hjVk925sej
President Trump hasn't made a final decision about whether to declare a national emergency to get his border wall tonight.  https://t.co/hbezuLaRR4
@sgallman Not well.
@LukeLBarr October.
@bdbyars Wrong kind
Anybody got plans tonight? https://t.co/xY9W8fyQaJ
@James_Escarcega @latsondheimer I can distinctly remember the last time that happened.
Hundreds of Transportation Security Administration officers, who are required to work without paychecks through the partial government shutdown, have called out from work this week from at least four major airports. 	https://t.co/ZIHxk3K8L7
Pence says he won’t accept his raise if the government is still shut down. He and several Cabinet secretaries are scheduled to get one tomorrow.
Asked if he’s still proud to own this shutdown, Trump says he’s not calling it a shutdown.
RT @NiallStanage: “I did. Absolutely I said that.” Trump, asked by @MajorCBS if he suggested the shutdown could last a year or more.
RT @Bencjacobs: Trump now suggests a steel wall instead of a concrete wall
President Trump says a group — doesn’t say who — will be meeting to discuss the shutdown this weekend. He says the meeting was productive and that they’re all on the same page about wanting to reopen it. Pelosi and co. did not sound as optimistic.
President Trump is speaking in the Rose Garden now. He was seen writing something at the Resolute Desk before walking out to reporters gathered here. He’s talking about the jobs report now. https://t.co/WIEqq3A4Va
Chuck Schumer says President Trump told him he’s prepared to keep the government shut down for months or even years.
If you're going to say the president should be impeached, you should be prepared to take questions from reporters. https://t.co/pIfMFEqjSC
The White House is planning on having President Trump appear in the Rose Garden after his meeting with congressional leaders, @jeffzeleny reports. A White House official says he wants a chance to re-do his briefing room appearance. This will be after Pelosi and Schumer speak.
"The pay raises for cabinet secretaries, deputy secretaries, top administrators and even Mike Pence are scheduled to go into effect beginning Jan. 5, according to documents issued by the Office of Personnel Management and experts in federal pay."		https://t.co/ttFLEJ0JBv
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Fed Chair Jerome Powell, asked by @Neil_Irwin if he would resign if President Trump asked him to: "No."
U.S. businesses added 312,000 jobs in December, well above what economists expected &amp; underlining that the economy remains strong despite recent market turbulence. The unemployment rate rose to 3.9% as more people were looking for work.	https://t.co/cjD38y7hGO
Congressional leaders are slated to return to the White House today for another shutdown meeting. The last time they were in the Situation Room with President Trump, the latest letter from Kim Jong Un made an appearance. https://t.co/3LAEvZ5lz1
RT @CNNPolitics: Vice President Mike Pence: "If there's no wall, there's no deal" to end the partial government shutdown https://t.co/M8V2e…
Sarah Sanders says President Trump spoke to the family of the California police officer who was shot and killed. The man suspected of killing Ronil Singh was in the country illegally, according to the Stanislaus County sheriff. (The White House spells his name wrong here.) https://t.co/Cy14lCUXsZ
It was on this day 12 years ago that Alabama hired Nick Saban. The following spring, 92,000 people showed up to watch a scrimmage in Bryant-Denny. "There is something special about this place," Saban said that day in 2007. "It was ... emotional."	https://t.co/5Xn3Eb9U3I
RT @JakeSherman: ALERT ... PELOSI invited @realDonaldTrump to give state of the union January 29.
"The outburst at the far end of the Situation Room table did little to quell the sense among both White House officials and Democratic aides that the stalemate is nowhere close to being resolved." https://t.co/3LAEvZ5lz1
RT @RepBrianMast: 5 eyes. 5 arms. 4 legs. All American.		Welcome to Congress, @ElectJimBaird &amp; @DanCrenshawTX. https://t.co/NU7YnbAE4u
Trump's senior aides haven't counseled him to accept Democratic proposals that would end the shutdown, believing having the border fight in the headlines is preferable to the special counsel's Russia investigation. Shutdown latest with @Kevinliptakcnn https://t.co/3LAEvZ5lz1
"Read this," Trump instructed Schumer, before flinging his newest letter from Kim Jong Un in the senator's direction. As Schumer started to read, Trump told Nielsen she could begin her briefing on border security. She didn't get far. 	https://t.co/3LAEvZ5lz1
The CBP Commissioner Kevin McAleenan was supposed to conduct an on-camera on-the-record briefing on the border today. He didn't because the White House said it was holding a briefing. The White House did not hold a briefing, but instead held an appearance by the president.
It’s not a press briefing if you don’t take questions.
President Trump’s first time at the podium. https://t.co/ZpUrGhcyXA
Trump is digging in on shutdown because he doesn't want to lose face over the wall. Democrats are reveling in their newfound power, vowing not to give up ground. But in the end, both will have to compromise. White House knows it. Dems do too. Question is how long does it take?
RT @wolfblitzer: The U.S. Treasury Department says that the national debt has increased by $2 trillion ($2,000,000,000,000) since President…
It was the president's idea. He carried it into the meeting and placed it on the table. But it went unreferenced, I'm told. https://t.co/Odl7Hym6D3
President Trump is asked if he will accept anything less than $2.5 billion for border security to reopen the government. "Not 2.5, no. Somebody said 2.5..."		It was the White House that offered Chuck Schumer $2.5 billion last week. Democrats turned it down.
Trump did speed up his departure date significantly. But he certainly didn't fire him.
Trump says he essentially fired Mattis, according to the pool. Mattis quit after clashing with the president on the decision to withdraw from Syria, among other issues, but Trump told people he didn't realize how critical his resignation letter was until later on.
RT @jeffmason1: Note the poster on the table in the Cabinet Room. https://t.co/iHc9e5LIg1
Today is technically John Kelly’s last day as chief of staff, though that's mostly a formality. Mick Mulvaney has already taken over his office and is expected to address officials before the Cabinet meeting happening shortly.
RT @AlliemalCNN: According to my math, today ties Trump's record for the longest he has gone without golfing while in office: 38 days. 		Th…
The White House just published his schedule for the first time in several days, confirming that there is a Cabinet meeting today. https://t.co/eBfakaj637
RT @CNN: Today at 4 p.m. ET on @TheLeadCNN with @JakeTapper: Sen.-elect Mitt Romney's first live interview since his op-ed in which he says…
The White House hasn’t sent out the president’s schedule in several days, but I’m told by several folks that there will be a Cabinet meeting around noon today.
Pompeo says he's hopeful the U.S. will have consular access to Paul Whelan in the next few hours. Pompeo said they hope to find out more about what he's been accused of, and if the detention is inappropriate, "we will demand his immediate return.” https://t.co/I6eAqFUeOV
Learn about his story here. https://t.co/A7zPRV6mjy
Heartbreaking news. Tyler Trent's story was an incredible and inspiring one. In the face of death, he had perspective. My thoughts are with his family, friends and all Boilermakers tonight. https://t.co/7iaSCdQkxV
Mitt Romney gets sworn in Thursday. "I will speak out against significant statements or actions that are divisive, racist, sexist, anti-immigrant, dishonest or destructive to democratic institutions," he writes in a new op-ed. https://t.co/gtmP33Ndmp
RT @nytimes: A U.S. citizen has been detained in Moscow on espionage charges, Russia's domestic security agency announced https://t.co/ofQM…
The outgoing chief of staff is the one who said this. https://t.co/sTCpPNrC92
This is the last week at work for both James Mattis and John Kelly. Mattis’s tenure ends tonight, when Patrick Shanahan will becoming acting def sec. Kelly told the LA Times his last day is Wednesday. Mick Mulvaney, spearheading shutdown talks, has essentially already taken over.
Watching coverage of the shutdown, Trump has told allies he won’t give up his signature promise. But what the wall looks like is now an open question. Kellyanne Conway said it’s semantics, but John Kelly said the days of a concrete wall are long gone. https://t.co/5Q0Qa2Az3v
RT @NewDay: "This is James Mattis' last day on the job," reports @barbarastarrcnn.		"At midnight tonight there will be a phone call initiat…
As Trump signals a willingness to hear ideas from allies, officials say it's still not clear what he would sign. He has privately said he'd reject a bill that comes to his desk with only $1.3 billion allotted for border security. And the shutdown rolls on. https://t.co/5Q0Qa2Az3v
Rep. Cole, Republican and veteran of stints in both the minority and majority, groaned when asked what advice he had, adding half-jokingly, “Smoke a lot; drink a lot.” The latest from ⁦@hillhulse⁩ on House Rs as they brace for life in the minority. https://t.co/YcP1LIbxgj
John Kelly's last day is this week. Despite his impending departure, Trump has continued to complain about Kelly in a slew of phone calls. Here's his two hour exit interview.	https://t.co/fR00oYwoWY
RT @maggieNYT: A frequent question asked on this website is, "Didn't anyone explain to Trump that XYZ would lead to XYZ?" Kelly answers blu…
Interesting comment from John Kelly in this exit interview. “It’s never been: The president just wants to make a decision based on no knowledge and ignorance. You may not like his decision, but at least he was fully informed on the impact.” https://t.co/fR00oYwoWY
Sen. Graham says he got a call from Gen. Dunford. "The president is reconsidering how we do this. He’s frustrated." Graham's selling point today? “I’m going to ask the president to do something President Obama would never do: reconsider.” https://t.co/dvvELpyd4g
RT @SportsCenter: Tua Tagovailoa had more TDs than incompletions 😳 https://t.co/yWmeCACnqt
That headset is in at least three different pieces now.
I don’t know what Nick Saban is writing down but I know I would never want my name on that list.
Jalen Hurts in at quarterback while Tua is in at wide receiver. Alabama scored 21 points in the first quarter. Oklahoma has zero yards. Not that I’m counting or anything.
@bdbyars Lol
@maggieNYT @vplus @yashar Cheese is never the problem. Always the answer.
That was for Tua. https://t.co/GK0Go2Aygh
Nick Saban tells ESPN he lays in bed at night and sees plays on the ceiling. "If they run this play, and we’re in this call, they're going to give up a big play..."
RT @ESPNCFB: Vivid Seats confirms what you probably already knew: @NDFootball and @AlabamaFTBL fans love to travel. https://t.co/x0MhL277uc
Heartbreaking news. Bre was a smart, promising writer. My heart goes out to her family and friends during this tragic time. https://t.co/WIDpkxN5ng
RT @nytimes: Sky in Queens Turns Bright Blue Amid Reports of Fire at Con Ed Substation https://t.co/bwQSaxQc9f
RT @BarrettSallee: Quinnen Williams: "I feel like Kyler Murray is not what everybo..."		Reporter: "What's that?"		Williams: "Nah I'm good"…
It was a crisp winter morning when Alan Meloy looked out his kitchen window and noticed a large trail in the sky. He didn't know he was about to accidentally uncover a secret presidential trip to a conflict zone. Love the details here from @NoahGrayCNN https://t.co/7ufuhgZ937
RT @jeneps: President Trump just finished addressing members of the military at Al Abad Air Base in Iraq. @flotus joined him on the trip. h…
President Trump visited American military forces in Iraq on Wednesday, a surprise trip and the first visit to troops stationed abroad.  https://t.co/xykpeaqhlR
RT @markknoller: "Yes, of course. 100%. Absolutely," says @WhiteHouseCEA Chair Keven Hassett this morning, asked if the job of Fed Chair Ja…
RT @charliespiering: Asked about the Russia investigation at the White House, Trump replies: "It’s a disgrace what’s happening in this coun…
“Col. Shoup,” he barked. But there was silence. Until finally, a small voice said, “Is this Santa Claus?” https://t.co/QkfdoSwfQt
RT @peterjhasson: Last thing I'll say on this: there's nothing funny at all about having people around the world sneer at and mock you base…
? https://t.co/ckzLwoKPUp
RT @OrangeBowl: Welcome to South Florida, @AlabamaFTBL! #RollTide #CapitalOneOrangeBowl https://t.co/eiaVl4obBl
RT @ZekeJMiller: “Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, not the president, notified Mattis of the decision, said a senior administration official…
Trump speeds up Mattis’s departure significantly. Aides say he had not realized how critical the defense secretary’s resignation letter was until coverage started playing out on television. https://t.co/PdTaUUaFnj
RT @ABCPolitics: Mick Mulvaney: We're in a "good place" on getting wall built and having Mexico "participate" in border security.		@jonkarl…
RT @ABCPolitics: Mick Mulvaney says he talked with Trump about the 2016 clip in which he called Trump "a terrible human being."		"We joked…
Christmas in Mar-a-Lago is canceled, per @PressSec. “Due to the shutdown, President Trump will remain in Washington, D.C. and the First Lady will return from Florida so they can spend Christmas together.”
RT @rabrowne75: .@brett_mcgurk the Special Presidential Envoy for the fight against ISIS submitted his resignation Friday, a senior adminis…
RT @jaketapper: In the Tapper administration it will become law that when there’s a government shutdown the first people to lose their payc…
RT @wolfblitzer: Bottom line if there’s a partial government shutdown: 800,000 federal workers won’t get paychecks during this Christmas se…
Have you aged ten years this week? Because it was *one week ago* when Mulvaney had been in and out of the Oval Office for scheduled talks about an impending budget showdown when, on the spur of the moment, President Trump offered him the open chief of staff job.
Guess who technically, formally shuts down the government? That would be White House budget director and incoming chief of staff Mick Mulvaney. This won't be his first time -- he did the same in January 2018.
And now they're leaving! This is the end of my play by play of the vice president's location. Thanks for coming along.
Nearly five hours later, Pence, Mulvaney and Kushner are still on the Hill, working behind closed doors. Less than four hours to go until part of the government shuts down.
Lashing out, President Trump was frustrated that the prosecutors Matt Whitaker oversees filed charges against Michael Cohen that made him look bad. Nice scoop from @LauraAJarrett and @PamelaBrownCNN https://t.co/pHj7ZLYAp1
Unless some Christmas magic happens, we are getting a partial government shutdown. Now the question is: How long will it last? Trump said he's "totally prepared" for a long one, but Pence, Kushner and Mulvaney are still on the Hill, meaning they hope it will be a short one. https://t.co/JEbv4r0t4X
Despite Trump saying he would proudly shut down the government over border security, his VP, incoming chief of staff and son-in-law/senior adviser are shuttling around Capitol Hill now. The possibility of a compromise is revived. Lots of doubt one will come by midnight, though.
The motion to proceed was adopted with the vice president's tie breaking vote. Doug Jones was the only Democrat to vote yes. As far as next steps, McConnell says, "When an agreement is reached, it will receive a vote here on the floor."
Now they're on their way to Paul Ryan's office.
They just went into Schumer's office.
Pence, Mick Mulvaney and Jared Kushner are all on Capitol Hill right now.
There are lots of people who criticized Trump when he didn't seem like a serious candidate to only have a change of heart when he became president. But this is notable because multiple people were blocked from nat sec, other jobs for making similar, if not less critical, remarks. https://t.co/0MuU51Ucyt
Outgoing Defense Secretary James Mattis shaking hands with the outgoing chief of staff John Kelly today. https://t.co/IOIovA2u8g
That’s one resilient lady.  https://t.co/MdpMx9NaD4
As Senate Republicans head to the White House for a last minute meeting with President Trump, a source tells @tedbarrettcnn “things are so chaotic at the White House that some Republican senators can’t get in because Secret Service didn’t even have time to clear them.”
What a detail. “Returning to the Pentagon, he asked aides to print out 50 copies of his resignation letter and distribute them around the building.”  https://t.co/iUDDQLr3zZ
RT @barbarastarrcnn: #Mattis back at work by 6:15 this morning day after resigning. Senior official tells me @realDonaldTrump was "surprise…
The more you read Mattis’s resignation letter, the clearer it becomes that Trump had not read it before he sent his tweet.
President Trump was supposed to head to Mar-a-Lago tomorrow afternoon for his holiday vacation. No departure on the schedule though as a partial government shutdown becomes widely expected in Washington. https://t.co/HO16QBPRDp
RT @rabrowne75: Defense officials tell me Mattis went to the White House to discuss Syria &amp; that he was livid after reading reports that Tu…
@JakeSherman So quaint.
Two officials tell CNN Mattis has yet to sign off on the execute order for the withdrawal from Syria. One said the order drafted says the timeline for withdrawal is 120 days from signing. Per @barbarastarrcnn and @rabrowne75
But they weren’t always icy. They actually used to be quite strong. Mattis dined with Trump regularly in the White House, more than any other official, at the beginning of the administration. But the relationship vastly deteriorated.
Mattis offered no words of praise for Trump in his resignation letter, yet the White House continues to tout their "great relationship." In reality, things had been icy. Trump was irritated he was viewed as the "adult in the room" and called him a Democrat, which he denied.
Mattis went to the White House to discuss his concerns over Syria and try to change Trump's mind, but he was unable to so he resigned, sources tell me, @barbarastarrcnn and @rabrowne75. An official notes he had his letter on hand, so it seems he didn't predict he'd be successful.
Sarah Sanders tells reporters it's not a bad thing for Trump to have different views than his national security team. This is much more drastic than just different opinions. The defense secretary resigned over a decision the president made because he disagreed so vehemently.
Defense Secretary Mattis met with President Trump one-on-one in the Oval Office this afternoon around 3:30, according to a senior White House official who declined to be identified. He told Trump he was going to be leaving and offered his letter.
RT @PhilipRucker: It's hard to overstate the magnitude of Mattis's resignation. The world viewed him as the rock. As crazy as things appear…
There isn't a single word of praise for Trump in Mattis's resignation letter.
It is crystal clear that Mattis is quitting, not retiring. "Because you have the right to a Secretary of Defense whose views are better aligned with yours on these and other subjects, I believe it is right for me to step down from my position," he writes in his letter to Trump.
Wow. @barbarastarrcnn is reading Defense Secretary Mattis's resignation letter on air right now. In it, Mattis tells the president he deserves a defense secretary whose views are more aligned with his. "This is not Mattis retiring, like the president says," Barbara adds.
Significant changes are happening to what used to be one of the president's most beloved groups -- "the generals." John Kelly is leaving at the end of the month. Mattis will step down in February. Dunford's term expires next year.
Sen. Graham said today Defense Secretary Mattis was not in favor of President Trump’s decision to withdraw troops from Syria. @barbarastarrcnn reporting now: "Let's be very clear: he is being pushed out." https://t.co/RpiGnvszHi
"The US has about 14k troops in Afghanistan, most of which are present as part of larger NATO-led mission to train, advise and assist Afghan forces. Any withdrawal would be complicated by the fact that the U.S. is part of NATO's Resolute Support mission." https://t.co/LXg9GIo3Jz
Big. @jaketapper reports that Trump administration officials are now bracing for the president to announce the withdrawal of U.S. troops from Afghanistan soon. No final decision has been made by Trump, the sources warned.
RT @TheLeadCNN: "You don't have to call the wall a wall. Can you say they are steel slats in order to give the Democrats a way out to fund?…
President Trump says he wants funding for "steel slats" to "give them a little bit out of an out." "We don’t use the word wall necessarily," he says at a signing of the farm bill.
Sen. Susan Collins almost dropped her handbag when reporters told her President Trump wouldn't sign the spending bill unless border wall money was added. "Did he just say that?" she asked. "Ugh, are you ruining my life?" Via none other than @tedbarrettcnn 	https://t.co/78bHhMqYxq
Trump claimed yesterday ISIS had been defeated in Syria. https://t.co/lfxyC19pId
RT @charliespiering: Rush Limbaugh before top of the hour break:  "The president got word to me 20 minutes ago that if it comes back to him…
Neither Ryan nor McCarthy mentioned the wall specifically outside the White House just now, only saying they will work on adding "border security." Sanders says here that means a wall. https://t.co/fOYh9pkvAj
RT @burgessev: Sen. Johnson said at least half the GOP Senators have already gone home
Ryan and McCarthy took no questions. Back to the Hill they go to figure this out. Reminder that Trump is set to leave Washington for a long Christmas break in roughly 24 hours.
SIREN: Paul Ryan says Trump informed them he won't sign the spending bill.
Sarah Sanders says “at this moment, the President does not want to go further without border security, which includes steel slats or a wall.” He’s having lunch with House Rs at noon.
Sen. Graham, who just returned from Afghanistan with @KateBolduan, says he hasn’t talked to President Trump about withdrawing from Syria yet. “I’m urging the president to reconsider.”
RT @EamonJavers: Pete Williams asks Rosenstein whether he’s going to continue to oversee the Mueller investigation in the Whitaker era. Ros…
He was furious. Yelling at aides and Republicans. Barely signing it in the end. Once he did, he made a point of going in front of the cameras to say he would “never” sign a bill like this again. That’s why aides won’t guarantee he’ll sign this one — bc they remember March well.
Trump is unhappy with the spending bill. We’ve been here before. Last March, to be exact. The eyes of current and former officials still go wide when they talk about what it was like inside the West Wing in the hours leading up to him signing the omnibus spending bill.
Trump just got off the phone with Paul Ryan. https://t.co/n02kIvNcIE
We reported last night that Trump is becoming very sensitive to criticism he’s backing off the border wall. He’s watching who’s going after him, lashing out at aides to “fix it.” Rs say they’re confident he’ll sign the CR, but look for some drama over the next 24 hours.
Acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker has consulted with ethics officials at the Justice Department and they have advised him he does not need to recuse himself from overseeing special counsel Robert Mueller's Russia investigation.  https://t.co/TsQFxrlhx6
RT @yashar: This language sounds familiar.... https://t.co/FNQo5CryEl
Rep. Adam Kinzinger, a Republican who served in Iraq and Afghanistan, told @jaketapper resigning over the Syria decision is up to Mattis, but if it was him, he would "have a hard time moving forward on executing a strategy that would put the U.S. in more danger."
Funding the wall has created staffing rifts. Stephen Miller once cut Shahira Knight off in the middle of her sentence while she was arguing the WH would be in a better position to fight for funding after midterms. Knight went quiet, those in the room said. https://t.co/AGLEiGePJn https://t.co/APXEC4L20h
@SarahBurris Thank you! It's cold out here.
President Trump is starting to be irritated by criticism he's abandoning his signature campaign promise to build a border wall. Ann Coulter declared today she won't vote for him in 2020 if the wall isn't built. https://t.co/AGLEiGePJn
RT @GarrettHaake: .@SenBobCorker tells reporters his planned meeting with President Trump was cancelled WHILE he was sitting at the White H…
Asked about the president's decision contradicting what John Bolton said just months ago -- that the U.S. will have a presence in Syria as long as Iran is operating there -- the official chalked it up to Trump's prerogative.
A White House official who just briefed reporters on the decision to withdraw U.S. troops from Syria could not say how many have come home, what the timeline is or when others will be leaving. The official referred several questions to DOD, who is referring questions to the WH.
The State Department had a press briefing scheduled for this afternoon but it has been canceled. That as a U.S. defense officials tells @barbarastarrcnn that planning is underway for a "full" and "rapid" withdrawal of US troops from Syria.
Sarah Sanders: “We have started returning United States troops home as we transition to the next phase of this campaign...” https://t.co/1V00r4WUyP
One of the president’s top allies on Capitol Hill disagrees with him that ISIS is defeated in Syria. https://t.co/ipy637jk1i
RT @rabrowne75: Pentagon on Syria: "At this time, we continue to work by, with and through our partners in the region." (key phrase "at thi…
RT @jaketapper: US preparing for 'full' and 'rapid' withdrawal from Syria - CNNPolitics https://t.co/LTSIPEwMYK
I can attest to this. https://t.co/zxr0rk7WOH
The White House's position is that calling someone a rat is appropriate if they are dishonest and lying. Michael Flynn lied to the FBI, Pence, Priebus and Spicer and was fired for lying, but they wished him well today as he awaits his sentencing. https://t.co/oAGYk4vVRL
“It’s perfectly acceptable for the president to make a positive comment about somebody while we wait to see what the court’s determination is," Sanders tells @jdawsey1.
Sarah Sanders said it's "perfectly acceptable" for the president to make positive comments about someone who has admitted to lying to agents of his own government and who worked, unregistered, on behalf of another government during his campaign.
RT @charliespiering: TRUMP will again go to Davos, Sarah Sanders confirms
As Flynn left the federal courthouse just now, people outside chanted, “Lock him up.”
RT @jimsciutto: Breaking: Flynn's attorney asks judge to delay sentencing. "We are prepared to take your honor up on his suggestion of dela…
Now back in court, Judge Sullivan says, "I made a statement about Mr. Flynn acting as a foreign agent in the White House" that was incorrect. Prosecutor says Flynn's foreign lobbying ended before Trump administration began. Judge adds "I'm not suggesting" Flynn committed treason.
Sanders also didn't say if she or Trump believe Flynn broke the law, but pointed back to the FBI's interview of him. https://t.co/hXW7YSNuwU
It's very clear that this is not how the White House expected Michael Flynn's sentencing to go. Sarah Sanders suggested to @BillHemmer this morning that they believed the judge would be more critical of how the FBI interviewed Flynn. https://t.co/dFvDN582AA
Sarah Sanders said on Fox this morning that Flynn was "ambushed" by the agents who conducted his interview. https://t.co/dmyxq29pEM
The judge sentencing Flynn asked if his conduct "rises to the level of treasonous activity." Special counsel prosecutors said they didn't consider charging him with such. "Could he have been charged with treason?” the judge asks.
“All along, you were an unregistered agent of a foreign country while serving as the national security adviser to the President of the United States,” the judge tells Mike Flynn. "That undermines everything this flag over here stands for. Arguably, you sold your country out."
"I was aware," Michael Flynn says, that lying to FBI investigators was a crime when he was interviewed in January 2017.
During Mike Flynn's sentencing, the judge asks Flynn's attorney Stephen Anthony if the former national security adviser was "entrapped by the FBI." Anthony says, "No, your Honor."
The president is shuttering his personal charity amid an ongoing lawsuit.  https://t.co/IKjIA2aTEB
The Trump administration is officially banning bump stocks, @LauraAJarrett reports. Under a new federal rule, those who possess bump stocks will get 90 days to turn them in from the date the rule is published in the federal register.
RT @costareports: Arizona governor taps Martha McSally to fill Senate seat once held by McCain... https://t.co/uWU0Gpl6tA
Asked about the president saying he should be ashamed of himself, Jeff Sessions tells @mkraju, “The president always says what he wants.”
First one this month. The last one was November 27, the only one held that month. Two in October. One in September. Sanders has justified this by noting how often the president speaks to reporters. https://t.co/raYh9yXZJm
RT @karentravers: New: Hints from @PressSec about how the WH could compromise on border wall funding fight. 		She says on Fox News there ar…
RT @steveliesman: Chance of recession rises to the highest level of the Trump presidency: CNBC Fed Survey https://t.co/wW5umcewvG
This makes it harder for his allies to argue he was tricked into lying, as they have tried to do in recent days. These aren’t open ended questions — they are essentially yes or no answers.
There is a serious level of detail in the questions the FBI agents asked Flynn. They are specific and have a direct focus. Did he discuss a UN vote on Israeli settlements, the expulsion of Russian officers, or request a muted reaction to the expulsions? Not casual conversation.
Flynn told the agents he did not understand why the Obama administration expelled 35 Russian intelligence operatives. “Flynn stated he could understand one PNG [persona non grata], but not thirty five,” the memo notes.
Agents asked Flynn if he had any convos with the Russian ambassador about the expulsion of Russian diplomats or closing of Russian properties in response to Russian interference. “Flynn stated that he did not.” (The charging documents from when he pleaded guilty show he did.)
From the memo: “Flynn again stated that he appreciated the interviewing agents reminding him that he had another conversation with Kislyak.”
(The NYT reported last year that Mueller’s team has emails showing Flynn saying he would work to kill the vote.)
From the redacted notes of the FBI’s interview with Mike Flynn: While agents were asking him about his conversations with the Russian ambassador, they asked if he recalled any convos about the UN vote on Israeli settlements. “Flynn quickly responded, ‘Yes, good reminder.’”
"Do you have confidence in the acting attorney general, Matt Whitaker?" @mkraju asks. "No comment," Comey says.
Asked if he has caused damage to the FBI's credibility, James Comey says no. He says it has taken a hit because President Trump "has lied about it constantly" and calls it "a tragedy" that people believe it. "That damage has nothing to do with me," Comey says.
FWIW, White House staffers have to purchase food from the Mess. It's not free.
Outgoing Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke, who had a 1:45 meeting with the president, was just seen leaving the West Wing with a to-go box from the White House Mess in hand. https://t.co/5WvmQ2M5eq
“After the election, the Internet Research Agency put up some 70 posts on Facebook and Instagram that mocked the claims that Russia had interfered in the election. “You’ve lost and don’t know what to do?” one post said. “Just blame it on Russian hackers.” https://t.co/2dCxEOFoBc
“Active and ongoing interference operations remain on several platforms,” says the report. One continuing Russian campaign, for instance, seeks to influence opinion on Syria by promoting Bashar al-Assad. https://t.co/2dCxEOFoBc
RT @FoxNewsSunday: .@RudyGiuliani on if President Trump will sit down for an interview with Special Counsel Robert Mueller: “good luck…over…
John Kelly was just seen leaving the West Wing. You can always tell it’s him by the signature bag. https://t.co/rNmHpJe0wF
Mulvaney didn’t go to the White House today to interview for the chief of staff job, per sources. He went to discuss the looming government shutdown. Walked out with a promotion. https://t.co/PxrkAdOtz2
One fun wrinkle in all of this: Mulvaney was in charge of the budget when only $1.6 billion was allocated for the president's border wall. Trump barely signed it, and has fumed ever since. Now he wants $5 billion for the wall, and it could lead to a government shutdown.
Was Mulvaney in the right place at the right time? Trump was about to end the week after days of speculation about who would replace Kelly. Emerging narrative was no one wanted job. Mulvaney was at White House today to discuss looming gvt shutdown, &amp; walked out with the top job.
This official would not go on the record, however.
A White House official tells the print pool that Trump and Mulvaney met face to face today. This person also told @hunterw that Mulvaney is acting chief of staff because the president desired such, despite our reporting showing that the president didn't want an acting chief.
Nick Ayers also wanted to be named acting chief of staff. He wanted to take the job on an interim basis with a set departure date in a few months. But Trump protested. He was vehemently against having an acting chief of staff. But guess what? We now have an acting chief of staff.
From the special counsel's filing: "A sitting National Security Advisor, former head of an intelligence agency, retired Lieutenant General, and 33-year veteran of the armed forces knows he should not lie to federal agents. He does not need to be warned it is a crime..."
Robert Mueller says Michael Flynn was “committed to his false story” that he didn't discuss sanctions with the Russian ambassador before he lied to the FBI. First, to the Washington Post, then Pence, Priebus and Spicer, who all repeated the lie on national TV. Then he lied to FBI
The cost of the Justice Department’s ongoing investigation into Russia's interference in the 2016 election is now roughly $25 million, according to the latest figures filed Friday by the special counsel’s office. https://t.co/rL88YqyIko
Hmmmm. https://t.co/yc4cnwFxD2 https://t.co/MpFBkIocq1
Hatch wasn't the only one who downplayed it. Sen. Kennedy said, "Jesus loves him, but everybody else thinks he's an idiot...And if I were a prosecutor, I wouldn't base a prosecution on evidence given to me by Mr. Cohen." 		https://t.co/mAbnJyOdi7
HATCH: "I don’t believe the President broke the law, but one of the core principles of our country is that no one is above the law. That means anyone who does break the law should face appropriate consequences."
Earlier this week, Sen. Hatch shrugged off President Trump being implicated by prosecutors in two crimes committed by Michael Cohen, telling @mkraju, "I don't care, all I can say is he's doing a good job as President." Now he says he regrets the remark. https://t.co/0XNOq4G5zU https://t.co/SVn3zyklgH
On paper as always, the Chinese economy looks fine. But beneath the surface, a sharp slowdown is building. 		https://t.co/Gupqsr05sX
#1 and #2 as we await #3! https://t.co/mlEMvWM745
RT @GStephanopoulos: Just sat down with Michael Cohen for his first response to sentencing and President Trump. Watch tomorrow on @GMA http…
FYI Rick Gates hasn’t been sentenced yet. He pleaded guilty earlier this year to conspiracy (regarding his and Manafort’s work in Ukraine) and lying to the FBI.
The line that will irk the president the most: “The investigation partly arises out of materials seized in the federal probe of former Trump lawyer Michael Cohen’s business dealings, according to people familiar with the matter.” https://t.co/Hr4z5aOGG2
“Federal prosecutors have asked Rick Gates about the fund’s spending and its donors, according to people familiar with the matter. Gates has met with prosecutors from the Manhattan U.S. attorney’s office and the special counsel’s office.” https://t.co/Hr4z5aOGG2
RT @Phil_Mattingly: NEWS: The U.S. Senate, 56-41, voted to pass the War Powers Resolution that would halt U.S. military assistance to Saudi…
From WSJ: "Pecker called off the reimbursement deal in October 2016." So Trump is walking the line here by saying they paid no money to AMI, without mentioning it's because Pecker called it off at advice of his counsel, who feared it would an in-kind campaign contribution. https://t.co/bOgzjEqcGI
RT @edbott: @normative @kaitlancollins From the @WSJ: https://t.co/FbmMoETChC
Here's the transcript. Trump says, "So what do we got to pay for this? One-fifty?" He suggests paying in cash, then when Cohen protests, he says "check." Unless Trump is telling Fox today they never paid AMI back the $150,000 they paid for the rights to McDougal's story. https://t.co/LCX2lu56qA
From CNN in July: "I need to open up a company for the transfer of all of that info regarding our friend David," Cohen said in the recording, likely a reference to American Media head David Pecker. https://t.co/2EfVSNXIfM
Trump says, “I don’t think – and I have to go check – I don’t think they even paid any money to that tabloid. I don’t think we made a payment to that tabloid.” He is on tape discussing the payment to that tabloid — the National Enquirer, and therefore, its publisher — w Cohen.
President Trump tells Harris Faulkner he wants someone who is “strong” and thinks like he does to be his next chief of staff.
President Trump tells Fox Michael Cohen was only charged with violating campaign finance laws to embarrass him. He repeatedly says it was meant to embarrass him, and anyone who knows Trump knows that’s the worst thing you can do to him.
Trump says Michael Cohen was OK on television.
RT @ChuckRossDC: A bit of a twist in the Butina statement of offense. Butina, Torshin, Paul Erickson and "at least one other person" are in…
Oh no! The Rolling Thunder will hold its last ride through Washington next year. Organizers said it’s become too expensive. “It was a tough decision for us to make,” spokeswoman Nancy Regg told CNN. I loved watching the sea of bikes go over the Memorial Bridge, honoring POW/MIA.
RT @CBSEveningNews: EYE ON AMERICA: An estimated 10 million Americans above the age of 65 are still working -- an increase of 240 percent s…
Flynn also lied to the Vice President. https://t.co/jXf5eY6lA6
Apple announced Thursday it would be expanding its offices around the United States, with a $1 billion new campus in Austin and new sites in Seattle, San Diego and Culver City, Calif. https://t.co/tLdx2TPmI9
On camera, too. If he didn't think there was anything wrong with making the payments, as he stated this morning, why lie about knowing about them? https://t.co/q4biQgwiqX
The president is not disputing that he had Michael Cohen make payments to women in order to keep them quiet about their allegations. He's disputing that he told him to break the law while doing so.
Newt Gingrich weighs in on the chief of staff search. “I don't think you can ever impose order on Donald Trump,” he tells Fox. “He is a unique, entrepreneurial personality. As John Kelly used to say, he was chief of staff, not chief of president.”
Does this mean he no longer needs the $5 billion for the wall and will avoid a government shutdown next week? https://t.co/68FlZCergR
RT @samstein: EXCLUSIVE: Armed Services Chair James Inhofe bought 50k-100k in Raytheon stock days after pushing for record Pentagon budget.…
First reported by WSJ. https://t.co/uvf4Bq9WnX
One less contender in the mix: Sarah Sanders says President Trump has asked Mark Meadows to remain in Congress rather than becoming his next chief of staff. Trump told Reuters yesterday he was considering up to a dozen names.
Applause broke out after Sen. Tim Scott brought up Trump's support for a criminal justice reform bill. (Advocates spent weeks lobbying him to support it.) “When it passes, the credit starts at the White House,” Scott said. "I think that means Tim gets the first pen," Trump joked.
President Trump signed an executive order establishing a council that will be in charge of what the White House is calling "opportunity zones." They are designed to boost investment in low-income communities. Read more here: 	https://t.co/LDcBt0q6Lu
President Trump does not answer questions about Michael Cohen after signing an executive order in the Roosevelt Room.
In plain terms: Prosecutors are saying the publisher for the National Enquirer admitted it was coordinating with the Trump campaign when it paid $150,000 to Playboy model Karen McDougal so she wouldn't go public with her allegations about an affair Trump before the election. https://t.co/gRmtcehMNc
"AMI admitted that it made the $150,000 payment in concert with a candidate’s presidential campaign, and in order to ensure that the woman did not publicize damaging allegations about the candidate before the 2016 presidential election." https://t.co/0Hf2wlU251
RT @KlasfeldReports: BREAKING: @SDNYnews released a press release announcing today that "it has previously reached a non-prosecution agreem…
RT @MarshallCohen: Michael Cohen was sentenced to 3 years in prison and ordered to report to on March 6, 2019. So, barring major changes, C…
Michael Cohen, President Trump's attorney and longtime fixer who once wanted to work in the White House, has been sentenced to three years in prison.
RT @maggieNYT: Trump told reporters the other day that he hired Cohen because he did a "favor" for him long ago. That favor is referenced i…
COHEN: "Recently the president tweeted a statement calling me weak, and it was correct, but for a much different reason than he was implying. It was because time and time again i felt it was my duty to cover up his dirty deeds." https://t.co/D2SHrk8mSO
Michael Cohen, in court, says, "I take full responsibility for each act that I pled guilty to: the personal ones to me, and those involving the President of the United States of America." Per @eorden, who is in the room.
Michael Cohen once had dreams of working in the White House. Today he will be sentenced for his role in a hush money scandal that he's implicated the president in. Follow the live updates here: https://t.co/l2vYY5rd62
RT @mlcalderone: Fox News anchor Harris Faulkner interviewing President Trump tomorrow, airing on “Outnumbered Overtime” at 1pm.
Never heard this phrase in my life. https://t.co/YrlVmWPQB6
"In another time, the Washington photo opportunity was a steady ritual. Leaders smiled, usually sitting in well-stuffed chairs...Pleasantries were spoken. The main objective was to get the picture and say as little as possible. How quaint." https://t.co/5FGuT542pN
12:16:50 TRUMP: "See? We get along." https://t.co/suQhAXuFYp
Schumer and Pelosi put out a two sentence statement after that Oval Office clash for the ages: "We gave the president two options that would keep the government open. It’s his choice to accept one of those options or shut the government down.”
RT @markknoller: Outgoing Chief of Staff John Kelly seemed amused by the heated argument between Trump, Pelosi and Schumer and also by what…
Stephen Miller was seen standing at the back of the Oval Office with his arms crossed as reporters left Trump's meeting with Schumer and Pelosi.
Trump, at the end of his heated argument with Pelosi and Schumer, is asked about his search to replace John Kelly. "We’ve got a wonderful chief of staff right now," he says. "We are in no rush." Says he will announce in maybe a week or two.
Trump: "I am proud to shut down the government for border security, Chuck...I will take the mantle. I will be the one to shut it down. I’m not gonna blame you.”
WOW. Sitting in the Oval Office, Sen. Schumer looks to reporters and says, "When the president brags that he got North Dakota and Indiana, he’s in trouble..." President Trump: "I did!"
In a meeting that was originally closed to the press, Schumer tells the president, "You say, 'I want to shut down the government.' I don't." Trump: "The last time you shut it down, you got killed."
Trump’s expression here. https://t.co/Itq5QCJqM2
Read up on the meeting that’s happening right now. From @arogDC https://t.co/o2TEaPw9qZ
Schumer and Pelosi arrived at the White House moments ago for their meeting with Trump. Reporters and cameras were just unexpectedly summoned. And in the words of one Democratic Senator to @Phil_Mattingly last night: “How big of a show is he going to want this meeting to be?”
The US military called off its search for the Marines on Tuesday, according to a statement from the Marine Expeditionary Force. https://t.co/xySmR4TDbN
Update: He's now in the briefing room. I asked if he's going to take the open chief of staff job. He said his credentials are ready. https://t.co/QviOhao4PN
RT @TheLeadCNN: “Now old names are being floated and essentially, it is a free for all in Washington for who is going to be the next chief…
Jon Voight was just spotted entering the West Wing, per @abdallahcnn. https://t.co/Q3l0PwBsNQ
The idea that the president of the Yankees is being floated for chief of staff (which Randy Levine denies) shows what a guessing game this is. Trump was taken aback by Ayers declining. There was no back up. Old names are being revived. It has become, essentially, a free-for-all.
Trump hired Kelly to implement a sense of order in the West Wing. Now he wants his next chief of staff to be all about politics, politics, politics. He has remarked on several occasions that the West Wing needs more aides who are political killers. 	https://t.co/o0pAQOUQjz
Trump and Ayers were still in the middle of negotiations about the chief of staff job when the president gave him a task: conduct a thorough review of how the West Wing operates, including staffing, &amp; make it more politically focused for the next 2 years. 	https://t.co/o0pAQODfs1
Accused Russian spy Maria Butina appears to have reached a plea deal with federal prosecutors. https://t.co/jJNV142QER
The only thing on the president’s public schedule today is a lunch with the vice president. Guess who usually attends these lunches? John Kelly and Nick Ayers. https://t.co/yQJmiuUjFL
John Kelly was seen giving tours to guests at the White House over the weekend.
"I can't breathe." These were the final words uttered by Jamal Khashoggi after he was set upon by a Saudi hit squad at the country's consulate in Istanbul. https://t.co/xE4LfgUVYW
POTUS thought Ayers would budge on timing. That didn’t happen. Now there’s no clear runner up. https://t.co/vgyhI8MKTx
Story here: https://t.co/YvkJe8nXcI
Ayers was about as close to getting the chief of staff job as you can get. Statements were prepared, etc. All came down to timing. Those on the shortlist are names who were considered before &amp; have been revived, or were added in the last few hours. Will be an interesting 3 weeks.
Ayers is out &gt; https://t.co/0HhM8LpLJ5
Ayers told Trump he would take the chief of staff job on a temporary basis, but Trump was insistent on two years. There isn’t really anyone else on a shortlist for this job. Kelly leaves in three weeks.
Ayers is expected to leave the vice president’s office at the end of the year to run the Trump super PAC, per a source. https://t.co/MYu8NoPmlT
Nick Ayers, the leading candidate to replace John Kelly as chief of staff, won’t take the job, I’m told. He and Trump could not agree to terms. Trump pushed Ayers to commit to 2 years, but he declined, citing young kids &amp; desire to move back to GA. Unclear who will take the job.
Rubio tells @jaketapper the U.S.-Saudi alliance is not w/out its limits. “The bottom line is there is no way 17 people close to [MBS] got on a plane, flew to a country, went into a consulate, killed &amp; chopped up a man, flew back, and he didn't know about it, much less order it.”
#TeamTua
Comey denies being “best friends” with Mueller, as Trump claimed. “I don't know his phone number, I've never been to his house, I don't know his children's names. I think I had a meal once alone with him...We're not friends in any social sense.” https://t.co/fMmyxivdxm https://t.co/c3qdt4LP90
So it’s not a done deal. (Yet?)
There’s a reason Trump didn’t announce Nick Ayers replacing Kelly yet. Source says they’re still negotiating. Ayers told Trump he wants to go back to his home state Georgia at the end of the year, but offered to become COS temporarily. However, Trump wants a two-year commitment.
Trump announcing it on the South Lawn today was not the plan, but Kelly and the president had discussed him leaving over the last 24 hours. Aides know there aren’t really any concrete plans when it comes to Trump.
President Trump allows John Kelly a graceful exit, a rarity in the Trump administration.
And a little over 24 hours later, Kelly is out.  https://t.co/jdeFrHrkg5
RT @nytmike: This line from Mueller's filing on Cohen may tell us more about how the special counsel's office sees the world than anything…
After signing his plea agreement, Manafort said he had no direct or indirect contact w anyone in the Trump administration while they were there. But according to the filing, in a text exchange in May 2018, he authorized someone to speak with an admin official on his behalf. https://t.co/nhdL9rky0s
Mueller’s office says Paul Manafort lied on five major issues during his cooperation, including his “contact with administration officials,” according to a version of the filing posted online Friday night. Via @kpolantz
Trump never got over Tillerson calling him a moron. https://t.co/JKMkc9bsA8
Full story here: https://t.co/AvkPBWd9bc
John Kelly has been questioned by Mueller’s team, @evanperez now reports.
Rex Tillerson says it was tough to go from working at Exxon to working "for a man who is pretty undisciplined, doesn’t like to read, doesn’t read briefing reports, doesn’t like to get into the details of a lot of things, but rather just says, ‘This is what I believe.’"
Just to follow up on this -- Shine and Sanders stayed behind at the White House. They were present for the president's departure. Another communications aide is traveling with Trump today.
Bill Shine, Sarah Sanders and a few other aides followed the president onto Marine One. John Kelly wasn't one of them. He's not going to Kansas City.
President Trump just walked out and announced he is picking Bill Barr to be the next attorney general and Heather Nauert to be the next UN ambassador. He said he will announce another pick tomorrow at the Army-Navy game, but does not answer questions about his chief of staff.
The US economy added 155,000 jobs in November. The unemployment rate remained at 3.7 percent.
87 pages! https://t.co/IJCWQGYXJN
Trump and John Kelly have had an up and down relationship for months now. So what’s different this time? They aren’t speaking. And Trump is becoming increasingly concerned about what the next two years will look like with Democrats in charge of the House. https://t.co/jdeFrHrkg5
John Kelly is expected to resign soon, I'm told. Trump and Kelly are essentially at a stalemate in their relationship and it's no longer seen as tenable by either party. They have stopped speaking in recent days, I'm told. Of course, it's all ultimately up to Trump.
Bill Stepien, the director of political affairs, and Justin Clark, who oversees the Office of Public Liaison, are both expected to announce their exits from the White House today. They’re headed for the 2020 campaign. First reported in Playbook this a.m.
Nellie Ohr? https://t.co/uX7Nu9txhw
Built by Bama. https://t.co/o1Se8xfryX
Thanks @Mediaite! https://t.co/CBzl1148AY
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo has made clear he wants the U.N. ambassador position downgraded from being a Cabinet-level job, I'm told. https://t.co/ux0IhoEo8S
RT @maggieNYT: Trump to split reelection campaign between New York and D.C. via ⁦@politicoalex⁩  https://t.co/OTDwTKubyW
The arrest of a top executive at Chinese tech giant Huawei at the request of the U.S. government has angered Beijing, alarmed investors and raised new doubts about the fragile truce that the leaders of the world's top two economies reached just days ago. https://t.co/jgKPEDg1yY
@BrettSible I believe he belongs to the @SecretService
The U.S. has begun making the necessary preparations to sail a warship into the Black Sea, a move that comes amid heightened tensions in the region following Russia's seizure of Ukrainian ships and detention of Ukrainian sailors, @rabrowne75 reports. https://t.co/enWUJX8N5Y
What a beautiful eulogy from a son to his father. Describing him as a man with two settings: "full throttle and sleep," who preferred Grey Goose and a steak from Morton's over broccoli, and someone who valued character over pedigree, usually finding the good in everybody.
RT @meridithmcgraw: A great line from longtime Bush buddy and former Senator, Alan Simpson: ”Those who travel the high road of humility in…
Alan Simpson was told back in 2012 that the Bush family wanted him to eulogize H.W. when the time came. "You cry while you’re preparing it,” he said, “so you won’t cry while you’re giving it.” https://t.co/o1WyZzTRSa
RT @KellyO: The summer of 1946 produced three presidents who will be here today. @realDonaldTrump in June, George W  Bush in July and @Bill…
This is the first time President Trump and President Obama have been in the same room since Trump was inaugurated almost two years ago. Now they’re seated next to each other in the same row at the National Cathedral for the funeral of the 41st.
RT @pkcapitol: Godspeed, 41 https://t.co/V2DL7b4Py8
“Once, when a staffer at Bush's Houston district office queried Rhodes for a safe's combination to retrieve the congressman's passport, Rhodes refused to divulge it. Instead, he drove from Washington, D.C., to Houston to open the safe himself.”
Read more about him here: https://t.co/9YLDefnJ2B
What a great story @mkcary told this morning. Don Rhodes was an orphan who started volunteering for the Bush Senate campaign while attending school, working at a convenience store at night and sleeping in his car. He went on to become the longest serving aide to George H.W. Bush.
President Trump phoned George H.W. Bush on his birthday two summers ago. He called George W. Bush when he picked Brett Kavanaugh. He hasn’t spoken to Barack Obama, Bill Clinton or Jimmy Carter since taking office. But today they will all be in Washington.  https://t.co/RaWA654kgC
https://t.co/FSZzJOZm16
https://t.co/rK6BrAfcS5
https://t.co/9ErlNnDirx
Read the special counsel's sentencing memo for former national security adviser Michael Flynn. (What's not redacted, that is.) https://t.co/312Pn66hOI
RT @dougmillsnyt: .@realDonaldTrump and First Lady Melania Trump are greeted by former president George W. Bush and Mrs. Bush as they arriv…
Read more about the 120-room house in this great Washington Post piece from the summer. https://t.co/i0BV95VQgS
President Trump and Melania Trump are visiting the Bush family at the Blair House right now. It’s been the president’s guesthouse since 1942, and is across the street from the White House. (Fun fact: Guests are allowed to smoke inside as “a diplomatic courtesy.”) https://t.co/FXUgt9Yrdh
RT @jgm41: A last, powerful gesture of respect from one member of the Greatest Generation, @SenatorDole, to another. #Remembering41 #Bush41…
Sen. Graham says he won't support further arms sales to Saudi Arabia as long as MBS is in charge. Trump has argued it's not in the U.S.'s economic interest to hold them accountable. His aides believe sanctioning the 17 Saudis was enough. The White House has essentially moved on.
The administration is now firmly at odds with Republicans on MBS and Khashoggi. 	Trump: "Maybe he did and maybe he didn't!"	Mattis: "No smoking gun."	Pompeo: "No direct reporting."	Graham: "There's a smoking saw."	Corker: "If he was in front of a jury, he would be convicted."
Sen. Corker: If the crown prince went in front of a jury, he would be convicted in 30 minutes." https://t.co/Rv0bT1N5UN
After the briefing with the CIA director, Sen. Lindsey Graham says he's confident MBS is responsible for the murder of Jamal Khashoggi. “There’s not a smoking gun, there’s a smoking saw.”
Bolton says he expects Trump’s second meeting with Kim Jong Un to happen in January or February. “They have not lived up to the commitments so far,” Bolton said during a WSJ conference. “That’s why I think the President thinks another summit is likely to be productive.”
Gina Haspel is expected to brief a small group of lawmakers on the murder of journalist Jamal Khashoggi today.  https://t.co/xEZ6jlqcuY
President Trump and the First Lady came into the rotunda, stood silently and closed their eyes for a few moments. Then the 45th president saluted the 41st, turned and left.
President Trump just arrived on Capitol Hill, where former president George H. W. Bush is lying in state. He’s there to pay his respects.
The White House has corrected Larry Kudlow saying the 90-day negotiation period with China starts January 1. It started December 1. If it started in January, it would have created a four-month negotiation period, which officials were against. https://t.co/Riua51It78
Roger Stone's longtime friend Michael Caputo is now using President Trump's tweet declaring that Stone has "guts!" to fundraise for him. Caputo says Stone is having difficulty paying his lawyers. In the email blasted out just now, he included this photo of the two of them. https://t.co/7QLmIR2X8B
Vice President Mike Pence is slated to speak soon during the ceremony for President George H.W. Bush. He's going to tell a story about how the late president wrote a letter to his son, Marine 1st Lt. Michael Pence, congratulating him on getting his Wings earlier this year.
RT @markknoller: Hail to the Chief is played and a 21-gun salute is fired to honor the late George H. W. Bush, as his family joins in the t…
RT @CNNPolitics: Sully, George H.W. Bush's service dog, arrives at Joint Base Andrews off the plane carrying the casket of the late Preside…
RT @DanLamothe: This is Army Sgt. Jason McClary. He died Sunday in the military hospital in Landstuhl, Germany, of injuries suffered in a N…
Army Sgt. Jason Mitchell McClary, 24, from Export, Pennsylvania, died from wounds sustained in the attack with an improvised explosive device in Afghanistan last week, which the Taliban claimed credit for. 	https://t.co/i8o6912cZp
Old Glory at half-staff today as 41 makes one last flight from Texas to Washington. https://t.co/H9ok1C5kvz
Trump says his former attorney should go to prison for the crimes he committed that weren’t related to him. Michael Cohen pleaded guilty to breaking campaign finance laws (including a slew of other charges) and lying to Congress. Both were directly related to Trump, Cohen said.
RT @CBSEveningNews: .@NorahODonnell: "Did former Pres. [George H.W.] Bush even vote for Donald Trump?"	@SusanPage: "He voted for Hillary Cl…
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Pres. George W. Bush, former Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney, former Senator Allan Simpson and presidential hist…
RT @jeffzeleny: German chancellor Angela Merkel will fly to Washington to attend memorial service of President George H.W. Bush. “With Pres…
So proud to see Jalen Hurts get his due. What a tremendous example to set for generations to come. You know it’s something when Nick Saban gets emotional. https://t.co/EVvX0G4zLj
RT @AaronSuttles: Just filed my story and I'm still trying to comprehend what we watched tonight. But I'll share with you my lede. It's ove…
RT @CBSSports: “I’m so proud of this guy for what he’s done this year, I can’t even tell you.” 		Nick Saban got emotional when speaking abo…
RT @JalenHurts: You Can’t Stop What’s Destined. THANK YOU LORD!	#AllGlory2God #NeverLoseFaith #Blessed #Wow https://t.co/RrcgdUFTQu
HEY DAWGS....
TOUCHDOWN! https://t.co/neKCoPlEV0
Just took a breath for the first time in an hour.
“About noon on many Fridays, a voice over the loudspeaker would announce abruptly: ‘The president will appear in the briefing room in 5 minutes.’ Reporters would scramble to their seats &amp; Bush would enter without ceremony.” Love this from @steveholland1 https://t.co/JRAxv3n29o
The first time Bush jumped from an airplane was when his plane was shot down in World War II over the Pacific. Later, he decided to jump from a plane of his own accord — and marked his 75th, 80th, 85th and 90th birthdays doing so.  https://t.co/wdgTLXVicw
RT @BeschlossDC: George H.W. Bush’s letter to Bill Clinton, Inaugural Day 1993: https://t.co/DDoObe0Anv
Rest In Peace 41. https://t.co/UP0C1S2gfJ
“Another source said that after the FBI raid on Cohen's office and home, people close to the President assured Cohen that Trump would take care of him. And Cohen believed that meant that the President would offer him a pardon if he stayed on message.”  https://t.co/2dIq7W8isf
RT @ABC: LATEST: No planes are landing at the Anchorage airport because the air traffic control tower has been evacuated, FAA says https://…
Asked what they discussed, Trump says, "We had no discussion. We had no discussion. We might. But we had none."
A White House official says President Trump and the Saudi crown prince “exchanged pleasantries at the leaders session."
Grijalva called on Zinke to resign in this op-ed earlier today. https://t.co/hdgWBiR8YE
A Cabinet member is calling on a congressman to resign while accusing him of having a drinking problem. https://t.co/dYm2fJ7wKm
As most world leaders debate how to handle seeing Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman of Saudi Arabia at the G20 summit in light of Jamal Khashoggi's murder, Vladimir Putin is all smiles and handshakes. https://t.co/csiOEdtoUM
Quite a statement that the press secretary issued just now. “The Russian Witch Hunt Hoax, which is hopefully now nearing an end, is doing very well. Unfortunately, it probably does undermine our relationship with Russia...” https://t.co/5kzFEKbD2Z
Despite reports from the Kremlin, a White House official tells the pool there is no scheduled pull-aside for President Trump and Vladimir Putin right now.
RT @mkraju: Lindsey Graham says he’s been told that the CIA briefing on Saudi is now going to happen. He said he expects it to happen next…
Before getting on Marine One, Trump said, "I probably will be meeting with President Putin. We haven’t terminated that meeting. I was thinking about it but we haven’t...I think it’s a very good time to have the meeting. I’m getting a full report on the plane."
https://t.co/lRzLzfvFj2
Trump cancels meeting with Putin. This is the strongest reaction we’ve gotten from the White House yet after they seized Ukrainian vessels. Trump told reporters before leaving the White House he was going to get “a final report” on Air Force One. https://t.co/onWJJLucEf
A key line from President Trump's gaggle with reporters: "There was a good chance that I wouldn't have won, in which case I would have gotten back into the business, and why should I lose lots of opportunities?"
Trump, clearly irritated but trying to project calm, downplayed discussions about Trump Tower Moscow, arguing he’s allowed to do business while running for office. If it’s not a big deal, why did Trump say he had no deals with Russia and why did Cohen lie to Congress about it?
President Trump says Michael Cohen is lying, then defends the Trump Tower Moscow project, which is what Cohen admitted he lied about.
Favor* typing too fast.
President Trump says Cohen is weak and making up stories for a lighter prison sentence. Asked why he hired him in the first place, Trump says Cohen did a favor for him a long time ago. Doesn’t elaborate on what that flavor was.
President Trump says Michael Cohen is not a threat to his presidency.
Waiting on the president to walk through those doors. His longtime lawyer just pleaded guilty to lying to Congress. He has a ten-hour flight to Argentina for the G20 summit ahead of him. https://t.co/1ImAQLvgo4
RT @SchneiderCNN: As Cohen leaves court, his attorney says he will CONTINUE to cooperate.		@evanperez reports Trump’s lawyers aren’t commen…
That would be the president. https://t.co/30nsWHwm7n
RT @jimsciutto: Breaking: Michael Cohen says discussions of Trump Tower Moscow project continued into June 2016, briefed Trump and family m…
Deleted a tweet. Correction: According to the info being read out, Cohen made a false statement regarding Trump Tower deal in Moscow that he was working on in 2015 &amp; 2016. He had discussion about the project even later. Cohen previously said the deal was stopped in January 2016.
President Trump departs the White House in less than an hour for Argentina. https://t.co/0MX000KiLf
“The moves comes just two weeks before Mr. Cohen, 52, is scheduled to be sentenced for his earlier guilty plea. That case, which also included bank and tax crimes, was brought by federal prosecutors in Manhattan.”  https://t.co/FlVOafvaHN
🚨 https://t.co/XdnYTlLo6k
RT @eorden: The sentencing submission from defense counsel in Michael Cohen’s case was due yesterday, per judge’s schedule. It wasn’t filed.
RT @costareports: advice I give to college students: read a print newspaper every day. Try to learn something about the arts, the market, i…
RT @alex_mallin: NEW: BMW has provided the following statement to ABC in response to the president's tweet, only saying that it is "conside…
RT @CNN: Hundreds showed up to a funeral of a Vietnam veteran who was thought to have no living relatives https://t.co/4venmnEdBu https://t…
hand-picked deputy attorney general*
Trump tells the New York Post he was aware his hand-picked attorney general was in that image he retweeted of several political figures behind bars. “He should have never picked a Special Counsel," Trump said when asked why he belongs behind bars. https://t.co/u0vR7Eps5I
Sen. Rand Paul tells Wolf it was a mistake not to have CIA Director Gina Haspel at the all-senators briefing today. She could have confirmed reports that the CIA assessed that MBS ordered Khashoggi's killing, he says, which the government hasn't publicly done.
RT @TheLeadCNN: President Donald Trump declined in a new interview to rule out the possibility that he could pardon Paul Manafort, his form…
New York Times in August: "Mr. Trump’s current lawyers were privately concerned that debating clemency could open him to accusations of trying to interfere with the investigation..." 		https://t.co/q3QwEWvTK7
Despite refusing to go on the record with the Washington Post yesterday about potentially pardoning Manafort, Trump does so here, telling the New York Post it’s not off the table. https://t.co/bOtPCdSSoc
RT @CNNPolitics: “We have no smoking gun that the crown prince was involved” in the murder of Jamal Khashoggi, Defense Secretary James Matt…
Sen. Graham: "Anything that you need me for to get out of town, I ain’t doing it until we hear from the CIA."	Q: Have you made that clear to the president?	Graham: "I just did."
Sen. Lindsey Graham, who was on Air Force One with POTUS Monday, says, "I am not going to be denied the ability to be briefed by the CIA, - that we have oversight of - about whether or not their assessment supports my belief that this could not have happened without MBS knowing."
RT @byrdinator: Lindsey Graham is saying he won’t vote for anything Republican leaders need his vote on (spending bills, judicial nominees)…
The White House says President Trump spoke with Turkey President Erdogan today. "The two leaders expressed deep concern about the incident in the Kerch Strait and the continued detainment of Ukraine’s vessels and crew members," the WH says.
RT @mkraju: Trump told special counsel Robert Mueller in writing that Roger Stone did not tell him about WikiLeaks, nor was he told about t…
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said there is “no direct reporting” connecting the crown prince to the murder of Jamal Khashoggi. He used to be the director of the CIA. The CIA has assessed the crown prince ordered the murder of Khashoggi.
Gina Haspel traveled to Istanbul. She listened to the audio of the Khashoggi tape. But the White House declined a clear request for her to be at the briefing alongside Mattis and Pompeo today. Why? https://t.co/zR7rOIhtDO
Pompeo, the former CIA director, is asked why the current CIA director isn’t at the senators briefing. “I was asked to be here,” he says twice, not answering the question. Senators also wanted Gina Haspel there.
“The White House informed the Statesman it could send one reporter and one photographer to observe Tim Cook and Ivanka Trump tour an elementary school...The Statesman could not ask questions of or talk to Trump and Cook. It could only observe.” https://t.co/X7isOQULAo
RT @mkraju: Mike Pompeo arrives in Capitol and faces @tedbarrettcnn, who asks if his “caterwauling” comment on Khashoggi murder was best wa…
Pompeo just arrived on the Hill. @Phil_Mattingly reports that this op-ed “further unsettled lawmakers and aides in both parties looking for answers” on Khashoggi’s assassination. One senior GOP aide told him it “landed like a lead ballon.” https://t.co/OM5cQ7T5aC
@charliespiering Congrats!
Paul Ryan says he’s requested a briefing for all of Congress on the Khashoggi murder. “With respect to holding people accountable, we need to do that,” he said
President Trump just retweeted this. Maybe he didn’t notice his own deputy attorney general, Rod Rosenstein, in the back there next to John Podesta. (Or maybe he did?) https://t.co/PewRbaeyPt
A remarkable op-ed from Secretary of State Pompeo in the WSJ. (He and Mattis will brief senators on Saudi Arabia today.) He writes, "The Trump administration’s effort to rebuild the U.S.-Saudi Arabia partnership isn’t popular in the salons of Washington.."	https://t.co/LrNMjkhsec
The Saudi crown prince has arrived in Argentina for the G20 summit. Despite Bolton saying Trump had no plans to meet with MBS while there because his schedule is "full to overflowing," Trump told the Washington Post the two had no meeting scheduled, "but I certainly would."
Ivanka Trump tells ABC that no, "lock her up" does not apply to her.  “All of my emails are stored and preserved. So there really, there’s just, there were no deletions, there was no attempt to hide, there’s no equivalency to what my father’s spoken about.”
The Department of Defense said Tuesday afternoon that there was no active shooter at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center and that reports of a shooter at the center were part of an exercise.  https://t.co/RrIyIEREqm
RT @mkraju: Sen. Chuck Schumer tells reporters at his on-cam presser that Democrats’ position is $1.6 billion for wall funding - far less t…
The Tuscaloosa News, home of my first byline. I was assigned to cover the Willie Nelson and Merle Haggard concert, and my story ended up making the front page. Had to pick up a copy in the Birmingham airport today. https://t.co/dnNl0EYHLM
Three US service members were killed Tuesday by an improvised explosive device near the city of Ghazni, Afghanistan, the military says. https://t.co/M9FNYzsEvo
Speaking about his Cabinet, President Trump says, "I could leave it the way it is right now and be very happy, or I could make changes and maybe be even happier with those positions.”
(POTUS will be at the G20 summit.)
President Trump tells reporters Vice President Mike Pence and Ivanka Trump will attend the inauguration of incoming Mexican president Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador this weekend.
RT @ShimonPro: Asked how he felt when he saw images of children and parents being tear gassed, Trump said his first thought was: "Why are t…
Shortly before President Trump landed in Tupelo, reporters on Air Force One saw the televisions turned to golf. He just landed in Gulfport after an hour-long flight, during which the special counsel said Manafort breached his plea deal by lying. The TV is still on golf, pool says
https://t.co/uVZBU7vFbR
The question now is: What did Paul Manafort lie about? The special counsel’s office says they will provide more details in a filing later, per @kpolantz.
Wow. Paul Manafort lied to the FBI and special counsel’s office “on a variety of subject matters” after pleading guilty, prosecutors say, and they would like him to be sentenced by a judge in DC, according to what @kpolantz says is in a new filing tonight.
According to the Daily Journal, the last president to visit Tupelo was FDR in 1934. 75,000 people came out to see him. Talk about crowd sizes!	https://t.co/RvNPlPao3v
Hours after General Motors announced it will slash thousands of jobs and stop production at several plants, President Trump tells the crowd in Tupelo, "We have a lot of companies moving in." Says number of companies making products here is "actually going to be increasing."
Trump calls Sen. Lindsey Graham to the stage in Tupelo. "He's become my friend," Trump says. Graham is one of the Repulicans calling for an all-senators briefing about any potential role of Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman in the murder of journalist Jamal Khashoggi.
Trump criticizes the media for being too close to the stage during his rally, causing supporters to filter off to the sides of the press risers. (White House advance staff decides where the press goes.) Woman turns around and says, "We love the media! He's just being Trump..."
Here in Tupelo, where Elvis was born, Trump says that -- other than the blonde hair -- he was often compared to the famous singer. "I take it as a great compliment."
"They can put me in prison the rest of my life. I am not going to sign a lie," Corsi told ⁦@SaraMurray⁩.  https://t.co/889RBFeBhw
RT @AP: BREAKING: GM is slashing 14,700 factory and white collar jobs in North America; may close five factories.
Papadopoulos will surrender at the federal prison camp in Oxford, Wisconsin. He will serve a 14-day sentence, then be on probation for a year. He will also pay a $9,500 fine and participate in community service. https://t.co/UkXpga2ncC
Sgt. Leandro Jasso was 25 years old. His death marks the 10th combat fatality for the U.S. military in Afghanistan in 2018. https://t.co/SgpJOgkt8V
RT @nikkihaley: An emergency Security Council meeting has been called for tomorrow at 11:00am https://t.co/FpCAD2rGPn
@HunterLJohnson Rules are rules.
US closes major San Diego port of entry as migrants rush border  https://t.co/2CEyY8epXk
One play. 53 yards. Ten seconds!!!!
RT @BryantDenny_UA: Relationship goals. https://t.co/IafjD6NSK0
😒 https://t.co/AHSR2nbDl8
RTR https://t.co/qVMxKibkZ8
I love how mad everyone is about this.
Alabama brought in choppers to dry off the field ahead of today’s 2:30 kick off. https://t.co/SyVDXKjFjb
RT @kaitlancollins: Don't talk to me today unless it's about college football.
RT @JDiamond1: Over lunch in the President's private dining room off the Oval Office, @nick_ayers earned @realDonaldTrump's trust. Now, he'…
RT @JakeSherman: Breaking — ⁦@GenMhayden⁩ had a stroke. https://t.co/cbJZ3Ov6q2
The picture on the front page of the Palm Beach Post today perfectly encapsulates the president’s phone call yesterday. https://t.co/5YB7oxArN3
RT @JakeSherman: SPOTTED: ⁦@stevenmnuchin1⁩ taking a selfie w his wife at ⁦@soulcycle⁩ Beverly Hills https://t.co/NKCMXH7IBe https://t.co/i…
“There is much to say when death encroaches. But when you only have a moment, you just say the truth.” A gripping story on the California wildfires. https://t.co/KN5MBKGdpY
They call this “Nebraska casual.” https://t.co/wesv51cKSj
RT @betsy_klein: The President is now at Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach. In addition to his call with US troops across th…
RT @meridithmcgraw: What's President Trump grateful for? "Great family and for making a tremendous difference in this country. This country…
Lt. Gen. Jeffrey Buchanan told Politico: "About half of the lanes were closed this morning but that’s it. No complete closure.” https://t.co/JHD5O7IdmS
"CBP officials received reports of groups of persons from the caravan gathering in the city of Tijuana for a possible attempt or attempts to rush illegally through the port of entry...After the CBP response at San Ysidro, no activity materialized at the border crossing."
DHS got back to me quickly. They are pointing to this: https://t.co/IKK1kGP1zJ		The San Ysidro Port of Entry is nation's busiest border crossing, so it is a big deal to close it for a few hours. But it was temporary and some lanes have reopened. https://t.co/b7vg6vyEdC
Without elaborating, President Trump claims he shut down parts of the border two days ago. "I've already shut down parts of the border.. and I just said shut it down.” Neither the White House or DHS have made any announcements about this. We’ve asked if it’s true. Will update.
Trump says he’s talked to Ivanka Trump about her emails. “Very innocent.” Calls it a much different deal than Hillary Clinton’s.
Per the reporter in the room, @betsy_klein, during his call with the military today, Trump compared one service member’s recent achievement to “going to the Wharton School of Finance.”
It’s probably true MBS hates the Saudi cover up of Khashoggi’s murder. Because it has been so bad. https://t.co/msEdDeNDfd
Trump says the Saudi crown prince hates the cover up of Khashoggi’s murder more than he does. (The CIA has assessed MBS ordered the grisly killing.) He says the world should be held accountable.
President Trump says the CIA has not “concluded” MBS ordered Khashoggi’s murder. “They have feelings certain ways.” Then he added, “Whether he did it or whether he didn’t, he denies it vehemently.”
The president called the 9th Circuit court “a big thorn in our side” during his call with members of the military on Thanksgiving.
President Trump is currently on a teleconference call with all five branches of the military. He read from scripted remarks initially but now he’s talking about the wall (“barbed wire plus”) and the “bad people” trying to cross at the border. https://t.co/DzdGzMVepd
Happy Thanksgiving from your Palm Beach correspondents! @kevincorke https://t.co/AhcbYmkR0J
Washington Post publisher and CEO Fred Ryan, who worked for Reagan, writes that "a clear and dangerous message" has been sent to tyrants: "Flash enough money in front of the president of the United States, and you can literally get away with murder." 	https://t.co/DTbiKGvFZ7
RT @karentravers: When you see Pres Trump talk to reporters at the White House you see him standing alone. 		This photo from @andyharnik sh…
“Sorry Chief Justice John Roberts...” https://t.co/fnKXijhDej
Wow. After Trump said he was going to file a complaint about the 9th Circuit Court, Chief Justice John Roberts said: “We do not have Obama judges or Trump judges, Bush judges or Clinton judges. What we have is an extraordinary group of dedicated judges..." Per @JoanBiskupic https://t.co/xK2o8GMSI8
The White House adds that Trump is playing with famed golfer Jack Nicklaus. https://t.co/qbLA4jJoxq
@andrewbary Thanks for your service!
Love this story from @DavidMuir. https://t.co/G3Yt5tIWot
President Trump arrived at the Trump International Golf Club in Palm Beach a few minutes ago.
Trump thanks the Saudis for lower oil prices as he faces increasing pressure to take tougher measures against them by some of his closest allies. On Hannity last night, Trump's favorite, Lindsey Graham said, "It's not too much to ask an ally not to butcher a guy in a consulate." https://t.co/6ArqDbKcvH
A good time to reread this from ⁦@maureendowd⁩. “The Saudis blithely assume abhorrence at their inhumane behavior...can be lubricated away with oil and money. And why shouldn’t they?Our alliance has always been poisoned by cynical bargains.”  https://t.co/SOHQQBDvzv
RT @Reuters: U.S. farmers finishing their harvests are facing a big problem - where to put the mountain of grain they cannot sell https://t…
RT @maggieNYT: For months, Trump complained that the DoJ - and Chris Wray in particular - weren't doing enough to go after Clinton https://…
RT @rabrowne75: The cost of deploying 5,900 active duty troops currently requested to support border security until December 15 is expected…
It’s important to note how deceptive the Saudis have been about Khashoggi’s murder. They changed their story multiple times, deflected blame and downplayed the atrocity. But President Trump sees them as a worthwhile ally and is betting his Middle East strategy on them.
President Trump said it’s a shame Cindy Hyde-Smith “has to go through this” because she’s a wonderful person who “feels badly” about a comment “made in jest.” The Mississippi senator is facing blowback for saying she’d sit on the front row of a public hanging for someone.
“I don’t know if he’s going to be there but if he is, I would.”
Trump: “I’m not going to tell a country....that has helped me keep oil prices down...I’m not going to destroy our economy by being foolish with Saudi Arabia.”
President Trump tells reporters he is willing to meet with the Saudi crown prince at the G20 summit next week if he’s there, according to pool. CNN hasn’t confirmed with Saudi government but an official organizing the summit said MBS is scheduled to attend.
This weekend Trump said the CIA report on the Khashoggi murder would address “who caused it, and who did it.” He hadn’t gotten the CIA’s assessment by the time he published his statement today, but officials predicted it likely wouldn’t change his mind about the crown prince.
Regardless of CIA assessment, President Trump signaled Tuesday that he will not take strong action against Saudi Arabia or its Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman for the death and dismemberment of Washington Post journalist Jamal Khashoggi.  https://t.co/hSvzPwdUxG
Key line from Trump’s statement: “Our intelligence agencies continue to assess all info, but it could very well be that the Crown Prince had knowledge of this tragic event – maybe he did and maybe he didn’t!” Senior official said he did not get CIA assessment before issuing this.
This statement reads as if it was dictated by President Trump. Lots of exclamation points and begins with, “The world is a very dangerous place!”
President Trump issues a statement saying the U.S. plans to stand by Saudi Arabia, that "maybe the crown prince knew and "maybe he didn't," and ends with "we may never know all of the facts surrounding the murder of Mr. Jamal Khashoggi." https://t.co/yE0ToaJkie
I'm told the White House hasn't received the CIA’s assessment on the Khashoggi murder yet. It's still expected to come today.
At least 40 people have been killed in a blast on Kabul wedding hall, the spokesman for the Public Health Ministry tells CNN. 60 are injured.
"It’s hypocritical and certainly it looks bad...” Marc Short said. Anthony Scaramucci later added, “I think even Ivanka, if she was interviewed about, she'd have to say it was a mistake. You can't do that in that position.”  https://t.co/GGs8B21ic5
Spokesman for Ivanka says: "She did not create a private server in her house or office, there was never classified information transmitted,  the account was never transferred or housed at Trump Organization, no emails were ever deleted..."
RT @ZekeJMiller: The White House has named the turkey pardon candidates "Peas" and "Carrots" per the WH website https://t.co/JAgMjo4mW1
The reasoning behind Ivanka Trump using a private email for government business is that she hadn't been briefed on the rules yet. Her father ran a campaign that had a large focus on Hillary Clinton using a private email for government business. https://t.co/qzChSk71zB
RT @jdawsey1: NEWS: Ivanka Trump sent hundreds of emails last year to White House aides, Cabinet officials and her assistants using a perso…
RT @JonLemire: "The fire surrounding them was hot and white. It roared like the engines in a drag race.		"He saw a human form on fire in a…
RT @dsamuelsohn: NEW Mueller brief filed in Court of Appeals, DC Circuit, addressing Whitaker appointment and what it does to a subpoena fi…
Sen. Corker tells @mkraju Congress will respond with "additional pressure" on Saudi Arabia if the Trump administration doesn't name MBS in its report on the Khashoggi murder.
RT @MZanona: As of right now, the top three Dems - Pelosi, Hoyer &amp; Clyburn - are all running for leadership unopposed. https://t.co/ZJ8d4GC…
President Trump has lunch with Vice President Mike Pence on his schedule today. John Kelly and Nick Ayers both typically attend these.
Is it a typo? https://t.co/RigJFGtfzD
Trump is criticizing Bin Laden’s mansion here.
One of the more fascinating exchanges from the president’s interview with Chris Wallace. “You’re not even going to give them credit for taking down Bin Laden?” Wallace asked. https://t.co/ZjL3aExAg8
“No Democrat embodies the tensions between tech and Washington like Mr. Schumer himself...By the end of the 2016 cycle, Mr. Schumer had raised more money from Facebook employees than any other Washington lawmaker.”  https://t.co/RNAW7qsqQj
Trump here says he hasn’t thought of “John in terms of this.” As in leaving. Notes that Kelly has weaknesses but declines to say what they are. https://t.co/Mk1ztTZ1Ef
RT @FoxNewsSunday: Trump on living in the White House "I have, I feel very comfortable.  It took me a little while.  You know, it’s sort of…
RT @JonLemire: WALLACE:  Can you envision a situation well into your second term where you think that you’re so good for the country and so…
RT @grynbaum: Fun exchange here on whether Trump sits down with Mueller: 		WALLACE:  What are the odds?  One in a hundred?  What--What?	 	T…
President Trump says there will likely be no sit down interview with Robert Mueller. “I think we’ve wasted enough time on this witch hunt, and the answer is probably, we’re finished,” he tells Fox News.
President Trump tells Chris Wallace  the U.S. has the Khashoggi tape but he hasn’t personally listened to it. Why not? “Because it’s a suffering tape. It’s a terrible tape. I’ve been fully briefed on it. There’s no reason for me to hear it.”
“Nelson lost a partner in the recount fight when Mayor Andrew Gillum, the Democratic gubernatorial candidate in Florida, conceded to Republican Ron DeSantis, a sign that Democrats in the state believe the fight is over,” ⁦@merica⁩ writes.  https://t.co/B9FxoudeSq
This is Saban’s payback for the student section, isn’t it?
RT @cjscalia: My mom receiving the #MedalOfFreedom for my father. https://t.co/k0rzFGqnEy
The White House has wanted to put this story behind them for weeks. But Gina Haspel met with POTUS upon her return from Turkey. He likely knows all of this. The question facing the White House now is do they hold MBS personally accountable?  https://t.co/X6MOHIVaaA
RT @jaketapper: Sr admin official tells me re troops sent to border: “It’s a paper tiger. A total joke. Of limited operational utility and…
Trump to meet with Florida attorney general Pam Bondi while in Palm Beach next week, per @Kevinliptakcnn. Her name has been floated for attorney general and DHS secretary.
RT @PhilipRucker: Asked why he didn't go anything to honor veterans on Veterans Day, Trump tells Chris Wallace: "I should have done that, I…
George Conway’s “shit show” quote understandably got a lot of attention, but his explanation for why he didn’t take the DOJ job is big, too. “I realized this guy is going to be at war with the Justice Department...Why would anybody want to do this?”
RT @peterbakernyt: Ruth Bader Ginsburg, who was hospitalized with broken ribs just last week, joins fellow justices at the White House for…
President Trump insists he's not bothered by the Russia investigation, telling reporters, "I’m not agitated. It’s a hoax." Yesterday he said it was a "	TOTAL WITCH HUNT LIKE NO OTHER IN AMERICAN HISTORY!"
RT @PhilipRucker: Trump: “I like to take everything personally because you do better that way."
President Trump says he has finished the answers to the special counsel’s questions but hasn’t submitted them yet. He says his lawyers didn’t write them, he did.
RT @jonkarl: I just asked John Kelly, “Do we have a change at the Department of Homeland Security?” His answer:  “No.”  And then, with a sm…
“Shit show in a dumpster fire” is how Kellyanne Conway’s husband — who was nearly solicitor general — is describing the Trump administration.  https://t.co/MXQ3bIGh75
This Ricardel statement does not say which job she’s taking in the administration. Several people in the West Wing have widely assumed she doesn’t have one lined up yet. https://t.co/zQJnum0S1n
RT @jaketapper: Broward County recounted hundreds of thousands of votes for nothing		https://t.co/JhvGv5gAB6
Asked if the White House is considering revoking the credentials of other reporters, Mercedes Schlapp doesn’t say no, only that she won’t get into internal deliberations. https://t.co/zJLUMDF3Ls
Rep. Joaquin Castro tell Wolf Democrats will seek to investigate Facebook after that devastating report published in the New York Times.
RT @MarshallCohen: Maria Butina wants the criminal case against her to be thrown out. Her legal team says if what she did is illegal, then…
The White House says Trump met with McConnell, Shelby and Thune to discuss the lame duck agenda, “including the farm bill, government appropriations — including border security — disaster relief funding, nominations, and prison reform."
The White House announces President Trump will travel to California Saturday to meet with those impacted by the deadly fires.
RT @brianstelter: Fox's Chris Wallace has booked an interview with Trump. Will air Sunday morning. Trump's first time on "Fox News Sunday"…
@corienicols He’s going to the Marine Barracks then delivering remarks later in the afternoon.
President Trump, who lashed out aides this week after he was criticized for canceling a military cemetery visit in Paris, has multiple military-related events on his schedule today. https://t.co/lYwJvBbRMq
RT @AP_Politics: Russian President Vladimir Putin says arms control issues will likely top the agenda of his planned meeting with President…
Trump himself floated McCarthy’s name for this job once upon a time. https://t.co/xTf1YrQc2P
RT @jonkarl: FYI — Robert Mueller did not work for Obama for 8 years. He ran the FBI under George W Bush for nearly 8 years. He remained FB…
RT @jaketapper: From @ForecasterEnten: “Bill Nelson needs a miracle in Florida. It likely won't come.”  https://t.co/o3oNZdX0Tk
No one in the White House has been able to say where Mira Ricardel is going. https://t.co/YtTgPdhq8h
Sarah Sanders says Ricardel will go elsewhere in the administration, but where? Surely not DOD, as long as Mattis there. State Department? We've asked. https://t.co/XqNApK7SUJ
After a whirlwind 24 hours, Mira Ricardel is out. John Bolton is still 10,000 miles away in Singapore. https://t.co/oV9TgjLRqt
Bob Dole issues a statement in support of Mira Ricardel. "Her position as Deputy National Security Advisor is an important one for our nation.  It is my hope that any underlying conflicts with the Office of the First Lady can be resolved in an appropriate manner..." https://t.co/63tkoQcgQu
President Trump doesn't answer @kwelkernbc's question if he's going to fire Mira Ricardel.
President Trump is formally announcing his support for bipartisan criminal justice legislation now. Read about the First Step Act here from @JDiamond1: 	https://t.co/qDc0OKICwT
RT @Phil_Mattingly: @JeffFlake Flake: "I have informed the Majority Leader that I will not vote to advance any of the 21 judicial nominees…
As Trump is weighing replacements for John Kelly, Nick Ayers, seen as a top contender, is in Georgia for the next few days for a previously scheduled event. This means: He didn't drop off the Pence trip in hopes of getting Kelly's job. This doesn't mean: He won't get Kelly's job.
The lead of Drudge right now.... https://t.co/E9BOcVKkRc
This is one of those times when you hear complaints about “palace intrigue,” but this kind of staffing drama — the First Lady calling for the firing of the deputy national security adviser who has privately disparaged the defense secretary — affects policy.
However, the fact that Ricardel is still at work today could show there are limits. https://t.co/Pl74ULfM6c
The Mira Ricardel episode shows how much people underestimated Melania’s lobbying power. When we reported that she couldn’t stand Joe Hagin and pushed for his ouster, her office claimed she “doesn’t get involved with West Wing staff.” She is much more involved than is assumed.
According to what Sarah Sanders told the pool, Mira Ricardel is at work today.
RT @LauraAJarrett: A senior Justice Department official said that *prior* to Sessions' firing last week, the White House requested oral adv…
DOJ says Whitaker's appointment as acting attorney general is constitutional, per @LauraAJarrett https://t.co/JMTXP5aL56
Vice President Mike Pence confronted Myanmar's leader Aung San Suu Kyi about pardoning the two Reuters journalists who were sentenced to seven years in prison while investigating the killing of 10 Rohingya Muslim villagers, per a White House official.
RT @jaketapper: .@TaskandPurpose: "More than six years after Austin Tice was taken hostage in Syria, the U.S. government is confident that…
@carolinerkenny Thanks Caroline!
Thrilled to be selected. Thank you, @Forbes! https://t.co/HM4HyTiv9z
I’m surprised it took President Trump this long to bring up how incredibly unpopular Macron is in France. https://t.co/OGD0UlmZw3
President Trump could ask Kirstjen Nielsen to resign in the coming days, multiple officials say, as reported by WaPo. He’s been frustrated by her handling of border security for months. It will be interesting to see if he has John Kelly do it, since the two are so close.
RT @Kevinliptakcnn: By the time President Trump departed Orly Airport on Sunday, 44 hours after he arrived, the reasons for his trip to Par…
Trump was dazzled by the soldiers, armored tanks and fighter jets that painted the French sky red, white and blue for Bastille Day, wanting a parade of his own. But when estimates soared, officials realized they needed a backup plan. So he went to Paris. https://t.co/fEJsDcb3Zp
RT @nwadhams: Heavy rain falling here at Suresnes https://t.co/1RLKFOlPnc
@justinsink @jcartillier @steveholland1 I am living for @steveholland1’s hat.
RT @OnThisDayNYT: 100 years ago the guns fell silent and the First World War was over.		They shall grow not old, as we that are left grow o…
President Trump did not arrive via bus with other world leaders today, leaving him out of that striking image of the leaders walking side by side down the Champs-Élysées. Sarah Sanders tells pooler @seungminkim he came separately because of security protocols.
"He could always be brought to tears when he heard taps being played, and until he died at 86, he could recall the awful sounds of bombs exploding and men dying in the forest around him." The War Stories Their Families Never Forgot: https://t.co/Yp4brgBeG6
With President Trump seated before him, French President Macron says, "Patriotism is the exact opposite of nationalism. Nationalism is a betrayal of patriotism. By saying 'our interests first'...we erase what a nation hold dearest...its moral values."
Three women have been arrested, authorities say.
In Paris, teens read letters written by soldiers the day the armistice was signed. "I only hope the soldiers who died for this cause are looking down today. The whole world owes this moment of real joy to the heroes who are not here to help enjoy it.”	https://t.co/NonqB8V8Ft
Wow — a topless protester with writing on her body just got around the barricades on the Champs-Élysées and got pretty close to the Beast before being apprehended by police.
"The very nature of warfare changed irrevocably. Empires crumbled, new nations arose and the world’s maps were redrawn in ways that reverberate mightily. With men away, women assumed roles that hastened their emancipation and changed social ways forever." https://t.co/c8RKWSYIDO
Leaders from around the world will arrive here shortly for a ceremony at the Arc de Triomphe, marking the centenary of the armistice that ended World War I. But the streets of Paris are largely empty. https://t.co/Pl05VNLHmr
Not only is John Kelly here, his wife is, too. https://t.co/athEs3N6Mh
President Trump has canceled his scheduled trip to the Aisne-Marne American Cemetery and Memorial in France today because of the bad weather. (They were scheduled to chopper and it's nasty. Kelly and Dunford will go instead.) Now he has a large block of free time this afternoon.
"The pair seemed to gloss over whatever differences they may have on European military cooperation, saying Saturday they were aligned on military burden sharing." https://t.co/4JuZZaQ7sx
A stark contrast in the interaction between President Trump and French President Macron today and the chummy way they usually act around each other — no back slapping, few smiles, and little eye contact while speaking to reporters before their one-on-one here in Paris.
Shortly before 5 a.m. here in Paris, the president continues to say he doesn’t know the man he’s tapped to run the Justice Department for the time being. https://t.co/YPiXElTbwr
Trump just landed in Paris. He and Macron have a bilateral meeting tomorrow. https://t.co/ugdKPyP1SF
It would really be something to see Sessions, who gave up a safe Senate seat to become attorney general, run for his old seat. Some in Alabama say he can't win because Trump has damaged his reputation. But per @AlexPappas, it's not out of the question. 	https://t.co/nm9q9fUx2j
Sen. Susan Collins: "I am concerned about comments that Acting Attorney General Matthew Whitaker has made... I believe that we should bring to the Senate floor legislation that would put restrictions on the ability of President Donald Trump to fire the Special Counsel." https://t.co/gmpxg40zDE
https://t.co/rlHbfaPTqb
WSJ: When Cohen pleaded guilty, prosecutors filed a document asserting that he “coordinated with one or more members of the campaign...about the fact, nature, and timing of the payments.” The unnamed campaign member or members referred to Mr. Trump.	https://t.co/1LXDuARxyU
Robert Mueller, who previously served as the FBI director, has been confirmed by the Senate multiple times. The special counsel does not require confirmation. Attorney general does. https://t.co/ernExvhEd5
What Phil said. https://t.co/Lj7GLD3BWQ
How many times has Trump said he doesn’t know Matt Whitaker now?
President Trump refers to George Conway as “Mr. Kellyanne Conway” and says he’s just trying to get publicity with his op-ed.
President Trump says he didn’t discuss the Mueller probe with Matt Whitaker.
President Trump tells reporters he hasn’t discussed the attorney general job with Chris Christie but likes him.
Trump now claims he doesn’t know Matt Whitaker. From our story earlier:  “Whitaker's standing ultimately depends on the President. But continued negative coverage will get Trump's attention.” https://t.co/aKWl0IPikd
It was not widely known among senior White House staff that Matt Whitaker had commented repeatedly on the special counsel's investigation in interviews and on TV, even though that’s what drew President Trump to him in the first place. https://t.co/aKWl0IPikd
RT @oliverdarcy: He later told CNN he had been calling Cody's cell phone.		"It just rings and rings," he said.		https://t.co/0xMnVtP5QZ
RT @JakeSherman: Jerry Nadler just told @KateBolduan Democrats might demand a special counsel protection bill be part of the year-end govt…
What a town. https://t.co/ApUHKz9j06
RT @AP: BREAKING: Father identifies his son, Cody Coffman, 22, as one of 12 people slain in the Southern California mass shooting. https://…
Not only is George Conway Kellyanne’s husband, he was almost named solicitor general way back when. https://t.co/kQdepyu3Ur
Amid speculation about who is staying and who is going in the White House now that the midterms are over, John Kelly is slated to travel with President Trump to France tomorrow.
So is Chris Christie, reported to be under consideration for attorney general. Busy day at 1600 Pennsylvania. https://t.co/uhrNlyqtnj
Spotted on the White House grounds today — Sean Spicer with Sarah Sanders and Bill Shine. Per @AlliemalCNN.
Lindsey Graham was spotted by reporters going into the Oval Office after the president returned from the investiture of Justice Kavanaugh.
As recently as a month ago, Mueller asked Trump's lawyers to produce call and visitor logs related to Roger Stone from Trump Tower in New York. The request at this late stage of the investigation came as something of a surprise to lawyers involved. https://t.co/dsmBfP4uJh
Sheriff Geoff Dean, while answering questions on the bar shooting where 12 people were killed, says he recently spoke at a synagogue after the shooting in Pittsburgh, where 11 were killed.
RT @jimsciutto: Shooter was a US Marine Corps veteran. Sheriff says had previous interaction with police, they suspected PTSD.
It’s Thursday. The White House hasn’t detailed any plans for the president to sign an executive order on asylum applications either, which he said he would do this week. He leaves for Paris tomorrow. https://t.co/IyyTolVytK
RT @meridithmcgraw: Ruth Bader Ginsburg was admitted to the hospital this morning after a fall last night at her SCOTUS office, PIO says. S…
RT @WillieGeist: This is Ventura County Sherrif’s Sgt. Ron Helus, killed as he responded to stop the mass shooting at Borderline Bar and Gr…
RT @FoxNews: .@TGowdySC on the Muller probe: "I don't think anything is going to happen to Rod [Rosenstein] until after Mueller finishes hi…
What a tweet! https://t.co/xFv27mqoH4
Jeff Sessions smiles and waves as he leaves the Justice Department. One person shaking his hand? His (former?) chief of staff Matt Whitaker.
RT @costareports: Clovis sharply dismissed the suggestion that his friendship with Whitaker and Mueller interactions raise Qs about Whitake…
Big question now: Did Trump ask Matt Whitaker if he would recuse himself from overseeing the Russia investigation before tapping him to be acting attorney general?
Adding to the “Trump doesn’t like to fire people” saga, he had John Kelly call Sessions to ask for the resignation before the press conference today, then ducked a question about his imminent departure during it. Why not just announce it then?
Jeff Sessions wanted to stay until the end of the week but John Kelly told him no. He was firm it had to be today, @LauraAJarrett and I are told by sources.
Matt Whitaker in August 2017: “The President is absolutely correct. Mueller has come up to a red line in the Russia 2016 election-meddling investigation that he is dangerously close to crossing.” https://t.co/Jk828W91ES
It’s hard to overstate how much President Trump has hurt Jeff Sessions’s reputation back in Alabama. Going back in the last year, multiple Sessions’ loyalists questioned why he recused himself, and told me they thought it was a big mistake. Trump’s messaging worked there.
First three words of Jeff Session’s resignation letter are: “At your request.” https://t.co/5Sf6DqCtLl
Jeff Sessions has resigned, per @LauraAJarrett
Trump just asked Pence to be his running mate in 2020. Not where I saw this press conference going.
He says that “if finished with the audit” he would be open to the release. Won’t do so while they are, he says. https://t.co/Ab9pQUprUq
President Trump says people wouldn’t understand his tax returns.
RT @eilperin: Trump mocks all the House Rs in swing district who "didn't want the embrace" from him.  "They did very badly. I'm not sure if…
A race that was personal for President Trump. He desperately wanted to see a defeated Sen. Tester. https://t.co/SiTOa8aZeZ
@benshapiro Come on. Obviously not all I’m basing this on. Remember this? https://t.co/2o7rQFpU4A
Last night, Sarah Sanders sounded doubtful Trump would phone Pelosi if Dems won the House. Two hours later, he did. There’s a chance that at some point over the next two years, he abandons Republicans — who have shaped their party to suit him — and makes a deal favoring Dems.
Democrats win the gubernatorial races in Michigan, Pennsylvania and now Wisconsin — the three states that sent President Trump to the White House.
DeSantis is going to be a big win for President Trump in the end. Trump can take credit for backing him despite advisers saying he couldn’t win. DeSantis imitated Trump’s campaign style. And now the president will have a good friend down in Florida going into 2020.
RT @MadisonWIClerk: With 145,510 voters, the City of Madison had 92.9% turnout today (as a percentage of pre-registered voters).
Abrams refuses to concede Georgia governor's race.  https://t.co/srUUY86e8h
CNN projects Jacky Rosen will become the next senator from Nevada — knocking off Dean Heller, who won’t be rewarded for reversing course and embracing Trump. He went from being “99.9%” against him to saying everything he touched “turns to gold.”
RT @peterbakernyt: Good night for members of Congress accused of crimes. Menendez wins re-election in New Jersey while Collins holds on in…
Did you think we were done? Because we’re just getting started. Join us on CNN! https://t.co/1P50NqCtWx
Sarah Sanders says Trump has called Mitch McConnell "to congratulate him on the historic senate gains," Paul Ryan, Nancy Pelosi, Rick Scott, Mike DeWine, Kevin Cramer, Josh Hawley, Brian Kemp, and Ron DeSantis. "Lastly, the President talked to Sen. Chuck Schumer."
Secretary Pompeo's meeting with his North Korean counterpart Kim Yong Chol -- scheduled for this week in New York -- has been canceled, per the State Department. No word on why.
Trump has now phoned Pelosi, per her office, despite Sanders implying he wouldn't. https://t.co/Gh084wMLLR
First tweet since 3 p.m.! https://t.co/nRiligCyI4
The White House has called a lid, meaning we likely won’t see the president tonight. He also has nothing on his public schedule tomorrow, according to the schedule just released.
RT @merica: CNN projects Republicans will maintain control of the Senate, as we project incumbent Ted Cruz beats Beto O’Rourke in the U.S.…
President Trump backed Kris Kobach against the advice of several Republican advisers. He said he was trusting his instincts on this. Those same allies groaned about the endorsement in recent days, fearing a significant loss.
RT @betsy_klein: Sen. Mitt Romney https://t.co/YLowXIg5bs
Republican Mike Braun will defeat Democratic Sen. Joe Donnelly in Indiana, CNN projects, giving Republicans a major pick-up to bolster their Senate majority in a state President Trump won handily two years earlier. Via @ericbradner https://t.co/lULimNfpTt
RT @Phil_Mattingly: CNN projects Republican Mike Braun wins the U.S. Senate race in Indiana, knocking off incumbent red state Democrat Joe…
Speaking with reporters on the North Lawn, Sarah Sanders is asked if President Trump will call Nancy Pelosi tonight if Democrats win the House. She said she's not sure why he would, since members of her own party said they wouldn’t support her.
@TPCarney And. Also. In addition to. Typed fast.
CNN projects Marsha Blackburn will win Tennessee, becoming the first female senator from the state but keeping the seat in Republican hands.
RT @mkraju: Nelson v. Scott and Gillum v. DeSantis are extremely close at the moment
Corey Lewandowski, Dave Bossie,  Sheldon Adelson and Steve Schwarzman all invited to watch election results with the president tonight, @JDiamond1 and I are told.
“There is no evidence of widespread voter fraud in the United States. Trump formed a commission to study the issue shortly after he took office that was disbanded without finding evidence of fraud after states refused to turn over voter data.” https://t.co/XKad2gQyh5
An in-depth, hour-by-hour look at what to watch and where tonight from @ericbradner and @merica https://t.co/1efNDdigYq
With so much of the focus today on which party is up and which is down, I implore you to read this statement from Jennie Taylor, the wife of Brent Taylor, the Utah mayor killed in Afghanistan while on his fourth deployment. His words on how important the right to vote truly is: https://t.co/hRRt8H1hfN
President Trump, after a three-state rally spree, returned to the White House around 3 a.m. Sarah Sanders says he will spend the day "making phone calls, monitoring Congressional, Senate and Gubernatorial races across the country and meeting with his political team."
RT @meridithmcgraw: The crowd sang Amazing Grace as an elderly female Trump supporter was carried off on a stretcher out of the MAGA rally.…
From the print pool: The White House communications director was seen high-fiving Fox News host Sean Hannity, who interviewed the president before he took the stage in Missouri. https://t.co/UvxG1xOwD0
After five months of silence from the podium in the Pentagon briefing room, Defense Secretary Mattis has selected a two-star Marine Corps general to act as a uniformed spokesman for the Defense Department.  https://t.co/qibPtadBQ4
Asked about Democrats going after his taxes if they win back the House, Trump said, "I don’t care. They can do whatever they want, and I can do whatever I want."
Despite a busy campaign schedule the last two weeks, with up to two or three rallies a day, President Trump has nothing on his schedule tomorrow, I'm told. His plan is to sit back, watch the results come in and see if his campaigning blitz worked.
Trump didn't like the closing ad his campaign unveiled last week featuring upbeat themes about the economy, insisting his closing argument be a hardline immigration message. "He hated it," one Republican official told @jeffzeleny https://t.co/uuItDUDEKL
"I've kept more promises than I made," Trump says.
RT @jdawsey1: "Republicans will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions," Trump says. He does not mention that his administrat…
"You're not allowed to use the word beautiful anymore," Trump says as he brings up Ivanka Trump in Cleveland, arguing that the term isn't politically correct. "I will never call a woman beautiful again!"
During cheers and chants of "build the wall" in Ohio just now, Trump remarked that barbed wire is "pretty effective, too." https://t.co/X9TarAvysh
https://t.co/nJksY246ba
In Cleveland, Trump says the midterm elections used to be boring. "Who even knew about midterms?"
Trump has been told by White House officials to brace for Republican losses in the House tomorrow. But he's resisted calls from advisers inside and outside the admin to focus on the economy in his closing argument, saying he believes immigration is what's energized folks.
Trump seemed irked by questions about the immigration ad. He said he didn't know about it being pulled. Then later: "A lot of things are offensive, your questions are offensive a lot of times."
RT @oliverdarcy: NBC and Fox News have now both pulled the Trump campaign's racist anti-immigrant ad. People familiar with the matter tell…
"Even though I'm not on a ballot, in a certain way I am on the ballot," Trump says during call.
Trump's closing message, via @PhilipRucker https://t.co/zAjxK54MzL https://t.co/09DjOOIzl2
Secretary of State Pompeo has announced that China, India, Italy, Greece, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and Turkey are getting waivers for the sanctions. https://t.co/jmoKhgOz0I
The U.S. sanctions against Iran go into effect today. President Rouhani is vowing to defy them. Yesterday President Trump called them “the strongest sanctions that our country has ever issued.” https://t.co/jcmlu4L6l4
RT @joshrogin: Khashoggi sons issue emotional appeal for the return of their father's body https://t.co/6k10KUDEKz by @NicRobertsonCNN
The pastor from the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston flew to Pittsburgh to meet the rabbi from Tree of Life. “The two men had never met, but for a week they have been bound by the unspeakable grief of two unconscionable decisions.”  https://t.co/bPP21udxYW
Brent Taylor was months from finishing his tour. He is survived by seven children and his wife.   https://t.co/zvUdpWvd9w
From this @jwpetersNYT⁩ piece: “The elder Bush visited 20 states between Oct. 1 and Election Day; the younger Bush went to 29 states over the same period in his first term. As of Monday, Trump had visited 19 states since Labor Day, two months ago.” https://t.co/ZnzH8JALKv
RT @DanCrenshawTX: Good rule in life: I try hard not to offend; I try harder not to be offended. That being said,  I hope @nbcsnl recognize…
Rush Limbaugh and Sean Hannity will appear with President Trump at his rally in Missouri, the campaign announces. https://t.co/zgAYGNjUXn
Secretary Pompeo says none of his discussions about the caravan have been about its political impact. @johndickerson then asks why Trump remarked at the rally, “Did they energize the base or what?” https://t.co/25WppbFKQ8
She said this in response to @jaketapper’s question about whether it is explicitly the Democrats’ fault. https://t.co/p8S6fPQAo2
After Trump tweeted an ad blaming Democrats for letting the illegal immigrant who killed multiple officers in US (despite how he was deported by Clinton and re-entered under Bush) Ronna McDaniel says “it’s a systemic failure.” Which is the point the ad’s critics have been making.
RT @jaketapper: Asked about her support for an assault* weapon ban which would have allowed the confiscation of those weapons, @staceyabram…
After Brian Kemp announced they were opening an investigation into the Georgia Democratic Party for what it called a “failed attempt to hack the state’s voter registration system,” Stacey Abrams told @jaketapper he is “desperate to turn the conversation away from his failures.” https://t.co/moD3eM4XeO
Too. Good. https://t.co/45uOP3Hfft
We aren’t the only ones who can’t kick!
@jmartNYT @jdawsey1 ....
@marctorrence They would have burned it to the ground.
@AlexS_ESPN Carville got to them.
Starting to feel like this isn’t a game I should have watched in public.
I need two different Twitter accounts. One where people can yell at me about Trump, and one where people can yell at me about college football.
@AaronSuttles Need.
When the Trump administration first asked the Pentagon to send troops to the southern border, they wanted them to perform emergency law enforcement functions, CNN has learned. The Pentagon said no. From @rabrowne75 and @NicoleCNN https://t.co/CvyHoraf7w
A DHS spokesman sends this from yesterday, which says, "Over 270 individuals along the caravan route have criminal histories, including known gang membership." https://t.co/EJFsieAELB
President Trump is here in West Virginia campaigning for Senate candidate Patrick Morrisey. A great update here from @jake_zuckerman on where things stand after last night's debate between Morrisey and Sen. Joe Manchin. 	https://t.co/TWG2ZJ4KgJ
Trump now claims, without evidence, that the caravan includes people who convicted of armed robbery and sexual assault. He references a man "interviewed yesterday" seeking a pardon bc he was "essentially" wanted for murder. Is he referencing the guy from the ad he tweeted?
On stage in West Virginia, Trump says he's always told "speak about the economy, speak about the economy." "Sometimes it’s not as exciting to talk about the economy because we have a lot of other things to talk about," Trump says.
He called me “a hag” when I noted once that he had multiple nannies. https://t.co/c7s3MxsvFO
Just listened to this part. Trump added, “If the media would write correctly, you’d have a lot less violence in the country.” https://t.co/KZbUGRzVr4
Yesterday he said, "When they throw rocks like they did at the Mexico military and police, I say, consider it a rifle."
Trump says people will not be shot on the border.  “No no no no." Says they’ll arrest people instead. Per pool.
Trump just spoke to reporters on the South Lawn. According to the print pool, he was asked about creating violence with his rhetoric. "You’re creating violence by your question," pointing to a reporter. "The fake news is creating violence."
Trump yesterday: "Anybody throwing stones, like they did to Mexico and the Mexican military, Mexican police, where they badly hurt police and soldiers of Mexico, we will consider that a firearm. Because there's not much difference, where you get hit in the face with a rock..." https://t.co/Jx5AeAPpFn
A strong jobs report that is most Republicans’ preferred closing argument to voters. Yet the president’s final pitch is focused on immigration, and a caravan of migrants weeks away from arriving. https://t.co/DDrStuJdfS
RT @AaronBlake: Only once since WWII has a prez had this low an unemployment rate heading into a midterm.		It was LBJ in 1966.
Last numbers before the midterms — The economy added 250,000 jobs in October, and the unemployment rate held at 3.7 percent. Wages grew 3.1 percent.
RT @jaketapper: Well done 👏 https://t.co/Soow5nMQXc
Whoops. It’s John! https://t.co/ic3nwUL2WA
RT @swin24: The wall to wall Oprah coverage on certain channels today for merely lifting a finger politically shows you what we’d be in sto…
The White House said the “immigration crisis” warranted a presidential address. But Trump didn’t disclose any new information or propose any specific changes. (He said they’re finalizing asylum changes.) Other than that he repeated what he says every night at rallies. https://t.co/fcdRhtRL1k
RT @rabrowne75: The number of active duty troops identified to support President Trump’s border security mission has grown to “over 8,000”…
President Trump is essentially repeating his past remarks on immigration — caravans, bad laws, etc. — just in a toned down manner. I haven’t heard anything new yet. (We were told it would be new asylum proposals.)
RT @John_Hudson: SCOOP: Saudi Crown Prince MBS privately disparaged Khashoggi as a dangerous Islamist in a phone call with Jared Kushner an…
Nauert has been keeping a low profile this week after meeting with Trump on Monday. Two of her daily briefings have been conducted by her deputy. https://t.co/CKMJOUDV4h
RT @CNNnewsroom: .@kaitlancollins: "President Trump is telling people that Heather Nauert, the current State Department Spokesman, is his t…
RT @ChuckRossDC: A newsy op-ed by Roger Stone at @dailycaller. Stone reveals that Steve Bannon, who recently met with Mueller, emailed him…
Oprah, while talking about when women couldn’t vote or own land, says, “I love land so much...”
@AimeeSutton0922 Sorry! I’m Southern.
Nauert as UN ambassador raises some questions for the White House, like who would replace Sarah Sanders. She has widely been seen as a front runner to take over for her when she leaves.  https://t.co/CKMJOUDV4h
Trump has told advisers that Heather Nauert, the State Department spokeswoman, is his leading choice to become US ambassador to the United Nations and he could offer the post as soon as this week. W ⁦@eliselabottcnn⁩ and ⁦@Kevinliptakcnn⁩  https://t.co/CKMJOUDV4h
This isn’t on the public White House schedule, but POTUS has wanted to give an immigration speech for the last two weeks. It was postponed because of the package bombs and Pittsburgh shooting. Now looks like he’s moving forward with it today. https://t.co/wR3Oxwk3fN
Some news — Trump is expected to give remarks on immigration this afternoon before departing for a rally in Missouri, CNN has learned. We expect it to be asylum focused.
Reminder that the White House has said these tweets are considered official statements. https://t.co/ltDPPO0paT
President Trump tells CBN this about the wall: “We are building a wall in its own way. We’re putting up walls of barbed wire...”
RT @ZekeJMiller: AP tally: Based on reports from 47 states, as of yesterday at least 24.7 million have already voted ahead of November’s Ge…
RT @CollegeGameDay: Hey Coach Saban, how's it feel to turn 67? 🎉 https://t.co/iGG5LcHTPi
Asked if he's going to "blame Paul Ryan if the Republicans lose the House," Trump answered, "No, I'm not going to blame anybody...I think we're going to do well in the House. I think we're doing really extraordinarily well in the Senate."
What started the speculation: https://t.co/k0xNpiP37q
President Trump tells reporters he hasn't been subpoenaed by the special counsel.
Trump said DACA defied federal law during the campaign. https://t.co/9raf1DfycX
President Trump tells reporters that if President Obama could do DACA through an executive order, he can undo birthright citizenship through one. “Certainly if he can do DACA, we can do this.” (Trump railed against Obama for doing DACA through EO.)
Joe Donnelly says he has minority staffers, "but" they've done well.	https://t.co/QfcZytFoiR
“Indeed, Rehnquist is said to have been one of those who privately suggested O'Connor to President Reagan as a potential Supreme Court nominee in 1981.” https://t.co/FcwUaDtQKr
The headline on the front page of today’s New York Times was “Trump’s Visit Divides City Mourning Victims of Hate.” (Trump gets the Times every day.) https://t.co/H14r6I9QQl
The front page of the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette the morning after the president’s visit. https://t.co/8REt1cggH6
While at the hospital, President Trump met with the officer who was shot seven times. (He’s still in ICU, the White House says.) Then he visited with the widow of Dr. Richard Gottfried, who wanted to tell the president that people wanted him in Pittsburgh.
Sarah Sanders quoted President Trump as describing the day in Pittsburgh as “very sad, very moving.”
Dr. Donald Yealy of the Pittsburgh Medical Center tells reporters that while President Trump was at the hospital today he spoke with a family member of one of the victims who died in the shooting.
Just left. He’s on the way to the airport now, then Washington bound.
After 80 minutes, Trump is still at the hospital.
RT @rabrowne75: SecDef Mattis: "I think eventually Assad will have to be managed out of power. I don’t think any election run under the aus…
They are now at the nearby hospital visiting with the doctors who treated the victims Saturday, including the police officers who were shot.
@miguelmarquez reports that the protesters are singing.
We can hear protesters outside the Tree of Life synagogue. The president is inside, but several of his staffers are standing outside in the street near us, including Chief of Staff John Kelly.
Secretary Mnuchin and Israeli ambassador Ron Dermer are outside the synagogue, where many members of the community have come to pay their respects today. https://t.co/xLGHHQj3OK
President Trump, Melania, Ivanka and Jared are inside the entrance of the Tree of Life synagogue right now. (They can’t go all the way in because it’s still a crime scene.) They’ll light a candle for the 11 murdered before placing white roses by stars bearing their names outside.
President Trump and First Lady Melania exited the White House and headed straight for Marine One without taking questions. The next stop is Pittsburgh, where many in the community see the visit as ill-timed, while aides insist he’d be criticized if he delayed the visit.
RT @elwasson: BIG from PAUL RYAN: "You cannot end birthright citizenship 	with an executive order."  says on WVLK radio
A somber scene outside the Tree of Life synagogue in Squirrel Hill this morning. Funerals for the 11 people killed — fathers, brothers, mothers and loved ones — begin today. Truly heartbreaking. https://t.co/U46EbZHZuI
RT @jaketapper: Air Force paid $1,280 apiece for coffee cups. Lawmaker wants to know why.		https://t.co/4VGLLHAVgg
RT @NBCNews: Leader of Islamic Center of Pittsburgh announces Muslim community has raised more than $70,000 for synagogue attack victims an…
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, House Speaker Paul Ryan, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi were all invited to join the President but declined. No comment from the White House yet.  https://t.co/Vk3mXf3kpS
RT @ElizLanders: Into @CNN tonight: 4 rounds of gunfire crashed through the glass storefront of a FL Republican party office in Volusia Cou…
Can you tell the midterms are next week? Between now and next Monday, Trump will hold rallies in Florida, Missouri, West Virginia, Indianapolis, Montana, Florida, Georgia, Tennessee, Ohio, Indiana and Missouri.
Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump will travel with the president to Pittsburgh tomorrow, per person familiar.
https://t.co/V7061S6FrS
RT @jeffmason1: .@PressSec says she cannot confirm or deny whether @CIA director heard a tape of the killing of Saudi journalist #Kashoggi
"The president is not placing blame," Sarah Sanders tells reporters today. https://t.co/8Eo7vI7KVd
Sarah Sanders gets choked up while discussing the synagogue massacre. Announces the president and first lady will travel to Pittsburgh tomorrow.
Iranian officials say President Hassan Rouhani’s mobile phone was tapped. https://t.co/AXVVT9v6po
Sarah Sanders will brief reporters today at 2 p.m.
"It ended when the gunman, identified by police as Robert Bowers, wounded and crawling on his knees, surrendered to police officers. He had 'wanted all Jews to die,' he told a SWAT officer then because Jews 'were committing genocide against his people.'"	https://t.co/ovFLjachat
As @johndickerson pointed out this morning, the president does not appear in the campaign’s new ad ahead of the midterm elections next week, which targets suburban women. https://t.co/bL9ApzEtDA
RT @John_Hudson: Angela Merkel to step down as German chancellor in 2021. “I will not be seeking any political post after my term ends” htt…
"I'll tell you, as one of the lead Trump people and the campaign manager of the army of Trump, that I would never want any single person to do anything violent against anyone. I don't think that's how you change the minds.” https://t.co/hnmEDfhXEQ
Brad Parscale says the email sent by Trump campaign claiming the media needed “a wake up call” wasn’t about violence. Asked by @DanaBashCNN about those who can’t distinguish the difference, he said it’s “unfortunate.” “There's not much you can do about those kind of people.”
RT @jaketapper: Indonesian plane with 189 aboard crashes minutes after takeoff		https://t.co/dvHDmnAWb2
RT @MikeDelMoro: The 11 Tree of Life shooting victims:		Joyce Feinberg, 75	Richard Godfried, 65	Rose Mallinger, 97	Jerry Rabinowitz, 66	Cec…
“At first I was thinking, I’ll cancel,” Trump said. “And then I said, you know we can’t let evil change our life and change our schedule. We can’t do that.”  https://t.co/AY4a6mgjLQ
RT @meridithmcgraw: President Trump: "This wicked act of mass murder is pure evil, hard to believe, and frankly something that is unimagina…
RT @colincampbell: Prayer in Pittsburgh. 		(Photo: Jeff Swensen/Getty Images) https://t.co/pKA4MfueVG
RT @Jordanfabian: My synagogue has armed police officers manning the doors on the High Holy Days. Many others do too. My Jewish day school…
RT @ZekeJMiller: PITTSBURGH (AP) — Pennsylvania attorney general says 'shooter claimed innocent lives' at a baby naming ceremony.
President Trump says he believes the death penalty should be strengthened in the wake of the Pittsburgh shooting. “It’s a terrible, terrible thing what’s going on with hate,” Trump said. “Something has to be done...The world is a violent world.”
RT @JDiamond1: There is an active shooter at a synagogue in Pittsburgh. Already multiple casualties, per Pittsburgh police. Praying for tho…
Thank you @wolfblitzer for saying what so many of us feel.
"CNN isn't just made of people that you see on camera. It’s made up of hard working, dedicated, caring people. People just like you. Those were the people put at risk….People whose names and faces you’ll never see. People who work in mailrooms and work so hard to keep us safe." https://t.co/54eHASNpEw
Trump says he would call if they wanted him to but he thinks they’ll “pass.” https://t.co/ldH66Vq5au
“I heard he was a person who preferred me,” Trump says of the package bomb suspect, bringing up the congressional baseball shooting when the House Majority Whip Steve Scalise was shot.
RT @MarshallCohen: The complaint says Sayoc's packages were full of misspellings. 	Florida --&gt; "Florids"	Hillary --&gt; "Hilary"	Barack --&gt; "B…
FBI Director Chris Wray says he received "a congratulatory call" from President Trump shortly before this press conference.
RT @eorden: FBI Director Chris Wray:		"These are not hoax devices."
RT @kristindonnelly: Cesar Sayoc threatened to blow up a Florida utility company and said it would be "worse than September 11th," accordin…
President Trump has no intention of calling those targeted by the pipe bombs, a senior official tells me.
President Trump says mail bombs coverage overshadowed his proposal to lower drug prices. "It didn’t get kind of coverage it should have" bc "we're competing with this story that took place, our law enforcement’s done such a good job, so maybe that can start to disappear rapidly."
President Trump said he was just briefed by the Justice Department (we saw Sessions arrive earlier) and referenced the “person or persons” responsible for this. He promised to prosecute whoever is responsible for this, saying him, her, they or them.
President Trump praises law enforcement and federal agencies for their swift action. “We must never allow political violence to take root in America.”
Had President Trump been briefed on the impending arrest when he tweeted this two hours ago? https://t.co/eeVQycaMBp
@yashar So good!
What we know about the man arrested in connection with suspicious packages.  https://t.co/gZxpEi8Zdb
We are about to hear from President Trump any minute now when he makes remarks at the 2018 Young Black Leadership Summit. He was briefed on the package bombs arrest by John Kelly. We’ll see if he addresses it in the East Room.
RT @jaketapper: .@evanperez reports: According to a law enforcement source, the man arrested is in his 50s, with Aventura FL address, and h…
RT @eorden: CNN video of what appears to be the suspect’s van in Florida shows authorities from the FBI, NYPD and U.S. Postal Inspector Pol…
Federal authorities have arrested a man in Florida in connection to the suspected explosive packages — @evanperez reporting on CNN right now.
Meanwhile, AG Sessions says the FBI, ATF, Secret Service, USPS and others law enforcement are working “tirelessly to follow every lead.” “I can tell you this: we will find the person, persons responsible, and we’re gonna bring them to justice,” Sessions added. https://t.co/eeVQycaMBp
Trump often uses funky punctuation by why is the word bomb in quotes here? https://t.co/eeVQycaMBp
No words from the president on the new explosive devices found this morning. The press secretary says he’s being updated on the developments. https://t.co/v3yBbUSHbZ
RT @FBI: The #FBI has confirmed an 11th package has been recovered in Florida, similar in appearance to the others, addressed to Sen. Cory…
@Olivia_Beavers I love Craigslist.
RT @jaketapper: .@SteveScalise on suspected bombs: “This isn’t what America’s all about. I’m disturbed by the fact that it’s happening over…
RT @marycjordan: If Dems take control of the House and subpoena Trump's tax returns, Gingrich told @ktumulty that the legal fight would go…
RT @jdawsey1: "The President received a briefing from Director Haspel this morning following her return from turkey. She briefed the Presid…
RT @maggieNYT: When Trump finally started using a govt cell phone late last year, after using his unsecured phone as POTUS, he would compla…
@KevinPDonohue @GQMagazine Great minds...
Trump got annoyed when John Kelly started screening his calls via the White House switchboard. Those who talk to the president on his cell phone the most say he calls either early in the morning or late at night, when he’s tucked away in the residence.  https://t.co/BTLW1w4Du4
The WaPo story: https://t.co/R5pbkxpyIK
Quite a change from when the Saudis claimed he left the consulate that day. https://t.co/24hmN1R0WC
“I only use Government Phones” is not something people the president regularly calls from his personal phone would agree with. https://t.co/E20nRrrY8K
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Authorities are examining a suspicious package that was addressed to Robert DeNiro sent to the building where his Tribe…
@betsy_klein “Any sausage or cheese in your bags?” is the best question I’ve ever been asked by TSA.
CIA Director Gina Haspel, who the Washington Post says listened to audio of Jamal Khashoggi’s interrogation and murder while in Turkey, will brief Trump today. https://t.co/Ti8xnGULHl
The president didn't mention Hillary Clinton during his rally tonight for the first time in a long time.
Trump notes his muted tone in Wisconsin, adding, “I’m trying to be nice.”
Trump: “Those engaged in the political arena must stop treating political opponents as being morally defective.”
“Did you see how nice I’m behaving?” Trump asks the Wisconsin crowd.
President Trump begins his Wisconsin rally by addressing the attacks today. “Any acts or threats of political violence are an attack on our democracy itself,” he said, adding, “No one should compare political opponents to historic villains.”
@drainosig @realDonaldTrump @gunsnroses He used to hand pick the playlist back during his campaign days. Not sure if he still does.
@ChrisBuryNews Yep. Also spoke. Also condemned attacks.
When Scott Walker took the stage here in Wisconsin, he also condemned today's attacks, telling the crowd, "An attempt to engage in a terrorist attack against any American is an attack against every American." Both he and Paul Ryan have denounced the attacks.
Paul Ryan is speaking right now ahead of Trump's rally in Wisconsin. "Let me say something that I feel needs to be said...Did you see the news this morning? About these devices? That is an act of terrorism. There's no place for that in a democracy." Thanks God for law enforcement
Aides used to joke about the president's multiple phones, calling them "Trump 1" and "Trump 2." NYT now reporting that American intelligence reports indicate that Chinese spies are often listening in on his calls. https://t.co/FdXpibcbdr
Waiting on the president in Wisconsin, in a hangar full of his supporters. https://t.co/I2ErYPyO6J
RT @PoppyHarlowCNN: Thank you to ALL the amazing members of the @CNN team who helped us bring you the breaking news today.  Especially you…
Trump’s 2020 campaign manager apologizes for email sent out earlier today in Lara Trump’s name that criticized CNN and said the media needed “a wake up call.” Brad Parscale says it was “a pre-programmed, automated message” and they don’t condone violence against CNN or anyone. https://t.co/cKCBR5oioO
“The full weight of our government is being deployed to conduct this investigation and bring those responsible to justice,” Trump says, adding that acts like this have “no place in America.”
At opioids event, Melania Trump opens with, “We cannot tolerate these cowardly attacks.”
RT @jaketapper: National Counterterrorism Center spokesperson Maura Beard tells CNN that officials there have not yet reached a conclusion…
RT @Phil_Mattingly: The package sent to the building that CNN is located in was delivered by courier, law enforcement sources tell CNN’s @S…
Sanders says Trump will address packages any minute now: “The President will make remarks regarding these despicable acts at the top of his 2PM event in the East Room...” https://t.co/aFGQt8xuL8
RT @Phil_Mattingly: NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio: "What we saw here today was an effort to terrorize. This clearly was an act of terror."
Pence: "I want to assure you we deployed the full resources of the FBI, the US Secret Service and they're working very closely with law enforcement officials. We'll continue to monitor these investigations and those responsible will be brought to justice."
President Trump and DHS Secretary Nielsen have both been briefed on the suspicious packages and are being updated.
The package with an explosive device sent to CNN’s NY offices was addressed to former CIA Director John Brennan, CNN has learned. Brennan doesn't work for CNN. He's a contributor for MSNBC.
RT @VP: We condemn the attempted attacks against fmr Pres Obama, the Clintons, @CNN &amp; others. These cowardly actions are despicable &amp; have…
Deleting tweets that say a package was also addressed to the White House -- Secret Service says they have only intercepted ones addressed to Obama and Clinton. https://t.co/VsDrJE1gTH
RT @SecretService: CLARIFICATION: At this time the Secret Service has intercepted TWO suspicious packages - one in NY and one in D.C. Repor…
UPDATE: A Secret Service spokesperson says only two packages intercepted by Secret Service – one addressed to Clinton and one addressed to Obama. CNN was initially told there was a package addressed to White House that was being examined at offsite processing facility.
RT @jaketapper: .@ShimonPro reports -	 	NYPD is responding to a suspicious device discovered in Time Warner Center, where CNN is based, in…
RT @oliverdarcy: We are being evacuated right now at time warner center in NYC. Striking scene as alarm went off as @jimsciutto and @PoppyH…
Sarah Sanders: “We condemn the attempted violent attacks recently made against President Obama, President Clinton, Secretary Clinton, and other public figures...” https://t.co/u3eHsVV1Oy
President Trump will be briefed by CIA Director Gina Haspel on her Turkey trip and the probe into Khashoggi’s death tomorrow, Sarah Sanders tells me.
After declaring it a national emergency last year, President Trump will sign a bill to address the opioid epidemic today. https://t.co/3cpqrJjlkQ
RT @TheView: "I'm happy to be alive today. Go donate to brain cancer research so no one has to go through glioblastoma like my family did."…
The president has been very chatty lately. Another interview, this time with the Journal. “Trump said it was ‘too early to tell, but maybe’ if he regrets nominating Mr. Powell.”	 https://t.co/daGLbuqzsV
RT @HotlineJosh: Not the story you want dropping two weeks before Election Day... #FLGOV	https://t.co/Br4EGUHFpf
Another DHS spokesperson tells CNN this tweet is referring to the caravan specifically. https://t.co/OD3VbJlQjk
RT @jeffmason1: .⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ hosts military leaders at the White House. https://t.co/koLWdan0WJ
Not the first Republican to say this. Lindsey Graham said similar.  https://t.co/STsrP9BhW1
From Trump’s September interview with the Caller: “And I could give you 100 pictures of him and Comey hugging and kissing each other. You know, he’s Comey’s best friend.” https://t.co/36ZwWYmNwr
I think I’m hallucinating. @jimsciutto just reported that the FBI was unable to find photos of James Comey and Robert Mueller hugging and kissing, as the president claimed.
“There’s no proof of anything,” Trump says when asked about his claim Middle Easterners are in the caravan, after having his press secretary, vice president and other senior officials defend the claim for the last 24 hours.
RT @jeffmason1: .⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ says the cover up of the Saudi journalist’s death was the worst cover up ever https://t.co/NDMTydkgfB
The White House is really struggling to defend this claim. During a call, a senior administration official said, “I'm going to have refer to the Mexican authorities on the actual current construct of the caravan given the sensitivities of working with them...”
"Farmers, many of whom backed Donald Trump in 2016, believed – and still do – that he has a plan on trade. But their livelihood is on the line and time is running out." A fascinating piece that's worth your time from @merica https://t.co/TYz8Y1e1uD
- Trump: "Middle Easterners" in caravan	- Sanders: Claims there's evidence but doesn't present any, links to terror	- Pence: No way someone of Middle Eastern decent isn't in group	- Counterterrorism official: No evidence ISIS/terrorist groups are trying to cross southern border
The White House has still provided no basis for Trump's claim that Middle Easterners are in the caravan. Asked about it today, VP Pence said it's "inconceivable that there are not people of Middle Eastern descent in a crowd of more than 7,000 people advancing toward our border." https://t.co/7WaWmgjFJ6
RT @joshscampbell: President Trump is reportedly growing increasingly frustrated with the blanket news coverage of the #Khashoggi murder &amp;…
President Trump is increasingly irritated by the fallout from Khashoggi's death, complaining about negative TV coverage and telling confidantes he feels betrayed by the Saudis. But aides have told him it isn't resonating w base, to focus on the caravan.	https://t.co/LWtSeTCcTp
Vice President Pence addresses Jamal Khashoggi during an interview with @costareports. He says CIA director Gina Haspel is in Turkey now reviewing evidence, adding that the admin will "demand those responsible are held accountable." Haspel will brief Trump and Pence upon return.
RT @fpleitgenCNN: Russians won’t be happy about this: US National Security Advisor John Bolton and Ambassador John Huntsman lay a wreath at…
Sarah Sanders tell reporters Trump "absolutely" has credible evidence there are middle Easterners in the migrant caravan. "We have 10 individuals suspected or known terrorists that try to enter our country everyday." (Trump didn't say terrorists, he said Middle Easterners.)
Mnuchin's spokesman says he discussed Jamal Khashoggi with MBS during their sit down. https://t.co/DRwqVapqI5
Sanders says President Trump spoke with MBS yesterday. (He said today they spoke but didn’t say when.)
@lrozen Thank you!
Two years ago. https://t.co/aVYqv3KeiF
A senior counterterrorism official tells @SchneiderCNN they "do not see any evidence that ISIS or other Sunni terrorist groups are trying to infiltrate the southern U.S. border.” Trump a few minutes ago: "Take your camera. Go into the middle and search."
RT @jbillinson: .@kaitlancollins: "Do you regret implying that Ted Cruz's dad killed JFK?"		Trump, on his way to Houston to rally with Ted…
President Trump said "until people come to their senses," the U.S. will build nuclear arsenal up. Is that a threat to Putin? "It’s a threat to whoever you want. And it includes China, and it includes Russia and who whoever wants to play that game."
Trump says he'll introduce a resolution for another round of tax cuts. He said this is not for businesses, but for the middle class. Vote will be after the midterm elections.
President Trump says he's not satisfied with what the Saudis have said about Jamal Khashoggi's murder. He suggests one month is much too long for an investigation into his death. "That’s a long time. There’s no reason."
Trump also said his new nickname for Cruz is “Texas Ted.”
President Trump tells me he doesn’t regret implying Ted Cruz’s dad killed JFK. “I don’t regret anything.”
The White House hasn't responded to a request for comment on what the president is basing his claim that "unknown Middle Easterners" are in the caravan on. https://t.co/0B7U9PGTGr
How can the Saudis continue to argue Jamal Khashoggi’s murder wasn’t premeditated when they literally brought a body double to Turkey? https://t.co/dDCbPK7dag
RT @rabrowne75: The US sailed 2 warships through the Taiwan Strait today, a show of force that is bound to irritate Beijing &amp; comes amid he…
RT @maggieNYT: Trump is "a black swan. He's been a black swan all of his life," Kushner says, when Jones asks for a midterms prediction. Th…
“I don’t respond to the critics,” Jared Kushner tells Van Jones. He used to have one of the most — shall we say “spirited” — spokespeople, as anyone who covers the White House knows.
Kushner says he advised MBS — who he forged a close relationship with — to be transparent. How did he respond? “We’ll see,” Kushner says.
Asked about how even Trump said there have been lies and deception, Kushner responds, “I see things that are deceptive every day. I see them in the Middle East. I see them in Washington. Every day we deal with different people who are trying to deceive us in different way.”
Van Jones asks Jared Kushner if he believes the Saudi claims about how Jamal Khashoggi died. He says the administration is still in the fact finding phase, then touts the Saudis as a strong ally. “But we also have to deal with what seems to be a terrible situation.”
Jared Kushner, during his interview with Van Jones at Citizen by CNN, says, “I don’t make a lot of noise. Some noise is sometimes made about me.”
Honduran First Lady Ana García de Hernández announced yesterday that 3,000 Honduran migrants had returned to the country in the last two days. https://t.co/LURQSFJnYe
"Unknown Middle Easterners"? https://t.co/7Wkzli5HUv
A man built like Khashoggi was seen wearing his clothes and a fake beard the day the reporter disappeared. But he had on the same shoes — dark sneakers — that he had on when he entered the consulate earlier, in a different outfit with no beard or glasses. https://t.co/rtD16d60sm
RT @JakeSherman: This idea had been floating in my head for the last 48 hours so I put it in Playbook. https://t.co/yc2uh6IuYC
Loved this feature in print in the New York Times today. 24 Hours in America, stories of “people living lives of unannounced grace and dignity.”  https://t.co/62gQmzsI7H
The Saudis blithely assume abhorrence at their inhumane behavior — from beheadings to forcing teenage girls without head scarves back into a burning school to die to the murder of Khashoggi — can be lubricated away with oil &amp; money. And why shouldn’t they? https://t.co/8Y8Q7kufB1
Sen. Corker, who spoke with Secretary Pompeo yesterday, says he believes MBS was involved in Khashoggi’s murder and doesn’t think the Saudi king is “coherent” anymore.
A lot of coffee. https://t.co/pDf2S56BJj
The photo I was waiting for. https://t.co/yKWNlRJaj2
@drewdease Ha!
CNN chyron this morning: “Just 744 days until 2020 election....”
RT @oliverdarcy: Wow, @nytimes reports that the Saudis groomed a Twitter employee with access to users’ personal info and activity to spy o…
RT @jaketapper: In Washington Post interview, Trump calls Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed a ‘strong person’ who ‘truly loves his country’ https…
It was fall 2009 when Terrence Cody — all 350 pounds of him — blocked Tennessee’s field goal and saved Alabama. I still love how Saban says he was the one player he could never throw off the intertube while out on the lake. https://t.co/loUa8GbCTc
@Marq_Burnett PSA to the cameramen to please zoom in on his face when he lights one up.
@finebaum 😆
It has been 4,381 days since Tennessee beat Alabama. Let’s make it 4,382 today.
@_AlexByington Saban’s peace sign 😂
An incredibly inspiring story from @theTylerTrent. Rooting for you and the Boilermakers tonight. https://t.co/A7zPRV6mjy
@bearrett50cal They dirty
In new statement, Sanders says the WH will "advocate for justice that is timely, transparent, and in accordance with all due process." Adds they are "saddened to hear confirmation of Mr. Khashoggi’s death, and we offer our deepest condolences to his family, fiancée, and friends.” https://t.co/HoD1R5YxXT
The Saudis want you to believe a reporter in his 60s got in a fight in a consulate with more than two dozen men who were, apparently, wielding a bone saw.
Sen. Blumenthal says there’s “no way” the world will wait 30 days. Calls for an international investigation.
The Saudis claim an argument broke out between Khashoggi and men inside the Saudi consulate, which led to a fight that led to his death. So what about the bone saw, as NYT reported? And why did they initially say he left the consulate that day?
The Saudis want a month to complete the investigation into Khashoggi’s death. It’s already been 17 days since he entered the consulate and never left. President Trump said earlier he hoped to know more by Monday. The question now is will the White House accept that timeline?
RT @cnnadam: BREAKING: 18 Saudi nationals detained in death of Khashoggi, @clarissaward reporting on @CNNSitRoom right now.
Keep in mind this big news is coming out of Saudi Arabia in the middle of the night there, where it’s 1 a.m.
The Saudis have confirmed on state television that journalist Jamal Khashoggi is dead, CNN has learned.
The Rock praises his "deep rooted, yet modern views on the world..." https://t.co/cCJwQNsANB
Flashback: Putin said in July he wanted Trump to win the 2016 election. https://t.co/GiHTZJZgkK
Trump's immediate response when asked about a Russian national being charged with conspiracy to influence an American election: “It had nothing to do with my campaign. The hackers, a lot of them probably like Hillary Clinton better than me.”
Asked about praising the assault of a reporter while the world reckons with the death of a journalist, Trump says, "That was a different league and a different world." Calling Greg Gianforte a great guy, Trump said last night’s rally in Montana was "a success."
President Trump says he will have Congress involved in deciding what to do about the suspected death of Jamal Khashoggi. "I will make certain recommendations," he adds, citing the arms deal. "We're going to have some answers pretty quickly."
A day after his blow up with John Bolton, John Kelly was back at work today, I'm told. He left the White House yesterday after their argument and didn't return for the rest of the day. (He wasn't scheduled to head West with POTUS.)
The announcement, which was joined by the Justice Department, FBI and Department of Homeland Security, comes on the eve of a trip national security adviser John Bolton is making to Moscow, where he is expected to raise the issue with his counterparts.	https://t.co/0FDHEQlu1Y
This interview is heartbreaking. 		https://t.co/EzkAiA7CdC
Event is an interesting choice of word here, since they are accused of a grisly murder. https://t.co/tdaIEwbH86
Larry Kudlow overheard discussing the Bolton-Kelly showdown, via @playbookplus https://t.co/MHFHfy6cEn
@betsy_klein @alivitali Does Twitter count?
Gianforte body slammed a reporter who asked about health care, pleaded guilty to misdemeanor assault and was ordered by a judge to take anger management classes. https://t.co/SVzeAjWAG6
Trump brags on Melania Trump during his rally tonight, remarking that she didn’t cover her face with a wet towel when smoke filled the cabin of her plane this week. (Mechanical issue, everyone was OK.)
State Department spokesman Heather Nauert: “Secretary Pompeo has neither heard a tape nor has he seen a transcript related to Jamal Khashoggi’s disappearance.”
Not a denial from Sarah Sanders on our reporting that Bolton and Kelly got into a screaming match today. https://t.co/uFnhxO4jjo
RT @MarshallCohen: NEWS: Mueller is expected to wind down his investigation by the end of the year, but Rosenstein has not given him a dead…
One big factor in this ugly feud? Bolton criticized DHS Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen, telling Kelly and others she needed to start doing her job. It set Kelly off. https://t.co/e4xFAzizhJ
Trump was present for the beginning of it. https://t.co/IA9USCcaeT
Arguing is frequent in this West Wing. What happened today between Bolton and Kelly was more dramatic than that, I’m told. One equated it to a falling out.  https://t.co/e4xFAzizhJ
DETAILS — John Kelly and John Bolton got into a heated argument over a recent surge in border crossings today, which turned into a shouting match. Trump took Bolton’s side. People think Kelly could resign.  https://t.co/e4xFAzizhJ
For those wondering, Bryant Denny holds 101,821 😆 https://t.co/64pGY8IWfq
Trump's rally has been moved to the Toyota Center, which holds roughly 18,000 people. Bigger than NRG Arena, where it was scheduled, which holds 10,000 less. Neither are the "biggest stadium in Texas," as promised. That would be Kyle Field in College Station, which holds 102,995. https://t.co/3z3BNhqTlk
Pence takes the strongest stance yet on Khashoggi. "If a journalist lost their life at the hand of violence, that is a threat to a free and independent press around the world and there will be consequences." He says the U.S. won't rely solely on results of Saudi investigation.
“As much as I want to see this conversation move our country forward, I cannot lose my employment. I cannot lose my reputation,” one said. Most of the men willing to be on the record were either of retirement age or close to it.		https://t.co/3gQr7FS7XY
It’s not being used for much else lately! https://t.co/iRLcNxll52
No U.S. officials will be going in Mnuchin’s place to the Future Investment Initiative summit in Saudi Arabia, I’m told.
Mnuchin is a no go &gt;&gt;&gt; https://t.co/MbpKNSB6Tk
Mnuchin spotting at the White House by @NoahGrayCNN, who asked if a decision had been made on the trip. All he said was, "Coming soon, very soon."
The secretary of state, who just visited the two countries involved in a full blown diplomatic crisis over the disappearance of a journalist and subsequently briefed the president, talked to reporters for roughly three minutes and took two questions. That was it.
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo defended himself against criticism that he was too smiley while meeting with the Saudi crown prince and said he advised Trump to give the Saudis a few more days to investigate. But didn’t offer anything else new that I heard.
The White House says Secretary of State Pompeo will come out to the microphone in five minutes.
The biggest thing we will likely learn, which could indicate the administration's overall response, is whether Treasury Secretary Mnuchin is still attending the investment summit in Riyadh. It's one stop on a multi-country trip, but he's set to leave at the end of the week. https://t.co/TmOWwBF4Os
Pompeo, who has heard both Saudi denials &amp; Turkish claims, is set to brief Trump. Officials have said they're waiting on this to decide how to respond, but Trump has made his feelings obvious, stressing importance of U.S.-Saudi relationship and repeating Khashoggi's not a citizen
RT @igorbobic: Caroline Cruz for President https://t.co/FCMFmG5GF8 https://t.co/1UlheMDYfO
RT @rabrowne75: .@ResoluteSupport-"There was a situation at the Kandahar palace today. Initial reports indicate this was an Afghan-on-Afgha…
RT @shaneharris: The administration has “clamped down” on intelligence about Khashoggi’s case, denying briefings to lawmakers. https://t.co…
Nick Saban (and some other folks) come out in support of Sen. Joe Manchin in this ad. Saban grew up near Monongah, West Virginia and is pals with Manchin. https://t.co/bsnuR4N4yy
RT @merica: Heidi Heitkamp's campaign mistakenly named them as abuse survivors. Now they want answers. My story on the women incorrectly id…
Trump, who refers to him as just "Pat," did not inform Cipollone beforehand that he was going to announce his new job during his interview with the Associated Press, per @evanperez. 	https://t.co/Yj4qBCdoWI
Publicly, Trump has downplayed Kushner's close ties to MBS. But privately, he’s frustrated at the coverage, including suggestions he and Kushner became too cozy with a repressive regime. W/ @Kevinliptakcnn and @JDiamond1 https://t.co/btTMawUJ9f
Jared Kushner, who flew to NY last night, has remained intentionally in the background as West Wing officials feared a public role would prompt backlash because of his close ties with Saudi Arabia’s powerful and domineering crown prince. https://t.co/btTMawUJ9f
Secretary of State Pompeo is scheduled to brief President Trump when he returns from Riyadh and Ankara. Multiple White House officials say they're waiting to see what he has to say. But when asked earlier the pretty simple question of if Jamal Khashoggi is dead or alive, he said: https://t.co/gsf5yLzdsu
Trump on Larry Kudlow during the Cabinet meeting: “I hear that voice, that beautiful voice and I can hear Larry in my dreams.”
A senior Treasury Department official was arrested and charged w disclosing sensitive financial transaction reports pertaining to multiple entities tied to President Trump and Russia, including Paul Manafort, to a reporter.	https://t.co/inIS7szub5
RT @kenvogel: At the end of last month, the TRUMP campaign quietly donated $30,000 to North Carolina charities helping with recovery from H…
Trump says he's going to ask every member of his Cabinet to cut five percent from their budget for next year. Does that include the Department of Defense? Because right after that, Trump launched into remarks about how the military was was "falling apart" and "depleted" last year
President Trump says he’s not giving cover to the Saudis “at all,” but stresses that Saudi Arabia is an important ally.
Pompeo earlier: "I do think it’s important that everyone keep in their mind that we have lots of important relationships, financial relationships between U.S. and Saudi companies, governmental relationships, things we work on together all across the world..." https://t.co/TznoZqCeUb
“Do this outside. You will put me in trouble,” Mr. al-Otaibi, the consul, told them, according to the Turkish official and the report in Yeni Safak, citing audio recordings. “If you want to live when you come back to Arabia, shut up,” an agent replied.	https://t.co/VzsVhoW5Dt
RT @AP: BREAKING: Trump says US has requested audio and video from Turkey relating to missing journalist, `if it exists'
Trump doesn't answer what the punishment will be if Saudi Arabia is found to be responsible for Khashoggi's death, instead remarking that the U.S. needs Saudi Arabia and questioning why he would reject the arms deal. "I hope king and crown prince didn't know about it," he adds.
Reporters on board say the plane has landed safely.
Melania Trump was on her way to Philadelphia for an event this morning but her plane is returning to Andrews because of a “mechanical issue.” https://t.co/adUfWHipkq
Trump sent Pompeo to Ankara at the last minute this week amid concerns about what happened to Jamal Khashoggi. Which makes it odd that in these readouts from his meetings with Erdogan and Turkey’s foreign minister, Khashoggi is not the main focus. https://t.co/WgXSQbVMqL
Which one? https://t.co/1qlCSLEk2y
Trump named Pat Cipollone as his new White House counsel tonight, but Don McGahn is still at work in the West Wing. Despite Trump announcing his exit with a departure date of this fall, McGahn has told associates he hopes to hang around until the midterms. Quietly, that is.
One of the suspects identified in the disappearance of Khashoggi was a frequent companion of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. 3 others are linked to his security detail. A 5th is a forensic doctor who holds senior positions in the Saudi Interior Ministry.	https://t.co/gln3WxMQUN
So what does he think happened to Jamal Khashoggi? https://t.co/20OVHTNF7q
In this interview with the Associated Press, Trump says his remark that "rogue killers" could have been behind Khashoggi’s disappearance was based on his "feeling" of his conversation with Salman, not intelligence. 	https://t.co/84wLWUXm4o
RT @jpaceDC: WASHINGTON (AP) — Trump tells AP that Saudi Arabia being blamed for missing journalist is another case of 'guilty until proven…
RT @FoxNewsResearch: Trump &amp; Saudi Business:	•1991: Sold yacht to Saudi Prince	•2001: Sold 45th floor of Trump World Tower to Saudis	•Jun 2…
Trump said in mid-August he suspected he would revoke Bruce Ohr’s security clearance soon. To my knowledge, he still hasn’t. https://t.co/8JTReOebnW
You know a Trump tweet is really something when the best response most people can muster is to quote one word from it. (Including myself.)
“Horseface” https://t.co/09sk01ZtSV
RT @AP: BREAKING: Turkish official tells AP police found evidence in Saudi Consulate that Saudi writer Jamal Khashoggi was killed there.
There is nothing on the president’s public schedule today. https://t.co/4KevQbWiDU
RT @AaronBlake: Lindsey Graham to F&amp;F on Khashoggi:		"It's up to the president, but what I would do -- Well, I know what I'm going to do. I…
“I've never registered for any political party,” Defense Secretary Mattis tells reporters after Trump speculated that he’s “sort of a Democrat.” https://t.co/nLEmkqNIRV
A federal judge has dismissed Stormy Daniels's defamation lawsuit against President Trump.  https://t.co/VZ5zwLioDG
Trump left open the possibility that Mnuchin may drop out of conference. “We haven't made a decision about going yet," the President told reporters, saying a final call would be made by Friday.  https://t.co/uW7oq7ql6e
RT @steveholland1: Trump stopped at heavily damaged home of Michael Rollins, who told Prez he rode out the storm in his home. “I have three…
@AUChizad Not a comment on the test. Just saying the president is denying a pledge he made in front of cameras.
RT @elianayjohnson: Per e-mail, the Saudi embassy has canceled the celebration of Saudi National Day in D.C. this Thursday - "Please be adv…
Secretary Mnuchin is still moving forward with plans to attend the Future Investment Initiative in Riyadh, I’m told. The decision will ultimately be up to President Trump, but he still plans to leave at the end of the week.
RT @jackshafer: Mueller is everywhere, except the midterms https://t.co/xnaiADXXjX
Trump denies offering to pay $1 million to the charity of Elizabeth Warren’s choice if she proved her Native American heritage. He did. https://t.co/hswvq4TR1k https://t.co/RFhlnXYMEQ
President Trump suggests it could have been “rogue killers” who murdered Jamal Khashoggi, citing the Saudi king’s strong denial. “His denial to me could not have been stronger.”
Photo here: https://t.co/CTq8Xe0Agj
According to @NicRobertsonCNN, a cleaning crew was spotted entering the Saudi consulate a few hours ago.
Sen. Marco Rubio to @jaketapper yesterday: “The only two things that could've happened is he's alive and somehow still in there. Or he's dead, and the Saudis are the ones who did it. There's no other explanation for it.” https://t.co/OknDjlmjkP
Missed this line from President Trump’s 60 Minutes interview: “Washington D.C. is a vicious, vicious place. The attacks, the bad mouthing, the speaking behind your back, but you know, and in my way, I feel very comfortable here.”
President Trump says if he hadn’t said what he said about Christine Blasey Ford during that rally in Mississippi (when he ridiculed her) that Brett Kavanaugh wouldn’t have been confirmed. “I was just saying she didn’t seem to know anything.” https://t.co/p1wywqDhuG
RT @60Minutes: Lesley Stahl: You're in a trade war right now [with China].	President Trump: I called it a skirmish.	Lesley Stahl: I heard y…
RT @60Minutes: President Trump on whether he will pledge not to shut down the Mueller investigation: “I don't pledge anything. But I will t…
RT @jeneps: Trump: "Do you really think I'd call Russia to help me with an election? Give me a break. They wouldn't be able to help me at a…
“I think he's sort of a Democrat, if you want to know the truth," Trump said when asked if Mattis could depart the administration soon. https://t.co/Wb9NFs2PHx
I’m going to need a camera focused on the sideline tent @espn
It’s because they brought Dixieland Delight back. https://t.co/OPidANkQZA
RT @AaronSuttles: That was Alabama's eighth touchdown drive of the season that was under 30 seconds.
RT @jaketapper: CNN: Information reported by a Turkish newspaper on Saturday morning indicates that Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi may ha…
Powell has since taken herself out of the running. Her chances weren’t looking great. https://t.co/a8HszENodf
Underappreciated job in the White House? Transcriptionist. https://t.co/sVZTan0GxP
President Trump said he wants to move forward with a major arms deals with Saudi Arabia, but senators from both parties are warning that Congress may block these accords from going forward in light of the disappearance of journalist Jamal Khashoggi.	https://t.co/6ypisChwso
RT @DailyNewsAnnie: The Panama City printing press where @nwfdailynews and @The_News_Herald prints its newspapers was severely damaged duri…
RT @MarshallCohen: NEW TODAY: Trump's lawyers have received written questions from special counsel Mueller and are preparing their answers.…
A surreal scene of devastation in Mexico Beach, Florida, where @BrookeBCNN is. She says there are fire alarms constantly beeping in the background, scattered across what used to be neighborhoods.
@joshrogin @Bencjacobs @KimKardashian
What a pool note, from @jonkarl https://t.co/ld9KZRGb3u
Trump and Kanye West are meeting in the Oval, and according to reporters in the room, West just said, “Let’s stop worrying about the future all we have is today...Trump is on his hero’s journey right now. He might not have thought he’d have a crazy mother-fucker like (me)”
Sen. Bob Corker said he believes Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi was murdered and that "there is no question the Saudis did this."		https://t.co/E5Rya8OClq
😂 https://t.co/RpA1fhCEGI
President Trump, Kanye West, Jim Brown, Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump will have lunch together today at 12:30. Roasted chicken, fingerling potatoes and sautéed asparagus are on the menu. Here’s what’s on the agenda: https://t.co/Lg1m4CavqV
Interesting response. When I reported that Melania was no fan of Joe Hagin’s and pushed Trump to replace him, her communications director said it wasn’t true because, “she doesn't get involved with West Wing staff." https://t.co/DSLmNXJq7f
RT @mkraju: Corker told me that “intel points directly” at Saudis, saying ambassador gave him “incredulous” stories by saying video of Khas…
RT @jaketapper: Melania Trump says she's one of the most bullied people in the world @CNN https://t.co/Zqk2y5jF8Y
Trump says he believes there's a chance the New York Times wrote the anonymous op-ed.
"We're being very tough and we have investigators over there and we're working with Turkey and frankly we're working with Saudi Arabia. We want to find out what happened."
Trump voices concern about what happened to missing Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi, but later says U.S.-Saudi relations are "excellent."
A lot of people who don't want Dina Powell at the UN. John Kelly isn't hiding his disdain for her. John Bolton has made clear she's not his choice. Her relationship w Pompeo has cooled. And she's not as close w Ivanka as she used to be. But ultimately, the decision is Trump's.
Oh boy. "Devin Nunes should get the Medal of Honor," Trump just said.
While calling into Fox News this morning, President Trump says if Jeff Sessions doesn't want prison reform, "then he gets overruled by me."
https://t.co/v4KBicTA3H
https://t.co/cuUoAZQB2Y https://t.co/uOYHy4WJtW
After the Dow fell over 830 points today, the White House issues this statement: https://t.co/ge6Mb0XgR1
“I want to tell you a couple of things: the chief is doing a very good job. I’m very happy with him, we have a very good relationship, number one. Number two, I didn’t offer anybody else the job,” Trump says, during the most @Olivianuzzi interview ever.  https://t.co/lgULWHuxWh
(A handful of people do show up the night before to start lining up for these rallies. I've witnessed it. Tents, snacks, the whole nine yards.)
President Trump said "we've got a little bit of a quagmire" when it comes to whether he should cancel his rally in Pennsylvania tonight because of the hurricane. "I can't tell thousands of people who have been waiting, some of whom literally got there last night..."
RT @mattstureid: @ABC live as awning at @DavidMuir hotel collapses on air. #HuricaneMichael https://t.co/yCOdsFezTM
The sign things are serious. https://t.co/7sktbtLVi9
The White House says John Bolton and Jared Kushner spoke to Saudi Arabian Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman yesterday about the missing journalist, adding that Pompeo had a follow up call with the Crown Prince to reiterate the request for information. https://t.co/kxYZ37QGkp
RT @evanmcmurry: What #HurricaneMichael sounds like. https://t.co/TgKAYjNiq3
"We are demanding everything," Trump says regarding missing Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi, who is feared dead. "Frankly, the fact that it’s a reporter, you could say in many respects...It’s a very serious situation for us and for this White House. We do not like seeing this."
While briefing the president, FEMA Administrator Brock Long says “the window to evacuate has come to a close.” He advises people in the area to get on elevated ground or move to a facility that can withstand strong winds.
Trump on the replacement for Nikki Haley as United Nations ambassador: “We like Dina [Powell]. She loves this administration. So we are certainly looking at Dina, but we’re looking at others.” He said he doesn't think the timing of Haley's departure will affect the midterms.
President Trump, who was just briefed on the latest on Hurricane Michael by DHS Secretary Nielsen and FEMA admin Brock Long, notes that some of the areas that will be hit by the storm are low income. "Some of these areas are very poor...It’s very tough for them to leave."
His fiancee*
President Trump is talking about the missing Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi right now. He says the White House is in contact with her fiance and will invite her to the White House. Asked if he holds the Saudis responsible, he says he didn't know who did it yet. Per the pool.
RT @GulfPower: A current view of the sound side at Pensacola Beach🌀🌊 You can see the beach pier in the background. #HurricaneMichael https:…
Wow. The New York Times says the son of the owner of a limousine company at the center of an investigation of the crash in upstate New York that killed 20 people was arrested Wednesday. https://t.co/JeI01VNuqT
Richard Pinedo has been sentenced to six months in prison and six months home detention, in addition to 24 months of supervised release, per @kpolantz. https://t.co/Xurek1EaNB
RT @mkraju: Corker said he spoke w Saudi ambassador about missing journalist. “It was not, not a great conversation in that I asked him for…
RT @mkraju: Rod Rosenstein had been scheduled to meet with House investigators in aftermath of reports he discussed wearing a wire and invo…
Stay safe, my friends. Make sure you’re signed up for weather alerts and heed warnings from officials. https://t.co/lsBq1bRsdv https://t.co/kZvcsfbNpH
RT @adamslily: Wray confirms to Senator Harris that the Kavanaugh background investigation was limited in scope by the WH
After President Trump said Sen. Lisa Murkowski would “never recover” from voting no on Brett Kavanaugh, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell tells the Associated Press today, “Nobody is going to beat her.”
A California computer whiz caught by the special counsel's office selling fake online identities to Russians will be sentenced by a federal judge in Washington today, making him the third defendant to learn his sentence in Robert Mueller's probe. https://t.co/A0Y0DPN7th
RT @jeffzeleny: "They said sir you're speaking in Iowa, but there may be a few people coming in from Nebraska," Trump said, seemingly surpr…
RT @jeneps: Trump is considering 5 candidates for U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, he tells reporters aboard Air Force One, per @jenn…
Counting herself out &gt;&gt;&gt; https://t.co/wbjq5T03GK
Departures in this White House are rarely dignified affairs, with officials often learning of their fates via tweet or ill-timed call. So it was a novelty when Trump and Haley appeared together in the Oval, announcing an exit that caught many off guard. https://t.co/Mnv6hia6Bf
Trump says there are many names under consideration for Nikki Haley’s job, adding that his former aide Dina Powell — who now works at Goldman Sachs — is one of them.
President Trump says Ivanka would be an incredible United Nations ambassador but that if he picked her he would be accused of nepotism.
Odd occurrence at the White House just now. They announced Secretary of State Pompeo would make remarks at the mic outside the West Wing. He talked about North Korea and Nikki Haley for about two minutes, then left without taking a single question.
RT @akarl_smith: Today is the final day you can register to vote in:		— Arizona	— Arkansas	— Florida	— Georgia	— Indiana	— Kentucky	— Louis…
Point of this: Haley had lost a lot of clout with Trump in recent months. He sought her advice often when Tillerson was secretary of state. But Pompeo has pretty much become his go to. https://t.co/DwqnjyjVoA
RT @mkraju: Despite the rumors, Lindsey Graham is NOT interested in a Cabinet spot, aide said. And he did not coordinate this with Nikki Ha…
Trump says Haley told him six months ago she would likely leave at the end of the year. But this caught a lot of people off guard, including Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, CNN is told.
RT @JoshNBCNews: “Jared is such a hidden genius that no one understands,” Haley says of Kushner
Nikki Haley says she won’t run for president in 2020. She says she’ll be supporting POTUS.
This episode prompted Haley’s 🔥 remark: “With all due respect, I don’t get confused.”
Trump and Haley have an interesting relationship. As they put on the friendly front in the Oval, remember when she went on a Sunday show and announced new sanctions on Russia were coming. Trump watched and exploded, and Kudlow later said she had gotten confused.
Trump says Haley will be leaving at the end of the year, according to the pool.
Nikki Haley had been laying pretty low lately. Before Trump went to New York for the United Nations General Assembly two weeks ago, we hadn’t seen much of her over the summer.
Nikki Haley has resigned, @Acosta and I are told, confirming @jonathanvswan’s big scoop this a.m.
In a statement tonight, Pompeo says the U.S. calls on the government of Saudi Arabia “to support a thorough investigation of Mr. Khashoggi's disappearance and to be transparent about the results of that investigation.” https://t.co/RTrLtPRrhO
Standing in front of his wife and two daughters, Brett Kavanaugh notes how the confirmation process was a contentious and emotional one, but says, “I take this office with gratitude — and no bitterness.”
RT @jdawsey1: “Women still face many barriers in the American workplace, and all of us have a responsibility to address that problem,” Kava…
Kavanaugh calls Don McGahn “a warrior for fairness.”
Trump says he wants to start this swearing-in differently — by apologizing to Brett Kavanaugh and his family for what they’ve been through.
Trump has told allies in the last two weeks that, while he hated the Kavanaugh drama, it had the perk of getting the Russia investigation out of the press. Now the Times publishes this less than an hour before he’s set to ceremoniously swear him in. https://t.co/hzUgsO3mC3
President Trump says he is “concerned” about the missing Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi.
Asked about Rod Rosenstein’s future in the Trump administration, Trump hints at the outcome of the Russia investigation, saying, “I think we’ll be treated very fairly.”
Rep. Garamendi tells Wolf if Democrats win back the House they’ll be focused on doing what the American people want, and that doesn’t include impeaching Brett Kavanaugh.
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein just descended the stairs of Air Force One alongside John Kelly, who he told that he wished to resign two weeks ago, leading to a dramatic showdown that ended with him keeping his job. (For now.)
Trump just deplaned. Asked how the conversation went, Trump said, “Great."
Trump and Rosenstein chatted on the flight to Orlando for about half an hour, a White House spokesman who declined to characterize the conversation tells the pool. Asked if this means the deputy attorney general still has a job, Hogan Gidley said yes.
When I was in college, I used ignorant language in a few tweets to my friends. It was immature but it doesn’t represent the way I feel at all. I regret it and apologize.
RT @mkraju: McConnell, asked if he would stick by standard set in 2016 when he kept the seat vacant for a year -- assuming another one aris…
RT @mkraju: Susan Collins takes a whack at Susan Rice, saying she doesn’t really live in Maine and says Rice “pleaded with me” to introduce…
President Trump, dressed in a white hat, just left the White House on this Sunday morning for an undisclosed location. Spotted with him? Sen. Lindsey Graham, outfitted in a blazer and khakis, according to the pool.
“In one of the darkest moments of the Vietnam War, the top American military commander in Saigon activated a plan in 1968 to move nuclear weapons to South Vietnam until he was overruled by President Lyndon B. Johnson.”  https://t.co/WKw3c0pvDt
RT @Philip_Elliott: True. But I spent yesterday in central Pennsylvania at community events and GOP field offices. Not one person said they…
A successful week for the president now looks like your Supreme Court nominee being confirmed by one of the narrowest margins in Senate history and the New York Times publishing a damning investigation into your finances. Times have changed. https://t.co/OpO7pEm3ST
RT @kylieatwood: Pompeo &amp; Kim Jong Un have lunch in Pyongyang. “Well as I said before, it’s a very nice day that promises a good future,” K…
From ⁦@barbarastarrcnn⁩: “Behind the scenes, the White House and Pentagon are looking for a new slate of senior officers to fill several key jobs with several senior military figures set to retire.”  https://t.co/fe18QrT4ge
RT @PostBaron: Turkey concludes that prominent journalist Jamal Khashoggi was killed in Saudi consulate, two people familiar with the probe…
Not words you hear from President Trump often — “I want to thank the Justice Department because they were working along with the FBI, really hard, really fast. And I think the extra week delay was a terrific thing for the process.”
Saban: "I don't care how we score. You get points for running more than passing? All right. It don't matter to me." https://t.co/dBuK3mgAns
I’m not kidding when I say my heart skipped a beat. https://t.co/gvPPT7Wo0K
RT @CecilHurt: Tua lined up at WR with Hurts in the Wildcat and was blocking downfield if you wondered why the earth stood still for a mome…
🤯 https://t.co/ozY7XbxAJj
One of the signs at College Game Day is a quote from Brett Kavanaugh’s testimony. “I liked beer. I still like beer.” https://t.co/qo5I555h6m
@Marq_Burnett Brunch game 😂
In a week of stupid comments, this one is up there. https://t.co/1kN5UTNlKf
Don’t forget Iowa on Tuesday. https://t.co/AK1MlaBvMX
This is the guy who hired a female prosecutor to question Christine Blasey Ford because Republican men didn’t want to look bad. https://t.co/6RmylCVKW2
Ah. “It’s a lot of work — maybe they don’t want to do it. My chief of staff of 33 years tells me we’ve tried to recruit women and we couldn’t get the job done.” https://t.co/20oj84D3IJ
It’s certainly something to hear Democrats use the president’s language to describe the FBI investigation into Brett Kavanaugh (Hirono just told Wolf it’s “rigged”) when they attack Trump when he says the same.
🤦‍♀️ https://t.co/Xg1XSwX4C2
And the White House breathes a big sigh of relief. https://t.co/9jebIRhTwu
RT @frankthorp: NEWS: COLLINS says allegations against Kavanaugh "fail to meet the more-likely-than-not standard, therefor I do not feel th…
Collins says she found Ford’s testimony compelling &amp; painful, but raises questions about how none of her friends came forward to say they remember driving her home/asked why she left abruptly. Then she says she has friends who were sexually assaulted yet remained silent for years
RT @kasie: This is very carefully produced TV by Collins —&gt; https://t.co/WiyYcQZkyU
This sounds like a speech Sen. Collins would have made if none of the sexual assault allegation drama had happened.
Vice President Pence, who is no longer needed to break any ties today, is headed for New York. He’ll be back in Washington this evening ahead of the final vote on Kavanaugh. https://t.co/oSgwj2cJUz
RT @yashar: Manchin a YES on cloture 	Murkowski a NO on cloture
Sen. Graham tells the Washington Post that President Trump was surprised by his outburst during the Kavanaugh hearing last week. He called and asked why he was so mad.  https://t.co/NKESHym7jK
RT @markknoller: Mrs Trump also visited a Kenyan orphanage for children, holding an infant her arms. https://t.co/Fn0eHZeWdr
Kavanaugh’s last minute op-ed defending his demeanor shows the concern inside the White House about securing votes from the undecided senators. https://t.co/b5WfuB2UeF
The asterisks are because I wrote Ford in my initial tweet when I obviously meant Kav. Don't tweet and attend a Trump rally at the same time, folks.
Worth noting Kavanaugh said he wrote his opening statement himself**
@MikeBastasch Oops
Trump: "We will always protect Americans with pre-existing conditions. We’re going to take care of them. Some of the Democrats have been talking about ending pre-existing conditions…You know what I say? We get a little more money from China. It’ll be just fine." ???
Trump's word of the week seems to be "loco."
During the tense hearing, Kavanaugh asked one senator if she had ever blacked out (which he apologized for a few minutes later) and another which kind of beer he liked to drink. https://t.co/U5FbZQyeI8
Trump: "Nancy Pelosi as Speaker of the House?! Don’t do that to me. I didn’t buy in to that…”
Seems Kavanaugh felt this closing argument was necessary after his testimony last week raised questions about his temperament. (Critics argued he seemed too partisan, supporters said he was simply defending himself.) https://t.co/U5FbZQyeI8
In Minnesota, Trump mocks Al Franken for resigning after he was accused of sexual misconduct. "He was gone so fast," Trump said, adding, "He was replaced by somebody that nobody ever heard of..."
As key senators weigh their votes, Brett Kavanaugh publishes an op-ed for the WSJ apologizing for his demeanor last week. "I was very emotional last Thursday, more so than I have ever been. I might have been too emotional at times..." 	https://t.co/GON6yhULLy
Trump campaign declaring “KAVANAUGH CLEARED” in the subject line of an email blast tonight... https://t.co/HkkpM6rwFh
Rick Santorum tells @jaketapper he was supposed to meet with Sen. Collins today but she told him she needed to reschedule because it was so hectic with protesters outside her office.
"Frustrations about Kavanaugh’s bid — which Trump at times privately calls McGahn’s pet project and a too-kind overture to the GOP establishment that has been his foe and foil — have begun to spill out." 		https://t.co/R6hYVLDX4v
Whoops. https://t.co/n6nZH3bE4a
"Dr. Fox....Dr. Ford" https://t.co/18htQ1pI1x
After touching down in Minneapolis, President Trump says this of Brett Kavanaugh: “I think he’s doing very well. The Judge is doing well.”
Amid the drama in Washington over the FBI inquiry into Brett Kavanaugh, one thousand miles away in Rochester, Minnesota, the line grows as the crowd waits for President Trump to arrive. https://t.co/nQCJ1nb9DJ
RT @jaketapper: Letters sent to and released by Senate Judiciary Committee insist “Devil’s Triangle” is a drinking game https://t.co/FApKrL…
Wow. Heitkamp on her decision to vote no on Kavanaugh: "This isn't a political decision. If this were a political decision for me I certainly would be deciding this the other way...I can't get up in the morning and look at the experience I've had and say yes to Judge Kavanaugh."
RT @KThomasDC: WASHINGTON (AP) _ Dem Sen. Heitkamp of North Dakota, fighting for re-election, tells TV station she will vote against Kavana…
RT @mkraju: With Collins and Flake both satisfied with the investigation, it’s hard to see them voting against the nomination since that wo…
Meanwhile, Sen. Susan Collins, a critical vote on Kavanaugh, says it appears to be a thorough investigation. https://t.co/WSL25VCHf6
RT @mkraju: SIREN: Susan Collins: "It appears to be a very thorough investigation.” @jeremyherb
Quite a graphic in today’s NYT — showing how a map of where China’s retaliatory tariffs threaten American jobs the most looks a whole lot like the one showing where Trump won in 2016. https://t.co/R1CEFsFqA4 https://t.co/4DCHFDhQTM
RT @CNNPolitics: Deputy press secretary Raj Shah says the White House feels “very confident” that senators will be "comfortable voting to c…
Ivanka Trump passes out meals in storm-ravaged North Carolina.  https://t.co/73f2q74i3J
In a speech today, Pence will assert that Russia's actions "pale in comparison" to China’s. “Beijing has mobilized covert actors, front groups and propaganda outlets to shift Americans' perception of Chinese policies," according to speech excerpts. https://t.co/zTnlCZINAT
While it’s ultimately up to what Flake, Collins and Murkowski think, the White House has concluded the FBI supplemental interviews into Brett Kavanaugh don’t corroborate the allegations against him, per @jeffzeleny. Nine people were interviewed. Now we wait.
At 2:25 a.m., the White House told the pool: “The White House has received the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s supplemental background investigation into Judge Kavanaugh, and it is being transmitted to the Senate.” Grassley says Senate Judiciary has now received it. https://t.co/Zf6cCAJ7f5
One officer has died, CNN has learned. https://t.co/bcxoHfsTlq
The White House still hasn’t received Kavanaugh’s background file from the FBI yet. @Arianedevogue and I are told the bureau conducted more interviews today as part of its investigation into the allegations against him. Unclear how many though.
RT @ChadPergram: Manchin on Kavanaugh: I'm looking at the gentleman as an adult from 22 to 53. 31 years of official service. I'm looking at…
RT @kelsey_snell: The disconnect between the big bipartisan bills getting through Congress and the sour, angry, partisan mood is stunning.…
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Subject taken into custody connected to investigation of suspicious letters sent to White House and Pentagon, @joshscam…
The White House hasn’t received the background investigation on Kavanaugh yet, but they expect it soon. Once the White House gets it, they believe it will be less than an hour before it’s up on the Hill for review.
A different kind of presidential alert. This one is manadatory, but at least it comes after 6 a.m. https://t.co/KDaDsqeP2W
Get ready, folks. You are minutes away from the first presidential alert.	https://t.co/ILweuNbJBJ
Sarah Sanders is asked why she said Michael Cohen was acting on his own to stop Stormy Daniels from talking, when WSJ revealed Trump personally directed it. She refers question to president’s outside counsel. (But was happy to answer it before.)
Are Trump's taxes still under audit? Sanders: "I know that a number of them are still under audit." Added she's not aware of any plans to release his returns.
Sanders says Trump was "stating the facts" when he said what he said about Ford. Not true. He said the only thing she could remember was having one beer. She testified who was in the room, what occurred and what she was wearing. Said she didn't remember house, how she got home.
What the key senators think of President Trump ridiculing Christine Blasey Ford:	Flake: "Kind of appalling." 	Collins: "Just plain wrong." 	Murkowski: "Wholly inappropriate and unacceptable." 	But will it affect their votes on Kavanaugh? Flake says it won't his.
This is starting to make the rounds. Graham is quoting James Carville, who once said, "If you drag a $100 bill through a trailer park, you never know what you'll find" in response to allegations from Paula Jones. He's saying that was degrading compared to Trump last night. https://t.co/6J5242itQg
RT @mkraju: Flake just told me Trump’s comments last night on Ford would NOT affect his vote. He downplayed Kavanaugh comments about drinki…
Chris Christie says he doesn't think the Trump presidency will ever recover from botched transition period. "I think the president’s administration has never recovered." 		https://t.co/qV3YMMbebU
Sen. Flake tells @mkraju that Don McGahn has been filling him in this week. Says there won't be a vote before the report comes. "That was deal." Adds the cloture vote won't happen before the report.
The White House just announced Sarah Sanders will brief reporters this afternoon. It is the first formal press briefing since September 10, which was the only one for the entire month of September.
RT @jeremyherb: This is a public area. The press is NOT a threat to senators. https://t.co/N59QDieCjV
Kellyanne Conway, while talking about the bombshell New York Times report on Trump's finances: "Haven't they learned that the president always gets the last laugh?"
RT @GarrettHaake: “The President’s comments were just plain wrong.” @SenatorCollins on Trump’s mocking of Dr. Ford last night.
The White House says President Trump has spoken w Indonesian President Joko Widodo. Over 1,000 people are dead after a devastating earthquake and tsunami hit. https://t.co/NBytcZNJQC
Trump just put an ocean of distance between he and Kavanaugh. https://t.co/Rv783vaur0
The White House responds to the devastating New York Times report on Trump family finances, and it sounds like this came straight from POTUS himself... https://t.co/f3Lo4p0RSk
LEAHY: Judge Kavanaugh, I’m trying to get a straight answer from you under oath. Are you Bart Kavanaugh that he’s referring to, yes or no?		KAVANAUGH: You’d have to ask him.		Letter is signed “Bart.” https://t.co/i2p0japj5v
Trump has claimed so often that he received only "a small loan of a million dollars" from his father that my 12-year-old sister cites it often. (Not kidding.) Turns out it's more like $61 million, or $140 million in today’s dollars. https://t.co/PC6D38zU2c
Trump reads the front page of the New York Times every day. I can't imagine what his reaction is going to be when this is splashed across the front. https://t.co/PC6D38zU2c
@jdawsey1 Had the All Star Special for breakfast Saturday. Get one to go.
RT @jeremyherb: Two additional prosecutors leave Mueller's office, per @kpolantz https://t.co/AdQdtSIdWF
Trump isn’t just annoyed with Democrats. He told aides he planned to discard McConnell's advice on how to respond to the allegations from Christine Ford, and in recent days, he’s blamed him for letting the situation get out of hand.  https://t.co/EVfy5zm6PP
Trump’s vision of a justice plucked straight from central casting has been upended by decades-old allegations, another letdown in a nomination process gone awry. Latest inside the West Wing w/ ⁦@Kevinliptakcnn⁩  https://t.co/EVfy5zm6PP
RT @GlennThrush: Bombshell, in a nutshell: A sitting president of the United States enriched himself from what appears to be a massive frau…
"A man emailed recently in response to something I’d written about harassment. He was so glad his daughter never experienced anything like that. Less than a day later, he wrote again. They just talked. She told him she’d been harassed many, many times."	https://t.co/VY7jUJGOai
I think Trump just answered my question from yesterday? “I don’t think you should lie to Congress and there are a lot of people over the past year who have lied to Congress. For me, that would not be acceptable,” he said.
President Trump, who for months has privately voiced suspicion about the Me Too movement, says it’s a very scary time for young men in America. “Now you’re guilty until you’re proven innocent.”
Trump, citing the crowd at his rally in Tennessee last night, calls Brett Kavanaugh “a rallying cry for the Republicans.”
President Trump says he hopes for a Kavanaugh vote by the end of the week, but a lot depends on what the FBI comes back with.
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Ricin detected in mail sent to Pentagon, via @barbarastarrcnn &amp; @rabrowne75 	https://t.co/Chzp2ndvdP
Hmmm. In a new statement, Sen. Lindsey Graham says if Brett Kavanaugh's nomination fails, he would "encourage President Trump to re-nominate Judge Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court." https://t.co/2InioC39Rt
Also shout out to @catherine_lucey for asking Trump this question back in April.
Mark Judge’s lawyer now says his interview has been completed. https://t.co/KaGxGkYUvU
The White House has corrected the transcript from the Rose Garden press conference yesterday. It originally said President Trump told @CeciliaVega she wasn’t “thanking.” It is now reflected to show he said she wasn’t “thinking.” https://t.co/iliSxOIuxi
RT @dougmillsnyt: .@FLOTUS holds a 6month old baby at the Greater Accra Regional Hospital in Accra, Ghana. The First Lady handed out teddy…
Sen. Whitehouse on the Kavanaugh inquiry: “I also think that there's a fairly small universe of witnesses here and a very big FBI, so, yes, I think they probably should be able to get this done by Friday if they really put the effort into it.”
On April 5, when Trump was asked if he knew about the payment, he replied “no.” “You’ll have to ask Michael Cohen. Michael Cohen is my attorney. You’ll have to ask Michael.” https://t.co/L1vNEQXgwC
RT @jaketapper: WSJ: President Trump in February directed a legal effort to silence Stormy Daniels, people familiar with the matter say.  h…
RT @MGMAdvertiser: Ex-Alabama coach Mike DuBose hospitalized after gun accident : https://t.co/yEZ8YHxmsS
The White House argues that questions at events should be focused on the topic at hand. Trump said same today when he asked for trade questions and initially refused Kavanaugh ones. But he was OK w one about building the wall, he just didn’t want to answer ones about Kavanaugh.
Chad Ludington, the Yale classmate who accused Kavanaugh of not being truthful when he described his drinking habits,  says he has been contacted by the FBI.
Tragic. Justin Miller, a 33-year-old veteran, reached out to the Department of Veterans Affairs seeking help for suicidal thoughts, telling responders he had access to firearms. Days later he was found dead from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. 	https://t.co/kRQDUjEzbF
The FBI has interviewed Mark Judge but his lawyer says “his interview has not been completed," per @Arianedevogue.
Ditto. https://t.co/QO9gdFxJMR
Why this matters: A classmate of Kavanaugh’s has accused him of not being truthful about his drinking. Sen. Flake says if he lied his nomination is over. https://t.co/lad9IlCEfk
President Trump says he’s surprised Brett Kavanaugh was so open about his difficulty with drinking. But Kavanaugh actually sought to downplay concerns about his consumption, even turning questions about whether he’s ever blacked out back on Sen. Klobuchar. (He later apologized.)
Trump says there were a lot of stories published about his tense relationship with Canadian PM Justin Trudeau. Trump said last week he rejected a meeting w him over the trade dispute, adding he simply didn’t like their trade rep.
@ZekeJMiller Just had that thought.
President Trump wants to distance the revised NAFTA deal from NAFTA as much as possible. He says 99 percent of people will know the new agreement as USMCA. “It just works.” (There are certainly different provisions in this, but it’s the same three countries involved.)
President Trump welcomes the crowd in the Rose Garden to Washington. “Some people say the swamp, but I will not say that.”
RT @Arianedevogue: The justices have all shifted their seats at Scotus now with Kennedy’s retirement. They sit in order of seniority with t…
https://t.co/dgFD3mH4Iu
RT @mkraju: Senate Judiciary releases transcript of interview with Kavanaugh where he denies the allegations made by Julie Swetnick, who su…
RT @jeffzeleny: CNN has learned the FBI spoke with Deborah Ramirez on Sunday according to a source familiar with the interview, @Arianedevo…
❤️ https://t.co/q7uFEaOlps
I think we’re gonna win today, y’all.
RT @AlabamaFTBL: That was Alabama’s first punt return for a TD since Eddie Jackson went 79 yards in Knoxville vs. Tennessee in 2016!		#ToTh…
It’s official. https://t.co/PXeWaBcHtM
Probably what a lot of Rs are thinking right now. https://t.co/0fdd99D9Og
RT @SenatorCollins: I support this sensible agreement. https://t.co/5QtenWGGqb
But when he was asked by @acosta if he’s considered a replacement for Kavanaugh, Trump says no, not even a little bit. (Aides quietly have.) https://t.co/dg6By3hAr9
Wow. Trump on Christine Blasey Ford: “I thought her testimony was very compelling. She looks like a very fine woman to me. A very fine woman. It was an incredible moment in the history of our country. Certainly she was a very credible witness...”
After Sen. Flake called for an FBI investigation before the final vote on Brett Kavanaugh, Sen. Lindsey Graham jokes, “Somebody’s gotta explain this to Trump. I guess that will be my job.”
RT @jeffzeleny: We just asked President Trump how the nomination is looking. He said “hopefully good.” He did not answer questions about @J…
RT @ShimonPro: !!! 	Serious conversations are underway about how and whether a brief additional investigation could be done by the FBI and…
RT @frankthorp: NEW: @SenatorTester a NO on Kavanaugh: https://t.co/1ELxYgHERd
RT @AmandaBecker: Senator Flake, who has said this morning he's a YES on #Kavanaugh , just tapped Senators Klobuchar and Coons on shoulders…
RT @Phil_Mattingly: !! Sen. Joe Donnelly is a NO on Kavanaugh
This video. https://t.co/T5NzZU0J9O
Sen. Murkowski: “I'm going to go home, have dinner and have a chance to think about all that's gone on today.”
Some White House folks made this point today. They want to see how the coverage plays out. https://t.co/Yt2j0eMt5H
White House officials were openly complaining about Rachel Mitchell, the female prosecutor brought in to ask questions today, saying she was unable to effectively point out their perceived holes in Ford's account.		https://t.co/wqip19xa3V
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Susan Collins, Lisa Murkowski, Jeff Flake and Joe Manchin are all meeting NOW before the GOP conference meeting, per @t…
Kavanaugh says he didn’t watch Ford’s testimony.
As Sen. Kamala Harris questions Judge Brett Kavanaugh, President Trump — who has been watching closely — prepares to leave the White House for a dinner and roundtable with supporters in Washington tonight.
RT @jdawsey1: Cory Booker kept saying he was going to ask a question but he didn't ask a question.
Republicans are zeroing in on the process and precedent this is setting, targeting Feinstein repeatedly. Democrats are focused on Kavanaugh’s drinking habits, how often he blacked out, etc. When was the last time the alleged assault of Ford was even mentioned?
Several White House officials were deeply concerned after Ford testified. They saw it as believable and credible. But they feel back on track after Kavanaugh’s opening statement, which hit the mark in their eyes. Now to see how the questioning goes....
Upon return from the break, Judge Kavanaugh apologizes to Sen. Klobuchar for asking her if she’s ever blacked out after she asked him if he has. Pretty cringe-worthy moment given she just talked about her father, an alcoholic who still attends AA in his old age.
RT @BretBaier: It appears Ms Mitchell is no longer questioning -after Lindsay Graham’s blistering  -explosion of passion about the process-…
President Trump is still watching all this from the White House residence, as one of his biggest allies on Capitol Hill just unloaded on Democrats, a performance he will surely be pleased with.
RT @mkraju: Kavanaugh says repeatedly under oath he welcomes reopening FBI background check, but White House has resisted it and Republican…
RT @jdawsey1: Brett Kavanaugh says he was never in a room alone with Dr. Ford &amp; never tried to remove Dr. Ford's clothes, never ground his…
RT @jaketapper: Kavanaugh's opening statement was approx. 45 minutes.
RT @shearm: In a city where true emotion is often completely covered over by political artifice, the testimony of Dr. Blasey Ford and Brett…
RT @AshleyRParker: Trump allies were worried about the choirboy defense. Now Kavanaugh is backing away from that, a bit. "I drank beer with…
RT @jaketapper: "Again I am not questioning that Dr. Ford may have been sexually assaulted by some person in some place at some time," Kava…
Judge Kavanaugh becomes emotional when he brings up how his ten-year-old daughter suggested praying for "the woman," meaning Christine Blasey Ford, the other night. His wife puts her hand over her face.
Kavanaugh: "You may defeat me in the vote, but you'll never get me to quit. Never."
RT @jaketapper: Kavanaugh: “this confirmation process has become a national disgrace.”
Kavanaugh is fuming, and seems to be taking Trump's advice to be aggressive and forceful while pushing back on the allegations. His wife Ashley is sitting behind him, and her chin is quivering.
Judge Kavanaugh says only one person has seen a draft of the opening statement he's about to deliver, which he wrote himself.
An irritated Sen. Lindsey Graham says he doesn't know who paid for the polygraph. Christine Blasey Ford's attorneys said, pretty plainly, that they did.
"The power of the moment, the reason people cried in airplanes &amp; called into C-SPAN to tell their own stories, was in seeing Ford tell a story of private pain before a massive audience. It was to see her speak, without knowing yet who would believe her."	https://t.co/FEtPuG2pen
Sen. Orrin Hatch says it’s too early to say if Ford is credible.	 	“I don’t think she’s uncredible. I think she an attractive, good witness,” he said.	 	Asked by @ElizLanders what he meant by “attractive,” he said, “In other words, she’s pleasing.”
The White House is clearing schedules today for Ford-Kavanaugh hearing. Sanders just announced Trump and Rosenstein have agreed to meet next week so they don't "interfere with the hearing.” Pence has nothing public either bc aides said they don't want to distract from hearing.
Ford said she flew to Washington for this hearing. https://t.co/ObhstCPdcn
RT @maassp: Christine Blasey Ford said that a few weeks after Brett Kavanaugh assaulted her, she encountered Mark Judge at the Potomac Vill…
Pool says Sarah Sanders came back to the press cabin during the flight to say that the president was watching Ford’s testimony on Air Force One on a bit of a delay.
RT @AshleyRParker: What Dr. Christine Blasey Ford says is her indelible memory of her alleged assault -- 	"the uproarious laughter."  "They…
RT @maggieNYT: Leahy says the man who Ed Whelan floated as the “real” perpetrator of the attack on Ford has sent a letter to the SJC veheme…
RT @NorahODonnell: So this could not be a case of mistaken identity? -@SenFeinstein 		“Absolutely not.” – Dr. Ford
RT @jdawsey1: Here's our story on Rachel Mitchell, the prosecutor leading the questioning of Dr. Christine Blasey Ford: https://t.co/3NLNqn…
Reminder that abuse victims or anyone struggling with sexual violence can find help by calling the National Sexual Assault Hotline at 800-656-4673.
Christine Blasey Ford, in her own words, on the accusation that this is politically motivated: "I am an independent person, and I am no one's pawn."
RT @MCJalonick: Republicans listen to Ford speak. https://t.co/Gz5ibXcAog
Ford says she didn't want to tell her parents she had been in a house drinking with boys, without parents. "I was too afraid and ashamed to tell anyone these details...I convinced myself that because Brett did not rape me, I should just move on and pretend it did not happen."
RT @jeffzeleny: Christine Blasey Ford asks for caffeine after her opening statement. https://t.co/0dPZT65jA1
Trump and Pence have both phoned Kavanaugh to voice their support ahead of today's hearing. Trump had a message for Kavanaugh, per a person familiar with the call: Be aggressive and forceful in your denials. Don't be afraid to push back on these allegations.
What happens today will be talked about for a long time to come. Recall that Anita Hill was mentioned in the obituaries of the senators who questioned her aggressively 27 years ago.
RT @markknoller: .@KellyannePolls says @POTUS meeting with Deputy AG Rod Rosenstein is still scheduled for today - but if it needs to get p…
RT @bykowicz: Special counsels, they’re just like us.	Robert Mueller gets a little Apple tech support, via ⁦@playbookplus⁩ https://t.co/PoC…
RT @rebeccaballhaus: New: A decade ago, Julie Swetnick made a sexual harassment complaint against her former employer, New York Life Insura…
RT @llerer: “Everybody shut up. I’m not in a good mood."	Senator Orrin Hatch, a soft-spoken 84-year-old Mormon, is generally the kind of gu…
(He didn’t say he wanted to hear from Moore’s accusers. I mean the distancing aspect.)
Trump has set himself up perfectly to have it both ways w Kavanaugh. If he looks good tomorrow, Trump says he stood firm and defended him. If it goes poorly and is clear he ain’t got the votes, Trump said he could be persuaded and wanted to hear from the woman. A la Roy Moore.
RT @MichaelCBender: "I can be convinced of anything."—President Trump, just now
RT @costareports: key line from Corker: "like I would guess at least half of our caucus is doing" 		I've been hearing from top GOP senators…
Trump says he wasn’t being laughed at by the audience during his UN speech when he said his administration had accomplished more than any other. “They weren’t laughing at me. We had fun. We were doing it together.”
RT @grayjustin: Meanwhile, my friend spotted Robert Mueller getting help with his laptop at the Apple Genius Bar in Georgetown today. Hopef…
Whoa. Trump openly admits he rejected a meeting with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to talk trade. “We don’t like their representative.”
Trump draws comparison between the sexual assault allegations against his Supreme Court nominee and the Russia investigation.
RT @AP: BREAKING: Trump: I would "certainly prefer not" to fire Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein, may delay meeting with him.
RT @peterbakernyt: Trump says Pompeo reassured him that he was performing fine. “That’s not the 25th Amendment I’m looking at,” he quotes P…
Trump says he will likely delay his meeting with Rosenstein so he can focus on Kavanaugh tomorrow.
Trump says what’s been reported all week about how the sexual assault allegations against him factor into his response on Kavanaugh. “Does it affect me in terms of my thinking with respect to Judge Kavanaugh? Absolutely.”
“I was accused by, I believe it was 4 women....who got paid a lot of money to make up stories about me,” Trump says. (At least 17 women have accused Trump of sexual assault.) “They made false statements about me.”
RT @JonLemire: Trump wonders if George Washington had trouble in his past
Trump adds: “It’s possible they will be convincing...I have to hear it.” (Brett Kavanaugh, call your office.) https://t.co/fYjGJCT1fY
Trump says all the women accusing Kavanaugh should be able to speak. “I can be persuaded also,” Trump says.
Trump won’t answer if he thinks these women are lying, but this says what he thinks. https://t.co/OVJswdnSfA
“A big fat con job,” Trump says.
Kavanaugh put out “twilight zone” statement today denying allegations because he heard Trump and other senior aides thought he needed to be more forceful and less measured in his denials, per person familiar with drafting of it.
RT @pdoocy: the hot seat awaits Brett Kavanaugh and Christine Blasey Ford in Dirksen 226. 18 hours to go https://t.co/MGEoambED8
The White House is not getting cold feet about this nomination. Pence told Rs today that they support both Kavanaugh and the process playing out. He said he's confident the hearing will be fair, but added somewhat tellingly that he looks forward to the process moving forward.
RT @KristenhCNN: Swing vote GOP Sen. Collins to @tedbarrettcnn on new accusations:  "...obviously I take it seriously and believe that it s…
Asked directly if he believes the three woman who have accused Brett Kavanaugh are lying, Trump says: “What’s your next question?”
President Trump is now going off about Michael Avenatti while seated next to the prime minister of Japan. “I think people are seeing what a disgrace these Democrat senators are. The good news is the public is very smart, and they get it.”
RT @jaketapper: Kavanaugh attorney Beth Wilkinson tells @wolfblitzer that Kavanaugh is NOT going to withdraw his nomination, &amp; will continu…
Kavanaugh’s lawyer is on CNN right now being interviewed by  @wolfblitzer. She says the Me Too movement is one of the few good things to happen in this country lately, but that it’s important for those accused to be able to defend themselves. “He is a human being. So is she.”
Tomorrow Judge Kavanaugh will say: "I said and did things in high school that make me cringe now. But that's not why we are here today. What I've been accused of is far more serious than juvenile misbehavior. I never did anything remotely resembling..." 	https://t.co/03VSl8EV8O https://t.co/OHgjDexufW
@jimantle @CamEdwards Yes.
Sen. Lindsey Graham in a new statement: "If Republicans bail out on this good man because of the smears and character assassination perpetrated by Michael Avenatti, we deserve our fate.”
RT @politicoalex: On WH conference call for political supporters right now, spokeswoman says Dems are engaging in "Joe McCarthy" tactics
I'm not saying they aren't all denials. They are. Obviously. I'm saying he the tone has shifted from measured last week to calling them "the Twilight Zone" today.
How Judge Kavanaugh’s responses have shifted as more accusers have come forward: https://t.co/4EmDv7QigR
Brett Kavanaugh responds to third accuser: "This is ridiculous and from the Twilight Zone.  I don’t know who this is and this never happened.” https://t.co/XLrQTKaon2
As Trump accuses China interfering in the midterms to damage him politically because of his trade stance, remember this: Farmers across the U.S. will soon receive government $ as part of a bailout to help those struggling bc of his trade dispute w China.	https://t.co/VbF5c3iMbo
After he accused China of attempting to interfere in the midterm elections, President Trump says there's ample evidence they want to see him lose. "First time ever they’ve been confronted on trade," Trump said today. "They can’t get involved."
Trump's ardent defense of Kavanaugh goes far beyond his belief that he's innocent. The two aren't close. But he's said he believes this just another avenue for Democrats to obstruct his agenda. 	https://t.co/6QWlieElKH
Trump has grown increasingly dissatisfied with the way Kavanaugh has defended himself, leading him to believe he must personally take charge of defending his embattled nominee, including deciding to hold a press conference. The latest from the CNN team —  https://t.co/6QWlieElKH
Herman Cain was forced to end his presidential campaign when he was accused of sexually harassing employees, which he denied. https://t.co/JHJVH0DxMb
RT @SarahMMimms: Grassley's office: "This morning Michael Avenatti provided a declaration to the Judiciary Committee.  Committee lawyers ar…
McMaster: "I know about that incident and that was wholly appropriate for Gary Cohn, who was a wonderful public servant and a great colleague, to do.”  https://t.co/YrGyND1S9E
President Trump says Senate Republicans could not be nicer or more respectful regarding the Kavanaugh allegations. “Certainly could not be more respectful to the woman.”
Adela Gildo-Mazzon says Christine Blasey Ford told her about the alleged assault in June 2013. Keith Koegler says she told him in 2016. Rebecca White says she told her in 2017. Her husband says she told him details in 2012.  https://t.co/7xpHAh3pYu
“It can put out a smokescreen, fire tear gas, and lay down an oil slick to send vehicles chasing it out of control. Even the door handles can be electrified to shock those who might try to get inside.”  https://t.co/3nmN9siWJG
@jdawsey1 “C-O-N”
RT @gelles: JUST IN: Senate Judiciary Committee will vote on the Kavanaugh nomination at 9:30am on Friday
RT @idreesali114: "I'm so happy to be out of Washington D.C. right now I could cry," U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis says during a speech…
Asked about how his speech at the UN General Assembly prompted laughter today, Trump says, "Oh it was great. Well that was meant to get some laughter, but it was great." The line he says was meant to be funny: https://t.co/L9Wz6wA1im
Though aides have tried to keep Trump's focus on diplomatic situations this week, he paused before his meeting with the Colombian president to deliver a broadside against Deborah Ramirez, looking at Iván Duque &amp; saying, "You must say, How's this possible?"	https://t.co/swIG3wgxkU
RT @ShimonPro: Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley confirmed that the committee has hired an outside counsel to question Christine Bla…
Per pooler @albamonica, a Diet Coke was just ceremoniously placed and poured where President Trump will be seated during the United Nations working lunch. The rest of the table has red wine.
Trump: “The second accuser has nothing... She admits that she was drunk...You know I said something this morning: he has a chance to be one of the greatest justices ever in the United States Supreme Court. What a shame.” https://t.co/Qkl4qnZz8n
Trump blasts Kavanaugh accuser Deborah Ramirez: "She said well it might not be him, and there were gaps, and said she was totally inebriated, and all messed up and she doesn’t know it was him...This is a con game being played by the Democrats."
The Trump administration imposed sanctions on Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro's wife and three other members of his inner circle. https://t.co/o3af3I0kGw
What Rosenstein feared: https://t.co/TwLxzHKYRu
RT @ZekeJMiller: Trump says his admin "accomplished more than almost any administration in the history of our country...So true." [Audience…
Still my favorite tweet. https://t.co/a4c5IHrGmo
Trump: “I’m meeting with Rod Rosenstein Thursday. And today I’m doing other things.”
Sarah Sanders doesn’t answer if Trump wants to keep Rod Rosenstein as the deputy attorney general, or if he’ll fire him if he refuses to resign. She says wait for the conversation Thursday, but adds they had a good, long talk yesterday.
Sarah Sanders says the White House would be open to having Deborah Ramirez testify Thursday. https://t.co/7st4czvlOq
RT @maggieNYT: https://t.co/pKlNMPujPM https://t.co/yK43AgxzuS
RT @PhilipRucker: WaPo’s @Gabriel_Pogrund found Mark Judge holed up in Bethany Beach, Del. He declined comment. His lawyer said he’s a reco…
RT @ddale8: The full clip, just aired, puts the “virgin” remarks in a clearer context: Kavanaugh was asked if he had a role in any gang rap…
Kavanaugh says Trump called him this afternoon to tell him he’s going to stand by him. “I know he’s going to stand by me,” Kavanaugh said.
Brett Kavanaugh begins to sound emotional during his interview with @marthamaccallum. “I know I’m telling the truth. I know my lifelong record...America is about fairness, and hearing from both sides. I didn’t do this, or anything resembling this. It’s wrong.”
Brett Kavanaugh to Fox News: The truth is I've never sexually assaulted anyone in high school or otherwise. I'm not questioning and have not questioned that perhaps Dr. Ford was sexually assaulted by someone in some place. But what I know is I've never sexually assaulted anyone.
RT @grynbaum: In new excerpt from Fox interview, Kavanaugh says he was a virgin in high school and "many years thereafter."
Thank you for explaining the First Amendment to me, a reporter. Kavanaugh can do as many interviews as he wishes. So can his accuser. I am simply pointing out that he is going on television, while she (so far) has not. Your innuendo is unfounded, Matt. https://t.co/F8uSYvabUO
Rosenstein offered his resignation to Kelly Friday, which Kelly told people he accepted. Why the offer to quit? @LauraAJarrett and I are told he overestimated how angry Trump would be re: NYT story. Trump asked if he should fire him, but was wary bc info came from McCabe memos.
This....isn’t me attacking him? Just pointing out a fact — he’s telling his story twice this week. https://t.co/38iQjgMOwA
Senate Republicans argued Kavanaugh shouldn’t testify first, that Ford should since she’s the one who made the allegation. Now Kavanaugh has the chance to tell his story twice — on Fox tonight and again under oath Thursday. Ford says she’s denied multiple interview requests.
Has any other nominee ever done this? https://t.co/M4c7XXAhUJ
RT @betsy_klein: Trump on Kavanaugh: “He’s a fine, fine man, a great scholar, great at everything he’s ever done and it would be sad indeed…
RT @peterbakernyt: Kavanaugh and his wife Ashley sat for an interview with @marthamaccallum that will air on Fox News tonight at 7 p.m.
Geraldo Riva interviewed Trump yesterday. It aired today. Asked about Rosenstein, Trump said, "Well I think it's a very sad story. And, people are obviously -- we are looking into it but it's a very sad state of affairs when something like that can happen."
NEW White House statement on Rosenstein, per @Kevinliptakcnn — Trump and Rosenstein to meet Thursday. https://t.co/yB5cVNT3hQ
Something fun to think about while we wait — if Rosenstein is fired or resigns, Solicitor General Noel Francisco would become acting attorney general for purposes of overseeing the Russia investigation. Guess who was considered for that job? Kellyanne’s husband, George Conway.
Yes, things between Trump and Rosenstein have been really bad. In April, he was publicly telling anyone who would listen that he wanted to fire him, that he was weak and not on his team. But there had been a shift in recent months — no tweets, fewer private complaints, etc.
John Kelly, who just met with Rod Rosenstein, told associates this morning that Rosenstein offered his resignation last week.
@Mikel_Jollett I'm sure he offered to resign to the chief of staff.
While Rod Rosenstein and the bombshell NYT story were at the center of conversations among senior White House staff this weekend, President Trump was much more preoccupied with Brett Kavanaugh, I'm told.
Rod Rosenstein is set to meet with John Kelly at the White House soon. Kelly stayed back in Washington while most senior staff are at the United Nations meeting in New York.
A senior official confirms Rod Rosenstein has resigned to John Kelly.
Axios says Rosenstein is stepping down.  https://t.co/ltOXohqduq
Jeff Sessions, mid-deviled egg at an Auburn tailgate, says there are “a lot of contentious issues involving the Department of Justice. It’s just a bottomless pit of things to do. We’re tying to affirm the rule of law...”  https://t.co/EkDjYYt38T
President Trump says he's with Judge Kavanaugh, adding, "There's a chance this could be one of the single most unfair, unjust things to happen to a candidate for anything. But I am with Judge Kavanaugh and I look forward to a vote." Calls allegations "totally political."
RT @ZekeJMiller: UNITED NATIONS (AP) — Trump says allegations against Kavanaugh 'totally political,' says 'I am with him all the way'
“This is starting to feel like a vast, left-wing conspiracy,” Kellyanne Conway tells CBS regarding the latest allegation against Kavanaugh. She points out what the White House did overnight — how the NYT says it was unable to find people who corroborated Deborah Ramirez’s story. https://t.co/ClTDXwHYhD
The White House just sent out this sheet attempting to cast doubt on the most recent story in the New Yorker that accuses Brett Kavanaugh of sexual misconduct. https://t.co/D8KXHjGrhA
No indication Trump has considered withdrawing it. But people close to him are confident he can nominate someone else and have them confirmed soon. One name resurrected inside the West Wing in recent days? Amy Coney Barrett, who was a leading contender alongside Kavanaugh. https://t.co/am6B403z65
Senior White House officials expressed concern last week that a second Kavanaugh accuser would emerge. At least 3 said they were confident he would be confirmed, but all included caveat that was unless another woman came forward, believing a second accuser could derail the nom.
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Senate Judiciary Committee Republicans respond to Christine Blasey Ford’s legal team - hearing will be Thursday, schedu…
RT @GeraldoRivera: We'll shortly be releasing clips from the interview in which @POTUS calls the controversy surrounding #RodRosenstein "a…
.@ESPN_ReceDavis just said he would compare Florida State’s football team to a dumpster fire but that would be an insult to dumpster fires, which still have the flicker of a flame. I’m dead 😂
Trump is on Air Force One right now, likely watching Fox News, and Sean Hannity just said, “I have a message for the president tonight. Under zero circumstances should the president fire anybody.” He said he thinks this is a set up.
RT @jaketapper: Ford's lawyer asks for additional day to decide on Senate Judiciary Committee testimony @CNN https://t.co/4enulccY7u
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Christine Blasey Ford’s attorney responds to Senate Judiciary Chair Grassley’s deadline: “Our modest request is that sh…
Rosenstein issues new statement, despite saying earlier: “I will not further comment on a story based on anonymous sources who are obviously biased against the Department...” https://t.co/HnSec8Dkgg
The deputy attorney general knows he’s working for a president who pays close attention to denials &gt; https://t.co/HnSec8Dkgg
Trump says “we have to fight” for Brett Kavanaugh. “Not worried about the other side," he added. "And by the way, women are for that more than anyone would understand." That’s as close as he’s gotten to mentioning the allegations against Kavanaugh tonight.
President Trump says there are some great people in the Justice Department, but also some real bad ones, who are now long gone. "There’s a lingering stench and we’re going to get rid of that, too," he says.
In Missouri, President Trump hails Brett Kavanaugh as a fantastic man. "You talk about central casting, he was born for the U.S. Supreme Court. And it's going to happen."
Oh. https://t.co/OUoa4vhDND
Nope https://t.co/f4y9NT9D9W
The White House, which hasn't responded to reports that the deputy attorney general discussed secretly recording the president and possibly forcibly removing him from office, just announced Trump will have dinner with Prime Minister Abe in New York next week.
RT @mkraju: Grassley: “I’m providing a notice of a vote to occur Monday in the event that Dr. Ford’s attorneys don’t respond or Dr. Ford de…
RT @JosiahRyan: President Trump unleashed today on Kavanaugh accuser, Christine Blasey Ford, after days of uncharacteristic restraint: @kai…
Heading into the arena for President Trump’s rally in Springfield, Missouri tonight. A man waiting in line right outside the doors told me he’s been here since 9 p.m. last night, despite the on and off drizzle.
Paging John Kelly......"White House officials never checked his phone when he arrived for meetings there, Mr. Rosenstein added, implying it would be easy to secretly record Mr. Trump." https://t.co/Uwuj9slR4X
Jesus. "Mr. Rosenstein then raised the idea of wearing a recording device or 'wire,' as he put it, to secretly tape the president when he visited the White House. One participant asked whether Rosenstein was serious, and he replied animatedly that he was." https://t.co/Uwuj9slR4X
https://t.co/Uwuj9slR4X
RT @yashar: NEW:  John Dowd sought to help pay legal fees for Paul Manafort and Richard Gates, initially trying to divert money from the Wh…
@atrupar Things change quickly in this White House. That doesn’t mean you shouldn’t report what’s true on Thursday on the chance Trump changes his mind on Friday. Nothing would ever get reported then.
@atrupar Luckily people are a lot smarter than you're giving them credit for, and likely read the first four graphs. https://t.co/7WTBW3cAOl
@atrupar But it wasn't predictable that it would be several days before he did. Are you saying I shouldn't have reported that aides were surprised it took so long? Because "officials stunned it took so long for their boss to attack a sexual assault accuser" sounds like a story to me.
How things change in 24 hours: Yesterday, WH officials were pleased Trump had restrained himself from attacking Ford, feeling confident she wouldn’t testify and Kavanaugh was back on track for confirmation. Today, he’s on the attack and negotiations are underway for her to speak.
@atrupar They were surprised. They didn't say it would last.
RT @Phil_Mattingly: McConnell, at the Values Voter Summit: “President Trump has nominated a stunningly successful individual. You watch the…
RT @WritingWalsh: Alabama coach Nick Saban told  ESPN that he plans to continue using both quarterbacks for the remainder of the season: ht…
“Aides stunned by Trump’s respectful handling of Kavanaugh accuser.” 24 hours ago. https://t.co/physVxLoTC
But, to be clear, White House officials have echoed what the president is now saying publicly for days. Why didn’t she come forward before, it’s the Democrats who are to blame, Kavanaugh has impeccable credentials, etc. https://t.co/9xuRuurcsJ
The tweet White House aides have feared all week gets posted. https://t.co/GwAJ0FRP8J
It’s 6 a.m. in Vegas. https://t.co/8Jw6OdK5ET
@RayOnTheGo @realDonaldTrump He’s actually in Vegas so we might be on a bit of a delay today thanks to the time difference.
RT @AshleyRParker: Some brief anecdotal scene from the Trump rally here in Las Vegas: One woman drove in from San Diego. Another drove 16 h…
RT @jeffzeleny: “We stand behind Judge Kavanaugh 100 percent,” Bill Shine, deputy WH chief of staff for communications, told us a few minut…
Both Brett Kavanaugh and Christine Blasey Ford have received a slew of death threats in recent days, CNN has learned, including Kavanaugh’s wife receiving emails saying, “F*** you and your rapist husband.”  https://t.co/dLwfdEhtJz
Trump and Kavanaugh aren't personally close. He's defended him, but has told people Kavanaugh has to fight his own fight here. Those close to Trump say his restrained response is due in part because the allegation has nothing to do with him. https://t.co/physVxLoTC
Trump has been boasting about the positive coverage he's received for his response to the Kavanaugh allegations. People close to him say the good press has encouraged him to continuing saying Christine Blasey Ford should come forward with her story. https://t.co/physVxLoTC
Not sure this is the support Brett Kavanaugh wants.	https://t.co/zhuVuefFBW
One nation, covered in ranch, with dip for all. https://t.co/zqfJdymLVR
RT @betsy_klein: Trump questioned his Christianity, insulted his wife's appearance, suggested his father was involved with President John F…
Judge Brett Kavanaugh arrived at the White House at 9:39 this morning, per @abdallahcnn. He was accompanied by an aide and carried a bag. We reported yesterday that he’s continuing with his prep sessions, despite questions about whether Christine Blasey Ford will testify Monday.
RT @Phil_Mattingly: .@clairecmc is officially a “NO” on the Kavanaugh nomination
According to a senior State Department official, Secretary Pompeo is a stickler for proper punctuation, which has prompted his staff to send out guidance emails for when (and when not) to use them. https://t.co/cDnfZnEKDC
President Trump to a room full of officials in South Carolina: "Anything you need, you know how to call me...."
Two mental-health patients in sheriff’s van drown in S.C. floodwaters. The deputies driving the van survived. https://t.co/tWWmNqk3rp
Sen. Susan Collins, who would be a crucial vote for Kavanaugh, pushes back on Christine Blasey Ford's request for an FBI investigation before a hearing. "I think it's not fair for Judge Kavanaugh for her not to come forward and testify."
President Trump just landed in South Carolina, where he is continuing to tour storm damage from Hurricane Florence.
A woman jogging in the Logan Circle neighborhood in Northwest Washington was fatally stabbed Tuesday evening in what police said was probably a random attack.	https://t.co/3kg94H79vr
Sarah Sanders says Trump spoke to Canadian Prime Minister Trudeau last night. "The Prime Minister expressed his sympathies for the lives lost due to Hurricane Florence, and the two leaders discussed trade.”
RT @markknoller: Pres touring neighborhood in New Bern, NC, (1223pm), talking with residents about the damage to their homes. https://t.co/…
Trump with a little bit of a slip of the tongue this morning — referring to Brett Kavanaugh as “Justice,” even though his confirmation is still an open question. https://t.co/Jyo5PeDxuq
"I can't tell you why..." https://t.co/AxdRoHiv6p
Amid questions about whether a public hearing will still happen if Christine Blasey Ford doesn’t show, Brett Kavanaugh is continuing with White House prep sessions today. He's had multiple, lengthy ones in recent days where he's recounted his teen years, dating life to staff.
@joshgreenman She says she reached out to a “local government representative," then wrote a letter to Feinstein at the end of July. https://t.co/xAkm8ejwWf
Christine Blasey Ford contacted her state's senator, emailed the Washington Post tip line, took a polygraph and, once it leaked, went public with her story. What other avenue would people have preferred for her to make this allegation, besides not at all?
Trump this morning on the accuser: "Look, if she shows up and makes a credible showing, that'll be very interesting, and we'll have to make a decision, but I can only say this — he is such an outstanding man, very hard for me to imagine anything happened."
Trump says he isn't worried about Paul Manafort. "As long as he tells the truth... I believe that he will tell the truth."
Trump is making pretty clear this morning he doesn't plan to ask the FBI to investigate the Kavanaugh allegation, instead saying let the senators handle it.
What's happening here is a former classmate of Brett Kavanaugh's — who signed a letter this summer testifying to his character — is preempting being publicly named as someone who was at the party by sending a letter to Grassley and Feinstein. 	https://t.co/IVI0BGaPRH
Trump claims “a lot of people” have asked him to fire Sessions, but declines to name any. “My worst enemies...people that, you know, are on the other side of me, in a lot of ways including politically, have said that was a very unfair thing he did.”	 https://t.co/jvEQktOM0h
RT @kaitlancollins: Patrick J. Smyth graduated from Georgetown Prep the same year as Kavanaugh. He tells Grassley and Feinstein he believes…
Patrick J. Smyth graduated from Georgetown Prep the same year as Kavanaugh. He tells Grassley and Feinstein he believes he was "identified by Christine Blasey Ford" as someone who attended the party in question. But Ford hasn't publicly identified him.	https://t.co/IVI0BGaPRH
News — In a letter to the Senate Judiciary Committee, another former classmate of Brett Kavanaugh's denies attending a party like the one described in the allegation made by Christine Blasey Ford. https://t.co/IVI0BGaPRH
Isn't this his first tweet about the Kavanaugh allegations? https://t.co/BqzMRkfZHt
Grassley makes clear he isn't open to moving the hearing date, noting, "The invitation for Monday still stands." https://t.co/UykvTGZ8df
Grassley responds to Kavanaugh accuser's request: "Dr. Ford’s testimony would reflect her personal knowledge and memory of events. Nothing the FBI or any other investigator does would have any bearing on what Dr. Ford tells the committee, so there is no reason for further delay.” https://t.co/2zaB2Z2WMc
Hatch said today he doubted he would even ask Christine Blasey Ford a question during the hearing Monday. “If I feel like it I will.” https://t.co/2eLdfynVYk
The Senate Judiciary Committee is denying that they asked Christine Blasey Ford to sit at the same table as Brett Kavanaugh during the hearing, as her lawyers alleged in the letter sent to Grassley.
White House officials were worried about Christine Blasey Ford's testimony Monday, fearing she could come off as credible and convince Murkowski and Collins, two crucial votes they desperately need, to vote against Kavanaugh. They will likely be pleased w latest development.
In the letter to the Senate Judiciary Committee, Christine Blasey Ford’s lawyers say that, since her allegation became public, her email was hacked and she was impersonated online.
The White House's argument against FBI investigation is that it's not for them to investigate, that the Senate can conduct its own investigations. A DOJ official said allegation against Kavanaugh doesn't involve a potential crime, so they only provide info to "decision makers."
Anderson Cooper is interviewing Christine Blasey Ford’s attorney right now. She said her client is willing to speak to the committee, but not give her testimony until there’s been an investigation.
Breaking on CNN right now — the Kavanaugh accuser says the FBI should investigate the incident before senators hold a hearing on the allegations. https://t.co/TJbCVb5MuX
RT @mkraju: According to Feinstein’s office, neither she nor her staff have been in touch with Ford or her attorney since the hearing was a…
RT @GarrettVentry: Chairman Grassley condemns these threats toward Dr. Blasey. He looks forward to a fair, respectful, and thorough hearing…
"Dr. Blasey, who has two teenagers, has moved out of her house, is arranging for private security for herself and her family, and is effectively in hiding, the person said." 	https://t.co/q6D7JxwH6o
George W. Bush defends Brett Kavanaugh as "a fine husband, father and friend." 	https://t.co/mIIMOjjBvc
Asked by @barbarastarrcnn if he ever thinks about leaving, Defense Secretary James Mattis grins and says, “Of course I don’t think about leaving. I love it here. I’m thinking about retiring here, getting a little place by the Potomac.”
The letter from Mark Judge's lawyer to the Senate Judiciary. Christine Blasey Ford alleges he was the other guy in the room during the alleged assault. "I have no memory of this alleged incident," he writes, adding, "I do not wish to speak publicly." https://t.co/9KRORlxBgb https://t.co/1MUye6PazI
Trump doesn’t mention Christine Blasey Ford’s name. Instead he says “the woman” should “come forward and state her case.” https://t.co/3yZytEd42Q
President Trump voices sympathy for Brett Kavanaugh, saying he feels badly for his family, and cites that the allegations made against him are decades old.
President Trump says he still hasn't spoken to Judge Kavanaugh.
Ten trillion gallons of rain.  https://t.co/t2PLbVRPFU
Brett Kavanaugh has been at the White House for almost nine hours today, @jeffzeleny points out.
“Taken together, it means roughly half of the products that China sells to the United States each year will be hit by American tariffs.”  https://t.co/YqJmnPrdmc
There will be hearings for both Judge Kavanaugh and Christine Blasey Ford on Monday, I'm told.
White House issues new statement: "Judge Kavanaugh looks forward to a hearing where he can clear his name of this false allegation. He stands ready to testify tomorrow if the Senate is ready to hear him.”
"In addition, President Donald J. Trump has directed the Department of Justice (including the FBI) to publicly release all text messages relating to the Russia investigation, without redaction, of James Comey, Andrew McCabe, Peter Strzok, Lisa Page, and Bruce Ohr." https://t.co/ve6BqvS93v
Sen. Susan Collins is asked if she believes the woman who has accused Kavanaugh of sexual assault. "I don't know enough about Dr. Ford and her allegations yet to reach that kind of judgement."
According to this New Yorker profile of Sarah Sanders, Bill Shine once suggested during briefing prep that she bring up LeBron's $153 million contract to prove the economy is doing well under President Trump..........................	https://t.co/fYNHFivezP https://t.co/vQlYXJ5btN
Trump says Judge Kavanaugh is one of the finest people he's ever known. "Never even had a little blemish on his record," Trump says, noting the FBI has vetted him multiple times. He asks why Sen. Feinstein didn't bring up the allegation with Kavanaugh during their meeting.
President Trump tells pool reporters he hasn't spoken to Brett Kavanaugh, but says the idea that he might withdraw his nomination is ridiculous.
Representative Chris Collins, the New York Republican indicted on insider trading charges last month, reversed course on Monday and planned to announce he would seek another term. 	https://t.co/7FTbQUeRIE
Collins speaks &gt;&gt;&gt; https://t.co/9TzibULaxw
Trump and Kavanaugh aren't scheduled to meet today, I'm told. https://t.co/upFnAfXCDv
Regarding Kavanaugh, Trump is annoyed because he feels that his nominee's name is being run through the mud by old allegations. He's previously been suspicious of the Me Too movement, complaining that allegations made decades later can ruin a man's life. 	https://t.co/hEig0fpa9J
Brett Kavanaugh was just spotted at the White House, per @AlliemalCNN.
In new statement, Kavanaugh says, “This is a completely false allegation. I have never done anything like what the accuser describes—to her or to anyone...I had no idea who was making this accusation until she identified herself.” He adds he’s willing to talk to Senate Judiciary.
As Kavanaugh drama unfolds, important to remember Trump is still resentful about how his nomination for Dr. Ronny Jackson for VA Secretary was derailed. While allegations of a different nature, Trump views it through same lens — unfair allegations made to hurt him personally.
RT @kylegriffin1: Q: Does she consider this an attempted rape?		Debra Katz, attorney for Kavanaugh accuser Christine Ford: "She does. She c…
As the attorney for the woman who has accused Brett Kavanaugh of sexual assault makes the rounds on morning television, the White House issues this statement. “On Friday, Judge Kavanaugh ‘categorically and unequivocally’ denied this allegation. This has not changed...” https://t.co/PGKmvmibTu
RT @kasie: BREAKING: Lawyer for Kavanaugh accuser tells @TODAYshow Christine Ford is willing to testify publicly before the Senate Judiciar…
RT @peterbakernyt: Lindsey Graham broaches the idea of hearing testimony on allegation against Kavanaugh: "If the committee is to hear from…
RT @Marq_Burnett: Alabama football is No. 1 in the NATION in scoring offense at 56.7 points per game.
RT @karenehowell: 👀 https://t.co/ameYYAitGu
@jnherring Ok that’s funny as shit.
Have they......heard of Twitter? https://t.co/vu25yo1M6Y
For people who think I’m talking about the Auburn loss...........please unfollow.
That was like a kick in the teeth.
Alabama and Ole Miss kicking off now — both teams have starting quarterbacks who hail from Hawaii, and everybody in the South says mahalo.
RT @KellyO: Manafort’s signature on the document that sealed his guilty pleas and cooperation today in the Mueller investigation https://t.…
RT @MarshallCohen: Manafort is the fourth (!) Trump campaign official to plead guilty and cooperate with the Mueller investigation. First w…
The special counsel has indicated Paul Manafort is preparing to plea guilty today, per @kpolantz
Seems like a key paragraph. “A spokesman for Ms. Haley said plans to buy the curtains were made in 2016, during the Obama administration. Ms. Haley had no say in the purchase, he said.”  https://t.co/XD8glMss0E
@KarenKaren572 That’s true. Some don’t have the option.
“Unfortunately, my family does not have the resources to put gas in our vehicle...We have no way out, so we are staying. We live together in a double-wide trailer.” Tales from those in the path of Florence.  https://t.co/CO2SngXPkE
“The hurricane’s effects are expected to worsen as storm surges rise as high as 11 feet, while rainfall up to 40 inches is expected to bring widespread inland flooding.” Stay safe, Carolina friends.  https://t.co/iJsxHQ0QJf
RT @NHC_Atlantic: Do not focus on the wind speed category of #Hurricane #Florence!  Life-threatening storm surge flooding, catastrophic fla…
The White House says Trump was "responding to the liberal media and San Juan Mayor who sadly, have tried to exploit the devastation by pushing out a constant stream of misinformation and false accusations" when said, with no evidence, that 3,000 people didn't die in Puerto Rico. https://t.co/sR882Zyjil
Trump had at least two briefings on Hurricane Florence today, one in the Oval and one at the Executive Office Building next door. Neither were open to press. Officials haven’t answered any questions about his unsupported claim that 3,000 people didn’t die in Puerto Rico.
RT @Kevinliptakcnn: President Trump, Vice President Pence and John Bolton walk from a hurricane briefing moments ago in the Eisenhower Exec…
President Trump just attended a meeting in the EEOB with members of the National Security Council for a briefing on Hurricane Florence, I'm told.
Ann Coulter says she think Jared Kushner wrote the op-ed. "Because he and Ivanka are going to have to go back to the Upper East Side and go to the Hamptons,” Coulter explains. https://t.co/xe9gGAX7rZ
RT @blkahn: This @weatherchannel visualization of storm surge is an amazing and sobering use of technology to show what hurricanes like Flo…
George Washington University, which did the study on Puerto Rico, issues a statement saying they stand by the science in the study after Trump rejected it. "We are confident that the number — 2,975 — is the most accurate and unbiased estimate of excess mortality to date." https://t.co/WloDk3bibG
RT @TIME: TIME’s new cover: This is what it’s like to be a teacher in America https://t.co/vc8wKzFP3d https://t.co/YFQrytMype
DeSantis breaks with Trump. https://t.co/Qh1nLi0CTb
Sarah Sanders says Trump spoke w North Carolina Sen. Thom Tillis and Wilmington Mayor Bill Saffo. "The President offered his support and reiterated the federal government’s willingness to help with whatever is needed.” No word on him disputing the death toll from Hurricane Maria.
RT @mkraju: Grassley announces vote on Kavanaugh in Senate Judiciary Committee will be held on September 20
Here's the whole study, which examined the total number of deaths in Puerto Rico from September 2017 through February 2018. https://t.co/nYl71SmVr4 https://t.co/8BPEJUrZBB
RT @maggieNYT: People who have died from 9/11-related illnesses working on the pile died because of the event. Puerto Rico not the first ti…
Aides have been trying to convince Trump to stop focusing on the op-ed and Woodward book this week and turn his attention toward the coming storm. After this morning's tweet, they might wish he was tweeting about Woodward instead.
If you get in a car wreck and die from your injuries afterward, you still died in a car wreck. https://t.co/gepfryuhp9
The president is claiming Democrats increased the death toll of a catastrophic hurricane to make him look bad. For all the "wows" his tweets typically inspire, this is one is truly extraordinary. https://t.co/6kSHa7ajhB
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and Defense Secretary James Mattis aren’t in the room for tonight’s Medal of Honor ceremony.
President Trump, during a Medal of Honor ceremony at the White House, urges those in the path of Hurricane Florence to comply with evacuation orders. “Protection of life is the absolute highest priority,” he says.
RT @maggieNYT: Reporters would have to issue a correction. https://t.co/fkuJ57rRK9
The White House says President Trump spoke with Georgia Gov. Deal this afternoon. He told him the federal government and team at FEMA are here to help, per Sarah Sanders, who says Trump has been receiving regular updates on the hurricane throughout the day.
Kudlow scoffed at my question about whether he’s had to ask Defense Secretary Mattis to urge Trump not to do something, as Cohn, his predecessor, is reported to have done. https://t.co/QWVePwXfXL
Asked if he would ever take something off the president’s desk to prevent him from signing it — as Woodward described Gary Cohn doing — Larry Kudlow tells me no. He would never. But says it’s not been verified that Cohn did so.
https://t.co/fKPhBTEaHs
President Trump signed an executive order today allowing for additional sanctions on foreign entities accused of interfering in U.S. elections, John Bolton told reporters on a call just now.
Median household income rose to $61,400 in 2017, up 1.8 percent from the year before, according to data released by the Census Bureau. https://t.co/MkfNIgo4Wk
This is misleading. He was referring to the plaintiffs’ argument when he used that phrase. https://t.co/7HqBKxMYRb https://t.co/XtoXEU7oro
RT @jdawsey1: Booksellers in DC say foreign embassies are the biggest bulk buyer of Woodward’s “Fear.” https://t.co/uQSEurj1C9
RT @Astro_Alex: Watch out, America! #HurricaneFlorence is so enormous, we could only capture her with a super wide-angle lens from the @Spa…
The government spent $895 billion more than it brought in from taxes and other revenue sources during the past 11 months, the Congressional Budget Office said this week, a 33 percent increase from one year before. https://t.co/hUCuhXD5wp
🐝🐝 https://t.co/QGk0IdcGXK
Bob Woodward on The Daily today: "One key person, who's in office, called me and said, 'Everyone knows what you've said here is true. It's one thousand percent correct.' And then this person has said some public things that contradict that."
Interesting statement. The Woodward book pretty much glosses over the Porter scandal, which rocked the administration and significantly changed the dynamic in the West Wing. Also said he realized he should step down immediately, which wasn’t the case. https://t.co/fJT9EDEHiX
https://t.co/0b0xbyxDGE
RT @PhilipRucker: "This field is now a monument to American defiance. This memorial is now a message to the world: 'America will never, eve…
President Trump, speaking this morning in Shanksville, Pa., where Flight 93 crashed 17 years ago. "They boarded the plane as strangers, and they entered eternity linked together forever as true heroes."
I read this story every 9/11. You’ll never forget it if you do. On Rick Rescorla, the man who ran back in.  https://t.co/Bxtuf2usud
RT @johnyangtv: During rescue/recovery on 9/12, firefighters draped a flag next to the gaping hole that plane made. I was there for ABC New…
Uber driver after 10 minutes of silence: “.....So, who do you think wrote the op-ed?”
@AmyZopfi Thx! French Connection.
@MarkDice Leaking national security information isn’t the same as writing an op-ed. Reagan also suggested administering polygraphs, which Secretary of State George Shultz threatened to resign over. You’re probably too old to remember that, so here’s a link. https://t.co/O7zylmozVf
@MarkDice Thank you for that. I’m sure his answer had nothing to do with the fact that one of the president’s closest allies suggested it, Trump didn’t rule it out and he’s been privately consulting allies about it.
@MarkDice Agreeing to take a polygraph is now a figure of speech? That’s news to me.
In the words of my Nana, “hunker down.”  https://t.co/RuxszWYmL7
If lie detector tests aren't on the table, why did the vice president volunteer to take one?
Sarah Sanders tells @jeffzeleny lie detector tests aren't on the table to find out who wrote that op-ed. But President Trump didn't rule them out last week, and has privately spoken about the idea of administering them with allies.
Sarah Sanders said the "sources" in Bob Woodward's book are speaking out against the claims in it, noting how John Kelly and James Mattis have pushed back on some claims. So is she acknowledging they were sources?
The White House has not stated a reason the individual who wrote the op-ed should be investigated, only saying it could be a problem if that person is in national security meetings. Sarah Sanders makes clear they still don't know who it is.
The White House says that Kim Jong Un has requested another meeting with President Trump, writing such in a "warm" letter.
The new change to the West Wing phone policy was made quietly, but two senior administration officials told me they believed it was in direct response to the news that Omarosa taped John Kelly. https://t.co/9kQ5dST1O6
It has been 19 days since the White House last held a press briefing. They just gave reporters a 40 minute heads up that there will be one at 2:00 p.m. today.
After Omarosa revealed she taped Kelly firing her, staff can no longer leave government-issued phones outside the Situation Room like they did for the last 19 months. This is the second big change to West Wing policy since Kelly banned personal phones.	https://t.co/9kQ5dST1O6
As Hurricane Florence barrels toward the East Coast, the Trump campaign cancels the president's rally in Jackson, Mississippi this Friday.
President Trump says the White House is a “smooth running machine.” Yesterday his vice president volunteered to take a lie detector test to prove he wasn’t the author of an anonymous op-ed describing an uprising among senior staff who try to control the president.
Woodward to Guthrie when she asked if Kelly and Mattis were lying when they denied comments: “They are not telling the truth. These people, these are political statements to protect their jobs. Totally understandable.” https://t.co/EnNlbJZhAv
Seventeen years into the war in Afghanistan, American officials routinely issue inflated assessments of progress that contradict what is actually happening there.  https://t.co/sMEnyLhWQH
@mlombardiNFL NOPE.
And this is why people who say the NFL is better than college football are crazy.
Tragic, heartbreaking and something everyone should watch. Thank you to the Hilinski family for sharing your story. https://t.co/Z20uZGZsmY
Ok this one made me laugh. https://t.co/y2gXTutMdQ
Eight police offers presented Nick Saban with a commemorative badge this week for winning the national championship. 		"Is this about the interview?" Saban quipped when they showed up.  https://t.co/VGbcpOedVv
@meridithmcgraw 😂
Watch this from @GaryTuchmanCNN. How Trump voters in Alabama react to him calling Jeff Sessions a dumb Southerner who talks like he’s got marbles in his mouth. https://t.co/WR65eOdEwy
@tarapalmeri @jonathanvswan I think of Tara every time he says it.
Trump on Papadoplous today: "I don’t know Papadopoulos...I saw him sitting in one picture at a table with me that’s the only thing I know about him. They got him, on I guess, on a couple of lies." https://t.co/6d7yYTJzc0
Former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos has been sentenced to 14 days in prison with a $9500 fine and community service. He was arrested more than a year ago and pleaded guilty to lying to investigators.
"Under Obama, the DOJ and FBI spied on reporters by monitoring phone records, labeled one journalist an unindicted co-conspirator for simply doing reporting and issued subpoenas to others to try to force them to reveal their sources and testify."	https://t.co/iR3VzjIzo7 https://t.co/Kqvgp6DWxj
Nikki Haley writes an op-ed — on the record — to the Washington Post: "I don’t agree with the president on everything. When there is disagreement...I pick up the phone and call him." 	https://t.co/yfEyM9tVWO
Trump: "This idiot Woodward..."
RT @steveholland1: "I'm sorry, I watched it but I fell asleep," Pres Trump says of Obama's speech.
Jeff Sessions has come to terms with the fact that his relationship with Trump won't end well one way or the other, noting how things have worsened in recent weeks, I'm told. He jokes that he checks Trump's Twitter for updates. https://t.co/ltP5agjgJC
Trump doesn't say no when asked if White House staff should have to take lie detector tests, as Rand Paul suggested. "People have suggested it," Trump says. "Rand Paul who I like and respect came out this morning and said have them take lie detector tests."
Trump: "Gary Cohn, if he ever took a memo off my desk, I would have fired him in two seconds. He would have been fired so fast." (Cohn has not publicly denied what's written about him in Woodward's book, including that he took a memo off the Resolute Desk.)
Trump, per the pool: "If I met with Russians, you people would have found out. You know everything I’m doing. You don’t always report it correctly. But I’m used to it."
RT @cspan: From 1997, @mmccurry at White House podium: "I'm briefing today as an anonymous source…this is the Senior White House Official,…
RT @samstein: “You got me,” said the cabinet member upon being asked if he wrote the anonymous oped calling his boss, the president, mental…
Trump says he doesn’t talk the way Woodward said in his book. But he has a history of calling Southerners “dumb” and referring to people as “mentally retarded.”  https://t.co/oCKbYlulYO
RT @maggieNYT: Jeane MacIntosh, the former dep editor of Page Six, recalled Trump horse-trading to kill a potential story about him making…
The U.S. economy added 201,000 jobs in August. The unemployment rate stayed at a historically low 3.9 percent.
RT @torreyhclark: Headline on TASS building, central Moscow: Trump Calls Putin Meeting One of Best of His Life https://t.co/Cv2q6Tfw86
RT @jaketapper: Former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos will be sentenced tomorrow at DC's district courthouse, 3…
Trump repeats what he said on Twitter — that New York Times reporters should find out who wrote the op-ed. “That would be a good scoop,” he says.
RT @jdawsey1: "He's fought in more ways than one for your state," Trump says of Greg Gianforte, the congressman who became famous nationall…
In the last ten minutes alone, both the national security adviser and the FBI director have denied authoring the op-ed. The highest ranking officials in this government are tripping over each other to issue denials, knowing Trump is paying close attention to each one.
RT @mkraju: Kamala Harris is expected to question Kavanaugh within next hour or so. She still hasn't explained basis of her questioning tha…
Two of Washington's biggest style icons. https://t.co/5IZM8SXS8X
Reminder: It was Rand Paul who told Trump he should revoke John Brennan’s security clearance. Trump took his advice. https://t.co/xv40PyeAhS
Sen. Rand Paul, one of Trump's biggest allies in Washington, says anyone with a security clearance who works in the White House should take lie detector test to figure out who is "talking to the media against the policy of the White House."
Another denial. https://t.co/o8N5t0gugz
Woodward’s book says what the op-ed does — except it attributes names to the actions. https://t.co/djQxufm1EK
The Labor Secretary, the Veterans Affairs Secretary and the budget director have also denied writing it.
White House staff also have a "wild obsession" with the identity of the op-ed author. https://t.co/AmILCI8VJI
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Here is Kavanaugh’s full response in the hearing this morning re: conversations related to the Mueller probe/what Sen.…
The Ambassador to the U.N. is as well.
The Treasury Secretary is now also denying it.
And the Attorney General and HUD Secretary.
Add the Defense Secretary and Department of Homeland Security Secretary to this list.
Trump was pleased with the denials Kelly and Mattis issued in wake of the Woodward book. Looks like that will be a pattern that continues as the rampant speculation about who wrote the op-ed goes on. https://t.co/HZHW2H6sfH
Kavanaugh proposed deleting the line, writing: “I am not sure that all legal scholars refer to Roe as the settled law of the land at the Supreme Court level since Court can always overrule its precedent, and three current Justices on the Court would do so”	https://t.co/kY6pZJvWVQ
The Vice President, Secretary of State and Director of National Intelligence have now all denied writing the anonymous op-ed that characterizes the president as impetuous and amoral.
RT @AP_Planner: Two months away: Midterm elections (6 Nov)
Democratic Sen. Chris Murphy on the author of the anonymous op-ed: “This seems like someone trying to protect the job interests of those in the administration that want to work in Washington after this disaster is over.”
RT @VPComDir: The Vice President puts his name on his Op-Eds. The @nytimes should be ashamed and so should the person who wrote the false,…
Mike Pence’s office is denying that he or anyone on their team authored the anonymous New York Times op-ed.
@11thHour @costareports I told our friend Bob it was redundant to say he was on the 11th Hour at 11 p.m.
@costareports @11thHour Bob we talked about this...
@SMurp3131 I think that was supposed to be “denounce”?
A sense of paranoia already existed in the West Wing. Staffers didn't trust one another and suspected people of leaking on them if they didn't like them. Several now predicting that's only going to get worse as people try to guess who wrote this.
When you scribble the president’s remarks so fast this is what you wind up with. https://t.co/IT6CuVoZRv
President Trump was half an hour late to his event with sheriffs. He made clear he had read the op-ed from the New York Times beforehand -- and came prepared with a diatribe and list of accomplishments printed out.
After President Trump goes on a tirade about the anonymous op-ed in the New York Times, the press secretary issues a statement that ends with: "This coward should do the right thing and resign.”
No White House response yet to the stunning op-ed from a senior official claiming they are working to "thwart parts of his agenda and his worst inclinations." Sarah Sanders told reporters outside her office she would let us know when she had something.
President Trump said he asked Defense Secretary Mattis about the quote attributed to him in the Woodward book, and Mattis denied them. He said he’s staying on the job, per the pool.
WHAT?!	https://t.co/apO3zCQ2oJ
President Trump says he never asked Defense Secretary Mattis to assassinate Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad, as written in Woodward's book. "That was never even contemplated, nor would it be." While Mattis denied the quotes attributed to him, he didn't mention the Assad part.
(This is a rhetorical question. Please don't answer it.)
This seems odd since the White House says the accounts in the book are that of disgruntled former employees. If they believe that, why go on a witch hunt for current staffers? https://t.co/joQBRC3iNO
President Trump has ordered a real witch hunt in the West Wing to find out who cooperated with Bob Woodward's book, @jeffzeleny reports. https://t.co/8mUGNeuvYu
Wow. Asked if he has confidence in Jeff Sessions, Vice President Mike Pence says, “I hold Jeff Sessions in the highest regard. I appreciate his service to the nation."
Trump on standard for endorsing candidates: "I have to really respect the candidate, I have to like the candidate, otherwise I’m just not going to get involved." He endorsed Roy Moore after multiple women said he made sexual advances when they were teens. https://t.co/36ZwWYmNwr
https://t.co/mMedRkMejq
RT @willsommer: Heated exchange between Rubio and Alex Jones in the Senate hallway — Jones crashes a Rubio interview and touches Rubio's sh…
Less of a denial and more of an explanation. https://t.co/LprLSXZQYB
RT @ddale8: Trump just claimed he's never insulted anyone as "retarded." He's done it at least twice *on the radio*: https://t.co/3ODxJdOba…
Britain believes the two Russian nationals suspected of the Novichok poisoning were officers of the Russian military intelligence service known as the GRU, Prime Minister Theresa May said today.
This quote.... https://t.co/fjRQCQKsP3
Defense Secretary James Mattis issues lengthy denial about the Woodward book, which quotes him as saying Trump had understanding of a "fifth or sixth grader." But he doesn't mention how how book says Trump told him the United States needed to assassinate Assad. https://t.co/M3XgAV0dfm
Seven hours later... https://t.co/PEck26ntW8
John Kelly denies calling Trump an idiot. He doesn’t deny saying it’s pointless to try to convince him of anything, that he’s gone off the rails, that the White House is crazytown or that this is the worst job he’s ever had.
Sarah Sanders says the Woodward book is “nothing more than fabricated stories, many by former disgruntled employees.” I spoke to several people who work in the White House right now that told me they spoke w Woodward. https://t.co/Nf7Z7p8w33
Timing is everything. The White House issues a statement on Syria hours after an excerpt from the Woodward book was published, where Trump allegedly told Mattis to kill Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad. https://t.co/M3E93uOuFu
He was also seen by staffers on the second floor of the West Wing during Trump's first year in office. https://t.co/tjaCPf6CXP
"Mattis ignored his order to kill Assad." https://t.co/K7EXsgYi4U
I'm quoting the president, according to Bob Woodward. https://t.co/S5UgPl9EAu
Jeff Sessions was an esteemed Alabama senator for 20 years, beloved by many in the state. The first sitting senator to endorse Trump. Wonder what the 1.3 million Alabama residents who voted for Trump think of him calling Sessions a mentally retarded, dumb Southerner traitor?
Wolff and Omarosa both made sensational allegations in their unflattering portrayals of Trump, but questions about the veracity of those claims provided the White House with some cover. Officials concede that strategy won't work for Woodward. 	https://t.co/ZdNyKbsu7E
CNN has also obtained a copy of the book. In it, Woodward writes that during a conversation with Sen. Lindsey Graham, Trump called President Barack Obama a "weak dick" for not acting in Syria. https://t.co/rl7ZBVFkcH
This excerpt from the Washington Post makes crystal clear why Trump was irritated he never did an interview with Bob Woodward ahead of the book's release. 	https://t.co/ZdNyKbsu7E
After Bashar al-Assad launched a chemical attack on civilians in April 2017, Trump called Mattis and said he wanted to assassinate the dictator. 'Let’s fucking kill him! Let’s go in. Let’s kill the fucking lot of them,' Trump said, according to Woodward.		https://t.co/oRa0CBroWH https://t.co/pA1aaUZNcc
It's here. "Mocking Sessions’s accent, Trump added, 'This guy is mentally retarded. He’s this dumb Southerner. … He couldn’t even be a one-person country lawyer down in Alabama.'" From @PhilipRucker and @costareports https://t.co/oRa0CBroWH
The White House is highlighting how many times Democrats have interrupted during the Kavanaugh hearing. https://t.co/obxaLfvuNZ
After "Fire and Fury," John Kelly implemented a policy on no more interviews for upcoming books. Yet at least a dozen former and current White House officials confirmed they spoke to Woodward, some before and some after Kelly's rule.	https://t.co/ZdNyKbsu7E
People who have spoken with Woodward said they were stunned by the level of detail he had about conversations and events inside the White House. Beyond personal accounts, he has documents, including memorandums and email exchanges between staffers. https://t.co/ZdNyKbsu7E
New — President Trump has become increasingly exasperated in recent weeks that he wasn't interviewed by Bob Woodward ahead of the publication of his book, reflecting a heightened sense of unease in a West Wing that has been rocked by tell all books. https://t.co/ZdNyKbsu7E
Sen. Kennedy doesn’t criticize President Trump after he attacked the Justice Department for indicting two Republican congressman for alleged wrongdoing ahead of the midterms, tying justice to politics. He instead said it’s just Trump’s opinion, &amp; maybe he wants a change in policy
In his opening remarks, Brett Kavanaugh will praise Merrick Garland as a "superb chief judge." He later adds that if confirmed, he would be "committed to deciding cases according to the Constitution and laws of the U.S. I would always strive to be a team player..."
Big tweet. Trump is criticizing his attorney general for going after two Republican congressmen -- one accused of insider trading and one accused of wildly misusing campaign funds for personal expenses -- implying the DOJ should have held off so they could save the R seats. https://t.co/4vJCurHlQy
RT @Marq_Burnett: Saban: I think everybody knows Tua (Tagovailoa) is going to start this next game. Said team will use Jalen Hurts' skillse…
Asked about the sudden cancellation, Sarah Sanders says: "The President stayed at the WH to make calls specifically on trade and other international issues. Will keep you posted if there are other updates." https://t.co/OHCO8lUP8N
Big update: Bryant-Denny now sells funnel cakes.  https://t.co/JYRnzE8BdF
A U.S. service member was killed Monday and another was wounded in what the military says is “an apparent insider attack” in eastern Afghanistan, per @barbarastarrcnn. The wounded service member is in stable condition.
Now reporters have exited their vans too, indicating Trump has changed his mind about wherever he was going. (It’s a sunny, hot day here in Washington and he was wearing a bright red polo and a white Make America Great Again hat. Draw your own conclusions.) https://t.co/OHCO8lUP8N
Unusual. Reporters were called to gather for an outing with President Trump. Once in the vans, he emerged from the White House and boarded the motorcade, but then got out and walked back inside the residence, per @betsy_klein.
"At one point, I asked Giuliani whether he worried about how this chapter of his life would affect his legacy. 'I don’t care about my legacy,' he told me. 'I’ll be dead.'" https://t.co/sqQ7NHbSth
RT @PhilipRucker: Nice Meghan McCain profile by @katierogers https://t.co/efcPapHPvC
A Myanmar court has sentenced two Reuters journalists to seven years in prison.  https://t.co/CnQvYqP3YR
RT @JimMiller: Last night #NickSaban called and apologized to @MariaTaylor7 #RollTide #mariataylor
RT @Marq_Burnett: Nick Saban acknowledged that he’s pissed.
@bdbyars And again!
Nothing I love more than a non-offensive touchdown.
Our first old-fashioned Nick Saban ass-chewing of the season.
@TideSports Shouldn’t this be “what a great time tua be alive”?
I’m loling https://t.co/5pzN3IG6Sm
Still not over seeing Butch Jones in Alabama gear.
RT @tommydeas: FWIW - Nick Saban to this day has never actually named AJ or Blake Sims starting QBs at Alabama
@AUChizad Somebody’s salty!
Ouch. https://t.co/04a2bmCtiJ
@blakehounshell 😂
@LJSLaw RTR. See you for no. 18 in ‘19.
It’s that time of year again. https://t.co/U8mKsTv51s
RT @MegKinnardAP: A staffer for President Trump blocks the shot as a photog photographs a demonstrator at tonight's rally in Indiana. @AP's…
No Trump tweets in today’s edition of the Royal Gazette. https://t.co/cSnpQTRPk9
Rest in peace to a hero whose opinion mattered. Watching the documentary on McCain's life recently, I cracked up. Before leaving Vietnam, they asked if he wanted to thank the doctors who cared for him. "I would like to say, 'Where the fuck have you been for the last 5 years?'"
Paging Justin Trudeau https://t.co/HTxKVKuiaK
Making it about as obvious as it gets. https://t.co/6GOLHFcFzS
The officials do not believe the sources have been compromised or killed. Instead, they have concluded they have gone to ground amid more aggressive counterintelligence by Moscow, including efforts to kill spies.		https://t.co/Qj7JtKFkIq
In Ohio, Trump goes after CBS and ESPN for announcing they won't broadcast the national anthem before NFL games.
@colvinj @stevenportnoy @johngizzi I might have cackled when it came to @stevenportnoy
RT @JenniferJJacobs: “You know we kept open the job for the first female president? So you can do that,” Kellyanne Conway tells a girl in p…
Mike Pompeo was in the room when President Trump authored his tweet announcing he was delaying his trip to North Korea, which he was supposed to leave for tomorrow. John Bolton was on speakerphone, @eliselabottcnn and I are told.
Trump spent Thursday night fuming over how Jeff Sessions publicly rebuked him, leading to his Twitter outburst. But despite his repeated criticism, Trump has told people he's wary of crossing a line with Mueller by firing Sessions. W/ @Kevinliptakcnn https://t.co/AdiiKV4HnZ
RT @MarshallCohen: NEW DETAILS: Manafort juror and strong Trump supporter Paula Duncan says it would be "a grave mistake" for Trump to pard…
Michael Cohen was seen leaving his apartment today. Asked if he thought he was "a hero" now, he said, “I’ll leave that up to you." Then he took a selfie with a passerby.
Pompeo was under enormous pressure to show that diplomacy was working on this trip. His last one didn’t go so well — he got jerked about by the North Koreans and Kim canceled on him in the end. Trump has been expressing frustration privately. https://t.co/C4x6LKs6re
Siren -- Trump says he's asked Pompeo not to go to North Korea. He was scheduled to make his fourth trip next week. https://t.co/otsZxONEiS
Sen. McCain has chosen to discontinue medical treatment, his daughter announces https://t.co/ecKWAucTcr
Huge. After he was elected, Trump gave control of his assets and business interests to Donald Trump Jr., Eric Trump and....Allen Weisselberg. https://t.co/aXTAPjCL21
RT @SteveKopack: DOW JONES: *Allen Weisselberg, Longtime Trump Organization CFO, Granted Immunity by U.S. Prosecutors in Cohen Investigatio…
RT @ByBerkowitz: University of Alabama board compensation committee approves previously announced contract amendment for Nick Saban that in…
Giuliani said that as a U.S. attorney for the SDNY, he listened to 4,000 hours of taped conversations of Mafia suspects — a discipline he claims makes him an expert in deciphering Trump’s intent in recorded exchanges about paying off women. https://t.co/HjlQfyIi1A
RT @amyfiscus: When Giuliani was US attorney in Manhattan, his office was nicknamed the House of Pancakes for all the suspects who flipped…
This is exactly what Trump wanted Sessions to do — prosecute leaks of classified information. Last fall, Trump said he was “very weak” on pursuing these investigations. https://t.co/GdEXFXbSQR
@thatdudeandrew9 Yup.
You can’t escape me. 😂 https://t.co/UR9yRtI2Tu
The fear inside the White House ever since the WSJ first reported on the Stormy Daniels payment months ago was that there would be more women with similar stories who would come forward. https://t.co/oTCd5hpiI4
RT @KThomasDC: NEW YORK (AP) — The National Enquirer kept a safe containing documents on hush money payments and other damaging stories it…
Paging Jared....DOJ issues this statement about today's meeting with Trump, Session and Kushner on prison reform: "We're pleased the President agreed that we shouldn't support criminal justice reform that would reduce sentences, put drug traffickers back on our streets..." https://t.co/XxYHygUu6k
RT @JDiamond1: Sources tell me &amp; @Acosta Trump &amp; Sessions focused on prison reform during their meeting at the WH today &amp; had a cordial mee…
Sanders yesterday: "That's not something that has been up for discussion....There have been no discussions at the White House on that matter." https://t.co/8fyGSM27EN
Rest in peace Ed King, the voice of the unforgettable "1, 2, 3" in Sweet Home Alabama, before the instantly recognizable guitar riff. 	https://t.co/3NPgTE3JNp
Cannot confirm but I think this song was playing when he arrived. 		https://t.co/pI7VYKukGP
He's here for a meeting with President Trump to discuss prison reform, along with Jared Kushner and Mercedes Schlapp, a White House official confirms. To be a fly on that wall. https://t.co/kwQFPxdmpL
Jeff Sessions just arrived at the White House..............
The attorney general is daring the president to fire him. https://t.co/17MqZpOfqz
🔥 alert — Sessions fires back at Trump after he said he never took control of the Justice Department. “I took control the day I was sworn in...” https://t.co/3WIXSIgoQj
Sen. Graham, who speaks frequently with President Trump, says he's "I think there will come a time, sooner rather than later, where it will be time to have a new face and a fresh voice at DOJ...Sessions doesn’t have the confidence of the president.”	https://t.co/pkiWyhbTzL
RT @ZekeJMiller: WASHINGTON (AP) — Secretary of State Mike Pompeo says he has appointed a senior executive with Ford Motor Company to be hi…
32-year-old Indiana woman charged with conspiring to provide material support to ISIS and aiding and abetting individuals in providing material support to ISIS. https://t.co/fT2TFrVnmz
@swin24 😂
Here’s how Trump describes his relationship with Michael Cohen, who has an office next to him on the 26th floor of Trump Tower, regularly interacted w campaign staff during the election &amp; was seen at the White House last year. https://t.co/XYiS3EtCVz
RT @frankthorp: Rep Duncan Hunter doing a Fox News interview at 7pm tonight.
RT @DavidWright_CNN: Trump: "I tell you what, if I ever got impeached, I think the market would crash, I think everybody would be very poor…
Trump on Sessions: “The only reason I gave him the job I felt loyalty. He was an original supporter. He was on the campaign. He knows there was no collusion."
RT @FoxNews: Paul Manafort juror Paula Duncan: "I did not want Paul Manafort to be guilty, but he was and no one's above the law. @foxnewsn…
@waterdawg86 Never!
President Trump is now facing enormous political, and potentially legal, pressure. Our report on the state of the West Wing tonight: https://t.co/WHB39cTudW
RT @betsy_klein: HAPPENING NOW: Trump to award posthumous medal of honor to Airman John Chapman	https://t.co/9GUuIUkGeV
@cmlee He's been up North too long.
Sessions just now: “There’s been a lot of news coverage around the activities at the Department of Justice of late. We are all aware of the public filings in various cases and I’m not going to comment specifically. Those cases received a lot of attention from you all.”
RT @markknoller: .@PressSec to conduct her 100th WH briefing at 215pm. https://t.co/xn25kSKHFN
RT @wolfblitzer: I’ve been interviewing @LannyDavis for 20 years. This was us on @CNN on Aug 16, 1998 during the President Bill Clinton imp…
Would love to know what Duncan Hunter’s constituents think about him spending nearly $500 of campaign funds on tequila shots. https://t.co/XDOEVpTg1p
RT @MLevineReports: You know you’re in DC when: the guy sitting next to you on the train home from work is reading ⁦@MichaelCohen212⁩ &amp; DOJ…
This excerpt from Michael Cohen's appearance in court yesterday https://t.co/yjtw5BETYl
Mark Corallo, former spokesman for Trump legal team, to Politico yesterday: “I don’t think it’s ever a black eye to a prosecutor when they get eight guilty verdicts. That’s a very serious conviction. There’s no defeat to a prosecutor when they get 8 out of 10, 15 or 20 charges.” https://t.co/h3TXpxy4pZ
RT @maggieNYT: My piece from 2013 on the Obama campaign fine, which was about absence of required 48-hour notices within the 20-day window…
Previewing a pardon? https://t.co/0DPijUz3HV
Don't think anyone will be hiring him anytime soon. https://t.co/06KoDHMjF5
RT @jdawsey1: Asked Paul Ryan's office for their reaction to today's news. Here's the statement I just got. "We are aware of Mr. Cohen’s gu…
One for the books. https://t.co/SuAwts88Mg
He adds that Michael Cohen would not accept a pardon from Trump. https://t.co/vTnpInJBZQ
Lanny Davis is promoting Michael Cohen's defense fund on the Today show right now.
"The Hunters concealed and disguised the personal nature of their family's purchases of video games using campaign funds by falsely claiming to a financial institution that the payments were fraudulent charges..." https://t.co/zGqzvIWUVa
The indictment says that Hunter —a veteran — told his wife he wanted to buy “Hawaii shorts” but ran out of money. She told him he should buy them at a golf shop so they could later describe the purchase as “(golf) balls for the wounded warriors." https://t.co/csXDx3EgjP
Everything Trump’s Team Has Said About the Payment to Stormy Daniels — ranging from "it’s old news that wasn’t true then and not true now" to “money from the campaign or campaign contributions played no” role in the transaction. 	https://t.co/XRbVMsexy0
Trump just brought this up at the rally &gt;		https://t.co/Dgx8ZirojC
The official White House transcript includes President Trump saying "I feel badly for both" when asked about Paul Manafort and Michael Cohen this afternoon. He had plenty more to say about Manafort, but nothing else about Cohen. (For now.) https://t.co/3UNczIJe53
Rudy Giuliani says “there is no allegation of any wrongdoing against the president in the government’s charges.” True. But he leaves out the part where his former attorney implicates him in a crime....
After hours of silence, Sarah Sanders issues the following on today’s events: “On Paul Manafort: Refer you to the President’s comments just now from West Virginia. On Michael Cohen: Refer you to the President’s outside counsel.”
RT @jaketapper: Undocumented immigrant faces murder charge in Mollie Tibbitts case	https://t.co/FTJpqoRSFy
TRUMP BREAKS HIS SILENCE — tells reporters Paul Manafort is a good man, calls it a sad situation but says what happened today had nothing to do with Russian collusion. “I feel very badly for Paul Manafort.”
Michael Cohen, who once imagined himself as chief of staff or White House counsel, became a felon in the last hour, and implicated the president in the process.
In a brief appearance, Paul Manafort’s lawyers say he’s disappointed but feels he had a fair trial. “He’s evaluating all of his options at this point,” his attorney adds.
Michael Cohen told the judge he had a glass of scotch on the rocks last night, @KaraScannell tells Wolf.
RT @yashar: NEWS: Cohen just described, in court, how he violated campaign finance laws by arranging payment for Stormy Daniels and Karen M…
RT @JDiamond1: Sarah Sanders declines to comment on Manafort &amp; Cohen: “I don’t have anything for you on that,” she said.
RT @justinsink: hooboy		*COHEN SAYS HE VIOLATED CAMPAIGN LAW AT DIRECTION OF CANDIDATE		*COHEN SAYS HE ACTED FOR PURPOSE OF INFLUENCING ELE…
What Trump said Friday about pardoning Manafort: “I don’t talk about that, no. I don’t talk about that. I think the whole Manafort trial is very sad. When you look at what’s going on there, I think it’s a very sad day for our country.”
Air Force One just took off for the 55-minute flight to West Virginia. https://t.co/VpwG07RG53
RT @ShimonPro: Judge declares mistrial on 10 counts 		The verdict will be read on 8 counts
RT @timkmak: "I will make sure that you and I meet one day while we're in the courthouse... I'm warning you, tread very fucking lightly, be…
The president’s longtime fixer just surrendered to the FBI and is expected to plead guilty in a federal investigation. The jury in the trial of his former campaign chairman is in its fourth day of deliberations. And Trump will have a stage and an audience in a matter of hours.
Cohen is expected to plead guilty to multiple counts of campaign finance violation, tax fraud and bank fraud, per @ShimonPro. https://t.co/5EoQZbIcdH
Michael Cohen has surrendered to the FBI, per @ShimonPro, ahead of a 4 p.m. EST court proceeding where the government is expected to disclose a plea deal.
Nothing has irritated President Trump more over the last several months than the developments related to Michael Cohen. It should be one wild rally in West Virginia tonight at 7 p.m. https://t.co/CyjfUaubhG
The White House just held a conference call with reporters to discuss the president’s schedule for the midterms. But they required reporters to attribute the information to "a person familiar with the president's thinking." No name. Not even a generic title.
A 34-year-old with nine deployments. Nine. https://t.co/GdrCevTrtm
RT @WSJ: FBI and DHS chiefs say they are unaware of election hacks in Florida, countering recent assertion by Sen. Bill Nelson https://t.co…
RT @ShimonPro: Jury has asked a question 		The judge has asked everyone stay in the room while he reads the question.
RT @eorden: Another Manafort jury note, per special counsel’s office.
The share of Michigan’s high school students taking a college entrance exam rose from 54 percent to nearly 99 percent. The growth was even sharper among low-income students, of whom only 35 percent were previously taking the test. https://t.co/Gd0ros7HTU
RT @EricLiptonNYT: SCOOP: The Trump administrations new coal pollution rules will Lead to MORE DEATHS, the Environmental Protection Agency'…
Chief Warrant Officer 3 Taylor J. Galvin, 34, from Spokane, Washington, died Aug. 20, in Baghdad as a result of injuries sustained when his helicopter crashed in Sinjar, Ninevah Province, Iraq, according to DOD. 	https://t.co/lf65Ckmil7
RT @evanperez: The case of Nazi guard Jakiw Palij is an important one. A court ordered him deported but, until now, three European countrie…
“Palij’s removal sends a strong message: The United States will not tolerate those who facilitated Nazi crimes and other human rights violations, and they will not find a safe haven on American soil,” Sarah Sanders said in a statement overnight.  https://t.co/0ufKcdZF29
He’s very big on TiVo. https://t.co/a0Nfr4rpjW
Trump says he’s stayed out of the probe that he recently called on his attorney general to end. https://t.co/cjJtbstbhn
RT @jeffmason1: Exclusive: @realDonaldTrump, asked if he would take away Mueller's security clearance, tells Reuters he hasn't given that a…
In one instance, Uzo Asonye, one of the special counsel prosecutors, stepped into an elevator with a colleague whom he stopped midsentence. “Stop,” he said, gesturing to the reporter’s press badge. He held up his hand to silence her. https://t.co/tOMpyU0JTZ
RT @pkcapitol: Probably the must crucial of all of Judge Kavanaugh's meetings comes tomorrow, 11 am: Susan Collins.
When things were at their worst between them, Trump complained that he thought McGahn was leaking. He also didn’t like that he has a good relationship with Rod Rosenstein. https://t.co/EnYJnfhESC
RT @dsupervilleap: SCOOP: @FLOTUS planning solo international swing through Africa   https://t.co/yl05DHMqiD
The White House is trying to portray the Trump-McGahn relationship as ironclad, when really it’s tortured at best. At times, they have gone weeks without speaking, months without meeting one on one. New w ⁦@Kevinliptakcnn⁩ and ⁦@JDiamond1⁩  https://t.co/tq50ZphO92
New — Trump was unsettled by the notion that he didn't know everything McGahn said to the special counsel. And while he approved the cooperation, he didn’t know the conversations stretched for 30 hours or that his legal team didn't conduct a full debrief.  https://t.co/tq50ZphO92
Even though the prompter says CBP. https://t.co/8bqZr1N4GV
Sarah Sanders says President Trump spoke with Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte today “to express his condolences and offer assistance following the bridge collapse in Italy last week.”
President Trump making it pretty clear this morning that he was unaware of the extent of the White House counsel’s cooperation with the special counsel’s office. https://t.co/Ieg0LmYy7k
RT @peterbakernyt: Authorities investigating whether Cohen committed bank and tax fraud have zeroed in on well over $20 million in loans ob…
An unnamed White House spokesman tells the pool Trump “played a quick round of golf with Senator Rand Paul who the president really likes and enjoys spending time with. He also spent the weekend working on economic growth and making calls on the economy and national security.” https://t.co/iRDCvU1x7q
Sen. Rand Paul, who first suggested revoking John Brennan’s clearance to President Trump, was just seen boarding Air Force One.
John Bolton says Mike Pompeo will likely return to North Korea soon and expects direct talks with Kim Jong Un. “I think the timing will be announced at an appropriate point by the State Department. But this is to fulfill the commitment that Kim Jong Un made in Singapore...”
Trump claiming reporters called him to complain about a well reported story reminds me of this @ToluseO piece — he often cites anonymous figures who support X position of his. https://t.co/ScNEV8w06x https://t.co/VVGLmKkSyO
RT @NBCNews: Man who was arrested while taking his pregnant wife to the hospital is wanted for murder in Mexico, ICE says. https://t.co/uSd…
He’s got a way with words. https://t.co/ZvGmZo4hBK
RT @kpolantz: A lot of information about the early days of the Russia-election-interference national security investigation tucked into Mue…
Jimmy Carter is the only president in the modern era to return full-time to the house he lived in before he entered politics — a two-bedroom rancher assessed at $167,000, less than the value of the armored Secret Service vehicles parked outside.  https://t.co/M6TPsAQnOL
CNN: Bomb that killed 40 children in Yemen was supplied by US	https://t.co/8VAav9X1q6
Privatizing military housing was supposed to protect members’ families. Instead, some of their children are being poisoned by lead. An investigation unearths dangers in base homes, lapses in oversight and a code of silence keeping families at risk.	https://t.co/HG3WB1I57A
Same https://t.co/Yqx3npQHy5
I know you were talking about Brennan and not the media. But I think it’s an unusual argument to make that people — former CIA directors, New York politicians, anyone — shouldn’t be talking about the president as much as they do. He’s the president. https://t.co/ppXOUmncAJ
RT @CNNPolitics: President Trump says he has gotten "a tremendous response" for revoking former CIA Director John Brennan's security cleara…
Trump: “I think the whole Manafort trial is very sad....He worked for me for a very short period of time...I think it’s very sad what they’ve done to Paul Manafort.”
Without saying how, President Trump says Robert Mueller is conflicted but “let him write his report.”
Yea why are we talking about the leader of the free world so much? https://t.co/YPwP6cX7WA
RT @jdawsey1: As Trump tweets that Andrew Cuomo "chocked," read @anniekarni on New York and POTUS. https://t.co/nKUCNKMHdw
Ocasio-Cortez bans press from town hall.  https://t.co/yCeaflwBdB
When Mattis was asked about the $92 mil estimate for the parade, he said whoever wrote that was “smoking something that’s legal in my state” (he’s from Washington) &amp; needed better sources. “I guarantee there’s been no estimate.” Then it was canceled because of high cost estimate.
It was Trump’s idea to have an elaborate military parade after he witnessed France’s Bastille Day one. Military officials weren’t crazy about the idea, but picked their battles w POTUS. https://t.co/rs3c7HN1sN
RT @MichaelJMorell: Bob Gates, DCI to George H.W. Bush and SecDef to George W. Bush and Barack Obama and one of the great public servants o…
The jury in the trial of former Donald Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort will return to court Friday morning for its second day of deliberations. https://t.co/yCOAQjXhbt
RT @ZekeJMiller: $92M is new estimate for Trump military parade https://t.co/UI9j6sMfEX
Joint statement from William Webster, Hayden, Panetta, Petraeus, Clapper, John McLaughlin, Mike Morell — in total 12 former directors and deputy directors of the CIA and a former DNI — criticizing Trump for revoking Brennan's clearance. https://t.co/YK60dOOxzW
DOD is delaying Trump’s military parade, per @barbarastarrcnn — "We originally targeted November 10, 2018 for this event but have now agreed to explore opportunities in 2019.”
"Your client does not have a viable legal claim merely because unspecified truthful statements in the Book may embarrass the president or his associates. At base, your letter is nothing more than an obvious attempt to silence legitimate criticism of the president." https://t.co/eYt9oQsmMS
News — Omarosa’s publisher has responded to President Trump's campaign's "legal threats" over her tell-all book, saying Trump is fully able to use his "bully pulpit" to refute anything they take issue with —	but that the book will be published. https://t.co/9gPse846vQ
@Bencjacobs @jdawsey1 @NickBaumann Secretary of State Stormy Daniels could not be reached.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin says they are prepared to impose more sanctions on Turkey if detained American pastor Andrew Brunson isn’t released soon. (This has been a big frustration of POTUS’s.)
He said Sessions wasn’t a real attorney general about 48 hours ago. https://t.co/5UVkbJQkjo
RT @MichaelCBender: "Get out of here, Peter." Read @PeterWSJ on how his impromptu interview happened with @realDonaldTrump, and how he was…
"I remember running into Sarah Vaughan, who always intimidated me. Sarah said, ‘Have you heard of this Aretha Franklin girl?’ I said, ‘You heard her do ‘Skylark,’ didn’t you?’ Sarah said, ‘Yes, I did, and I’m never singing that song again.'" 	https://t.co/QAVUSgfYp4 https://t.co/Njhqm4ldu9
When my family got our first computer, my sister and I did nothing but watch Aretha Franklin videos on loop for hours on end, mesmerized. Rest in peace to the Queen. https://t.co/QAVUSgfYp4
RT @DavidRutz: Nice kicker from @ShaneGoldmacher; Cuomo apparently thought New York at least was great once https://t.co/xal9UgDxGJ https:/…
Trump tells WSJ he would have announced the Brennan thing last week but it was “too hectic.” He was on vacation at his New Jersey golf club — golfing, dining with friends and holding a few events. https://t.co/iDfqPHpCXK
RT @PaulSzoldra: Watch @jaketapper and @cjchivers on the never-ending war in Afghanistan 		https://t.co/oCLNAPJPBW
I already memorized 101,821.  https://t.co/4c6CHDAmeW
https://t.co/HqxuZCi81c https://t.co/OM2nrzen10
Grover Norquist met with Larry Kudlow at the White House today, he says. https://t.co/5QrsELcfUI
Remember this? https://t.co/OKLVZl96GL
The White House has now issued a second statement that doesn't include this date. https://t.co/dpNsUUo0Y8
The date on President Trump's statement about revoking John Brennan's security clearance? July 26. Three weeks ago. I guess it's just a coincidence that the White House decided to announce this as they struggle to deal with the fallout from Omarosa's book. https://t.co/c6TvfmOD9e
RT @jimsciutto: Breaking: DNI Coats - the nation’s senior-most Intelligence official - was NOT consulted on Trump decision to revoke Fmr CI…
Sarah Sanders announces that President Trump has decided to revoke John Brennan’s security clearance.
RT @steveholland1: Then-candidate Donald Trump was once pulled over by police driving his Rolls-Royce from NY to NJ because he was talking…
https://t.co/xWoK9AWb5G
RT @AP: BREAKING: Afghanistan's Health Ministry says the death toll from the suicide bombing in a Shiite area in Kabul has risen to 48.
Sarah Sanders issued a rare correction after falsely declaring that President Trump has created three times as many jobs for African-Americans as President Obama did during his two terms. (She said Obama added 195,000. It was actually 3 million.)	https://t.co/ng2j2s7rXg
RT @DavidChalian: The end of the @ChrisCuomo and Rudy Giuliani conversation perfectly captures our modern moment:	Giuliani: It’s in the eye…
Worthy of a &gt;&gt;&gt; https://t.co/zNs85anABb
After denying ever hearing Trump use a racial slur, Katrina Pierson tells Erin Burnett she did sign an NDA with the Trump campaign. @ErinBurnett: “So you wouldn’t tell me if you did hear him say that?”
RT @AriFleischer: On the NDA issue, it’s simple: WH aides with access to classified info sign a form in which they commit not to disclose c…
RT @JenniferJJacobs: Sarah Sanders asserted at the press briefing that Trump had tripled Obama’s eight-year job creation record in just 18…
@TrotterMTT @jilltrotter 😂
Exclusive from @barbarastarrcnn: Dana White is under investigation for allegations she misused support staff, asking them, among other things, to fetch her drycleaning, run to the pharmacy for her and work on her mortgage paperwork. 	https://t.co/xxR4cvKdUY
................................. https://t.co/8kFb0Or4cC
The White House is arguing that the president’s insults aren't racist, because he’s an equal opportunist when it comes to jabs.
The Omarosa timeline — Sanders says Trump asked Kelly to work things out with Omarosa, and if he couldn't, he had the full authority to hire and fire staff. She says Trump knew it was a possibility that she would be fired but Kelly didn't call Trump before firing her.
She was paid $179,000 in taxpayer dollars. https://t.co/H9YndhcoEz
Has a White House press secretary ever had to deny hearing the president use the n-word before?
Trump has tweeted or retweeted about it nearly ten times in 24 hours. https://t.co/a5ND78CAFq
Sarah Sanders doesn't answer if she's signed an NDA, but says it's common for employees to sign them.
@anniekarni @OMAROSA I think you should do it.
When @KatyTurNBC just asked Omarosa if she's been interviewed by the special counsel, she answered, "I have." https://t.co/mPrxNiWOdo
The president is inside there — tweeting a denial from the top floor of the White House that he used the n-word, which his former, highly paid staffer alleges. https://t.co/33uth8klZn
President Trump didn’t respond to shouted questions about Omarosa upon arriving back at the White House for the first time in 10 days.
Omarosa was just asked on Hardball if she had anything of interest to Robert Mueller. She answered, "If his office calls again..." — revealing, I believe for the first time, that she's been contacted by the special counsel.
Hogan Gidley in March: “I can say that the report that staff were required or asked to sign $10 million in nondisclosure agreements is not true."	Kellyanne Conway yesterday: “We’ve all signed them in the West Wing.”	Trump today: “Omarosa already has a fully signed" NDA.
No mention from the president of McCain. https://t.co/i0a3jOuAia
President Trump at Fort Drum today. He's there signing a massive defense spending bill that is named after Sen. McCain, one of his leading critics who he regularly disparages because he voted against health care repeal.	(Picture via @vmsalama) https://t.co/mrIZv9sbUE
Hogan Gidley, deputy press sec, in March: "While non-disclosure agreements are commonplace...I can say that the report that staff were required or asked to sign $10 million in nondisclosure agreements is not true."	https://t.co/alms1N8zgs https://t.co/lsX8z70nX1
RT @AaronBlake: BREAKING: Strzok fired		https://t.co/atiiYtxlbG
RT @PhilipRucker: Trump says Omarosa (a senior staffer paid $180,000 by taxpayers) skipped work, missed meetings, was vicious and not smart…
The tweet we all knew was coming. https://t.co/BHGTyIs5Az
In this heated interview, Omarosa goes from saying “I’ve got all the time you need…You don’t need to ask ten questions in one second” to “You know that we have an interview right after this…You know that it’s a seven minute interview.” https://t.co/t4xoZcBSuv
@dsmart @rich_was_here Mark Levin did. And he dined with the president at his golf course in New Jersey last weekend. So someone who has Trump's ear is making this argument. https://t.co/CbZXjv6tOv
RT @jdawsey1: Here's the non-disclosure agreement and $15,000 a month consulting contract Omarosa Manigault Newman says she received days a…
RT @kylegriffin1: Interesting exchange to watch. Jon Karl asks Kellyanne Conway who the highest-ranking African-American Trump official is…
There are small lockers outside the Situation Room where officials are supposed to put their phones, Apple watches, etc. https://t.co/A94vlLXVhl
Basically no one who signed these sees them as enforceable. At Trump’s insistence, McGahn drafted what was described to me as a watered-down version of a nondisclosure agreement. https://t.co/alms1MQXRS https://t.co/vNoeGm0dyj
Your reminder that Mueller — appointed by a Republican — was a Marine who served in Vietnam and received a Bronze Star &amp; Purple Heart. He was shot in the leg but instead of going home, stayed and became an officer’s aide. But the argument is being made that he’s worse than Putin.
This argument from someone who had dinner with the president last weekend. https://t.co/bmYcLVDUHR
Responding to a shouted question about Omarosa’s book, President Trump said, “Lowlife. She’s a lowlife.”
Good morning. https://t.co/hAymT763ft
This story is nuts.  https://t.co/7OBNOUzPsB
RT @ShimonPro: We still don’t know what the unusually long recess today in the Manafort trial was about.  The judge has sealed the transcri…
An update on the president’s day from the man himself. The White House stopped issuing formal readouts of his calls with world leaders, so it looks like we are getting them via tweet now. https://t.co/tUPBe3L5cI
Pretty much all of Omarosa's former White House colleagues think her claims are absurd. Many were pleased when she was fired. They say she had no real role. But several concede Trump hired her, talked to her and invited her into the Oval. He didn't fire her either, Kelly did. https://t.co/jplV8Vhe18
"I'd had one foot out the door since the mishandling of the Unite the Right rally in Charlottesville," Omarosa writes in her new book. 		That was in August. She stayed on for four more months. https://t.co/qml32S0K7D
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you Omarosa for your service! I wish you continued success.
Multiple aides tried to convince Trump not to hire Omarosa to work in the White House. But he insisted.
Rudy Giuliani said Robert Mueller needs to end the investigation by September 1. Randy Credico's attorney announced today that he had been subpoenaed to testify.....September 7. https://t.co/IfTNIPO88g
RT @jeremyherb: NEW: Mueller subpoenas Stone associate Randy CREDICO to appear before the grand jury, reports @SaraMurray. More now on @CNN
The White House is not pleased with Omarosa's new book. "This book is riddled with lies and false accusations. It’s sad that a disgruntled former White House employee is trying to profit off these false attacks..." https://t.co/XwjJfa57BN
How unusual that Trump claims NFL players are unable to articulate what it is they are protesting. He did just that while speaking with me and several other reporters outside the White House in June. https://t.co/dyioGASPW6
Trump's latest moves on Turkey stem from his frustration over the failed negotiations to bring detained American pastor Andrew Brunson home, sources tell me. Before his trip to Europe, officials thought they were close to securing his release. Not anymore.	https://t.co/Rika2cHJ8y
RT @oliverdarcy: Trump’s legal team will be guest hosting Hannity’s radio show today... https://t.co/2XaNdKzxcB
🔥 https://t.co/0IHpP5UrnL
RT @mj_lee: Melania Trump sponsored her parents to obtain US green cards, a source familiar tells CNN. Today, her parents became US citizen…
No relation. https://t.co/qjrpX5fqUU
President Trump just held a prison reform roundtable at his golf club in New Jersey. Surrounded by governors, attorneys general and White House officials, he declined to answer shouted questions about Chris Collins or whether he will sit down with Robert Mueller.
Oh boy. https://t.co/vetju7DaCt
Folks... https://t.co/WUzajAlk75
"Stay tuned"? https://t.co/iJLXwid61C
What Giuliani said about this yesterday: "I could right now give you the answer he's going to give to the question, 'Why did you fire Jim Comey?' He gave it to Lester Holt. It's on tape."
The argument from Giuliani and co. that Trump shouldn’t have to answer Mueller’s questions on obstruction because he already has doesn’t make much sense. He answered questions about Flynn and Comey’s firing to reporters and TV anchors, not federal investigators. Ain’t the same.
RT @CillizzaCNN: Nobody does it like the New York tabs https://t.co/EjESgxg1Qk
RT @awprokop: 19 months later, Rep. Collins has been arrested https://t.co/STUCNpZyap
Sekulow: “Needless to say, we didn’t accept their offer.” https://t.co/rbJ8vUIdoj
@costareports @11thHour Feel like this is redundant, Costa.
Richard Nixon gave his resignation speech on this day in 1974. https://t.co/CVt5CY5ZK4
Ed Royce, a top Republican, criticized the administration in recent weeks for taking too long to decide whether they would sanction Russia over the poisoning. He penned this letter to Trump after the deadline was missed. 		https://t.co/2ZLiTnR521 https://t.co/m57cw4UfLM
The State Department just announced that the U.S. has determined Russia violated the Chemical and Biological Weapons Control and Warfare Elimination Act by poisoning former Russian spy &amp; his daughter. Sanctions will go into effect later this month. https://t.co/ektEkEi8mZ
I'm told Rand Paul asked Trump to write this letter bc he wanted to set up a meeting with Putin. The topics laid out in his tweet are things Paul wanted to discuss, not topics Trump asked him to bring up. Paul and Putin haven't met yet, and they aren't expected to right now. https://t.co/oavDm5S2pt
Rand Paul was one of (very) few who defended President Trump in wake of the widespread criticism over his press conference with Vladimir Putin in Helsinki. https://t.co/oavDm5S2pt
The White House says Rand Paul asked Trump to give him a letter to give to Putin? 	“At Senator Paul’s request, President Trump provided a letter of introduction. In the letter, the President mentioned topics of interest that Senator Paul wanted to discuss with President Putin.”
According to the indictment, Collins got an email at 6:55 p.m. on June 22, 2017, when he was at White House, explaining that the test for the drug had failed. At 7:10pm, he responded to the CEO: “Wow. Makes no sense. How are these results even possible???" https://t.co/Nm6bGUPDJu
RT @gelles: “There was nothing done that was insider trading or unethical,” @RepChrisCollins told @wolfblitzer in the @CNNSitRoom on Jan 23…
RT @DanaBashCNN: Just in: The president’s legal team plans to send their counteroffer to the Special Counsel today.	“It is good faith attem…
President Trump is spending his vacation away from Washington surrounded by some of his most ardent supporters. Sean Hannity and Mark Levin were both seen at the president’s New Jersey club over the weekend. Chris Ruddy of Newsmax was there last night.
A South Carolina company plans to lay off almost all its workers — 126 people — because of the Trump administration's tariffs. The company said the layoffs were a direct result of US tariffs on goods imported from China.		https://t.co/e4ZSOB3w9F
RT @RandPaul: I was honored to deliver a letter from President Trump to President Vladimir Putin’s administration. The letter emphasized th…
RT @michaelhayes: Here's the indictment for Rep. Chris Collins (R-NY). Feds announced insider trading charges against him and his son's thi…
Giuliani to ⁦@costareports⁩ two days ago: “We have a real reluctance about allowing any questions about obstruction.”  https://t.co/dv2qU22A3q
Chris Ruddy, the CEO of Newsmax media, stands up at dinner with multiple CEOs to introduce himself and says, “I’m the enemy of the people who supports Donald J. Trump.”
At Trump’s table? Frederick Smith of Fedex. Indra Nooyi of Pepsi. Dennis Muilenburg of Boeing. Richard LeFrak of LeFrak. https://t.co/H96puqE08w
President Trump makes his first public appearance of his vacation since Ohio rally. He’s hosting a dinner for CEOs at his club in NJ — along with Melania Trump, Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner. Leaders of FedEx, Pepsi, Fiat Chrysler, MasterCard, Ernst and Young, etc. present.
@DavidWright_CNN Ok I laughed
The White House is getting some updates while President Trump is away. https://t.co/PfFJBy9rfQ
An excellent choice and well deserved. Thrilled for my friend @TreyYingst! https://t.co/3zSbjxPAKG
NEARLY A YEAR LATER, power has been restored to most of Puerto Rico. Of the nearly 1.4 million customers who lost electric service after Hurricane Maria, just 25 remain in the dark. 	https://t.co/joD20p4rQw
RT @nicole_hong: NEW: Federal prosecutors are investigating Michael Cohen for tax fraud, another dimension to the sprawling probe against t…
"For most of his testimony, Gates did not look at Manafort, while the defendant stared intently at his former business partner." https://t.co/2lC5YSfY5Q
RT @yashar: What a find by @JakeSherman - Trump talking about McCain's service in Vietnam during an interview with Dan Rather in 1999! 		"H…
Trump received a letter from Kim Jong Un last week. The White House said he responded but didn't provide details. But John Bolton announced on Fox this am that they proposed Pompeo returning to North Korea to meet w Kim. That didn't go so well last time. https://t.co/z8dcUwBBLp
RT @jaketapper: Gates says he and Manafort didn't report 15 foreign accounts, knew it was illegal	https://t.co/M8ci7j7r4h
@CatLH Trying something new!
RT @JenniferJJacobs: Trump endorses a challenger to a **sitting GOP** governor.		He plugs Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach, a loud spo…
Kobach led Trump's voter fraud commission. Along with the president, who claims 3-5 million people voted illegally, Kobach said there was widespread voter fraud, but he never provided any evidence. The commission met twice and faced multiple lawsuits before disbanding. https://t.co/DeMWO7Eni3
RT @Julio_Rosas11: SecDef Mattis spent some time in his home state of Washington over the weekend, where he drank with the locals and was g…
RT @JDiamond1: What you need to know about Trump's Sunday tweet bout the Trump Tower meeting. What is &amp; isn't new. And why it's significant…
The White House issued a photo of President Trump signing an executive order to reimpose Iranian sanctions. Though we knew sanctions were coming, this wasn't on the schedule. Press weren’t invited. The WH has called a lid for the day, meaning we don't expect to see Trump.
https://t.co/14YIVXxACJ
Within 14 hours in Chicago, 44 people were shot. 5 died.	https://t.co/rbjxtjM2Vw
From 1987: "Frustrated, reporters have become increasingly forceful — to some, ill-mannered — in efforts to pry information out of the White House. Whenever the President appears within shouting distance, he is now bombarded with high-decible inquiries." https://t.co/qw6yQAVX4t
Heck of a photo in today’s NYT. Members of Ken Starr’s independent counsel team, which included Brett Kavanaugh (Trump’s Supreme Court pick), Alex Azar (Trump’s HHS sec) and Rod Rosenstein (Trump’s deputy AG). https://t.co/qgTesV3ZY5 https://t.co/xhKHzGqzxb
This comparison is so bad it hurts. A) He’s comparing Mike Flynn to MLK Jr. B) Hoover collected info on JFK’s affairs because they didn’t like each other C) Hoover is remembered for his wild abuses of authority. https://t.co/EGUDOKsXEc
Sekulow last year: “The president didn’t sign off on anything....the president wasn’t involved.” https://t.co/PKzonYrGhT
RT @mkraju: “I had bad information in that statement,” Jay Sekulow, Trump’s attorney, says on ABC after falsely denying that Trump had a ro…
RT @jaketapper: @washingtonpost @kaitlancollins And here's the @washingtonpost story --&gt; 		https://t.co/glIbXmXR5r
Speaking of fabrications — your reminder that Trump dictated the first misleading statement put out about this meeting, which said it was about Russian adoptions. He admits here it was about getting dirt on an opponent. https://t.co/kPdSjcDncN
RT @jaketapper: Apparent response to stories by @washingtonpost and me/@kaitlancollins that the president has been telling people he's conc…
Trump has been concerned for months now that the Mueller probe could reach his family, potentially Kushner, but his focus has turned to his namesake in recent weeks. New w ⁦@jaketapper⁩ —  https://t.co/U8WutLOnCA
Hmmm...... https://t.co/IquqgyaCLW
RT @AlexS_ESPN: “With the success that I've had here in my first two years, I've built a brand for myself and I've tried to represent this…
Oh boy. After President Trump insulted LeBron James, Melania Trump issues a statement saying she’s open to visiting the school he just opened in Ohio. https://t.co/t0eJ4oDrxq
Shouted questions are still a matter of concern for Bill Shine. He had Kellyanne Conway walk him through the arrival of a foreign leader this week, including if opportunities might arise where questions could be asked. https://t.co/Y8EY4x2SvV https://t.co/0PwVa1BIIq
Treasury has sanctioned a Russian bank “for knowingly facilitating a significant transaction on behalf of a individual designated for weapons of mass destruction-related activities in connection with North Korea." https://t.co/jelsyGFNJo
RT @KateBennett_DC: today's @nypost https://t.co/fbn9QV0kuU
The White House responds to the new tariff threat from China. In a statement, Sarah Sanders says, "Instead of retaliating, China should address the longstanding concerns about its unfair trading practices, many of which are laid out in USTRs 301 report."
@ShellyMooreBB13 @CNN Trump said, “Russia is very unhappy that Trump won, that I can tell you.” Less than three weeks ago, Putin said he wanted Trump to win. Those are the facts.
The unemployment rate fell back to 3.9% in July. The economy added 157,000 jobs.
RT @MarshallCohen: NEW: It looks like Mueller is back from vacation. CNN saw him arriving to work this morning, bright and early. This was…
RT @foxandfriends: Where is Mollie Tibbetts? Ted Williams speaks with the missing Iowa student’s mother as investigators continue their sea…
“On at least two separate occasions she got drunk and spoke openly about her contacts within the Russian government....Twice, classmates reported her actions to law enforcement because they found her comments so alarming.” From ⁦@SaraMurray⁩: https://t.co/KJfk0mE1Ea
President Trump cites Republican lawmakers who have advised him that a government shutdown before the midterms is a bad idea, then follows by saying how Rush Limbaugh and Sean Hannity thought it was a good one.
"We figure that all of them are talking to the FSB, but she was giving them way more information than she should have," the official said. https://t.co/qpqngdmMTo
Tweeted minutes after his motorcade left the White House, headed for Joint Base Andrews. https://t.co/iqe6qnqKY0
A candid, unequivocal warning from the nation's security chiefs at the White House lectern today — making crystal clear that yes, Russia is still trying to influence our elections. The obvious backdrop making things awkward? A president who hasn’t been nearly as blunt.
Dan Coats declines to say if efforts to disrupt the midterms are directed at a certain party. Trump claimed recently that they were trying to help Democrats.
Asked about Trump calling the special counsel's investigation a hoax and Sanders referring to the "corruption," FBI Director Wray says: "I can assure the American people that the men and women of the FBI, starting from the top, are going to follow our oath and do our jobs."
Forgot one -- NSA director, too. https://t.co/VLTAB7NAr2
The White House brought the national security adviser, homeland security secretary, director of national intelligence and FBI director to the briefing today.
This exchange. https://t.co/nYBQNn26XK
WH updates with correct spelling: “A letter to President Trump from Chairman Kim was received on August 1. The ongoing correspondence between the two leaders is aimed at following up on their meeting in Singapore and advancing the commitments made in the US-DPRK joint statement.” https://t.co/WzAgYEfP2z
Statement from Sarah Sanders: “A letter to President Trump from Chairman Kim was received on August 1. The ongoing correspondence between the two leaders is aimed at following up on their meeting in Singapore and advancing the commitments made in the US-DPRK join statement.”
RT @axios: Ivanka Trump on whether she’s talked to Mueller and his team and whether she knew about the Trump Tower meeting: “No and no” #Ax…
What https://t.co/Ts9uw8dpBv
RT @ralphDrussoAP: Ohio State puts Meyer on paid leave while investigating. https://t.co/3RvcfQ0TjD
"My father was a combat veteran in Korea," Pence, who will greet 55 flag-draped cases of what are believed to be American remains, said. "Anytime war came up &amp; anyone used the word hero, my dad would say, the heroes were the ones that didn't come home."	https://t.co/IKCUBjWfmJ
RT @gelles: CNN exclusive: TSA considering eliminating screening at smaller airports	https://t.co/lT5cSpuD5D
RT @ShimonPro: Bottom line Mueller still wants a sit-down. 		Mueller’s written response to the Trump team that Rudy Giulani mentioned a sho…
Speaking in New Hampshire just now, Giuliani says this isn't a directive. And he says there won't be one. https://t.co/zshFQ2dUpY
Zeleny: Does the president know that Jeff Sessions can't stop the investigation? 	Sanders: The president is very well aware of how the process works.
This reminds me of when Spicer defended Trump's covfefe tweet. https://t.co/VBshWvfTN3
Sarah Sanders is defending the president's claim that you have to use an I.D. to buy groceries.
The Treasury Department is sanctioning Turkey's ministers of justice and interior in response to the detention of the American pastor Andrew Brunson. Both Trump and Pence have discussed this with Erdogan.
interesting. The White House has repeatedly distanced itself from Rudy Giuliani. But Sarah Sanders just used his line of defense regarding Trump's tweet (it's just his opinion) to justify his directive for the attorney general.
He also uses his tweets — which the White House has said are official statements — to announce policy, fire people, hire people, etc. https://t.co/78ScegsPfR
RT @ShimonPro: Development: Prosecutors just now opened the door to the possibility that Rick Gates may NOT testify at Paul Manafort's tria…
RT @igorbobic: I can exclusively report that Senate Republicans have just not seen Trump’s tweet about Sessions/Mueller and cannot comment.
It is actually very believable. https://t.co/zUHZaDAEVj
@kyledcheney Yep. Demanding an immediate end to the "Witch Hunt." But I have never seen it this explicit, as a directive for the AG.
This is a first. Trump directs his attorney general to end the Russia investigation. https://t.co/zshFQ2dUpY
ICE says social media posts alleging that a child died while in their custody are false — https://t.co/bwzmUwBHCf
Brett Kavanaugh has privately told senators he views the appointment of a special counsel by the Justice Department as appropriate, @mkraju reports. https://t.co/rOJipp5kXO
From the gaggle on Air Force One just now with the deputy press secretary: https://t.co/n1rN71kI6W
North Korea provided a single dog tag to help identify the 55 cases of remains that were given to US officials on Friday, per @rabrowne75. Given the absence of any additional information, the official said it “will take many months to a few years to identity” them.
RT @MarshallCohen: Check out CNN's new MANAFORT TRIAL TRACKER. Your one-stop shop for the most important developments in the trials of form…
See: Tillerson, McMaster. https://t.co/pp9NTQruT1
The White House will try to frame the Kelly news as the media getting ahead of their skis reporting on his seemingly imminent departure. Not so. Much of the speculation was due to Trump polling people about possible replacements for him while telling Kelly he’s happy with him.
Trump and Kelly actually discussed him staying on as chief of staff until 2024, but Kelly only committed to staying through 2020.  	https://t.co/P65XoHagRv
Kelly believes he can rehabilitate his image in the West Wing, and has told allies as much. He is still irritated that he was blamed for the fallout from the Rob Porter scandal, which he maintains was not his fault, I'm told. https://t.co/6YJVa8AQUZ
RT @CNNPolitics: JUST IN: President Trump asked John Kelly to stay on as chief of staff until 2020 https://t.co/bJlmzYpkmD https://t.co/YYw…
Confirmed that John Kelly announced at a senior staff meeting yesterday that Trump asked him to stay on as chief of staff until at least 2020. Keep in mind that in the two weeks leading up to Trump's disruptive Europe trip, senior aides were telling me he had days or hours left..
President Trump signed a career education bill in the Oval Office today. Six lawmakers and two governors were present, along with White House staff, but the press was not invited.
This excerpt from Rudy Giuliani's interview with Alisyn Camerota yesterday is....really something. https://t.co/jRij5iHMra
The jury selection for Paul Manafort's trial is underway. The pool was nearly evenly split between men and women, predominantly white, with fewer than a dozen non-white potential jurors. One man brought a John Grisham novel into the courtroom, per @kpolantz and @MarshallCohen.
RT @JDiamond1: Early #ff to @kpolantz who knows her stuff &amp; will be tracking all the developments in the Manafort trial 👇 https://t.co/WCce…
Expect to hear this a lot over the next few weeks from the White House. https://t.co/pA4rHIbs6y
@jmartNYT @MacStipanovich You gotta get the Cajun ones.
Justice Anthony Kennedy formally retires today.
RT @CBSThisMorning: The number of people who live in their vehicles because they can't find affordable housing is on the rise, even though…
Sen. Shelby, chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, tells @mkraju Trump’s shutdown threats aren’t helpful. “It’s not to anyone’s advantage to shut down the government. My message to him is we are working to fund the government...we are issuing no threats up here.”
Shortly before reporters entered the Oval for the swearing in of the new VA secretary, the White House told us Trump would sign a VA-related bill, which we would get details of shortly. Moments later they said he wasn’t signing a bill — just the paperwork for Wilkie.
“Many of the protocols he put in place to organize policymaking and rein in freewheeling access to Trump have broken down. He no longer commands the same respect he once enjoyed from staffers, or the President.” Our report on Kelly’s one year on the job: https://t.co/IRw16sDfKA https://t.co/E88OQJBDI6
After Robert Wilkie was sworn in, President Trump immediately left the Oval Office and did not answer questions from reporters, including whether Robert Mueller should trust Michael Cohen. https://t.co/ucD94lzxXP
Bill Shine and Sarah Sanders just greeted the pool reporters who are waiting outside the Oval for the swearing-in of the Veterans Affairs secretary. They said President Trump will sign a VA-related bill, but won’t be answering questions since he already did today.
The personnel chief of the Federal Emergency Management Agency is under investigation after being accused of creating an atmosphere of widespread sexual harassment over years in which women were hired as possible sexual partners for male employees. https://t.co/aRhzW8GXZO
President Trump likes Italian Prime Minister Conte a great deal — they have a lot of common ground on immigration and trade at a time when he and not many other European leaders do.
RT @AndrewBeatty: This is a first. The White House is now asking journalists to get a pass to go to a White House press conference, even th…
President Trump declines to answers questions from reporters at the beginning of his meeting with the prime minister of Italy.
I’m back. (But the flags aren’t for me. They’re for the Italian prime minister.) https://t.co/LC9rppKse9
RT @kylegriffin1: Giuliani last night: Cohen "has lied all his life."		Giuliani in May: Michael Cohen is "an honest, honorable lawyer." htt…
Trump’s word vs. Cohen’s. https://t.co/yKI5fjPmQ8
If John Kelly entered the West Wing with an iron fist, Bill Shine has taken the opposite approach, quietly observing the power structure first. But multiple sources close to Shine say there is no doubt he will make his mark when he feels the time has come. https://t.co/IRw16sDfKA
In the two weeks leading up to President Trump's disruptive swing through Europe, senior aides predicted that Kelly had days or hours left. Those same aides now think the ensuing chaos may have helped Kelly hang on a little longer. https://t.co/IRw16sDfKA
Trump and Turkish President Erdogan spoke about Brunson during a recent phone call. But the White House didn’t issue a readout — only confirming it happened once it was reported by others. The Turkish government’s version didn’t include how they discussed the American pastor. https://t.co/3dYvd1Os3x
This after Trump didn't answer my questions on why Putin hadn't accepted his invitation to visit this fall yet. https://t.co/bpQpuWMV93
The Kremlin hasn't accepted Trump's invitation to visit Washington this fall. https://t.co/bpQpuWMV93
Statement from the pool on John Bolton: “The President believes that the next bilateral meeting with President Putin should take place after the Russia witch hunt is over, so we’ve agreed that it will be after the first of the year.”
This headline after NYT reported that Trump was furious because Melania was watching CNN. https://t.co/P0lJJnsww5
The beginning of the discussion includes Trump and Cohen discussing the Times trying to unseal the Ivana divorce papers. Cohen assures Trump they are fighting it, but Trump seems to suggest as long as they delay it, it’s OK. https://t.co/pog5y34UrF
Readouts of calls with foreign leaders will still be published internally. But there won't be a public record that they took place. 	https://t.co/mhkAFZ40Eq
The White House hasn’t published a readout of a call between Trump and a world leader since mid-June, when he called to congratulate the Hungarian prime minister on his re-election victory.  https://t.co/mhkAFZ40Eq
News — The White House has suspended the practice of publishing public summaries of President Trump's phone calls with world leaders, I’m told, bringing an end to a common exercise from Republican and Democratic administrations. https://t.co/mhkAFYMpfQ
RT @Kevinliptakcnn: Hogan Gidley says on AF1 that Trump has "begun the mechanism" for stripping security clearances. Back at the White Hous…
@AlexPappas @TheDCVince @Jamie_Weinstein @willrahn Nice new headshot, Pappy.
RT @ZekeJMiller: President Trump is meeting with donors right now at a hotel in Kansas City. Breaking with the practice of bipartisan admin…
RT @byHeatherLong: Interesting timing... Ivanka imported most of her stuff from China. She’s shutting down as her father ramps up tariffs a…
Ivanka Trump's statement on her decision to shutter her fashion brand: "I do not know when or if I will ever return to the business, but I do know that my focus for the foreseeable future will be the work I am doing here in Washington..." https://t.co/hPCQAO3WWA
RT @PageSix: EXCLUSIVE: Ivanka Trump’s fashion company is shutting down https://t.co/2AjPzahy5X https://t.co/eFf3RZKolB
There are questions about whether Trump's threat to strip officials of their clearances is an empty one. Keep in mind that Sanders didn't give a firm deadline for when he would decide by. https://t.co/0ql0i0PwFu
Nick Saban is so hilariously annoyed in this video. https://t.co/c0AdF6hasc
Bizarre to hear the House Speaker explain the White House’s threat to strip former officials of their security clearances as ”trolling people.”
RT @rachaelmbade: NEWS: @SpeakerRyan says he “certainly won’t be giving (Putin) an invitation to do a joint session (of congress). THAT is…
Traveling with President Trump to Kansas City today, according to the pool: John Kelly, Stephen Miller, Johnny DeStefano, Derek Lyons, Jordan Karem, Hogan Gidley, Stefan Passantino and Bill Stepien, in addition to Reps. Billy Long, Vicky Hartzler, Kevin Yoder and Jason Smith.
"It was so cold. I remember praying, 'Lord, let me get to my babies. Lord, let me get to my babies.' I couldn't get to them." A devastating interview with Tia Coleman, who lost nine of her family members, including her husband and three children. 	https://t.co/182kM5bsUe
"Mr. Spicer’s book is much like his tenure as press secretary: short, littered with inaccuracies and offering up one consistent theme: Mr. Trump can do no wrong." @jonkarl brings the fire: https://t.co/eRTKpITioz
Rep. Scott Taylor, a Republican and former Navy SEAL, on President Trump's clearances threat: “I’m not OK with that...It’s free speech. I’m troubled by it, it’s not what we need to be doing. No question about it.”
The Senate has confirmed Robert Wilkie to be the next VA secretary, after a long road to get here. Wilkie became acting director when Shulkin was fired. Then Ronny Jackson was nominated and withdrew. Wilkie stepped down during confirmation. Peter O’Rourke took over. Here we are. https://t.co/ewyVPJSL89
RT @costareports: scoop/news: @McFaul will be at the WH on Tuesday to meet privately with NSC's Fiona Hill. WH official tells WashPost that…
Sen. Cornyn on the idea of the White House revoking clearances: “I don’t really have any thoughts about it. I’ve read it. I think I’d prefer to wait and see if he actually does it as opposed to just floating the idea - give me some time to think about it..."
Worth remembering that Michael Flynn maintained his security clearance during the Obama administration, even after he lead "Lock Her Up" chants at Trump campaign events.
James Clapper is on CNN right now. Asked if he thinks this is a political move by the White House, he says, "I don't know how you characterize it in any other way."
There was a fear inside the White House over the weekend that Dan Coats might resign. However, his statement has reassured officials and he's back in Washington participating in scheduled meetings today, per an official.
The White House just issued this statement from John Bolton. “I spoke to the President over the last several days, and President Trump told me that if Iran does anything at all to the negative, they will pay a price like few countries have ever paid before.”
Underpinning Trump’s job approval was support from 88% of Republican voters. Of the four previous White House occupants, only George W. Bush, in the aftermath of 9/11, had a higher approval rating within his own party at the same point in his presidency. https://t.co/z9itrsXNRU
RT @mkraju: Carter Page acknowledges, after some prodding by @jaketapper, that he had served as an “informal” Kremlin adviser, but downplay…
Didn’t break in. Used a search warrant. https://t.co/MxUCOpdePW
Important to remember Trump waived privilege on the recording. It  had been deemed privileged by a special master, but one of his lawyers sent a letter to the special master asking to withdraw the privilege, giving the FBI access to it. 	https://t.co/G652L6BzOU https://t.co/MxUCOpdePW
RT @KaraScannell: On the tape- source tells me Michael Cohen tells Donald Trump AMI has the rights to Karen McDougal story. Cohen recommend…
@MatthewNussbaum Some horrible news*
People close to Trump said they had never seen him so indignant. (And this is a president known for his outbursts.) https://t.co/FesHHBIJXK
Remember what an extraordinary day it was after the FBI raided Cohen’s office. Trump was flanked by military officials in the Cabinet room for a meeting that was supposed to focus on Syria. Instead, he fumed about the “disgrace” of the raid, calling it a new level of unfairness.
Giuliani says Trump told Cohen that if he were to make a payment, write a check, rather than sending cash, so it could be properly documented. So Trump gave the go-ahead to make the payment? https://t.co/VI6f0fIpss
Michael Cohen secretly recorded a conversation with Mr. Trump two months before the election in which they discussed payments to a former Playboy model who said she had an affair with Mr. Trump, according to lawyers and others familiar with the recording.		https://t.co/VI6f0fIpss
The White House is touting Brett Kavanaugh’s...............great hair? https://t.co/BkpeyRh9ij
Yes, I am. https://t.co/uPypuPtHyy
RT @jmartNYT: .@nytimes letter to the editor of the day - maybe month https://t.co/Z6vt7fXASG
President Trump has one thing on his schedule before he leaves Washington today -- an intelligence briefing. https://t.co/GdMknkxD89
The face you make when the intelligence chief finds out from a cable news host that Vladimir Putin has been invited to Washington... https://t.co/bQEQXYRgEA
Dan Coats, who is not personally very close with the president, is giving some incredibly candid answers during this Andrea Mitchell interview.
Holy moly. Dan Coats -- the intelligence chief -- said he didn't know beforehand that Lavrov and Kislyak were going to meet with Trump in the Oval Office last spring.
The White House says Putin could visit Washington this fall. Keep in mind that Mike Pompeo said he has “every expectation” that Russia will attempt to disrupt the U.S. midterms in November.
Sarah Sanders says Trump asked Bolton to invite Putin to the White House this fall. https://t.co/7W8AZcuVSW
Dan Coats said he doesn't know what happened during the Trump-Putin meeting. He says Trump has mentioned some of the topics, but "I think as time goes by, we will learn more."
Dan Coats tells Andrea Mitchell if Trump asked him, he would not have suggested meeting one-on-one with Putin. "I would have suggested a different way. But that’s not my job. It is what it is."
Coats says Trump's remark that it could be other people interfering in elections is not definitive. "It’s undeniable the Russians are taking the lead on this," Coats says. "They are the ones that are trying to undermine our basic values, divide us with our allies."
WOW. Coats: "Obviously I wished he had made a different statement...I think now that has been clarified." https://t.co/RyWRmyISts
Right out of the gate, Andrea Mitchell asks Dan Coats why he issued that rare statement pushing back on Trump after the Putin press conference. "I was just doing my job," he tells her.
The Senate has voted unanimously to pass a resolution opposing allowing Russia to interrogate U.S. officials -- a proposal Vladimir Putin made to President Trump during their meeting. Trump initially called it an "incredible" offer. Today the WH said he disagreed with it.
To bring everyone up to speed: When Trump said he didn’t see why Russia would meddle, he meant wouldn’t. When he said no, Russia wasn’t targeting U.S., he meant no to questions. When he said Putin’s offer to interrogate Americans was incredible, he meant he disagrees with it.
Despite saying yesterday they were discussing it, the White House now says President Trump disagrees with Putin's proposal to let Russia interrogate ex-U.S. diplomat Michael McFaul. https://t.co/QcvtJcQoAW
The question is did Trump bring this up with Erdogan during their call last week? The White House confirmed it but never issued a readout, so we don’t know. https://t.co/J7CLMTzyav
Trump praises Dan Coats at length during his CBS interview, adding that they’ve spoken since he got back. “He's an expert. This is what he does. He's been doing a very good job. I have tremendous faith in Dan Coats.”
President Trumps tells CBS he did “extremely well” during his press conference with Putin, adding, “I don’t know what all the fuss is about.” https://t.co/3ncCQ01cuA
RT @ZekeJMiller: How the WH transcript captures Trump's "no" during the Cabinet meeting https://t.co/cdS0WV1oKH
GLOR: Do you hold Putin personally responsible for election meddling? TRUMP: "I would because he’s in charge of the country, just like I consider myself to be responsible for things that happen in this country. So certainly as the leader of the country you would have to..."
Meanwhile....the State Department calls this idea “absurd.” https://t.co/E8C4QzpdWm
The American people are smart enough to watch this video and decide for themselves if Trump is answering the question. https://t.co/6uyY4eDIm3
Sarah Sanders said she's not aware of a recording of the Trump-Putin one-on-one.
So the president had to look at a transcript to see what it was he said during a press conference with the leader of Russia?
Sarah Sanders said she didn't think it took that long for Trump to correct his statement about Russian meddling from would to wouldn't. It was over 24 hours.
"I'm interpreting what the president said," Sarah says now. "I'm not reversing it." https://t.co/RN6HzCPvoX
Sanders says Trump was saying no to more questions when he said no earlier today, not no to the question about Russia targeting the U.S. Reporters in the room said it was clear he was answering the question. Typically when he is done answering questions, Trump says, "Thank you."
RT @TheOtherKeppler: Sen. Thune, to @tedbarrettcnn on if he is comfortable with Trump’s clean-up effort Tuesday: “Well, I mean it’s probabl…
Under siege from publicly agreeing with Putin over U.S. intelligence, Trump insists no other president has been tougher on Russia. But when asked if Russia is still targeting the U.S., Trump says no, which goes against what Dan Coats and Kirstjen Nielsen have said recently.
RT @gelles: Secret Service agent dies after suffering stroke on the job @CNNPolitics https://t.co/70cd3fMgIO
White House formally announces the new Air Force One contract. The total price for two carriers is locked in at $3.9 billion. https://t.co/Y3DGO6eyxh
This is how Kellyanne Conway answered when she was asked if John Kelly accidentally turned off the lights when Trump was speaking yesterday. https://t.co/tTUcAf1V7P
“Appropriately late.” (Roby deemed Trump “unacceptable” after the Access Hollywood tape came out. They’ve since reconciled.) https://t.co/5gpLBqV6LW
@EamonJavers Good luck.
And the Republican House Speaker, the Republican Senate Majority Leader, two previous Republican presidential nominees, the chair of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, the chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee and the chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee. https://t.co/z70aQrdwXL
The White House told the Justice Department not to hold off on announcing the indictment of 12 Russian intelligence officers until after Trump's meeting with Putin. 		https://t.co/r1XaRyGUyG
RT @kpolantz: Just in: Paul Manafort’s trial is NOT moving to Roanoke, says Judge T.S. Ellis. 8 days to trial left.
&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; https://t.co/7rZnTXtbp2
Putting wouldn't-gate aside, here's what Trump said when he was directly asked if he believes Vladimir Putin or the intelligence agencies: https://t.co/4HhjfANule
Trump didn't misspeak. But if he did, wouldn't he have corrected himself earlier? Wouldn't one of his press secretaries have urgently issued a statement? Wouldn't Dan Coats have said as much? Instead, none of that happened. Officials were speechless.
We are witnessing a stunning walk back.
Trump is now suggesting he misspoke yesterday, and is blaming the transcript. 	Today: "I said the word would instead of wouldn't."	What he said yesterday: " President Putin...just said it’s not Russia. I will say this: I don’t see any reason why it would be."
Regardless of how strong Trump endorses the U.S. intelligence community's assessment now, does it really make any difference after he publicly questioned them at length while standing next to the leader of the country charged with interfering in the election?
Attempting to clean up the fallout, President Trump now tells reporters he has full faith in the intelligence community and accepts their conclusion — after 24 hours of backlash after he sided with Putin and Russia over his own agencies.
The only one that got back to us was Dan Coats. No response from the CIA, FBI, NSA, Mattis, Pompeo, Bolton, Mnuchin or Sanders. https://t.co/nlYQXr7LAP
The headline Finland is waking up to this morning. https://t.co/JwkNGOTuCb
Wow. The former National Security Council spokesman Michael Anton canceled his long-scheduled appearance on @ErinBurnett tonight because he said he couldn’t defend what President Trump said today.
Trump’s response last year when he was told Putin is a killer. “There are a lot of killers. We have a lot of killers. Well, you think our country is so innocent?" https://t.co/KAD5Ku9y4q
Putin visibly annoyed with Chris Wallace, insisting he let him finish his answer.
Chris Wallace tries to hand Vladimir Putin the 29-page indictment from Friday. He declines to take it, asking him to put it on the table between them instead.
"Privately there was little crowing after Trump's news conference. Instead, aides wondered whether the summit was a mistake from the start, even after Trump insisted repeatedly it be arranged over a matter of months." W/ @Kevinliptakcnn @jeffzeleny https://t.co/02m3GAN3GH
RT @oliverdarcy: CNN chyron this afternoon: "TRUMP SHOCKS WORLD: SIDES WITH PUTIN OVER U.S. INTEL"
Trump did say this today. But he followed it with: “...but I	will tell you that President Putin was extremely strong and powerful in	his denial today.” https://t.co/3B4F7Hk1vb
An official tells @jimsciutto this statement wasn’t cleared with the White House. https://t.co/i6YXiPEv5V
DOJ: Russian National Charged in Conspiracy to Act as an Agent of the Russian Federation Within the United States	https://t.co/HR6Qvp4jfS https://t.co/8mhyxSioo8
White House officials are openly admitting they don’t know how to respond to questions about President Trump’s press conference. Asked if anyone from the administration will resign over the president’s remarks, a senior White House official quipped, “Good question.”
The Russian government banned Dan Coats from Russia in 2014. As a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, he called for stronger sanctions. https://t.co/i6YXiPEv5V
STATEMENT FROM DAN COATS: "The role of the Intelligence Community is to provide the best information and fact-based assessments possible for the President and policymakers. We have been clear in our assessments of Russian meddling in the 2016 election..." https://t.co/X1DbEBVEMU
RT @ElizLanders: CORKER on the intelligence community: “These people work for the president... For him not to defend their activities to me…
PAUL RYAN: "There is no question that Russia interfered in our election...The president must appreciate that Russia is not our ally.” https://t.co/RwFkHIIcpM
RT @johnson_carrie: A spokesman for the office of special counsel Robert Mueller says "we're declining to comment on what was said at the p…
CNN has now reached out to the ODNI, CIA, FBI, NSA, Defense Secretary Mattis, Secretary of State Pompeo, National Security Adviser John Bolton, Treasury Secretary Mnuchin and Press Secretary Sarah Sanders on whether they stand by their past statements on Russian meddling. https://t.co/AWbyMj482a
Mattis, December 2017, asked if Russia interfered in the election: "Yes, I believe they did."
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, sanctions announcement, March 2018: "The administration is confronting and countering malign Russian cyber activity, including their attempted interference in U.S. elections, destructive cyberattacks, and intrusions..."
Bolton, March 2018: "Whether [the Russians] were trying to collude with the Trump campaign or the Clinton campaign, their interference is unacceptable. It's really an attack on the United States Constitution."
Press secretary Sarah Sanders, February 2018: "It’s very clear that Russia meddled in the election. It’s also very clear Russia didn’t have an impact on the election. And it’s also very clear that the Trump campaign didn’t collude with the Russians..."
Defense Secretary James Mattis, February 2017: "Right now I would just say there's very little doubt that they have either interfered or they have attempted to interfere in a number of elections in the democracies."
National Security Adviser John Bolton, Sunday: "I find it hard to believe" Vladimir Putin didn’t know about Russian interference in U.S. election
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, then CIA director, June 2017: "I am confident that the Russians meddled in this election, as is the entire intelligence community. This threat is real."
Senate Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr, Republican, May 2018: "There is no doubt that Russia undertook an unprecedented effort to interfere with our 2016 election."
No. He just knows how to appeal to President Trump. https://t.co/9npCURWECD
President Trump just — at minimum — equated the findings of the American intelligence community that he is in charge of with Putin’s denials. How does Dan Coats stay in his job?
Anderson Cooper calls that press conference one of the most "disgraceful performances by an American president" ever.
Trump has a smile on his face when Putin is answering a question about whether or not he has compromising information on Trump.
Asked if he believes the intelligence agencies who concluded that Russia did meddle in the election or Putin who denies it, Trump brings up the DNC server. He later says of Russia, "I don’t see any reason why it would be. I really do want to see the server."
U.S. Ambassador to Russia Jon Huntsman told reporters 11 days ago: "The ball really is in Russia's court, and the President will continue to hold Russia accountable for its malign activities, some of which you just heard about directly from Ambassador Hutchison."
+1. https://t.co/X5zu6bdy9y
RT @JonLemire: Did you want Donald Trump to win?		Putin: "Yes, I did."
President Putin says there's no evidence of election interference. I have a printer and am about 100 yards away in Helsinki and can hand him the 29-page indictment from Friday if needed.
The U.S. president just called for an end to the investigation into Russian meddling in the American election while standing next to the Russian president.
Trump says the special counsel's probe -- which is investigating Russian interference in the election and just indicted 12 Russian officials who attacked it -- is "a disaster for our country."
Jeff Mason: Do you hold Russia accountable for anything?	Trump: "I do. I hold both countries accountable..."
Trump says when he described Putin as a competitor, he meant it as a compliment.
Trump says he felt his message about Russian interference was best delivered in person, adding, "Putin may very well want to address it...He feels very strongly about it. And he has an interesting idea." Doesn't say how he responded to Putin's denials or what Putin's idea is?
Russian President Vladimir Putin says he had to repeat several times that the Russian state has never interfered and won't interfere in American elections. (It was Russian military intelligence officers who were indicted by Mueller last week.)
Putin makes positive statements about the Iran nuclear deal.
Looks like the paper said something about a nuclear weapons ban. https://t.co/ExME5H37Ri
Lots of commotion in the room at the Trump-Putin presser right now. Someone who was holding up a sign is being forcibly removed -- lot of struggle as they wrestled the paper away from him. https://t.co/vXEGKGDqRp
Sarah Sanders now tells the pool that the one-on-one between Trump and Putin is over and it lasted “about two hours.” (We saw Trump an hour ago at the lunch with the rest of the U.S. and Russian delegation.)
Press secretary Hogan Gidley wouldn’t confirm that the Trump-Putin one-on-one meeting lasted 2 hours and ten minutes, per the Russians, @anniekarni notes.
John Kelly, Mike Pompeo, Fiona Hill, John Bolton and Jon Huntsman all spotted at the table. https://t.co/ss1OQ1EUO5
After more than two hours together, President Trump and President Putin are now at lunch with their staff. Trump said it was “a very good start for everybody.”
The Trump-Putin one on one is nearing two hours and still ongoing, per a Finnish official.
had *not* disclosed.
Great point by @NicRobertsonCNN -- Trump wanted to keep initial Putin meeting small so there wouldn't be leaks. But in the times he's met with Russian officials before, it's the Russians who released information about the meeting that the White House had disclosed.
President Trump does have his own interpreter in the room for the Putin meeting, a White House official tells me. It's Marina Gross, who has previously translated for the State Department and former first lady Laura Bush. https://t.co/xcYvbj0UYk
These expressions. https://t.co/YsmGf9C1so
According to the pool, Putin spoke before Trump because Russia is considered to be the host country.
RT @dougmillsnyt: .@realDonaldTrump meets with President Vladimir Putin at the The Presidential Palace in Helsinki Finland. #TrumpPutinSumm…
RT @peterbakernyt: At start of meeting with Putin, Trump says they will talk about trade, nuclear weapons, missiles and China, makes no men…
Three reasons Trump wanted to sit down one-on-one with Putin, per @Kevinliptakcnn: he wanted alone time to assess him better, he didn’t want details of their conversation to leak and — this is key — didn’t want aides who favor a hard line against Russia to undercut him.
RT @JonLemire: Trump. Putin. https://t.co/TNkrfEsBwT
Slouches* https://t.co/VS2wmZjhyE
Trump congratulates Putin on the World Cup, which he says he heard was one of the best ever.
Trump has arrived. https://t.co/orcqlJDJoN
Putin has arrived. Now we see how long Trump makes him wait. Reporters traveling with the president say they are en route.
RT @margbrennan: The Putin-Trump summit happens on eve of anniversary of July 17, 2014 shoot down of the #MH17 civilian airliner.  Nearly 3…
This is the Presidential Palace where President Trump and President Putin were scheduled to start their one-on-one 15 minutes ago. Right now, it’s silent, as we wait on both leaders to show up. https://t.co/6xkyidNVgR
His country is gripped by economic sanctions. Credited with poisoning someone on foreign soil. Meddling in the American election. Etc. Yet he’s keeping the leader of the free world waiting by more than 40 minutes. https://t.co/uHI4yIU4Nu
RT @JenniferJJacobs: Trump arrived in Helsinki 16 hours ago. https://t.co/3S8kRU7ljf
President Trump and Melania were scheduled to leave their hotel 26 minutes ago. Pool says they are still waiting, presumably on Putin. https://t.co/uHI4yIU4Nu
Vladimir Putin — notorious for making people wait — still hasn’t landed in Helsinki. He’s supposed to have his official greeting with President Trump....in 17 minutes.
Nothing to do with them assaulting our election. https://t.co/mUavL5kHpJ
Helsinki, September 1990: "Bush appeared exuberant when he arrived here today after an eight-hour flight from Washington aboard his new Boeing 747 Air Force One. Stealing a leaf from Gorbachev's travel book, Bush stopped his limousine..."	https://t.co/sjzhsw5agw https://t.co/rJVAkRnnP7
Spotted with the president in Helsinki on the day of his big summit with Vladimir Putin: John Kelly, U.S. Ambassador to Russia John Huntsman, Bill Shine and Dan Scavino.
President Trump is going to meet with the leader of the country that attacked an American election in a few hours. But he’s saving his toughest criticism for his predecessor. https://t.co/hHqsDxcSJ3
President Trump and Vladimir Putin will meet one-on-one for 90 minutes tomorrow. https://t.co/GgqyrORESb
Russian President Vladimir Putin and French President Emmanuel Macron are standing side by side greeting the members of the French soccer team, who just won the World Cup in Moscow.
Trump refers to his meeting with Putin as a summit. 		Jon Huntsman, the U.S. ambassador to Russia this morning, said, "Well, listen, it isn't a summit. I have heard it called a summit. This is a meeting." https://t.co/6FA1zXoZRy
Jon Karl asks Bolton about possible concessions during the Putin meeting.	Q: Will Trump recognize Crimea? 	Bolton: "Not the policy of the U.S." 	Q: Will he rule out ending joint military exercises? 	Bolton: "Not on the agenda."
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo says the discussions over the repatriation of war remains were "productive and cooperative and resulted in firm commitments." https://t.co/cFV4gkTtKv
President Trump has boarded Air Force One and is wheels up for Helsinki, folks.
Hmm. The U.S. ambassador to Russia Jon Huntsman went to great lengths this morning to stress that the Trump-Putin sit down isn't a summit, but a meeting. https://t.co/h9XbqHOVtH
It has been two days since the Justice Department announced the indictments of 12 Russian intelligence officers who attacked an American election. The president still hasn't condemned their actions. Just criticism of the Obama administration for not doing more.
@carramken Thanks! They are the best. From @moonandlola
Trump at the press conference with May: "I did give her a suggestion...And I think she found it maybe too brutal, and that's -- because I could see that..." https://t.co/7cNF9WyplK
CBS News: What is your goal for the Putin meeting?	Trump: "I'll let you know after the meeting."
Good morning, America. @jaketapper and I are about to be live from Helsinki previewing President Trump’s meeting with Vladimir Putin on @CNNSotu!
Prime Minister Theresa May says President Trump told her she should sue the European Union instead of negotiating. “He told me I should sue the EU - not go into negotiations, sue them. Actually, no, we’re going into negotiations with them."
Secretary of State Pompeo says Trump and Putin should still meet, despite calls from Dems to cancel because of the indictments of 12 Russian intel officers. “I am confident that President Trump's meeting with Vladimir Putin will put America in a better place,” Pompeo said.
Special counsel Robert Mueller has brought 191 criminal charges against 32 people and 3 companies as part of his investigation into Russian meddling and related matters.
RT @PhilipRucker: White House refers to “the alleged hacking.” Emails being hacked is a fact, not an allegation. https://t.co/vWaHhcUDEj
The White House reaction to the news that 12 Russian intelligence officials were indicted for election interference seems.......misplaced. https://t.co/Ep1G5uBckT
RT @LauraAJarrett: Can confirm Rosenstein presser starting shortly is special counsel related
Per poolers @anniekarni and @katierogers, "Trump spotted NYT photographer Doug Mills and made a quip about a photograph he was unhappy with, noting it made him look like he had a 'double chin.' Rest of the comment was inaudible, but more chuckling from aides ensued."
Trump said told May this morning that he wanted to apologize for The Sun interview, and she responded, "Don't worry, it's only the press."
Trump puts more blame on Obama for Russia invading Crimea than Putin.
Moments after Trump says immigration is destroying Europe, Prime Minister Theresa May says the U.K. has a proud history of welcoming people and that immigration has been good for them.
Trump is calling quotes he said -- that there is audio of -- are fake news.
"I didn't criticize the prime minister," Trump says. He criticized her for not listening to his Brexit advice and remarked that her biggest political rival would be great at her job.
Hours after he trashed her proposal to leave the European Union, Trump tells May, "Whatever you’re going to do is ok with us. Just make sure we can trade together — that’s all that matters."
President does bombshell interview subverting world leader while in their country. Gets annoyed by reporter who asks about it. https://t.co/2SqtqOIR5Z
RT @NewDay: CNN's @kaitlancollins: It's "quite stunning" to hear President Trump saying that the US's relationship with the UK is strong af…
President Trump touts a strong relationship between the U.S.—U.K. hours after an interview dropped where he undercut the prime minister on her own turf, dashed hopes for a trade deal and said her biggest political rival would be good at her job.
RT @meridithmcgraw: We did not get to see President Trump and PM May's first interactions following the stunning Sun interview.		May's gree…
The interview that is looming large over London today. https://t.co/rZHuMmDq5j
“On our way out, we met Trump’s Chief of Staff John Kelly. The former US Marine Corps general took me aside and said: ‘I read The Sun every day. I love Britain.’”  https://t.co/TaF5Eya0NZ
“By the way, did you know Donald Trump is here?” — my waiter in London just now.
🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨 https://t.co/IWxLzhEkEJ
61 years ago today President Eisenhower climbed into a Bell H-13J helicopter and flew to Camp David — making the most famous proponent of the interstate highway the first sitting president to opt for a helicopter over a motorcade. From @brennawilliams https://t.co/ypkgcyjX8G
Manafort wasn’t required to wear a jumpsuit at the last facility, but he is at this one. https://t.co/8JMXfGyg8l
Former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort’s mugshot. He was booked into an Alexandra, Virginia jail earlier today. https://t.co/dzZxrz1Ppf
RT @JoePerticone: Rep. Gregory Meeks asks Secretary Mnuchin "Are you a stable genius, Mr. Secretary?"		Mnuchin responds: "I'm stable."
President Trump is in London. When he arrived at the Winfield House, the U.S. ambassador’s residence, there was a song playing in the background. Which one? “We Can Work It Out” by The Beatles.
Asked for a yes or no answer on whether NATO allies agreed to boost defense spending — as Trump asserted — NATO chief Jens Stoltenberg tells Christiane Amanpour, “We agreed to make good on the commitments we have made.” A telling non-answer.
RT @Phil_Mattingly: .@jeremyherb sets you up for Peter Strzok's turn in the public witness chair this morning: https://t.co/GNwdx0PlPB
The French president is rebutting Trump’s claim https://t.co/BiHStcgwI7
President Trump flew to Brussels, created a crisis that sent NATO into emergency session, held a last-minute press conference declaring victory without stating any clear differences and is now....headed for London!
RT @johnrobertsFox: Whoops.... @realDonaldTrump says he won Wisconsin -the only state Reagan didn’t win in 1984.  Um....that would be Minne…
President Trump is expressing confidence in NATO, saying it’s a lot different than it was two days ago and insisting countries have agreed to up their defense spending. But then he said it’s still at 2%. So it’s unclear what’s different from two days ago.
President Trump, who is headed to London after this presser, gets asked about the planned widespread protests. “I think they like me a lot in the U.K.”
President Trump has Secretary of State Mike Pompeo come up to the mic to talk about his latest meeting in North Korea, which didn’t go well by any standards.
President Trump is asked if he will stop military exercises in the Baltic states if Putin requests it. “Perhaps we’ll talk about that,” Trump says.
President Trump said he will ask Putin about Syria and meddling in the U.S. election. “He may deny it. All I can do is say ‘Did you?’ and ‘Don’t do it again.’”
President Trump claimed he got countries to increase their defense spending, but then he says it’s still at 2 percent of GDP. Which is what it has been.
The U.S. doesn’t spend over 4% of its GDP on defense, despite what Trump just said. The latest NATO numbers predict the U.S. will spend 3.5% this year.
President Trump said he thinks he can pull the U.S. out of NATO without Congress’s approval. “But that’s unnecessary.”
Trump just called NATO a fine-tuned machine.
President Trump said he let allies know he was very unhappy with their defense spending numbers and they agreed to up their commitment.
President Trump is about to make a statement at the NATO headquarters — this wasn’t scheduled and comes after he showed up 30 minutes late.
"But he has wifi on the plane.." https://t.co/671uDTkuN5
Re-upping this in light of the latest news. According to NATO, the U.S. is not spending 4% of its GDP on defense, despite Trump saying as much this morning. I've asked the White House about this. Haven't gotten a response. https://t.co/YKVhKPrFN1
WH confirms Trump suggested boosting defense spending to 4% of GDP, adding he "wants to see allies share more of the burden and at a very minimum meet their already stated obligations.” (The U.S. spent 3.57% last year and is on track to spend 3.5% this year, according to NATO.)
Bulgarian president Rumen Radev told reporters President Trump suggested boosting defense spending to four percent GDP -- double what it is now. NATO chief Jens Stoltenberg doesn't deny when asked about it during presser just now. 		https://t.co/ZZJ2JZxoeT
Kelly is actually often exasperated by things the president says and does. And vice versa. https://t.co/EYKRCqzPuK
At breakfast this morning, Trump said the U.S., "in actual numbers," is spending 4.2 percent of its GDP on defense. But according to numbers NATO released yesterday, the U.S. is on track to spend an estimated 3.5 percent in 2018, slightly lower than last year's 3.57 percent.
Press in the filing center at the NATO headquarters are huddled around the televisions, watching how President Trump interacts with other world leaders during the welcoming ceremony. It’s great television.
@jdawsey1 @hogangidley45 @MarkLeibovich Someone alert customs.
President Trump will have two meetings on the sidelines of the NATO summit — one with France’s Macron and one with Germany’s Merkel. Sarah Sanders said we can expect Trump to bring up his criticisms of Germany from this morning with Merkel.
RT @dougmillsnyt: .@realDonaldTrump makes remarks to Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg during a breakfast with @SecPompeo , Amb. Kay Baile…
Trump is arguing that Germany is controlled by Russia because of the gas pipeline.
And we're off. Within minutes of his first event of the day, President Trump is going off about defense spending, singling out Germany and claiming they are totally controlled by Russia. John Kelly looks around the room and takes a long drink of water.
While standing next to the NATO secretary general Jens Stoltenberg on his first stop of the day, President Trump takes credit for countries spending $40 billion more on defense in the last year, but says "that's not nearly enough." "The United States is paying far too much."
https://t.co/JBirdwUAYj
President Trump has touched down in Brussels, after setting a combative tone for the NATO summit in a string of tweets along the way.
WSJ: Michael Flynn and two others launching a global consulting firm.	https://t.co/DLoWlXe8k9
RT @MarshallCohen: Here is the key portion of the White House statement announcing and justifying these pardons. The statement the Obama DO…
President Trump — en route to Brussels — has granted full pardons to two Oregon cattle ranchers. https://t.co/Zl3HflYcOJ
RT @MarshallCohen: General Flynn has arrived at the courthouse. https://t.co/73z7BmryxY
.@abbydphillip: Did anyone in the White House assure Justice Kennedy that his replacement would be Brett Kavanaugh if he retired?	Deputy press secretary Raj Shah, who is handling the selection and confirmation process: "No."
RT @kenvogel: WILBUR ROSS’S STOCK EXCUSE: @SecretaryRoss last week disclosed a tardy sale of stock he had pledged to divest, saying he had…
Some very interesting answers from President Trump. He says he hasn't talked to Theresa May since Boris Johnson quit, notes that Johnson has "been very, very nice to me" and doesn't say if he thinks May should stay in office. "That's certainly up to the people, not up to me."
Rick Santorum doesn't seem pleased with Trump's Supreme Court pick. He calls Kavanaugh "a brilliant man," but complains that he's just like every other Justice -- went to Harvard or Yale, clerked for a justice and is "the old suitcase." "I think they're all too elite." https://t.co/o2qUWt45EN
President Trump calls Boris Johnson, who resigned yesterday in protest of Theresa May's Brexit plan, a friend. He said he may speak to him when he's in the U.K.
President Trump foreshadows his trip -- starting with the NATO summit, the UK visit, "which is somewhat in turmoil" he says, and the Putin meeting. "Frankly, Putin may be the easiest of them all. Who would think?"
@dansolomonza https://t.co/M12Ezeeo0n
European Council President Donald Tusk minutes ago said, "Dear America, appreciate your allies, after all you don’t have that many." We are set for a showdown in Brussels, people. https://t.co/zCuAddVYPb
RT @MattRiversCNN: First successful rescue of the day! A ninth boy was brought out of the cave and being treated at the medical facility on…
Alabama Sen. Doug Jones doesn't rule out voting for President Trump's Supreme Court nominee. https://t.co/fCLE29AOBT
Sen. Susan Collins on the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh: “I will conduct a careful, thorough vetting of the President’s nominee to the Supreme Court, as I have done with the five previous Supreme Court Justices whom I have considered..." https://t.co/m5u2R0QqMC
Deputy press secretary Raj Shah announces: “Former Sen. Jon Kyl has agreed to serve as the Sherpa for the President’s nominee to the Supreme Court.”
Despite the British government being in disarray, Sarah Sanders says Trump is still expected to travel there this week. “The President continues to look forward to his working visit with the Prime Minister on July 13, and further strengthening the U.S.-U.K. special relationship.”
RT @Hadas_Gold: I know there’s  A LOT of news going on right now but the crisis going on in the British government is WILD
Wow -- UK Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has resigned.
Trump is coming to Brussels spoiling for a fight. https://t.co/ETlqCQECkN
Trump, who will announce his Supreme Court pick in a little over 24 hours says, “I’m very close to making a decision. Have not made it official yet...It’s still — let’s say it’s the four people. But they’re excellent. Every one. You can’t go wrong.”
RT @John_Hudson: 🚨Pompeo's rosy outlook was almost immediately rejected by DPRK, which called the talks “regrettable” &amp; accused the US of m…
This exchange between Pompeo and a reporter is something. Q: Did you bring up the satellite images that show that facilities are actually expanding, and what did the North Koreans say? 	 	Pompeo: “Well, your characterization is interesting...” https://t.co/dP79mSrBzx
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo didn’t meet with Kim Jong Un during his third trip to Pyongyang. He left Kim a letter from President Trump, according to Heather Nauert, but no Elton John CD.
I was wondering where Rudy was.  https://t.co/6LkkOiFWoZ
Rep. Jim Jordan, who has denied knowing about abuse allegations, says on Fox, “Conversations in a locker room are a lot different than people coming up and talking about abuse. No one ever reported any abuse to me. If they had, I would have dealt with it.”
Paul Manafort’s attorneys say that he’s in solitary confinement for “at least” 23 hours a day because “the facility cannot otherwise guarantee his safety,” per @kpolantz, implying his safety could be at risk if he was held with other inmates.
There is an air of relief inside the West Wing with Pruitt's departure. Several officials openly cheered his resignation. He was viewed for the last few months as an unnecessary problem who continued to make matters worse.
RT @maggieNYT: Trump’s presentation at the MT rally was steeped in grievance. People close to him believe he was angry about  having to fir…
Pence met with Kavanaugh, Kethledge and Barrett this week, source says. He met with Kethledge and Barrett in Indiana, then with Kavanaugh in D.C. Wednesday. He and Karen Pence are having dinner with POTUS and FLOTUS tonight, where the nomination will undoubtedly come up.
RT @nytimes: A former Thai Navy diver helping with the rescue of a soccer team trapped in a cave has died, running out of oxygen after a su…
Trump just suggested giving Sen. Elizabeth Warren a DNA test to see if she's really Native American. In exchange for a $1 million donation to her favorite charity.
Michael Cohen is telling friends he's pessimistic that President Trump would pardon him.		https://t.co/LOhvXljFRQ
Trump on Andrew Wheeler, Pruitt's deputy who will take over at the EPA for the time being, who is a former coal lobbyist: "Very much an early Trump supporter. He was with us on the campaign. He is a very environmental person."
Trump on the allegations against Rep. Jim Jordan: “I don’t believe them at all. I believe him. Jim Jordan is one of the most outstanding people I’ve met since I’ve been in Washington. I believe him 100 percent. No question in my mind."
Trump on his Supreme Court nominee: “I don’t want say the four. But I have it down to four.”
The reporters traveling aboard Air Force One with Trump on the way to Montana learned about Pruitt’s resignation from Fox News, which was playing on TVs in the press cabin.
Quote from Trump on Pruitt resigning: "It was very much up to him.” https://t.co/bp90YZoud6
Trump makes clear to reporters that he didn't fire Pruitt. Per pool: “There was no final straw. Scott is a terrific guy. He came to me and he said, ‘Look, I have such great confidence in the administration. I don’t want to be a distraction.'"
RT @maggieNYT: NEWS -  @LannyDavis, the Clinton-era White House official, tells me he's been retained by @MichaelCohen212 as he prepares fo…
RT @EricLiptonNYT: Not a single story we wrote about Scott Pruitt and his tenure at the EPA-by me or my colleagues at The NYT-was personal.…
I'm sure it had nothing to do with his exorbitant security, first class travel, cozy relationships with lobbyists, having aides do personal favors or blatant abuse of taxpayer money, etc. https://t.co/pJOVoAfzjK
When Pruitt pitched Trump on replacing Sessions with him, he said he would go back to Oklahoma and run for office after his 200 or so days were up. That was in the spring -- seven or eight scandals ago. Wonder what would happen if he tried that now.
Wow. Rep. Cummings says in a letter that former EPA aide Sam Dravis confirmed my reporting from earlier this week that Scott Pruitt directly asked President Trump to replace Jeff Sessions with him. 		https://t.co/5DAQcRV1JW		https://t.co/YqlbAJ6Y0f https://t.co/smqQtG9GQp
No mention of his blatant misuse of taxpayer money. https://t.co/vTjQJ6kfmf
And moments later, Bill Shine is officially announced. "Assistant to the President and Deputy Chief of Staff for Communications." https://t.co/xgj48xK5FW
Bill Shine spotted getting into President Trump's motorcade. Though he has accepted a job with the White House and has been seen in the halls of the West Wing in recent days, he hasn't officially started yet. The White House still hasn't announced his hiring. https://t.co/NliW8sFxaC
McConnell's team's response to reporting that Schumer urged Trump to nominate Merrick Garland... https://t.co/BmCr9BEPcm
Cruz making a big push for Trump to pick Mike Lee. But pretty much no one in the White House views him as a strong contender, though he and Trump did discuss the vacancy on the phone.  https://t.co/Gunpfgpls6
State Department spokesman: “Our policy toward North Korea has not changed. We are committed to a denuclearized North Korea, and Secretary Pompeo looks forward to continuing his consultations with North Korean leaders to follow up on the commitments made at the Singapore Summit."
RT @business: A U.S. cargo ship is racing to China to beat the clock on tariffs https://t.co/FR7Wtj2dR3 https://t.co/zPGGdBSkdk
Two weeks ago Trump said Republicans shouldn’t waste their time on immigration until after the midterms. https://t.co/pGYlIy9OYT
Automobiles exported to China make up more than two-thirds of the $3 billion worth of South Carolina-produced goods subject to foreign tariffs, although dozens of other products also would be affected.  https://t.co/3CvmM7iP9i
RT @KellyO: .@EPAScottPruitt on the South Lawn for the military families party.  Clearly welcome here by the president despite repeated eth…
“I already won the lottery. I was born in the US of A, baby.” 🇺🇸 https://t.co/U3ifIbhGP3
Interesting. Before it said he was the “personal attorney to President Donald J. Trump.” https://t.co/tvUeL7XhPR
President Trump has arrived at Trump National Golf Club in Sterling, VA, according to the pool traveling with him.
Old Glory is at half-staff today in honor of the Capital Gazette shooting victims. https://t.co/4maLxhi7c0
Update: The EPA did decide to comment. Scott Pruitt says, "This report is simply false. General Sessions and I are friends and I have always said I want nothing more than to see him succeed in his role." https://t.co/YqlbAJ6Y0f
The EPA's response to my story: “EPA will not be commenting on anonymous sources who are working to distract Americans from the Trump Administration’s accomplishments on regulatory certainty and environmental stewardship.” Attributed to "EPA spokesman." https://t.co/YqlbAJ6Y0f
News — Scott Pruitt directly appealed to President Trump this spring to fire Jeff Sessions and let him run the Justice Department instead, offering to temporarily replace him and return to Oklahoma afterward to run for office.  https://t.co/YqlbAJ6Y0f
@Bencjacobs Too soon.
Alabama football &gt; World Cup
The White House says President Trump spoke to three potential Supreme Court nominees today.
RT @AaronBlake: Trump's approval on immigration is basically unchanged at 39% -- despite family-separation policy. 80% of GOP still approve…
A former House staffer who worked for Debbie Wasserman Schultz has struck a plea deal with prosecutors, pleading guilty to making a false statement on a bank loan application.  https://t.co/ERihnc7tNL
President Trump orders flags flown at half-staff in honor of the Capital Gazette shooting victims. There was some reporting yesterday that the White House declined this request. Sanders said today that Trump made the decision after he heard about the Annapolis mayor's request. https://t.co/WSIZVM5v3s
Sarah Sanders said she hasn't asked President Trump if he thinks Sen. John McCain should resign ahead of the Supreme Court vote. “I haven’t asked him about that specifically,” she said.
I'm back! https://t.co/F566fb0TrA
News from the pool spray -- President Trump has interviewed four potential Supreme Court justices.
Confirmed -- White House counsel Don McGahn spoke with Utah Sen. Mike Lee last week to discuss Supreme Court vacancy. They talked through selection process and Trump's broad outlook. McGahn also spoke with all Rs on the Senate Judiciary.
Gonna go out on a limb here and say I don't think this will hurt his chances with Trump.... https://t.co/cAe2vSbNpw
White House counsel Don McGahn will oversee the selection and confirmation process. He was expected to leave the White House pretty soon, but is now staying around for this. https://t.co/suZZmYsBZi
Sarah Sanders says Raj Shah will take leave from his role as principal deputy press secretary to work on the Supreme Court nomination full time. He’s handling comms, strategy and messaging coordination with the Hill.
“Once I understand what charges might be filed against me, if any at all, I will defer to my new counsel, Guy Petrillo, for guidance,” Michael Cohen said. A quote that doesn’t exactly inspire a lot of confidence for Trump and co.   https://t.co/S1DAQHygIz
Asked why he wasn’t repeating past vows to “take a bullet” and “do anything” to protect Trump, Michael Cohen said, “To be crystal clear, my wife, my daughter and my son, and this country have my first loyalty.” https://t.co/S1DAQHygIz
RT @washingtonpost: North Korea is working to conceal key aspects of its nuclear program and does not intend to fully surrender its stockpi…
"I would not support a nominee who would show hostility to Roe. V Wade because that would not show respect to established tradition to established law," Sen. Susan Collins told @jaketapper.
RT @peterbakernyt: Kudlow claims the deficit is "coming down rapidly." Actually the opposite is true. ⁦@YLindaQiu⁩ crunches the numbers. ht…
Trump: “Look I like them all. I’ve got it down to about 5. I have two women. Two women out of the five. We have three woman on the court right now.” Later adds, “I have five but I’m probably interviewing 6 or 7.”
Trump says he has narrowed down his list of Supreme Court nominees to five “but I’m probably interviewing 6 or 7.”
RT @anniekarni: More on sloppy protocol: Legislative affairs was notified of call, checked with Mendendez COS, who said he was not trying t…
I count six. https://t.co/6AznH6pgGh
President Trump said “you people exhaust a lot of people” when asked about administration turnover. But added that he has a very good relationship with John Kelly. “I like him and I respect him,” Trump said, according to pool.
Per the pool, President Trump says he will discuss Syria, Ukraine and elections with Vladimir Putin when they meet, adding, “We don’t want anyone tampering with elections.”
President Trump tells reporters on Air Force One that he will interview one or two potential Supreme Court nominees this weekend. He confirms CNN reporting that he will announce his pick July 9. “I’ve got it narrowed to about five,” he said, including two women.
President Trump: “Journalists —like all Americans — should be free from the fear of being violently attacked while doing their job.”
RT @AP: BREAKING: Prosecutor says Maryland newspaper shooting suspect Ramos barricaded the exit door so employees couldn't escape.
RT @Bencjacobs: Prosecutor in court said Ramos came into Capital Gazette through back door, barricaded that and then left to come back thro…
I don’t want to hear the phrase “fake news” ever again.
RT @bcgoyette: Bylines of the Capital Gazette journalists who were killed today: 		Wendi Winters	https://t.co/ztXrCUMkEc		Rob Hiaasen	https…
https://t.co/oW30rKdRnQ
I had to rewatch this to make sure I heard it right. What Gillibrand said: "He didn't get a vote from one Democrat....He got no Democratic votes. No...He did not. They stood strong and they passed it with Republican votes." https://t.co/s7Bd3zNUwW
Chris Cuomo just had to correct Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand on whether any Democrats voted to confirm Neil Gorsuch. She said none did. He informed that three did. Heitkamp, Manchin and Donnelly (who had dinner with Trump tonight) all voted for him.
RT @VeraMBergen: Two days ago, Rob Hiaasen was buying pizza for his newsroom team on election night.  https://t.co/NPiNciLjBq
Heartbreaking. https://t.co/oMi2gfE1b9
Sarah Sanders adds that Sen. Grassley was also there. https://t.co/86eyAwiVgb
Heitkamp in a statement on her meeting with Trump: "I told the president that he has a chance to unite the country by nominating a true non-ideological jurist who could gain strong support from senators on both sides of the aisle, rather than create more divisions." https://t.co/2nr1GBZiZp
What Evan said. Amen. https://t.co/58wuL2BiCW
News — Sens. Murkowski, Collins and Heitkamp were all at the White House tonight meeting with President Trump, along with Sens. Manchin and Donnelly. Heitkamp, Manchin and Donnelly are the three Dems who voted for Gorsuch.
CNN is now reporting that the suspect in the shooting is Jarrod Warren Ramos, according to multiple law enforcement sources. Ramos has a connection to the paper. He filed a defamation claim in 2012 against the paper but the case was dismissed.
RT @PressSec: Strongly condemn the evil act of senseless violence in Annapolis, MD. A violent attack on innocent journalists doing their jo…
Wow. Sources tell @Arianedevogue that the administration wants to nominate someone to replace Justice Kennedy by July 9th. Kennedy doesn't even officially retire until July 31st.
Trump has fluctuated between venting about John Kelly to certain aides while reassuring others that he's pleased with him. He went on a profanity-laced tirade against him during one conversation lately, but the next day praised him to someone else.	https://t.co/kNz6ahjj5Z
The White House says President Trump denied that he’s looking for a replacement for John Kelly. Hard thing to deny seeing as he’s been polling people about possible replacements for months now, while telling Kelly he’s happy with him.
Downright chilling tweets from a reporter for the Capital Gazette https://t.co/G0AfFhLxS1
RT @ShimonPro: There are multiple injuries, and fatalities, two law enforcement sources tell CNN.
While in Wisconsin, where Harley-Davidson was founded, President Trump tells the company "don't get cute with us" and to continue to build their motorcycles in the U.S.A.
Trump: "Reince, you know Reince, good man, I think he’s around here somewhere. He’s a great guy." (He is not there.) https://t.co/BdPtqbBssQ
While in Wisconsin, President Trump gives a shout out to his former chief of staff Reince Priebus, calling him "a great guy."
FBI Director Christopher Wray is asked about President Trump's tweet this morning on Putin's denials that Russia meddled in the election. "I’m not really a Twitter guy," Wray says.
Rep. Swalwell to Rod Rosenstein: What would you do if the President did give you an improper order? 	Rosenstein: "I wouldn't follow any improper orders."
Melania Trump arrives in Arizona for her second trip to immigration facilities -- sans jacket this time.  https://t.co/GZbdtZPUik
Wow. The room laughs when Rosenstein corrects Rep. Jim Jordan on whether you can subpoena phone records.
Asked about doing his job regardless of pressure, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein says, “At the Department of Justice we are accustomed to criticism, and it does not affect our work.”
This would be lit. https://t.co/vvis30xrMO
I feel like the President should have been tagged in this. https://t.co/hBNCEuLVcJ
WHITE HOUSE: “President Donald J. Trump and President Vladimir Putin of the Russian Federation will meet on July 16, 2018, in Helsinki, Finland. The two leaders will discuss relations between the United States and Russia and a range of national security issues.” https://t.co/z3PM4wQsV7
Ahead of the announcement of the date and time of his meeting with Vladimir Putin... https://t.co/SmqxLLdbgI
Quite the 17 months for the communications director role. Jason Miller stepped down before Trump was inaugurated. Dubke left after 3 months. Spicer briefly held the title, along with press sec. Scaramucci came and went in 10 days. Then Hicks took over. 	https://t.co/wsSHygdcgu
Trump and Shine are not personally close, but they know each other well. Shine is, however, good friends with Sean Hannity. Story w/ @oliverdarcy 	https://t.co/wsSHygdcgu
Bill Shine has accepted a senior position in the administration, source confirms to me. But he's not expected to be named communications director — a position he discussed at length with Trump twice before— but will likely become the deputy chief of staff in charge of comms.
RT @Phil_Mattingly: So there it is: 	McConnell says nominee will get a vote in the fall. 	Schumer says no nominee should be considered til…
RT @aseitzwald: McConnell, walking off Senate floor, asked if it’s fair to bring up SCOTUS nominee this year given Garland precedent.		“The…
@Bencjacobs Ben....
President Trump says he hasn’t thought about delaying the Supreme Court nomination until after the midterms, noting it’s important to do it as soon as possible.
The White House sending a message to Democrats in its statement on the Kennedy retirement — noting he was “swiftly confirmed without opposition.”
RT @frankthorp: Question for @JeffFlake: Does your opposition to judicial nominees until you get a vote on Tariffs apply to #SCOTUS nominee…
RT @jeffzeleny: "We will vote to confirm Justice Kennedy’s successor this fall," @SenMajLdr says on the Senate floor. "It's imperative than…
RT @TheLeadCNN: President Trump will push for the swift confirmation of a Supreme Court justice "before the midterm elections." A list of w…
RT @jeffzeleny: President Trump says Justice Kennedy visited the White House before the announcement of his retirement. Remarks coming very…
Here’s the updated list the White House published last fall. https://t.co/AWvx6a3bT0
Here is the list of 25 potential Supreme Court nominees that the White House published in November. At the time, people (including myself) questioned why they were publishing it then. Now here we are.  https://t.co/AWvx6a3bT0
This means you can stop with the Judge Jeanine jokes, Twitter. https://t.co/kLUW3fPxBP
Big news from the pool — Trump says he will pick Anthony Kennedy’s replacement from his existing list of 25 potential nominees. That’s the same list he used to pick Neil Gorsuch.
The White House just found out about Kennedy’s retirement, per @Kevinliptakcnn, but President Trump tells him he will speak more on it momentarily.
RT @jaketapper: Letter from Justice Kennedy announcing the news: https://t.co/3JzlqI8amZ
HUGE NEWS. https://t.co/cEtbFu4LLE
Ouch. Immigration bill goes down hard in the House. 121-301, despite the president's all caps tweet this morning.
Donald Trump Jr. and Rep. Dan Donovan spoke about his win a little while ago. Donovan thanked Trump Jr. for his support, including the robocall he recorded on his behalf. He told Trump Jr. he believed President Trump's support helped move the race in his favor.
RT @rabrowne75: .@AmbJohnBolton following meetings in Moscow with top Russian officials: "We did indeed talk about the Russian interference…
The potential Bill Shine hire has really been all over the place. He was in discussions for the job last fall. It fell through. Then he and Trump began discussing it again in March, but took himself out of the running. Now it's June and it looks like he's about to take this job.
https://t.co/wsSHygdcgu
Trump and Shine have had several serious discussions in recent days about him becoming the next comms director, I'm told. They will likely make a final decision on the position today. Shine is expected to accept.
Trump and Shine discussed the communications director job as recently as March, but it never went anywhere. 		https://t.co/adh1ggicnb
RT @kaylatausche: After appearing on @CNBC, Sec. Mnuchin stayed plugged in to hear recap + stock market reaction.		After past appearances,…
The Kremlin says Washington and Moscow will jointly announce the time and place for the Trump-Putin summit tomorrow. The White House hasn’t confirmed on the record. The Kremlin also announced that Putin and Bolton were meeting today, which the White House confirmed afterwards.
RT @JonLemire: WASHINGTON (AP) — Supreme Court ends term without any justice announcing retirement.
Less than a month ago Kellyanne Conway said Kelly Sadler, the staffer who said Sen. McCain's opinion didn't matter because he was was "dying anyway," was still welcome to have a job in the administration. https://t.co/QY33pEgtTK
A federal judge rules that the U.S. must stop separating families on the border and must reunite all families within 30 days.  https://t.co/QYjtNKDX51
Don’t think being cozier with the president would have helped him. Crowley’s opponent ran on universal health care, a federal jobs guarantee and the abolition of ICE. https://t.co/nhQTeAhEOr
A victory lap for the president tonight. This endorsement was a test of his influence in South Carolina. https://t.co/eYn8BRLXbE
RT @maggieNYT: Trump campaign fundraises off Sanders getting 86ed and Nielsen getting heckled https://t.co/msrmhycki7
Sarah Sanders to receive Secret Service protection.  https://t.co/ETleFxR26U
RT @juliehdavis: Obama admin delivered similar message to Central Americans at height of migration flow in 2014. Here's then-DHS Sec Jeh Jo…
Wolf: Does the president still support banning all Muslims from the United States? 	Shah: "Of course not."	Wolf: When did he change his mind? 	Shah: "It was obviously before the signing of the original travel proclamation."
Wolf: Does Trump still feel that this version of the travel ban is watered down and politically correct? 	Raj Shah: "Well, I haven't asked him that."
Trump praises Mitch McConnell -- saying his "years of work" made today "very special." "He worked hard, and he's working hard right now on a lot of other things, but I will say he worked very hard."
I listened pretty closely but I didn't hear Trump mention Justice Neil Gorsuch, a crucial vote in today's decision, in his remarks about the ruling.
It's been over 24 hours. Still no statement from the administration on this. https://t.co/vo3HU6qUJ6
On the day the Supreme Court ruled 5 to 4 to uphold his administration’s travel ban, President Trump says, "We are going to have to change our whole immigration policy....It's called, 'I'm sorry, you can't come in. You have to go into a legal process."
Wow -- the pool says Pence and Nielsen will attend a meeting with the presidents of Guatemala, El Salvador and Honduras to address the immigration crisis on the U.S. southern border. The meeting will take place Thursday in Guatemala.
Your reminder that the statement on Trump’s campaign website calling for “a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States” was scrubbed last year after the White House was asked about it.
Trump on Supreme Court ruling: “As long as I am President, I will defend the sovereignty, safety, and security of the American People, and fight for an immigration system that serves the national interests of the United States and its citizens.” https://t.co/gxYm9H6as1
This was the third version of the travel ban —the first and second had to be rewritten. This variation was narrower and more fully explained. https://t.co/nZi3RoYhXX
RT @fordm: Still reading the opinion, but this part really stood out: the Supreme Court just overturned Korematsu v. United States. https:/…
The Supreme Court has upheld President Trump's travel ban. https://t.co/fqKArwexaA
Harley-Davidson said the 31% tariff the EU imposed on its motorcycles would raise the cost of each bike it ships there by over $2,000. Those tariffs from the EU are a response to steel and aluminum tariffs from the Trump administration. https://t.co/SoCD99YA1C
While Trump talks tariffs and trade at tonight’s rally in Columbia, it’s worth remembering that BMW's factory in Greer, South Carolina is about two hours away. It’s the brand's biggest plant in the world.
President Trump just referenced Laura Bush’s op-ed criticizing his administration’s immigration policies for the first time — sarcastically saying he appreciated her “lovely letter.”
President Trump, who endorsed accused child molester Roy Moore, says he is told he has great political instincts.
President Trump has publicly brought up the unsubstantiated rumor that Melania Trump had a facelift, and not a kidney operation, several times now. Wonder how the First Lady feels about that.
RT @Kevinliptakcnn: Eternal advice from @realDonaldTrump: "If it’s not your hair, don’t run for office folks."
Sean Spicer, who as press secretary held combative briefings, now says, “I think it’s important to have a platform where we can have civil, respectful, and informative discussions on the issues of the day.”  https://t.co/8WuvNYoyFD
Tweeted while Air Force One is circling over Columbia, waiting for a storm to pass. https://t.co/2Zl5iJ8eML
“This will go over like a Vespa at Sturgis.” https://t.co/Nm4wbDaoDZ
Tweeted while on Marine One.... https://t.co/1MsZCtEgO7
RT @frankthorp: WI GOP @SenRonJohnson not happy with the @harleydavidson news: "Unfortunately, this confirms my concerns and is a far too p…
RT @jeffzeleny: President Trump wanted Press Secretary Sarah Sanders to open her briefing today by highlighting the weekend incident of her…
"Just because you don’t see a judge doesn’t mean you aren’t receiving due process," Press secretary Sarah Sanders said. What?
RT @kaylatausche: Peter Navarro, on @CNBC, refutes the Treasury Sec. (and POTUS) - saying: 		“...on Friday the Treasury is going to report…
Nomination sent to the Senate — “Rick A. Dearborn, of Oklahoma, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors for a term of five years, vice Jeffrey R. Moreland, term expired.”
The statement from Paul Ryan's office on the news that Harley-Davidson will shift some production overseas to avoid retaliatory tariffs in response to Trump’s trade moves. (Harley-Davidson is based in Ryan's home state, Wisconsin. Trump is traveling there Thursday.) https://t.co/dhhT1kmVa2
Harley-Davidson is shifting some production of motorcycles for European customers out of the United States to avoid EU retaliatory tariffs. https://t.co/UKZKvVaRpd
RT @mkraju: Avenatti says SDNY prosecutors canceled meeting with Stormy Daniels tomorrow in Michael Cohen probe https://t.co/v5mBeiKjSw
Lots of love for Clarence Thomas coming from the administration lately. Vice President Pence had lunch with him and gave him a gift yesterday. https://t.co/pZjnQw32eg
RT @DavidNakamura: Moment of silence for @krauthammer at @nationals Park tonight https://t.co/9tJzBe9DiT
Oh wow. Roby withdrew her support for Trump in 2016 after the Access Hollywood tape came out. “I cannot look my children in the eye and justify a vote for a man who promotes and boasts about sexually assaulting women,” she said. https://t.co/rzvJIaDbC1
There will never be another one like him. A brilliant, funny man. https://t.co/Vhrjdpbwfz
Trump contradicts the first lady’s spokesperson, who said the jacket had no meaning. https://t.co/Fl9WA680ZR
Really enjoying watching people twist themselves into a pretzel to explain how this isn’t at all noteworthy. https://t.co/aQvL3xCx7B
RT @gelles: HHS has asked DoD to be prepared to house  20,000 undocumented children on US military bases @barbarastarrcnn reports
If Michelle Obama or Laura Bush (or any first lady) wore a jacket like that to an event like this, they would have definitely been asked about it. https://t.co/CLinsG9d7t
I have some questions.  https://t.co/qkBwjyQ6s9
RT @steveholland1: Melania Trump arrives in McAllen, Texas, to visit border facilities where children being held. https://t.co/gEBNXNZgrT
RT @CNN: BREAKING: First lady Melania Trump touches down in McAllen, Texas, making an unannounced trip to get a first-hand look at the cris…
The first lady's office says there are "already existing efforts to reunite children with their families." That's actually unclear at best. Top HHS officials have been unable to say when the families would be reunited. https://t.co/93rtP8ROoc
President Trump just announced that First Lady Melania Trump has traveled to a detention facility in Texas.
RT @GMarquis45: On June 25-27, U.S. National Security Advisor John Bolton will meet with U.S. allies in London and Rome to discuss national…
A little news — Larry Kudlow, the director of President Trump's National Economic Council, is expected to return to work Monday. He has been recovering at home after suffering a mild heart attack earlier this month. https://t.co/dbZZsG3MSf
RT @bradheath: Mueller's office says in a new court filing that reports that FBI agents conducted a "no-knock" raid of Paul Manafort's cond…
A lot of the photos and videos are provided by the government because reporters aren’t allowed to bring cameras in. https://t.co/dJgkgKhEMz
Trump is on the cover of Time again, but it’s not one he’ll like. https://t.co/3TDzjvlEMl
Wow — a drafting error in one of the immigration bills that is being voted on today accidentally provided $25 billion a year for the border wall instead of $25 billion over five years. https://t.co/Qymnfs8RBV
RT @jaketapper: It’s not an accident that the US government is making it so difficult for journalists, lawmakers, lawyers and others to bri…
This quote actually sums up so much about Trump's mentality. https://t.co/o7oEqgRA3J
President Trump: "The elite. Why are they elite? I have a much better apartment than they do. I am smarter than they are. I am richer than they are. I became president and they didn’t. And I am representing the greatest, smartest, most loyal people on earth, the deplorables.”
The White House has finally withdrawn Dr. Ronny Jackson's name from the Veterans Affairs secretary nomination. He withdrew April 26. https://t.co/CjXJIiap4O
Ivanka Trump was in the Oval Office when Trump signed the executive order a few minutes ago. He said, "Ivanka feels very strongly. My wife feels very strongly about it. I feel very strongly about it. I think anybody with a heart would feel very strongly about it." https://t.co/5OwXEjkP4a
EO TEXT: AG "shall promptly file a request...to modify the Settlement Agreement in Flores v. Sessions...in a manner that would permit the Secretary...to detain alien families together throughout the pendency of criminal proceedings for improper entry or any removal..."
More key lines - "The Secretary of Defense shall take all legally available measures to provide to the Secretary, upon request, any existing facilities available for the housing and care of alien families, and shall construct such facilities if necessary and consistent with law." https://t.co/FN5Q4PqfMk
Text from the executive order the President just signed: "It is unfortunate that Congress’s failure to act and court orders have put the Administration in the position of separating alien families to effectively enforce the law."
President Trump handed DHS Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen the pen after he signed the executive order ending the separation of families on the border. It's a policy she said three days ago didn't exist.
To be clear, President Trump doesn’t have to sign an executive order to end the separation of families on the border.
President Trump says his dilemma is that if you are weak, the borders will be overrun by immigrants, and if you’re strong, you don’t have any heart.
“We want to keep families together,” Trump says. “But at the same time, we have to be strong on the border.”
@johnrobertsFox @realDonaldTrump Save me one please.
President Trump confirms to reporters that he’s going to sign an executive order. That comes after his officials have been saying for days that their hands are tied, this is a problem for Congress, etc.
President Trump says he will sign something “in a little while” to end family separation on the border. He announces he’s canceling the congressional picnic because it didn’t feel right. (They had already started grilling steaks at the White House.)
This is a surprise to a lot of people on Capitol Hill, who the White House has said would be the ones to fix this. https://t.co/agb04mtkaZ
U.S. Customs and Border Protection says in statement that the minor who has Down Syndrome and was separated from her parent isn’t related to the zero tolerance policy. https://t.co/wjFwe5Ygw4
Several of you have made the point that she doesn’t draw a salary. That’s true. But she flies around on government airplanes, has an office in the West Wing, and holds a top level job in the federal government. https://t.co/5OwXEjkP4a
The approval from a critical President and colleagues she failed to develop relationships with could mean Nielsen is finding herself on firmer ground in the West Wing at a time when she’s become the face of one of the admin’s most controversial policies. https://t.co/S2AXFpIcPr
Everything we have heard about Ivanka Trump being unhappy with the family separation policy has come from her father, a press secretary and Republican lawmakers. But nothing from taxpayer funded senior adviser to the president herself.
RT @markberman: “A 10-year-old Mexican girl with Down syndrome was taken from her mother after an illegal border crossing and sent to a Tex…
No I didn’t. I compared Ivanka showing her father pictures of children separated from their parents at the border to the time she showed him images of the victims of the chemical weapons attack in Syria. https://t.co/vJbeyzOYJV
“Doctors and lawyers who have visited the shelters said the facilities were fine, clean and safe, but the kids — who have no idea where their parents are — were hysterical, crying and acting out.”  https://t.co/LaHW7zHYy5
From being labeled "a Bush person" to doing "a fabulous job" — another day in the life of President Trump's DHS secretary. https://t.co/S2AXFpIcPr
A surprising turn of events for Kirstjen Nielsen — I'm told she is being praised throughout the West Wing for her performance during the briefing. Multiple officials complimenting her on a job well done sparring w the press. Trump, who has blown up at her before, did the same.
Ivanka has said nothing publicly about this, however. https://t.co/ULCOm92132
Trump told members that his daughter Ivanka encouraged him to end family separation and that he recognizes that it needs to end and the images are painful, per Rep. Curbelo.
RT @jeffzeleny: In closed-door House GOP meeting, the president said his daughter and senior adviser Ivanka Trump showed him images from th…
Trump, departing the Capitol, says, "We had a great meeting," adding that these laws have been broken for many years. "Decades."
Trump's immigration meeting with House Rs on Capitol Hill has gone from telling them they must pass one of the bills because "the public is watching" to talking trade to North Korea.
In the meeting with House Republicans on Capitol Hill, President Trump complimented DHS Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen on her performance in the briefing room yesterday, I'm told.
That’s a looooong pause. https://t.co/y0I1Ee7eQJ
Trump was never fond of Hagin. He constantly thought of him as a Bush-era holdover. He felt he was too restrictive, and didn't like when he would tell him they had to hold off travel for another day so Secret Service would have time to prepare for a visit. https://t.co/iCCzX6YDhS
Hagin told people in February he was going to leave soon. But then the Rob Porter scandal happened. Hagin was viewed as one of the few other officials in the West Wing who could lead a professional operation, and he stayed for several more months.	 https://t.co/iCCzX6YDhS
President Trump has left the White House and is on his way to Capitol Hill to meet with Republican lawmakers. He's joined by Stephen Miller, John Kelly and Kirstjen Nielsen. Party members are openly rebuking the admin's zero tolerance border policy. This should get interesting.
Melania Trump was no fan of Hagin's, I have been told, and often pushed Trump to replace him. https://t.co/Cht4FAz1nZ
RT @Phil_Mattingly: should note several members and staffers have said their offices are being inundated w/ constituent calls re: the famil…
RT @markknoller: Pres ends speech to @NFIB Conference and hugs flag. https://t.co/x89UwXQ8jD
President Trump just vowed to make changes to the House immigration bills that, less than a week ago, one of his press secretaries said he fully supported and would sign. https://t.co/EGmgkEi7lT
Naw. https://t.co/iIVMuxVCjl
President Trump just said the press is helping smugglers and traffickers "like no one would believe it."
The president's 2020 campaign manager says it is time for him to fire the attorney general. https://t.co/1H6nedhz8K
https://t.co/6pJTdz6LzD
Interestingly, someone close to this situation told me it wasn't the Laura Bush op-ed that bothered Don Jr. It was mostly the criticism from Jeb. https://t.co/7PLAIXqSwp
RT @WillRabbe: AXIOS: Two sources close to Donald Trump Jr. tell Axios that he has decided to pull out of a fundraiser for George P. Bush d…
Confirmed -- Trump Jr. withdrew from a George P. Bush fundraiser because of the family's criticism of his father. He cautioned George P. that he wouldn't publicly support him if it continued -- the tweet from Jeb about the separation of families was the last straw, I'm told.
President Trump has nothing on his schedule until noon. Rep. Mark Meadows just did a Fox interview from the White House. Asked why he was there, Meadows said, “I have a meeting later today on foreign policy. So I just happened to be here.”
Nielsen underwent briefing prep three times today before facing reporters — first with DHS officials, then again in John Kelly's office and once more with Sanders &amp; the press team. But she didn't discuss the issue one-on-one with Trump. Questions remained. https://t.co/w1Zw6F2dzb
There was no call between the U.S. and North Korea this weekend, I'm told by multiple people, despite President Trump telling Fox News on Friday he planned on “calling North Korea” during the Father’s Day holiday. No reason was given for the call not happening.
What's it called when a country imposes tariffs on another, then that country retaliates by imposing tariffs, then the original country decides to retaliate to that retaliation by imposing more tariffs? https://t.co/xIHB1dgpkx
Trump, in response to China retaliating to new US tariffs, announces he has directed Lighthizer to "identify $200 billion worth of Chinese goods for additional tariffs at a rate of 10 percent," adding they will go into effect after legal process if China doesn't change practices https://t.co/B6Or6YSTvu
Kelly is the primarily the reason Nielsen has this particular job -- Trump did not really want her, but after Kelly brought her into the West Wing when he first became chief of staff, he convinced Trump to select her. https://t.co/ZxPrKUMs08
Nielsen says the idea that this is a deterrent is offensive. "Why would I ever create a policy that purposely does this?"	John Kelly, her mentor, last year: "I am considering, in order to deter more movement along this terribly dangerous network, I am considering exactly that."
They have been flashing across television screens and printed on the front page of newspapers for days. https://t.co/DpPXoXrfcF
This is not going well.
RT @JakeSherman: What we’ve seen this afternoon: Members of Congress not terribly interested in the “blame Democrats” strategy, mostly bc i…
Department of Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen is now in the briefing room and will soon take questions from reporters. At her speech this morning, she said "don't believe the press."
RT @oliverdarcy: A White House official tells @jeffzeleny that @PressSec didn't want to do the briefing today amid questions on child separ…
Washington is over 1,000 miles away from New Orleans.... https://t.co/dkMO5O8V1z
Reminder that Nielsen was in New Orleans giving a speech this morning at 10 a.m......... https://t.co/YdmeHQWHh2
Sarah Sanders just now: "The briefing will be delayed until 5pm so that Department of Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen can join me and answer questions regarding immigration. Thank you for your patience." https://t.co/b3kdzH7sVB
RT @Phil_Mattingly: "The average number of Veterans who died by suicide each day remained unchanged at 20." https://t.co/R1zCP4QEQu
As bipartisan outrage grows over the administration's zero tolerance immigration policy, the White House briefing has been delayed from 1:15 to 3:30 to 4:00.
RT @ShimonPro: FBI’s Chris Wray on the Mueller investigation: 		“Senator as I said to you last month and as I said before, I do not believe…
Trump goes off script at the beginning of a White House space event, saying, “The United States will not be a migrant camp and it will not be a refugee holding facility."
President Trump just said Alabama is one of his "favorite places in the world."
The Trump administration's zero-tolerance policy that has resulted in thousands of family separations at the border hasn't deterred immigrants from trying to enter the country illegally, despite predictions that it would, internal DHS documents show.	https://t.co/1VwyDQk4lT
Something to keep in mind when the DHS Secretary says “don’t believe the press.” Reporters are covering this from the border and seeing the detention facilities with their own eyes. What’s not to believe?  https://t.co/dmEOOgja5Y
RT @BarakRavid: BREAKING: Former Israeli minister arrested and indicted for allegedly spying for Iranian intelligence, Shin-Bet says
RT @NBCNews: Texas detention officer charged with "super aggravated sexual assault" of a 4-year-old girl after authorities say her mother,…
The Homeland Security Secretary is now defending a policy that she said yesterday didn’t exist. https://t.co/OWJMLdSlWH
RT @CNNSitRoom: DHS Secretary says he's considering separating immigant children from their parents to deter illegal immigration https://t.…
Meanwhile, Trump has gotten differing advice from outside the White House. Scaramucci called it an "atrocious and inhumane" policy. Bannon said there's no need to justify it, calling it "a zero-tolerance situation." Giuliani said it's Sessions who isn't giving Trump good advice.
The White House is grappling with what to say about separating families at the border. Officials have blamed Democrats, denied it's happening, claimed nobody likes it but it's necessary, said they're just enforcing the law &amp; interestingly, that it needs to be communicated better.
He jokes here that the only thing he lied about was the Sloppy Steve thing. https://t.co/ZdIqhYjUgE
"This year's findings demonstrate how far out of reach modestly priced housing is for the growing low-wage work force, despite recent wage growth, and for other vulnerable populations across the country,” the report says.  https://t.co/xXQ36pQvaz
Karl: “He says things that aren’t true all the time.”	Bannon: “I don’t believe that.” https://t.co/lmED2MBbWx
RT @jaketapper: Breaking from @washingtonpost: Roger Stone says in May 2016 he met with a Russian man who offered damaging information abou…
RT @leylasantiago: Help CNN investigate hurricane-related deaths in Puerto Rico https://t.co/lAaSLyPkup via @cnn
He hasn’t been sentenced. He had his bail revoked and went to jail because he was accused of tampering with witnesses. https://t.co/TEhtD8KMpr
RT @ShimonPro: “The harm in this case is harm to the administration of justice and harm to the integrity of the court’s system, Judge Amy B…
https://t.co/L0gNuOAoL3
RT @ZekeJMiller: Trump on Kim Jong Un: “I gave him a very direct number” “He can now call me if he has any difficulties”
Michael Flynn......pleaded guilty......to lying to the FBI. https://t.co/GBbqnwSbkH
Trump says maybe Michael Flynn didn’t lie.
People are obedient when you threaten to starve and execute them. https://t.co/e3K6P4OHlj
Trump on saluting a North Korean general: https://t.co/eECcW8sLF0
I can’t remember the last time President Trump was on the North Lawn, if ever.
President Trump says that what James Comey did was “criminal,” which is not what the IG report found. “Should he be locked up? Let someone make the determination...”
Asking the secretary of state — who has traveled to Pyongyang twice this year — how the U.S. will verify that North Korea is denuclearizing is insulting. Got it. https://t.co/azlGuCFKkH
39 liveshots in 72 hours with this amazing team. Thanks Singapore — see you at the next nuclear summit. https://t.co/YjdbDd20D9
Dang. https://t.co/R9OpqjRrlr
Good news from the White House — Doctors at Walter Reed expect Larry Kudlow, the president’s economic adviser who had a heart attack earlier today, to make a full and speedy recovery. https://t.co/k8nctOtkKg
A statement from the parents of Otto Warmbier: “We appreciate President Trump's recent comments about our family. We are proud of Otto and miss him. Hopefully something positive can come from this.”
RT @GeraldFSeib: Peter Navarro, speaking at WSJ CFO Network just now, apologizes for "special place in hell" remark directed at Canada's Tr…
People tend to act like they like you when they think you will publicly execute them otherwise. https://t.co/0rFxvVV6HQ
After the South Koreans said they needed to figure out what Trump meant by his pledge to Kim Jong Un to stop joint U.S. military exercises, CNN has now learned that Trump and the South Korean President Moon Jae-in spoke about 20 minutes ago.
So neither the troops there nor the South Koreans were aware that Trump had agreed with Kim Jong Un that he would stop the U.S.-South Korean joint military exercises? https://t.co/g5Eez1kHok
Army Col. Chad Carroll, a spokesman for U.S. Forces Korea, says they've “received no official updated guidance on execution or cessation on any upcoming training exercises."
President Trump is in for a long flight back to Washington on Air Force One, which he says has “about 20 televisions.” He likely won’t see the coverage he wants or expected — as questions are being raised about what the U.S. gave up vs. what it got out of this sit down.
RT @elisewho: South Korean Blue House spox: “At this moment, the meaning and intention of President Trump's remarks requires more clear und…
RT @jameshohmann: The Trump presser was 65 minutes.
Trump says he has agreed to stop joint U.S.-South Korea military exercises, a huge concession. These exercises annoyed Kim greatly. What did he gain? He lists what's in his tweet from this a.m., return of soldiers' remains &amp; destruction of testing site, which wasn't in agreement https://t.co/5E7ebTrYDc
President Trump says he hasn't slept in 25 hours.
President Trump says human rights were discussed during his meeting with Kim Jong Un.
Trump says the U.S. won't reduce American forces on the Korean Peninsula for now, but he keeps using language like "denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula,” which, in the past, has typically included troops that are based in the region.
Asked if his commitment to Kim to provide security guarantees includes reducing military capabilities, Trump says, "We’re not reducing anything....I’d like to bring them home, but that’s not part of the equation right now....But we will be stopping the war games.”
RT @CNN: JUST IN: Read the full text of the Trump-Kim signed statement https://t.co/J6UUW64uZB https://t.co/QpWpTuzctw
RT @elianayjohnson: Before the signing, a member of the North Korean delegation or security team, wearing latex gloves, inspected the pen K…
RT @jeffzeleny: Asked whether he would like to invite Kim Jong Un to the White House, President Trump said: "absolutely I will."
What Trump and Kim just signed during that ceremony was described as “a comprehensive document,” later called a letter, but neither of them said what was actually in it.
Trump says he and Kim have “develeoped a special bond” after spending a “very intensive” time together today. “This is going to lead to more and more and more.”
Asked if Kim Jong Un agreed to denuclearize, President Trump says, “We are starting that process very quickly.”
“We are going to have a great discussion,” Trump says as he sits down with Kim Jong Un, adding “it’s my honor” and predicting “we will have a terrific relationship.”
What a moment. The two leaders exchanging a couple words with each other as they shook hands for the first time — what they said was inaudible. https://t.co/dG55QqDH33
President Trump just arrived for his sit down with Kim Jong Un on Sentosa Island — here goes the one-on-one.
Oh no. The president’s top economic adviser. https://t.co/tgIBKtKc0N
When the president tweets while you’re live on air... https://t.co/Kz2iRNZUDO
It’s 5:30 a.m. here in Singapore — and President Trump is tweeting right on schedule. Less than four hours until summit time. https://t.co/1cs5cnG6pp
I think I did a couple days ago but honestly can’t remember. https://t.co/ys2VgdOiaS
Marc Short, the White House legislative affairs director who is back in Washington, tells CNN "there is progress that they'll be announcing later that's not for me to announce" regarding the Kim summit.
RT @jeneps: Asked if the official WH position is that there's a special place in hell for Trudeau, Marc Short says on CNN: "The judgment da…
@anniekarni I'm embracing the Trump method.
Dennis Rodman has arrived in Singapore -- spotted by CNN at baggage claim in the airport.
A reminder that the guy being cheered is someone who executed his uncle and dozens of other officials, had his half-brother killed and starved his people in favor of building up a nuclear arsenal. https://t.co/96a0BFybuk
Sending a message? Kim Jong Un — who has barely left North Korea since coming to power — is out and about less than 12 hours before his meeting with President Trump. He seems carefree as he’s seen smiling in selfies and being cheered by folks at the Marina Bay Sands hotel.
White House announces Trump and Kim will have a bilateral meeting and working lunch tomorrow after their one-on-one tomorrow. Then Trump will have a press conference and depart Singapore at 8 p.m. No second day of meetings. https://t.co/CwkJO30x86
Trump and Kim will be the only two in the room (besides the translators) when they first sit down together. That raises the obvious concern — either side can say whatever they want about what was said and what was promised, and there is no one to corroborate it.
Pompeo grew irritated as reporters asked him about what transpired at the G7 and whether it could affect tomorrow’s negotiations — but it shows how Trump upending relationships with close allies in Canada has followed him all the way to Singapore.
President Trump spoke with the president of South Korea today, per the Blue House.
Singapore’s prime minister tells @camanpour that Singapore is footing part of North Korea’s bill for the U.S.-North Korea summit.
It’s 2:30 p.m. here in Singapore. The White House has called a lid, meaning we don’t expect to see Trump again today. The next time we will likely see him is when he is on his way to meet with Kim Jong Un.
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo says President Trump “is well-prepared for tomorrow’s engagement with Chairman Kim.” “The U.S. position remains clear and unchanged,” he adds.
Larry Kudlow accuses Justin Trudeau of “betrayal.” https://t.co/nj4pWspj9V
President Trump has arrived in Singapore for his meeting with Kim Jong Un.
RT @MarshallCohen: Today is the two-year anniversary of the infamous Trump Tower meeting between Don Jr., Manafort, Kushner and a group of…
Trump, not that long ago: "I would say the level of relationship is a 10. We have a great relationship. Angela and Emmanuel, Justin. I would say the relationship is a 10.” https://t.co/v7OUZndslJ
RT @CBSNews: Justify wins the 150th Belmont Stakes, becoming the 13th horse in history to win the Triple Crown https://t.co/0NO3ihaHKB http…
RT @corinne_perkins: The imprint of French President Emmanuel Macron's thumb can be seen across the back of Trump's hand after they shook h…
RT @TuckerCarlson: A lot will be said about Charles Krauthammer. I’d add just one thing. https://t.co/emaooPEigG
Heartbreaking news. Charles is one of the best. Brilliant, with a clever sense of humor.  https://t.co/purbb7va1m
Wheels up for Singapore. Here goes nothing. https://t.co/LvCXkfBrWe
RT @mkraju: To recap last 24 hours: Trump announces plans to leave G-7 early, gets into feud with leaders of France and Canada, praises Nor…
RT @jimsciutto: Russia was kicked out for its illegal annexation of Crimea. #Russia still controls Crimea and large parts of Eastern #Ukrai…
Thanks but no thanks? Muhammad Ali’s attorney said they “appreciate President Trump’s sentiment,” but a pardon is unnecessary. “The U.S Supreme Court overturned the conviction of Muhammad Ali in a unanimous decision in 1971. There is no conviction from which a pardon is needed.”
Trump says he doesn't think Paul Ryan was agreeing with Gowdy's assessment that the FBI acted properly by using a confidential source to contact members of his campaign. “If you look at what Paul Ryan is saying, it didn’t come out that way." But it very much did. https://t.co/nDDeez7tq3
President Trump doesn't disagree with Rudy Giuliani that being a porn star is not respectable work. “I’m not going to disagree with him on that," Trump said.
President Trump said he will bring up human rights with Kim Jong Un. “We’ll bring it up,” Trump said.
I asked Trump if he would pardon Paul Manafort and Michael Cohen. “I haven’t even thought about it...They haven’t been convicted of anything. It is far too early to be thinking about it.” Doesn’t rule it out.
President Trump says he would recommend adding Russia to the G8, which is now the G7. “Russia should be in this meeting,” Trump says. He later adds that he has been Russia’s worst nightmare.
President Trump says First Lady Melania Trump is doing well, but can’t come on the trip because she can’t fly for a month. Why? “She had a four hour procedure.”
President Trump says he’s a big believer in the freedom of the press, but he’s also “a believer in classified information.” “They finally caught a leaker.”
RT @sunny: If you are struggling, please reach out to someone or call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline		1-800-273-8255 https://t.co…
RT @AlliemalCNN: This is so devastating. Rest in Peace Anthony Bourdain, one of the best storytellers to walk this earth.
Horrible. https://t.co/yxaRYsvf7n
Trump leaves for Canada in an hour. https://t.co/9S4CX8tG9B
Wow.  https://t.co/BCSshE5VcB
Both Mike Pompeo and Marc Short have had to say on television today that Rudy Giuliani does not speak for the administration after he said earlier this week that Kim Jong Un got "on his hands and knees and begged" to have the summit.
The G7 should be fun. https://t.co/PgmPquNEdR
He's not exactly popular in the White House.... https://t.co/yan7exOhn5
RT @maggieNYT: Pirro interviewed to be the DAG. Sessions resisted. When he resisted, Trump advisors told him if he didn't give her a hearin…
Trump often compares Sanders with Spicer. He's much more pleased with the briefings nowadays, noting that she can push back on the press without losing her cool. "She's got a great face," the aesthetics-obsessed president said once. "Perfectly round."	https://t.co/KFQigL0PBc
Sarah Sanders learned how to challenge Trump by watching Hope Hicks, quietly observing how she picked her battles him. Eventually, they joined forces. But with Hicks's departure, Sanders has been on her own in dealing with the mercurial president.	https://t.co/KFQigL0PBc
Trump on Dennis Rodman coming to the North Korea summit: "I like him. He’s a nice guy. But he’s not invited."
President Trump says he's "very well prepared" for the North Korea summit. "I don't think I have to prepare very much. It's about attitude. It's about willingness to get things done," adding that he's been preparing for this summit "for a long time."
Totally focused on his meeting with the Japanese prime minister (who arrives in 45 minutes), a potentially confrontational G7 summit and his sit down Kim Jong Un. https://t.co/Xjf2eQXO08
RT @Kevinliptakcnn: Hazards of diplomatic quote tweeting: https://t.co/lmooar227e
RT @SteveKopack: @kaitlancollins Ross said on CNBC that the deal was agreed upon at 6a ET this morning
Larry Kudlow yesterday on this: "No decision has been reached by both sides as of now.” https://t.co/ZiQzhr8YAD
RT @CNNValencia: BREAKING- When asked what it means to her being released by President @realDonaldTrump, Alicia Johnson said, “It means tha…
White House statement on commuting Alice Johnson's sentence says "while this Administration will always be very tough on crime, it believes that those who have paid their debt to society and worked hard to better themselves while in prison deserve a second chance." https://t.co/N9KZYtYDYR
And President Trump has commuted Alice Johnson’s sentence — there had been some debate in the White House over whether to pardon or commute. https://t.co/rO1aqP4mGR
Today Paul Ryan became the highest-ranking Republican to throw cold water on President Trump's claim that federal law enforcement officials improperly placed a spy in his campaign. https://t.co/XZ8U0UoKwm
In light of his recent pardoning spree, Trump allies have begun lobbying him for people they believe should also be forgiven. https://t.co/UavwBb9hIr
The White House has prepared the paperwork to pardon at least 30 more people, signaling that President Trump is poised to exert his constitutional power and intervene, in some instances, where he believes the Justice Department has overstepped.		https://t.co/UavwBb9hIr
I can't believe I have to say this......but I'm being sarcastic. Please stop explaining this to me. https://t.co/ouOAejkmD4
Kellyanne Conway reiterates what we reported yesterday — that the White House has been strategizing for the last few weeks a way for Kelly Sadler to leave the executive office but go somewhere else in the administration.
Can someone explain to me how the president dictating a misleading statement on Air Force One with a bunch of White House officials on board is a matter for the outside counsel?
Martha Roby, who un-endorsed Trump in 2016 when the Access Hollywood tape went public, has been forced into a runoff. "I cannot look my children in the eye and justify a vote for a man who promotes and boasts about sexually assaulting women," she said. https://t.co/lr2nqqrFW9
RT @NewDay: They're "turning this into something about the national anthem and patriotism in general but ... no Philadelphia Eagles went in…
RT @JeffFlake: .@SteveScalise back on the field this morning. This does my heart good. https://t.co/97uQImUgCl
RT @LauraAJarrett: Some news to watch -&gt; former FBI Director Andrew McCabe in negotiations with Senate Judiciary Chair Chuck Grassley for i…
The White House is allowing Sadler to leave quietly three weeks after her crass remark without ever having condemned it. https://t.co/D859d5fndA
Kelly Sadler out, per @NoahGrayCNN  https://t.co/zkMWgTWiZN
Oh. https://t.co/lREmjYNxM6
Maybe I have a weird sense of humor but I don't think the White House should make light of how its EPA administrator is mired in ethics scandals or that the President is consumed by his contempt for the attorney general. https://t.co/5fL6uh6viV
Interesting state of the White House: Yesterday Sarah Sanders laughed when a reporter asked about the EPA chief trying to buy a used Trump hotel mattress. Today she laughs when a reporter refers to Jeff Sessions as Trump's favorite piñata. Both powerful members of the Cabinet.
Trump-Kim summit location update. https://t.co/iBO7z28Wqc
Asked to corroborate this figure, the Eagles declined to comment to @AlliemalCNN.
@DemFromCT @tvn_Red My bad!
In a new statement, the White House says that "the vast majority of the Eagles team decided to abandon their fans" by not showing up for the celebration today. https://t.co/hXxNl3E6oC
The Philadelphia Eagles told the White House in recent days that 81 people from its organization were expected to attend the celebration. Then, on Monday, they were told that less than 10 people, including coaches and trainers, were scheduled to attend the event.
The final number of players that were scheduled to attend the celebration is unclear. Some White House officials heard ten. Some heard as few as four. https://t.co/RVCMnrI2Mj
President Trump was infuriated when he was told hardly any Eagles players were planning on attending the celebration today — well aware of what the optics would be if he had to pose with less than a dozen players. But he was insistent on holding an event anyway, I'm told.
RT @jaketapper: The Eagles player said the president making an issue of players who take a knee during the national anthem to protest racia…
No Eagles players knelt or stayed in the locker room during the national anthem last year. But this is a fight the president is more than willing to engage in, because he believes it resonates with his base and is a winning issue. https://t.co/juIEcJeEWo
RT @perlberg: Here comes yet another book from Trumpworld: HR McMaster is shopping a book around, his agent confirmed to me tonight https:/…
And @jaketapper
Someone check on @AlliemalCNN
President Trump cancels event with the Philadelphia Eagles, saying in a statement they "are unable to come to the White House with their full team to be celebrated tomorrow. They disagree with their President because he insists that they proudly stand for the National Anthem." https://t.co/hMm3vlyuFJ
RT @jeffzeleny: A person inside the room tells me Trump made a light-hearted joke about First Lady’s absence, saying the media was asking:…
Something to keep in mind when people say that the president would surely be impeached if he pardoned himself. https://t.co/DrwklK5PJA
Then why did he say on multiple occasions that Trump didn’t dictate the statement? He’s in the same boat as Sanders here. https://t.co/UVqaR5YZl7
The press secretary made a statement last fall that the president’s legal team has since contradicted in a letter sent to the special counsel. One of them is wrong. But instead of saying who is telling the truth, the spokesman for the president just chose not to answer. https://t.co/OtqMmMWsXE
RT @MarshallCohen: ....and her statement was about actions taken by the president on a taxpayer-funded airplane. https://t.co/lTw2AH8tmM
Taxpayer-funded press secretary won’t answer questions about a statement she made from the briefing room in the taxpayer-funded White House.
Sen. Grassley to CNN: “If I were President of the United States and I had a lawyer that told me I could pardon myself, I think I would hire a new lawyer."
"Hupp said that she recalled Pruitt 'has spoken with someone at the Trump Hotel who had indicated there could be a mattress he could purchase, an old mattress he could purchase.'" 	https://t.co/l7JFvoqCPD
What? https://t.co/yKBoI4W4NM
It's not a hypothetical to ask about the president pardoning himself. Here he is bringing it up himself. This raises the obvious question: is the president asserting his power to pardon himself in case he one day needs to do so? https://t.co/EcXuB3uYAP
Me: Why does the president think he’s above the law?	Kellyanne: “Excuse me. Did he say that?"	Me: Why does he think he’s above the law?	Kellyanne: "Well, why would he need to pardon himself when he’s done nothing wrong? You just like to engage in these hypothetical exercises.."
Notably doesn’t say he wouldn’t. https://t.co/wIxpxxm4eC
Bill Clinton is asked if he feels more responsibility in light of the Me Too movement. He answers by saying he was $16 million in debt when he left the WH and argues he did a lot for women in Arkansas, including a sexual harassment policy and two women chiefs of staff. https://t.co/V5zEsGNuzz
Sam Nunberg: "The president has never been investigated for obstruction of justice before..." 	@JohnBerman: "Richard Nixon. Bill Clinton."
Great piece on Steven Mnuchin's balancing act -- staying in the president's good graces while advocating for a more free-trade approach. https://t.co/7dQITRjSOs
Um.......... https://t.co/UWHbnwXgdb
The fact that this was said on one of the president's favorite television shows as he is considering commuting Blagojevich's sentence is not a coincidence. https://t.co/aEbtCOdWoG
Giuliani and co. are arguing that, while President Trump has the power to pardon himself, he won't do so because it would lead to his impeachment. But the Republican-led Congress has actually given no indication of that, establishing no red lines for POTUS here.
Of Rod Blagojevich, Judge Jeanine says there are "many who feel, and maybe even the president, that the guy was just kind of practicing politics." He. Tried. To. Sell. A. Senate. Seat. He was convicted on 17 corruption charges and impeached 117-1. https://t.co/yrFNR6MVh8
From the briefing when Sanders denied that Trump dictated the misleading statement on his son's meeting with Russians, which his legal team now says he did do. She adds, "This is all discussion, frankly, of no consequence." https://t.co/4EtfWvKP2c
RT @meridithmcgraw: NEW: First Lady Melania Trump will not attend the G7 or Singapore summit with President Trump, @FLOTUS Communications D…
Joe Hagin oversees nearly every aspect of the White House's logistical and personnel operations. Somewhat amazingly, his middle name is.......Whitehouse. 	https://t.co/8FH0gQXOPY
"The question of who will pay for what goes to the heart of who is really hosting the meeting. That question hovers over many other decisions, including who will determine the menus for meals, as well as who walks into the meeting venue first." https://t.co/livRtcb376
RT @ABCPolitics: Asked about shifting explanations for statement on Trump Tower meeting, Rudy Giuliani tells @GStephanopoulos:		"This is th…
Trump's legal team acknowledged for the first time that he dictated the misleading statement about Trump Jr.'s meeting with Russians, something both Jay Sekulow and Sarah Sanders denied ever happened. https://t.co/Pn2JXis0wD https://t.co/bYHCdTQGhq
RT @AP: Saudi Arabia's prosecutor says 17 detained on suspicion of trying to undermine security and stability. https://t.co/G9aVPqK6q5
President Trump says he hasn't opened the letter from Kim Jong Un yet. Kim Yong Chol told him he could read it later, he said.
Trump: "I don't want to use the term maximum pressure anymore. I don't want to use that term. We're getting along. You see the relationship. It's not a question of maximum pressure."
TRUMP just now: "We will be meeting on June 12 in Singapore. You'll be in Singapore on June 12."
After over an hour in the Oval, President Trump and Kim Yong Chol's talk has ended. They are chatting and taking photos on the South Lawn now.
Kim Yong Chol — Kim Jong Un’s righthand man and former spy chief — is expected to meet briefly with President Trump in the Oval soon, the pool says. He’s bringing a sealed letter from the North Korean dictator.
Her husband tried to sell a Senate seat. 17 corruption charges. Impeached 117-1. And the Illinois Senate voted unanimously to remove and bar him from holding office in the state again. https://t.co/0xIxst02TY
Scott Pruitt spent a month’s rent in Washington on....................12 pens.  https://t.co/KTy6L92Mk5
https://t.co/IFHGMDC9e7
"This certainly was a no-no," tweeted Ari Fleisher, who was press secretary for President George W. Bush. "The advance info is sacrosanct - not to be shared."	https://t.co/jm5up6WB2i
There is serious infighting on the president's economic team. Asked how his relationship with Mnuchin is, Larry Kudlow says, "Good." What about Peter Navarro? "Peter Navarro is a personal friend of mine," Kudlow says. "I've gotten along with Peter for over 20 years."
.@JDiamond1 with the obvious question for Larry Kudlow: Why would the president tell anybody to look at the jobs report if it was going to be negative?
The U.S. economy added 223,000 jobs in May. Unemployment dropped to 3.8 percent.
"A total double standard." Roseanne Barr made a racist remark about a former White House official, but Trump's only comment on that was that he should have also received an apology from the network for the things they have said about him. https://t.co/ZeHSqrfKWY
This is like when Pence told Arpaio, who was convicted of criminal contempt of court for ignoring a judge’s order to stop detaining people because he guessed they were undocumented, that he was a tireless champion of the rule of the law. https://t.co/loaJIwpbRM
D'Souza says Trump told him he was a voice for freedom, had been screwed and that a great injustice had been done. D'Souza was convicted of violating campaign finance laws after he told people he would reimburse them in cash if they donated to a Senate candidate.
Trump has had one underlying reasoning for pardoning people, or potentially doing so. D'Souza? Treated unfairly. Blagojevich? Treated unfairly. Stewart? Treated unfairly. Libby and Arpaio? Both treated unfairly. Guess who else he has said was treated unfairly? Flynn and Cohen.
@jdawsey1 @pnutpow Thank you Josh. I’m an OK person but extremely proud Bammer.
The Justice Department has spent roughly $17 million investigating Russian meddling in the presidential election since last May, according to a new spending report released Thursday. https://t.co/zSafpV5Grl
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo says he doesn't know if we will know tomorrow if the summit is officially back on. June 12 is in.....12 days.
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders called Bee's language "vile and vicious," adding, "Her disgusting comments and show are not fit for broadcast." 	https://t.co/Q88YZ6xJyM
Trump says he had never met or spoken to D'Souza before this week. He called him last night to tell him he was pardoning him. Though Trump says no one told him to pardon D'Souza, I'm told Sen. Ted Cruz was one of several people who personally asked Trump to consider doing so.
Trump said Blagojevich said something “stupid" but that his sentence “unfair.” "Plenty of other politicians could have said a lot worse," he said. The former gov. was convicted of wire fraud, soliciting bribes, attempted extortion and conspiracy to solicit and accept bribes.
Hours after announcing he will pardon Dinesh D’Souza, Trump told reporters during the flight to Texas that he is considering pardoning or commuting the sentence of former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich and Martha Stewart.
This fits a pattern in this White House. Most of the president's pardons are unexpected, sometimes even to his own staff. https://t.co/ZFyn9BwR1V
Deputy press secretary Raj Shah explains Trump’s pardon of Dinesh D’Souza by saying he is “an individual who has made restitution and accepted responsibility for his actions” and that “many believe he was subject of selective prosecution.”
This will raise the question if Trump is sending a message with these pardons. Arpaio, Libby, D'Souza. What about Manafort, Flynn and Cohen? https://t.co/mYZUp2DINS
Past presidents have typically waited until the end of their term for controversial pardons. Not Trump. He's 16 months in and has pardoned Scooter Libby, Joe Arpaio and now Dinesh. 	https://t.co/mYZUp2DINS
President Trump tells reporters at Joint Base Andrews that the North Koreans want to deliver a letter from Kim Jong Un, likely this Friday, and that they are coming to Washington.
An incredibly useful way to understand the Russia investigation. Keep all the witness interviews, subpoenas, criminal charges and key players straight, courtesy of @MarshallCohen https://t.co/T1DhlVJVWX
Normally Trump contradicts his press secretaries, Cabinet members, etc. Here he's contradicting himself. https://t.co/2YbHQ2NMrl
Trey Gowdy, a Republican who was in the highly classified briefing on this, said the FBI acted properly. No mention of that from Trump. And silence from Devin Nunes, who was in that same briefing, which speaks volumes. https://t.co/IPpPZ2t059
Millions of people = me. https://t.co/5abAlYjkwf
Rudy Giuliani says that if Mueller “doesn’t file his report by September 1, mid-September, he’s clearly doing a Comey," later adding of Trump, "I don't think he's going to fire Mueller. Mueller is creating his own problems."
Rudy Giuliani said he only speaks to the special counsel's office over the phone when he is in Washington.
Rudy says Trump won't fire Sessions before the special counsel's investigation is over. “There’s no doubt he’s complained about him..no doubt he has some grievances. I don’t know if they’ve aired them out yet, but he’s not going to fire him before this is over."
Asked if Trump was thinking about Hope Hicks when he tweeted this, Rudy Giuliani says, "Yes, he means Hope Hicks. He means them all. Not just Hope." https://t.co/xPpRJ1K7Pc
That’s POTUS practicing his swing on the South Lawn while John Kelly watches from a distance. https://t.co/0AmxKgtYvh
The First Lady hasn’t been seen publicly in 20 days. The White House has been tight-lipped with updates on her. https://t.co/ikGr9HxUML
During health and fitness event at the White House, Trump jokingly asks, “Do I have social skills? I have social media.”
RT @jimsciutto: “One thing that affects mine and other students’ mental health is to worry about the fact that we or our friends will get s…
RT @charliespiering: Sarah Sanders voice cracks with emotion after a child asks her about what the administration is doing to stop school s…
He stated it as fact that the government put a spy inside his presidential campaign last week — not that it was just something that should be looked into. https://t.co/NapoIgUzOQ
Pompeo told Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov that the U.S. wants a better relationship with Russia, but "achieving that will require Russia to demonstrate it is prepared to take concrete actions to address our concerns, including interfering in U.S. domestic matters," per readout https://t.co/v3ZtBTUvXj
RT @charliespiering: Jordan McLinn, a boy suffering from Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy hugs @realDonaldTrump after he signs “Right to Try” Le…
Visiting the Trump Hotel for dinner, Trump has typically asked for his favorite steak. But on one recent visit he chose the Dover sole instead (it sells for $64 dollars a plate and comes laden with soy brown butter and capers). From @Kevinliptakcnn 	https://t.co/tYU5o9nqUB
Sarah Sanders said just yesterday that President Trump was not focused on things like this. https://t.co/J3YK3wmLxP
What https://t.co/5kFld9H8ZS
Trump quotes Gowdy saying he understands his frustration regarding the Sessions recusal, but notable doesn't include him saying the FBI did the right thing regarding the intelligence source and that others who have seen the intelligence agree with him on that.
After the NYT reports that President Trump asked Sessions to reverse his recusal from the Russia investigation last March, Trump repeats that he wishes he had picked someone else as attorney general. https://t.co/Sb26EuGhsW
RT @EamonJavers: Not that this will deter the conspiracy theorists, but I saw the First Lady walking with her aides in the West Wing yester…
Gowdy later adds: "I think when the President finds out what happened, he is going to be not just fine, he is going to be glad we have an FBI that took seriously what they heard. He was never the target. Russia was the target." https://t.co/XVKGsYhPvm
Sarah Sanders doesn’t say if Trump thinks “Roseanne” should have been canceled, only saying he’s “extremely focused” on North Korea summit, economy, etc. “That’s not what he’s focused on.” (He called Roseanne earlier this year to congratulate her on her ratings.)
RT @peterbakernyt: Russian journalist who fled his country after threats last year is found shot to death at his apartment in Kiev. https:/…
RT @nytimes: ABC has canceled "Roseanne," hours after Roseanne Barr sent a racist tweet about Valerie Jarrett https://t.co/zcafYD87lN
News: John Bolton has added two more loyalists to the National Security Council. Sarah Tinsley started last week and Garrett Marquis began today — both have been named senior director for communications. https://t.co/bAbe0ozIg7
Aaand the White House effectively reinstates the Singapore summit. Sarah Sanders: "Since the President’s May 24th letter, the North Koreans have been engaging. The United States continues to actively prepare for President Trump’s expected summit with leader Kim in Singapore."
The White House confirms that Secretary of State Mike Pompeo will meet with Kim Yong Chol in New York this week.
RT @mkraju: Mnuchin last week: "We're putting the trade war on hold ... Right now, we have agreed to put tariffs on hold while we try to ex…
I asked Kellyanne what she meant by this. She said, "That's what I read in reputable places." https://t.co/RV7D61n8gZ
Kellyanne Conway says on Fox News that the term collusion doesn't have "legal significance."
Says the guy who has tweeted 12 times about the Russia investigation since Saturday. https://t.co/YR11d5E9Eh
The president is questioning the legitimacy of the November elections just hours before he holds a rally in Tennessee, where Republicans are trying to hold on to a crucial Senate seat. https://t.co/53fu1jT1oh
Trump confirms that Kim Jong Un's right-hand man is headed for the U.S. (The summit, which was supposed to take place in two weeks, hasn't officially been reinstated yet.) https://t.co/OcurEJcGul
After his remarks, President Trump goes down the line at Arlington cemetery to thank service members individually and shake their hands.
The First Lady, who underwent a medical procedure at Walter Reed two weeks ago, is not in attendance at today’s Memorial Day ceremony at Arlington cemetery. https://t.co/24cXWQTy5U
Chief of Staff John Kelly has arrived at Arlington National Cemetery ahead of President Trump's visit this Memorial Day. Kelly's son, who died in Afghanistan, is buried there in section 60.
At first, it was anything but a coveted resting place. Early burials were ordinary soldiers whose families couldn't afford to have their remains shipped home, but as revered Union officers later chose to be buried among the troops, it rose in prestige. https://t.co/WugPhVEbn3
Arlington is running out of room. Even if the last rinds of open ground around its edges are put to use, the cemetery will be completely full in about 25 years.	https://t.co/WugPhVEbn3
A powerful, humbling morning. 🇺🇸 https://t.co/SNdz0dTRWd
The President says a lot of things, like that the FBI spied on his campaign, w/o proof, when multiple officials say it's not true. But here he is saying that the United States Justice Department, which is investigating Russian interference in the election, colluded with Russia. https://t.co/Ofy0DicC4a
This official made this comment in the briefing room, down the hall from the Oval, and the only reason it wasn't on the record was because the White House insisted that it be on background. So this is not the President vs. the media, it's the President vs. his own White House. https://t.co/f7LedYZzSe
RT @markknoller: Wasn't on @VP press schedule Thursday as he visited gravesite of Marine Corps 1st Lt. Robert M. Kelly, son of White House…
Letters From the Children of Fallen Service Members to the Parents They Lost: This is what Memorial Day means to military children who have lost a parent.	https://t.co/CzvkIS7I9o
Your friendly reminder that President Trump is staying put in Washington this Memorial Day and we are likely in for a looong weekend of tweeting. https://t.co/e21WZfPFfX
RT @jaketapper: Natl Security Council confirms WH talking to N. Korea again https://t.co/7mz9IGcQ4p @kaitlancollins reports @TheLeadCNN
After a breakdown in communications in recent days, the White House confirms what Trump said earlier — that talks with the North Koreans are back on. Pompeo said yesterday that Pyongyang wasn't responding. U.S. advance staff who traveled to Singapore earlier were also stood up.
RT @mkraju: Sarah Sanders on Tuesday on DOJ briefings on confidential FBI source:  “No one from the White House staff will attend.”	Sarah S…
Sarah Sanders didn't give a yes or no answer when asked if John Kelly and Emmett Flood got a readout of the briefings yesterday, only saying, "They didn’t participate in the meeting and they weren’t part of that process."
Sarah Sanders says Joe Hagin and the rest of the White House advance staff for the (canceled?) Singapore summit haven't left Washington yet, but there's a chance they could. "We'll see. We still have a few hours before that takes place."
RT @KellyO: "What should I do?....I'll stay. I'll stay"  @realDonaldTrump saying he could leave after speaking, shake hands with top 100 in…
Hogan Gidley says John Kelly and Emmett Flood were in the briefing yesterday for 30 to 90 seconds “and then they left.” @LauraAJarrett saw them leave the DOJ at the same time as Nunes, Gowdy and Ryan.
“Smiling” https://t.co/36vGmg49NU
Sarah Sanders says “neither Chief Kelly nor Mr. Flood actually attended the meetings but did make brief remarks before the meetings started to relay the President’s desire for as much openness as possible under the law.” https://t.co/ikcd9Rl8iK
The White House lawyer dealing with the Russia probe just attended — for at least some period of time — a briefing on the Russia probe between the DOJ and lawmakers. https://t.co/NiVtsOG3ei
What Sarah Sanders said when Emmet Flood joined: “...will be joining the White House staff to represent the president and the administration against the Russia witch hunt.” https://t.co/NiVtsOG3ei
Wow — @LauraAJarrett saw Emmett Flood leaving the Department of Justice alongside Nunes, Gowdy, Ryan and Kelly. Flood replaced Ty Cobb on Trump’s legal team earlier this year.
Trump Tuesday: “I will say I’m a little disappointed, because when Kim Jong Un had the meeting with President Xi, in China, the second meeting—the first meeting we knew about—the second meeting—I think there was a little change in attitude from Kim Jong Un. So I don’t like that.” https://t.co/HlFGXc4eNA
Trump says the dialogue with North Korea “was very good until recently.”
This pretty much sums up what it’s like to cover this White House. https://t.co/RZUb9jxZhh
President Trump, after canceling the North Korea summit in a lengthy letter just a few hours ago, says just now that there’s a chance the “existing summit” could still take place.
Sadly I just turned 26 :( https://t.co/NRVyYlXUpm
The end of the statement from a senior North Korean official: “We can also make the U.S. taste an appalling tragedy it has neither experienced nor even imagined up to now.” https://t.co/COsae3G2GX
White House aides have said for a few days that they were still moving forward with preparations for the summit, but several noted that there had been little, if any, communication with North Korea. South Korea said same when they were here. https://t.co/CRuhCNoWdx
Trump made the final decision to cancel the summit in Singapore this morning. And that letter to Kim Jong Un? It will be delivered through the channels that Secretary Pompeo uses to communicate with North Korea.
A senior official said the threat of nuclear war from North Korea in the latest statement calling Pence a dummy was the final straw for the U.S. ahead of the summit, saying it could have “never worked under these circumstances.”
RT @AlliemalCNN: Our @willripleyCNN is live from North Korea on CNN with @PoppyHarlowCNN giving the first reactions from inside the country.
Secretary of State Pompeo is now reading President Trump’s letter to Kim Jong Un during his hearing on Capitol Hill.
But Trump said yesterday that the trade deal with China is "moving along nicely." https://t.co/2QId6syf0Z
Things Clapper has said: 1) The FBI wasn’t spying on the Trump campaign 2) The purpose of the intel source was to find out what the Russians were doing to penetrate a political campaign 3) He wouldn’t have had knowledge of this person in real time. https://t.co/KiJ4BSbqU2
James Clapper did not say this. https://t.co/bwgUZkFlhK
Service members entrusted with guarding nuclear missiles bought, distributed and used the hallucinogen LSD and other mind-altering illegal drugs as part of a ring that operated undetected for months on a highly secure military base in Wyoming.		https://t.co/IBBaW7FMYB
President Trump says he would like to see denuclearization in North Korea "done immediately," but "physically a phase in may be a little bit necessary." "It would have to be a rapid phase in but I’d like to see it done at one time."
RT @cnnbrk: A missile which brought down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 in eastern Ukraine nearly four years ago was fired from a launcher bel…
RT @mkraju: So Sanders said no WH official to attend briefing. (Kelly listed as attendee.) She didn’t mention Rosenstein attending. (He wil…
President Trump once again incorrectly quotes James Clapper. "I mean if you look at Clapper…he sort of admitted that they had spies in the campaign yesterday inadvertently. I hope it’s not true but it looks like it is."
RT @jeffzeleny: President Trump doubles down on what he’s calling ‘Spygate.’ He doesn’t answer questions about Rosenstein’s fate. https://t…
President Trump says we will know “next week” about Singapore.
Deputy press secretary Hogan Gidley was just on Fox defending the president's allegations about a spy, but he stopped short of stating it as fact, as Trump did this morning. Lots of “reports of a potential spy…” “if, in fact, this occurred” “if these reports are true…” instead.
This from the president who has claimed that Barack Obama wiretapped him, suggested there were tapes of his conversations with James Comey, speculated that Obama wasn't born in the U.S. and implied that Joe Scarborough played a role in the death of an intern, just to name a few. https://t.co/Szh6QiucDz
What James Clapper said yesterday on The View when asked if the FBI spied on the Trump campaign: “They were not. They were spying — a term I don't particularly like — on what the Russians were doing." https://t.co/noeCH9ikH6
RT @vanessagezari: Lesley Stahl asked Trump in semi-private meeting why he’s always attacking the press. His answer: “I want to demean you…
“Your vote in 2018 is every bit as important as 2016, though I’m not sure I really believe that. I don’t know who the hell wrote that line. But it’s still important,” President Trump said at the Susan B. Anthony dinner tonight, per the pool.
President Trump has signed H.R. 3210, the "Securely Expediting Clearances Through Reporting Transparency (SECRET) Act of 2018," which requires reports on security clearance background investigations. https://t.co/mtB9BxcGBx
RT @Phil_Mattingly: read @donnaborak on the financial regulation rollback bill headed to the President's desk: https://t.co/xiiwaI7spK
I’m offended. https://t.co/aERnVFELsg
This is why it doesn’t work when the White House explains the lack of press conferences by saying the president has press availabilities like these, where he can pick and choose which questions he wants to answer. https://t.co/G1YzuSeaSW
RT @CNNPolitics: South Korean President Moon Jae-in arrives at the White House amid uncertainty over the Trump-Kim summit https://t.co/jp4Y…
The South Korean president has arrived at the White House for a working lunch with President Trump. He’s scheduled to be here for about two hours, but there’s no joint press conference for the two leaders as they prepare for a potentially historic summit in Singapore.
RT @jimsciutto: Asked by @KateBolduan just now if he accepts IC assessment that #Russia interfered in 2016 to benefit Trump, GOP @RepJeffDe…
"Guards barred an AP reporter from passing through a security checkpoint inside the building. When the reporter asked to speak to an EPA public-affairs person, the security guards grabbed her by the shoulders and shoved her forcibly out of the building."	https://t.co/WCNB5vVfkr
RT @MarshallCohen: Whoa... DHS Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen told @mkraju moments ago that she is "not aware" of the US intelligence community…
It's a constant battle. https://t.co/G3KnvNgOnw
Sarah Sanders says that “based on the meeting" w Trump yesterday, the DOJ decided to expand its ongoing inquiry into the surveillance of a former Trump campaign staffer to include his Twitter demand. But how could the DOJ base a decision made Sunday on a meeting held Monday? https://t.co/ZWWJJwzehS
"...And given Mueller's assiduous refusal to discuss his own work, Giuliani's comments are virtually impossible to fact-check."	https://t.co/VNQKlqKQqG
RT @LauraAJarrett: As we wait to see how this plays out, recall how it began--when DOJ first told Nunes it couldn't risk placing the specif…
Trump praises Devin Nunes during the top of his remarks at Gina Haspel's swearing-in, calling him "a very courageous man." Adding: "Thank you very much, Devin, for being here, appreciate it."
The White House is doubling down on the president's use of the term "animals," which he says was directed at members of the MS-13 gang, issuing a statement titled, "WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT THE VIOLENT ANIMALS OF MS-13." https://t.co/aPboEAJMNf
RT @PhilipRucker: The last time he visited Langley, he gave an airing-of-grievances speech in front of the wall of stars honoring fallen co…
Asked if President Trump is getting cold feet before his scheduled meeting with Kim Jong Un, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin tells reporters in front of the White House, "I don't think the President gets cold feet about anything."
President Trump is going after former CIA director John Brennan this morning — quoting someone who said Brennan is "responsible for the destruction of American’s faith in the intel community" — shortly before he heads to Langley to swear in the new CIA director, Gina Haspel.
@oliverdarcy Not looking good. It’s only 30 years into a 70 year life expectancy.
Also, President Trump is dining with South Carolina Gov. Henry McMaster tomorrow night. McMaster sent a UH-72A Lakota and nine soldiers to the border last month after Trump called for ramping up security there. https://t.co/5Zeo9pcd5i
Several great stories in the P&amp;C, including this from the front page on what happens when children who have spent most of their lives in foster care turn 18. https://t.co/6R9M1giIpM
Kellyanne Conway says she’s “technically not a member” of the White House press shop, but is “helping them out temporarily.” Then makes the argument that President Trump doesn’t need a comms director, which sounds like a smart tactic if you don’t want that job.
“Jeff Sessions is dangerous to the Trump agenda” is........not a sentiment most people would agree with. He’s actually one of few who has diligently pushed the Trump agenda on immigration and criminal justice. https://t.co/hZOv8n5sGw
When the Charleston airport doesn’t sell the Sunday edition of the New York Times. (I’m about to be real caught up on the South Carolina real estate world.) https://t.co/Yc16U16HtB
@jonathanvswan 😂
Mnuchin on Fox, "We have agreed to put the tariffs on hold while we try to execute the framework.” Adds: “We’re putting the trade war on hold."
Trump and Moon spoke yesterday "to discuss recent developments in North Korea and to continue their close coordination ahead of President Trump’s June 12 meeting with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un," per the White House. https://t.co/KzTFCWm984
"broke into homes &amp; offices" = lawfully used a search warrant https://t.co/xMBdD1Fi31
RT @ShaneGoldmacher: A single secret donor gave the Paul Ryan-aligned group $24.6 million last year as Congress rewrote the tax code.		Did…
Melania Trump is back at the White House, “resting comfortably,” her office says. https://t.co/FzxsEjZSO0
There was a creeping sense of paranoia inside the White House communications team this week, with several officials worried they could be fired at a moment’s notice.  https://t.co/hECW1qADHC
RT @AaronBlake: 🚨 Giuliani asked whether a president can obstruct justice: “He can.”		Trump’s legal team (Dowd) previously said he couldn’t.