RIP Luke Perry.  Always enjoyed his work in 90210 and beyond.
@Tiffani317 Wherever the next chapter in our business leads, keep your head up.
Gotta be awake today.  Slashing through many of the words I find nearly impossible to properly enunciate on live television: "defibrillator" and, a new entry for here in Iowa, "Buttigieg".  These join my usual offenders: "renewable fuels", "brewery" and "rural".
@DGQuoVadimus As the social chair of a fraternity in 1994, yes... that was in the "Rhythm is a Dancer" and "100% Pure Love" genre...
“Show Me Love” by Robyn (1997) had been stuck on an endless loop in my head since about Thursday.  Still holds up. I’ve had sinus infections that haven’t been in my head this long.
Plenty of two-hour delays to open up this Monday morning.  Cedar Rapids, Prairie, Linn-Mar, Marion, Dubuque (and others)... sleep in.  https://t.co/p6y4Q0OGOH
I'll definitely get the Iowa women's 74-50 win over Northwestern into the 11 am newscast, just for the line "Iowa's defense was tighter than jeans just out of the dryer."
The #AMNewser lifestyle.  Watching SKC at 1:30 am as I get steps in.  Thanks to my son for earmarking about nine different points so I can watch it in about 20 minutes. https://t.co/Ya9du0cofK
@jchristensenTV9 Thanks for setting me straight, Josh.
@PickswiseNFL If the AAF makes it until 20 states allow sports action, under players could keep the economy afloat for years.
Every day the last five weeks in Iowa is like Rocky training against Drago.  Climbing mountains.  Chopping wood with his bare hands.  Killing game to feed that deadbeat Pauly. https://t.co/uyJsRS2oGv
@PickswiseNFL I’d hold off any AAF overs until 2 of 4 hit in one weekend.   Unders 10-4 even after splitting yesterday.
@RobertPriceTV Nobody is asking to go to the safe.  Yet.
“Jessie’s Girl” plays between performances at a show choir.  Of course, I hear firecrackers and see Dirk with a thousand yard stare, wondering how it ever got to this point.
What?  They’re getting crushed by Rutgers?  Can they add that 25-point shot from the MTV Rock n Jock game in 1990?  Bohannon would drain two of those.
If the ref at Tottenham would have been at Arrowhead, the Chiefs would have played in the Super Bowl.  That was offside.
As divisive as politics is in 2019, it was six administrations ago that Night Ranger summed up one self-evident truth that still holds up today.  You can still rock in America.   All day.  All night.
@MCFick O-71.   O-71.
@MitchMossRadio Listened on BSM Podcast with you on it.  Great EC stories on WBIZ and Sullivan/Hansen.  Did we cross paths when I was doing weekend sports at WEAU in 98-99?  Continued success!
Smokey and the Bandit 4.  McConaghey in the Trans Am, Will Ferrell in the semi with Fred.  Jamie Foxx as the sheriff.  Rachel McAdams as the hitchhiker.  How this not work?
March.  A time of hope, renewal and lows of -12 on Monday morning.  Welcome!  @KCRG until 7 a.m.  Come on over.
@JackLamsonCBS6 Like a drifter, I was born to walk alone.
@PerchedGridiron @TheAAF Expansion?  Isn’t this endeavor burning stacks and stacks of cash?  Can’t imagine it working north of, say, I-70 in too many places.  Awfully cold to sit outside and watch an 18-12 game.
50 years ago today, Jim Morrison would have broken Twitter. #LooongNightinMiami
@RonMarasco Why didn’t you say hi to me at the gym?  I was in the smoothie bar, eating deep-fried bagels with chocolate drizzle.
Props to the Cowboys for making MNF watchable again.  What a banner year.  Both the Raiders and Cowboys have made NFL broadcasts better by the people they’ve hired.
Confirmed: 4 injured (1 critically) from this apartment complex fire.  Live reports coming on @KCRG at 11am and 11:30am. https://t.co/2nmjsNHf7b
Something about questioning basketball referees on Tuesday night.  It's an epidemic.  https://t.co/kBHZER5ckG
@JoeCannonMS Haven’t said it on-air for 7 years but it still rolls off smooth.
If this is March coming in like a lamb, I'll have the gyros and fries.
DJ voice: Gonna close out this Wednesday night with couples skate.  Couples only!  See you at 4:30 am on @KCRG https://t.co/khLgRl9Kck
Haven’t seen a “sports as news” day like this around here since we all had to learn how to pronounce the word “rhabdomyolysis”.
Some of us of a certain age picked up most of our knowledge of English culture in the late 1700s from Adam Ant music videos.
Made 1/3” cheeseburgers with fried onions and mushrooms.  Chicken potstickers.  And I find “Men at Work” with Sheen/Estevez on Prime.  I’m in Iowa but, at this moment, I’ve found my beach. https://t.co/EJaaJK7Xy6
RT @KCRG: Gary Dolphin, 'the Voice of the Hawkeyes,' will be reinstated after being suspended for making an inappropriate comment during a…
Now plenty of two-hour delays in the @KCRG viewing area.  Cedar Rapids, College Community (Prairie), Mount Vernon, Linn-Mar, Marion.  https://t.co/p6y4Q0OGOH
Cedar Rapids public schools on a two-hour delay...
@DGQuoVadimus Good morning from Cedar Rapids, Daniel!  Up at 2 am during the week but I'll usually "sleep in" until 4 or 5 am on the weekends.  Still never enough.
Best part of the #AMNewser lifestyle:  no nightmares during the workweek.  The side benefit of rarely getting REM sleep.
Coming off Iowa's 74-58 win at Nebraska last night in women's basketball:  "Megan Gustafson rules the paint like Bob Ross."  I've still got that 1998 SportsCenter-knockoff shtick.
@moore_darrin I showed it to @justingehrts and explained that, for about 3 years, it was on more than Iran-Contra stories.
Ran a lighter story about restoring a VW bus for Woodstock 2019.  Of course, I had to write the bump... "hey, man, is that freedom rock?  Yeah, man!  Well, turn it up!"  The "over 40" crowd smiles with me.
Still a Yacht Rock amateur when I assume songs were Chicago but are actually Pablo Cruise.  Then I see Pablo is a band and not just some dude with a great stage name.  Yacht Rock, I still have not perfected your domineering ways.
This is I-35 near Mason City.  Still closed to traffic... here's why.  	https://t.co/veWdGw0NiV
An important note here on I-35 and why the Iowa DOT is asking people to try and be patient and stay off the highway right now.  In 1998, the wind blew me off I-35 near Dows (as I was driving 20 mph!).  I'll never forget it.  Don't mess with Iowa wind. https://t.co/bHFAZc01DX
My car is outside and parked.  It’s shaking in this wind like a 1993 Dr. Dre video.
And this is why... https://t.co/i2GqIm9BIe
This is funny. https://t.co/V4VrguLvmq
In life, pounce on the first pitch like you’re Alcides. https://t.co/5o2Tn7fxX9
Freezing rain.  Show choir throughout the day.  An ideal day to watch the 2015 World Series around the house.  #SteadyEddie https://t.co/vKQ9Eyp7dZ
Twitter just got really interesting for the day.
@club_kennedy Boom.
@lizamoranews Congratulations on making the jump to the "big office"!
@WQADAngieSharp True.  It's easy to do when you're 6'4".
@WQADAngieSharp The struggle is real.  I anchor in my socks.  Comfort first.
@Seth_Kaplan Clem’s ‘96 Gophers were close.  Two games.
Unusual but notable: NO on-street parking anywhere in Marion today.  https://t.co/Jd7V6u4yoc
@ChrisHavelyWX Chris!  We need to bring you in this morning so we can have three mets on the newscast.
CLOSED: Cedar Rapids, Linn-Mar, Waterloo, Dubuque for the larger districts.  (No ACT today for some students).  @KCRG for the full list in real time.
Just got the call.  No school in Cedar Rapids.
You could have just said the snow was making you emotional on the air.  It was blowing east to west at 2 am and was beyond brisk. https://t.co/YfQBDEV20k
@JackLamsonCBS6 @TVNewsSnob @producerprobs @survivetvjobs @dt007 @WriteLikeUTalk Yes.  I strongly believe in the value of a person who understands nearly every job in the newsroom and can do any of the jobs in a pinch.  Gathering content, digital, reporting, producing, assignment desk.  This way, that "leader" comprehends the workflow.
Made it in.  No more walking.  @KCRG https://t.co/m0PeD8kXXE
Here it is.  See you when I see you later on @KCRG
The true definition of split winter.  December 1 to January 12 in Cedar Rapids: Less than 2" of snow.  Since January 12 in Cedar Rapids: About 38".  Enjoy... probably another 6"-8" overnight.  @KCRG
Just saw an article (national source -- not ours) from last week describing a "tense gunfight".  Isn't that assumed?  Are there "relaxing gunfights" that the news is simply not covering?
Ah, north of Duluth. https://t.co/vJFfNJwcME
Dream Preview approves.  In Cedar Rapids this morning. @FezzikSports @RJinVegas @BradPowers7 @MakiSports https://t.co/Z3CE0XcMYg
@greta @KCRG @Greta, from one Madison alum to another, thanks for the shout here on Twitter.  Covering the candidates throughout our 22 counties is always fascinating.  Lots of memorable stories amid the politics.
Parking on the closest street that is plowed that isn’t a snow emergency route.  Here’s to hope, when I walk out there at 1:30 am to go to work, I still have a car.  If not, let’s FB Live the walk to work!  See you at 4:30.
Time for everybody’s favorite game. Since my street isn’t plowed, where can I park my car where it won’t get towed at 1 am or plowed in?  It’s like I’m back in Madison in college.
@KETK_NealBarton Watching it from Iowa.  My evening plans are all set.
#TheRightStuff Ed Harris was a better John Glenn than even John Glenn.
#TheRightStuff “Our Germans are better zen zair Germans.”
#TheRightStuff No bucks, no Buck Rodgers.
#TheRightStuff Hello, Fred Ward (as Gus Grissom).  What a cast.
#TheRightStuff Quaid’s first scene.  Who’s the best pilot you ever saw?
#TheRightStuff Time for Yeager to break the sound barrier.  Always get chills watching this.  My daughter will have to tolerate it as we play Scrabble.
As I come across my favorite movie of all-time, The Right Stuff, a reminder that Chuck Yeager is still with us.  He’s 96.
HUGE win for the Iowa Hawkeye win over Maryland.  Proud of the team!  A historic victory over the Turtle.
Anytime I hear .38 Special, I feel I’m about to get transported into Road House.  My Missouri roots.
On show choirs and winter weather.  If there’s an all-day competition with snow at midnight, is it possible to start 2-3 hours earlier (yes, 5 or 6 am) so we don’t have hundreds of students/families driving home in a snowstorm?  This isn’t like moving an NFL playoff kickoff.
Not sure why Birmingham is even huddling. “We’re gonna run that sweep to the right for one yard that Salt Lake knows is coming... and BREAK!”
Watching enough AAF this weekend and last.  The “under” could become the nation’s collective 401k match.
Studio host on TNT just said Salt Lake-Birmingham is taking place at Rice-Eccles Stadium.  That’s in Utah but the game is in Alabama.  This pregame studio show is a prime example that anchoring is different than asking a coach two questions at halftime.
As @justingehrts says I have until 3 p.m. before it drops from 40 to zero, I shall maximize these two hours. https://t.co/WCim4UQGPP
I fear the day that, during breaking news, the word “firefighters” comes out on-air as “firefarters”.  It almost did today.  Almost.  The struggle is real.
@AndyFales @Hassel_Chris @DrakeBulldogsMB @Coach_DeVries Loyola might be the Hagar to Wichita's Roth.
@AndyFales @Hassel_Chris @DrakeBulldogsMB @Coach_DeVries Impressive even if the Valley has become the Commodores after Lionel Richie left.
Watching superb 30/30 on Deion.  Surprised the night @DeionSanders and @MCHammer met ME at a Chiefs postgame party in ‘94 didn’t make the cut.  Perhaps that’s in the Director’s Cut online.
“Think summer”, says Havely the Frog.  @ChrisHavelyWX https://t.co/akEiM4CvyG
@KennethMoton @abcWNN @pulseofp3 Just watched the story with your classmates and friends from long ago.  Very interesting and inspiring.  Stay warm out there.  (Are you on the overshift for good, now?)
Every #AMNewser with the wind rattling against their house in this weather is jealous of these kids and their 2-hour delays.  The thought of waking up at 4 am for work... instead of 2 am...
@BethMalicki Ratings.  Gold.  It's different for male anchors -- I could wear the same suit 22 days in a row and no one would notice.  Except, perhaps, a co-anchor.
If only I had cross-country skis in my garage today, I could have made it into work Birkebeiner-style.
@ChrisAStanford @VH1 One of the best subplots -- the record company was about to ditch them and then "Do You Believe In Love?" became the huge hit that saved their record deal.
From what I'm seeing on the @KCRG mobile weather lab views, the crews are clearing the main streets in Cedar Rapids.  Again... be ready to shovel (it's thick).  Come on over to @KCRG until 7 a.m.  Today is a bear.  Be ready for the bear.
Looking at between 7" and 9" here in Eastern Iowa.  One battle for today -- the sleet and freezing rain is part of the snow.  Positive: the snow won't blow around.  Negative: it's REALLY heavy to shovel or snowblow.  (Trust me on this).
Old Man Reference:  Today, I was like snowstorm version of Huey Lewis trying to get to the concert on time in "I Want a New Drug".
Come on over to @KCRG.  We are "fully loaded" for the newscast.  Two meteorologists in (@Kaj_OMara @justingehrts), up to three road crews.  Just be ready for the morning.  It's a bad one to try and get around.  We're live until 7 a.m.
Made it to work (ty Marlon Hall, for getting me).  In CR, the main streets I saw (42nd NE/1st Avenue/I-380) appear clear and, as of now, most of the side roads still aren't done.  Even downhills are rough.  Just be ready!  Let the city plows "do their thing" if you can wait.
If a $400 ticket to NewBo Evolve would have gotten me a clear street to work today, I’d have bought two! https://t.co/z15eKvc7Ac
Please be cautious out there, everyone. https://t.co/o715RyNoZ3
@BillSimmons Bill, what did you say to Magic?!?   Oh wait.  Different Simmons. https://t.co/aFAaR6ErxP
@JordanBo_3 has perfected the art of the “wild 3 to win a game of 21 on every city court in the nation”. https://t.co/GYWx7c1gQ6
@ViewFromVegas @TheAAF @SuperBookUSA @VSiNLive I disagree.  Fade the coach whom you trust the least.
@monteburke Just picked up “Saban”.  Halfway through just over today.  Superb research and storytelling.  Captivating look inside the steps that led to Alabama.
@BradPowers7 Nice last :90 for you in Ann Arbor!
With the two-hour delays for many districts today.... 8 am temp in Cedar Rapids: -1.   10 am temp:  2.
Good morning on this Friday.  Lots of two-hour delays for school today.  @CRSchools is on delay but keeping student in for the normal dismissal time.  In other words, HS/MS not getting out around 1:30.
As I watch @PhilReedKCRG in the @KCRG Mobile Weather Lab, he's close to my house.  If the kids weren't home from cancelled school, I would offer to pay him to let my dog out for a minute.
Cedar Rapids joins Iowa City, Dubuque, Western Dubuque, Linn-Mar and Marion as "closed". https://t.co/MxW5MHOrYb
Freezing rain, sleet and snow.  Let me write that again:  Freezing rain, sleet and snow.  Make your plans this morning accordingly.
Delays: Linn-Mar, Cedar Rapids, Marion.  Cancelled: Dubuque, Western Dubuque. https://t.co/Jm3uFLg4Vj
When @Kaj_OMara says "we've got a mess on our hands" to start a forecast, that's his assessment.  He is not a man of hyperbole.  Be safe on the icy streets out there.
Cedar Rapids is on two-hour delay. https://t.co/yPhb2FKg8p
@LaurenMossTV Saw the news of your future move.  Congrats!  And welcome to the company.
Dubuque is off school today. https://t.co/vz4bElCnDn
@BigBfromIC @Kaj_OMara @KCRG Thank you for letting us know, Brian.
@TheKevinLewis @IfeomaTHEWRITER @TiredTVTerms Just like the people who died a violent death often described as “turning their life around”.
Be ready for a mess today.  At 3 am, it was "okay" getting to work in Cedar Rapids.  Since then, more colleagues talk about the drive getting worse.  @Kaj_OMara says the storm could hit IC/Coralville at 6 am, Cedar Rapids area around 6:30.  Join us... @KCRG until 7.
@Kaj_OMara diligently offers a sense of the drive today.  Come on to @KCRG and reset the day with @NicoleAgee and me.  Thanks as always. https://t.co/XbtKWEoIOv
This escalated quickly.  https://t.co/p6y4Q0OGOH
Take note -- Cedar Rapids out two hours early. https://t.co/U8kCRU2APV
That's pretty cool. https://t.co/vtUii70YJH
Good morning!  Back in Cedar Rapids after a few days in Denver - a mini-vacation in the middle of winter.  Enjoy the mild weather today. @justingehrts has the “down arrow” again for temps.  It won’t get to -22 this time.  @KCRG until 7 am. https://t.co/dgLYOzUTh3
@realfrankboal The Altamont of Super Bowl postgames.
And this post-game has turned into public access television.
I’m all for free access, post game.  Did it for years.  But please let the players embrace for a few minutes before we get the “two questions and two cliche answers” dance.
The Linehan-Spags-Fisher Era Rams nod in approval of a 13-3 loss.
Just saw my favorite ad.  #Journalism
This is a record.  #AMNewsers actually going to get 4 or 5 hours of sleep between the Super Bowl and the next newscast.  Thank you, Puntfest and Goff Backfoot toss.
Two weeks after it happened, NOW I’m more upset about the “offsides” than I was then.
The Ghost of Jeff Fisher returns.
Little tempo here, Rams.  Not in St. Louis anymore.  This isn’t the time to lose 10-3 to sabotage your own fan support.
Zuerlein is so good.  Happy to see him kicking in games that matter since the dark ages in St. Louis.
@sully7777 If this was an Arkansas game, we’d be thrilled they’re down just 3-0.
My man @RealSteveFezzik has to be a little tense on that “no safety” play.  With ya, Fezz.
Mark Harmon has been the most excited CBS voice on the broadcast.  And that was an NCIS promo.
@justingehrts At my age, I can’t tell if it’s good or not.
Shirtless Adam Levine pays 20 to 1 on the props, as my son dutifully informs me.
I needed Big Boi’s coat last week when it is -24.
The NFL commercial was only missing an official blowing the whistle while the ball was still live and the wedding reception would have stopped even before the Electric Slide played.
As a 44-year-old man who just started NOT tucking in his T-shirt when running, I’ll defer all snarky opinions on the halftime show.  I’m too old to get it.
I’ve seen Nate Burleson’s jacket at JCP for years but haven’t quite pulled the trigger on it.
@TheMahaRaji Tell the party people hello.
On behalf of #AMNewsers everywhere who will be on minimal sleep tomorrow, thanks to the Rams-Pats for running the ball, thanks to the refs for few penalties and the coaches for no idiotic challenges.  Quick pace.
Wade Phillips looks like he just won bingo at the county fair.
Until they don’t.
Rams call a timeout and are about to walk into the same trap door as the Chiefs two weeks ago in this spot.
Patriots owner is never going to give up the Bill Lumbergh Collection of dress shirts.
Didn’t expect Rob Ryan to be in the Stella ad.  Wait...
Nantz is talking with the level of energy of a teenage trying to keep up a conversation with Grandma.
I knew the Rams were cursed today when I saw a 2004-era Marc Bulger jersey at the Omaha airport.
Yup. https://t.co/lCIaQiqSGh
@mattpauli We both had pretty stellar weekends.  You had Torrey Pines.  I got to run in Denver.  61 degrees yesterday. https://t.co/1FC1daXBcm
Nantz trying to be a man of the people with that hot dog/soda comment.  He probably wishes he could just do the game from Augusta.
@mattpauli How bout those Wolverines?  :)
@KGertsen Global audience.
The grandpa car commercial confused me.  Why did grandpa have that Audi in “heaven”?  Oh no - he had one of those Audis from 1985... that explains it.
We’re still doing celebrity endorsements of soda in 2019?
Gladys hits the over!
Thinking about the 14 students in West Virginia involved in the bus crash.  My kids are super-involved — sports and fine arts.  Lots of bus trips.  We parents always hold our breath on the trips.  To the end, thanks to the activities directors who work hard to ensure safety.
Between the NCAA and Kansas/Missouri, this is the basketball version of the last 10 minutes of Casino.  Will North Carolina be the one asked “to a meeting” in the Indiana cornfields?
Nuggets lead Rockets 83-71 at half.   It’s like Wisconsin-Rutgers in 5 OT.
Good gravy, Mizzou Football.
As I watch @GMA, please... get your Midwest crews inside.  Do the right thing.  Not just the reporters -- also photographers, any producers or assistant producers who are on scene.  We all know it's historic cold.
A sincere thank you to @CityofCRiowa and the trash/recycling crews for getting to us a day early this week for pickup.  I know it's awful out there and your work is appreciated.
We'll just toss out the numbers -- please be ready for it.  Good morning. https://t.co/WyGm6ej58F
Many of our CityCams in Eastern Iowa automatically shut off at -20 to protect the technology.  Thus, I offer a beach in Catalonia at this hour.  @KCRG from 4:30-7:00 am. https://t.co/ztxFp83QWc
https://t.co/60Tz0cyjxS
I can hear the news cliches now.  “As people dig out, Mother Nature drops record cold as people are in the deep freeze from this arctic blast.  A nightmare for motorists and headaches for drivers as cars and trucks are stranded.”  Then the graphic with 11 reporters in boxes.
Caught a national script on a story where the reporter said "perfect strangers".  Of course, I had to say "Now, Larry" in my Balki voice.  #1987
@AndyFales @HyVee https://t.co/42CLsv7Wu3
TV News Cliches.  It's always an "arctic blast".  Never a mild blast, a rain blast, a tropical blast, a desert blast.  @TiredTVTerms
When you hear a story about making sure stray cats can survive the cold, a man my age hopes these three guys will be okay. https://t.co/HLO53dmRf9
@AndyFales @HyVee Two teenagers... not a problem.
@AndyFales @HyVee I was close... 4 cents a gallon after 25 boxes of Honey Bunches of Oats.
My Monday morning.  Halfway through the AM shift.  Getting the teens to school. Off to go back to work.  Come on over to @KCRG for 11 am. https://t.co/lZ40q6GMbr
Good morning.  LOTS of two-hour delays on this Monday morning with the fresh snowfall.  @KCRG until 7 am for the latest.  https://t.co/tghXjSwnIb
@ICTflight Hello from back in Cedar Rapids.  I just wanted to say "thanks" to all of you for making the long road trip up from Wichita to perform, especially in this weather.  Always respect squads that travel a long distance.  Keep doing great work!
@BVUMensSoccer Congratulations, Seth!
@amnewsboy Being her drummer is the easiest gig in music.
Worked for a previous company that did this — if you left the company (your choice or theirs), you lost all your PTO.  It’s a morale killer for the workers.  My response: I took August off every year. https://t.co/J28JoFoBLH
Swear jar.
I’ll say this - Iowa D got a LOT better.  27 points allowed this half.
Fran wanted to get a “T” and the ref wouldn’t even oblige.  “Not until your team gets three consecutive stops,” I hope the ref said.
Both Pitino and Fran are filling up the swear jar pretty quick off that foul.
What happened to the color of the home court at Williams Arena?  Did the NCAA take the old color away like the banners from the Haskins era?
Whoa!  Iowa-Minnesota on FS1.  Was some Providence-Butler game snowed out or something?!?
Between Garrett’s NFC team pitching a shutout and the ESPN MNF crew along with about 10,000 people at the game, the 2019 Pro Bowl needs an oral history documentary.
I’m watching the Pro Bowl.  Not sure why.  Certainly not because I really don’t see this game going over 55 points total.  Not at all.
@IceWriter10 I have days like that.
Uhhhhhh..: https://t.co/AWQ8pzqnNm
Is it just me or do Marquette and Xavier play each other in men’s basketball 22 times a year on FS1?
And now, your 1981-82 Kansas City Comets!  Starting in goal... Enzo Di Pede! https://t.co/ZTGAF2i6oJ
@CityofCRiowa @jbgcook As one who has been out quite a bit, I’ve found very few trouble spots throughout the city.  This... is a danger.
If we’re going to make the downtown avenues of Cedar Rapids two-way, need to be aware of the snow mountains.  2nd Avenue and 8th Street SE.  8th is behind the pile and doesn’t have to stop... someone may get T-boned here. https://t.co/uKZBeCd0AD
You know you’re a product of the 80s cul-de-sac culture when you consider this “high art”. https://t.co/oxuKEAqAbo
Power appears back on in Northeast Iowa.  @AlliantEnergyIA reports no outages for areas near Elkader, Guttenberg and Garnavillo.  Approximately 3,000 were without power from 5:15 am until just now.  @KCRG
Thankful for my current role.  Especially thankful my role doesn’t involve a doing live report at -7 outside an empty government building that has been closed for hours.  “Ten hours ago, the council decided to increase the price of parking tickets from $7 to $9...” https://t.co/kYlY8h3NWf
Not a show choir judge.  Not an expert.  Just a parent who watches.   That being said, if any show choir does “Loverboy” by Billy Ocean - regardless of execution or quality - that team should win every competition.
So the teenagers in my house eat a lot of Honey Bunches of Oats... https://t.co/WMYsMv4mW0
@aarontrier @PhilReedKCRG @KCRG @KCRG_FirstAlert @Kaj_OMara @NicoleAgee You’re right.  Phil shouldn’t.  And he wasn’t.  Matt, one of our videographers, was driving.
@MrClarkFMSMath Nearly everyone else today is on 2-hour delay.  Only a handful of closings - CR, DBQ, L-M, Marion for the larger districts in the viewing area.
Schools: Cedar Rapids, Dubuque, Linn-Mar already closed on Wednesday.  @KCRG  https://t.co/CSoNZQeqLO
Be ready for the roads today, friends.  Come on over to @KCRG until 7 a.m. https://t.co/ooZlWEBXsG
@EliHershkovich @franfraschilla He was looking for a different phrase for, say, rigid... and that’s what emerged.
@GradertShmadert That was... unexpected.  Imagine see it on captioning while you’re working out.
If you need to get stuff done today, do it now.  Not after 9 am because of the freezing rain.
...and now a whole bunch of school districts in the @KCRG viewing area are closed today.  https://t.co/CSoNZQeqLO
Closings are coming in:  Cedar Rapids, Linn-Mar closed Tuesday, Iowa City on 2-hour delay:  https://t.co/CSoNZQeqLO
"It's going to deteriorate as the day goes on."  That's what @Kaj_OMara said about the freezing rain/ice on the way.  Do plan out any travel in Eastern Iowa.  @KCRG until 7 a.m.
Be ready -- mid-morning for the freezing rain and risk of ice. https://t.co/9eUajD4Xlj
@ChrisDuerr Just don’t ever be half asleep when you reach for Ibuprofen before work at 2 am.  Except it’s stool softener.  Before you realize it... you have a 3-hour newscast ahead of you.
@maureenfox First score.  Here’s the thinking.  If you get at the 15, you still have to take it 50 yards for a decent field goal.  If you turn the ball over deep in your end, that puts you in danger.  Or you like your defense more or there’s a wind element... It’s balanced risk/reward.
On NFL OT.  Don’t love current format but I like it much more than CFB OT.  I wish team that wins coin toss gets choice of a) ball at own 15, first score wins or b) opponent takes it at their own 15, first score wins.  Wouldn’t have helped Chiefs at all but like this idea.
Today is National Hugging Day.  I would participate except I'm concerned that any hugs would be considered "roughing the passer".
Thank you, @NicoleAgee, for making these for the morning news team today.  These line the insides of my shattered Chiefs heart. https://t.co/O0M5oIKX4z
@St8h8erEugene We would need a special program on 9.2 to point out all the missed/incorrect calls in both games yesterday.
@DGQuoVadimus @amnewsboy As a Chiefs fan, we expect this outcome -- I've lived through 7 home playoff losses now.  The drama comes in the plot.  "In three hours, the Chiefs will pick off Brady a third time and clinch the game but... someone will line up offsides."
Fellow #AMNewsers who are also Chiefs fans... how is everyone holding up on this fine, glorious morning??
@_TheHouseofR Nope.  Pretty tired.  I’ll be asleep by 9:35.
Fun year.  Good pieces in place.  Line up onside next year on defense.   Good night.
Why can I call out these Edelman crossing routes five seconds before they happen?
Just line up onside.
Sure, yeah, I’m ready to anchor 3.5 hours of news tomorrow on 4.5 hours of sleep.  :)
Good.  That was the best move.
That’s a catch.  Today.
For the fifth time this year, they’re going to score too early.  And leave it up to their defense.
The chiefs don’t need to score now.  They need to score LAST.  Ten yards.  Bleed it down.
I’ll gladly accept makeup calls.
Ten yards, Chiefs.  Bleed the clock.  No bombs.
At least now the Chiefs get the ball down 3 with 3:00 left.  All year it’s been the other way around.
The league calls that “roughing the passer” but they’ll probably let Kareem Hunt play somewhere in 2019.
Wow.  How fast did those New Orleans refs get to Kansas City?!?
As Edelman becomes part of Kansas City playoff lore.
Still surprised the Chiefs haven’t gone tempo at all today.
Tempo.  Now go tempo.
Fellow Kansas City sports fans:  after watching that first half, can we all agree to never let the word “Yosted” ever be spoken again?
At least the Chiefs didn’t go into the half with all three timeouts.  Used one to help the Patriots and wouldn’t burn one to send Hill deep at the end.
Great catch.  Today that isn’t pass interference, after all.
That’s why you let the clock run...
Would not call TO there.   Go in down 7-0 and take the kickoff.
If you’re going to call the awful 2nd/10 “let’s run it for one yard” predictable call, at least stick to it on 3rd down to avoid a sack.
If they’re down 7-3 at half, that’s a moderate miracle.
Why wouldn’t the Pats go for this?!?
Chiefs needed to challenge that 3rd down catch.
Didn’t that amazing catch hit the ground??
Run the ball, Patriots...
Why didn’t they give it to Marshawn Lynch there?  Wait.  Wrong game.
Mahomes has to be thinking, “wait.  I’m not at Texas Tech anymore”.
Little early for Kansas City to be in the prevent.
It’s like the 2003 defense AND Steve Bono showed up for the same playoff game.
KC putting their defense out there first is like emphasizing a unibrow or a nose pimple as the opening topic of conversation on a first date — instead of how you help old ladies across the street or volunteer at an orphanage.
I do not understand why the Chiefs would put their defense out first when given the choice.
Also why I wanted the Chiefs to take the ball.  Patriots have a sharp plan for the first drive.  As expected.
I assume that tonight’s stress will take six weeks off the back end of my years.
Tom Brady looks like a Cosmonaut.  Or at least one of the Russians in Spies Like Us helping out the GLG20s.  I mean “decoys”.  Decoys!
@henriksenj Yes.  Lots of checkers played endgame by the Saints.
Saints got hosed on the non-PI call but their own fault by settling for field goals.
Terrible snap.   Excellent hold by Hekker.  Zuerlein the kicker I’ve long believed him to be.  He was stuck on awful teams all those years.
Whistle guy.  I don’t hear him anymore...
It’s like Brees has aged ten years since about 3 pm today.
Not the worst call I’ve seen in my life.  But I enjoyed the result of this one more... https://t.co/HnmxEcjSCE
Sure I can find the answer.  Does this game delay the kickoff in Kansas City if it keeps going?
I’m still floored by that non-call on the pass interference.  That’s 2002 Kings-Lakers Game 6 NBA officiating.
The 1998 Vikings appreciate the Saints approach there.  They also got on the golf course sooner.
If the Rams win this, I cannot wait to see Payton’s postgame presser.
How is that not pass interference?  Wait... it’s payback for Vikings-Saints 2009.
This has a similar feel to 20 years ago.  Falcons-Vikings...
Rams clearly see something in Brees since the first quarter that makes them believe they have another stop in their defense.
Impressed with the Rammies in their comeback.  A lesson in the danger of taking field goals early when the Saints could have blown it open.
The Taysom Hill Experiment is like the commercial break on Spotify. You know it’s coming and it always alters the momentum.
Brady’s tan coat is gorgeous.  I hope he throws 4 picks but, man, that’s good stuff.  Namath would be proud.
Definitely not over.  And still definitely not “over”, either.  Long way to go and too many field goals.
How are the Rams not down 21-0?  They absolutely have a puncher’s chance here.
Perhaps the Rams are tanking to get a better stadium deal elsewhere.  Oh wait.  That was 2013.
@RobertPriceTV Well done.
If you had “Deuce McAllister” as your first Old Saints Reference, cash the ticket.  That beats out Bobby Hebert, Morten Andersen, Archie Manning and Tom Dempsey.
As the Rams play for the Super Bowl, how much this year are taxpayers in Missouri still on the hook for with the outdated dome in St. Louis?
Was curious if Harry Connick would do the anthem with his piano. Then I remembered the ratings of “Harry”.
@GRLitman Fan stories are the worst.  Pregame story most proud of: Giants-Packers 2007.  Went to airport and interviewed people as they got off their private jets as to where they came from.  Mexico.  NY.  Texas.  Brazil.
@jeff_rosen88 @realfrankboal Only sorrow I feel is that @TonyGonzalez88  should have played in this game during his HOF career in KC.  That should also be him.
10/12/15.  Royals down 6-2 at Houston.  Nine outs from the end of the season.  Drove off to Culver’s because, well, that was the only way to cope.  While at Culver’s, KC scored 5 runs.  I reserve the right to get a concrete tonight if Chiefs are down 10+ in the 4th. https://t.co/tK6SO5kaaz
Yeeeeess.  Six hours. https://t.co/mXyklx88sf
I’ve seen stations in Kansas City cut sports over last 15 years.  Now they’re scrambling to fill hours today for original content before the AFC Title Game.  Lots of people in that market who could add real insight &amp; perspective... but “the business” moved on without them.
@TomKCTV5 @KCTV5 Welcome to one of the longest and most memorable days of your career.  Mine was 21 years ago.  Same place.  Elway... Elway.  Ugh.
Turned on cable news this morning.  In first 20 seconds, saw my first “SPEAKING OUT”. Where is this style-guide for all of the news cliche headlines?  I want a copy.  Until then, I’ll be “gearing up” for the “big game”.  @TiredTVTerms
Warning: I'll be a nervous mess on Twitter for NE-KC.  The Chiefs haven't been in the Super Bowl in 49 years.  I've been on the planet for 44 years.  If the @Royals hadn't made the World Series in 2014-15 (and hadn't won in '15), I would be really, truly insufferable today.
Only encounter with a deer I hope to have this weekend. https://t.co/1wrHn39SKy
@Matodd8032 My general rule.  If a Forever 21 at the mall is open, you’re good to go during those hours.  I broke it today.  8 am.
@matt_lien376 Tell your family hello.  And thanks for dinner 15  years ago!
@jodiehanson6168 I also don’t mow my yard at 2:15 am.  Or 8:15 am on a weekend.
This Wolverhampton-Leicester EPL game got crazy in a hurry.  A welcome diversion before addressing the blizzard.
@jodiehanson6168 If you have to work, fire it up at any hour.  I should know... I go to work at 2:45 am five days a week.
Pondering the socially-acceptable hour to start snowblowing. I do live on a street that is part of what I call the SMML - the Saturday Morning Mowing League - where the first “game” has been known to start before 8:15 am... https://t.co/t9grWsfWOL
Old Man Voice: back in my day, we had to walk to school, uphill both days in the heat and the blizzards.  We didn’t even have social media to complain and whine to if the forecast was off a couple of hours but, when we woke up, we still had the same projected amount of snow
@metheridge Hey from Iowa.  Very excited that you're on "anthem duty" on Sunday.  You're doing your part to make Arrowhead rock.  Keep being the treasure that you are.
@Kaj_OMara is truly excellent at what he does.  These hours before the storm prove it.  We are lucky to have him. https://t.co/IS0kTDnedT
Just took a call from a high school athletic director asking about the weather for Monday and Tuesday.  That would be like him getting a call an hour before a basketball double-header to check if he printed enough programs for a swim meet in 2 weeks.
As long as I have a working snowblower and some #Yachtrock, I’ll make it through today.
I will not be joining in with so many morning news anchors I see across the country this winter.  I will not be wearing bell sleeves when I anchor the news.  Couldn't find any that match my tie.
For today.  Learn it.  Know it.  Live it. @KCRG @KCRG_FirstAlert https://t.co/pYUBp4YGbS
Thank you, @Dell.  Not like #AMNewsers are on deadline the moment we work in the door or anything. https://t.co/bgMapOw6de
There are a few days where forecasting the weather is about as difficult as playing the drums for Sarah McLachlan.  You mostly just sit there.  Not today.  @Kaj_OMara is on top of two weather events -- this morning and Friday night.  Come over to @KCRG from now until 7 a.m.
Jordan Bohannon going all Kingsbury there.  Even tied Chris for third all-time on threes in his Hawkeye career.  Iowa up 4 on Penn State with :32 left.
@Andrew_Fefer They need to get Steve Antrim back.
@RyanCharkowski Until Rutgers joined the Big Ten, I often considered Penn State as the FREE Space on the bingo card of Big Ten road games.
A sports lead for @Andrew_Fefer for tonight's Iowa-Penn State game.  "Pulling out those Big Ten road wins is the difference between making the NCAA tournament in March... and hosting Wisconsin-Milwaukee in front of 2,500 fans over Spring Break in the NIT. "
If most of the IRS workers are not being paid during the partial government shutdown, it would probably be a REALLY good idea to have that 1040 airtight this year.  Maybe don't claim that Peloton as a business expense.  Just a thought.
I should have some equity on this as I generally believe the sky is falling on the Chiefs.  I do not think extreme cold favors a 41-year-old QB.  Favre was the greatest cold weather QB in NFL history until his last game in Green Bay.
@MattQueen34 If Iowa played Rutgers every year, I'm sure it would be the same.
As T.J. Hockenson departs Iowa for the NFL Draft, a "thank you" for the Fighting Illini for their defense that day.  I had 3 minutes to cut a :30 piece of video before the newscast... and, yes, Hockenson lit up the Illini that day.  All good for 11 a.m.
https://t.co/dcTr26Z6dI		Lots to work though on delays - Dubuque, CPU, North Linn, Central City.  @KCRG
Good morning, all.  Happy Monday.  @Kaj_OMara will take us through fog - a couple 2-hour delays for school in southern counties.  @NicoleAgee must tolerate me yapping about the Chiefs.  Be thankful you're not her today.  @KCRG until 7 am.
RIP Bradley Center in Milwaukee.		Home of a lot of 25-57 Bucks seasons. https://t.co/qkbF6FOUCP
@LieblLI @jeff_rosen88 @KCStar @bepryor @mellinger “D PUTS COLTS DOWN”
@jeff_rosen88 @KCStar @bepryor @mellinger I wish... the headline was about the Chiefs (especially the defense) and not necessarily a play on Luck’s name.
@mellinger captures the calm many of us longtime Chiefs fans finally feel on this evening. https://t.co/kg5a7UlWJC
I don’t pretend to comprehend what goes into a top-tier show choir performance but how would THIS not work for high school show choir? https://t.co/IWmyECNnso
Ugh.  One reason why I don’t feel most NFL games are fit to take a kid to.  Too much misplaced anger.  Too many beers consumed.  Too much bad behavior towards strangers. https://t.co/08dONddGg8
That’s it.  25 years of angst and self-loathing done with over Chiefs and home playoff games.  Still not asking my boss for the Tuesday and Wednesday off after the Super Bowl to drive down for the parade.
What is Lawrence Tynes doing cheering for his old team on the sidelines? https://t.co/UvOdO0AReq
For Mahomes to cement his legacy, there really is only one move left today.  Go to McFadden’s like Eric Hosmer and break out his credit card to pay for drinks.  Hoz paid a $15k tab after sweeping the Angels.
We want Alabama!
This is why I’m not a coach.  I would take a knee here.   Seriously.
I would wish the Colts good luck but, with their penalties today, they wouldn’t know what to do with it today.
Now Biff... you need to run clock.
If Vinateri misses in the Snow Bowl, the Rams play the Steelers or Raiders in SB 36.  Rams probably win their second Super Bowl.  This leads to a new stadium by 2015.  And Jeff Fisher would still be leading the St. Louis Rams to a 7-9 record in 2018.
Need 3 first downs on offense.  That’s it.  Just that.
Just want to acknowledge the Kansas City defense went 54+ minutes without giving up any points today.
Colts doing a better job burning the clock than the Chiefs are.
That was totally PI.  Chiefs defense catching every break imaginable.
One more stop, Chiefs. Like Big Ern in Kingpin, “one more time, Sweetness”.
2003. First Chiefs home playoff loss as a parent.  The game of no punts by the Colts.  My one-year-old son could sense the angst.
So this is what an NFL game looks like without pass interference calls.
1997.  14-10 loss to Denver.  I was 23 and a sports reporter for @KSNTNews in Topeka.  Ice storm as I covered it.  @TonyGonzalez88 fighting tears as I interviewed him after.  Nearly ran over Len Dawson in the icy lot after the game... nearly ending my 23 years as a free man.
@glrush13 When McCarthy coached the Packers, I felt better down 10 starting the 4th than up 10.  Hard to say on this game.  Just hope KC is aware of the clock on offense.
No matter what you may see, TV news anchors don’t just walk up to the anchor set and start doing the show.  We all have to put our makeup on first.  (Seriously, get there at least 4 minutes before airtime.  It’s respectful to the production crew for mic checks/shot set up).
Everyone on the defensive side of the ball should get a year’s worth of burnt ends and beans from Joe’s BBQ.
Of course, the Chiefs get too cute.  Running backs run the ball.
Beautiful defense.   Definitely NOT 2003.  Now, Chiefs, run the ball.  Screen passes.  Kelce over the middle.  Clock should run after every play.
Surprised the Chiefs didn’t keep pounding the ball on that last sequence.  Incomplete passes. On 3rd/5, they threw deep.  Perhaps a safer play to get 2-3 yards minimum for a safer 4th down.
Go for it.
Every incomplete pass is up to 5 plays the Colts can run between now and the end of the game.
These refs have some quick whistles today on forward progress.  However, about 20x better than the Triplette Crew.
Disappointed the Chiefs didn’t guard the sidelines the entire drive and force Colts toward middle.
Elvis couldn’t shake his hips on 1957 TV but that Chiefs mascot can do whatever it wants.
Surprised the Chiefs don’t charge $60 to that medical cart to park on game day.
Take a knee.  I’m serious.  Make them burn that last TO.
Tirico.  Easiest gig today.
Perfect result there.  Now bleed the clock down.  Score last this half.
This is where time management comes in.  Chiefs need yards but also bleed the clock down as well.  Try to be the last to score this half.  Especially with second half kickoff.
1995.  The worst day of them all.  10-7 to the Colts.  Infamy.  Bono.  Three missed FGs.  Still not over it.  Perhaps today will exorcise this.
That was the best handoff the Colts have had all day.
Cue the montage of Playoffs Past.
“Open field tackle”.  @TiredTVTerms, Sports Edition, I’ve yet to hear about a Closed Field Tackle, which most of them are.
This is the one time a sideline reporter has any tangible use.  For an update on Mahomes.  Not the obligatory two questions of Saban at halftime.
If Len Dawson has his knee dinged up, he would light up a Lucky Strike and sip a Fresca like it’s halftime of Super Bowl I.
That bowl of homemade chili isn’t sitting so well now after seeing Mahomes and his knee.
Like a knife through the Chiefs’ regular season defense.  It’s that easy.
Why aren’t the Colts running the ball?  This makes no sense.  I welcome it.  But it makes no sense.
Don’t think the Chiefs have had three consecutive three-and-outs since Tub-Thumping.
Holthus!
You have to go for this, Andy.  Especially with this defense.
A little surprised both teams are throwing this much coming out.  Figure running means you have to tackle in wet weather and footing.
1994.  Montana’s last game.  Lost 27-17 at Miami.  We knew this was coming as the Chiefs’ window with Joe was shutting.  Joe Montana in 1994 was like Vince Neil in 2015.  Not the same as they were in 1984.
The Chiefs have turned into the ‘85 Bears.  The Colts have turned into the ‘85 Colts.  Mike Pagel and Rod Dowhower get Twitter mentions today.
1993.  The apex of mullets and Zubaz at Arrowhead.  Lost in the AFC title game at Buffalo.  Never had a chance.  However, Wisconsin played in its first Rose Bowl two weeks before so it wasn’t devastating as I delivered pizzas in Madison.
I know what the Colts are doing here.   Going to let us get up 38-10 again.  Don’t think we don’t see this strategy.
Say it, Holthus.  Touchdown Kansas City.
Don’t mess with a guy wearing Ed Podolak’s number in the postseason.  Wait.  They lost that game at home, too.
Kelce will get more catches than Red Lobster.
“Patrick Mahomes, played for Kliff Kingsbury and still made the NFL.”
They got a three-and-out.  Thank you, winter weather.
1992.  That bizarre shut out loss at San Diego to Stan Humphries and Bobby Ross.  I made up for it by taking the expansion Lightning to the Stanley Cup Finals in NHL ‘93 for the Sega Genesis.
1991.  Blown out at Buffalo.  The curse of Marv Levy.  I wasn’t even that upset. Maybe I knew that, 25 years later, I would meet Marv while living in the same city that he went to college in.  True planning.
1990.  Bagging groceries at @SchnuckMarkets - Olive &amp; Spoede in Creve Coeur.  Volunteered for cart fetching all day so I could check my AM car radio.  Lost to the Dolphins 17-16.  If this was true Chiefs Fan Lore, my car battery would have died.
@monkeyboy_81 Had just enough juice to get it to the game.  Of course, I have 5 more hot sausage links to consume.  Good there.  Priorities.
1986.  I waited 12 years for the Chiefs to make the playoffs.  They were down 28-6 to the Jets.  The Jets.  KC even fired their coach after the playoffs held a coup to remove him.  If only they played the 2013 Chiefs, they might have come back from that deficit.
I sit up here on Twitter and question whether a coaching staff has a football team ready.  Meanwhile, the batteries on my remote are about dead.
@PhilReedKCRG Me, Hammer, @DeionSanders and a paisley shirt.   That’s all you’re getting today.
Each one of the Chiefs’ playoff losses since 1986 has punctured my soul.  They were so inept the first 12 years of my life they didn’t even make the playoffs.  I buy that it’s the curse of firing Marv Levy in 1982.  He did a great job.
In ‘94, I gained entry to a Chiefs’ post-game party under the name “Matt Blundin” (true story).  Met MC Hammer at the party (also true).  If I knew the Chiefs would not win a home playoff game for the next 24 years, I would have gladly used my real name &amp; been denied entry.
This’ll have to do.  I have no Chiefs Super Bowl Champs hat, of course. https://t.co/Ct0d0JrNsw
I see all the articles in Kansas City media about the health risks of attending the game at Arrowhead.  Um... mullets and Zubaz for Chiefs’ fans are like fur to the otter.
RT @GreggDoyelStar: Worst seats in the house at Arrowhead. They’ll be full of people soon. Full of snow now. https://t.co/z3HtyQpMqi
@JFKSOCCERCRIA Who is ready for the season to start? https://t.co/TktlUF8lep
@ChrisAStanford @BILLBELLAMY @OKCFOX @IceEventCenter How to Be a Player.  A must watch for the 1998 single man.
@TheRealHos305 Can you suit up tomorrow for the Chiefs.  Perhaps defensive end?  One game.  Old times’ sake.  Your parking pass should still work.  We’d all feel better about tomorrow for the Chiefs.
Colts-Chiefs. I’ll be a disaster tomorrow.  Drama.  Self-loathing.  References to 1/7/96 at Arrowhead.  Martyball.  Bono’s 3 picks.  The nameless kicker of whom I forgive &amp; now admire his approach to his last day kicking in  the NFL.  I wish Hosmer could suit up for KC.
Closs Investigation.  Barron Co. Sheriff: Jayme Closs was “only target” of Patterson.  Her family was not targeted.
Closs News Conference: Jake Patterson, 21, of Gordon, Wis. is charged with 2 counts of intentional homicide, 1 count kidnapping.  Douglas Co. Sheriff: Jayme Closs escaped, told woman walking a dog who she was, provided description of Patterson’s car.
@ShannonBream Or dinner in the Persian Gulf.
If you have a question about the snow -- and what to expect tonight -- @Kaj_OMara and @JGreeneReports are ready to handle them.  10 am today.  But send them any questions. https://t.co/sWv3EvQpoJ
A question for the #AMNewsers this morning.  On livestreams all over the country, I see anchors wearing "bell sleeves" these days.  How does one eat a Caesars salad or a plate of pasta while wearing bell sleeves and not get bits of food or sauce all over them?
@WCCORosen Go have a stellar last sportscast tonight.  Thank you for setting the standard for all of us to try and emulate — and for your kindness through the years.
Major story from Cedar Rapids -- an arrest from a 2017 murder, 14 months after the killing.  @KCRG throughout the day after we uncover more details. https://t.co/EVEWFE4PXS
I am seriously considering having $0.77 deducted from every regular paycheck I earn for the remainder of my days for the couple from Boy Meets Girl for "Waiting For a Star For Fall".
If the former Texas Tech coach gets an NFL job after winning 47% of his games and having Mahomes as his QB, Matt Campbell should be named, retroactively, as head coach of the ‘85 Bears.
@ChrisAStanford You like your Peeps international.  And you expect to be delighted.
If I come across “Kilimanjaro” in a script, of course I will note that some believe it rises like Olympus above the Serengeti.
The key to being an #AMNewser and not gaining 20 pounds a year is to say “no”’ to breakfast pizza.  Even if it’s $1 a slice this month.  Even if it’s got cheese overflowing off the slice like packing peanuts.
Good morning on this Monday.  @justingehrts takes us through a day where we're pushing past 50.  A stabbing overnight in Marion.  Bears lose to Philly -- I'm telling you.  If the Bears put in uprights of a lesser-quality, the kick would have gone through.  @KCRG until 7 a.m.
@ChrisDuerr Ask @KHQARajah who keeps winning best news anchor in Iowa.  She’ll probably be able to name 40 better anchors than the guy who keeps winning it.  Rote storytelling has its place, my man.
To my Bears’ friends.  Now you have your very own “kicker who shall not be named” for future generations. https://t.co/ffWJSMdEN8
That Chicago time management — both on defense and offense — was rather Chiefy.
I do not understand why the Bears burned that last TO with :35 left.  Just spike the ball.  Keep your timeout.  Get 20 more yards. Then burn it.
Cue the Madden 93 voice.  “And that’s why he plays defense and NOT offense!”
@PhilReedKCRG They have to warm him up.  If this shatters his confidence, they’ve answered their own question if this if a long-term answer.
Joe Flacco is making another $1 million with each three-and-out.
@CowboysNation @ErinAndrews @dak @EzekielElliott Rich has excelled in a thankless job for three decades.  He is the best at what he does.
Please, Raiders.   You’ve already taken Gruden and now Mayock.  Keep making NFL broadcasts better by grabbing the entire booth of Colts-Texans.
Thanks to the Texans for their usual 3:30 pm Saturday Wild Card weekend showing on this beautiful day so I can run to the store and get a few items.
47 as I run.  In January.  I wonder if @Kaj_OMara is grilling copious amounts of meat today. https://t.co/ys2hT8hdYW
I suppose a New Year’s Resolution to eat healthier can strike at anytime.  Either that or this is the result of one of the two in this relationship residing in Crazytown. https://t.co/l0W5Xy9pg7
Eastern Washington had as many answers right now as I did in chemistry class in 1991.
Watching FCS title game. Commercial break has pizza for half off, fitness center half off and then pizza for half off again.  Mixed messaging has me torn.
@ChrisAStanford I’ll just sit back and watch how this turns out.  :)
@ChrisDuerr Congratulations.  It’s the one thing I miss from my move from sports to news 14 years ago.  News anchors get angry emails from angry viewers all the time.  I do miss getting these notes from coaches and schools.  Take a bow,  Chris.
As I walk past @KCRG 9.3. Good to see Bert Convy trying to get Mrs. Partridge to play a game of Super Password.  She’s unimpressed. https://t.co/Tm5edfeN6j
@Kaj_OMara @PhilReedKCRG Kaj, you are the dirtiest player in the game.  I admire that.
@pKatyBrown CR animal care and control.  Ask for Maude and thanks!
Newsroom breakfast pizza never lasts.  Unless it’s January 2 as we are all feebly clinging onto those New Year’s resolutions. https://t.co/jkxCSSMGqD
Amused when a college football player gets ejected for targeting.  The cameras show the player leaving the stadium like a professional wrestling heel instead of staying on the sideline.
Everyone backing Tom Herman when Texas isn't expected to win could have reversed all of the December losses on the stock market.
Because of the Rose Bowl’s title sponsor, we are going to watch the dad with the brattiest daughter in a commercial hear about taking her to Jessica’s house... ugh.  Then be builds her a pool.  The message: coddle your whiny teen.
Whenever Tom Rinaldi talks, it’s just never the same unless there is soft, piano music underneath it.
Why didn’t LSU just go for it there on 4th and 1?  Just win the game.   One yard.
Kentucky coach Mark Stoops gets a $250k bonus if kentucky wins.  He’s sweating every call now like he’s on Sale of the Century speed round.
I love seeing a program break through.  Kentucky has always been basketball first.  Always.  Enjoy seeing UK football just destroying Penn State today.  This is new to them.  They’re so excited.
Who knew the Big Ten West would have a touch of stone cold assassin in them?
That’s why you save your timeouts.  Saw it with Miss State, Missouri and, yes, Iowa State.  When you don’t have timeouts, you get prone to panic on that last drive.
Kudos to the Hawkeyes.   They spotted a weakness in the first half and said “go ahead and beat us with that arm.”
It just means more.
Which Iowa corner or safety will be the hero to catch the killer pick for the win?
“You couldn’t want for a better quarterback to move the ball down the field right now.”  Uh... what game have they been watching in Tampa?
Timeouts.  I’ll never understand why these coaches burn that last timeout like MSU just did.  Let it go to 1:40.  That timeout comes in handy when you see a defense that needs another minute for a different play.
Mississippi State punted.  With one timeout.  Mike McCarthy nods in approval.
Don’t tell anyone.  4th and inches.  Fitzgerald keeper.  Shhhh.  Wait.  They’re putting with one timeout?
At least Mizzou had Drew Lock only do this lumbering QB run once.  And not, oh, 39 times in one game.
Both defenses have been quite good.  One blown coverage by each side and a bunch of turnovers.
Has MSU even completed a pass beyond the first down marker today?
I just want to see Stanley or Fitzgerald pop that shrimp mascot on the sidelines like Moxon in Varsity Blues.
Iowa really needs to defeat this 1966 offense.
Now to the ESPN society commentary portion of the broadcast.  Analyst comes close to calling out student-athletes choosing lot to play today.  PBP guy then says players should transfer when they want.
Meh.  Who needs time outs?
These SEC coaches and their two-point conversion charts.  Cedar Rapids middle schools would grade their process with an “I”.  Or a “P”.  Or an “S”.  Wait.  What’s a “C” grade in 2018?
Pride of Menomonie is throwing darts now for Iowa.
Iowa found something in that first half on Mississippi State’s offense that clearly doesn’t have them worried.
Surprised Iowa didn’t go into the half up 17-6.  They must see nothing on MSU’s offense that doesn’t worry them at all.
As I watch Mississippi State right now, it I’m with the coaching staff at Mississippi or Arkansas, I take another long look at my contract.
The Big Ten West just collectively pinched Biff in front of the future Mrs. McFly.
When put up against Oregon-Michigan State, this is Rams-Chiefs.
@CoachMattThomas Actually, it’ll be a short day with these two running the ball.
I’ve watched a bunch of Mississippi State.  The one time a game there’s an accurate throw downfield, you can’t drop it.
Iowa-Mississippi State might be over in time for me to still catch One Life to Live.
Down 3-0 nine minutes in.  Lickliterball.
Little surprised Mississippi State kicked a FG there on 4th and 2 early.  Unless they’re that confident in their defense.
From Cedar Falls this morning. https://t.co/KnKhFSwOjw
As Mizzou didn’t let a top QB prospect throw the ball in that final sequence.
Mizzou isn’t worried.  The coaches just calculated that they have five timeouts left this half.
So that wasn’t a catch AND it wasn’t targeting?
Random.  These should be Mizzou’s permanent helmets.
Befuddled as to why Oklahoma State isn’t burning the clock til 3 seconds in the play clock.
Oklahoma State doesn’t need to “take a shot”.  Mizzou has, without sense, sent two timeouts to sea already.  Burn the clock and wear down their defense.
Not many football games I’ve ever wondered if both head coaches “had the over”.  This may be one.
These two coaches don’t deserve nice things.  Like time outs.
Now Mizzou can go for 3 to tie it up.  Oh, wait.  Math.
We’ve got refs in Memphis obsessed with sideline warnings but NO targeting call?  Get on it, Dadbod.
@tmckernan Odom probably splits 10s and stands on a 14 vs a K.
So Mizzou took a timeout to NOT go for 2 when down 10 to cut it to 8?  Instead they kicked an XP to be down 35-26?  STEM has practical uses, football coaches.
If Mizzou players have the energy to put up four fingers to denote the start of the fourth quarter, maybe keep those fingers up and get an actual stop this half.
Need a 35 ACT to get into Stanford but they only need to take a knee to win.  Not score.  Take a knee.
Ben Fred wins the hour. https://t.co/B5PBwu25pH
Mike Gundy looks full on Dalton from Road House on the sidelines today.
Mizzou with the helmets today.  All of us MO natives have a 1967-style Truman someone from our grandparents.
Virginia Tech should have been chickens that time and kicked the FG.  Unlike in the third, when they should have gone for it.
On this Monday, where NFL coaches often run the plank, a very rare December coaching change in men's college basketball -- Steve Alford out at UCLA. https://t.co/Dix9njXYHR
As I see the live satellite shots of various places getting ready for New Year's, I am flashing back 19 years... to when we all through the world would stop over Y2K.  Then Australia appeared okay and people quit freaking out.  #OldManMemories
What’s up with NFL announcers on multiple networks ditching the suits to look like page 24-29 of a department store catalog?
@jchristensenTV9 Depends who GB gets for a coach.  They have a 3-4 year window with Rodgers but GB currently has a bottom 5 roster.  Vikings have an excellent roster but a QB still unproven and that O-Line.
Skol Vikings.  Goodness.
@WillManso Losing to this year’s Wisconsin team by 32 will make anyone re-examine.
@BernieFratto And have a great show tonight.  I’ll hit up the podcast for my weekly Sunday morning listening.
I can’t be the only one who wants to see Saban pelt his players who got penalties tonight with oranges.
STEM skills doom Oklahoma on that onside kick.  Alabama simply answers, “bananas!”
Alabama is going full Derrick Thomas on Monday Night... while up 18.
The kid Saban just about assassinated fifteen minutes ago gets the onside kick.
@BernieFratto I’ll have to.   East Lansing I assume?
I’ll pay $9.99 just for an iso cam on Saban.
@ChrisLongKSTP Some people - very few - are just wired like this.  I admire the end results but I also see the peripheral damage.  Imagine me acting like that if my kids got a 34 on the ACT and not a 36.  Details matter - always — but perspective also matters.
Good stop for Oklahoma.  Now just six field goals from tying this.
Oklahoma kicked a field goal.  Down 21 against a team they can’t stop.  That’s like me adding more hair gel at 4:16 am when, really, I need to go through the scripts one more time.
“No more awkward talks”.  But still lots of awkward commercials while watching football with family.  Can’t they go back to their proper audience... the baseball playoffs?
Now Purdue is able to compare themselves to Oklahoma.
Another first quarter that doesn’t have me feeling too good about Tuesday morning in Tampa.
@AdamSalletKJRH Most of the other newsrooms are Mizzou fans crying about their bad luck or Cuse fans canonizing ‘Melo.
Haven’t seen a more underwhelming two hours involving Oklahoma since Tom Cruise in “Far and Away”.
These are CUSA refs tonight in Miami?
Anyone who grew up rooting for Mizzou, Kansas or Kansas State in the 1980s is not sad over what is happening to Oklahoma.
The sideline reporter could have asked Saban that same question whenever they filmed that awkward car commercial while shooting hoops a few weeks ago.
Notre Dame back to its role of... https://t.co/iWWFy2WOK3
The Clemson QB is 1979 Roy Munson. https://t.co/7lqamdiDkm
Michigan really punted there.
@justingehrts Who stole all their timeouts?
South Carolina every year is Tennessee with two more wins.
Okay.  So maybe THAT worked out. :)
What’s Florida wasting their time outs for?  Just get a yard.
In Florida-Michigan, whenever either of these teams have 3rd and 10 or more, just punt on third down.
What a mismanaged final drive by Michigan there in the first half.
Cedar Rapids traffic jam. https://t.co/tJbDVCT7Jh
Highly entertaining Alamo Bowl.  Iowa State losing by 2 instead of, say, 4 points last night makes it easier for some people I know to cope with the result but those timeouts are gold.  Don’t spend those timeouts frivolously.
Just heard a receiver described as “deceptively fast”.  Waiting for comparisons to Adam Thielen.  Better be deceptively fast or he’ll be only known as a “possession receiver” or a “heady player”.
Anyone here watching Auburn-Purdue and feel better about Iowa-Mississippi State than they did two hours ago?
Question just into the newsroom:  "Is the ice supposed to be slippery?"
What a life this man lived.  My grandfather served in the U.S. Navy in WWII, Pacific Theatre, passing in 2000.  I can't help but think, when one reads of Mr. Overton's life, it weaves in so many of the lives of the grandparents that people my age have.  Rest in peace, Sir. https://t.co/aPAdWl1Vym
Duke is going straight Billy King on Mark Macon today.
I can’t tell if the announcer in Shreveport is saying “Temple” or “tempo”.
Duke is running about as well as Georgia Tech was throwing.
@HornIT A close game.  Doesn't mean a good game.  But a close game.  20-14 somebody.
LOTS of people (whose opinion I respect) are jumping on Wisconsin today.  Have they watched this team in 2018?!?  Miami isn't good but I can't think of a single complete, solid game the Badgers played the entire season.
If Georgia Tech is planning to throw on first down, just take a false start instead.  You’ll keep the down.
The Atlanta Falcons are officially the second-most disinterested football team in the city this month.
Boise-BC in weather delay.  Only revelation on the filler coverage.  Kiper’s hair is approaching Paulie Walnutz status.
This.  I've now led 27 different teams on NCAA 13 to college football titles.  The struggle is real. https://t.co/uzjXAyZpye
@IAmScottyMoore And I would love to see him as an HC... In the same division.
I can’t be the only one wondering why there are no bowl games today.
@IAmScottyMoore This would be a GREAT hire.  Of course, I’m a Chiefs fan and think VJ is a future HOF coach and the broncos would be fools to let him go.
@garviniowa I’m an “original” Big Red fan (St. Louis).  A carnival of missed field goals, cheap ownership (it’s better now with Michael).
Even the Chiefs defense mad a Brian Schottenheimer-led offense look like the 1999 Rams.
“Cardinals not out of this game.”  Local radio broadcasts are the best.
Power suddenly goes out in my house.  For an #AMNewser, that means... time to go to bed.
Texans lose.  This means the Chiefs don’t even have to show up in Seattle.
Get closer, Eagles.  Get 10-15 more yards.
If the Eagles rally to win this, I can’t wait to see all of the new books about it from their coaches and players at Barnes n Noble this summer.
Watson just escaped more eagles than roadkill.
Nate Burleson: “he rolls over like cellphone minutes”.   As a former TV sports anchor schtickmeister, I approve of the catch phrase.
I am not the elf on the shelf.  But I see my doppelgänger is, apparently, a camera operator today with CBS at Texans-Eagles. https://t.co/Wd5MR6qz5S
@PhilReedKCRG If you don’t see it now, you will in a year when the suits get tight.  Trust me.
Just heard on FOX on new Panthers QB.  “He once threw for - get this - Michael Vick number - 730 yards in a single game.”  That made my ear twist with curiosity.  May be incorrect but counted 10 total games where Vick threw for 300+ yards in his NFL career.
@PhilReedKCRG Welcome to the life.  On weekends, I usually wake up at 4 am.  I’ll often watch a movie or a couple shows while I walk.  The challenge... don’t eat too many calories.
Very surprised Troy threw deep there on first down.  Up 35-32 and running game is solid.  Don’t need a 45-yard pass.  Need first downs and keeping the clock moving.  Run and win, Troy.
Boss move for Troy would be another onside kick to try and keep Buffalo from taking a snap the entire second half.
Perhaps Houston should get a post-season bowl ban like it’s one of seven teams on probation at the same time in the old SWC in 1986.
Army’s running game is forcing ESPN into the dreaded FOX “commercial after the kickoff” bit.
Haven’t seen an army breeze through Houston like that since San Jacinto.
@LieblLI The Memphis QB has been rough most of the day.   Got one big play.
Memphis plays for the tie.  In a third-tier bowl.  Gutsy.
@LieblLI Their deep guy returned one for a TD already.
Memphis definitely let them score.  And that was the right move.  Pay attention, Chiefs.
Even if they lose, Wake Forest defense was stout.  Only gave up 20 points on defense.  They couldn’t pitch a second-half shutout.  Almost.
85 percent of the people still watching Wake-Memphis started yelling during that two-point conversion return.  Including me.
Whoa.  The Memphis D coordinator is leaving for a head coaching job?  Memphis.
Run the ball, Deacons.  Memphis can’t stop the run.  You get no yards from passes batted down.
VERY surprised Wake didn’t go for it there on 4th and 2.
Birmingham Bowl guys.  Talk about the game.  It’s 28-27.  Save the filler for the next MAC game.
The Memphis offense cooled off faster than scrambled eggs.
These C-USA refs just may have served on the Warren Commission.
At least have the courtesy to review that catch, CUSA officials.
These C-USA refs are about as good as the defenses in Wake-Memphis.  They review a guy who went out at the 2 yard line but wouldn’t review a 4th down catch.
@TomCrean Hey Coach.  Up early as well here.  Thanks for the words here - good for basketball or life.  Go get a win today.
I hope the Toledo coach doesn’t suddenly move up the Packers search list because he was quick to empty out all his second-half timeouts.
Calm down, Desmond Howard.  Not a gutsy call.  You can’t trust a 50-yd FG attempt in the heavy winds of the Bahamas.  That was the right call, first down or turnover on downs.
In the #AMNewser world, careful about the read you give me.  Of course I'll change it.  "A bagel chain is warning its customers to watch for a hole in its security -- after a data breach."  @NicoleAgee adds: "start spreading the news".
Bond for Jerry Bonds set, after consideration, at $5 million dollars in the murder case of Michelle Martinko from 1979.
Bond set at $3 million in Burns case, cash only.
First court appearance for Jerry Burns, 64, in the 1979 killing of Michelle Martinko, 18, in Cedar Rapids.  Latest reports at 11 am on @KCRG.  Streaming live right now on https://t.co/SOP3m6GMe6. https://t.co/X7ItIjL4jf
When I woke up this morning, the thought of “there will be an arrest in the Martinko case from 1979 today” didn’t cross my mind.  Much more tonight on @KCRG and all day Thursday. https://t.co/7qCmvVewdM
Fewer men are more intimidating on first meeting than Guy Who Eats An Apple Off The Knife Blade After Slicing It Guy.
@FezzikSports @BradPowers7 Hawaii Bowl totals. When Hawaii is one of the teams going back to 2002, the totals are 87 (2016), 97 (2010), 70 (2008), 65 (2006), 99 (2004), 102 (2003), 64 (2002).  All over 61.
Cedar Rapids shooting:  CRPD confirms at least one person with gunshot wound on NE side.  Working the scene at 1640 Miami Drive NE (near Center Point Road/42nd) and also nearby Park Towne Ct apartment complex.  @KCRG at 4:30 with live scene reports from @PhilReedKCRG.
And all I can think of... Paige at the train station. https://t.co/nzdOmUIuY6
@lizbsmith11 To all of you.  Have a Merry Christmas.  You were passionate and classy during your time in Kansas City.  I’m sure I speak for all of the Chiefs fans when I say we hope recovery continues and you get some well-deserved family time.  Whatever the future holds... thank you.
I get up at 2 a.m.   That means I should be more successful. https://t.co/e3hZhFoY5t
Woke up to the Rams losing to Philly.  Only explanation I have is the Rams tanking because they’re unhappy with their outdated stadium and want to make it easier to move.  Oh wait.
Why take a timeout there for the Steelers?  I kinda trust Belichick/Brady with an extra :30 more than the Pittsburgh defense for 4th and 15.
Let em score, Steelers.  Just trust me.  You’ll want the ball last.  Get a PI or two and kick the winning FG. This is what dooms the Chiefs in these games.
I do not understand Pittsburgh taking two deep shots on that drive.  You need first downs more than you need points.
Middle Tennessee, apparently, won eight games this year without an offensive line.
@FackFill 51 points 31 minutes in. Stomach punch!
Hector Elizondo and Scott Bakula would have kept North Texas in it today.
Using the last 60 minutes as my guide, I think Kansas State got the right football coach.
How did Arkansas lose to THIS defense by 27 points three months ago?
Idea:  instead of tearing up lightly-travelled Cedar Rapids one-way streets, ripping out lights for four-way stops, unused bike lanes and traffic in both directions, do this instead:  rework all the big roads within 1/2 mile of Lindale Mall.  There is no flow.
@tonydvis I’ll take the field. Savannah State at Iowa.
@PhilReedKCRG can always bring the Urkel references.  An element always underappreciated in a TV newsroom.
@DVNJr Yes, it is.  I expect to see Joe Pesci saying hello to Steve Allen and his party of 8 at Nikky Santoro's restaurant in "Casino".
@SteveJnzn1162 @kkwhb Absolutely.  On the Benjamin catch to the KC 10, you absolutely let the Chargers score and give Mahomes/offense a shot at 28-28.
@mrhuber99 @ZinkeEJC Was saying the same thing at the time.  Just let the Chargers score -- especially on Benjamin's catch to the Chiefs' 10.  In 2018, where yards are cheap and defensive penalties common, you want the ball LAST.
@KSeaboldt In the minority here but once Benjamin caught the big chunk play, let him score.  Put your strength back on the field — that is, if the offense could go 2 plays without a holding penalty.
There is a new calculus to consider in the NFL.  Said it during the Pats loss, Rams loss and tonight.  You want the ball LAST.  Mahomes with the ball at 28-28 with 1 minute left would have felt better than any play in the last 4 minutes.
@jchristensenTV9 And it was the right call.  Had all the momentum.  The litmus test is — if the other team doesn’t want you to do it, then do it.
@kkwhb How can any of us be stunned?  Chiefs play checkers at the end of these tight games.
Shoulda gone to bed with Chiefs up 21-7.  At least I would have been alert and fired up with angst at 4:30 am for the news.  Good night!
There is one good possibility here.  No one is afraid to go to Carson and win a playoff game.
@KSeaboldt Not unreal.  Chiefs end-game play remains dreadful.
The Chiefs still play checkers in close games like this.  They needed the ball last.  And let the Chargers have the ball last.
Love the fact they’re going for 2.  As a Chiefs fan, I hate that they’re going for 2.
With this defense, yes, I would have felt much better than Benjamin scoring with 1:00 left and KC getting the ball back with the timeouts left.
This is the Raiders game last year all over again.
Should have let Benjamin score there.
Going a little non-conventional here.  If it’s inside the 20 with 1:00 left, let the Chargers score.  Play to your strength.
Can we play this game again with the penalty settings turned down a little bit?  For both sides?
A little surprised the Chargers are burning timeouts on this set of downs and not the next one, if needed.
Why do I feel better if the Chiefs have the ball at 28-28 with 1:30 left than I do right now at 28-21 KC with 3:37 left?
Chiefs need to hit 35 to lock this down.
Buck and Aikman must be going to a Sprockets party tonight in Westport.
This halftime show makes me yearn for wireless company ads with the straggly beard/kinda creepy guy.
Cue the Madden 94 voice.  “And that’s why he plays defense and NOT offense.”
Eastwood’s role in “The Mule” will make me suspicious of every old man here in Iowa driving an old truck.
The pick/not a pick shows the value of Ford’s hit the play before.  It he doesn’t get to Rivers like that, I bet Rivers doesn’t throw a floater.
Big completion.  Rivers is now 1997 Marino but can still sling it.
The weird part about this game is that these two will probably meet in four weeks at whomever wins tonight.
Nice catch by Williams.  That may be the one time endless fades are justified.
Should have been offsetting penalties. Sorensen flagged for the hold but Okung was grabbing Dee Ford like it was the fourth date.
A movie with Burgundy AND Reed Rothschild/Gus the Catcher.
Getting that Martyball Magic feeling of 1995 watching this.  Just need some Zubaz, some Zima and my Dance Mix USA Box Set on CD.
Chargers have a strong defense but definitely different vibe than Ravens.  Baltimore D IS The Wire.  Chargers D is the Anchorman fight.
@JimPolzinWSJ I don’t think Wisconsin scored 69 points in a single game between 1982-1987.
I can’t not smile when I see Antonio Gates make a catch.  Not many NFL guys still playing when I was still a sports anchor 13 years ago.
Antonio Gates in 2018 is built like a football version of Mr. 3000.  Still can play.
@rmeyers932 Well, they are wearing red pants tonight.
Rivers already in the classic fourth quarter mode.
There’s the recently retired tight end who should be on Monday Night Football. https://t.co/GspR0GUJYP
#AMNewser roll call for all of us Chiefs fans who will be on three hours of sleep tomorrow at work.
Zombies are in the Hall of Fame... while Eddie Money still has to buy a ticket.
A middle-aged man never runs harder - and ignores the weather elements - than the day before his annual physical.  Training today like Swain in Vision Quest for the scale.  It’s a mess.
@ebosshoops A general rule of TV news -- if it didn't work, we wouldn't do it.
@mellinger I think it’s a superb hire.  Klieman has had extreme success at FCS and doesn’t strike me as a coach who will bolt Manhattan during his first 7-5 season.
I’ve been in TV news long enough to know that when I see snowflakes flying around a @belk store, some states will, essentially, be shut down for a few days.
@amnewsboy A team of #AMNewsers talking about story options for the day?  So you're all done writing 7 hours of copy (or whatever you have to fill) and the 89 teases/bumps the day requires?  Overachievers.
How many late hits did the Ravens uncork on Mahomes in the fourth and OT?
Mahomes drive felt exactly like Montana in the ‘93 WC win over Pittsburgh.  A fourth-down in a panicky Arrowhead.  Poise and survival.  It’s been 25 years since I felt that good about a Chiefs QB down 7 in a playoff/playoff-style game.
“The Rams are looking like their old selves.”  Those words from the NBC promo are true.  Back to the last three years in St. Louis.  But at least they were tanking in STL from 2013-15 to make the move to Los Angeles easier.  Last night I cannot explain.
For the next 20 years, every empty seat in South Florida is going to tell other empty seats that it was there for the end of Patriots-Dolphins.
With Jarwin’s first down catch for Dallas, Network executives are now planning to give him an analyst gig in 2025, regardless of whether or not he is interesting or well spoken.
I feel exhausted after that.
Now Baltimore has the guy from the cover of NCAA Football 13 to rally back.  #RIPCollegeFootballGames #OBannonWinsWeAllLose
When your hands are busy, you hold on a crucial 2nd &amp; 8.
I imagine the KC coaches know the Pats-Dolphins result.  If so, defend against a TD and be okay with the FG.
Given New England’s loss, a tie is about as good as a win for the Chiefs.
I love you, Dolphins.
Needed ten more yards.  Possibly the best offense in football.  Needed ten more.
Chiefs still need to get some yards.  Not a chippy.
Win or lose, I’m very encouraged by the drive.  Even if I thought I was too slow, too filled with screen passes.
Nice!  They finally threw the ball past the sticks this half.
Watching this and having Chiefs PTSD of Elvis Grbac’s helmet speaker going out 20 years ago and him unable to call a play.
Why didn’t the Chiefs use THIS speed against the Rams with six minutes left??
Chiefs going to “Alex Smith Down to Pittsburgh in the Playoff Speed” again.
It’s okay.  So this has turned into Chiefs Home Playoff Game Fantasy Camp.  Not like we haven’t seen this before.  Let’s see how Mahomes does.
As all of us Chiefs fans are now rooting for the hapless and flaky Dolphins...
@RealMBB There have been lots of situational issues today.  Negative plays in the absolute wrong spots.
Getting too cute, Chiefs.   3/8 at the 35 means you need 10.  Doesn’t mean run the option. Whomever called that — get the first down.  Quit auditioning for the Jaguars job.
Chiefs better not be playing for another long FG.
This ref at Arrohwead is central casting of the cranky neighbor we all have in Iowa who fires up the snowblower at 1 a.m. when it could easily wait until 7 a.m.
If we have Magnum PI and Murphy Brown back, we totally have to have Cagney &amp; Lacey solving nursing home criminal activity.
Do not like that TO by the Chiefs (even as they held on third down).  Why give Baltimore a fourth time out?
Don’t like Chiefs going for long FGs today - and not because of the miss.  This is a touchdown game.   Should have approached that 3rd/8 as a two-down pickup.
The Packers are 4-7-1.  Pretty close to the Indiana Hoosiers’ record every other year in the 80s and early 90s.
Packers already out of challenges.  It’s like nothing has changed.
@justingehrts You shop in the “boys” section?
New Mexico State is legitimately good.
Congrats to Kyler Murray for winning the Heisman.  He was superb in every game.  As an Arkansas fan in the mid 80s, Kyler’s dad, Kevin Murray, used to terrorize the SWC as a Texas A&amp;M QB.  Hated when he had the ball in the 4th quarter.
Kansas is trailing New Mexico State in the second half.  Finally!  The goal is getting closer to have football and men’s basketball competing at the same level.
Kansas is in total Sweet 16/Elite 8-in-Kansas City mode.
My favorite Kool and the Gang song.  Yet there’s one puzzling lyric.  “She’s as heavy as a Chevy.”  What love interest wants THAT description?  Or was that part of the “misled” element? https://t.co/XEeUXK7yeF
Anyone backing Navy today should send that kicker a $10 gift card for the holiday.
A gigantic field goal for Navy!  Lots of ripped up tickets getting picked up.
Big stop for Navy!  Here come two runs for a yard and then a 3rd and long pass that misses by five yards.
Considering how every CBS SEC game takes 4 hours, these two are whining a lot that Army-Navy might take 2.5 hours.
We get it, Danielson.  You’re not backing down that it was a first down.
I can’t be the only one curious if the 1968 Heisman winner is going to show up tonight and sit in the crowd.
Army-Navy is the one game I support burning a TO instead of taking a delay of game penalty. Five yards in this game is like 30 yards in most other games.
Colgate really bled out the clock, down 14 on their final drive of the half.  Do FCS teams get a participation trophy for any loss by fewer than 28 points that I am unaware of?
@malarson75 How has Colgate won 10 games?  They can’t catch or hold onto the ball.
These refs in Fargo are just the opposite of Big XII title game refs.  They’re doing everything they can to keep the underdog IN the game.
As Kansas St may or may not be flailing in the coaching search, I think the best candidate for the next 5 years is... Wyoming’s Craig Bohl.  Won FCS titles at NDSU, stabilized Wyoming.  They’re rarely outcoached &amp; he won’t leave Manhattan after the first 7-win season.
Not sure Colgate has the teeth to stay in this game against North Dakota State.
“If You Leave” by OMD was the song of Ducky/Andie’s prom in Pretty in Pink.  Now this song is in retirement planning ads.  I wonder.  Did Ducky stash enough away for retirement?  Andie sell prom dresses online?  Blaine and Stefan blow their trust funds?  So many questions.
@FezzikSports @BradPowers7 @rjinvegas.  Took 17 stops but we’re back on the plus side.  Wonderful meeting all of you today!
@WCCORosen If nothing else, Rosie, this outpouring shows how many people care, how many lives you touched and also what’s really important.  On games we both covered, I enjoyed talking with you but, even more, how you did your job &amp; treated others.
Manchester United’s manager looks exactly like Celebrity Jeopardy Sean Connery.
Bulls fire Fred Hoiberg.  In an unrelated story, the coach of the Minnesota Gophers is requesting a “password recover” email from LinkedIn.
Tony Dungy on McCarthy firing: “I am extremely disappointed.”  Dungy knows McCarthy’s plight more than anyone.  One title with a HOF QB and lots of puzzling playoff flameouts.
RT @packers: The Green Bay Packers have parted ways with Head Coach Mike McCarthy &amp; named Joe Philbin interim head coach: https://t.co/90Sh…
What a beautiful play by Mahomes.  That should do it.
Bleed the game out.. 4:00.  Another snap at 5.  Not 1.  With this defense, they need a TD but, more than that, they need to drain the clock.
Once again, the Chiefs are leading late and snapping the ball with 11 on the play clock.  Just like in LA.  Win the game.  Each 8 seconds you snap early is another pass play for the Raiders.
Man, the Chiefs look done. Awful body language.  Hoping the Raiders game is where they stub their game and lost home field advantage.
I’ve seen this Chiefs in Oakland every other year and it’s playing out for me again.  Big KC lead and they keep throwing incompletions as the defense melts down.
Today goes down as a loss for Green Bay.  I truly believe today’s result will be a win for the franchise for the next four years.
Total 1984 PTSD. https://t.co/3mdu6DvMTh
Proud of what the KC Chiefs did Friday.  This has not been an easy franchise to root for the last 20 years off-the-field.  They took fans for granted at the end of the Petersen era &amp; the entire Pioli era.  Jovan Belcher. $60 parking.  Decency &gt; Winning at Any Price
The slap fighting so far in Arsenal-Tottenham is most entertaining.
The Ohio State coach’s memory when looking back on the football season is quite detailed and in full recollection.  No lapses at all.
When the Big Ten holds its trophy ceremony, I always think those are dollar bills falling on the commissioner and the winning coach from BTN carriage fees and the endless Maryland-Rutgers games but it’s just confetti.
Why even have review in the Mountain West?  I can’t think the Boise receiver didn’t catch the back of the end zone.
Georgia walked right into the trap.  Didn’t play to have the last possession.  What a disaster.
I always anticipate the Saban-trailing-at-halftime interview and I am always disappointed.
If Memphis-UCF was on FOX, the game would take 7 hours because of their commercial breaks after each kickoff.
Central Florida’s uniforms are like a version of “Colorado but with wins”.
Haven’t seen Georgia this impressive since season 3 of Dukes of Hazzard.
Texas got more flags than an iHop but they also approached their fourth-quarter offense in a fatalistic manner.  Can’t win with 3rd and 10 the whole quarter.
“The Yellow Flag of Texas”.  A look at the 2018 Big XII title game tonight on the Longhorn Network.
I see offensive pass interference is now considered “unsportsmanlike conduct”.  Life in the Big XII.
Texas runs a superb prevent defense.  Wait.  They’re down 5.
Only in the Big XII does terrible defense pay off.  Hook em Horns.
I do not know why Texas isn’t running the clock a little more.  Especially on first down.  You want to play “Canadian Football” (first down in 2 plays) and limit OU’s offense.
Absolutely.  This x1000. https://t.co/bbbKmAP40V
Iowa State beats Drake by 3.  Not in 2005 men’s basketball but in 2018 football.  Hope the mics aren’t hot in Ames during the commercial breaks.
Anyone who thinks Black Friday is a stampede didn’t sit in the press box at Wrigley Field in 1997.  Once the last out of the sixth inning was recorded, the media food became free.  THAT was a doorbuster for the ages.
Social Security could stay solvent until the year 2355 if 10% of the GDP was allocated on taking Texas as an underdog
@RobertHeyAbbott Robert, I’m two hours into LDOK.  Truly superb work.  The best of sports journalism.  Thank you for never letting this story go.  And for CNN having your back all those years with support and resources.
It’s never Saturday at 10:30 am until I hear Rinaldi and soft piano music as I serve breakfast.
@Hassel_Chris Aren’t you suspended from watching these two games?
The most intriguing part of “The Last Days of Knight”.  After IU fired Knight in 2000, the student did something almost never necessary at Indiana.  They tore down the goalposts at the football stadium.
Proud of my alma mater as Ladue wins 4A - first state football title in school history. https://t.co/FwoD2Ssm5b
Washington Huskies are the Jaguars of college football.
Makes total sense why the Pac-12 would play this game in an empty stadium at 5 pm pacific time.  One of the worst games in recent memory.
My 1992 Ladue classmate (and fellow #AMNewser) coming through with the video.  Keep it coming and thanks. https://t.co/qgeaJ0wjji
‘Due Time. https://t.co/Kt1PjzSxje
#Ladue bringing the goods early!  Go Rams. https://t.co/n1tYHG9Vyj
@jenniferfeldman @LadueSchools Due time!
RT @Ch2KTUU: Did you feel that!? The massive earthquake just miles north of Anchorage this morning is now prompting a tsunami warning alert…
Crushing playoff loss for @SportingKC last night.  Some overall upside: I’m as “sports devastated” right now as every Arrowhead early exit of the past 23 years.  SKC has reached that level in my fandom.
@HutchNews We all make mistakes.  We all hate making mistakes.  Learn from it.  Put out a better product starting now.
Why do these national TV reporters keep talking about “travel headaches”?  Considering all of the forgettable medical stories that always come down to diet/exercise, these “travel headaches” could be a real, ahem, “game changer”.  @TiredTVTerms
"Deal or No Deal" is coming back?  This a good idea?  Last time I remember people guessing briefcases with random numbers on them for stacks and stacks of cash, a recession followed.
@MrJackFox MICDS.  How crazy is that, right?  Go ace those finals in Houston.
@MrJackFox Hey, Jack, thanks for the like on the Rams post.  As a former Ladue placekicker "wannabe" (just couldn't get the distance past 40), congratulations on your stellar career with those Rice Owls.
Wind chills approaching 0.  That’s a “zero”, according to @Kaj_OMara. Also, United confirms Flight 483 (Chicago-Phoenix) landed in CR at 10:30 pm last night because of mechanical issues.  Rockwell Collins sale is official. @KCRG until 7 am.
@JackLamsonCBS6 Again, I've never had to throw out graham crackers.
@ColinCowherd Wouldn’t say Favre/McCarthy got along great at all.  Two years of retire/unretire &amp; then the OT pick vs. NYG in 07.  McCarthy nearly pulled him in that game.  Think about when you worked at that Tampa station you talk about.  Talent surrounded by weak culture.
For anyone in Iowa who sees a coach get a contract extension and wonders why, I offer Illinois:  https://t.co/bYvzwbREoR
@bgk_slacker @ScottYoungLV @SharpFootball Or the Seattle meltdown in the 2014 NFCCG.
Veteran #AMNewser move.  Put your tightest suits away for at least a week after Thanksgiving.
@GabeDeArmond This could be a sharp exit point for Odom.  Think about 2019.  No Drew Lock.  SEC East will get better (Florida, Tennessee).  If Mizzou is 4-8 or 5-7, does Odom survive?  If he goes now, this keeps him from being a DC somewhere or a head coach in the MAC in 2020
Tom Brady has thrown 43 miles worth of passing yards in his career.   That’s also 43 more miles than Wisconsin, Iowa and Kansas State travelled this year for their non-conference schedule... combined.
The Browns might get Hue Jackson fired twice in the same NFL season.  That would be as historic as 0-16.
Two reasons I’m all for the Browns hiring Arians.  It’ll get him off the CBS broadcasts.  It may keep Campbell at Iowa State.  May.
Browns up 14-0 in the first at Cincinnati.   Lewis is so getting an extension tomorrow.
I stand with Illinois in signing the current head coach to an extension.  I think all of us in the Big Ten think this is a good thing.
Yeah, Ladue!  Playing for Missouri Class 4A state football title next week against, wait for it, MICDS (Country Day).  What?  They’re playing in Columbia.  Can’t we just play it at Burroughs and call it good?  Or clear out the 17th fairway at Old Warson?
Even if you’re not covered in snow right now, you can’t tell me at least the forecast didn’t allow SOME of you to legitimately escape your holiday travel a day early and get back to sleep in your own bed?  Back home AND no shoveling?  That’s a win.
If Wolves-Huddersfield is good enough for Robert Plant, it’s good enough for me.  I’m in the mood for a melody.  Can’t he just go out there at halftime and belt out “In The Evening”? https://t.co/zqx1dTYxOt
These automatic pass interference calls are wrecking football almost as much as the FOX commercial break right after the kickoff.
As the Cyclones are alive again.
@RobertPriceTV I am nothing if not in service to others.
Congrats, Gophers.  Treat the Axe well.  Keep it out of the men’s basketball office.  Don’t want it get vacated by the NCAA in the last 12 months.
Watching Wisconsin run a hurry-up offense is like watching me do the weather.
@RobertPriceTV That’s the beauty.  This tweet can work in so many markets.
These highlights will be shown in an endless loop on ESPN in two weeks when USC names its new coach.
I enjoy swipes at Gopher football but their game management today is top shelf.  Not leaving any extra plays for Wisconsin.  Well done.
Last time Minnesota won at Wisconsin.  October 1994.  A dark day on the field but a fun weekend.  I was 19 and social chair of my house.  I can still hear “Another Night” by Real McCoy... before we slow it down with some “Return to Innocence” from Enigma.
Yikes, Wisconsin.  My teenage daughter has never known a world where the Paul Bunyan Axe has spent Christmas in Minnesota.
Gophers took about 76 minutes to call that 4th down play but the results matter.  Nice call.
When you’ve finally given up getting the Axe back, you go to Ace and get a wrench. https://t.co/3Wxh2zHqmw
The Mountain West needs to lay off the PI calls and buy some new 9-volt batteries for the ref microphone at New Mexico.  Details matter.
@DrewGoodman42 I’ve caught plenty of the games on Altitude so far.  Never heard of you before this but your voice is distinctive and a joy to listen to.  Keep it up.
Solid work, Tulane.  @FearTheWaveBlog and the Green Wave backers get to six wins.
Wyoming-New Mexico broadcast. “New Mexico coach Bob Davie saying ‘so long’ to 21 seniors.”  Emphasis can be really important in a sentence.
If you’re Ohio State and Michigan fans WANT you to run the Wildcat, don’t run it.
Only .4% of HS football players play D1 college football.  I wince to think of everyone at the lower levels handling kickoffs.
Ohio State. Your wildcat doesn’t work.  Just take a false start next time and keep Hoskins in.
Is Michigan even going to have 11 healthy players by the fourth quarter?
When people are fair catching at the 1, another sign we don’t have enough proper STEM classes.
@GRLitman Similar to another Friday night... 15 years ago.
UVA stays perfectly on brand.
Virginia. What a mess this drive is.  They had 3 TOs.  Virginia Tech has 0 TOs.  31-31.  Of course, what does UVA do?  Three straight incompletions.  Now tech has :40 left.
Make it stop.  And I like Michael Buffer a lot. https://t.co/wp6STreOl8
Missouri finally gets a call on the north end zone side of Faurot Field.
Still think Iowa could use another 10-15 yards here.
Whoa.  Kurt Warner’s kid burning the Hawkeyes.  25 years later, Iowa still paying for not signing Warner.
In life, avoid getting too cute at times.  Bet the Hawkeyes really wish they had that 3 points from the fake FG right about now.
Two timeouts, an offside and the FOX announcer saying “it’s got leg!” as it’s four yards short.  A sequence for the Smithsonian.
Seriously.  I want my next house to be an Abercrombie &amp; Fitch theme.  Black wood floors.  Specific lighting.  Overpowering fragrance when I walk in the front door.  I could put all my ties on display.  Under the lights. https://t.co/BgwqwdolJB
Wish I could get that NFL FOX “injury music” on Spotify the next time I twist my knee while jogging.
Chiefs-Rams was an NFL smokeshow.  Washington-Dallas?  They have a nice personality.
Now Stafford is truly comfortable after that pick six.
That wasn’t Ron Burgundy performing at halftime after Channel 4 axed him, was it?
Just a brilliant drive by the Lions.  They’ll probably sign Patricia to an extension at halftime.
The Lions aren’t down 17 in the fourth... not yet.  They can still throw the ball downfield.
“Let’s get Michael Buffer and create an ad that will make babies wake up from naps, old ladies cringe and make everyone in the room try to find the volume button on an unfamiliar remote at Thanksgiving.”  Well done.
In just one viewing, that Michael Buffer commercial has overtaken “Dad!  Can you take me to Jessica’s house?” as the most undesirable ad that runs during NFL games.  One viewing.
Bears-Lions prove that not everything can be Chiefs-Rams.
Not a Bears fan and I laugh at the Lions.  However, making Chicago play in the Sunday night game and then turn around for the early Thursday kick at Detroit is cruel and unusual.  Even with no Trubisky.
You know Romo wanted to say to Nantz, “dude, you’re going to be, like, 80 when those kids are in college!”
With the order to throw out all romaine lettuce, my daily food intake finally wins.  I've never had to throw out Oreos or graham crackers.
@TannerWetzel @kkwhb Been saying this all day.  Go back to 3:05 and Robinson.  If they stay in bounds and snap at 3 seconds (instead of 13) on the play clock, it gets under 2 minutes and they still are inside the 25 with 1st and 10.  In 2018, it’s not about scoring.  It’s about scoring last.
That being said, Rams got way too cute at the end up 54-51 and their 3 and out.  Just run the ball and win.  This thinking will cost them against Brees in January.
Heard @mlombardiNFL on @SportsRadio810 today.  Spot on with clock mgmt.  At 3:05 left, down 3, KC should have said “we can have the last 5 plays of the game by keeping it in bounds” and Rams wouldn’t have gotten it back.  It’s a new calculus in the NFL to close out games.
Rams had NO timeouts left.  At 2:25 with 1st/10 from LA 25, Chiefs could try for one first down in next two plays on the ground.   1:15 left.  One more first down and they could have run it down to under :30 and taken end zone shots to win.  At worst, FG and tie.
Punishing myself by performing an autopsy on the Chiefs’ drive to go up 51-47.   So many little time issues.  3:12 - Mahomes to Robinson to LA 23. Out of bounds 3:05.  Should have snapped at 3:03.  Go down in bounds at LA 25.  Clock bleeds to 2;25...
@BernieFratto @MitchMossRadio @paulyhoward They should have put him on what I call the Sam Rosen Game for a year or two.   Vikings/Lions early kickoff.
@MitchMossRadio @paulyhoward I find the Whiten/Booger team so inept that I watch the Spanish feed on ESPN2.  A language I do not even understand.  But I can understand people with smooth voices who don’t stutter.
How is Tony Gonzalez not the best HOF tight end who isn’t on a network game every week?
I'm now on my sixth week of watching the Spanish-language feed of Monday Night Football.  I don't understand any words other than "passo completo" but I think them much "easier on the ears" than the new team on MNF.
@Ultimatejobin16 Yes.  I’ve offered to do this for Reid for a market-competitive rate.  The Rams bailed themselves out with the PF penalty.  It cut out the available first downs.  All KC needed to do what run/throw short passes to bleed the clock.  Then score with :30 - either FG to tie or TD
Just saw Chiefs/Rams.  Another case of bad clock by KC.  Rams “McCarthy-ed” their TOs needlessly.  Down 47-44 with 3 min left, KC needed 1 more first down &amp; bleed the clock.  Run the ball/short passes middle of field.  Not about scoring.  It’s about scoring LAST.
Cedar Rapids is constantly ripping out traffic lights for four-way stops.  The one new light - 29th St NE and Prairie - stays green on Prairie about as long as Ms. Pac-Man’s superpowers on the orange boards.
Quite an active weekend -- I'm sure I'll have *something* to say about Nebraska-Iowa on Friday... Until that point, come on over to @KCRG this morning to get current.  Here until 7 a.m.
I want to watch a game of Monopoly involving the head coaches of the Packers, Broncos, Chargers and Panthers.  Or perhaps Hungry Hippos.
George Washington hasn’t had this cold of a day since Valley Forge.
The only explanation I have for Ron Rivera going for 2 there is that he forgot to set his DVR to record Madam Secretary and he needs to get back in time.  That’s the only explanation.
Carolina really going for 2?  Don’t like this.  If you fail, you lose.  If you get it, you STILL have the play defense against the Lions with all three TO left.  If you kick, you still have to play D.  None is an automatic W.
We are an NFL desert here in Iowa for the noon kickoffs today.   Packers played Thursday.  Bears-Vikings are tonight.  Chiefs are tomorrow.  Rams moves to Los Angeles.
@SBNationCFB Well, not for some of us.  Needed that last TD.
I hope Les Miles is taking the Kansas job with the stipulation that KU gets rid of the calligraphy font on the football uniforms from the past dozen years.  I know this is KU’s “branding” - even going back to the Todd Reesing era - but get some block numbers.
Johnathan Taylor ran through more yards to end his day than Ferris Bueller.
As Purdue didn’t run the ball on the plus side.  Think of the end game.
Surprised Purdue isn’t working the clock down.  You want to have the ball last here.
Last time Iowa won on the road was the 55-0 win at Minnesota.  The last game in the series at the Metrodome.  The infamous Metrodome Bathroom Game.
C’mon, Louisville.  Hire the Purdue coach.  Need the Boilers to go back to Illinois’ side of the street.
Yikes, Bucky.  This got out of control in a hurry.
May be time to relegate Illinois to the MAC West and bring up Toledo or Northern Illinois.
@DA_TechDirector Or hockey for Wisconsin.  I covered UW volleyball when Cook was building that before moving to Nebraska - I get it.  UW is not Ohio State and don’t have the athletic budget to be.  College football IS better if Nebraska wins 9 every year. The BT West certainly will be.
How did Purdue lose to the Gophers by 31 again?  Were they out until 3 am Saturday on Hennepin Avenue?
@DA_TechDirector Wisconsin and Nebraska are actually quite similar.  Top-shelf public universities.  Not many in-state blue chips.  Badger fans don’t expect nat’l titles in football or hoops but we’re more than happy with 6 Rose Bowls in 25 years and 2 Final Fours in last 5.
I know Tennessee has been bad the last two years but their QB has taken so many hits.
@cth71 Very open. But the QB was also sprinting and throwing against his body.   Too many variables for high leverage.
Maryland ran the dreaded roll out for the 2-point conversion.  Now back to their teams playing their road games throughout the Big Ten to half-filled, indifferent football stadiums and basketball arenas.
Ohio State’s coach looks like his receptionist told him the school president is on hold.
Just run the QB draw, Maryland.  And win the game.  One push from your line.
@Trykeman Better this than 2000 Florida.
Go for TWO, Maryland.  Win it right here.
Time for my far-too-common rant about college football overtime.  Put the ball at the 45, not the 25.
What a way for Ohio State to go down.
Which is Michigan State burning a time-out?   Time isn’t an issue.  Save them.
Nebraska would just be better off today taking a knee on first down.
Yeah, Huskers!  Now go win this.  Or least lose by less than 1.5.
Line of the day.  Pick-six for Utah State at Colorado State on Altitude.  “Nothing but snowflakes and fake green grass.”
Downfield, Nebraska.  Throw downfield.  Their receivers have run halfway to Wyoming if you add up the yardage on their sideline routes.
Thank you, refs in Lincoln, for sparing us the FOX kickoff commercial break.  Oh wait.  They still got it in.  Foiled again.
Arkansas is a dumpster fire today.
If Nebraska can just get a safety, they’ll cover by a half point.
I can’t even truly enjoy Ohio State’s delicious demise because they’re just not... that good this year.
Today’s Big Ten first-half games almost make me wistful for 1986, when you got one game and had to wait until sunset for Jim Lampley to tell you Missouri lost to Oklahoma 77-0.
C’mon, Fox. You have 46 cameras at this 3-0 festival for the eyes in Lincoln.  Show us the brawl.
Alex Gordon with front row seats for the Huskers game today.  Congrats on the Gold Glove.  Thanks for Game 1 of the 2015 WS.  Still should have sent you home. https://t.co/YrhKSxbXiQ
The Gophers and that 4th down wildcat are so cute.   It’s the prop comic of college football.
If Nebraska could hang onto the ball as hard as they hang onto the 90s, they’d be up 21-3.
Wake up, Nebraska.  When you get away with a fumble that wasn’t called, you snap the ball like you’re trying to get away with the Flea Kicker Win.
Enjoy the early games.  I project Nebraska, Arkansas and Syracuse to exceed expectations today.
My Saturday.  Snow is cleared.  Now my day is as well. https://t.co/GUCgkiNHQu
I’ve been watching college basketball 35 years.  Alabama plays the exact same style.  Can’t shoot.  Can rebound and run.  Plays in the 60s.
Now we have politicians in the NE blaming meteorologists about the snow.  Find me the next governor who saved lives in the 15 minutes a funnel cloud turns into a tornado and heads into a city.
Apparently, Alabama is a sharp first half play in basketball this year as well.
Ready to watch @ChrisHavelyWX ‘s Ball State Cardinals against Alabama.  Give me the Cards - never sleep on Ball State.  Their coach was part of the 1993 Badgers.  In the name of @chrisconger, they’ll win.
The Big Ten Network is showing a special on the 1997 Nebraska football team.  What?!?  Nebraska was in the Big XII in 1997.  That is like remembering your 5-year anniversary with your first wife while you're out to dinner with your second wife.
Likely too windy to run today.  Wondered how I would get in the exercise.  Then I see something like 77 college basketball games on... starting about an hour ago.
@ChrisAStanford @OKCFOX Good to see Topeka represent!
@ADavisKelley Splat.
As I get back into my car, I notice a mayonnaise packet four inches from by back wheel.   Perfectly centered in front of my tire.  We all know there are two choices.  Be a good citizen and pick up the packet.   Or just drive forward.
@becquartjason I just want to see if Rodgers will keep spending these final years surrounded by mediocrity on the field and with the coaching/front office..
When the Packers-Seahawks play in Seattle, the same theme transpires.  Packers get up early, their defense starts to melt, time-outs get burned early, Seattle takes the leads, coach who wears makeup always wins.
Major story this morning from Johnston/Camp Dodge.  News conference scheduled at 10 a.m. https://t.co/Wb7m7u4Dzn
@mbaggs33 Congratulations, Maddux.  You've earned this moment and have worked tirelessly to reach it.
It’s like when I stood line in 1991 for Guns ‘n Roses tickets in St. Louis.  But not really. https://t.co/fSkUU7JarU
This morning, @NicoleAgee had plenty of say about the "forever stamp" going up 5 cents in price.  My solution is simple:  Instead of giving a $15 gift card to a relative for their birthday, I'll just write a check for $14.95.  Boom.  Done.
Good on ya, @pphillip.  Read about your quick work to help save a life.  You're one of the good ones in our business.
Just got a call at 3:52 a.m.  "What network will the Iowa-Illinois game be on?"  We all have questions that keep us up at night.
If the 2018 Rams were the Jeff Fisher Rams heading for 7-9 again, I think we all know the field in Mexico City would be just perfect.
@ChrisAStanford That’s okay.  I’ll never get to the end of season 6.  It has been a slog to work through.
@BernieFratto @FoxSportsRadio Couldn't they just play it in the shell of the Silverdome?
That's the best idea for Rams-Chiefs as the field in Mexico City is a mess.  Unplayable.  Play it in St. Louis.  Those fans disavow anything from Kansas City and really dislike the Rams' owner.  No advantage either way.
@Kaj_OMara and dietitian @Cys_RD are both Iowa State alums, excited about the rest of the football season.  I have to be *that* guy.  Me: "Who will coach Iowa State in the bowl game?"
About to watch @MinesMSOC in the snowy surroundings of Golden, CO in the Division II playoffs.  A rare Monday afternoon showdown after getting snowed out Sunday.
Ten years for NASA to reach the moon.  Four years to make the NCAA tournament after Lickliter (okay, five for the Final 64). Yet First Avenue East in Cedar Rapids has had one lane closed and no people working on it since Iowa had 11 electoral votes. https://t.co/0LDftp01sD
RT @Super70sSports: When you get to heaven, the gumball machines are all just stocked with these ... https://t.co/RlUi8epUrL
TV News Cliche Watch:  I am hearing "racing around the clock" today from a national story.  That's madness.  Why would anyone race a clock?  The clock never loses.  I also never "work around the clock".  @TiredTVTerms
Here is drone video from Coralville this morning and the vacant motel fire that, if you look, takes out the entire back half of the building.		https://t.co/bH0CtRelAD
Major story today out of Coralville along Highway 6. https://t.co/f43xXZNrGV
How does the Raiders QB NOT know when it’s fourth down?  It happens every possession.
If the Packers do lose today, so many other can win.  Rodgers could get the new voice, Packers could have a long-term plan and the Browns could name have their new head coach by Tuesday.
Waaaay too tight for Sporting Kansas City but thrilled to advance.  Whew.
Fully expect the Bengals to announce a contract extension for their head coach on Monday.
@Soulcoffr @justingehrts @beefaroo_IL Really?   The burger was splendid.
@noyzsource ANY play can always work in Big XII.
@frankis843 Still a man.
Mike Gundy doesn’t like Twitter but I’ll still say he deserves a nod for going for 2 to win.
That’s a tasty burger.   Thanks, @justingehrts for the @beefaroo_IL recommendation while in Rockford. https://t.co/oMvqtmJeV6
There needs to be an oral history of 2018 Kansas-Kansas State.
As I wondered why the counting of the votes in Arizona stopped, I realized it was just one of those FOX commercial breaks with the TD-commercial-kickoff-commercial-first play sequences.  They've just been in break for 8 hours.
With my Election Morning After coverage over, here is my “sheet” for 2018.  Time for a power nap. https://t.co/3MHyAqFIRk
Iowa's voting in the 2018 midterms. Here is the split with the most impact:  We all saw Reynolds defeat Hubbell 50-47 for Governor.  Now take ALL of the votes for Congress over Iowa's 4 districts.  Democrats 50, Republicans 47.  (656,979 Democratic votes to 607,826).  @KCRG
ABC has more announcers tonight than the team working that Mariners-Angels game 30 years ago when Enrico Palazzo sang the national anthem.
@LocalTVSPXPrbs I’m out of sports and have been since 2005.  However, I loved the nightly circus of shooting 3-4 games, finding a funny or intriguing angle and blending it all together at 10 pm.  Exhausting and exhilarating.
@MitchMossRadio @paulyhoward Split it in the middle for mid-major conference tournaments. Make it where the top 4 teams in a conference qualify.  That way it keeps the end of the season relevant.
@justingehrts I’m sorry the coupon didn’t work for you at checkout.  That must have been frustrating!
How bout them Cowboys!  The shine is off the star.
Can’t have Titans-Cowboys without three turnovers in the first quarter.
Mike Vrabel actually looks like the one NFL coach this week who belongs in the themed coaching outfit.  The others look like they’ve walked out of a Cabela’s before a camping trip.
“Winston or Mariota?” was once a thing.  “Leinart, Young or Cutler?” was once a thing.  These are billion-dollar corporations with decisions like this to ponder.
The soundtrack for @KCRG_FirstAlert these days.  He clouds have me indulging in my self-defeat. https://t.co/WReFNheOar
My assessment of the MNF announcing crew.  I now record ESPN2 to watch the game the following morning.  I don’t even understand any words on the ESPN2 except for “passo completo”.
What the political campaigns don’t quite understand.  Is knocking on doors the day before Election Day worth making the dogs on the street go absolutely bonkers?
@jefflongKU Here is where the challenge is even more acute for Kansas.  You can't just win and go 7-5.  You have to also entertain, too.  The experience as a fan matters.  In 2018, boring/predictable football (even if it's winning) is going up against watching 37 games on a Saturday.
How does that TD pass from Mahomes not lead to the Mariah Carey-like Greg Gumbel “excited voice octave jump”?
I’ll spend the NFL’s money in this era where it’s $60 to park at Arrowhead.  #SaluteToService
First time I’ve ever seen this.  An illegal spike.
Somewhere, the recently fired Browns coach just saw the Cleveland kicker make a 51-yard field goal and yelled profanities at his goldfish.
Say it, Holthus.
Who has the Sam Rosen Game today?  I’ll guess Lions-Vikings.
Why not challenge that spot if you’re Reid?   Wait... not challenging it says KC clearly doesn’t respect the Browns.
Thankful I get Chiefs-Browns instead of another 13-10 Steelers-Ravens tree stump pulling contest.  I’ll even be okay with hearing Arians being as bland as possible.
Daylight Saving always messes up the #AMNewser in your life.  We never get enough sleep as it is and the “fall back” is the only morning we usually wake up in the middle of the night and can’t go back to sleep.
Mizzou is winning at Florida, 14-3.  However, will a Mizzou win today *really* be a long-term win for the Tigers and the program?
Ten weeks into the season and I still can’t get the 2018 Hawkeyes right.
Missouri wearing what appears to be a mustard blotch on their helmets today.
When Iowa and Purdue get together, every 55-yard completion looks like the players on both teams are running in a toddler pool.
Superb answer by Iowa.  A 12-play drive like that will wear down Purdue.   Just watching to see if Iowa can figure out the Boilers’ offense.  They’d better do it quick.
Kentucky looks really scared.
I don’t think the “P” on the Purdue field is large enough.  I think that has more square footage than my starter home back in Duluth.
Even with the FOX TD-Break-Kickoff-Break-First Down Play madness, Ohio State’s players would already be wearing their Axe getting their Suavecito on if they hadn’t cluttered up the second half with needless incompletions.  Run the ball, Buckeyes.
Louisville has given up 77 points.  The kind of performance that’ll make you kick a kickstand.
Okay.  Now I’m rooting for Nebraska for the first time since the ‘93 Orange Bowl.  Ohio State clearly won’t “meet expectations” today.  Go to it, Scarlet Huskers!
27-3 Iowa State.  1:37 left.  And Kansas is calling timeouts to try and get the ball back.
Nebraska’s best defense is whomever keeps calling pass plays for Ohio State.
If you want to watch a good finish for the early games, get to SEC for South Carolina-Ole Miss.  Defense optional.  Quite exciting.
Why can’t Ohio State just run the ball for six yards every play?  They’re trying to force their QB to act like a Big XII offense with these quick slants.
Delightfully complete game so far for Iowa State at Kansas.  Not unexpected but very business-like.
This is what Ohio State deserves for dressing up like Cincinnati.
Rutgers/Wisconsin should never be subject to the dreaded score/break/kickoff/break/action sequence that FOX/BTN love.  Oh wait, the commercials are more exciting than this game.
Almost to the “favorite tipping point” with Ohio State.  As in “once it becomes clear Ohio State won’t win by a random number like, 18 points or more, then I hope Nebraska wins.”
@Mizbol1 Ohio State got boat-raced at Purdue.
Ohio State and Wisconsin are at different levels this year but they’re both equally disappointing to the expectations of August.
Anyone sitting through this Rutgers-Wisconsin game should be able to deduct the price of the tickets from their Wisconsin state taxes, at the very least.
@mattckenney My abacus method is no longer needed!
Watching Season 6 of House of Cards. The Gazette’s @jamesqlynch, apparently, is one of the traveling press with President Underwood.  Okay, so it’s close. https://t.co/jS9qLNvNos
Ready for me and @ChrisDuerr to catch a flight to Sacramento in June for the parade of 2018-19 NBA Champion Sacramento Kings.  I’ll be in the Scotty Wedman Kings jersey.
@MitchMossRadio @mattyoumans247 @VSiNLive The rare game where both games came out overrated for the following week.
@mellinger Always had a progressive tax system in my house.   Anything fewer than 5 pieces of candy wasn’t taxable.   6 to 15 - i would take 2.  15 and up, I would take 30 percent.
@Royals The best November Sunday that ever stretched into November Monday.
@ChrisDuerr I did this for years.  Twice a week in October.
Good morning!  @NicoleAgee is back today!  This means a bevy of benefits.  The level of humor will go up.  the volume of dad jokes will go down.  Come on over to @KCRG until 7 a.m.
@mickshaffer Yuck.  Definitely an acquired taste.
The biggest enemy for an #AMNewser is a warm bed on a cold morning.
I feel dirty driving south on Oakland Road NE today between 32nd and J.  Just wrong.
NFL Reporter Albert Breer on The Herd:  “I’d be shocked” if Cyclones head coach Matt Campbell wasn’t under consideration for the Cleveland Browns head coaching job.
I have a daughter in show choir and mock trial.  By mistake, I called it “show trial”.  Wait.  That would also be entertaining.  As long as she’s not the defendant.
Only the Browns keep a coach who went 1-31 and then fired that coach after winning two games in a half season.
Also on a day where your voice is at about 90%, you absolutely hit the brakes when you see "horrors" on a cold read.
Bear with me today, if you so kindly would.  The first thing that goes when your voice is a little "less than optimal" is the ability to enunciate.  "Remember", "incumbent" and "particular" could be amusing to watch today.
@JackLamsonCBS6 @JuliaDunnWRGB1 @MelissaLeeOnTV @CBS6Alyssa About 7-8.  That was what I remembered and, back then, I was broke (still in sports) so the budget was razor thin.  11 or 12 could have sunk my budget!
We see another case of haphazardly using timeouts.  Yards are cheap in 2018.  Take the five yards back.  Bet Green Bay wishes they had just one more timeout left.
The casinos should give Gurley a fruit basket.
So McVay knew exactly what he was doing.
49ers-Cardinals ends the only way it can.  This game needs a 30 for 30.
VERY surprised the Rams didn’t go for the TD and a chance to be up 7.
@jsorgi Except both teams are down to one TO with 3:30 left...
Biggest TD catch for a bad Arizona team since Rod Tidwell.
Kyle Shanahan has a team that is 1-6 but he has his PhD in clock management in this final minute.  Well done.
If you squint just right at the 50 at the LA Coliseum, you can see the LA Express logo under the USC one.
Perhaps this is end-game brilliance by McVay.  Last thing he needs from 2019-2022 is Green Bay with a QB/coach on the same page.
Nope, no live Packer rants today. #MLS Decision Day is wild.
A field goal at Arrowhead with major implications for some.
STEM issues with NFL coaches.  Up 33-14 with the extra point pending, Carolina goes for two.  No no no NO.  Up 19 means 8/8/3 from Baltimore ties the game.  20 means three TDs are required.  NFL teams are billion dollar businesses.  Take the math seriously.
Stafford time!
This Denver TD is no different than when Happy Gilmore got up against Bob Barker.  They haven’t had enough...
Seriously, Pittsburgh.  The Steelers didn’t know the “free kick” is a live ball.  If I’m playing the Steelers and stuck inside my own 5, perhaps I take a safety on purpose...
If Seattle gets up 35-7, this could be a record opportunity for the Lions QB.  Three garbage-time TDs and 250 yards passing in the fourth quarter might set a new record.  That would deserve consideration for Canton.
I can’t really criticize any NFL coach on clock management today if I’m going to eat Mudpuddle popcorn and toasted ravioli all day.  That is bad clock management, too.
@Golfer_Jake_78 Between Reeves, the Rat and Clipboard Kubiak, they generally have coaches who know what they’re doing.  This is a nice transition for Chiefs fans.
The Cincinnati Bengals are the Mizzou of the AFC.  Today against Tampa Bay is their Missouri State.  Or UConn.  Or Tennessee-Martin.
@Golfer_Jake_78 I don’t disagree with the playoff meltdowns at all.  Frankly, if the roads goes through Foxboro, I think it’ll end short of Atlanta.  Just please, Elway, keep your coach.
That missed extra point at Arrowhead could brighten or dampen someone’s day in about two hours.  Could.
Careful, Chiefs.  Keep Denver kind of in this.  I want their coaching staff to stay for the next five years.  No changes.
There’s also a Trestman-Sherman Showdown right now in the real NFC North.  The CFL.
“Chiefs defense is on their heels.”  They’re wearing heels?  Do they at least match the red home uniforms?
The most Kansas City NBA day.  Lue and Drew both played HS ball in the metro.  Drew played for the Kings in front of 12,000 empty seats each night in KC in 84-85 before the move to Sacramento. https://t.co/qmH4n9DGQM
Listening to the Jaguars radio broadcast.  An ad from the “official plastic surgeon for the Jacksonville Jaguars”.  I got nothing.
“A conference with no divisions!”  The Big XII acts like this was their choice.
Stanford scores... and leaves 1:25 left on the clock for Wazzu and their 3 time outs.   Think, selective school, think.  I’d rather have the ball down 38-31 at the Wazzu 6 with :30 left than tied with 1:25 left and Wazzu with the ball.
Washington State continues the charmed life.  They may not always win but, in 2018, they always cover.
On Missouri’s bizarre loss to Kentucky.  Why was Mizzou throwing?  They needed two yards and Kentucky was down to 1 timeout.  That’s the kind of loss that makes seats hot.
On Colorado’s bizarre loss to Oregon State.  Saw bad body language at end of Buffs-Washington.  Wondered if would carry over after the USC and Washington losses.
Texas as a road favorite is like 1779 England as a road favorite.
Kansas wins.  Missouri loses.  Nebraska wins by 33.   It’s 1995 all over again.  Just need me some Skee-Lo and olive, double-breasted suits.
@jchristensenTV9 Collar getting a little tight.
That’s such an Iowa-Penn State score.
As Iowa now looks around the Big Ten West. “Hawkeyes, your moment is waiting.”
Anyone who covers with Michigan State today should rip up the ticket  out of self-respect.
Rocky Lombardi is the most accomplished male athlete from Iowa to have the flowing blonde hair since Roy Munson (Ocelot) won the state bowling title in 1979.
Today’s Iowa State unis are my second-favorite Cyclone uniforms.  Only behind: https://t.co/Joz7EZteEM
Hey @AnishESPN, welcome to our state!  Have a good call today.
Brutal hoops clock management. CHiPs Season 1 Ep 2.  CHiPs vs some outfit in city league.  Down 6 with :44 left, Ponch turned into 1984 Isiah vs. the Knicks at Cobo Hall.  8 unanswered to save the day.  Ponch celebrated by assaulting suspects and pursuing co-workers.  #1970s
The beauty of the Indiana defense rests on its predictability.
It’s tied 31-31 with 3:19 left.  With all of Minnesota’s incompletions and their tired defense, the Gophers could still lose this 52-31.
It’s raining hard and the Gophers can’t even row their boat.
The 2003 Minnesota Gophers scoff at the level of this Friday night collapse.
@MitchMossRadio I truly believe the coach-QB dynamic never recovered.
@mitchmossradio @paulyhoward 2014 NFCCG was the day the Rodgers Packers were never the same before they were too scared.
Little life pleasure.  Going between stops on America Reads and grooving to Donny Osmond’s “Soldier of Love”.  Best soldier song from summer 1989 not called “Toy Soldiers”
Thanks to Mrs. Boekhoff’s class at @WilkinsElem in Marion for having me over for America Reads.  One kid asks: “is that your Ferrari outside?”  If only. https://t.co/gX9VQccXLw
@Andrew_Fefer Don lives here in Waterloo, off all places.  Still, if Clark doesn't drop the foul ball, if Porter doesn't let a passed ball go by... (I didn't see it as I had stomped off to my room and slammed the door.)
@Kaj_OMara @Kaj_OMara with the win.  Wind sock.  Nicely done.
Political Commercial Cliche Watch.  If you "reach across the aisle" on an airplane, you may be subject to arrest upon landing.
Training last night to take on @Kaj_OMara for WeatherWise.  At 11 in a row - tied the record from 2010 and 2016.  Going for 12 at 6:42 a.m.  For this pursuit, there is no easy way out.  There is no shortcut home. https://t.co/oe3xxLoPFD
And #ForeverRoyal https://t.co/VghSwHnBXF
@kayquinn Hi Kay - not an “old friend” but as a former ticket holder at The Arena in my teenage years, I always appreciated your father’s vision in building something that would really last.
You can't stop me, @justingehrts.  11 in a row.  Boom.  Greatness awaits.  The record of 12 correct WeatherWise answers in a row is our DiMaggio's 56.
Come on over to @KCRG until 7 a.m.  Get set for the day.  @justingehrts will try to stump me on WeatherWise.  I'm at 10 days in a row of correct answers.  The Record at the KCRG-TV9 World Headquarters is 11, from 2010 and 2016.  Focus.
@ChrisLongKSTP I would definitely go with DISH or DirecTV for this, then.  DVR is crucial if you need to watch Wolves/Wild/Lynx/United games on the west coast on the regionals.  Your market also isn’t one where there are sat/TV company disputes and blackouts.
@ChrisLongKSTP Depends on your use.  Sunday Ticket may not be that crucial if you’re covering Vikings or anchoring.  Figure out the times you’re NOT at work and go from there on what to choose.
Wish I could have gone to Steely Dan’a party when “Josie” came home.  Sounds like it was off the hook.
I am not losing on this day.   Not the nicest day of the month.  Even if THIS is my shadow. https://t.co/ORpSkMS2S0
2018 Chiefs have so much in common with 2015 Royals.  Brash, using speed well, have leaders who embrace being “the face” (Hosmer/Mahomes), seem to have the clutch gene and, yes, both have a manager or coach whom we are slow to trust.
If I win MegaMillions, plan on the 2020-21 Iowa State men’s soccer team to be a thing.  That’ll be my donation.  I’ll even pay for a women’s Texas Hold Em or bowling program to be Title XI compliant.
@Mizbol1 I do half and half.  Bag the back.  Rake the front.  We have a giant leaf vacuum that gets the curb.
What is this "hot-button issue" that I often hear said in TV news?  All of my buttons are usually room temp, unless I was doing 10 p.m. live shots in front of empty buildings in the winter.  Then, the buttons were very cold.  Zippers are much more sensitive to temperature.
Who else raked leaves on Sunday?  Between shoulders and the lower back, I feel like a rusted-out action figure that hasn't been played with since about 1984.
We've got @justingehrts in today for @Kaj_OMara.  Be ready for the most pleasant day this week for today - Monday.  Come on over and get set to meet the day.  @KCRG until 7 a.m.
(Again, just watching this “as live”).  45-10 Chiefs.  After KC’s CPR celebration, they’d better get Mahomes out for the game.  For his safety.
Surprised the Bengals ever push another team’s QB when that QB is going out of bounds.  I can’t imagine any Cincinnati opponents ever want to knock out their QB.
Woke up early to watch Bengals-Chiefs. Unaware of what happened.  Pleased to see Alex Gordon “bang the drum”.  These days, it’s good they didn’t place the drum on the outer half of the plate.
Beautiful trip to Dallas, @SportingKC.   Just masterful business trip.  Welcome to first place.
@ChrisLongKSTP The Vikings boil frogs.
LOVE the call by Vrabel.  If you’re the dog, always go for 2 and the win.  Don’t play for OT when the better QB is on the other side.  Didn’t work out today but I respect it.
@ToddBrommelkamp Tweet of the night.  Take a bow.
There could be a movie script about Henry Hill and the side effects of him going on Chantix.  I’d watch that.
Oregon.   You have an NFL QB and you’re down 17.  Pass the ball.  Ditch the slow pace.
Love you, LoCain. https://t.co/Qyb7RImUU8
@onlyworkinspace You gotta be REAL careful with that one.  Sloooooow down amid all the syllables.
It’s a small sample size I admit but every time I see Aguilar at the plate, it seems to end with a strikeout high or low.
Six minutes.  The length of time from the extra point to the first play from scrimmage for Oregon-Wazzu as FOX now does the TD-break-kickoff-break-first play bit for college football.
Mizzou might rack up 80 like they’ve got Buntin, Coward, Sandbothe, Church, Chievous and Irvin suiting up.
Wisconsin finally looked decent.  Even Mike Sherman has the Alouettes winning on the road.  These signs have to point to Brewers winning tonight, no?
@jchristensenTV9 I haven’t rooted this hard for Minnesota since... Ever.
Usually, the Gophers only respond this quickly when the NCAA is calling.
This may be Nebraska’s most unthinkable loss in seven days.
Buffaloes bailed out by the worst rule in football.  The fumble out of the end zone.  I think it’s karma for Washington going wildcat on first down.
@LooksLikeCesar Made back the $325 purchase price.
Good to see Nebraska back to 1991 form.  Good to see Minnesota back to 1991 form.
Michigan going full Derrick Thomas Monday Night on one drive.
Alabama’s running backs are spending more time jumping on orange squares than Q*Bert.
Michigan State’s coach always looks like he just came across his wild college kid’s Instagram account for the first time.
Every Saturday, Alabama has a better first half than “Wedding Crashers”.
Is that Dennis Quaid selling insurance?  Yeah!   “Who’s the greatest pilot you ever saw?” is back.
No one can really pass this along to the 3 million deer of Wisconsin but it would be best to stay off the roads tonight - whether the Brewers win or lose.  Just stay off the roads tonight.
Did the third guy in booth for Illinois-Wisconsin win a sweepstakes to be at the game with a microphone?  Tripping all over his cliches.
@sully7777 Sitting through this game is tougher than a two-dollar steak.
“Dad, can you drive me to Jessica’s house?!?”   Good to see the brattiest daughter character of any commercial in recent memory is back for another season.
SEC Network has a studio host named Peter Burns.  Jack Wagner’s character from Melrose Place smiles.
If Iowa keeps running the ball, fans at Kinnick may be able to get home in time for Nebraska’s second false start penalty.
I’m watching Tulsa-Arkansas and have watched most of it.  This means I can’t give ever my kids any trouble playing Fortnite all day.
Illinois is an unmade bed of a football team.  They’re even making the 2018 Badgers look sharp.
Benefit to the brisk pace at Kinnick.  When all the other games are at halftime, Iowa and the Turtles will be in the third.
Iowa runs a fade.  Into gale force words.  And... of course, it works.   That’s like juggling bowling pins in the parking lot this morning.
Snow bowl!   Shoulda gone to Homecoming. https://t.co/QlO2HgqWrM
The games in Arkansas and Iowa could each be finished before the Golden Corrals switch over to dinner pricing.
Illinois remains the free space of Big Ten Bingo.
Tulsa and Arkansas are the epitome of early incompetence so far.   The Scarlet Razorbacks are playing the same offense when you first play Madden.  Bleed the clock and try to win 9-7.
Just like @Kaj_OMara said it would be.  Hold onto your mustard if you’re tailgating. https://t.co/eIyspdUZNc
@Mr_YoungCRW I plot out my viewing plan most college football Saturdays.   Last week, my DISH was broken for Saturday.  Oh, the humanity.
Fans at Kinnick:  you don’t feel the wind.  It’s not cold.  You don’t feel the wind.  It’s not cold.  I’ll be in the basement. https://t.co/c4imvMeL2d
Don’t act like you don’t want some of this. https://t.co/C1hEVqw9gx
@revtweetermitch #FakeNose
@glrush13 Strategic naps, throughout the afternoon, hold lots of power.
If Arizona State wanted to win marketing today, just send out a tweet: “Bring your Arizona Cardinals ticket stub NOW to Sun Devil Stadium for free admission to a game that’s within 25 points.   Leave now and get here by halftime.”  Do it, ASU.
Neil... Roy... save us.  For the love of Jim Hanifan, save us. https://t.co/MCKFCohuOU
These are tricky days as a Chiefs fan watching the Denver Broncos.  You don’t want them to win.  But you also don’t want them to go 5-11 as you want the Broncos to keep their current coaching staff in place.
The Arizona Cardinals are back to the Rod Tidwell Era Cardinals.  Back when the lead singer of The Eagles was their GM.
You know you’re a middle-aged guy from Kansas City when you’re at your teenager’s choir concert and you automatically roll up the show program like you’re Larry Brown at Kemper in 1988.
In the spirit of the political season, I'm substituting the word "invest" in when I really mean "spend".  Today, I plan to invest $7 in a steak burrito.  My working family may or may not approve as we try to make ends meet.
@stlbadger2435 @Cruz_Buchanan_ True.  I'll say this as a Chiefs/Kansas City fan.  Pull up about any Chiefs game on YouTube from 1976 to about 1988.  Arrowhead was a ghost town quite often.
@dinodlz @TiredTVTerms I’ll go back to my drawing board, speak out and raise awareness about this and how we can all come together to impact the community.
TV News Cliche Watch.  "Back to square one".  Where is this square one?  I'm definitely not on square 100 of life (using the Chutes and Ladders standard scoring system) but I would say I'm in the mid 40s, some days I hit square 57 or 58.  @TiredTVTerms
Freaky how many 2014/15 Royals have a role in this game.
Brewers’ hitters could really use that 2015 Houston Astros bullpen right about now.
Marlins Man looks waaaay too much like Dan Le Batard today.
No Royals fan is shocked by the events of the bottom of the 7th today in Los Angeles.
Random:  Every time I hear the “Ordinary World” guitar solo, I instantly flash back to that winter of 1992-93.  My freshman year at Madison, where I believed to be the coldest place on earth.   Of course, I moved to Duluth seven years later...
There you go, LoCain.  If that was the 2015 Royals, both of the runners would have scored but that’s okay. #ForeverRoyal
Brewers escape the first.  Whew.
The late afternoon NLCS game at Dodger Stadium brings to mind one moment.  Don’t pitch to Jack Clark.
Bonus!  Brewers-Dodgers Game 5.  Since its FOX, lots of pitcher/batter “nostril shots” before each pitch.
If police would have arrested the man at a salad bar, would that be a "cold case"?		https://t.co/U7vvl1Vocs
Best day of fall.   90 minutes left of it. https://t.co/RXc3KlVQCV
A friend from my Duluth years as a sports anchor and UMD men’s basketball.  Life is short.  Savor each day.  I’ll see you later, friend. https://t.co/ytFtJjdBr4
@BPBroadcaster No.  No.  No.  This is a kick in the gut.  Just learned of it here from you, Brian.  Loved covering his teams all those years.  A friend.
Colin Cowherd - of whom I am a longtime fan of - finally comes to the public realization that the Packers’ issues aren’t Rodgers-based.  They won 1 SB in spite of leadership and haven’t returned because of it.
Watching 4th Qtr of 49ers-Packers.  Horrific clock mismanagement by the Niners.   Two first downs wins the game.  Their incomplete passes, essentially, gave the Packers six timeouts in the second half.  Another “young genius” getting too cute.
Good morning on this Tuesday.  Cedar Rapids city council members met in secret to talk about payments after NewBo Evolve.  Also, final honor flight of the year from Cedar Rapids.  @Kaj_OMara takes us through the day -- highs around 60, wind fading by the afternoon.  @KCRG
@nickpiesco @TiredTVTerms I ask... and I learn.
Do reporters in Great Britain or Australia say that someone "goes the extra kilometer" when doing good?  (Or, as we say, "helping others in the community")  @TiredTVTerms
Eating a leftover calzone at 2:10 a.m. rarely works out well.  #AMNewsers
On the story of a man in Cedar Rapids going to numerous restaurants, eating and not paying, I wonder if a cook has simply thought of adding stool softener the next time he shows up.  By doing this, it won't, uh, "clog" up the court system.
@LarryMillerTV Bold work to make the #LarryChallenge public.  You can do it -- but it's hard to stay trim on our schedules.  I have to walk/run constantly just to maintain when I get up at 2 a.m.
TV News Cliche Watch.  Do we ever find people "sound and safe"?  It's always "safe and sound".  I will definitely go "beyond and above" as I look into this.
@MFrizzell85 @TiredTVTerms @WriteLikeUTalk The “completely destroyed” term of weather.
Took forever to work through Chiefs-Patriots.  Yeah... somewhat entertaining.  No shame for the Chiefs.  We knew their defense was a mess.  Put on a good show.
Chiefs defense about as expected so far.  Off to sleep until 1:30 am to watch the rest.  See you at 4:30 am on @KCRG.
Next time Mahomes throws an INT, please just walk towards the sideline.  With this defense... let it go and live to play another down.
Really need the Broncos to make a game of this.  Don’t need him firing coaches and then bringing back John Fox and new QB Eli Manning.  Wait.  PLEASE make this happen.
@LooksLikeCesar I can’t handle RedZone.  The same reason I can’t do buffets anymore.  No self-control.
Bill Cowher just called the Tennessee Titans “the Houston Texans”.  That’s like when my kids claim I am really Rick Astley.
Domino’s has this odd obsession with filling potholes but, in another ad, has a man running at full speed with a 3-foot pair of scissors.  The potholes are much safer.
I like my roast beef sliced as thin as Tony Romo’s ties.
That Broncos-Cardinals ad really was sellin’ it.  I would have re-written the promo.  “Two teams that have so many glaring weaknesses that it HAS to be entertaining.  And stick around for the 4th quarter when both often mismanage the clock.  That’s Thursday.  On FOX!”
With the craze of in-game “action”, we could all live in Costa Rica in ten years by reacting to Jaguars games.  When they’re down by 7, take the other team and collect in three hours.  When they’re up by 7, take them and collect.
Titans.  A Roman expression for “fool’s gold”.
October Sunday when the Chiefs play at night and the Packers play on Monday. https://t.co/eeFRHpXC4q
Denver is about to give Brock Osweiler a $72 million contract off today.
Tie!  Tie!  Tie!  What I’m rooting for.  Of course this means both Bears and Dolphins will be exhausted for next week.  All because of these crazy rules to placate the whining after the 2009 NFC Title Game.
Please, Bears, come join the Packers and the Vikings with a tie in the record.
Dolphins just haven’t been the same since Brett Favre’s cameo in There’s Something About Mary.  What a mess.
Why do teams do this?  Good momentum and then bring in a wildcat QB for a 1-yard gain?  Better off getting a false start because at least you keep the down.
This is the first football season when I see the “Heisman House” ads and watch closely.  Just in case, a No. 32 from USC is in the background.
Fade route on 3rd and goal.   Gorgeous, Washington.
Washington racks up a facemask, a targeting AND a guy who took his helmet off on the field on one play.
After a failed 4th and 1,  Washington’s coach looked like he ate a bad chicken sandwich.
Why would any runner slide into first base to get out of a double play?  Unless you’re 17 feet tall.
Bob Uecker’s voice sounds superb for a guy who is 84.
“Moondance” by Van Morrison is a top ten all-time karaoke song.  Especially if bring your own flute.
I’m a bit behind on the leaves in my yard.  However, I seem to be well ahead of pace on my “winter body” tor the season.  Gonna have to put down those breakfast burritos I cook at 2 am and get back on the oatmeal and apples.
@BethMalicki @TiredTVTerms However, I do like cheeseburgers ravaged in sautéed onions. That stays.
@TiredTVTerms It's anyone's guess.  Only time will tell.
It is October 12.  For @Royals fans, Happy Move The Line Day from Houston.  10/12/15... one of the best afternoons ever.
TV News Cliche Watch:  I once told a reporter, long ago, after she had me look over a package script that had *13* instances of the word "community" that "you get ONE community per package.  One.  Use it wisely".  Can we do the same this week with "ravaged"?  @TiredTVTerms
The sharpest truth of Eagles-Giants. https://t.co/fiwvlZXF1b
Simple pleasure as an #AMNewser.  Waking up early (12:45 am) in a quiet house.  Making the breakfast you want - not what you can make quickly.  Watching Tech-TCU and Eagles-Giants on the DVR.
Heartbroken over Hurricane Michael's destruction along in Panama City Beach.  The PCB area is my preferred place to be "content".  A journalistic salute to the @WJHG_TV crew for fighting through so much to keep people informed.
@TiredTVTerms I think I'm the true oddball.  I prefer "200,000".  If it's money, I prefer "$200,000" or "$27 million".  Likely from my years as a sports anchor.
@carlyprinty24 @TrumanStateWBB Congratulations, Carly!
RT @smithwjhg: Just moments ago outside the station....  as a whole things are improving rapidly here at the station though. https://t.co/t…
Hoping the people at @WJHG_TV are okay.  They’re in the eye of Michael.  Wind at 150 mph.  I understand power is out.  They stayed to get the story out.  That’s what the best of us do during crisis.  Much love.
If anyone wants to watch Hurricane Michael coverage *as it hits* a city, I can't say enough about @WJHG_TV 's coverage so far this morning.  Their livestream will show news gathering "as it happens".  https://t.co/0q3LWRmArb
How is Pat Benatar not in the Rock n Roll Hall of Fame.  For a while, she has more hits than Sadahara Oh.   Only thing that could hold her back is how often “Hit Me With Your Best Shot” shows up at bowling alley karaoke.
@mattlindner How many toenails did you lose?  I lost 3 in Honolulu in 2001.
The level of urgency from the Florida Panhandle about Hurricane Michael. https://t.co/RJex7rh3Zq
I've made no secret for my affection for the Panhandle, especially Panama City Beach.  To my Gray TV friends at @WJHG_TV and @DonnaBellWJHG, hang in there.  Watching your live stream, @ParisJanos.  I cannot stress enough how serious Hurricane Michael is for the people there.
@mr_jasonjones The trouble is, if Nate Dogg and Warren G had cellphones that could text in 1994, they could have avoided the troubling evening they had in the 2-1-3.  No bodies would have gone cold.
TV News Cliche Watch:  Leading up to the hurricane, the cliches are definitely out in "full force" with people "on alert" and nearly everybody "battening down the hatches".  My first few places didn't even have hatches -- those didn't come until the second house I bought.
In this era of sequels, Tom Hanks and Adrian Zmed must reunite for Bachelor Party II.  This time, Zmed settles down at age 63... with Hanks’ grown daughter.  Add in that horse and hilarity shall ensue.
@Kaj_OMara That is a sensational TV News Name.  Better than my next TV News name: Chaffee Montalbahn.
@MCSerch An outstanding drive into work at 3 am.  Thanks, Serch. https://t.co/k5w29tpVzT
“S’all good, man.”
Getting Chiefs PTSD watching Washington’s offense right now.
Welp.  @Kaj_OMara will take us through this.  Expect lots and lots of rain.  @KCRG until 7 am.  Come on over. https://t.co/raxtA5rXJ5
Might be time for the Rockies to throw Drew Butera to get out of the 9th.  Don’t laugh.  He can deal.
Erik Kratz really is Gus from For Love of the Game.
Wade Davis.  Also #ForeverRoyal
The beautiful part about Erik Kratz and his 3-3 day for the Brewers is that, until this week, I don’t think I’ve ever seen him hit.  In the 2014 playoffs, he gave elite high-fives to Moose, Hos, Cain, Salvi.
By rule, I have to claim Soria as a former Royal.  Hold on tight, Brewers.
Erik Kratz. Also #ForeverRoyal.  Two 2014 Royals score for Milwaukee in the 6th.
Hearing Costas doing baseball on TV makes me think it’s NBC Game of the Week in 1982.  “Tying run now on for Jim Rice.  Sparky Anderson now coming out to talk to Dan Petri.”
“What if I told you there was a football team that finished 6-7-3 and played the equivalent of 19 games in one season?”
“the ball was ruled uncatchable” is ref code for “we are not bailing out your fade route on 4th and 5 in overtime”.
My weekly NFL OT Tweet.   It’s a terrible system.  Teams will bleed out  the clock to play keepaway.  Goes against the purpose of player fatigue.  Do “first score wins” - one team gets the ball at their own 15.   Coin flip decides it.
This ref in Steelers-Browns has the same exact voice of every youth pastor I had in high school.
@mattlindner Congrats!  Someone from Purdue winning a weekend in October.  Bravo!
The 2018 Packers are definitely trending away from Al Michaels games to Sam Rosen games.
Whatever the Chiefs do... do NOT hit Bortles hard.  Keep him in the game.
Really need the Broncos to get back in this.  Don’t want Elway to start making any changes to coaching.
Mason Crosby is having a worst afternoon in Detroit than RoboCop.
Covered DII and DIII college football for years.  RIP to a true legend - John Gagliardi.  489 wins at St. John’s (MN).  He was 91.
After watching the atrocious officiating of Galaxy-Sporting KC last night, I want Peter Vermes on the Chiefs’ sideline at Arrowhead.  Working the line judges.  Watching for offside.   In a tailored suit.
@cedprice Turns out OSU can’t cover anything.
The officiating in Galaxy-Sporting KC is payback, finally, for Don Denkinger.
I know we all love Zlatan and need the Galaxy to be successful, @MLS, but why even have video review if you won’t use it?  Soccer referees, of course, are NEVER wrong.
Hokensen has become the Jerry Rice of the Hawkeyes.
Bravo, Cyclones.  STRONG performance to break the slide and get a split down south in conference.
I expect SC to take a sack and get knocked out of Fg range.
Because a 56-yd FG is exactly what I would expect in a 5-hour epic between Mizzou-SCarolina.
Iowa State winning at Oklahoma State would be superb.  It also means Michigan State could cut a check within 12 hours to have a new, highly-sought-after young coach in place by Tuesday.
Gophers are getting their boats rowed.  Minnesota just doesn’t seem to be better in any facet right now.
Nate Stanley is throwing darts so far.
@GabeDeArmond Eventually it will end.  Eventually your workday will end.  Hang in, Colonel.
Am I the only one who thinks we’re a little too quick to call intentional grounding in 2018?
Of course there’s a weather delay now for Mizzou-South Carolina.  Only thing missing would be for the power to go out or for the parachutist from the Riddick Bowe fight to land at the 50.
Not sure any winners are emerging from Mizzou-South Carolina today.  The rules say someone will.
Mizzou: no more fade routes.   South Carolina: no more punts.
So Sparty went for it on 4th and 1 from their own 10 - down 22-19 but with two TOs.  They didn’t get it.
@tmckernan @StevenRay30 Was counting on the heat of South Carolina to wear down Mizzou.  Not this debacle of rain and broken headsets.
Is the bartender at a Buffalo Wild Wings pressing the button that makes Missouri drop passes, snaps and miss short kicks?
As Mizzou is throwing the ball constantly.  In a monsoon.  Because that makes sense.
I thought the South Carolina heat would doom Mizzou.  Nope.  A monsoon and busted headsets are smacking them.
I do not like the Longhorns in general but I love Texas as an underdog.
Just saw a South Carolina receiver try to throw a punch.  With his hand - that he’s using to catch passes - at a guy wearing a helmet.  That would be like me using my hair to attack a wolverine.
As I’m watching South Carolina today, this is taking the edge of Kentucky’s win a little.
Stan Ross!  Stan Ross!  Stan Ross!
Mooooooose!  #ForeverRoyal
@BruceCiskie We did get his best miles in KC but, I promise you, you’ll get the parade with him.
Just on Blairs Ferry by 380.   Man on a bicycle going the opposite way (west into eastbound traffic).  It was like Paperboy out there.  Should have pointed him to the many unused bike lanes throughout the city. https://t.co/2686NcF45j
My Brewers friends are freaking out over the ups and downs.   Friends, you have Cain and Moustakas.  The only stress you need to worry about is where the parade will start.
I'll be 44 next month.  That means another year closer to saying "doozy" or "dandy" in common conversation.
Attaboy, Moose.  Like Roy Munson said, the heart of a champion never goes away.  #ForeverRoyal
My personal Facebook feed is amusing with about 40 people I knew from college posting pictures with their kids at the Brewers game.
@DavidNelsonNews Of course it's legal in Illinois -- with a permit.  As long as it's an I-PASS.
Good morning.  Wind chills -- yes, @Kaj_OMara is talking about wind chills.  Get set for the day over on @KCRG from now until 7 a.m.  Make today a delightful day.  - Chris
@JackLamsonCBS6 I know the elite journalism students coming out of college prefer to work on documentaries that no one ever watches but we can all do better.
TV News Cliche Watch:  A story out of Florida where the reporter worked in "speaking out" and "on alert" in the very first sentence.  If there was a "gearing up" or a "helping the community", that would be a TV News Cliche Triple Double.
Some hear “Tesla” and think electric cars.  I hear “Tesla” and think Love Song and world-class 1989 mullets.
Eckersley and his mustache are fired up like someone told him he gets to play the Bandit in Smokey and the Bandit 4.
Excited to see Brad Pitt in "Moneyball 2", set for 2021 release.  It'll open with him driving a convertible around Yankee Stadium after the 2018 Wild Card Loss, chuckling at how the A's got a book/movie deal but the 2014-15 Royals never did.
@NickSloanKCK @jonathandrich @bsides11 For a team that made ONLY bad decisions after 11/1/15 until the end of 2017, ever since losing out on Hosmer, they've rallied and made smart choices for the future.  They got Cain's "best miles" for an efficient price.  Same with Moose.
@jonathandrich @NickSloanKCK @bsides11 Alex Gordon laughs.
@Criket2015 @WCCORosen Again, the beauty of social media.  Everyone has a voice.  Many use it to lift up others.
@ToddBrommelkamp Royals will be back in contention before all of Cedar Rapids traffic will be two-way and every intersection is a 4-way stop.
Twins firing Molitor makes no sense to me.  At least from the baseball standpoint.
@NicoleAgee @Kaj_OMara There will be ZERO morning snuggles at KCRG-TV 9.  Get them now.
Look who is up at this early hour! https://t.co/rmauarxJRF
My Day in TV News Cliche:  Gearing up to go to my residence and watch the bombshell ending for KC-Denver again.  Real game-changer.  Being 4-0 has me speaking out and making a difference in the community.
@amnewsboy @MattWDAF @wbbj7joshr @BlaineStewart @TravisMayfield Bowties are VERY hard to pull off.  If a guy is even a touch heavy, the eye darts down.  Matt, of course, could pull it off but he's one of the few... the very few.  He played Big Ten football, after all!
An observation:  if a city in Iowa - any city - has a city council that passes parking meters that issue automatic citations when a meter is expired (and there isn't anyone physically writing the ticket), those council members are asking to get voted out.
@DawnAtFOX9 @WCCORosen Well put, Dawn.  Hope you're doing great!
Add me to the list of saying "Well done, Mark Rosen."  WCCO's legendary sports anchor (@WCCORosen) will stay through the Final Four, closing out a Hall of Fame career.   #Rosen https://t.co/G2HAXSUyAF
@MKdubss For us old guys, this was even bigger than Montana winning at Denver on MNF in 1994 — the high point of the Marty Era.
Just  watched KC-Denver (AMNewser style at 12:45 am).  Wow, Mahomes.  Violent game.  Denver still has great D.  Broncos try to win it “Varsity Blues-style”.  Throw it to the end zone next time, Denver.
I would tell the Brewers “you’re welcome” for Lorenzo Cain but, then again, Royals fan should thank Milwaukee every day for the trade that brought Cain to KC years ago.
Just saw a shot of Tommy Lasorda at the Dodgers game.  Yup, they’re definitely pitching to Jack Clark in the 9th today.
Soria with the gas.  That... I wasn’t expecting.
Here comes Joakim Soria for the Brewers.  1-1.   6th.  What time again is the Milwaukee game Tuesday?
Yes.  One of my greatest days.  @samearl0 https://t.co/fnhiWoPNnD
@MitchMossRadio @paulyhoward How would you approach the teams that played five quarters on Sunday that have to turn around this week?   Titans, Eagles, Colts (Thursday, too), Raiders?
I'll be watching Brewers-Cubs at noon... just to root for the former @Royals from 2015.  Moose, Cain, Zobrist, Gore... show that post-season magic.
@bkravitz This was the football equivalent on doubling down on a 6 at the blackjack table.  Sure, it’s gutsy and you still have a chance of winning.  It’s just not likely.
@LonghornCharles @NFL Not only that but it’s the endless commercial breaks that cause an OT game like that to extend past the broadcast window.  Having it both ways.
This game is like the Epic in Miami.  Except no one saw the ending.
@jeff_rosen88 Cantele would have hit it.
If this game in Oakland was on NBC in 1982, Charlie Jones would definitely be letting us know that Real People will be seen in its entirety immediately after the game — except on the west coast.
As a Chiefs fan, don’t ever change, Raiders.   Don’t ever change.
To the Colts:  I’m off Sundays and a six-hour drive from Indy.  If you want me in the press box on time out/game situation management, just type in “BESMART” at checkout and save 20 percent.  I’ll be available for your next game.
I think Reich is playing the long game here to keep O’Brien coaching the Texans for the next few years.   A Houston loss would have ended that.
Frank Reich just gave back 25 years of goodwill from 35-3.
Neither the Texans nor the Colts deserve to win.   They’re run by less than optimal game strategists.
Why didn’t the Texans call a time out?!?
@mattpauli Not who is more accomplished.  But who is more famous?
Three straight injuries in Texans-Colts.  NFL... my OT plan is better.  You’ll have fewer injuries and fewer ties.
How have the Falcons not retired Deion Sanders No. 21?  Sure it was only five years and they didn’t win anything substantial but probably the most famous person in franchise history.
@ChrisAStanford @oklahomabeer @OKBeerAlliance Just keep buying Point.
@KNegandhiESPN You wearing Amos Otis’ Royals jersey from 1981 in that promo?  Bold v-neck.
Serious news out of Tennessee State-Vanderbilt.  Player for TSU has a serious head injury and is in ER surgery at Vanderbilt Hospital. https://t.co/XUttlFKUWb
Now Vanderbilt is in some serious trouble.
Kansas State... you’ll want that time out back.
@LooksLikeCesar @stlredbird70 The 1980s Chiefs had Bill Kenney slingin it.  They were actually good on that.
When Texas comes to town as a favorite and actually plays above expectations, it may be time to assess the long-term future of your program.
A FlexGlue ad during Purdue-Nebraska.  Surprised Phil wasn’t on there showing how FlexGlue could put the shattered pieces back together of either team’s season.
Random.  Spencer Tillman has the most soothing voice in college football.
@stlredbird70 Here’s where I’ll answer back.  Coaches woo players while always looking for better players.   Under the new rules, leaving after 4 games preserves one more year for Bryant.  Otherwise, this is how it ends.  Always maximize opportunity.
Now everyone in Lubbock can get to their cars.
Texas Tech isn’t done yet.  Down 35-10.  Now down 8.
A&amp;M throwing on 3rd/7 up 7.  Giving Arkansas another time out.  The same strategy the former Wisconsin and Arkansas coach often did with late leads.  In a way... It’s karma.
Texas A&amp;M is still throwing.  Up 7 against a team with six first downs.  And still throwing.
That personal foul from Arkansas.  On 3rd and 14.  Ugh.
Let’s take the Blackledge comments on Kelly Bryant and make it a broadcasting parallel.  Say an analyst gets demoted from the early ABC game to Western Illinois-Purdue on ESPN17.  Should that analyst stay “for the team” or try to land at FOX, CBS, etc?
Worth noting,@FearTheWaveBlog. Great win last night!  The one team I didn’t love the Tulane unis.  But what do I know.....
Solid work, Holly Rowe.  Actual questions for a sideline interview.
Texas A&amp;M has cleaner pockets than a person with no hands.
That’s so stodgy to criticize Kelly Bryant for transferring out of Clemson.  If coaches are going to keep stocking talent at QB, a demoted QB should maximize his years of eligibility.
There you go, Hogs.  The only way Arkansas can beat aTm today is to wear alternate uniforms that look like UCLA.
Curious question.  Why does my Iowa license plate tell the world I live in Linn County?  When I’m in Des Moines or the Quads, I don’t like it.  However if I get a Hawkeye or Cyclone plate, I don’t have to reveal my county of residence.
If Cuse wins this, Babers might be coaching Michigan State before the first frost.
If you watch Arkansas this year and squint, you see the Ken Hatfield flexbone but without Quinn Grovey or Greg Thomas running it.
Welcome to week 5.  For the early kicks, I look for Arkansas, Okie State and the Red Raiders to surpass expectations. https://t.co/HPNRtmF1KW
The first time for the season when your age is higher than the overnight temperature, those joints pop like Rice Krispies.
@richardmarx “Love is just a faded memory” is still a few weeks down the road for them.
Beautiful work tonight, Tulane Green Wave!  @GreenWaveFB
Why do so many mall and shopping center developers go this to their parking lots?   So many needless stops and turns. https://t.co/f8lmTFzpLM
We all have a legacy. https://t.co/xG1j2rzU68
When at the end of the long week, trying to enunciate the words "Senate Judiciary Committee" for the 87th time on live television this week is a real challenge.  Like the last verbal rep on a brutal set of power cleans.
My Friday plans in TV News Cliche:  "Still ahead, I'll be gearing up to volunteer at a football to impact the community.  My food consumption at an Indian lunch buffet could have people speaking out.  I'll also voice my opinion about the college football schedule.  Join us."
@ToddBrommelkamp @SPORTSbyBROOKS The Royals AND Cubs both won the World Series, the former owner of the New Jersey Generals is now president and the Mets are still paying Barry Bonilla.
Good night.   See you in nine hours on @KCRG. https://t.co/W0QJ6wOB3M
@NathanMunley You take the ball at your own 15.   Drive 55 yards and you have a 47-yd FG attempt.  Here’s the risk: go 3 and out or turn it over and the other team gets good field position.  Hence the option of having other team take possession.
@acgoodyear That’s where we differ.  I can’t stand college football OT.  Too high school-ish.  What I could go for — move the ball back to the 45.  That way the deep ball is still in play.  Too many deeper favorites just steamroll over underdogs in college OT.
How to fix NFL Overtime.  Real simple.  Coin flip.  Winner of coin flips gets a choice.  Either take the ball on their own 15.  Or have other team take the ball on their 15.   First score wins.  No quirky rules.  No bizarre game strategy like we see now in OT.
The Sirius/XM trade of #YachtRock for RodStewartRadio is about on par with dealing David Cone for Ed Hearn.  Or, at the very least, Keith Hernandez for Neil Allen.
Parents.  Have your kids put on long sleeves today.   Not for the morning but for after school.  Just trust us.  @KCRG_FirstAlert
If Monday Night Football wants to have three people in the booth and one of them is a tight end, that list should start and end with... Tony Gonzalez.
This #AMNewser is more than set for Monday.   See you at 4:30. https://t.co/fNQPyKVy3d
The miracle Bears cover was not to be.
Cardinals could so use Neil Lomax right now.  And Roy Green.
If you’re NFL team hasn’t covered in the first two weeks, you’re covering today.   Bears fans, hold on tight in Arizona today.
Well... someone tell McCarthy that the Vikings are losing 27-0 and maybe he will pull Rodgers and save him from any further hits.   Not about winning.  It’s about staying even with the Vikings.
Of course, on Thursday I changed my ESPN Eliminator from the Panthers to... the Minnesota Vikings.
Uh... Vikings?
We are 12 hours since WISC-Iowa.  If anyone here went after the young man who got blocked into a punt return (and I’ve seen quite a bit), consider deleting it.    Fans obsess over recruiting and then denigrate those same players personally when a mistake happens.
That was an entertaining play and also a good way to risk getting your QB hurt.
Instead of taking a knee (the smart play), Wisconsin hits the over.  I am speechless.  Without speech.
Whoa.  Stanford?  Oregon?
@Mizbol1 As if there’s a sense that 2017 was unforgettable and why push as hard this time.   Similar to 1994 after the rose bowl.
For the automated narrative that Wisconsin has a top offensive line we hear every year, it’s actually Iowa in this game.  Stanley may not even need to shower after this game.
Wisconsin’s punt coverage might be their best offense in the second half.
Stanford is done.   They weren’t smart on a 4th and 1.  Oregon completes theirs.
Iowa’s offensive push is at its apex. Stanley has more time to throw than drivers need to get thru First Avenue in Coralville.
Arkansas still can’t cover anything this year.
Brilliant play.  Blocking someone else into the ball.  Surprised we don’t see that more often.
In 2018, Florida and Tennessee put up more points in their game than Texas Tech and Oklahoma State.  Bizarro world.
Wisconsin has let Hockenson become a hybrid of Tony Gonzalez and Jerry Rice.  Nice toss by Menomonie’s own Nate Stanley — always loved covering them when I was a sports anchor in Eau Claire.
The NFL is now very touchy about hitting QBs.  In the SEC, defensive ends can pretty much still go after them with a tire iron two steps after the ball leaves the QB.
Some will watch highlight shows at halftime.  I found Neil Diamond belting out “America” on IPTV.  Even better. https://t.co/TwK94SxZ7z
Stanford’s probability of winning is about the same as getting into Stanford.
@EricLPauly Yeah.  Maybe I can pay $14.99 to watch the WWE Royal Rumble.
If you’re a ranked team and have 17 points on Texas Tech with 11 minutes left in the 4th, you shouldn’t be allowed back in the polls until 2021.
The one time I actually want to watch Oklahoma and it’s nowhere to be found on my setup.
That “every game matters” spot in the Big XII is really defensive.   Perhaps the most defensive that conference ever gets.
Why would anyone fair catch a punt inside the 5?
@HornIT Unfortunately, my first thought was the awful news stories we’ve been dealing with of late in these parts.
If the runner was down, I’m a 10.  Or at least a 6.
@mattkemm There are plenty of old sayings that, perhaps, don’t always fit now.  That’s all.
“In Iowa, behind every tree is a pretty girl.”  That is very cringe-worthy these days.
Whoa.  Oklahoma is in trouble. 21-21 with Army.
RT @CRKFootball: Kennedy host the U of Wisconsin Badgers for their walk through today. https://t.co/hJTuL1mH9E
Oh, Fox, Fox... you’re doing it.  The commercial - kickoff - commercial sequence.   That’s the worst.  Just do a live read for the next episode of 90210 or Herman’s Head.
Jay Ferguson takes Wisconsin to Thunder Island.
If the first quarter is any indication, they could have kicked off at 1:15 a.m. at Kinnick and still been done by last call.
Gus just called Barry Alvarez “The Godfather”.  Almost.  He’s The Emporer.
This is the football version of watching Syracuse basketball play defense.
RT @johncanzanobft: I’m not sure how this is possible… but Oregon State just constructed a 17-play drive that ended with a punt.
Colorado State and McElwain.  They have to get back together.  For old time sake.
Alabama hasn’t had this truly quick strike since Forrest Gump was returning punts for them.
Florida State is now Caddyshack II.  Same name but so, so different.
@Pembrokes_Men No time to be judgmental when looking for brick pavers.  Besides, they’ll wrinkle my ascot.
When your opponent is down 10 late and punting on 4th and 5, don’t get cute.  Run the ball.  Run out the clock.  The USC or Florida St job will still be there by December.
Akron punts?!?
What was Iowa State doing there?   A new QB for two running plays that were over stacked??
Mizzou won’t win.  But I think they’ll do well enough.  That breeze is blowing right through the back door, Stafford-style.
Frank Solich could be wrapping up his 21st year as Nebraska head coach this season.
Not surprised the Scarlet Knights are having such a rough go in Ann Arbor.  What?   Being told that’s not Rutgers.
I would watch a touch football game on the beach betwen the Point Break team vs Bradley Cooper’s family from Wedding Crashers.
@slrzeta I see you working. https://t.co/Nji3WaJ6oR
As you’re likely aware, I watch WAY too much college football.  But, as a soccer parent, these EPL games are a superb appetizer to the day. https://t.co/UEKiyI5fyO
Congrats @RJinVegas @FezzikSports @BradPowers7 on the SOV moving to weekdays.  Always enjoyed it early on Sat and Sun.
Bring on Saturday. https://t.co/00kWINbrWF
I like Pac 12 on Friday nights.  I don’t like Big Ten on Friday nights.  To counteract this, always root for the underdog.  If teams like Penn State lose to teams like Illinois, maybe the conference will ditch Fridays.
Not a bad way to do my Friday night.   Go Coogs. https://t.co/rFOcjFPj8n
@richardmarx Looks like you all had a lot of time until the day you had to say goodbye.
@jbgcook Costanza is my guiding light.
@ChrisAStanford I'll bite.  He was really good.  Limited offense but he has a live arm.  Fearless.  A leader.
TV News Cliche Watch: I often come across "disgruntled" in news copy.  I'd like to incorporate the word "gruntled" more often.  "After that chicken 'n waffles sandwich, the taste left me gruntled and satisfied." (In this case, passive voice is acceptable.)
Saying "Senate Judiciary Committee" before 5 a.m. requires a lot of tight vocal turns.
The wind is getting stronger than perfume through a prom.
Time to bump up that pace.  @KCRG_FirstAlert https://t.co/BLoB29gafQ
TV Political Ad Cliche Watch: "make ends meet", "paycheck-to-paycheck", "working families".  Haven't heard "play by the rules" or "pay their fair share" yet in this ad cycle.
@mattwellens From 1999-2005, that one olive and mushroom pizza from Domino's was usually mine all mine.
Pulled into a Culver’s and the flavor of the day is “Butter Pecan”.  Watching for every Skylark, New Yorker and Park Avenue in Linn County to converge.
Ozark, like Growing Pains and Family Ties, falls into the trap of light-hearted “positive messages” sitcoms that started to decline once a new baby joined the cast.
@ChrisDuerr Yeah Tigers!
TV News Writing.  Why is it never "collected, calm and cool", or "sweat, tears and blood" "beyond and above" or "destruction and death"?  Why must these news cliches always be in the same order?
A “Rams-style offense” was the worst thing to be described as just two years ago in football.
@GregJennings Superb tie today on The Herd.  Hope you and your family are outstanding.
Mizzou let in that Wyatt criminal from “Ozark”?  The J-School needs to investigate this.
@RobertPriceTV @TiredTVTerms They’re speaking out.  Perhaps up in arms over this bombshell.
TV News Cliche Watch: A bank robbery.  "Male subject", "fled".  Imagine describing a night out with this language.  "We met a group of male subjects and, after they spent an undisclosed amount of cash on our drinks, we fled on foot to some of their residences." @TiredTVTerms
If the 2018 Giants play the 2018 Cowboys on EVERY Sunday Night Football on NBC this year, I really will have no issue with the DISH blackout in my market.
After eight quarters of football, I've seen enough out of Pat Mahomes.  I'm taking Monday, February 4 off.  I'll get to Atlanta.  Offer remains open to the @Chiefs -- if you need someone for clock mgmt/TO mgmt in-game, DM me.  My freelance rate is negotiable.
From the sensational time set by the winner of the Berlin Marathon over the weekend, I suppose this runner never hit... the wall.
Matthew Stafford with another signature back-door cover.   His legacy.
Is Murphy Brown truly ready to comeback?  It isn’t 1992.  No more armies of producers.  She may have to shoot her own stuff.  Post to social 3 times a day.  Oh... and no more three-hour dinner breaks.
When you go cheap on a kicker, that’s like not paying the $70 for the warranty on the dishwasher.
Vikings kicker looks terrified warming up.  Like me before my first live shot in Topeka.  And I shanked that, too.  “Uh... Ron, Amy, back to you.”
@jchristensenTV9 That was a cold day against the Seahawks three years ago.
Free football!
Solid work by Rodgers.  Once again about to bail out a fourth-quarter collapse.
That’s how late-game strategy works.  Bears botched it last week and had to kick a field goal.  Packers did the same.
EVEN if that deep ball is complete AND the Vikings get 2, they leave Rodgers with 1:15.
What a terrible idea to throw the ball deep like that for the Vikings.  Got lucky on the penalty.  Throw slants.  Score with :20 left.
Playing Poison’s “Nothing But a Good Time”’ is to Lambeau Field what a victory cigar used to be to Red Auerbach.
With no time-outs, Green Bay needs points.  At least 3.
Packers, to my surprise, are getting more running yards than I expected.
Mahomes is the New Hosmer.  He’s the biggest thing to hit Kansas City since The Day After.
Just when I was about to write that Cousins is laying down at Lambeau like he does in mattress commercials, boom.  That happens.
I think the Chiefs finally got the QB right.  Finally.
For the love of my Eliminator pick, Saints... Just win the game.
Packers entering their bad place. Leading by 10-14 late third and they’ll take the ball out of Rodgers’ hands and play not to lose.
There’s a lot of love for the Chiefs at Pittsburgh today.  Of course, I want KC to win.   I also think they’re satisfied winning at LA last week.  Pittsburgh is angry and it’s Mahomes first “true” road game.
Here’s the trouble for Green Bay today.   Minnesota has THE most talented roster in the NFL.  If you take Rodgers out, GB has a bottom five roster.
@KevinOnCFB And Ohio State and Michigan won.  The worst combination.
“Santeria” as the bump music for Fresno State-UCLA.   Bold.
There is a very interested element in whether Ohio State just takes a knee and gets out of this with a 12-point win.  And not, say, a 13-point win.
My calorie consumption and combined yards allowed by Big Ten defenses today were both somewhere between 6,000-7,000.
The carnage continues from the Big Ten. https://t.co/D5OdB4hw1n
Mizzou fans want this field goal to be good.   People who took Purdue also want this field goal to be good.   Stronger together.
Simple if you’re Mizzou. Get the ball to the middle and go down.  Purdue will take a timeout.  Take a knee.  Kick FG.   Win 40-37 and my Purdue pick wins.
@AriA1exander They’re going to cover one of these weeks, right?!?
@AriA1exander Is the Mountain West looking to add Arizona?
@LieblLI I stand corrected!!  Actually I sit on the couch corrected.
Congrats to Blough for breaking the Purdue passing yardage record.  For a program that constantly trails in the fourth quarter and racks up yards against the prevent, that’s a high honor!
If Mizzou-Purdue played by CFL rules, it would be a defensive gem.
@DougVaughn_KMOV Reid-Nagy endgame strategy.  Run when trailing.  Pass when leading.
Not smart, Purdue.
Purdue has sent astronauts to the moon with 1969 technology but, on 4th and 1, they never threw the ball past the line of scrimmage.  #STEM
The Nick Saban Rampage Tour is highly entertaining.  He’s like an action hero exacting his revenge on every opponent in life.
The financial commercial where the son has enough money to build an addition on his home for his ailing father is heartwarming.  My heart will be warm if my son makes enough correct decisions to get me a suite at the @southpointlv for my final years.
Mizzou is in the midst of a Teen Wolf-style collapse.
Purdue’s QB is getting like an overexcited contestant on Press Your Luck.  He’s ignoring the whammies and going for 5000 + One Spin.
@richardmarx I’d be careful.  Kenny is nobody’s fool.
Nick Saban creates millionaires and jobs.  A night like this is a reminder of all the other fired SEC West coaches that boosters wrote seven-figure checks to get rid of and all the moving companies for all of their assistant coaches.
Iowa football knows what it is.  Not flashy.  Frequently not exciting.  But it’s very efficient in what it is.  Same for Kansas State.  Nebraska hasn’t known what it is for 15 years.  They change their look more than a teenager.
Louisville, too.  Oh, wait.  They’re not in the Big Ten.  They’re just another home team losing a team they shouldn’t.  Doesn’t mean they’re Big Ten today.
On a catastrophic day for the Big Ten, we are all thrilled that TCU is leading Ohio State.  We are all connected in our dislike of Ohio State.  We are one.
I can’t recall a day this bad for Big Ten football.  Perhaps when the forward pass was invented?
Who needs to read the classics when Arkansas collectively melting down from losing to Colorado State and North Texas in consecutive weeks on Twitter is far more stimulating to the brain?
@SlaterMoJoe You tell em, Kleiner!
If this Purdue QB keeps underthrowing his receivers, he won’t have an SEC program to transfer to next year.
Drew Lock has enough time in the pocket to wait and watch Mizzou’s next trip to the Final Four.
It could be like our version of the Alaska Permanent Fund.
If Iowa legalizes sports betting, we could all take the “under” on Hawkeye games and the state could use to juice to pay off any resulting debts from festivals or proposed water parks.
This is beyond brilliant. https://t.co/5NpbeiHcUL
@GregMcElroy What a day. What a sport.  (And my school lost.)
I love Orgeron live.  He needs a podcast.  I want to find the postgame news conference now.
I’m happy for two reasons from LSU winning.   Love seeing a kicker hit one at the gun AND “Orgeron in Victory” interview is coming.  That never disappoints.
Rich Eisen, ladies and gentlemen!  That’s the kind of writing that gets a weekend anchor out of Redding to ESPN decades ago. https://t.co/HA4Cb2D3Jr
Great story in not quitting during a bad day for LSU-Auburn.  The LSU QB hasn’t been good.  Ugly stats.  But he’s stuck with it, kept his head up and is about to give Le Tigre a shot at winning in Auburn.
As my Wyoming Cowboys look like they’re going to escape.  Whew.
Amid the loss for Wisconsin, I LOVE the support for @rafagaglianone from his teammates.  Rafael has been an incredibly clutch kicker all these years and a joy to watch.  You’ll be back to win a game for Wisconsin this year.  I know it.
@VodkaAndWiscy You would have hit that.  Hope you’re well!
@BruceCiskie They’ve been on autopilot since the first quarter against WKU.
@BruceCiskie When teams open with three home games, I’m convinced it doesn’t help their toughness at all.
Can the Big Ten Network just refund all of us our $1.12 this month from these conference member performances?
Wisconsin is approaching the “Joel trying to fix the scratch in the glass egg” level of trouble as his parents get home from O’Hare in 1983.
@LucasAtLarge Chuckled during that My Pillow read today in the 4th.  Mike, you really sold it!
Arkansas down 34-10 to North Texas - the school Unnecessary Roughness was filmed at in 1991.  Today’s showing isn’t karma.  It’s just... not pretty.
A hot and frustrated Jump Around as Bucky is on the ropes.
If I called Discover, I would be excited to talk to a guy who may be passive aggressive at times, walks in circles all days and questions the Packers’ late-game coaching.
Kansas is going full 2007 Nebraska on Rutgers today.  Three more scores and they’ll be at 76.
I am not sure the Matt Campbell era will last in Ames even past this year but, goodness, this is delicious.
If this catch gets overturned, I will wish Paul Rhoades was in the postgame news conference for his reaction.
Goodness, Nebraska.
By Tuesday, I expect the Kansas coach to be in play for the jobs at Florida State or even USC.
@SharpeGreg Listening to your call of Troy-Nebraska as we drive across the state to a soccer game.  You are so good at play-by-play.  Just the right pitch, pace and knowledge.  Best to you and the Sharpe Crew.
Exciting game in Ames but “bumper car tackling” by both teams. Used to call this “Packer tackling” in the early aughts.
Butler for Iowa State is like the big Super Mario today.  Turtles and mushrooms cannot hurt him.
Nebraska gets a muffed punt and goes run, run, fade route and field goal.  Eeesh.
Maryland always find a way to roll a 7.
Kansas-Rutgers may not be over in the first half.  But, for some, it already is.
As Kansas fans have the melancholy realization while leading 31-14.  “Wait.  This means there may not be any major changes for 2019.  Uh...”
Any Madden expert will appreciate Oklahoma’s clock management on that drive.  Chiefs, Bears... take a look.
Careful when modeling the New York Giants.  Rutgers has road unis that look like the Giants.  Kansas, of all teams, did this in 1987 after Super Bowl XXI.  They went 1-9-1.
If you watch the Nebraska game and squint from a distance, it looks like the 1988 Wisconsin Badgers running the veer.
I’ll give the Nebraska staff this.  They said not to expect a miracle this year.  They lowered expectations.  On that, they are dead-on correct.
@Mr_Rivas23 And I’m having a lack of overriding my autocorrect.
As much as we all chide the quality of the Big Ten West, at least the West doesn’t have a team losing 24-7 to Kansas.
That was sensation by the Clones.  What a sequence.
@jchristensenTV9 They can still go 1-7 in the Big 12 and be under 3.5. All good.
And the same for their 1997 glory days soulmate, Nebraska.  Wake up.
Anytime you feel like waking up, Vols.
@TylerIvens Aren’t they suffering enough?
Whoa.  Kansas?!?   Is this really becoming a thing?  10-0 five minutes in.
The Miami QB just made the Shhhhhhh to the Toledo fans after scoring a touchdown.  Uh... this is at Toledo (granted the frequent class of the MAC but still).
Not a bad way to start the day. https://t.co/XW1ta05lNj
What Iowa State did to Oklahoma last year was set up banana peels for the 7th grade bully to fall down the stairs in front of everyone else on Friday afternoon.  Today is Monday and it’s time to go for Cy to go back to school.
I walk fast in stores and parking lots.  When I encounter a young man with a handgun on his right hip holster AND wearing a black Hooters T-shirt, I’ll walk a little faster in the parking lot.
Yard guy next door just showed up.  A single in the 9th to break it up.
With @NicoleAgee out with her baby a few more weeks, all of my temporary co-anchors wonder why I walk in circles during the commercial breaks.  It’s because I consume 1 pound of boneless wings on most college football Saturdays.
@caonews Perhaps that’s true but viewers are often vocal (I.e. nasty) if a female anchor gets a new hairstyle, dress or, heaven forbid, if she doesn’t smile enough.  We all know the business we’ve chosen but you have to play the game.
The Saturday Morning Mowing League must be on bye week in my part of the city.  I feel, though, mentioning this may be just like talking about a no-hitter in the 7th inning.
@jnaak99 Nah.  Monday.  I’m almost always done at noon.
Ozark breaks out a Nolan Richardson reference.  I so wanted it to keep going with Todd Day, Lee Mayberry and Oliver Miller namedrops.  And then Steve Woodbury and Alonzo Jamison for Kansas shutting ‘em down in the Elite 8. #1991
Week 3.  Just look out.  I have my day plotted out.  Primary games: OU-Cy, Rutgers-Kansas early.  BYU-Wisconsin, Boise-Pokes afternoon.  Late: Bucks-TCU, Mizzou-Purdue, UNI-Iowa and then the Tucson Dumpster Fire at 10 pm. https://t.co/PvJAs72Ic6
While walking past a screen with KCRG 9.3, I realize that Pam Dawber always has the right words. https://t.co/ag5zNih5Br
Ravens are reverting back to the mean.
Leave it to the Bengals to get a momentum shift off an interception and then throw the fade on the first play.  These are the best minds in football.
TV Reporters covering Florence: Please do NOT stand in flood water.  It’s like standing in a sewer.  You don’t want water seeping into a boot and getting into your core.
The sweet spot of September in Iowa.  Driving in — windows down but the heated seat on.  Add in some Tesla “Love Song” and I am ready for #AMNewser life.  To my news friends in the Southeast, do great work this week and you will. People need you.  Answer the call.
@durf73 Yeah, I have some high-up contacts in the southern edge of that county.
There has to be a better way to make Blairs Ferry flow better at this hour by 380.  But, hey, in three years, we are getting a new highway to shave four minutes off the drive to Ames.  :)
In Ozark, the air is always blue.  Not sky blue.  Blue.  No sun.  How did I spend nearly all of my Missouri childhood getting sunburned in what is, apparently, Seattle?
Don’t poke the bear.  She’ll learn. https://t.co/wwMuoWLuve
@JerodNBC4 @OhioHealth Welcome back!
Perhaps this is too easy of a solution for tennis.  Two changing rooms on the court.  Have a line judge check in/check out a new top/outfit.  30 seconds to change.  No different than going to a Burlington dressing room.
TV News Cliche Watch: "...gunfire left one person dead."  Who talks like this?  In my obit, it won't read "too many chicken fried steaks left an Iowa news anchor dead."  @TiredTVTerms
@KopelmanWX Surprisingly, no.  I grew up in Missouri in the 80's... and still no.
Random: I hope that I'm never described as "known for his blonde mullet".
@franchesca_rae There’s never been a better time to be a PbP announcer because of all the channels.  It takes years to develop a PbP voice that is both confident yet sounds “matter of fact” and not like he or she is trying too hard.  That’s the sweet spot.
Just woke up to start watching the NFL games before work.  Has any team felt better over the past 24 hours than the Minnesota Vikings watching the actions of their rivals?
There’s still time for the Lions to come back and get Stafford his first signature win.
Dez Bryant just cursed at a cat after hearing that was a catch.
This MNF crew sounds like a Ball State-Purdue 11 am kickoff.  “The Boilers and Darrell Hazell trying to turn it around, down 13-3 heading into the break.”
Now a Cat 4. https://t.co/fCaNijZsUA
Want to get me to spend money in a movie theatre in 2018?  Smokey and the Bandit is a good start.
A GMA tease just said “everyone is talking about Brigette Nielsen!”  Uh.  I haven’t talked about her since she was nagging Drago to keep fighting after the crowd had moved to back Rocky.
How in the world did the Bears lose this game?!?  A miscarriage of game management.
Just now watching end of Bears-Packers.  Let me get this right.  20-17 Bears, they have 3rd/1, GB with NO time-outs.  Chicago THROWS the ball.  Incomplete.  And they lose.  A first down clinches the game.  Careful when you hire a Chiefs' assistant on clock management.
@TechWriter_mlf Boom.  Thank YOU!
@KGertsen Dispute with the local station group.  It happens to all of us from time to time.
While I can’t see Bears-Packers, I predict:  Bears will have disorganized false starts.  Green Bay will be up 17 in the first half before the play calling get scared.  Rodgers will roll his eyes at his coach.  Chicago will get two late scores against prevent D.
I have Dish so I won’t have Bears-Packers.  However, I do have “The Great Outdoors” on Amazon Prime.  I want that shotgun lamp for my basement.
I’m planning to anchor mornings until I am 88 so that I can hand-select my son to succeed me.  That sounds ridiculous.  Oh, wait, in college football, it’s perfectly acceptable.
@mellinger This debut from Mahomes is like going to Vegas with $5,000 in cash for a weekend after dating an accountant for six years.
@LieblLI Just like in 1997 when we were standing in the snow at Arrowhead, Leon...
Okay, look.  I’ve never seen this before out of a Chiefs quarterback.  Yikes.
But but, all I heard about was how much the Arizona Cardinals love their new coach.  And they’re playing like it.  Instead of fearing their coach.
Thanks, Chargers, for going for 2 this early.
This tie is on both of these teams.  It’s a downpour.  Any FG over 40 is really hard to kick with footing, holds, etc.
There will be an oral history about this Steelers-Browns game.
Speechless, Steelers.  I am without speech.  All Pittsburgh needed to do in the fourth quarter was run the ball.
Can’t help you today, Steelers.  Sure, you’ll beat the Chiefs at Arrowhead in four months but this is on you.
This is why the Steelers can’t have nice things.
The analyst on Steelers-Browns sounds exactly like Kenny Rogers.
Ravens.  Whew.
As the official fifth preseason game is now underway in Baltimore.
Now trying to find my ESPN log-in to make sure I didn’t have the Saints on my Eliminator for today.
City leaders in Toronto are watching Bills-Ravens and, suddenly, they’re open to giving the Argos a new stadium.
We are looking live. https://t.co/71EFlyGque
The rare All-AFC Sam Rosen Game on FOX in Miami.
Fixer Upper.  You’ve gots to go somewhere else with clogging up my DVR.   This is RedZone Sunday.  Now shoo.
Football: so we can make NFL kickers hit 33-yarders for one point after they kicked 20-yard extra points since they were 8 but this “ball fumbled out of the end zone is a touchback” is as much gospel as ten yards for a first down.
@FezzikSports Definitely had Colorado pegged.  Go enjoy that mansion and the yacht.
ESPN doing a nice job not showing a shot of Herm when something bad happens to Arizona State.  I want to see the 2008-in-Kansas City Lost Coach Face.
@fulknA @BigTenNetwork If it includes the buyout if Western wins, that may be accurate.
The last time Kansas won on the road by more than 14 and K-State lost at home by more than 14 has to have been around... statehood?
South Carolina gets itself so worked up in the off-season.  And often trounced before the leaves fall.
As long as this review is taking for Mississippi State-Kansas State, Snyder could retire, his hand-picked successor could get run off after 3 years and Snyder could return at age 82.
Vandy back to doing Vandy things.  Very Atlanta Falcons-inspired red zone play.  Take the points.
Only worked at @KSNTNews for eight months when I was starting out in 1997 but I LOVE Manhattan, Kansas. https://t.co/wIaw581RGS
Mississippi State breaks up a throw into double coverage and their secondary reacts like its 10th grade show choir.
VERY interesting watching the ESPN SC talking college football pointspreads before the game.  Sounds like me trying to go on TV to explain the plot arcs for The Bachelor.
Cy-Hawk kickoff is six hours away.  Having listened to police scanners on these days in recent years, the mean BAC of the average Iowan will likely spike around 3:20 pm today.
Welcome to week 2.  I only get to watch the first quarter of the early games.  Soccer tournaments... #TheStruggle https://t.co/YASduzSzO2
@ChrisDuerr @jirehlbrock @CoachNateISU @ISUMattCampbell @IowaStateFB I’ll be the party killer when I ask this.  Was the receiver okay?  I wince a bit when I see this as a highlight at any level lower than major college football.
The Kansas City Chiefs have broken my heart over the decades.  1995, 1997, 2003 and too many years since.  However, I absolutely love the vibe of Red Friday in KC before the opener.  Makes me optimistic before the inevitable 14-10 loss in January at Arrowhead.
To celebrate the start of the NFL season, the Saturday Morning Mowing League with its special Thursday Night Mowing Opener... at 7:45 pm.  On my street.
The breathless anticipation of the NFL season opener but... not in my house.  I could watch it on antenna but I can’t DVR that as an #AMNewser.  I could go all 1987 and read the Falcons-Eagles box score in tomorrow’s late newspaper.
RIP Burt Reynolds.  Successful and, I imagine, tortured.  Bandit, J.J., Stroker, Senator and “Jack”.  IF you come across “StartIng Over” with Burt and Candace Bergen, give it a watch.  A RomCom from 1979 but with acting chops.
@Hassel_Chris How does his happen?  It’s Week 3 for them.  Did they get burned ordering late for 30 percent off?
Here is what the Cedar River looks like in Cedar Rapids today. https://t.co/uWSv5hAlx8
The plane to Dubai with Vanilla Ice on board -- and even a soundbite from Mr. Ice.  Of course I'll say "we'll stop, collaborate and listen" before his sound bite and "there was a problem and, no, he didn't solve it" after the bite.
Came across a script that said "til Tuesday".  Normally, I would change it to "until Tuesday".  However, as a child of the 80's, I'll pay homage to @aimeemann and keep it as 'til Tuesday'.  #VoicesCarry
Highway 21 south of Belle Plaine.  Closed with the Iowa River at this flood stage.  @KCRG https://t.co/Wd9TuJrz0T
Just saw “Bombshell Book Backlash”.  Impressive.  Two cliche words in a three-word headline.  @TiredTVTerms
@AWongKCRG @KCRG @Kaj_OMara Running smack from home.  Like a true viewer.  Very few know the endless pressure of getting the WW question right while sitting in "the chair".  Kaj, give her a brutal question tomorrow.
A colleague just said, “yeah, I could get hit by a bus.”   I laughed.  We don’t have many busses in Cedar Rapids.  And, with all of the new four-way stops downtown, getting injured by a bus would take real effort.
@CaitlynJonesTV @TiredTVTerms I felt the need to "express my outrage" and, at the very least, "speak out".
Last night's storm through Cedar Rapids... an EF1. https://t.co/6ztxRYmOd2
@tkramer04 Writing that was twice as hard as it was the first time.
@MitchMossRadio @paulyhoward Neither Nebraska nor Iowa State played full openers.  How would you approach Week 2 for each against much better opposition?
Some people hear "Gordon" and they think "Sesame Street".  Other people hear "Gordon" and they think "Wall Street".
7.08” of rain in September.  After three days.  Nothing last forever.  Even cold September rain.
Good morning.  Lots to work through this morning.  Storm damage in Cedar Rapids from last night.  @Kaj_OMara and I will look at river levels as the rain will linger much of this week.  Come on over to @KCRG from now until 7 a.m.  Thanks!
@BradPowers7 @RJinVegas @FezzikSports For next Dream Preview, perhaps a look at new coaches of power CFB programs and lagging under expectations on first game or two?  Curious as to your thoughts.  Thanks!
Urbana. You’ve got til 5:10 until this storm - with a tornado warning - hits.   Get to your safe place. @KCRG_FirstAlert
If you’re in Center Point, please take to that safe place.  Now.  @KCRG_FirstAlert
Just passed a line at the car wash.   I’ll make you a better deal.   Pay me $5 and I’ll show you the radar and the 9-day forecast.  You’ll save a little money and won’t have to complain that the wash didn’t last long.
Wait.  Just remembered that Ozark dropped on Friday.  My day off now has an itinerary.
When an #AMNewser has already won the day.  At 2:44 a.m.  My body naturally wakes up at this hour.  It’s automatic after years.  Then I smile.  I’m off today.  Winning. Back to bed.  See you tomorrow.
Akron-Nebraska moved to 10:30 am Sunday.  If you’re a pastor in Nebraska, may want to postpone the “big ask” sermon regarding the new wing of the sanctuary until next Sunday.
That car insurance commercial. The woman says “maybe you should take that pen...” and I always wait to see where she’s taking the rest of the sentence.  She never goes “there”.
If I’m Mark Mangino, I get on a treadmill tonight and show up and into KCI on Monday morning.
Apparently it is Turn Back the Clock Night to 1987 for college football in the state of Kansas.
Bob Nielson (Marion, Wartburg) is at it again.  South Dakota leading K-State 23-12.   He won two national titles for UMD and even made UW-Eau Claire relevant.  He is a beautiful football mind.
Bowling Green and their Tennessee Titans’ font with a 10-spot on the Swooshes.
Always slow down when saying “throw”, with “flag” coming soon after.  Always.
Even the heavens aren’t quite ready to watch Nebraska go 6-6 this year.
I’m a team guy.  Northern Iowa at Montana on @KCRG 9.2.  8 pm.  I may pull myself away from BGSU-Oregon or even Forgetting Sarah Marshall for the kickoff.
Nicholls State already up 7-0 on Kansas.  The new AD just may have his checkbook in his pocket...
App State showed guts when a five-yard gain would do.  Great effort.  Collect your check and beat a big school next year.
If App State scores, you HAVE to go for two and win it.  Your D has nothing left.  You’re playing with house money.  One play.  One win.  One legacy.   Do it.
@mattyoumans247 Washington was too cute in the second half in the red zone.
Maybe Appy State will kick another field goal.  They didn’t need one last time, either.
For college OT.  Place the ball at the 50.  Same rules from there out.
My annual college football OT rant.  A terrible way to decide a game.  Deeper (larger) school always has distinct advantage.  Teams with deep receiving threats are irrelevant.
Ridiculous, Appalachian State.  A 56 yard field goal try?   Just pick up four yards and keep moving.
Go for it, Appy.  Penn State has no time outs.
The Kansas City Chiefs approve of Washington’s pace.  Down 5 with the clock melting away.
Don’t need a TD here, Washington.  Quite a few of us would be perfectly happy with a FG to get within 2.  And stay there.
Amazing throw by McSorley off his back foot.  38-38.  0:42 left.
Appy! https://t.co/49ME44BvIn
Appy State, if there’s anything I have seen this year, no one can make field goals anymore.  Go for the TD.
Get yourselves over to Appy and Penn State.
This is the best the MAC has got?  Northern Illinois is aware you can still throw the ball more than five yards downfield, no?
@tonydvis All of them.  They have a finite number of years to cash in.
A little urgency here, Texas.
I’ve yet to see a non-Power 5 school make a FG of over 40 yards this year.  Fortune favors the bold.
Man, this is a tough game to watch.
Arkansas sure loves that Ryan Mallett prototype for QB, complete with cement in shoes.
This is my 11th football season in Iowa.  I can promise you Dr. Pepper isn’t the official drink in or around Kinnick.
“Kirk Ferentz is on the prowl.”  Never thought I would hear that sentence today.
Always a MAC team that jumps up on the first weekend.  Thought it would be Kent State and it wasn’t...
If you want to be a play-by-play sports announcer, there has never been a better time.  Every game today is on TV.
“The Volunteers are ready to take the field!” That would be the first thing they’ve taken in two years.
Alright.  Ready for that five-hour SEC afternoon game.
When you get two 2-10 teams from the year before, throw the records out.  Kent State-Illinois is officially wildly entertaining.
Illinois is awake.  Texas Tech defense is asleep.
I’ll acknowledge Texas is off the mat and back in this.  Should be a great second half.
Saw a Big 12 commercial.  “The Most Challenging Path to the College Football Playoff!”   That’s code for “our teams often don’t get in”.
Saw a shot of the coaches for Auburn and Washington before the game.  UW’s Petersen looks like he’s going to prom with Gisele.  Gus from Auburn looks like he’s trying to hide a dinged front bumper on his dad’s car.
Brian Bosworth as the sheriff of Fansville is hilarious.  I smell kielbasa.
Second half.  Best games to watch: Texas-Maryland.  Kent State-Illinois.  Ole Miss-Texas Tech may not end until the leaves fall.
Diggin’ the new Rutgers uniforms.  Simple and clean.  Of course, I finally followed @NicoleAgee’s guidance and quit tucking in my T-shirts when I run at age 43.
Being said at the Longhorn Network.  “Y’all can leave for the day.   No need to log this game. We’ll just keep fixin’ to fill all those weekday hours of programming with the 2006 Rose Bowl and the 1969 win at Arkansas.”
Perhaps the Longhorns just can’t have nice things anymore.
There is always one MAC team that jumps up and bites a Big Ten team in September.  Kent State has Illinois on the ropes.
So much for that Florida Atlantic hype.
Illinois band leader.  That’s where you have to stand?!? https://t.co/trwbtKJbnJ
Okay.  We are three days into the season.  All you cute offensive coordinators doing the “RB throws back to the QB” play.  It doesn’t work.  You’re better off with a false start.  Don’t be cute.  Win.  Then you’ll get that HC job.
Me thinks Illinois is in trouble.
@Hawkeyes1982 Yeah.  Saw him last year in the 4th Q quite a bit.  He’s getting millions to play baseball.  Football is a hobby but his dad was Kevin Murray, standout aTm QB in the 80s.
How could anyone from Texas Tech get a targeting penalty?  They don’t play defense.   That would be like a grocery store accusing me of stealing produce.
There you be, Kent State.  You’ve got this.
Hate hearing the Oklahoma fight song.  Any kid growing up in Missouri in 1986 heard that song more often that year than they heard Rock Me Amadeus.
There might be something to Kent State-Illinois.  Yes, it’s the dog game on BTN but Kent has a former Auburn QB who I think could keep it close.
What a catch by the Tech receiver.  One-handed.  Good enough to justify a vacation on a boat days before a playoff game once when he’s in the NFL.
And that may explain why Ole Miss went from a 2 point dog to a 3 point favorite in the half hour before kickoff. Yikes.
Tip and a pick ends it for Utah State’s.  I don’t know ANY Aggies by thanks for making this Friday night actually exciting for one of the games.  You’ve got a solid Mtn West team.  Go win 10.
Utah State’s Jordan Love has become my favorite QB that I was unaware of a month ago.  Authoritative.  Fun to watch.
Sparty QB pulled off his helmet and is sporting the 1955 Biff haircut.  Utah State is about to tell him to get his hands off this win.
Congrats, Sparty.  You left Utah State with two minutes and two TOs.
Utah State’s offensive coordinator has to run the fade to show how brilliant he is instead of winning the game.
MSU’s D’Antonio looks especially salty tonight.
Michigan State is in more trouble than Gary and Wyatt when the motorcycle gang showed up at their party on that infamous Saturday night in Shermer.
Utah State looks like a team with 18 returning starters.  They’re poised.
Get over to Big Ten Network.  Sparty is gagging it up as if they see Charles Woodson playing for the other side.
Bucky and Sparty sleeping through their non-conference home openers in true Big Ten form.
Wisconsin-WKU is now over on ESPN2.  For my friends who are out on this night and DVR’d the game, enjoy Venus-Serena when you get home and fire it up.
I’m not going to act like my alma mater is playing the ‘87 Miami Hurricanes but I’ll still take in the glory of a predictable, chugging Wisconsin win.  Just not by 37 or more points.
Another year where Syracuse men’s basketball will give up fewer second-half points than Syracuse football will.
I’m winning the 11 am kickoffs tomorrow. https://t.co/oAAmph0OkQ
Utah State goes full Madden.  4th and 1 from their own 40 vs Sparty.  And run the uninspiring read option.  Stuffed like Pizza Extreme.
RT @Royals: Thank you @drewbutera for your contributions to the #Royals organization on and off the field! #RaisedRoyal https://t.co/IBvfq9…
Another one departs.  @drewbutera gave the Royals the most instrumental walk in Houston on 10.12.15 and caught the last pitch of 2015.  Thank you for always caring.  And the hair flip.  #ForeverRoyal
@FiveSeasonsTree Hey Tree, Point of clarification -- little but it's a deal to me.  "Cedar Rapids speed cameras on I-380 stopped issuing tickets more than a year ago".  They're still on -- just not active.
Iowa Supreme Court on traffic cameras.  You don't need to hold a J.D. from a law school on this -- but give it a slow read to fully comprehend it. 	 https://t.co/L3Tg9r9W8P
If dogs had national morning shows, would their producers write that an interview subject is “speaking in”?  Dogs inhale when they bark.
@MitchMossRadio @paulyhoward on Iowa... lots of rain today and tomorrow.  Kinnick had water all over it Tuesday.  Take that for what you will on the offense.
Funniest video any parent will see today.  See the video of the 2-year-old twins who had... quite the night? https://t.co/DNQKdHIQKa
Hearing Joe Cocker's "You Can Leave Your Hat On" during a live shot at FryFest at 6 a.m. on a Friday will wake anyone up.  Mickey Rourke smirks and approves.
@Frysmouth I’ve sat in a makeup chair once.  In 2000 before I was on a game show.
Congrats to TJ Green, son of former Chiefs QB @trentgreen10, for his first college TD for Northwestern.
With Minnesota’s field goal, this game is now truly... over.
I like Gus Johnson and think @joelklatt is the best TV analyst in college football.  What did they do to merit Missouri State-Oklahoma State assignment?
Still surprised Herbstreit gets the call on the Purdue game.  Imagine Herbie calling Pam Ward on how to get to West Lafayette and the stadium.  She did it for years.
Now double-fisting Frostys as I watch Northwestern-Purdue.  One vanilla.  One chocolate.  Yeah, I’ll be anchoring the news at peak capacity in 8.5 hours.
Can Purdue’s uniform number be any larger?
They’re still trying to sell me on those $3,500 stationary bikes.  And I’m still easily resisting temptation.
Gophers already in non-conference opener form.
New Mexico State trying to go 30-37 for 61 yards for its passing game vs. Minnesota.
Excited to watch the Minnesota Gophers 2018 season, which will mark their 15th year without the Axe.
Who do we like tonight?  Purdue by “enough”.  Wake/Tulane won’t score many points.  New Mex St/Minnesota will have a low-scoring first half.
@jdubqca Thanks.  I’ll get that corrected.
TV News Cliche Watch:  Whenever I hear a medical package where the intro includes "new hope", I lose hope in crisp writing.  It's a writer's worst nightmare.  I feel the need to speak out and have my concerns heard.  Could be a game changer.
Priorities.  I struggle unclogging a sink drain or replacing a car headlight.   However, I was Dr. Greene from ER when using a pencil and a butter knife to get a cassette tape back to life after it would get stuck in a tape player.  Priorities.
@ChrisLongKSTP Would you like to start off with a sampler platter?
Woodstock was three days.  This schedule goes across five. https://t.co/dWVUJwDwDR
Lucas Duda.  Thank YOU for the 2015 World Series. #ForeverRoyal https://t.co/AGe2UtbKiY
Aaron Rodgers is worth every penny.  Favre won a Super Bowl working with an innovative coach.  Rodgers has been successful with a coach who often chooses to take the ball out of his QBs hands with late leads while opponents stack the line and force a punt.
@ColinCowherd On Aaron Rodgers and why he doesn’t have a second SB.  Watch the 2014 GB-Seahawks NFCCG.  Unlike those other QBs, Rodgers has a staff that gets scared of its own shadow in big games.
Interesting Fact I Didn't Believe.  @BreaLoveKCRG once qualified for a state tournament in Missouri when she was 13... throwing the discus.  As she leaves Iowa this week for North Carolina, this calls to see if she'll throw a discus in the parking lot.  (A cow chip will do)
The enjoyment of taking your daughter and 3 volleyball teammates home from practice, hearing Britney Spears “Baby One More Time” and knowing my daughter is afraid I’m going to sing.  In front of her friends.
@TiredTVTerms Or is the suspect is truly “on the run”?  We never say “on the walk”, “on the drive” or “on the unicycle”.
@DGQuoVadimus "Johnny, tell Daniel what he has won!"
Half my life ago, it wasn't uncommon to hear "C'Mon Ride It" by the Quad City DJs when leaving the club at 2:45 a.m.  1996 Me didn't think that, in 2018, I would hear it at 2:45 a.m. while driving to work to anchor a morning newscast.
Random.  Watching the flood warning in Madison.  Politics aside, I smile when I see Paul Soglin leading his city in crisis.  He was mayor when I was in college there... 26 years ago.
@DavidLQuiram I’m actually very pro-roundabout.  Yet I’m confused when I see them in places where people need to slow down and watch for others.
@Kaneiac If Lewis &amp; Clark would have come through here during road construction, a roundabout would have sent them to Winnipeg and the Pacific Ocean would still be a mystery.
Always smile when people on Edgewood Road SW zoom past me.  Pointless.  The lights aren’t synched up and one lane of Edgewood has been closed since Sputnik.  Who knows.  Maybe these lights will get ripped out for 4-way stops.
@KGertsen @jtlinder @GustafsonMeg10 Once the external temperature on my car went from 61 degrees (heated garage at KDLH) to -26 when I pulled into my driveway five miles later.  I have no further witnesses, Your Honor.
@jtlinder @GustafsonMeg10 As one who anchored sports for six winters in Duluth, it’s such an anomaly that South Shore produced Megan and Jolene (whom I covered a bit).
How ‘bout them Cowboys!  @wyo_football
I’m not sure if the New Mexico State logo is either John Wilkes Booth or Bill Cowher dressed up for a Halloween party.
@BruceCiskie Coach Boatrower has to be savoring playing a tired team on Thursday.  Well, NMSU’s offense will be rested.
@EricNScottsdale He won three FCS titles and beat a slew of Power 5 schools before that.  It’s like he did everything Nebraska would want but they never brought him back.
@Hassel_Chris That’s when the Lee Corso video game voice chimes in: “what are they doing out there?  Stupid!  Stupid! Stupid!”
New Mexico State has held the ball tonight about as long as I’ve ever held my tongue.
New Mexico State’s offense is like when we used to get the new NCAA football games for our PS2 back in the day.  You’re constantly three-and-out until you figure out how to run “Quick Slants” for every play for 11 yards.
I chide Nebraska a lot here.  I’ve also been a huge Craig Bohl supporter since his early NDSU.  Still miffed Nebraska never brought this native son home after Callahan, Pelini and Riley.
Sideline reporter says New Mexico State “is selling tickets for three dollars to get people in the stands!”  I figured NMSU going to the first bowl in 57 years would have brought out more fans...
@GregMcElroy deserves triple play for sitting through that penalty/botched FG/3rd and short play calling fest.  You made it entertaining — I’ll say that.
If Jacksonville State was 6th in FCS, I like Northern Iowa’s chances a whole lot more if they survive the gauntlet and make the tournament.
Look at you, Hawai’i.  23-7 at the half.  Knew you had it in ya.
For the momentum to pay college athletes that’s out there, anyone who sits through this A&amp;T-Jax St game on ESPN should get paid.  These two have more penalties than the IRS.
RIP Senator John McCain. I enjoyed covering his campaign during the 2008 Wisconsin primaries.  Never forget his nearly 6 years as a POW.  He could have come home early - but he didn’t.  He stayed until 1973 with his fellow prisoners.
Good gravy, Rice.  You CAN shake off the “first game with a new coach” debacle.
I’m such a mark for any $5.99 pizza deal.  Especially when the pizzas actually look like the ones in the TV commercials.  Finally.
@danspellerberg As for the points, I think Bohl is a top 15/20 coach in the country.  He’s had all summer to game plan for tonight.
@danspellerberg 17 is a lot to gobble for an opener.  Especially as UH didn’t have to rush the travel this week.
Love Hawaii and Wyoming tonight.  Also looking for lots of scoring.
@Volkswagen Now that my CC has hit 40,000 miles, it’s falling apart.  Could you be a sweatheart and DM me a fuse box map since it’s not in the manual for a 2013?  Thank you!
Watching the AMC version of Casino is high on the unintentional comedy scale.  Because of editing, Pesci now has to tell everyone else to “go drown yourself!”
In the preseason, I always get confused about the Chiefs and their time-outs.  Do they not burn them because it’s the preseason or, well, because it’s, errr, the Chiefs?
Are we sure Chase Daniel isn’t the best option for the Bears?  He looks like 2013 NCAA FB RGIII for Xbox 360 today.
Clock management like what we saw from Lions tonight is why they’ll be the Sam Rosen Game on FOX nine or ten times this year on the early kickoffs.
Same old Lions.
Halftime over/under for Detroit-Tampa Bay was 23.5...
When the Eagles play at home, there’s always the shot out of a break of making cheesesteaks.  Tonight in Tampa... making cigars.  Please show a cigarette factory for the next Carolina home game.
Stafford already looks in mid-season form for Detroit.  Field goals in the first half.  He won’t be in late enough tonight for his trademark two TDs against the prevent in the final four minutes.
A world where everyone seems to take 15 selfies a day with dog ear filters but using a turn signal is too much work.
“Now, Coach, you want another shot at that apology for what you said over the assistant coach?  Put out a statement at 6 pm on a Friday.  That way you can do it and it won’t linger in the news cycle.”
There’s a certain comfort in reaching an age and stage in life when you see your favorite shorts have nacho cheese sauce stains on them... and you really have no tangible reaction at all.
Good morning here on @KCRG.  Watching heavy storms coming through -- both early and late today - from @Kaj_OMara.  Market After Dark is coming up... be ready for it.  I ask for your patience/understanding today -- battling a sore throat.  I'm down half an octave on the air
Always enjoy seeing someone going 70 MPH thru one of the speed/red light cameras at last call.  Cameras flashed - a ticket is coming.  Buddy, if you’ve got someone at home wondering why you were out at 2:30... get to the mailbox first Monday.
Good morning!  Summer vacation is officially over -- hope you all have a stellar first day of school.  In an unrelated story, Fortnite daily usage in my home will decrease 87%.  @KCRG until 7 a.m. with me and @Kaj_OMara.
When an #AMNewser wakes up with that slight scratch in his or her throat, they start conserving energy like they’re Apollo 13 - trying to delay the inevitable lost voice until the next day off.
@WCCORosen Hey Mark, just heard about the health battle in your family.  I hope this is a time when all of the equity &amp; goodwill you've built in Minnesota - and elsewhere - will be "paid back" to you in love and support for you and Denise.  From Iowa, Chris
“Gimme Shelter” on as I turn the key and drive away from the station after a long day — 15 hours after it started.  Appropriate.
URGENT.  Murder charge filed in Mollie Tibbetts disappearance.  First-degree murder charge against 24-year-old man.  Common spelling would be “Christian Rivera”. Will correct if this is spelled differently.
NewBo Evolve.  GO Cedar Rapids leaders just said that NewBo Evolve lost $2.3 million dollars.  @KCRG
Mollie Tibbetts Case: DCI tells @KCRG that Mollie Tibbetts' body was found in a "rural part of Poweshiek County".
Mollie Tibbetts Case:  Central Iowa Crimestoppers said her body was found today (Tuesday).  A news conference is set for 4 p.m. from Poweshiek County.  We are working diligently to confirm all relevant information.  @KCRG
Good morning from @KCRG.  No major flooding events from Monday's rain here - much dryer here today -- so enjoy.  Report on school bus safety before Thursday's opener and awaiting @newboevolve details on financials of 2018 event.  Join me, @BreaLoveKCRG and @Kaj_OMara.
To celebrate the political season, I will now say "invest" when I really mean "spend".  In a few hours, I may invest in a Croissanwich to even the playing field so that all of my pangs of hunger will pay their fair share.  Working families would agree.
Happy trails, @ChrisHavelyWX.  Go kick tail in Luh’ville. https://t.co/Swhlmt16wR
I’ve been driving downtown Cedar Rapids for a decade.  Now that almost all the one-way roads are out, any flow is gone.  May as well make ALL intersections from 2nd to 7th Ave and 1st to 9th Streets a four-way stop.  There’s no flow to lose anymore.
For all of the talk about Younkers, both in business and politics, one unspoken issue is that you needed an attorney to review the fine print on those $50 off $100 coupons.  Don't you dare think about using those on Incredible Values or Yellow Dots.
Duchess Cleaners fire in Cedar Rapids.  Center Point Road NE is back open.  Police and fire still on scene as of 7:50 am. @KCRG https://t.co/K7yDXXedeg
Thanks to Justin Roberts of @600WMTAM for sending this way.  Duchess Cleaners on Center Point Road NE took on major fire damage.  CP is closed from 42nd to Hollywood.  Thanks, friend. @KCRG https://t.co/yb7PDaHTaz
Traffic note - On I-380 in Cedar Rapids approaching the S-curve (southbound, south of H Avenue), police/responder lights on the right side of I-380.  Be ready to merge to the left.  Trying to confirm (amid the rain) what took place here.
Developing - Cedar Rapids.  Fire crews and Alliant Energy are on scene at Duchess Cleaners on Center Point Road NE (near the Ace Hardware).  Center Point Road is closed for traffic at this time.  @KCRG is working to confirm more developments.  - Chris
This is just how this #AMNewser is going to have to roll today. https://t.co/FfiMxKTYbJ
@Royals First pick!  Eyes on the prize.
@EricPage1973 No lead is safe with the Royals.  The White Sox are rising like Olympus along the Serengeti.
Mike Sherman’s look as he navigates CFL clock management and two-point conversion game theory is that of a man in the mall who can smell the Cinnabon but can’t quite find it.
@AllOfASutton22 Hope you’re okay. Enjoyed watching you play for the Cats back in the day.
Every male-female couple on these House Hunters shows has the same dynamic.  Man works 60 hours a week to pay his CURRENT mortgage and appears emotionally beaten down in this entire process.
Yo.  We want Eazy. #1988 https://t.co/v5EqQ8dJxD
@BGrawer @GabeDeArmond @Coreytate74Tate Still waiting for the call from Ladue to retire No. 30 for holding @Coreytate74Tate to two points in the second half once.  We can ignore the 19 he threw down on me before half.
I believe I just saw the last Plymouth Reliant on the road.  In actual motion.
@IowaDrewhit Fascinated that he also wrote I’ll Wait.
Deep into a run.   There was a guy mowing at 6:53 am.  Charter member of the SMML - Saturday Morning Mowing League   He’s not in my neighborhood.  The grass is wet today.   I want to ask: “Do your neighbors want to install a car bomb on your Toro?”
Random.  The older I get, the more “Touch and Go” emerges as the best Cars song.
If you were a recording artist between 1978-1981 and you didn’t have Michael McDonald or The Bee Gees singing backup vocal on your song, that’s bringing a plastic spoon to a gunfight. #yachtrock
@ChrisDuerr I’ve said those words before.  It’s the worst.
It's way too early in the day to try and tell myself I can say the words "negotiations should soon start..." on the air.  #NewsAnchorProblems
I live in Iowa and, in a previous life, I was a blackjack dealer.  How in the world did I NOT know “Mississippi Grind” starts out at a Dubuque casino?!?
@JackLamsonCBS6 @TiredTVTerms Are people speaking out?  Is this suit a game-changer? Will this go down to the wire?  Are lawyers gearing up?  What happens next... is anyone’s guess.
Urgent on Jake Wilson case: Black Hawk Co. Sheriff's Office tells @KCRG law enforcement will offer a "significant update" at a 4 p.m. news conference today (8/16).  Jake Wilson, of La Porte City, was last seen on April 7.
One of the most bizarre rain showers I’ve ever seen.  Very Panhandle.  @KCRG_FirstAlert @Kaj_OMara https://t.co/6Kp7MLWeR0
@TGO7E @Royals Loved your speed, your smile and your great attitude!  Go join Zobrist and win another one.
Hearing “Red Hill Mining Town” by U2 has never made my day worse.  Never.
Re: Swedish vandals burned 80 cars.  When police caught them, did they Saab?
@JerodNBC4 @NateHill @mickshaffer @JohnnyKaneFSD @bthibault That’s fake news! Just saw the story and wanted to say I’m thinking about you in the battle.
@JerodNBC4 I'll call in the former @KSNT Sports Guy Brigade to wish you a full recovery.  @NateHill @mickshaffer @JohnnyKaneFSD @bthibault
@mattpauli Relegate the bottom teams in each division every year to the MAC.  Like English soccer.  NIU joins the west.  Toledo in the east.
@mattpauli No more than Harbaugh and trying to finally beat Brutus.  Iowa has lots of tricky spots.  Cyclones, NW and perhaps Nebraska will be better in the last week.  Rather play them early.
Yikes.  Just realized that Iowa avoids Michigan, Michigan State and Ohio State this year.  Truly a MAC West schedule for 2018.
Good morning.  Get caught up on the week ahead -- a perfect "pool day", says @Kaj_OMara.  Also... @NicoleAgee checks in with us and her newborn.  Come over until 7 a.m.  @KCRG
@JackLamsonCBS6 I'll be curious to see the audience numbers/TV ratings for the PGA.  I watched yesterday -- only because Woods was in it.
Red Dawn.  So much for getting to sleep early.  		Colonel Bella was the Patton of fictional Communist overlords but even he wasn’t ready for Swayze, Baby (before she could dance) and the rest of the Wolverines. https://t.co/j1OVXQr1U4
Yeah.  If Sears went back to selling these in adult sizes, they might be able to hold off Chapter 11. https://t.co/p7FlOltGzI
Perfect approach by the Royals today.  Quality start from Junis but always keeping an eye to the future.  Put Hammel in to keep in position for that first draft pick.  A win all around.
St. Louis in August may be the last place on Earth that calls for wearing white pants if you’re out in the sun for five hours playing golf.
Live in the moment.  Put your phones down.  A much cooler shot will be a screen grab of you standing in the background on the DVR. https://t.co/xVWAYdHhbC
For those of us who are Tom Watson guys, the name “Stewart Cink” is a kick in the Titleists.  Even nine years later.
Some believed Tiger-Phil was the top golf rivalry twenty years ago.   Nope. https://t.co/7jp7VVMnTp
Watching the PGA today from STL makes me want to resurrect my dead PS2 and start knockin’ down 61-foot putts with a character wearing a fedora and aloha shirts. https://t.co/TzeW5c88eZ
@Mizbol1 Upon my induction speech for the Pizza Driver Hall of Fame, I’ll shall go in with a @PizzaExtreme hat.
@KwikTrip Thanks for the digital air pump.  Seriously.  Huge help for a long trip.  Why I love your stores.
In college, I delivered 40,000+ pizzas.  Yes, 40,000.  This idea from one pizza place for the “Hot Spot” delivery (a park, for example) with no home/business address is asking for more drivers to get robbed.
@mellinger Just came to this thread.  I’m thinking “oh no.  He’s joining The Athletic, too.”
RIP “Iowa Conference” name.  May the former IIAC expand enough where they can have divisions called the Legends and Leaders.
TV News Cliche Watch.  Just heard a reporter in the Manafort trial say "blockbuster testimony!".  Can't we update our cliches to say "netflix testimony" or "hulu testimony"?
@FezzikSports @RJinVegas Thanks for the shout out on the Ravens.  Blossom would be proud.
@MCFick That happened to me once in Duluth doing sports.  I said, "plug your ears, gotta get this cough out" and let out this violent, ear-splitting cough.  Then back to... "Torii Hunter, two on... IT'S ELECTRIC... three-run blast."
Now at 23 years of being on-air... nearly had (cliche to follow) an anchor's worst nightmare.  A sneeze on-air... almost all over @justingehrts.  Fought it off.  Oh the humanity.
Brewers... you have two EXCELLENT former Royals.  Not all of them are.  Just a warning.
TV News Anchor Life: When you see "you can find people shucking 25,000 ears of corn today"... ALWAYS slow down and enunciate.
Good morning here on Thursday.  Set for what may be a "perfect pool day" (my forecast, not necessarily from @justingehrts.  Lots to get through this morning on @KCRG.  Come on over until 7 am.
August.  The month of football training camp stories.  Everything is positive.  Every QB looks better than ever.   I’d love to hear a story of “well, our chemistry is awful.  No one lifted weights all summer and our coach isn’t even staying late since he signed that new deal.”
TV News Cliche Watch:  Now that we are a, largely, wireless society, does this mean we don't have to hear that something is going "down to the wire"?  @TiredTVTerms
@LooksLikeCesar For some people, it is always 1996.
Few people appreciate the beauty of 12:13 AM vs 1:13 AM on the Monday morning alarm clock more than an #AMNewser coming off the weekend.
@DMRsports @GarmanSports @DannyLawhon Yes, excellent run, Andy.   A prime spot covering Iowa sports and you did it with spirit and hustle.
The canvas can do miracles.  Just you wait and see.  #YachtRock
@sweetlew34 Thanking of you and Stacey during this time.  Thank you for your kindness and gratitude on anything we had about Lucas and his life.  - Chris
@Super70sSports Rickey loved the villain role.  Always extra show to the fans in the $4 left field bleacher seats in Milwaukee.  By the end of the game, we all loved Rickey because he would interact.
I wonder why I have a bottle of sunscreen in the kitchen.  Wait.  So that the chicken doesn’t get burned.
"People were getting angry as of three days ago," Laura Calderwood (Mollie Tibbetts's mother), referring to how the reward fund reached $172,000 and people gave to it.  @KCRG
Greg Wiley with CrimeStoppers of Central Iowa, is calling for any information on Mollie Tibbetts' disappearance.  @KCRG
From the Mollie Tibbetts News Conference: "We have raised $172,000 that would be paid to you as soon as Mollie is safely home."  @KCRG
@MCFick Ohio State could pay that off in free tattoos.
@MattGKSNT @mickshaffer @JohnnyKaneFSD That’s what @bthibault is for.  He can just expense it.
@espnSteveLevy Congratulations on 25 years at the Mothership.   Always enjoyed your work, on the desk and PxP.
The power of a thousand suns.  Almost.  @Kaj_OMara offers a tour of Eastern Iowa.  Good morning.  @KCRG https://t.co/DsIwWJoZ2i
@MattGKSNT That’s a solid run, Matt.   You probably drove enough from the station to US 75 to go around the globe seven times.
@mickshaffer @JohnnyKaneFSD @MattGKSNT I still have four months of rent at Villa West from 1998 when I bolted KSNT after 8 months and a whopping 4 sportscasts.  We could go have a pool party.  Behind the liquor store at 29th &amp; Wanamaker.
First time I’ve ever had that happen.  Price of gas went up 3 cents from the time I walked into the gas station as when I started pumping after walking out.
“Buy One, Get One Up to 50% Off!” is not exciting.  It takes no effort.  Be creative, stores.
@CoachMantegna Drove 2,400 miles on a family vacation -- almost all #YachtRock.  I think I'm all good on "Jojo" and "Georgy Porgy", however.  Broaden out the playlist.
I still have a hard time believing Christopher Cross did anything in 1979 that would warrant the death penalty after being extradited back to the U.S.  #YachtRock
If you’re an #AMNewser returning from vacation, on Sunday night you make sure your comb and hair paste are in the front seat for Monday.  If an anchor forgets those, that anchor may as well just forget English.
Something I never thought I would ask at a Younkers.  “Can I use my 25 percent off coupon for this mannequin?” https://t.co/6jKuERT47U
@Chippewaffles Yeah, it should just be called “Ron Burgundy Radio” and they could intermingle it with Burgundy telling stories of lost love, television news and playing jazz flute.
Thank you, Moose.  Go reunite with LoCain and help the Brewers get where we go to... twice.  #ForeverRoyal https://t.co/sjOPWh9L2B
@MrClarkFMSMath Why I drove it in the dark.  They woke up in Cheyenne.
Back from a family trip, Griswold-style, to Wyoming and Colorado.  Clark never had Yacht Rock to burn the miles away.  Not sure how much more Georgy Porgy from Toto I can take. https://t.co/EqtHbnMMKx
The second waffle at a hotel breakfast has never let me down.  Jalapeño cheese sauce on fries has also never let me down.
When you’re road tripping with two teenagers, the math is high calculus.  Three of us.  Eight Pop Tarts in a box.   Will need a mediator to split up the last two.
@TVNewsSnob Have to in both settings.  Don’t have to be best friends but have to get along and pick up each other when warranted.
@NJPace40 @purplesea40 @pantherprof @jeffdieken @kim_huckstadt @eoasports @RoarkHorn @tombuckmiller @NCSAmike Only if Oingo Boingo opens.
Mike Sherman coaching in the CFL means he will never encounter 4th and 26.
Thanks to the news of the last six months, when a news anchor sees “stormy” in a script about the weather, the next word out of said news anchor’s mouth had better be “weather”.
Good morning on this Friday.  Team coverage on @KCRG all day on the tornadoes - Marshalltown, Pella and a look at Bondurant.  At this point, still no official report of fatalities.  Come over until 7 a.m.
Fewer things of my mornings at work bring me more joy than seeing someone win a car on a game show.
TV News Cliches.  Too often, I hear about how something "turned deadly".  What about when the opposite happens... do we ever say that something "turned lively"?
@BillSimmons Yacht Rock Palooza ‘18 is not complete without Ambrosia.  That’s three songs.... possibly four.  This will happen.
As the ESPYs are tonight, this only serves as a reminder that, 20 years ago, @normmacdonald hosted the ESPYs.  For some of us, that was the Zapruder film of a host turning roast.  Watch it... it's out there.
When an #AMNewser sleeps from 3 pm to midnight, a morning newscast gets its wings... or something like that.  See you at 4:30 on @KCRG.  If you’re on “last call”, perhaps see you at 11...?
@KennethMoton Enjoyed watching you this morning.  Very soothing voice on the desk!
On KCRG 9.3 as I walk in...		... I bet the conversation during the commercial break was, oh, 37 times more interesting than whatever was said on NBC that night. https://t.co/bd9eFrqMef
The US men’s soccer team has a show called Rising?  Shouldn’t a better title be Well Rested?
When you’re trying to make a living, there ain’t no such thing as pride.  Thank you, Richard!
@redjimmy @richardmarx Two songs later, Possum Kingdom by the Toadies.  Not quite the same vibe.
@redjimmy @richardmarx No boundaries.
Sitting at a B-Dubs and “Right Here Waiting” is blaring as I eat spinach dip apps.  @richardmarx, my wife says she’ll give me $5 if you like this.  Help me impress her.
I haven’t sat down to watch a battle for third place since I worked at KDLH in Duluth.
@KCRG_FirstAlert That temperature drop is the definition of a refreshing change.
There are some days where anchoring 3.5 hours is a bit taxing. Gotta be”on” the whole time. Then I watched Isner-Anderson.  THAT is a taxing day.
A Civil War Re-Enactment is common.  Why not a three-pronged “what if?” involving the North, South and Swayze’s Red Dawn Fighters?  We wouldn’t know who would win beforehand... AND the Wolverines would have RPGs.
Every time I hear a .38 Special song, I flashback to summers in the Missouri Ozarks where every restaurant, looking back, was a slightly more tame version of the Double Deuce.
I know I'm a product of my era whenever I see "Lake McBride" in the prompter, I'm afraid that "Bake McBride" will emerge from my mouth... and I'll get upset about the 1980 World Series all over again.
Seeing this always makes 25-65 go down easier. https://t.co/ucIgWoKZbB
When you're a news anchor, the word 'armadillo' is one that you definitely want to make sure you slow down and enunciate.
@JayBilas Good morning, Jay.  Thanks for the laugh.  I'm only just now forgiving you for fouling out Dreiling in the '86 Semis vs. Kansas.
@AriA1exander Except... I have a checkered history with these things.  In 1995, I bought Mega Memory a week before college finals to try and make up for spotty attendance in Zoology 101.
When you own a boat, there are three great days.  The day you buy it, the day you sell it and the day you take a circular saw and cut it in half to see if this stuff really works. https://t.co/qQVIbkkTiV
Excited to see if the first few innings of Red Sox-Royals will be like the first few frames of a 4-year-old’s birthday party at the bowling alley without the bumpers.
If you’re not getting your oil changed where the guy isn’t spitting his Skoal back into an empty soda bottle while printing out your receipt, you need a tougher shop.
In honor of Husker Night, the Royals are losing by 11 in front of a national audience at home.
Just saw an ad from a credit card company offering college loans.  That sound like a brilliant idea for a young person...
Both goalies spectacular.  Russian goalie knows what Aaron Rodgers feels like 6 or 7 times a year.
@AriA1exander Teddy KGB approves.
That third Croatian PK was the soccer version of Roy Munson picking up the 6-7-10 spare against that preacher.
Apparently, they blind-folded the shooters and spun them around three times before the kicks.  That has to explain this.
Putin just gave a satisfied nod.
Car models like Tucson, Santa Fe or Durango.  Places most of us will never have our own car.  Why not the Dodge Des Moines or the Toyota Topeka?
The workers of the company that made that goalpost won’t have to sleep with one eye open tonight.
Sweden’s imminent demise makes me want to Saab. A 900, preferably a 1993.
Lots of empty seats at the start of the second half of Sweden-England.  In Russia, long lines still find you.
When I cook hash browns for three of us, as I divide them up in the skillet to serve three, it always ends up looking like the Allies dividing up West Berlin.
@BPBroadcaster @ScansTheMan @ChrisLongKSTP @GopherMBB KDLH was freaking out because I didn’t get back until 9:45 for a 10:20 sportscast.  Had to stay for OT.  Was two months into the job and wanted to show I cared.
@ScansTheMan @ChrisLongKSTP @GopherMBB Thanks for update.  Covered his last 2 years at East and 2 years at the U.  He WILLED '01 East team to 2nd place  Had a strong 15-year run in pro hoops. Always had a good relationship with his family.  Fav Rickert 'game - early '00, 3 at buzzer to tie Superior, won in OT.
TV News Cliche Watch.  Far too often, I hear "it's an ongoing investigation".  Can we report that it's an "off-going investigation" when it's complete?
@DanWolken He should get Self to bring on Larry Brown.
Heard "Far Behind" from Candlebox as I drove in.  For those of us of a certain age, hearing that song takes us back to a bar with the overpowering scent of hairspray and spilled Zima.
Good morning -- to all of the other #AMNewsers here on July 5, after the fireworks in all of our respective cities finally stopped, likely around when we got up and went to work.
So that’s where all of the Gordon Gekko/Bill Lumbergh/Robert Kraft dress shirts have gone.  Wimbledon judges.  No one wears the blue shirt/white collar here anymore.
Random: Watching Wimbledon on ESPN.  Federer is on the set, giving analysis an hour after his match today.  He’s hilarious and blunt.
If you’re on a cruise ship... and there is a karaoke contest... with cash prizes... and you perform this nugget and DON’T finish in the money, it’s time for other pursuits. https://t.co/8lErjx8FK7
Freedom comes in a different manner for all of us, I suppose. https://t.co/vC0vBUubNN
Good morning on this Tuesday.  Lots of choices here in Eastern Iowa for July 3.  Some will select fireworks in Dubuque - @KCRG will be live at 5/6pm.  Some will watch Ellis Park fireworks.   Some will choice @rickspringfield in Coralville.  Everyone wins.  Come over until 7 am.
The fireworks quandary and the #AMNewser.   As it sounds like 1982 Beirut if you live close to Hiawatha tonight, the dilemma.  Can’t wear earplugs and risk missing the 2 a.m. alarm.  The smart AMNewser always naps in early July.
JP Dellacamera’s voice on soccer has the same effect that David Coverdale’s voice has.  I am enthralled on every syllable.
@MCFick Satisfied STILL gets played when I run.
Now that Best Buy is done selling CDs.  The first CD I bought there:  "Repeat Offender" by @richardmarx... for my Sony Discman in February 1990.  Scraped together $11.99, I believe.
Wise words from a wise man. https://t.co/ji5kFEr00p
Superb article on the late Larry Cotlar from @MarkEmmert of the Register.  Didn't know him well but knew from friends that he was SUPERB to people just breaking into the business.  https://t.co/sabY5lwhCX
Good morning -- welcome to July 2.  With the holiday on a Wednesday, will this be that odd week where it feels like every workplace is understaffed?  Come on over to @KCRG with @NicoleAgee and me.  @justingehrts calls it "warmish" - a meteorological term.
@CDSWCCO @rmaguire1701 @Brewers Yes, I'll chime in on this as well on Larry Cotlar.  First heard him on the 1 on 1 Sports Network out of Techny, IL in '97 or '98.  Papa Joe, Peter Brown, Steve Czaban... they had a pretty solid lineup.
Teddy KGB finally feels satisfied.
The moment I shifted allegiance from Spain to Russia...
We should do stoppage time on our newscasts.  If I flub a line or misfire on a weak joke, that time gets added at the end of the newscast to make it right.
Russia’s defense has gotten a lot better since that West German teenage boy flew a Cessna into Red Square.
The VAR team knows that calling a penalty there isn’t worth 15 years of hard labor up north.
The coaches of the 1998 Vikings nod in approval of Spain’s late-game strategy.
Apparently, Spain has Chief of Staff Doug Stamper as a striker.
Spain’s offense is sending me to play video poker to pass the time until the shootout.
@jmilleram @ChevyChaseToGo “Mine or yours?”
Spain plays Lickliterball.
When you’re my age and you hear the Russian national anthem, all you think about are Ivan Drago and Swayze leading the Wolverines.
Get me one more, OKC Thunder,  er, I mean Argentina.
Fire up your Toros.  Saturday Morning Mowing League early kickoffs are underway.
Which means, of course, now watching Pesci tell the story of his jewelry store to “Can You Hear Me Knocking?”   One of the wildest music montages ever.
Just walked past an old man at a gas station.  He had a vintage (old) blue polo with the Stardust Las Vegas logo on it.  Ace Rothstein approves.  You can have the money or the hammer.  Can’t have both.
Journalists.  We always put out the paper.  We always have the newscast ready.  We make deadline.  We love what we do... even as we receive caustic emails, some threatening.  Many of us have/have had stalkers.  Please remember this when reading about the Maryland killings.
Good morning.  It's an angry sun today.  Highs in mid-90s... heat index approaching 111 by late afternoon.  Fellow gingers...UV at a 10.  Pools will be like nightclubs today.  @Kaj_OMara tracks it all.  Join @NicoleAgee and me on @KCRG until 7 a.m.
Open the door.  Get on the floor.  Everybody walk the Dinosaur.  #random #1988
TV News Cliche Watch: A "close-knit" family or community.  What about those of us with families or towns that are "open-knit"... or "loose-knit" but not necessarily "close-knit"?
Today is National Sunglasses Day?  For any pale ginger TV anchor, "no thanks" to sunglasses.  Raccoon eyes don't play well in HD.  We need sunglasses like a fish needs a bicycle.
Good morning.  Beautiful sunrise here in Cedar Rapids but also watching for some fog throughout low-lying spots.  For news, looking at the primaries from last night, a ruling on immigration families &amp; an I9 report the junk mail we all receive.  @KCRG until 7 a.m.
Everybody, shhhhhh!  I found it!  The Gold of Summer.  @philsteele042, thank you as always. https://t.co/UlT3e9a5NJ
I should have run each mile 40 seconds faster.  Oops. https://t.co/brP1uPexEt
Watching Argentina celebrate this win feels like watching the Packers celebrate beating the Bears to win the NFC North at 9-7.
Maradona goes double guns out after the go-ahead.   I won’t post it here.  You can find it.
Out walking in Dyersville.  Live at 5 and 6 for Our Town on @KCRG. https://t.co/MpU0D9tQqm
URGENT: U.S. 30 in Benton County is closed in both directions for a crash -- between the Keystone (16th Avenue) and Van Horne (21st Avenue) intersections.  We're working to confirm more details -- if you drive east into CR for work, plan ahead on this.  @KCRG
Poland coach bears an unusual resemblance to Donald Rumsfeld.
This team is magic so far in 2018.  Can’t wait to see them in a few weeks. https://t.co/bnnIWII3rb
Anyone who has Panama +7.5 might be sweating this second half.
Walk up to the window.  England-Panama is officially “over”.
Extra time has been unkind to the underdogs.
Already sniffing time for the German coach. #SoccerHumor
@ChrisDuerr 16 years and I’m still upset.
Sweden is already getting the Sacramento Kings Game 6 treatment.
@_TheHouseofR If it’s going to be 110, grass won’t grow anyway.  Just wait...
The Cedar Rapids Division of the SMML - Saturday Morning Mowing League - must be on bye this week.  I need to get an updated schedule.
Whoa.  Mike Sherman is coaching the Alouettes.  Please tell me he lets the QB with this pro team have a separate set of rules from the rest of the team.
Noooo!  Costa Rica nearly pulled off the draw.
This. https://t.co/V7IZut893T
The debate now in our house.  What is worst for a fan base - Argentina’s performance in two games... or losing to Trinidad &amp; Tobago a few months back?
The humiliation is total.  Croatia up 3-0 over the OKC Thunder of the World Cup.
THAT was a man’s goal.   Yikes.  #Croatia
@CVanTasell @jazayerli Depends.  I live 300 miles from KC.  If Hosmer/Cain were there, I’d go this year.  Instead, we’ll go to an SKC game this year.  Not much of an attachment to the 2018 roster.
Even #AMnewser needs a pair of crabby anchor socks. https://t.co/IJzsJzFZp1
@jazayerli I said, in 2015, this team could be terrible for 15 years because of the title and I’d be fine.  Still - 2015 may not happen if not for Correa’s glove, Murphy’s glove, Familia, Clippard, Terry Collins.  Makes me appreciate 2015 even more.
Good morning on this Wednesday.  Watch out for storms all day.  @Kaj_OMara is on it.  @NicoleAgee and I will get you all set.  Hope a wonderful Wednesday is ahead for you.  @KCRG til 7 am.
@realfrankboal Great point today on @kkwhb.  Imagine if Royals didn’t win WC 2014 or come back vs Astros in 2015.  They’d be like Orioles or Mets now.  All that money spent with no title.
The heat is gone.  The rain is pushing through.  Watch for any flash flooding/heavy rainfall concerns throughout with the storms.  Come over to @KCRG through 7 a.m. -- @Kaj_OMara, @NicoleAgee and I are "on it".  Them more than me.
Woke up to the news @KelvinHerrera40 is going to the Nats.  We all watched you ride that high heat to keep the lead in the 8th inning and later.  Thank YOU for helping win 2 pennants and 1 World Series. #ForeverRoyal
Tony Sipp got the win for the Astros?  Please tell me he threw his glove into the mound afterwards.  Or does that only happen during playoff games against the Royals?
Yeah, now that I put that Morales “jersey shirt” on, I feel like I can smack homers off Keuchel in Game 5 to move onto the ALCS.
@AndrewMLogue I’ll have to drop in next time I’m there this summer.
When you’re one of 7 Royals fans in all of the Cedar Rapids metro area, $50 goes a long way at the Burlington here. https://t.co/TKtDUpSi9p
Random:  listening to @amygrant on a Sunday morning always makes me feel better about whatever is to come.
Jorge Campos and his awesome goalkeeper kits approve of this first half performance by Mexico.
Running between games to “Rise” by Herb Alpert.  It’s like I’m 38 years old in 1979.
Much chatter on the “when is it too early to mow on the weekends”, a solution.  During the summer months, it’s okay to mow whenever your closest mall is open.  If the Orange Julius or the Forever 21 is open, mow.  If not, wait.
@ScottFrederick5 If that friend who used your sharpener also had ColecoVision and not Atari or Intellivision, that friend had diplomat tags to do whatever he/she wanted on your property.
I’ll just wait until the commercial break after the kickoff.  Oh wait.  This is soccer.  There are NO commercial breaks.  How silly of me.  They can wear full sleeve tattoos of a transmission shop in Belgrade, for all I care.  Clog up their kits with ads.  No commercial breaks.
This about sums up being a kid in 1982. https://t.co/JBJXVaIGdK
Watching Hamilton-Calgary CFL.  June Jones and Jerry Glanville are both coaching Hamilton.  Please tell me Leeman Bennett, Marion Campbell and Dan Reeves will join the staff.
@1Forest679 @batlombardi @DMRegister Nope.  Trust me on this.
Iceland and Argentina’s players appear to go through more hair paste than a TV newsroom.
Messi is surrounded by more men in white shirts than Joan Harris at Sterling Cooper.
Iceland has the same population as Linn &amp; Johnson Counties here in Iowa.  They’re in the World Cup.  We don’t even have a water park.  But, supposedly, we could have had one...
Argentina not wearing the light blue/white in exchange for theae black kits is like when the Packers break out those navy/yellow throwbacks.  No one wants them.
7:18 am.  The new record in my neighborhood to hear a lawn mower operating on a Saturday morning.
Bad break for Australia.  Good break for the “over 3” crowd.
I love the dynamic of soccer referees.   They always look like the kindergarten teacher trying to maintain order in a class of 22 of the most hyper, over-dramatic kids.
As Teddy KGB would say, I feel so unsatisfied.  If you dive enough, you’ll get a call.
Penalty kick?!?  After the video review.  Booo.  FIFA consulting with the former NBA commissioner on getting the brand names to the next round?
Roosters look a little tight.  The same vibe Arizona usually gives off in the second round of March Madness.
@EricLPauly Well, two things.  I’m usually up at 5 am on weekends (for me, that’s sleeping in) and live elite sporting events are rare.   Also we’re a soccer house so I’ve gotta pay attention.
Love hearing the voice of JP Dellacamera.  Remember him calling MISL games for the Steamers during the hair band/mullet glory days.
Just try and stay on your feet, France.  Save the flops for past the group stage.
@AustinDougher10 @Joe_Winters Can you help me find the pita chips?
My evening just got better. https://t.co/sVei4dFjPt
Just finished my first drone flight for NewsDrone9.  "News gathering" has never been more enjoyable.
@DavidNelsonNews @kwqcnews I lived the "silk robe lifestyle" for three years when I did evenings at @WEAU.  Glory days.
Congratulations to @DavidNelsonNews on his upcoming move to PM newscasts at our sister station, @kwqcnews in the Quad Cities.  Enjoy the PM lifestyle -- sleeping in, walking around the house in a robe until 1 p.m.  The good life.
Sorry to see Iowa men's basketball will not play in the Classic in DM each year with ISU, UNI &amp; Drake.  Loved watching that environment.  Hope this doesn't mean more Bethune-Cookman, Idaho St., UMKC on the non-con.
The ice cream sundae at 4:07 a.m. is never a smart, long-term choice for an #AMNewser but life is about calculated risk.
@Jesse_Horne @TheMahaRaji Imagine Query and Majik going out on College Avenue in Appleton in 1989.  Enough hairspray to detonate a city block if someone fired up a cigarette.
TV News Cliche Watch.  Just heard people escaping a storm "...with only the clothes on their back".  We never hear "...only the clothes on their legs" or "...only the socks covering their feet."
Good morning.  Big day here at @KCRG as we mark ten years since the Cedar River crested in Cedar River at 31.12 feet.  What an awful week for those of us who were here.  For some, the struggle lasted years.  Come on over until 7 a.m.
Random: I forgot how strong "Hide &amp; Seek" by Chuck Mangione is.  Goodness... how did I let that escape my iPod a few years ago.
Few sounds soothe an anchor who is re-writing the next newscast more than the silk trumpet of Chuck Mangione.
In depth story from @DaveFranzman on the Flood of 2008 -- and rebuilding in Time Check of Cedar Rapids.  https://t.co/00QrZGHZlF
We have lots to work through this morning on @KCRG.  The Singapore Summit, rebuilding after the Flood of 2008, nothing extreme for weather - so enjoy that.  Stop by here until 7 am - with @NicoleAgee, @Kaj_OMara and me.
Good morning on this Monday.  Lots to work through today -- flooding up north in Greene along the Shell Rock.  @Kaj_OMara warns of extreme heat this weekend.  @NicoleAgee and I are here through 7 a.m.  Come on over to @KCRG.
@RobertPriceTV I was on Pop Rocks.  Because I'm old.
When it's going to be a good Monday for an #AMNewser: "Stay" by Lisa Loeb &amp; Nine Stories comes on at 2:57 a.m. as you drive in.  Cue me singing it in sleezy, lounge singer voice.
A little-known provision of the Michigan NCAA probation from the Fab Five era is that Jalen Rose had to wear those glasses tonight for one halftime show.  Otherwise, the banners come down.
Putin has a radio call-in show?  I envision him like Larry King's old radio show, making the callers pay for the call.  "Vladivostok, you're on with Paul Anka... HELLO!"
Durant.  Cold-blooded.
Younger colleagues started talking about free phones that lock you in with long-term plans.  I brought up Columbia House.  8 CDs for a penny. Great ‘til that unwanted Damn Yankees CD showed up for $20.99.  One could only make up so many aliases...
@dopegurlfresh91 Thank you for catching it.  I am a man, however, of some rules.  NO bow ties is one of them.  If I could wear an ascot on the news, I would... definitely.
Good morning on the day after the primaries in Iowa.  Hubbell (Governor) and Finkenauer (Iowa-1) with easy wins.  Watch out for the threat of storms tonight, however, from @KCRG_FirstAlert -- especially 3pm to 9 pm.  Come over to @KCRG.
I have this image of guys taking the afternoon off to clog up I-95 from Philly to Wilmington to get those hard-earned dollars down on the Warriors.
For @TiredTVTerms, who actually tells their family or friends, "I'm going to head to the polls"?  Let's just say "people will vote today..." instead.  #TalkLikePeopleTalk
RIP Dwight Clark - passing from ALS at 61.  "The Catch" was the second NFL game I remember watching.  The first was "The Epic in Miami" the week before.  Not a bad two-game sample to start my viewing.
@RFK50th Thank you for all of the work on this.  As much as I've studied the assassination, seeing the posts in real time adds a new layer.
Tomorrow marks 50 years since assassination of Robert Kennedy.  I offer an unusual book: "A Disturbance of Fate" - an alternative history if RFK would have survived.  Fascinating in its detail of "what if" elections of RFK vs. Nixon '68, RFK vs. Reagan '72.
@acgoodyear Yes.   Because that's a direct weather event.  That's common.
Cedar Rapids isn't allowed to have a casino but it is a societal norm for people to mow their lawns... at 8:13 am on a Saturday.  Is there a 1-800-MOWERS-OFF number?
If the fortune cookie I had tonight was stale, does that mean that the fortune isn't in the future but actually something from the recent past?
Watching Twister on AMC.  If only they had the @KCRG_FirstAlert Weather App in 1996, they would have known to just drive to Enid or Wichita instead.
URGENT out of Polk County. https://t.co/c1Mk1tFIau
Excellent work, @joshshiney, on his I9 investigation into alleged sexual abuse within Linn-Mar schools.  https://t.co/2R2XKSYG3x
Last night's end to The Americans was perfect.  Paige on the platform to "With or Without You" reached a Dr. Greene in Hawaii to "Somewhere Over the Rainbow" level.
Paige stayed.  What a finale.
https://t.co/VRYN5bGqkv
@ChadsPizzaCF Thanks to Chad at the original shop in Dyersville.  Superb pizza today while we were working.
Thanks to @NicoleAgee for filling in for me on @KCRG at Midday while Marlon and I eat pizza and potatoes... uh, I mean, do our stories in Dyersville.
In Dyersville this morning for Our Town shoots.   You know why it's perfect for gathering stories?   Cloudy and not 94 degrees. https://t.co/dpE4kLVzFU
It's 2:08 a.m. and I'm eating Cheerios (with raisins and mini-marshmallows - feel free to judge) and I hear thunder.  Yup... storms.  @Kaj_OMara will take us through the forecast today.  Come on to join @NicoleAgee and us on @KCRG from now until 7 a.m.
If I ran the carnival with stuffed animal prizes at the basketball hoop, I would do anything to keep the Rockets playing.
@BriAlNews Here's the practical challenge.  You can't wear ear plugs because you risk not being to hear an alarm at 1:45 am.  I love the shift but it does have quirks.
Observation today.   As I run, if you said to your spouse/sig other, "let's go for a bike ride on Memorial Day!" and they're more than 10 seconds behind you, it means they're doing it to placate you.  They don't want to go.   It's too bloody hot.
@acgoodyear Denny Green's last game before... the high road.  That's where he will be.
Hearing "Regulate" by Nate Dogg &amp; Warren G on the drive in will provide all the non-caffeinated energy to solo anchor 3.5 hours on a holiday.
Not many feelings better on a 93 degree day than remembering you bought that bottle of sauce three weeks before and it's in the back of the pantry. https://t.co/u7Qykqg3De
Getting a teenager to make a phone call - "a voice call" - in 2018 is like asking them to rub two sticks together to make a campfire... in The Yukon.
The big question for the Houston Rockets.  Are their preferred clubs open late on Memorial Day for their annual night out to celebrate getting bounced?
When NBA dynasties fall, it's sudden and often shocking.
As a former sports anchor, I'm torn on Olbermann's return to SportsCenter.   He was THE prime influence on my years as a sports anchor.  However, so much has changed in the business since 1995.  Less snark.  Fewer :26 intros before the video.
Come on down to the Farmers Market - #KCRGMarket for you hashtaggers.  @NicoleAgee, @Kaj_OMara and I will be there 7:30-9:00 am.  Say hello.
The Cavaliers have all of the energy of a 7:55 am college accounting lecture.
RT @Super70sSports: All in favor of skipping work tomorrow and just playing this for like 10 hours in a row raise your hand. https://t.co/P…
On Parkersburg and the 2008 EF-5 tornado that hit May 25, 2008.  If you go to Google Maps and click the Street View... the images are from September 2008.  CHILLING to look at the southern part of the city, four months after the tornado.
Iowa Governor:  Nate Boulton is "suspending his campaign" for the Democratic nomination.
Good morning on this Thursday.  @justingehrts talks of a UV of 9 today -- so watch out.  Updates on the Boulton campaign for governor amid Wednesday's @DMRegister report.  Come on over to @KCRG until 7 a.m.
The life of a Track Dad.  As the 400 comes around, you get all excited - from the back row.  The girl you're yelling encouragement at wins... and then you realize that isn't your daughter.  She has different shoes.  She's in the next heat.  #WannaGetAway
We all have work challenges.  Could be a process.  Could be a co-worker.  Could be remembering the cover sheets for the TPS reports.  For me, it is saying, "when a wrong way driver..." on live television.
@MaddiePoppe, it looks like you had a pretty good Monday.  Congratulations!  Great meeting you last week.  Have a blast in Hawaii and wherever the journey takes you.
NBA needs to call up the refs from 20 years ago.  Those guys could call it tight enough to keep the games close... before ensuring the Bulls, Lakers, or other brand name team would advance in at least 6 games.
@NicoleAgee Actually, it was 2.17 seconds.  I counted it, frame by frame.
@NicoleAgee finally made it to American Idol!  All of the years, crafting the voice and stage presence and being comfortable with her work paid off last night.
Vegas is ten minutes from winning the West and going to the Stanley Cup Finals in Year 1.  Blues last made the finals in 1970.  I'm not bitter.  Nope.  Not at all.
Boss move for any potluck.  Bring the vegetable tray.  You're seen as nutritionally responsible.  Nobody eats it.  You eat all the fried chicken, Oreos and banana pudding your body can handle.. then take the untouched vegetables home.
Royals should offer a next-day pizza deal from one of the chains.  If the Royals lose the night before, the ERA of the night's starting pitcher is the price of a large, two-topping carry out.  Most would be between $6-$7.
So many people wake up for the Royal Wedding.  What do we football fans get from England in the early morning hours?  The Jaguars.  Every.  Year.  An unacceptable quality disparity.
Older men who are standing outside the hardware store in the minutes before it opens at 8 am just radiate the sense of "I know exactly what I'm doing today.  Out of my way."
From Santa Fe, TX and KTRK-TV. https://t.co/N38XQM1xM7
Watching the live coverage of @abc13houston from the Santa Fe (TX) school shooting.  We also saw this high level of quality reporting during the hurricanes.  They're responsible reporters, honorable in what they do.  They make me proud to be in a journalist.
I just want Reggie Jackson to make an appearance at the wedding.  #ItsEnricoPalazzo
When an #AMNewser wakes up at 1:59 a.m. and realizes he or she forgot to set that first alarm for 2 a.m. (or ANY of the four alarms thru 2:30 a.m.), it is going to be perfect day. Whew.
The perfect Iowa night.  See you at 4:30 am on @KCRG. https://t.co/hWlbVDxjXO
When I was a kid, "Big Log" by Robert Plant was that one video that started at the gas station in the desert and took forever to get through.  Now at 43, I realize that song is an absolute masterpiece.
Finished the Cowboys All or Nothing on Prime.  Great watch.  Holy dysfunction.  More respect for Jones family (although the men swear a lot in front of kids -- the dad in me).  Unsure about their on-field leadership and skill positions.
Good morning.  Another superb day outside - highs in the mid-80s, according to @Kaj_OMara.  Curious story from @theshinebloom on Dubuque/Dbq Co surveillance cameras.  Watch the UV today - on Bottle #3 of sunscreen so far in 2018.  @NicoleAgee and I are here til 7. @KCRG
TV News Cliches: "Storm-battered".  Anyone ever say this in real life?  "Beer-battered" I have used in real life.  Never "storm-battered".
TV News Cliche Watch: "facing backlash".  Just heard that a country may be "facing backlash".  How is that even possible?  Wouldn't one have to turn around for it to be "backlash"?  Otherwise, it's frontlash.  @TiredTVTerms
"Surfin USA" on as I roll in. Being 43, that means all I think of is Teen Wolf riding on top of a van in the streets of that forlorn town with his disapproving dad at the hardware store.
Just saw Tom Wolfe passed.  "The Right Stuff" became my favorite movie as a kid.  "Bonfire of the Vanities" became my favorite novel as a teen.  Writing still matters.
Wonderful having @MaddiePoppe in this morning for her "crazy busy" Tuesday all over Iowa now that she's in the Top 3 of Idol. https://t.co/oBqzGhTVjH
So if Illinois approves sports betting, how long until they tell the winners they can't pay out because of the state's finances?  I have this image of winners frantically cashing their slips at the final gun faster than a Belichick handshake.
In car commercials, where are these old bridges that these cars are constantly filmed on?  They always have great views of the city and never have any traffic.  I want to drive on those.
@glrush13 I don't think it will be "just casinos" for this.  I could see "sports only" places popping up just for this.  I think most states will make it too expensive, by offering lines that are -120 (Bet $12 to win $10) instead of the usual -110 ($11/$10).
SCOTUS rules federal ban on sports betting unconstitutional.  My take: Vegas will be fine (casinos make far more money on penny slots).  The new states that come in will likely set the "juice" (house edge) too high and serious players will avoid it anyway.
Lots of rain.  Plenty of lightning.  @Kaj_OMara says we will "walk these out".   Just be ready, especially if there's a dash of fog.  @KCRG until 7 a.m. https://t.co/jutuEPOnca
It's 1977.  A Martian comes down and says "Earthling, 41 years from now, there's a guy named Snoop Dogg who will be hosting The Jokers Wild.  And I'll be oddly captivating."
When I press the "locate remote" on the satellite box, I immediately turn into Lieutenant Dan leading his men outside of Da Nang and stopping at the hint of any sound.
If I ran a pizza shop and you wanted to medium 1-topping pizzas for $6.99, of course I'd let you put 2 toppings on one and the other just plain cheese.  It's the same amount of food.
The official start of meteorological summer for some of us. https://t.co/XLKSpJQRVU
"Harrington then threw a chicken at the worker, who ducked, police said."  Ducked.  Credit to Jeff Reinitz (@JeffAtCourier) on the Waterloo assault involving a frozen chicken.
Cedar Rapids apartment fire update: Investigators now say the 8-plex fire appears to be intentionally set.  https://t.co/hJLe7ybtSi
Still got those wheels.   20 seconds slower and I go out in a most ignoble manner. https://t.co/GQMQS5drDJ
At 43 (and now "and a half") years into this life, blasting "Don't Go Away Mad" by Motley Crue when running in the May sunshine of Iowa is always an instachoice.  #JustGoAway
@ChrisAStanford That's just a sliver of the good life, Chris.  Have an outstanding newscast this morning!
For any #AMNewser, when you're rolling in and you hear "Just a Friend" by Biz Markie, that's the equivalent of notching a birdie to open the round.
@SI_PeterKing gets my nod today as he steps back from SI.  Always generous with his time when I was a sports radio guy in Duluth.  Shared a panel with him in 2000 in Kentucky.  Cares about the writing and the future.
@kkwhb Superb story on the monologue.  Just heard it.
@MKdubss Oh yes.  The May book!
@MKdubss "SWIMSUIT"  Word of the day.  What can I win?!?
This is happening today.  The two-way on Second Ave SE in Cedar Rapids.  @KCRG until 7 am. https://t.co/Irdq5RDcbC
@CoachCollum94 That I did see.  On a VHS tape the day after it first aired.
An "ER" marathon from the first seasons always lures me in.  Everyone else my age watched it in 1996.  My Thursday nights then were spent covering sports at newspapers and TV stations -- it's like ER is new to me.
The trade deficit for 2018 could have been paid off by running the Celtics and the points all week.
The people who run the Derby should push Kentucky taxpayers for a retractable roof or they'll move the Derby to Los Angeles, Vegas or the sports franchise boogeyman called "Northern Virginia".
With each May, Bob Baffert looks more and more like Dr. Brown from Back to the Future.
As Saturday gets better. https://t.co/fRrH26yBxD
Finally.  A beautiful night here in Cedar Rapids. https://t.co/Hk8dkisB7z
@coachkeas @KCRG What can I say?  It was a long night.
Promotion idea for Royals.   Win or Get Paid.   Parking is $15.   If they lose &amp; you stay til the end of the game, you get $10 back.  Think about it.  When they're down 8-2 late, fans will stay &amp; may buy more concessions.  If KC rallies &amp; wins, they get nothing.
Yup.  Something is coming.  On my run right now.  Air feels 10 degrees colder in the last 10 minutes.  @KCRG_FirstAlert is on it.  Also get the weather app.  @KCRG https://t.co/1T0QIXKrYy
So thrilled for my good friend @CoachJuckem on moving to @WUSTL in St. Louis as men's basketball coach.  He won at Coe, UW-Oshkosh and now joins an elite Division III program with excellent tradition and academics.
Good morning on this Thursday.  A warning for tonight -- be ready for major storms, including possibility of tornadoes.  @Kaj_OMara is on it.  Come over to join @NicoleAgee and me on KCRG-TV9 from now until 7 a.m.
Oh like none of you other #AMNewsers across the country don't see this as a viable meal replacement at 4:30 in the morning. https://t.co/4LXAZ4hqi8
Update on the overnight Iowa House/Senate Votes on the Heartbeat Bill:  House 51-46 'YES' (Eastern Iowa Republican 'NO' Votes: Hein, Zumbach, McKean).  Senate 29-17 'YES'.  No Democrats in either chamber voted 'YES'.  Major story all day.  @KCRG starting at 4:30 a.m.
One way to make downtown Cedar Rapids appear busier. https://t.co/je1Y85WtGy
@JessRundlett Thanks!  Yup - got a kid in it.
@EricHansonKCCI  inspiring for the last mile of a rare lunchtime run... in Des Moines. https://t.co/PsOHiTrgiS
@NicoleAgee @KCRG @justingehrts @AliciaTKCRG @theshinebloom Apparently not.  "Never" is a strong word.  I'll try and match your enthusiasm.  Or at least get to about 60% of it.
@cmueller1662 Solid road win out there!
If you can text and drive, you can just as easily use that turn signal, Young Guy in that Mercury Sable.
A lazy Sunday full of sunshine is one thing.  Come across "There's Something About Mary" and it becomes an elite Sunday pretty fast.
Excited to watch @cmueller1662 and Orlando City today.  Go Wisconsin.  #mls
A lot of people in the 702 are displeased that the Cavs didn't at least get a hand in the face those last six seconds.  Ouch.
Keep hydrating, @runcrandic runners.  I wish I could be sweating in the relentless sun alongside you all.  My 43-year-old knees aren't having it in 2018.  Impressed with the interest in this race - far exceeding expectations!
Royals are now bowl eligible with that sixth victory.  Should be a good matchup against Texas Tech or Arizona when they meet up next month in Shreveport.
Marv Albert got himself a bottle of MY hair color.  Good choice.
The Royals have caught and passed the Reds at 5-20.  Control destiny now.  No more scoreboard watching.  I'm rooting for 44-118 so that the 2018 Royals will get the hashtag #44everRoyal
@MorningNeurosis Still of the night.
Good morning.  Dubuque PD tells @KCRG the Julien Dubuque Bridge may be closed for several hours due to a crash.  Add 15 minutes to take 35 &amp; 61-151 bridge between the two now,
URGENT (in Dubuque/East Dubuque): The Julian Dubuque Bridge is closed due to a crash.  Add about 15 minutes to get across by taking the 151 bridge in Wisconsin to get across.  @KCRG
And safe travels to @Ginger_Zee, one of the busiest and best in the business.  Thanks for comin' by! https://t.co/jctJRfCrYe
Got a letter in the mail yesterday from one of the local hospitals/clinics.  For a weight loss program.  Okay... I must ask how does one get on THIS mailing list?!?
@Soulcoffr It is so all clear.
Some of the best advice I ever got was when I was just 8.  Whenever Der Kommissar is in town, don't even think of turning around.
Random:  Ed Harris is stupendously superb is Kodachrome.  On Netflix. Worth your time.
The word "waffle" (or any form of it) has never left me disappointed. Waffle cones.  Waffle fries.  Waffling politicians are good for news content.
@KristineLeahy Congrats!  You've always been a solid part of the show on FOX.
So proud and thrilled for @joshshiney and the @KCRG News Team for winning a Murrow on the investigation into seclusion rooms in elementary schools.  Investigative journalism is a cornerstone of quality television news.  Well done.
Middle-aged #AMNewser Life.  Once "Fly to the Angels" by Slaughter on #HairNation ends, THEN I will go inside and start reworking the scripts for 4:30.  Not a nanosecond before.
Always in our hearts, LoCain. https://t.co/brMvZn7Y8d
I hope the standing ovation for Lorenzo Cain lasts five minutes when he comes back to KC with the Brewers.  Always a superb ambassador for winning.  @Royals couldn't have done it without you, LoCain.
Good morning!  Enjoy temps at 74 and clear.  @joshshiney with an i9 special report on sexual harassment claims in Iowa.  One busy student at North Cedar from @NicoleAgee.  My contribution:  An intense craving for a breakfast burrito today.  With hash browns inside.   @KCRG
@Kurt13Warner will be in Cedar Rapids with Habitat for Humanity.  Do it, Kurt -- wear the gold Hall of Fame Jacket when you're hammering nails.  We all want to see that.
Congratulations to my colleagues at @KCRG for a stellar night at #IBNA2018 in Cedar Rapids.   It doesn't make the work any better but the recognition reveals a news team that cares about a quality product every time out. https://t.co/gJsDNfEeao
@TV6AsstND @kwqcnews Congrats!
If Portland put as much effort into switching in time and helping on D as they do on letting the ball roll when the clock is stopped, they'd be up 17.
Portland-New Orleans is quite entertaining with its YMCA-noonball defense.
Royals need to focus on what's important in 2018 and keep the long term in mind.  The Reds will, eventually, win more games.  Keep the pace, KC, and that top pick will be all ours.
@jazayerli My first job we had the raw as well of it.  People takin' advantage of the situation. (Paraphrasing here.)
@klyles9 Kare, I knew your dad a little when he was at UW.  Great guy.  Tell him hello from Iowa.  You're only your age once -- a time of possibilities.  Maximize these years.  I'll be rooting whenever you go next.
For the #AMNewser who loves watching NBA Playoffs, these 4 PM Pacific time tip-offs are the deal.  I envy 10 am NFL kickoffs and all these early times.
@nate_bukaty Odd question -- you doing voiceover work at the Cedar Rapids airport?  I'm serious.  It's like I'm hearing your voice telling me not to park in the white zone.
Yes, watch The Identity Theft of Mitch Mustain if you like college football.  A desperate coach who took a package deal to keep his job. An intense fan base split that really hasn't recovered in 12 years.  A teenager caught in the middle of a state's meltdown.
TV News Cliche Watch: When playing the "sparking outrage" cliche (No. 17 on my TV Cliche list) on a story, do try and make sure that isn't within 15 seconds of a story about a major fire.
LOTS of school cancellations already for our northern counties, especially along U.S. 20 and north.  Watching for golf-ball sized hail from Hampton east.  Look out.  @KCRG  https://t.co/CSoNZQeqLO
This is the essence of what to know this morning, from @Kaj_OMara. https://t.co/UbmWOaUcfE
This includes Lindale (Cedar Rapids), Coralville (Coral Ridge) and Dubuque (Kennedy Mall). https://t.co/h9Rr0ERHND
RIP Harry Anderson.  The magician-turned-actor who made me laugh a whole lot of Thursday nights as a kid.
TV News Cliche Alert: I will never speak of a "roundtable discussion" unless I actually see the table.  Tables that are, instead, square, rectangular, hexagon, pentagon, even oval, could lead to accusations of "FAKE NEWS".
This.  Make someone's day.   https://t.co/lk3YIkJikj
On Royals/parking.  The $15 parking they collect should have been given back - straight cash - as people left.  On weekends, Royals have lots of fans (like us) who come from a long distance.  That's PR 101.  Now those people will only remember paying $15 &amp; getting nothing.
Excited for @SportingKC on ESPN.  Go SKC.   Worried about Vermes and his flawless suit in the wet weather.
Bucks are befuddling the Celtics with the complex, groundbreaking, innovative "drive and kick out" offense.  Milwaukee has more uncontested 3s than a game of Uno.
@JerryGallagher Just like Jerry drew it up.
That three at the buzzer didn't end the game but now the game itself will be over.
I am confident that @JerryGallagher will lead the Bucks to the second round. https://t.co/Q9iEZgwhug
I understand the @Royals need to collect parking money to pay $72M for a left fielder hitting .201 but they should refund it on rainouts - not make it good for a future game.  Some fans come to one game a year.  They ate the ticket - don't make them eat the parking, too.
Lukewarm Take Alert.  Seventeen minutes into Bucks-Celtics.  The commish should step in and make this Best of 3.  Not good basketball.
@coreysfrost Corey, superb doc.  I've watched all Cards, Rams and now halfway thru Michigan. Supreme access and storytelling.
@pfurs I'm coming into this 35 years after the fact, but I've yet to hear a Psychedelic Furs song that was anything but good.  Thank Ch 33 on Sirius.
A snowy and cold weekend means binge-watching the All or Nothing on Amazon.  One issue -- Michigan can have cameras follow four players around for a commercial project but we can't have NCAA Football video games anymore?
The Royals' have a reliever who looks like Henry Lee Summer.  #EmbraceTheRebuild
@LieblLI In about 20 games, he'll be the only one left at the K.
@RJinVegas @stevecofield As a "Cedar Rapids guy", I felt like you were speaking to me this morning as I'm making pancakes.  Hilarious.  Good show.
@Super70sSports Love how Tiny is looking off into the distance, like he's posing on the frontier.  Kemper was brand-new in this pic.  Kings went 44-38 and made playoffs that year -- only time in their first six years in KC they did.  Wedman was a rookie.  Jimmy Walker looked tough.
Good morning here on this Friday.  For this weekend, here is what's possible: large hail, tornadoes, 2" of rain, snow, a 40-degree plunge.  Come on over to @KCRG from now until 7 a.m.
Question for mall/retail developers.  Why are the parking entrances set up like the blue boards on Ms. Pacman?  Both are very 1982.
The Cuban Missile Crisis lasted 13 days.  Apollo 11 took three days to reach the moon.  The NBA Playoffs will take two months - with far less suspense.
@afreeman86 Thanks for coming to Eastern Iowa yesterday on the tour.  Took me back 20 years to see the video.  Enjoyed covering your journey in GB as a rookie reporter - when we were both younger men.  Stay well.
The attitude of Charlie from Willy Wonka and the confidence of Kelly Leak from Bad News Bears is about all one really needs to get to age 15.
Surprised that Willy Wonka's behavior on the tour didn't cause the breakup of NATO in 1971.
Watching original Willy Wonka right now.  Gave me the view that both sets of grandparents sharing the same tiny bedroom and smoking in bed was perfectly normal.
In the life of a middle-aged #AMNewser anchor who gets up at 2 am to go to work, I cannot underestimate the value of listening to Billy Ocean for writing inspiration for the last hour of the workday.
@tedkoehler68 Each Tuesday, we have an 11 a.m. dietitian segments where we touch on all sorts of food (many from around here) and, yes, we've had real dairy.  Each month on a Tuesday morning at 6 am,, Rachel comes in and today it was soy products.  - Chris
@tedkoehler68 Good morning, Ted.  Thanks for the follow.  Don't recall saying "milk" instead of "soy milk".  Perhaps I did -- inadvertent in the course of ad-libbing.
The warmup is finally coming.  Not all the way today as @Kaj_OMara called it "the climb".  "There's always going to be another mountain..." is now stuck in my head.  Thanks, Kaj.  @KCRG until 7 am.
@MaddiePoppe Thank you for being an outstanding rep from our corner of the world.
@the_mls @BigRed_STL @Cardinals Neil O'Donoghue also missed three field goals in the Oilers loss.  They cut him after the game.
Hearing Verne Lundquist's voice makes the world better.
Not a frequent golf watcher.  For the final round of The Masters, I'm rooting for all the Dadbods in the leaderboard.  Go fellow Dadbods.
RT @UMDBulldogs: Ladies and Gentlemen, your 2018 NCAA Champions! @UMDMensHockey 2, Notre Dame 1. #FrozenFour https://t.co/e6nZ4Ata1N
Minnesota-Duluth! https://t.co/n0nCwoDCd9
UMD wins another men's hockey title!  For @zschneiderKBJR, covering this is not a bad way to leave the biz.
"Let's Go Bulldogs..." #Duluth #SixWintersThatFeltLike29
@DavidJohnson31 @meghantjohnson Gotta say, David, your right arm looks like it could serve as a safety bar for any and all passengers better than the actual safety bar.  Keep making Eastern Iowa proud.  :)
As I hear "On The Loose" by Saga, I feel as if I should be in a montage of weightlifting, cross-training and sprints to take down Ivan Drago, the Cobra Kai, Shute or the Beavers' basketball nemesis in Teen Wolf.
I've been out of sports anchoring for 13 years.  Covered @UMDBulldogs when men's hockey was battling MI Tech for last place in the WCHA.  Scott Sandelin had them in the Frozen 4 by year 4.  Go win that second title!
Tip to living well:  If you have a somewhat common first name for a middle-age guy like I do, go with "Alfonso" for carry out orders.  They'll never get mixed up.
The reason John Waite's girl left him in "Missing You" is because he used the word 'ain't' too often in front of her friends.
@FullerM Totally governor's race.
The #AMNewser anchor lifestyle.  When you have a full night of sleep, you leave "gubernatorial race" in the copy.  When you could use a little more sleep, you rework it to "governor's race".  Fewer curves in the road.
Take a moment.  Think about 50 years ago today for a few minutes.  Memphis.  A movement changed.  History changed.   The legacy remains.
Given the national workplace climate, I will refrain from "National Hug a Newsperson Day" on two fronts.  A) who would hug me anyway?!?  B) I know an HR trap when I see it.
So "Roseanne" is Back, leading to a flurry of "what if?" relaunches.  Larry from Three's Company is still with us.  Put Larry - selling used cars - with Janet &amp; Chrissy in The Villages in Florida.  This would work.
Good morning on this Wednesday.  Wind chills at 0.  Yikes.  China announces $50B in tariffs, including soybeans.  Could have major impact here in Iowa. @KCRG until 7 am.
@kayquinn Thanks to you and Art for being spectacular at what you do.  Grew up watching you both.
@schaef03 @awfulannouncing "isn't one valuable consumer"?  Not all markets, definitely not all stations.
@jazayerli I'm enjoying the reverse magic number.  KC is at 97 in the race to be the first to 100 losses.  Is it even mathematically possible for three teams in one division to lose 100?
RT @jazayerli: Every Villanova NCAA Basketball championship has been either preceded or followed by a Royals championship. Sorry, rest of b…
The 2018 Royals are the baseball version of the last season of L.A. Law.
Amazing finish for ND-Miss State.  Last sequence leading up to the shot was a rugby scrum.
Excited to see if the new ESPN morning show will work.  If it does, a wave of imitators will offer their own version of hours of cold/lukewarm/predictable takes.
Easter Brunch Deep Thoughts.  When there's an omelet station, I would feel bad about asking that person to make me an omelet. "The 47 items here aren't enough.  I need you to also cook me something with green peppers and andouille sausage to be fully full."
Royals postponed for "bitter cold/snow accumulation" in Kansas City.  Cut the season to 140 games.  April 15 to September 15.  Add one more layer to playoffs.  Regular season will matter more.
@MrClarkFMSMath Only if Minnesota is wearing purple and white like in Blades.
Remember Double Dribble for the original Nintendo back in 1987?   Villanova is the team that went from right to left and never missed from three.
So who will announce a new basketball coach in 25 minutes?
@ChrisDuerr Every sentence sounds likes it is about three seconds from a horrific belch.
For the legacy of the hard-fought forfeited wins of the 1990s, Michigan needs to be smart.
Michigan offense looks like a game of 21.
How does Beilein not brandish his coaching stool like it's a trident whenever his guys start to square up for a three?
RT @darrenrovell: Three years ago tomorrow, Loyola won the CBI, a pay-for play postseason tournament in which the school was asked to pay $…
On offense, the Michigan players are looking at each other confused -- like middle schoolers who just got caught smokin in the boys room.
If you're playing basketball in a stadium and you're missing threes, shooting more of them isn't the answer.  If I eat 12 zingers and get sick... The answer isn't more zingers.
We all have to root for Michigan.  That means more money comes to the Big Ten -&gt; more money for the BTN -&gt; lower cable and satellite bills.  Oh wait - what am I thinking?  Never mind.
MVC athletic directors are watching this &amp; already spending the NCAA money if Loyola wins.  Meanwhile, Wichita State doesn't get the check anymore and now has very high overhead.
Michigan football is SO upset at this.  "WE are the ones who don't meet expectations when it counts!!!  Now get out there and play to your potential!"
Does Michigan think that, today only, threes are worth 11 points?  It was in the 1990 Rock n Jock MTV Basketball game.   That guy from Skid Row was like Klay Thompson that day.
If Loyola could shoot from in close, they'd be up 16.
Michigan will shoot themselves out of this.  They're playing 13-seed basketball.
At least Michigan noticed that Loyola runs that back door cut off a pick and roll nearly every time.
One thing I won't miss about this year's tournament - the ad for a satellite company that shows domestic violence as empowerment.
If the NCAA is using Google Cloud to find answers like "sock height" and "wingspan", how about "who is paying players?" or "who is hiring the dads of future lottery picks as assistant coaches?"
As my evening unexpectedly got a little bit better. https://t.co/iGa4KuH8sa
2018 may be a long year.  A lost year.  I do believe in the rebuild. https://t.co/NUELmb0jh1
Good morning on this Good Friday.  Make this a wonderful weekend, friends.  Come on over to @KCRG until 7.  Get caught up.
@TomHansensports @zschneiderKBJR Thanks, Tom.  The game has changed so much the last decade.  From volume of TV content (what we did) to getting the info out on social (where @zschneiderKBJR thrived).  Always felt up to date from his Twitter.
@jazayerli I was at Wrigley on the Tuffy Rhodes day.  Gooden got the hook before the fourth at bat.  One of my greatest disappointments of 1994.
I confess that I'm not terribly optimistic about the 2018 Royals season.  I do hope KC fans give a standing ovation to James Shields when he takes the mound for the ChiSox.  Any 2014/2015 Royals deserve lifetime standing ovations at the K.
How is there not a Wonder Years re-launch?  They're all still alive.  It's 1998 - Kevin's in Seattle, playing guitar while his best friend Paul runs Microsoft as they freak out about Y2K.  Kevin's dad yelling at him on AOL dial-up.  How can this not work?
A "congrats" to @zschneiderKBJR on his next stage outside of TV news.  Zach did a superb job of covering local sports in Duluth/Superior market.  Take a bow - well done.
For any #amnewsers finding off an extra yawn or two this morning, just put on the karaoke version of Air Supply's "Lost in Love" in your newsroom and start croonin'.  Spirits will lift.
@C_Ammo I won't give you money back but I have some mint Joey Meyer 1988 rookie cards.  One day they'll be worth a fortune.
A tip for any news anchor in Iowa.  Always slow down when you see "North Fork Maquoketa" on a script.
Good morning on this Tuesday.  Do watch out for fog/low visibility this morning on your drive.  A warmup is here (highs around 43), much warmer tomorrow.  Savor it.  @KCRG until 7 am.
Happy 100th to one of the late, great sports orators of our time. https://t.co/XSy2CC98Zy
Or "nickels" for those who appreciate proper spelling.  I should be fined a sum of three nickels for that transgression... even for that Rockford toll on I-39 in 1993 when I was driving home from college.
On Iowa Tolls on I-80.  Keep your nickles in your pocket.  Cathy Cutler from the DOT office in CR tells me the DOT "discussed the results of the study and determined it would not recommend or pursue tolling on I-80 and is *not* doing any further study of tolling."  @KCRG
We've seen a lot of bad basketball in the tourney.  Duke-Kansas proved that when top talent is actually engaged in winning and not just NBA Draft stock, it can create a masterpiece.   Sometimes the traditional powers offer the best show.
And to all a good night.  See you at 4:30 am on @KCRG.  Or really anytime you like until 7.   Or 11 am. Or 11:30.   You get the idea. https://t.co/daUjF0fQTU
Unreal.  I thought this was the worst Kansas team in 15 years about three months ago.   Like 1988 and 1991, this team breaks through.
I hope I live long enough to see a day where a $5.99 pizza actually looks as advertised. https://t.co/R9og4AfWC4
Twitter won't let me say "The Florida State coach thinks this game is over" as I did two hours ago in the last game.
Love the ad where the Duke, UNC and Miami fans are debating wings or subs.  Largely because they don't have a team to watch anymore.
Kansas won't shoot the ball against the zone when they catch it 10 foot out.  Missed opportunities.
The Kansas rebounding situation worries me at this stage.
Playing the NW Mutual music underneath the Bill Self interview didn't make me feel better about Kansas' chances.
The Florida State coach thinks this game is over.
Just please, Kansas, not the cursed red uniforms from 1986. https://t.co/XOwvIex7TL
@CycloneLizr The element of gravity-based domestic violence does concern me a little within it.
Every time I see the satellite provider where the woman is throwing the man's possessions at him from a second-floor window, more and more he is making the right decision.
While I do appreciate fewer cringe-worthy ads for men's "health issues" during this year's tourney, the Stormy Daniels promos for 60 Minutes provide a chill around the globe for families just watching basketball.
@darvinhamhoops Of course, I had to look up "the dunk".  Yet on reading up on your work, thank you for using basketball for the greater good around the world.
https://t.co/q7Amlz6qaP via @youtube. Tech could totally use that Darvin Ham Dunk right about now.  25 years ago, this would have broken dial-up Twitter.
Jay Wright is one of the few college basketball coaches that makes me envious of his suit game.  One of the few.  The very few.
In 1986, Kansas lost to Duke in the Final Four, a defeat that scarred the 11-year-old me -- even past 1988's title.  Now they're back.  Duke is superb in Elite 8.  The KU coach is 2-7 in the Elite 8, a record only considered "good" by Kansas football.
Florida State did almost everything wrong the last two minutes except for shoot at the wrong basket.  And their mistakes nearly won it.
Today has not exactly been 1991 UNLV-Duke.
The quality of these two Elite 8 games are not advancing the argument to pay college athletes.
I was three years out of Wisconsin when they made the Final Four in 2000.  Feels very similar watching Loyola.  Congrats Ramblers!
Apollo Creed's trainer needs to find that towel right about now.  There's no easy way out.
Watching this, Kentucky must feel like the guy who lost his prom date to the most awkward dude in school.
If Loyola wins this, UNI will get enough MVC money to add men's soccer and women's rowing for a couple years.  That or give a sliver back to the state general fund.
Likely the only time in K-State history that they make the Elite 8 and, unless this changes, the fan base will want a new coach.
If I am a college basketball coach playing players and I'm sitting on the couch watching THIS game and not my team playing, I would feel about 11 levels of idiocy.
Want to sell me something?  Calling me "Gerald" doesn't help.  I prefer "Jerry". https://t.co/5wfJVhkjss
News directors in Topeka/Wichita have already downed enough Ibuprofen to mellow out a leopard.  Balancing favoritism over K-State or KU coverage AND trying to figure out how to budget for this.
I cannot quantify how awful snow in late March is to try and move.
@tmckernan - out snowblowing all morning &amp; listened to your interview with @mikebushksdk.  Superb stories from that era in the business.  Thanks for making that task easier.
Did Krzyzewski lose a bet?  He's gone from his usual demeanor into a worked up AAU coach.
Kansas wins.. and again leaves their supporters a little lighter in the wallet with their endgame nap.
Are these guys middle schoolers?  When leading in the last minute... Don't foul.  Don't foul. Don't foul.
Run an offense, Kansas.  This isn't 1986 with a :45 shot clock to melt the game away.
Not convinced Grant Hill is actually there.  His analysis sounds like the voice track from an EA Sports college basketball game.
Be ready. @KCRG_FirstAlert and @Kaj_OMara are on it.  Looking at rain until the later afternoon and early evening.  Wet, thick snow is coming tonight.  Come on over to @KCRG until 7 am. https://t.co/Ma5ZpbzCCL
Just imagine how good Kansas State would be if they took the novel approach of hiring the dad of future NBA lottery picks as assistant coaches.
@JustinSurrency Of course, that means Medved would have just sat out his transfer season from Furman to be eligible to coach Drake in 2018-19.
Who would have thought that Loyola would replace Wichita State in the Valley, only with a charming coach?
The 1972 Minnesota Gophers see nothing wrong with that last Nevada foul.
With Loyola making the Elite Eight, more $$$ for the Valley schools.
The whole final minute I've been saying "Nevada, get to six fouls, you'll need to get them on the line when you trail."  Again.  Math.
Down 1.  Need a stop.  What's the one thing Nevada can't give up?  A "three".  STEM classes.
Nevada, Nevada.  Math.  Down 1 - no need for wild threes.
A person comprehends reaching a certain age when a sneeze causes one to throw out his or her back.  Ouch.
I win today.  "Occupied" Season 2 is on Netflix.  The Norwegian House of Cards. #Akkurat
@KVUE (ABC in Austin, TX) reports the suspect in the deadly Austin area bombings is dead after a confrontation with police on I-35 in Round Rock, TX (north of Austin) this morning.  Updates all morning on @KCRG until 7 am and @GMA after.
Commercial I see:  If I'm mowing on a hot day and my whiny teenage daughter demands, "Dad! Will you drive me to Jessica's house?!?", the last thing I'm doing is moving earth to make a pool to keep her happy.
@benbrustkern I'm the other way.  Go back to :35.  This way offenses have a little more to get into a set.  For good teams it won't affect them as much.
Great finishes the last four days mask the horrendous quality of most of the games.   I think making the shot clock :30 actually hurts scoring.  Too many teams freeze movement at :15 and try and score on :05 and it leads to shots out of rhythm.
Never thought I'd say it.  Next time Defense Secretary opens up, Jim Boeheim better be on the short list.
This is at 40th St SE and Soutter Court - three blocks north of Mount Vernon Road SE.  Heavy police presence. https://t.co/Iu26Ngd6X4
Congrats to Oshkosh and my friend Pat Juckem - @UWOCoachJuckem.  Almost got the D3 title.  So proud of you. https://t.co/oIV5VdW58R
Good gravy, Cincinnati.  This is why we have to hire a sitter for you when Mom and Dad go out for dinner.
When I see Kansas State playing UMBC, I immediately thought it was the Cats' typical non-con football opener.
Texas A&amp;M is odd.  They should just come out tomorrow and say, "We're officially a basketball school now.  No sense being the Vols of the SEC West anymore in football."
Tom Izzo always wears the sharpest ties.
Syracuse Time.  Ready for the Orange to give me the basketball version of two boxing kangaroos.  In the mud.  Blindfolded.
@clubtrillion @tatefrazier A note on how complete and solid I find your OSM podcast.  Esp liked the programs that should be better a few months back. Keep it up!
With Loyola winning over Tennessee, that means the Sweet 16 tourney money goes to UNI &amp; the Valley instead of the next Vols' football coach buyout in 2021.
Ohio State is getting Kinnick'd
I can relate to Calipari during his halftime interviews.  He has the same exasperated tone of voice describing his players as I do when I tell my teenage kids to do the dishes.
I've been on the "St. Francis side" of a few games coaching middle school girls' hoops.  It's no fun -- but once you accept the fate, you can find the little improvements for your own players.
This UConn game could be like those celebrity TV golf tournaments when Charles Barkley gets to 37 over par and they shut the score off.
UConn women already beating the number in the first half.  That number was -51.
Anyone can do play-by-play of a Super Bowl or Game 7 of the NBA Finals.  How many stories does a PbP person have to keep at the ready for a UConn women's game?  They're up 41 only 12 minutes in.
Now that a 16 has beaten a 1, the other piece of the March Miracle will be for Grant Hill to add something edgy to the broadcast.  Believe.
Glad to see I'm not the only one.  Watching UVA-UMBC in its entirety now.  Those Retreivers unis are way too close to the Beavers from Teen Wolf.  And I love it. https://t.co/sgEwAAzMQL
Now I don't feel so less-than-brilliant for picking Arizona to win it all.  I did have Virginia losing this weekend - to Kansas State and not UMBC.
Nap time.  I'll get up in two hours to watch Mizzou.  I'm an #AMNewser.  Been up 17 hours already.
Congrats, @UWOCoachJuckem. https://t.co/8YlEnXVqVs
Anyone who remembers Eric Musselman's old man - possibly the most intense successful basketball coach ever - his post-game words weren't surprising.
That's right.  Go UW-Oshkosh in the Final Four.  Tipoff at 4 pm for my buddy @UWOCoachJuckem, former @CoeCollege men's basketball coach. https://t.co/j7b2wiQISy
Arkansas-Butler is proving a long-held theory.  It is SO hard to play with a 20-point lead early.  The urgency fades on offense.
Real simple, Marshall.  No fouls.  No Frankamp.
The FBI could finish its report by the time Marshall-Wichita State finally wraps.
Arkansas.  Another reason to move up the field from 64 to 68 a few years ago...
I don't know if Marshall has got this but Marshall &amp; 13.5 points definitely has got this.
Was so hoping McConaghey was going to show up at the Marshall game dressed up as a 1972 football coach.
Marshall's Elmore with a Kingsbury 3!
Marshall-Wichita is highly entertaining.  If Herd could get ONE offensive rebound, they could win.  That and guard Frankamp and keep Morris off the block. These Shockers aren't the Van Vleet/Baker Shockers.
@ibcrazy1 I don't think anyone is really happy with it.  Moose is underpaid and it delays the total rebuild.  Good player but his era with the team ended quick.  They won on speed.  Not solo homers.
Marshall is getting the 2002 Sacramento Game Six treatment.  Yikes.
What kind of T was that?  Marshall for hanging on the rim??  He already was punished for missing a dunk -- the reason he missed it was because he didn't let go.
Arizona has never worked out for me.  Ever.  You think I'd be smarter.  I write them in for the Final Four/win it all, they lose early.  Need Kansas to beat them... and they win.  U of A men's basketball is my March nemesis.
I wake up to find my national championship pick gets run out by Buffalo.  By 25 or so points.  There should be an investigation into this.  Oh wait. #BearDown
All things considered, love watching Calipari operate.  No pretense.  Just try and win.
Kentucky is dragging this out in a more grueling and needless fashion that the guy who insists on singing "American Pie" at a karaoke joint.  Quit fouling.  Guard the perimeter.
Lots of pacing for my guys at the @southpointlv over Big Blue trying to close this out by a few points.
Having flashbacks to coaching sixth-grade basketball as I watch Kentucky fouling and giving up open threes with a lead.
I appreciate the joy the Davidson coach has in the battle with Kentucky.  Especially as he reminds me of Frank Drebin.  Or was it Enrico Palazzo?
This is one of two nights a year that I really don't care to battle House Hunters International every 30 minutes for space on my DVR.
Regardless of whomever is coaching Stephen F. Austin each March, their coach looks like he is absolutely convinced he's going to sell me a car that day before I leave the lot.
Radford-Nova has descended into a glorified game of 21.  This is proof that 68 teams are too many.
How many timeouts do they need to say "let Miami catch it!"
Loyola overcame a horrendous non-call. Biggest win since 1985.
@BAndersonPxP @realchriswebber @LisaByington @marchmadness Brian has the smoothest voice in the business.  Makes me jealous.
Billy Ocean is in an Applebee's spot.  Eddie Money did GEICO a few years ago.  Both should be in the Rock n Roll Hall of Fame.
@raej Exactly.  Stretches sports thin.  When Iowa teams used to get in, I would anchor sports during this week.  Always a fun break.
@BenRossSports @SethDavisHoops That was close.  Too close on that last three.
News directors in that Greensboro market now sweating the cost of keeping their sports guys in a hotel for two more nights if UNCG pulls this off.
I feel the need to speak out about how this is a real game changer.  This completely destroys the status quo.  Join the conversation... https://t.co/M6OrUzcnF4
Heard there is a conference for Lieutenant Governors.  Imagining the happy hour reception when one of them answers a text.  "Gotta run, fellas.  Have to go stand behind my governor at a ground-breaking."  The others nod in understanding.
This is the day #AMNewsers rejoice.  We all wake up at 1 or 2 am to get ready for work.  But today and tomorrow, we get to watch basketball.  And not act like we're working.
Fire crews tell TV-9 that three people are in critical condition (1 adult, 2 children).  @KCRG https://t.co/7hRgwQqyWC
So long to the 2017-18 Nebraska men's basketball team.  The darlings of the point-spread all winter.  Didn't always win but they almost always beat the expectations.
Ready for @Kaj_OMara to knock me off WeatherWise today.  I'm on 9 in a row.  Even took three vacation days to rest up and be ready for 10 in a row.  @KCRG
Bold approach by LIU-Brooklyn early.  We can't get hit from the outside.  So let's keep shooting 'em!
That ad for the satellite company where she's throwing her ex-man's possessions out the window at him on the sidewalk is a touch violent.
Just getting around to the OJ interview from 2006 that finally aired.  I'm most impressed to see they found a use for the old set of The Weakest Link for the interview.
Amused by basketball coaches who gripe about where they get sent in the NCAA tournament.  They're always quick to fly to Maui or the Bahamas for some November tourney in front of 79 fans three weeks before semester finals.
Congrats to my good friend @UWOCoachJuckem and his UW-Oshkosh Titans for making the Division III Final Four!  Proud of you and how you've built a powerhouse.
A&amp;M just got themselves Edney'd.
TV News Cliche Watch: Movers and Shakers.  Why is it never Shakers and Movers?  Wouldn't It make more sense to shake first and then move to a new place to shake?
If you're in a dogfight with Pitt, you're better off losing today and having another day of practice.
@cenglish23 Carl, great to see that you're still playing -- always enjoyed watching you play for those superb Warriors squads at UH.  Stay well!
Pellets.  Nothing but pellets. @KCRG_FirstAlert https://t.co/iKOqothgn2
Considering the off-season moves, between the Chiefs, Royals and Sporting KC, I'm uncertain who will score more points/runs/goals.
Yes for MLS opener today.  Ready to watch @SportingKC tonight.  Yes, I'm a relatively new MLS fan and into it from our son and his goalie exploits but ready to watch and observe more.
Whenever a college basketball coach says that his players "have done it the right way", that's code for "the FBI doesn't have any evidence of us shelling out stacks and stacks of cash for them... yet."
Loyola (IL) hasn't been to the tournament since 1984-85.  That's a UMKC-level dry spell.
4:30 am is just about here.  Come over to @KCRG for First News.  Appears we will be competing with an infomercial for BetterBladder.  C'mon, Eastern Iowa, let's win this!
@ToddBrommelkamp However, Lucas Duda will get a standing ovation at the home opener like he is 1980 George Brett.
Um... yeah... If you could get those TPS reports together, that would be great. https://t.co/P8MIv2hfr8
Proud of your battle last night, CR Kennedy Cougars, in the 49-40 loss to IC West in 4A for boys' basketball.  @FacksonJoley - be proud of your career with the program &amp; everything you gave.
Iowa-Illinois in today's 12-13 Big Ten men's game elicits about the same reaction from me as getting dealt a 12 or a 13 in blackjack.
A good day for the state we've called home for ten years.  https://t.co/PteuE40ZzK
@FearTheWaveBlog The classic look.  I gotta pick up a light blue one.
@MrsHullabaloo @FearTheWaveBlog Short of Powerball winnings, I got nothing to cover a, what, $600,000 a year expense that would bring in $275 of revenue.
For my Tulane friends, @FearTheWaveBlog, a Green Wave Sunday for the first running in shorts for 2018.   Need a men's soccer team out of your athletic department. :) https://t.co/wcXeCqEdfc
I've been tough on Kansas this year.  Sluggish at times.  No apparent interest in defense at times.  But they battled through and won the Big XII.  Again. 14 straight.
"Ayyyyyyy!"  Enjoyed the trip to Monticello to meet The Fonz -- although I really liked Henry Winkler in Royal Pains and even the epic Night Shift. https://t.co/iG7UdhZbWv
What in Tim Horton's name is going on in this Germany-Canada game?
Random:  playing off @theshinebloom's story today, on my bucket list would be to rebuild the original Family Feud set (sky blue carpet and those famous steps) in my garage -- with microphones, that big board and a live studio audience.
Urgent.  No school in Dubuque today -- just came out from the district. https://t.co/7RiAX4pI80
A sign of the #AMNewser lifestyle:  When you notice you've gotten a swipe of strawberry Pop Tart frosting on your car's radio touch screen at 2:50 in the morning.
A sprinkling of school delays to open up this Tuesday morning.  https://t.co/CSoNZQeqLO
C'mon, Norway!  Close this out against Slovenia.  Akkarat!  Utmekert!  (The three semester I took of Norwegian in 94-95 finally oh off.)
An outstanding story from @AWongKCRG - give it a watch on https://t.co/SOP3m6pbmy for this week's "9 Who Care".  It's worth it.  https://t.co/JRnT5F8e5v
Wow.  @KCRG_FirstAlert https://t.co/zrwyfWuOjx
@mellinger Comparisons to Brett are different with Hosmer.  Hoz never hit .390 or was an MVP.  However, he engaged with the city like few athletes ever have.  He didn't constantly act rude to fans... just for sport.  That counts for something.
Thank you, Sam, for summing it up. https://t.co/eoae1QeJ31
From the former Sinclair site in Cedar  Rapids. https://t.co/C18zNPl6Ia
2012.  A Martian comes to earth. "Royals fans, a deal. How about two WS, win one, lose one on the last play.  In, 2018, you'll lose everyone except for a catcher and an aging outfielder. You'll go 63-99 that year.  Would you take it?"   We all would.  Be grateful.
@SamuelTracy You could bet that Soria contract on it.
Dismayed at some of the Royals' fans upset with Hosmer going to SD.  "You could have had a statue!", some write.  He still deserves one.  Glass, to his credit, spent wildly the last three years.  Attendance is trending down.  Rebuild time.
@mellinger I'll stick up for Hoz.  He gave all to KC while he was here.  Also, the Royals have made just about every incorrect move since the parade.  Life is about seasons.  It's a new season for him and for the Royals.  Appreciate all Hoz gave the team and the city.
I'm happy for Eric Hosmer - for "the triple", "the dash", honoring the firefighters, for being the ultimate team leader.  Whenever you retire, come back to McFadden's and let us all properly thank you!  #RoyalsForever @TheRealHos35
The only time the "wired" segment works during a basketball game is when the players look as disinterested as the LSU players do from their coach in the huddle.
@jasonlambkc @StagsBball @_JCRE_ Been a few years since I've heard that.  Oh, wait, that was about Acie Earl.  Not me.
@10NewsAarons Only downside is that, if Hosmer goes to SD, that'll be the equivalent for single guys there of Urban Meyer joining the Big Ten.  Everyone else will have to start doing better.
This "Hosmer to San Diego" wait is like when you'd collect 5 UPC symbols of Big League Chew and mail them in for a batting glove that would take 4-6 weeks to arrive in your mailbox.
Few things make my writing sharper for the 11 am newscast than watching some of the 2015 World Series -- especially when my boss can see the monitor... after all, he is a Mets fan.  #MurphysRule
@Victory_shriek @jerodmcdaniel I'll push back with this.  It isn't the music but it is Billy's stories where he is sitting at a piano, talking about how he crafted a certain song.  Those are fascinating.
Good morning on this Thursday.  Difficult day for so many, from the school killings in South Florida.  Now at 23 years in the business, I find these stories still hurt:  https://t.co/jRaKmiOk24
@DGQuoVadimus I think a little "police tell us the investigation is ongoing" is the perfect way to end this thread.
@DGQuoVadimus I'm up in arms you speaking out on this hot-button issue.
TV News Cliche Watch:  "Down to the wire...".  We are, largely, a wireless society now.  Does this mean we can erase "down to the wire" from the network newsfeed cliche lists?
@BillDallmanTV @komonews Congratulations on the move north!
Unexpected joy today as the legendary John Campbell finds a @WBAY report (1977?) of some high school kid named @KevinHarlan https://t.co/vKe1NLc6vc
@DonnaPitmanKMBC Like you, I see these stories way too often.  Now that I have two teenagers, every one of these rocks my core.
Good morning on this Wednesday - enjoy the snow melt, highs in the mid-40s.  Also a solid story from @theshinebloom on five men in Dubuque who meet for lunch on Tuesdays.  It's a good watch.  @KCRG until 7 a.m.
I'll never understand why my "Smart TV" doesn't have an ON/OFF button that is easy to locate.  I can see the design team... "And this will be revolutionary!"
Major developing story from today our I9 Team.  Latest details at 11 am on @KCRG.  https://t.co/jKVhse8qel
As I'm writing the brief obituary, of course I will include that he turned down the role of Johnny Fontane in "The Godfather", reportedly out of fear of provoking the real mob.
RIP Vic Damone.  Another legendary crooner passes.  He was 89.
Waiting for the one news anchor in the U.S. who will see "luge" in the TelePrompTer and the word that emerges is... "lugee".
Few things fire up a 43-year-old news anchor on the #AMnewser shift more than Songbird by Kenny G when applying makeup.  Although it can also offer a flashback to "Local Weather on the 8s" every ten minutes at Grandma's house.
Letterman/Clooney episode.  George talks of how, every Christmas, his dad (Cincy TV News Anchor Nick) would take one family with a rough year, buy them presents and have the family clean their house and give gifts.  Inspiring.
Watching an NBC station (outside of Iowa) with live reports from the Olympics.  No local angle.  The sound was overmodulated.  Next time, just set that travel money on fire.  Better video.
Developing story out of Dubuque this morning. https://t.co/EcCfYxSCdI
Lita Ford's "Kiss Me Deadly" is on.  As I glance at my daughter, I hope I'm not the "old man" that she has to borrow ten bucks from after that party last Saturday night.
At Ragababe in Maquoketa for a Made in Eastern Iowa shoot... how a little boy's rash and redness led to building a better (and brighter) diaper. https://t.co/L8VV1UWSkK
Snow coverage is live now.  @KCRG.  Come on over until noon.  Get caught up.  Be ready.
If the Royals were running the Eagles, they'd sign Foles for 17 years, stick him in left field well until his skills fully erode with age.
It feels SO good to be well enough where only my back hurts. :)
Welcome to Groggy #AMNewser Monday.  The day where every morning newser in the U.S. is working off 3-4 hours of sleep.
Dan Fouts and Dan Marino are each off the bed, muttering "Nick Foles" down their respective hallways.
I should have heeded the warning signs of Funny Belichick and Engaging Belichick all week
Can't tuck rule that one.
On radio, Kevin Harlan deserves better.  Boomer is a cliche machine.  Holmgren has the cadence of someone describing a hot dish recipe at a graduation party in Peshtigo.
If the Eagles win this, Nevada could plunge into recession overnight.  Unless everyone who had Philly to win or 49 or more points stays and spends their winnings there.
Nick Foles. Former Chief.
Don't chase points, Eagles.  Rookie move.
The 2017-18 Kansas basketball team has to be one of the most maddening outfits to ever root for.
Watching the end of the original Lethal Weapon.  No, Riggs and Murtaugh saw zero need for sensitivity training or body cameras.
On the reports of people stealing items from unlocked cars around here, I offer this response.  LOCK YOUR CARS.  If you can text, you can probably lock your car.
@DGQuoVadimus While more staffing was common, live shots were also hideously expensive and, to feed video, you had to make sure the formats worked (Beta, DVCPro, 3/4, M II, etc).  Good old days weren't always good.
@DGQuoVadimus In 1993, this was commonplace!!  Station in Madison I worked at in 1997 sent SEVEN people (plus a sat truck) for the Brewers' first game at Wrigley Field... 110 miles away.  With overnights.
Not to mention. Phil Connors would have been called up to HR and fired in EVERY day of Groundhog Day upon his return to Pittsburgh for harassing his producer.
"Groundhog Day" now wouldn't be nearly as funny.  The station would have sold the sat truck, kept the producer in house, photog would have left to shoot PR videos &amp; Phil Connors would have fallen into that pothole, tripping on his tripod before his two OMB live shots.
RIP to our @generalelectric dishwasher.  Only made it 2 1/2 years.  We hardly knew ye.  I've had law mower motor oil that has lasted longer.  But... I am a smarter consumer today on what to buy and what to avoid. https://t.co/ueBFcfSFO7
When you find a 20-year-old business card in a 21-year-old bag.  #ItsElectric #BadSportsCatchPhrases https://t.co/kwAvDvzUV9
When I was a kid, this sign either meant "you're almost home" or "better hold it, kid, you've got four hours of I-70 left, filled with some of the dirtiest gas station bathrooms in the free world. https://t.co/psai4ou3Ui
Finding that blasting Led Zeppelin while doing my errands right now is working better than anything I've taken in three days.
If I ever need surgery in Atlanta, don't take me to Chastain Park Hospital.  That chief of surgery will sell me out to buy another BMW.  #TheResident
I feel totality in my life at this very minute.  #SuperBlueBloodMoon
In 1866, Twitter stopped melting down over President Andrew Johnson's break with the Republicans long enough watch the last Super Blue Blood Moon.  You can watch yours for the next hour.  @KCRG
Heard "Just Got Lucky" from JoBoxers (1983) on the way into work.  First time I've heard it in, oh, 20+ years.  Oddly... I knew every word.  That's branding.
Is it safe to emerge from the bunker and back into Twitter now?
For all of the times I hear politicians talk about "working families", I walk to hear them talk about "leisure families" as well.
@mattpauli @KCRG @StandardGolf And thank YOU for having us, Matt.  Easy story to tell!  - Chris
I've eaten a lot of pizza in my years.  A pizza that comes in THIS box never disappoints. https://t.co/fA1PA413sn
Definitely.  Thanks for such a major role in 2014-15.  Thanks for being so kind to our family in Surprise in 2015. https://t.co/lk6ohGWFxh
For you, Sammy Hagar. https://t.co/cPh1aKu9v3
@BruceCiskie Only thing to watch for - injuries with age (he put on some hard miles in center field 2013-15) plus struggling with the slider with two strikes.
@BruceCiskie Only downside. Royals got Cain's best years.
@mellinger Look at the "moments" for LoCain - how many times in October 2014 did he save a tie game with a HR-robbing catch?  His speed won the ALCS in 2015.  His double cleared the bases.  Shouldn't even be a question on Royals HOF.
Brewers fans on here:  You will LOVE Lorenzo Cain (of course, thanks for trading him to us).  He saved the playoff run with defense in 2014 &amp; won it all with his speed &amp; hitting in 2015.  I'm happy for LoCain and his family - this is a life-altering financial deal for him. https://t.co/E62jtfyQwz
@JACKWHB Fair enough.  Bonus points for any Comets or Kings passes.  That was an entertaining radio segment yesterday! Stay well.
@JACKWHB Take a picture of all your press passes and post it here.   We want to see them!
Here is how to make Murphy Brown good for 2018.  FYI dropped her and her salary in 1996. Now she's battling back doing weekends in Bozeman - turning two PKGs with Facebook Live updates.  That I would watch.
Good morning on this Thursday.  A bit of a warmup - 40s - so savor it.  The President is in Switzerland, MSU president resigns, layoffs at Siemens, plus Marion gets hotel space for its growth.  @KCRG until 7.  Come on over.  @NicoleAgee @Kaj_OMara @AliciaTKCRG @theshinebloom
Awfully random by true.  With the right showmanship, "Loverboy" by Billy Ocean could be one of the greatest karaoke night songs of the past 30 years.
When you type "Chris" and it autocorrects to "debris", that's sobering.
@MattLepay @JimPolzinWSJ Welcome to Iowa, fellas.  Enjoy the day at the office here.
Good morning.  A MAJOR story at this hour -- an 8.2 magnitude earthquake in the Gulf of Alaska.  A tsunami warning is in effect along Alaska (incl. the Aleutian Islands) to the coast by Juneau and to British Columbia. https://t.co/H5boJTGOvX
Just caught the news of @NeilDiamond retiring from touring due to Parkinson's Disease.  A legendary run through the decades and the genres - saw you live in St. Paul in 2001.  Thank you for being one of the soundtracks of my life.
U.S. Senate appears to be set to vote - momentarily - for a temporary bill on the federal government shutdown.
Good morning!  Back from a long weekend in Arizona - this is from the White Tank mountains. Come over to @KCRG. https://t.co/9IPo3q6X7Y
NFL Competition Committee.   Along with reeling in PI penalty yardage, once a game gets to a 28-point differential, no Peyton ads for rest of game. For the people.
Let's to running clock like it's Iowa City Regina.
@ParkCedRapids I appreciate the follow here.  But as the city's parking agency, feel free not to follow me closely when I park and I'm short of change.
@AmyDuPontFox6 @fox6now @fox6wakeup Apparently pretty well!
That stadium music tempo has Strahan going a little too fast on the treadmill of talking.
Okay, Viking fans. I have a lot of fun firing occasional arrows in your direction.  You have an excellent coach, a superior roster and maybe the better QB.  Good luck today.
In life, you can only throw so many checkdowns before you have to fire it in some tight spaces.
How difficult is it for these cornerbacks to not wrap an arm around a receiver before the ball gets there?  That would be like me belching before a sound bite hits.
For Belichick, if the Pats lose, will this be like when Bob Gibson retired after he gave up a grand slam to Pete LaCock?
Our "goalie son" comes in to announce @SportingKC drafted a goalie.  "Not you?" I ask.  "Not this guy, not this year."  That's okay.  He's only 15.
Yeah, my Saturday is a-ok.  That's a big 10-4. https://t.co/8vWwScnPRQ
I'm on vacation - 1700 miles from Iowa City and my Twitter is tilted on intense layers of dismay from Carver-Hawkeye.
You can tell how a person operates on urgency, efficiency, risk taking and concern for others by observing how they get off an airplane or how they play a shoe of blackjack.
Every NHL player in 2018 should offer a "thank you" to former Blues owner/CEO Mike Shanahan, who passed away this weekend.  He signed off on big $$ contracts to break owner collusion.  Always spent for a better product.
Come on Windows.  Quite messing with me.  You're never going to find a solution to my problem.  Not once.  Take your blue circle of death elsewhere.
@Marple82 Cedar Rapids, Iowa.  As I anchor the morning news.  Saw this on a friend's page during commercial break.  Go Jayhawks.
@DGQuoVadimus I think my daughter left one more bobby pin out in my car.  I saw it in the passenger seat and didn't throw it out the other day.  Since it doesn't appear obvious on-camera, I'll ride it out.  (Bet it won't happen again...)
News anchor problems... when you get to work and realize all of your cuff links are at home -- and your dress shirt doesn't have them.  Time to always keep a pair in my desk drawer.  Need one more bobby pin.  @OhTheHumanity
@JerryGallagher I am "gearing up" to "speak out" as I face my own inner backlash, frontlash, eyelash or maybe I am just lashing out.
@JerryGallagher Oh.  Now that you're "out", Mr. Jerry is now funny man. (Get back to work, it's not 5 pm yet.)
@Kaj_OMara @KCRG_FirstAlert.   The drip drip. https://t.co/252ESTCHC6
Just watched the fourth quarter again.  Still no idea how the Vikings won that game.  Or the coaching malpractice from the Saints on challenges.
I am convinced that @uiowa could market an action figure of wrestling coach Tom Brands.  Press a button and it plays a motivational quote.
Take this for what you will.  A rare meteorologist hot take. @Kaj_OMara says the Jaguars will beat New England on Sunday.  He's a scientist who is almost always right... at least on weather.
TV News Cliche Watch: Can we get just one day - one day - without a national news story using the word "backlash"?  Just one.  Make today a small step for words, a giant leap for wordsmithing.
@AriA1exander Embracing apparently wasn't an issue for the last coach...
@richardmarx Thanks, Richard.  Still holds up great as I procrastinate shoveling snow. https://t.co/GHOYGpgMRj
The final insult for the 2017 Chiefs.  After winning as an 8-point underdog, the Titans decided their coach wasn't even worth keeping.
Blowing snow, slick roads, dropping temperatures on this Monday morning. Take more time - leave more space.  Come on over to @KCRG from now until 7 am.  Get set for your holiday morning before you head out.
Okay.  Done talking tonight.  What a Sunday of games.  Off to work in 7 hours.  Good night now!
Of course, I fully expect the Vikings to let Case Keenum go at the end of the year for one of their injured QBs.
To think. The Saints actually took a timeout to set up THAT defense.  All three of their timeouts turned out to be a disaster.
I half expect Tom Cruise to come out and hug Diggs amid the cameras.
Kick the extra point.  Millions of dollars will go back into the hands of hard working Americans with one more point.
Kick the extra point!! No one wins with a push.
THE GREATEST PUSH IN GAMING HISTORY.
@noyzsource Sure.   But they have Keenum.
If I was the ref, I would have upheld the catch out of principle to the Vikings burning a timeout against a team with only one timeout left.
What??  The Vikings took the timeout there?!?
In this fourth quarter, their Kai has been as good as our @Kaj_OMara.
C'mon, Vikings.  Don't think about that shaky kicker to win it.  Go for the touchdown.  That way you'll be ahead by 5, ahem, or even better 6...
Just like EVERY morning for me, it now comes down to a guy named Kaj.  Or Kai.  Close enough.
I'm glad this Vikings offense plays football and isn't, say, on a fire department.  All of the urgency of a teenager on a couch playing Wordscapes.
The Chiefs are unimpressed with Minnesota.  "We blew an even bigger lead to a quarterback with no accuracy and our opponent didn't even block one of our punts."
And now the Vikings game sounds like a Twins afternoon game in April.
As the ghosts of Chris Chandler and Tim Dwight appear in Minneapolis.
On one side... a coach filled with hubris and is never wrong.  The other, a coach who doesn't trust his QB nor his kicker.  Hoodie, plan another parade.
Not the first time this happened to Drew Brees.  When a coach gets too cute and takes it from Brees and has someone else throw it.  Badger fans say "Vinny Sutherland".
Mike McCarthy reacted to Sean Payton's challenge game today and just fired three more assistant coaches.
As a side effect, Payton is also giving the tired Minnesota defense an extra 7-10 minutes on this drive to re-charge. Brilliant.
Why in the world would Payton challenge this??  Save the timeout.  If you're down 6, Brees will likely still make it 21-20.
That's a catch.  That's the difference between the Chiefs Meltdown and the Vikings Meltdown.  The Chiefs would have dropped it.
Here's the trouble for Minnesota.  I don't think this offense is good enough to score 24 today.  They're asleep now.
This is a disaster waiting to happen for the Vikings.  They've let Brees hang around in an era where few deficits are insurmountable.
Not over yet.  Vikings have left 3-10 points out there.  This may bite them.
Somewhere in Mississippi, a retired, stubble-bearing QB says "oh NOW they're calling roughing the passer on the Saints?!?"
Risky move by the Saints with that long field goal.  Vikings throw one long pass over the middle, clock it. Get three more.
@TherealMelinaK Melina - just saw the spot during the game.  Great news!  You and "Cary Agos".  DVR is set.  Say, can you find me that hold em game with Mike McD and Worm.  :)
Give me a medical drama with Cary Agos and Dr. Sid Hansen from Providence.  I'm in.
Love the urgency here from the Steelers.
For onside kicks... why not line up your speed guys on one side and pooch kick it 25-30 yards.  Over the front line that's already facing the other direction?
I just wish the Chiefs had home playoffs this exciting.
@Sioux1995 @jodiehanson6168 I promise you the Vikings are in better shape.
Andy Dalton in a Dome rides again.
Whoa.  Was that even a catch??
@jodiehanson6168 Dome.
@jodiehanson6168 Oh, I would feel better about the Vikings playing at a Wentz-free Philly than bringing Matt Ryan into a dime.
Lots of rooting factions here.  Falcons fans.  Eagles fans.  Some who are fine with Atlanta getting a TD here... as long as they don't get the 2-point conversion.
Falcons need to go for it.  Their defense is spent after the long Philly drives.
This is why you don't waste a timeout earlier, Philly.  I think it'll get overturned.  If not, good luck.
Only if these $5.99 pizzas actually look like this. https://t.co/wdetm7zhcP
Not smart, Philly.  Take the five-yard penalty for the FG.  I promise you'll need that time out in 15 minutes or so.
The canvas can do miracles.  Just you wait and see.
Don Henley has had his issues with the media but, if this music thing doesn't work out for him, he would have THE best TV news anchor voice.
What a terrible idea for a last shot, Cats.  Yikes.
So far this year, Kansas is worse at home than termites.
Who told Kansas today is the third weekend of March?  Goodness they are a disjointed offense.
Get yourself over here to @KCRG.  Temps are tanking, roads getting slick in the viewing area.  Streaming online on https://t.co/SOP3m6pbmy.
Today will be a weird day outside.  Dress for winter.  Allow extra time.  @KCRG https://t.co/IOUsWlJRuG
@DavidNelsonNews Backatcha.  Anchor like a champion today.
@belindaofficial Random... but worth noting.   You've had a superb music career. Thanks for your songs - still great for running decades later. Be well. Be strong.
Sorry to see Darrell Bevell get the scapegoat title in Seattle.  Good guy, sharp coach.  A smart NFL team will have him on the payroll by the weekend.
Sign you live in Iowa: when your phone takes the word "much" and autocorrects it to "HyChi".
To any old #amnewsers out there, let's write some news.  No flannel shirts or regrettable 1993 goatees, please. https://t.co/LPCrEycirj
@PriscoCBS If he was sulking (think Walter Payton after Super Bowl XX) while his team celebrated, the social media meltdown would never end.
I assume the Chicago Bears hired their new coach at halftime of Saturday's early game.
@EricLPauly I couldn't let it alter the frosty memories of the Summer of Lenny Kravitz.
Fighting the urge to accidentally blurt out "Zima" when talking about Space-X and "Zuma".  Some of us are still in 1993.
Good morning.  @FBSaunders is live in DM before the 2018 session opens.  @AliciaTKCRG looks at the opioid crisis and legislation.  @Kaj_OMara talks warmer days.  @NicoleAgee is 3-1 so far in Weather Wise in 2018... @KCRG
A certain segment of the public now really needs a bad snap over Taylor's head and a safety.
They.  Punted.  That deserves no more playoff appearances until 2035.
Just take three knees and punt, Teal Tongues.  Only a fumble or a pick by your own offense stands between you and victory.
I've seen Evel Knievel do better math on his motorcycle jumps than Fournette did on that third down.
Two very self-evident truths from Bills-Jags:  we don't need a 17- or 18-game season.  No need to expand from 12 playoff teams.
Jags fans, this is exactly how you do a home playoff game right.  The booing will start mid-third quarter now that anxiety is sinking in. Just pace yourself for the inevitable final 4th down incompletion. You're doing great! - Chiefs Fans
Today is a 30-for-30. "What if I told you about a 6-3 NFL playoff game, where both teams combined for 21 punts? And O.J. Simpson was tailgating with Bills fans."
This might be the first playoff game where the team on offense just decline a penalty that results in a first down and kick the field goal.
After watching this, the Jaguars belong in the SEC East.  The Big Ten should add in the Bills to the West.  Or make them the Legends.  Or Leaders.
Tyrod Taylor better be careful.  The Jaguars now realize, after watching their own QB, knocking out Taylor may be the only path to victory.
If I'm Tony Romo's agent, I'm texting both the Buffalo and Jacksonville GMs to see if they'd like him to suit up at halftime and win this game.
With these two offenses, a personal foul penalty is worth about 75 yards.
This is like watching a football game in 1958.  Just need men in fedoras and overcoats smoking cigars in the stands.
Now convinced that 13 points will win in Jacksonville.  Maybe 12.
With all of the blimp cams over sporting events, when will drones take that over?
I know the Bills had all that success in the red helmets.  I admit to loving the 70s/early 80s Classic look of the white helmets.
Okay, Southwest, that's a cool ad.  The guy who thinks he's getting into an Uber/Lyft but, instead, it's a getaway car from a bank robbery.
Can't wait for Forget Paris 2.  Billy Crystal is now an NFL referee, who has to get a police escort out of Kansas City after ruling "forward progress". Debra Winger's character will be just as cold and unappealing.
I've been rooting for Atlanta all night until they didn't go for two there up 12.  Now I want the Rams to win to make a point. Math matters.
I wonder how often the broadcasts have to filter out certain NFL running back statistics so that Orenthal doesn't make the list.
I'll pay $4.99 a month during NFL season for no commercials with former Colts/Broncos quarterbacks.
The Falcons have turned Matt Ryan into Blake Bortles.
@acgoodyear Almost.
I am hesitant to buy a stationary bike that costs more than the trade-in value of my last three cars.
Not to fret, Rams fans.  Just stay within 10 points by halftime.  Halftime adjustments are worth 13 points to the Rams in this matchup.
That Atlanta red zone offense is dreadful.
Al Michaels is cranky.  Does he have dinner reservations at 10 pm?
The NBC genuflecting to the home team's owner at some point on the broadcasting has to be required in the NFL contract, like the old CBS "and stay tuned for... Murder She Wrote".
Rams owner Stan Kroenke in full "Sir Stewart Wallace as Himself" mode tonight for the cameras.  In 20 years, I plan to dress like that at weddings.
I grew up in an era where NFL playoff games were never at night.  Always noon/3 pm.  Now that the Rams are back in LA, the lighting at the Coliseum looks perfect on TV.
In the last ten minutes, I've flipped on the Royals signing Hosmer.  Pay that man his money. The city needs one clutch pro athlete.
The Chiefs have already released the new logo for their alternate third jerseys for 2018. https://t.co/WpL9YcQ2gT
@mattckenney Not really. This is the sixth one of these since 1995.  After the third home playoff loss, I quit having expectations.  Now I just have a detached sense.
If I'm a real estate agent in Kansas City, I'm camping outside Mahomes' place tonight, with a business card and a warming gift.
Yup, the Chiefs just lost at home to the Oilers.
Marcus Mariota can't throw a deep ball but he just finished the Quarterback Block of the Decade.  Good night, Chiefs.
Get in there, Triplette. Claim forward progress.  Precedent.
What hurts for the Chiefs is that this wasn't the result of the usual January culprits -- a mismanaged clock, moving too slow or wasting timeouts.
With the season in the balance and needing nine yards, the Chiefs didn't have a receiver sitting ten yards out. https://t.co/4J0re8CQPl
They could have snapped that and Wilson would still be running.
They're really going to play this to the right foot of a rookie kicker on a field that looks like a parking lot at a county fair.
If I squint from the right distance, I think I'm watching Elvis Grbac.
Alex Smith just needed to throw it when he was past the line of scrimmage.
Please tell me Rich Gannon is warming up.
Harbaugh.  Elway.  Manning.  Flacco.  Roethlisberger... Mariota.
@ChrisLongKSTP For some in the audience, the Chiefs win or that someone gets paid.
@mellinger CTRL+A. Also known as Fall 2015 mode.
Chiefs are about to gobble up a playoff game to a QB with the deep ball accuracy of a 5th grader in gym class.
Chiefs need a dose of these guys to close this out. https://t.co/fiTqntOIMm
Is this one of the four most competent officiating crews or does the NFL assign the crews based on the competency of the teams involved?  The latter would make more sense here.
I think we can all agree losing a 21-3 lead to a Mariota-led team is actually worse than 38-10 to a Luck-led team.
It's never a January game at Arrowhead without the Chiefs missing a field goal in the cold, raising the anxiety of the fan base.
Ah yes, who loves Friday night basketball in the Big Ten?  Apparently not too many people. https://t.co/1gj8A4Kmvs
I'm seeing the East Coast storm described as a "monster storm".  Personally, I think a "minotaur storm" is more appropriate.  Minotaurs have Nielsen diaries.  Monsters don't.
@MCFick Mitch Fick, ladies and gentlemen!  Tip your waitstaff... they like the dollars that fold, not that coins that jingle.
TV News Words.  "Hunkering down".  They never hunker up.  In TV news talk, people "gear up" but they always "hunker down".  Unless they find themselves "under fire", in which case, they'd better "flee on foot" or get "completely destroyed".
This is still very substantial in CR.  Perhaps take Edgewood south from Collins if you have to cross the Cedar.  380 southbound is blocked off between 32nd and the S Curve. https://t.co/GW06tXlJBK
Always, always, as one of the #AMNewsers, take a nanosecond to say the word "pantries" with the proper follow through.  It's always worth the extra effort.
Can't tell me Scott Frost isn't thinking, "we're going to beat Auburn.  No income tax in Florida.  Great athletes within two hours of UCF.  It isn't -22 below here.  It's Snoopy Come Home time."
Michigan is showing low-to-moderate signs of becoming another "Remember When?" football program.  Nebraska.  Tennessee.  Arkansas.  Pitt.
The Michigan pea-shooter offense rides again.  I hope it never leaves.
Harbaugh goes all Madden and it works.  What does victory taste like?
Your move, Colts.  You want that on 4th and 10 when down seven?
"What does victory taste like?!?" has become the new off-key Holiday Road ad.  It makes me fish out the remote for another game.
Michigan-South Carolina is the game that offense evolution forgot.
If I'm going to have my teenage daughter constantly subject me to Hamilton lyrics, can't we at least get political dueling legalized again?  May cut down on filibusters.
Okay, so which bowl games today have the Pac 12 refs?  Timing out by day and need to see which one will take an extra half hour to sort through.
TV News Cliche Watch:  I don't think I have ever "rebuked" someone.  Perhaps someone can say I "rebuked" them at one point... "time will tell".  What an un-conversational word.
Good morning.  @Kaj_OMara and I are here thru 7am on @KCRG.  It's -42 wind chill in Cedar Rapids.  Stay in, heat on, under the covers.  The gym can wait.  But our newscast will not.
@DGQuoVadimus @amnewsboy Field crews?   That's funny today. :). (But thank you - we had lots of 'em on Friday morning).
@DGQuoVadimus @amnewsboy It's -19 here right now (actual temperature).  Our garage is covered -- and only -2 so it's all good.
A friendly PSA to all of the other #AMNewsers who are working right now.  If it's below zero today and you've been at work for four hours, go start your car and let it run for two minutes.  Don't let it sit eight hours outside in extreme cold.  #TheDadInMe
Waking up at 11:45 pm to watch Rockin NYE and getting New Orleans instead of a tape-delayed Times Square is like going to see Tony Bennett and instead getting Tony Danza.
-19 here in Cedar Rapids.  Happy new year!!
@JerryGallagher Someday, we will compete again.  Cayman Islands.
One final shout out to @JerryGallagher - a TV anchoring rival for many years but also a friend for 13 years.  Top-shelf journalist. I'll be getting to work at 3 am tomorrow.  Enjoy the normal hours, friend!
My disdain for sideline reporters is well chronicled here.  However, FOX's Pam Oliver is Hall of Fame-caliber.  And not surprised she's out there with the sore throat.  A reporting warrior.
I envision the members of the 2008 Lions pacing in someone's basement, tense with each Cleveland three-and-out that their celebratory cases of PBR may go unconsumed.
If the Raiders really want Gruden to coach, they're going about this wrong.  Hire Dungy for a year or two, then bring in Gruden.  That's the best sequence.
Congrats, Bucky.  Way to finish strong!
Please run the hapless Wildcat.  One last time.  For the memories.
Miami running the Wildcat is like watching the Phil Connors dating sequence in Groundhog Day.  Eventually, it could lead to what they want but Miami won't have enough time.
I love that Miami insists on running the Wildcat during critical moments.
That's it.  The Orange Bowl is over... for some.
I'll forget the fumble that wasn't earlier for the look the other way on offensive PI on Wisconsin's TD. Me and the refs are like Butch and Marcellus Wallace now... we cool.
Of course this is the first week I've been right about Miami all year.  Had concerns that Wisconsin wouldn't be thrilled to be here after the Buckeye loss.
@tomleonard10 Professor, took a stats class with you at UW in 1992.  Thank you for a superb class. Congrats on your accomplishments over the decades.
That montage reminds me that Nebraska used to be great at football.
I admit that I would feel better if @VodkaAndWiscy were kicking off.  Vitaly, been a long time. Hope you're doing great.
The connections through Atlanta must be on time today.  How else could that officiating crew from Memphis get to Miami in four hours?
Somewhere this week at the U of Miami: "hey, guys, we had the most feared uniforms in all of college football at one point.  Tonight, let's dress up as... the Virginia Cavaliers."
Penn State.  Do NOT snap the ball 15 yards back to your own end zone. Go for it.  Throw it out of bounds if nothing else.
That's was a man's throw by McSorley.  We've seen this before.
This is now squarely on Penn State.  Up 35-21, they needed to burn clock in the Wash red zone and kick a field goal.  Game over. Now they're in a pickle.
That shoe ad where the athletes say "let's create", which should be easy.  I see a lot of first-round exits at that table.  More time to create.
I wouldn't hand the ball back to these refs so quickly, Iowa state.  Might get ruled a fumble.
This summer, I want to witness Lou Bega sitting on the beach as someone brings him more royalty checks.
However, as a Royals fan, it's great to see this officiating crew again.  Haven't seen these guys since Game 6 of the 1985 World Series.  Thanks again :)
Thanks goodness this officiating crew is working a mid-level bowl game and was not on the Warren Commission.
Well, these guys are the Liberty Bowl of officiating.
He's in by two feet.
Seriously, Mike and Tommy are talking about draining the clock??  Get the TD, go up 28-20 and be ready for one more drive at 28-28.
I can feel a 28-28 game coming on before overtime in Memphis.
@phamrothstein Back breaker.  Hogs trail all game, force OT and then lose a big lead.
Goodness, clones.  Have your play ready on 4th/1 against a tired defense.  Avoid giving them two minutes of rest and losing a timeout in a close game.
If that young driver in the car ad is seeing a Star Wars scene as she drives on the interstate, maybe keep her catching rides for a while.
Kempt made four mistakes on that play.  Of course, it turned into a TD.
@mar1jdh I offer the idea.  You make it better.
A 10-play drive, even if only a FG, should help the Cyclones defense out.  That's how you beat Memphis.
@EricPage1973 Typical media.  Tell everyone else how to live while we devour plates of anchors.
Iowa State needed two yards.  They throw 25 yards into the wind.  This is Jack Trice weather.  Slants.  Quick outs.
The Liberty Bowl could be far more interesting each year if the winning coach was given the option of coaching the Cleveland Browns or staying at his current school.
When Iowa State's smartest meteorology alum, @Kaj_OMara, appears at halftime, the Cyclones have to win. https://t.co/LPnSW4u4z6
Memphis doing the tourism hard sell here at halftime.  I'll say this. When "The First 48" first came out, the Memphis episodes were always the most... interesting.
"Shout!"  Please tell me Blutarski, D-Day and Eric Stratton are dancing in the basement.
Halftime interviews are 99% useless.  Matt Campbell actually gave a pretty solid assessment there.
Again, Iowa State doesn't need big plays. Kempt is constantly overthrowing his receivers and they're taking hard shots.  Just throw 10 yard curls.
Tommy Tuberville sounds like Beavis and Butthead's neighbor who, mistakenly, once trusted those boys to clean his pool.
A "triple flag" penalty.  Is the third ref just like "I'm not getting left out of this"? https://t.co/afh6AQ6tZ3
Add in cold weather and one of the two Big XII teams that actually plays defense and Memphis looks like a baby deer on ice right now.
@ADavisKelley We all benefit.
Joel Lanning is that Madden character you create with the arm muscles of Dwayne Johnson.
@Mizbol1 The days of Tuesday 20-cent wings on State Street are never to return, old friend.
What I'm a little puzzled on... In this game, limit the big plays if you're Iowa State on offense.  Just get the  first downs against a defense playing back.
@Mizbol1 Not sure yet, Mies. I'll be venturing out at some point in the -3 weather before 7.  Probably nothing too blazing.  Protect the lips.
If I was Iowa State, I wouldn't catch a single punt today.  Just let them bounce.  This is the Memphis defense.
Between the plate of nachos I've already consumed for Iowa State and a bag of BBQ wings I bought for Wisconsin at 7 pm, I'll need a tailor for my suits before Monday morning.
Now I'm back to real time on ISU-Memphis.  Already highly entertaining.  Still think it'll last four hours.
@THEbadgermaniac Badger!  Been a long time.  Hope you're doing great. - Chris
Unmanly Confession: "How Can I Fall" by Breathe is a superb song. I was hesitant to admit this in early 1989.
Random: I've never understood the appeal of encores at concerts.  We don't anchor two hours of news, walk off the set so you'll scream and beg to see the waterskiing squirrel video.
Trying to find the fuel for that third (and final) sweep of the driveway with the snowblower.
That CBS montage of 50 years of covering the Sun Bowl has me emotional.  All those 7-4 and 6-5 teams of yesteryear, those missing rings from would-be conference champs.  The years where it was the Hancock Bowl.  Such memories!
Arizona State's helmets look like a white flag waving when one of the players is running.
After that Arizona State fumble on the first play, I would be open to being billed $9.99 a month for three months to watch Todd Graham take off the headset, call an Uber and leave El Paso.
Random: when it's time to break out the snowblower to clear 5 inches, having "Smokin' in the Boys Room" by Motley Crue play on the shuffle makes the work easier.
RT @KCRG: TRAFFIC ALERT: I-80 eastbound is closed from the West Branch exit to the West Liberty exit. https://t.co/H76183T9qp
RT @Kaj_OMara: Daycare closed.  My oldest daughter is with me in the office.  Tune in at midday at 11!  We'll see if she attempts to run on…
Get over to @KCRG from now until noon.  @Kaj_OMara is on weather, @FBSaunders on the roads, @EthanFickauKCRG with the DOT, @AliciaTKCRG on frostbite.  I'm just the traffic cop.
I'll throw out an "urgent" here in Eastern Iowa.  @Kaj_OMara says 4" to 6" of snow throughout this Friday -- starting around 7 am.  Be ready - @KCRG until 7. https://t.co/MgrN1SoU91
@ChrisBorland_ Chris, fascinating podcast with Simmons on the future of football and your experiences.  Keep talking about this. Your perspective is illuminating.
Fascinating.  KCPD will live tweet various police calls, responses, etc.  Shows the reality and also the grit of working in a major city. https://t.co/Lfj0iz5HLF
One part that I'm happy about for Iowa-BC: @KNegandhiESPN is on the call.  A true pro and a friend. The #1 sports anchor coming out of the Class of '97.  I ranked #2,438 at my peak.
Booger picked out a good point to chew on... saying that this is a baseball field and not heated.
Playing a bowl game on a baseball field in 17 degree weather is all fun until the slick surface takes out a knee.  Football requires hard cuts in the turf.  Baseball movement is A to B.
@tylervincent78 The origin of Billy Joel's greatest song as well... Big Man on Mulberry Street.
Mack Brown sounds like the computer-generated voice for a college football video game from the PS1 era.
It's cold and slippery for Iowa-BC.  Idea:  keep the major bowl games where they are.  For the other 36 bowl games, play them all in Las Vegas from Dec 15-Jan 2.  Twice a day - noon and 6 pm.  Everyone wins.
Today's commentators are Mack &amp; Booger.  That would also be the worst name of a bistro for a date night.
I'm still not used to the penalty assessed whenever a punt returner doesn't fair catch a punt inside of his own 10.  I mean... that has to be why they do it in recent years.
If we are bringing back Roseanne and Full House, we have to bring back Moonlighting.  Except they're in Sun City doing senior living detective work amid their tension.  Mark Harmon guest stars.
Gotta watch those fade routes.   Throw it too deep and it'll hit Mariano Rivera as he's stretching.
Can't tell me Boston College wouldn't look great if they just wore the Flutie-era unis at all times.
Did Southern Miss play in the Big Ten West or the AFC West?  How did they win 8 games?  They're playing like 40 guys who met for the first time an hour before kickoff.
Smart move by some Florida State players to sit out.  With all of their penalties so far, this game may not end in time for the first round of the NFL Draft.
So Illinois football fires two coaches TODAY.  What exactly got worse or better about the Illini since their last game?
Brrrrrr. https://t.co/pDQxjb1wpf
@TimMcNiff1 Welcome back - even here or there.  Same for me here.  I'll help with sports here and there along with news.  It's fun to come back again.
Good morning.  Still Yukon Cold here in Eastern Iowa.  Hawkeyes in the Pinstripe Bowl against BC (4:15 pm kickoff).  Come on over to @KCRG until 7 am with @NicoleAgee @Kaj_OMara @AliciaTKCRG and, of course, @theshinebloom
@chazzzrn Slowly... And deliberately.
@ChrisAStanford My hope is that I'll get it right by, oh, the fourth time I read it today.
@LDonovanKCCI @KCCINews Welcome to our world!  Best wishes if you have to say "wannacry ransomwear" today.
The words "Wannacry ransomware" will destroy pretty much every news anchor's flow today.
A true morning news anchor doesn't walk into the station to start the day until Rapper's Delight finally ends.  #HotelMotel
@RobHernandezGLF What?!?  That wasn't me in college.  That was some other guy who looked like a young Will Ferrell.
Kurt Warner has been out for 9 years.  He still looks like he could have walked onto the field at Lambeau and at least gotten the Packers one touchdown on Saturday.
If you want to do a little something nice for someone today, if you're at a gas station, buy two scratch off tickets and tell the cashier they'll get anything that wins.
Santa really is @GregJennings, former NFL receiver.  Solid work - thanks for making walking off dinner easier. https://t.co/IfMf87nKg2
From our backyard to yours... Merry Christmas. https://t.co/wNYind43n1
The Cowboys are the one team with a head coach who went Ivy League yet they are unspeakably unintelligent on game management.
The Cowboys have a head coach who went to Princeton.
Cowboys are an absolute disaster.  Horrendous game management. Too cute on offense.
@Ace_Tomato_Co True but now the NFL let's every score turn into high school show choir.
What?!   A penalty on Seattle's TD for jumping into the red kettle?  Every time the Eagles score, it turns into A Chorus Line.  Don't put the kettle here if you can't celebrate in it.
@jonsimonsen814 That's how Wisconsin wins just about every year.
I'm a tough grader on the Chiefs and the AFC West is the Big Ten West of the NFL but that's still two division titles in a row.
On Chiefs and end of game strategy.  4th and 8. Up 16.  No Miami timeouts left.  Why kick a FG?  Go for the first down and then victory formation.  Now you risk defensive players getting hurt.
@FiveSeasonsTree Merry Christmas to my favorite tree in the city.
Kevin Harlan to Rich Gannon at Arrowhead: "Lots of empty seats here, Rich".  It's Christmas Eve, $60 to park at Arrowhead, cold, Dolphins in town and TV product is so much better than in-game.
A Christmas Eve tradition is saved for me... Thanks to Spike TV.   Casino is on!
On NFL and Journalism: for the tiresome "was it a catch or not?" segments this week --- can/will any of these NFL info guys answer the one question that really matters.  Ryan Shazier.  Is he paralyzed or not?  We all saw that awful hit two weeks ago.
First time since 1988 when the wind chill had more points than the Packers at a December game at Lambeau.
Waiting for Huntley to lead a nine-incompletion, 16-play TD drive with a 2-point conversion to make it 16-8 for one of the all-time bad beats.
What?  The Vikings have played the Lions and Bears TWICE a year (plus Tampa Bay twice until 2001) and they couldn't put down a shutout for 24 years?
Hundley is the safest QB in recent history.  No way the Vikings are knock him out with a late hit.
The 2004 Eagles think the Packers' tempo is way too fast here.
Packers can get back in this.  Only 17 more curl routes until the red zone.
Society and technology advance every year.  That as, somehow, a fair catch at the 5 has become accepted by coaches and players.
C'mon, Vikings. There is a certain sliver of the population that would prefer to see the Vikings win... by at least 10.
This is Green Bay's sad version of the Joe Webb Game.  When the other team didn't have to do that much to win comfortably.
Brown Co. Sheriff's Dept in Green Bay is definitely going to make December revenue quota from now until about 2 a.m.
When Aaron Rodgers isn't there, this team has all of the organization of a fireworks tent in July.
A fitting way for San Diego State to go down.  Not a smart game from them.  How in the world did THAT squad beat Stanford this year?
If I'm San Diego State, I want this review to hurry up so that Army doesn't decide to go for 2.
I've had drives from Cedar Rapids to Kansas City that took less time than Army's current drive off the second half kickoff.
Favorite Christmas Eve movies... Or at least movies that seem to pop up on Dec 24: Casino, Scarface, Dog Day Afternoon.  If none are on, I'll go with Road House on DVD... With French language on.
Watching USC-MTSU hoops in Honolulu.  Memo to college hoops teams... when offering a team pic at Pearl Harbor, on the USS Arizona looking at the oil leak, laughter isn't the best look.
Watching Army-San Diego State.  Army must have about four different versions of Mike Alstott on the roster.
Does ESPN only have three cameras in Birmingham? One standard view, one endzone and one always on Charlie Strong.
@BGrawer @550KTRS Hope your dad is doing great!  Loved going to his SLU camps and being a fan back in the Kiel days.
Leave it to South Florida to make Texas Tech defense look like the 85 Bears.
Don't root for Mizzou.  Don't root for Illinois.  But I WILL make time for Braggin' Rights tomorrow.  Always a special December night in the STL. Highlight of my youth.
Here's Fayette. It might not be a lot of precip, but we are seeing road conditions getting slick.  @KCRG til 7am. https://t.co/zRVF2uwy37
@kendisgibson Your tie is excellent this morning.  Vibrant, a touch whimsical, confident but not too bold.
@RyanCharkowski True.  I do not. However, if I win the Powerball, I'll get a membership at the new gym!
@LydiaCornell You have a wonderful December as well!
@ToddBrommelkamp Um, uh, you're not wrong.
Be ready for slick roads.  This will not be Snowmageddon 2017.  Just be ready. @KCRG right now for midday. https://t.co/Ab88cvRp34
@ChrisAStanford Every other Friday, I set out the next 10 suits/shirts.  Like Holmgren scripting Favre's first 25 plays.  Except I never do the socks.
Morning TV News Anchor Lifestyle:  Some mornings the search for two matching socks at 2:48 a.m. is easy.  Other mornings, it becomes a silent but intense, FBI-style operation.
Good morning.  The last day before the cold really hits - ideal to stand in line at the place of your choosing.  Plenty of news to work through from now until 7 am on @KCRG with @NicoleAgee @Kaj_OMara @AliciaTKCRG.
@RJinVegas @FezzikSports Which one of you will be the square this week?  Dream Preview is great listen each week. https://t.co/c1XmEw41cR
@bryancurtis with a fantastic ringer piece about the career I lived twenty years ago... or at least tried to. https://t.co/Qj85VbxnUg
Good morning. Happy Monday.  A travel note from Atlanta.  The power is back on at the airport but untangling all of the flights could take days.  Temps mid-40s.  @KCRG until 7.
Good on the NFL.  I was half-expecting 2002-NBA style Lakers-Kings Game Six on that call to make sure Rodgers was in the playoffs.
Inside that headset, New York has to be saying to the ref, "we NEED Rodgers in the playoffs."
This got interesting...
Time for Rodgers to go into Matthew Stafford mode.  Rack up some prevent yards and a junk TD to pretty up the final score.
Back to Bret Hundley time.  See if he can go all Matt Flynn and deal him to Arizona or Denver.  Packers' vibe hasn't been the same since the Seattle Meltdown three years ago.
Unfortunately, the 2017 Packers could still barely beat Cleveland and Tampa (at home no less).  The Rodgers Return can only do so much.
What a dirty hit on the Panthers.  If I'm Cam Newton, I'm going out of bounds the rest of this game.
@WISCTV_News3 There were times I thought it would take me 50 years to rack up 120 credits.
Today brings church, Aaron Rodgers' return and copious barbecue wings.  A Christmas miracle.
When a middle aged man gets out of his comfort zone on satellite radio: "Run for Cover" by The Killers is absolutely fantastic.  I'll go back in my 1992 pop culture cave now.
Boise State-Oregon is finally a game that's... over.
Oregon draws more flags than a 4th of July Parade.  The administration sure this is the path they want to keep on for 2018?
One more time on this busy shopping weekend.  Consider having form of payment in an easy-to-reach place at checkout.  Been that way going back to fur traders and shoe cobblers.
Congrats to my buddy Dave Courvoisier (@Gr8Anchor) on his final night on the anchor desk at KLAS 8 in Las Vegas.  Involved, detailed.  Superb journalist. Wonderful friend.
@MitchMossRadio @PaulyHoward. As one who worked in Duluth and covered small-town Wisconsin, today's story about UMD tunnels and WI bars was 100 percent true.
Gloomy Friday. Hello, @FiveSeasonsTree https://t.co/BFxtgvoCtr
Good morning on this Thursday.  Welcome news for rabbits and squirrels.  The wind today will not be lifting them and smashing them into the sides of homes.  Hardly any wind - refreshing change!  @KCRG until 7 a.m.
@jazayerli Duff's posts right now are very curious from a stability standpoint, especially for someone you want as an ace.
Random: there is never a bad time to hear Angel of Harlem, provided you have four minutes until you're done driving.
Another year where Eddie Money - @ImEddieMoney - is not in the Rock 'n Roll Hall of Fame.  He admits he's no angel but will he have to walk on water... for this worthy honor?
The hair champion is back.  @Toya_Washington is the Tom Brady of Wisconsin anchor hair.
Certain level of evil magic in Pats losing at Miami.  Keeps the Miami coach in place another year.  May keep Cutler another year.  In long view, that's good for Pats.
"I have never felt dumber about meteorology than I do right now.  And I got a 'C' in meteorology 22 years ago." - me after getting Weather Wise wrong from @Kaj_OMara
@BruceCiskie For anyone who has every stood on an NFL sideline, it's a true mess.  Savage was 180 feet away in a scrum of bodies.  Fault him for starting Savage over Watson in week 1.  Not this.
@pebbles2day This totally made my day.  I know your music now has a different focus than, say, in 1988 -- but I did include "Mercedes Boy" in one of my novels as the walk-up music for one of the players.  It's just TOO good.
TV News Cliche Watch.  I often hear when people become "unraveled".  My goal in life is to stay as "raveled" for as long as possible.
@tommylang1630 Still perfect as it provided cover for him.  He may even take credit for Kizer's pop fly in overtime.
A blown lead, a horrendous pass in overtime and a horrificly bad beat.  Packers-Browns 2017 deserves a 30 For 30.
The Packers finally get their "4th and 26" moment from another team.
Packers-Browns 2017 is the first game where both teams would be better off with the OTHER team's quarterback starting overtime.
Isn't it cold enough where Rodgers and Joe Callahan could go into the injury tent, Rodgers emerges as Callahan, wins it in OT and changes back in time for the interview on the field?
Hundley is down.  Packers better be ready.  Cleveland is about to get the Oakland Treatment (from Raiders/Chiefs earlier this year).
The Chiefs think the Packers are going waaaay too fast on this 4th quarter final drive.
If the Packers and the Browns were playing a game of Monopoly, one would go counter clockwise and the other would pass over Park Place to buy Baltic.
Good challenge by McCarthy.  Yes, I said that. Sometimes, when you hit 19 enough against a 7, you get a deuce.
"Coach Correctable Mistakes" chooses to have the Packers punt on 4th/2, down 7 with the season on the line.  That means "I have no faith in my offense, no faith in my defense and this move means I won't take any blame in the presser in 10 minutes."
I'm torn.  A Green Bay win means we all get to watch Rodgers next week.  If Cleveland beats the Packers, it could lead to much-needed regime change.  Hmmmmm.
If I hear these third-rate karaoke singers belt out "Holiday Road" on that ad one more time, I may kick a dog toy across the living room.
About three days a year, when "McCarthy" trends on my Twitter, the scorn is about Mike McCarthy and not Jenny McCarthy.  Today is one of those days.
If I am Aaron Rodgers, I think with each possession that Cleveland holds the lead, my shoulder hurts a little more.
@pebbles2day When deciding whether to follow you, I had to give you the benefit of the doubt.. Thank you for your music!
Senator Al Franken announces "in the coming weeks" that he will be resigning from the chamber.
Mark, hope you're doing okay.  The stories, pictures and video of RJ Fritz reveal a remarkable life.  Thank you for talking about what he meant to you and your career.
Good morning.  Watching the wildfires plus, out of Dubuque, remembering a Navy chaplain killed in the Pearl Harbor attack, 76 years ago today. @KCRG until 7 am.
Shout out to UW Alum (and former student manager from my era) @coachjwhit for Ball State's win over Notre Dame.  Congratulations!
@RyanShazier Been thinking about you and your family all day.  With prayers from Iowa.
Good morning.  Lots to watch for.  Major dip in temperatures.  Runoff elections for CR mayor and a handful of council seats.  Also, more details on a murder charge in Dubuque. @KCRG until 7 am.
The Silverdome implosion mess is the perfect excuse to talk about Wrestlemania III.  Hulk over Andre was a bigger 1988 upset than Dodgers over A's and Rick Astley not winning five Grammys.
Unsolicited advice to the other TV morning anchors out there:  avoid consuming four pounds of homemade chili in 48 hours before you anchor all morning.  It was delicious though.  Pepper jack cheese makes the chili.
And the Chiefs are STILL in first place.
Jets-Chiefs is not exactly a Mensa coaching conference.
Now that I've spent five weeks downgrading my expectations for the 2017 Chiefs, these games are actually kind of enjoyable.
I can't be the only one who rolled his eyes when NFL announcers are constantly genuflecting about the home team's owner.  They've all gotten their new stadiums yet the fan experience is worse than 20 years ago.
@PhillipJohnson7 If Kansas was in the Top 68, the would put the goalposts into the Kaw.
@glrush13 I think, with every missed target from Barrett, the committee said "we can't do this again".  Wisconsin should have been down 38-0 at half last night and they still had a shot late.
I do wonder how many non-Buckeye Big Ten fans are throwing vases and kicking frogs over this.  From Lincoln to wherever Rutgers plays these days, Ohio State is our collective Darth Vader.
Now that the Big Ten will be cranky, this will also be the last time the CFP will be at 4.  It'll creep up to 6, then 8 before settling in at 68.   I'll watch the Arkansas-Illinois play in game on a Tuesday in Dayton.
As Ohio State is now looking around for a PI call that will never come.
TV News Cliche Watch.  No comment needed. https://t.co/oh9ttR1gP5
A Cardinal Rule of TV News: avoid wearing red or blue on Election Night.  When discussing the CFP on ESPN on this particular day, avoid wearing Crimson...
I feel the same emotion that fills me after watching a Chiefs home playoffs game.  A combo of "man, we were flat early and the comeback was not enough."
Placing Wisconsin in a 1st and 20 may as we well be 1st and Saskatoon.
It's like a combination of Rocky in the 15th Round and watching a left-handed Alex Smith leading a comeback.
Wisconsin is fortunate they're not down 38-0 at half.
Wisconsin's best offense is when the defense is on the field.  Need two pick-sixes.  Could happen.
Run the ball, Wisconsin.  Do what you do best.  I don't do the weather.  I don't fix furnaces.
The spread on Ohio State has fallen from -6.5 to -3.5 today.  Sharps coming in on Bucky.
Auburn done in by math. Twelve players.
Georgia. Just because you're playing where the Atlanta Falcons play doesn't mean you need to throw when up 21 with eight minutes left.
In the deep recesses of my TV, I've found the Washburn Ichabods playing in Division 2.  Go Topeka.  The announcers sound like Snowman's friends on the CB from Smokey and the Bandit.
Man, losing at home to Penn State in men's basketball is like being told the FREE space on your bingo card isn't valid.
Five bowls of chili from noon to now.  Good to go for Wisconsin-Ohio State.
I've got a red face after that ticky tack foul on Baer in Penn State-Iowa.
With each Auburn touchdown, the likelihood of Gus leaving for Arkansas drops from 3% at kickoff another 0.5%.
@GriffisDebra I don't disagree.  Nostalgia is strong.  However, the Huskers are in a far different environment than when Frost was a star there.
Congrats Florida State on becoming bowl eligible!!  Such a wonderful story of an underdog program with no advantages in the ruthless world of big time college football.
I told myself at 11 am that I would do 100 jumping jacks and 25 crunches for each TD scored in UCF-Memphis.  Oops...
@villis85 I don't want to assume.  Never know...
@Olyduck @KenGoe Saw that soon after.  He had quite the 40 yard sprint going.  Thought he was going to break Pat Riley's "coach leaving the venue" record after the 1988 NBA finals.
Scott Frost is running off that field like he's trying to make the 4:11 pm Sanford -&gt; Omaha flight on Allegiant.
Understand lure of "going back" by UCF is a slightly better job than Nebraska right now.  Tons of players within 100 miles, no income tax and you can make UCF in your own image.
ESPN reporting that Frost will take the Nebraska job.  Did he say "yes" when they were up 48-34?
Go for 2 UCF.  What?  Memphis going to stop you?
I've cooked turkeys that didn't take as long as UCF-Memphis.
UCF may not be in Power 5 but their sideline reporter may have the best mustache in college football broadcasting. https://t.co/8Naglg4Xcj
UCF and Memphis are at 96 points.  Yet neither team seems to know how to play with a lead or handle pressure of 3rd and long. Highly entertaining however.
@JarrettSamuels Winning.  Get on the road now.  You could make it here by halftime of the Big Ten game.
@JarrettSamuels Plus I would increase up to 4 large bowls of this for each adult ticket. https://t.co/fNEfloRYgX
Now both coaches in UCF-Memphis are getting too cute with having non-QBs trying to throw deep passes.  Fellas, neither team plays defense.
UCF got too cute with a lead and now they're losing.
Arkansas... watching UCF-Memphis.  You sure you want this Memphis-style defense in the SEC West?  You sure?
Watching UCF-Memphis because I like arena football.  Levy: There's a soft spot in the defense.  That's like finding a soft spot in grasshopper pie.
@MattLepay Matt, have a great call tonight.  I'll be listening.  And watching.  Truly appreciate your broadcasts now that we live out of Wisconsin.
On a run.  A woman with two massive dogs is hanging onto their leash like a kid learning how to waterski.  She apologizes that theyre about to attack as I pass. "It's okay.  I'm a journalist.  You should see the emails I get."
Championship day deserves championship chili. https://t.co/8yfOZPH5cw
@Steve_Mann721 A very long day of pre-gaming at the Surf followed by a 43-7 loss.  I still have a headache.
Heaven help the person in line at the post office behind an old lady who is super picky about her Christmas stamps.  They need their own line.
@Steve_Mann721 No name. Wisconsin did not go with names on the back unless it was a bowl game (or the 1995 Colorado alternate jersey disaster) until 1997 and then names appeared for all games.
Today means breaking out the Jay Macias jersey from 1992.  Wisconsin, it's time to reach out and touch the flame. https://t.co/dHDuyzcVvn
@JKuenzie Jack, we only met for a few minutes a few years ago.  I've long held your reporting in high regard.  Whatever your next step is, know that I'm a fan.
To end all speculation, I have NOT been offered the Tennessee football head coaching job.  My focus is on anchoring the @KCRG TV9 News at Midday in 67 minutes.
Come on over to @KCRG right now.  Jim McDonough is in studio.  His piano and skill at the ready.  A true holiday treat.
@RUhawks Let's go Hawks!
Everybody likes nachos.  You know what is underrated?  Chilled nachos the next morning that you took home in a box from the restaurant.
TV News Cliche Watch:  instead of saying someone is "breaking his/her silence", what about dropping one's silence?  If dropped from high enough up, that silence would break.
News anchor life:  When you're doing a live story about an AED (automated external defibrillator), a news anchor has ONE thought: do NOT say "IUD" instead of "AED".
TV Sports Observation... and I was guilty of it for years when I did sports.  Why do so many stations shoot HS sports video from the sideline on a low-angle &amp; super tight?  Can't see any context on the play.  Move up a few rows to see some depth.  #OldManRantOver
Cedar Rapids.  Right now. https://t.co/DClLhf3Fld
News anchor life.  Saying "failed a field sobriety test" near the end of a nine-minute news block is the verbal version of a puppy on an obstacle course.
This is worth a read. https://t.co/mvLhBB5uJH
@MCFick Because you can... nuke... an argument.
TV News Cliche Watch:  when they say, "there was a heated argument".  I prefer my arguments chilled and cooled.  Shaken is possible.
Wait?!?  It's already 51 degrees in Cedar Rapids.  I didn't notice as I was jammin' to Night Ranger driving into work.  You can still.  Rock.  In.  America.  @KCRG until 7 a.m.
RT @Chris_Spatola: This Virginia-Wisconsin game is what we thought it would be. Novocain special.
Update from CRPD on a body found on Wednesday morning. https://t.co/BnyxVVKx06
With the news of the Royal Engagement, I am working to simplify her acting career.  Going with "on the game show 'Deal or No Deal', she was the person who held Case Number 24."
Welcome to Monday... Cyber Monday for some.  On this day - one day only - I'll offer 30% fewer bad puns /cringe-worthy moments from 4:30 to 7 am on @KCRG.  Free shipping, too.  Come on over.
Yes!  When I start flipping I see Grey Cup. Calgary. Argos. Snow Bowl!  Three downs. Rouges.  It's Uh-boot time.
Exactly what I want for Cyber Monday. https://t.co/7qcBHhXldu
I miss the carefree days of having Tyreek Hill throw unnecessary halfback options and the Chiefs not knowing how to run out the clock with a lead.
@EricLPauly Captain Checkdown gave it back.
However this turns out, at least the Chiefs are bowl eligible.  Only suspense is... Shreveport or Boise?
Whomever told the Chiefs' coaches during the bye week that the offense loses a timeout whenever throwing past the first down marker is a genius.
Why @UWMadison is special.  Strive to be excellent in academics AND athletics.  Try and do it the right way.  UW isn't perfect but, regardless of worldview, many of us who graduated from there want to make our world a little better.
Someday, if I exercise and eat right, I'll live long enough to see the Gophers take the Axe back.  Maybe. #OnWisconsin #proudalum
Nebraska has had a more drawn out and more disturbing second half than Boogie Nights.
Do it, Huskers.  Just bring back Pelini and tell him he can say whatever he wants.
I can't imagine we are anywhere near done with SEC coaching changes.  At least two more I suppose.
Gotta say I was wrong on Mizzou.  Six wins to end the year.  Yes, you can only beat the teams on your schedule but still 7-5.
RT @UNImbb: Victory for UNI ... the Panthers advance to the #Battle4Atlantis championship game with a 64-60 win over N.C. State. #UNIFight…
Being at a @HollisterCo with my teenage kids today makes me feel like an 88-year-old man at a college party. https://t.co/LkzIcwGkgQ
Philly's Doug Pedersen could be detained for shoplifting until March and still be the best coach in the NFC East.
Washington is so incompetent.  Not talking about politics this time.
As, for the third straight week, Dak Prescott now looks like Brett Hundley.
Am I asking too much for one of these NFL receivers to do the full Rod Tidwell for a touchdown celebration?  It's legal now.
Watching a commercial about a Cowboys TD celebration is so much better when it airs in a game where Dallas is shut out at home.
Chargers need to throw the ball on every down and go for 2 every time.  They're a car without windshield wipers.  And a left turn signal.
The Chiefs fans in that Raiders sweater commercial look so downtrodden.  Like KC just lost to the Giants or something.
@BillJohnstonNow You are a man in full.  I've covered HD for years as a reporter and your story is inspiring.  Have a blessed Thanksgiving.
Jake Rudock is on the Lions?!?
This game is now too close for Stafford to be effective in the 4th quarter.  That TD to get them within 4 is Detroit's kiss of death.
Vikings NFC North QB Destruction Tour continues (albeit, this one appears unintentional).
@WCCORosen No kidding, Rosie.  On a side note, have a great Thanksgiving.
So NFL players can do sack races and duck/duck/goose but THAT was taunting?
This Cooper Manning segment reveals that FOX has too much airtime to fill before the first game today.
Deciphering Younkers coupons to determine what is eligible and what isn't will keep my brain sharp and prevent memory loss later in life.  It's like an LSAT question.
Developing: CRPD blocks off alley between 9th/10th St SW (between 5th/8th Ave).  Crime scene tape.  Working on info. https://t.co/wJThTRygnI
Hey @FinishLine, is the 2-fer deal (2/$35, 2/$40) on college hoodies part of 2017 Black Friday?  (Has been my favorite purchase over the past decade.)  Thanks.
I have a segment on @KCRG at midday on cranberries.  I'll have to ask... when it comes to cranberries, do we have to let them linger?
Daughter constantly sings from Hamilton. That's okay.  In 1986, I had "Paul Revere".  #OneLonelyBeastieIBe #ColonialDays
The push for self-driving cars.  What could possibly go wrong?
What is Seattle thinking there?   That's Bucs- or Jets-level thinking.
These NFL coaches don't get the premise that you want the ball last in the first half.  Run the clock down. Screen passes.  Especially if you can't defend a kickoff return and you always overrush Russell Wilson.
Falcons still have no idea how to properly work a clock late in a half.
Seahawks have run the jet sweep and the fade.  If they dial up the wildcat on 3rd down, they'll have the trilogy of plays that never work.
C'mon Falcons.  This is about an hour earlier than your usual meltdown in a big game.
@MCSerch As Back to the Grill Again pops up on my Sirius, thanks for the groove.
NFL.  You've held up every market for new stadiums since dial-up.  Let's get a mobile site that does its one job well. Scores and real time.
I'd better not lose out on my final frontier of sports goals - the unbeaten ESPN Eliminator season - on a 9-9 tie.  C'mon KC, today is the make good for my 21-year-old self being at the Lin Elliott Game.
The Chiefs and Mizzou football just can't be decent at the same time, can they?
Look long game, Packer fans.  Couple more of these Sundays and maybe Rodgers will finally get leadership he doesn't have to cover up each year.
Starting to draft the obituary for my 2017 ESPN eliminator challenge.  Made it to Week 11 unblemished. And then Chiefs.
What fall Sunday becomes when too many top NFL players are out for the year. https://t.co/5tVVBqC9yX
I often decry Ravens-Steelers and how they play 13-10 games seemingly every other week.  Ravens-RodgerslessPackers is worse than leftover turkey.
For Christmas, I just want dramatic orchestra music, strings that play behind me during the turning points of my day, like in The Good Wife.
On the Baker Mayfield situation, perhaps that explains why Kansas wouldn't shake his hand before the game.
Congrats to @TU_Dannen and @GreenWaveFB on the huge win over Houston!!
If a football coach ever tries to force the school to let his son succeed him as head coach, winning by 20 at Okie State does help.  A little.
I knew my Lickliter swipe during the Ohio State game would eventually bring karma.  This was watching the football version of Lickliterball.
@dinodlz Then Rutgers, Maryland, Northwestern, Illinois, Indiana and Minnesota would never be on the Big Ten Network.
One silver lining for Iowa.  Perhaps an SEC school will poach Brohm from Purdue and they'll soon revert to the mean.
@David_M_Ryan I should specify.  This is all over the country.  Not just here.  I'm seeing it all over , even with good programs.
Due time, Due time. #ProudAlum https://t.co/9cmqQ3KtGb
I see LOTS of empty seats today.  Is college FB battling what the NFL does... that the home viewing experience is superior to committing 6 to 8 hours to one game, from door to door?
Nice work, Cyclones.  Home upsets are nice but also take care of the road opponents.
@richardmarx Don't give up.  Until you're satisfied.
Apparently, former @KCRG sports director John Campbell is freelancing as DC for Purdue when not on Big Ol Fish. https://t.co/xNhRrNAM4h
Can the Big Ten just swap out Illinois for Northern Illinois in the West?
Oklahoma is playing it smart.  Keep Kansas close and maybe KU won't roll the dice and try and get the right coach one day.
Wisconsin did Wisconsin things.  11-0.  Not that different than Iowa in 2015.  Just win the Big Ten title game.
Arkansas goes for it on 4th and 2 at their own 44 in a tie game.  At least all the empty seats can't boo.
@JustDave_1 @ChrisLongKSTP @tyler56088 Totally made my night (uh, morning - yes, I'm up at 3:44 AM on a Saturday as that's normal even on days off) as well. Thanks!  Deer River... NE MN.  DR ALWAYS starts 30 min before GR so we could get video. Seriously. Their AD asked me how to get more coverage.
@GUnit_81 What a bizarre halftime score.
Random.  If not for New Coke and the '85 Bears; "No Jacket Required" by Phil Collins would be 1985's trademark culture memory.
URGENT: Liberty High School class is cancelled today.  ICCSD Facebook page says law enforcement received a "credible threat" to "shoot up the school".
@TimMelia28 @MLS Well done!
Cedar Rapids Casino Coverage.  Commissioner Kramer keeps to her opinion from 2014 decision.  3-2 AGAINST a Linn County casino proposal.  @KCRG
Cedar Rapids Casino Coverage.  Commissioner Kristine Kramer citing the existing casinos and says Cedar Rapids "was the second-largest city when you turned gaming down". @KCRG
Cedar Rapids Casino Coverage.  Commissioner Kramer asks what has changed since 2014.  Already 2-2.  She holds the final vote.  @KCRG
Cedar Rapids Casino Coverage.  Heinrich: "this would be significant" (on affect on other casinos).  NOT in favor of a new license.  2-2 @KCRG
Cedar Rapids Casino Coverage. Heinrich: we have a responsibility to those already in business.  "Not sure adding a new license will help." @KCRG
Cedar Rapids Casino Coverage.  Heinrich: "Important that we make decisions... to allow this to continue." @KCRG
Cedar Rapids Casino Coverage.  Commissioner Heinrich notes the "small decline" in Iowa gambling revenue.  "Existing operations have made a real effort to keep re-investing... to draw people in." @KCRG
Cedar Rapids Casino Coverage.  Commissioner Heinrich said correspondence this time around from gaming parties have been "very sincere". @KCRG
Cedar Rapids Casino Coverage:  Commissioner Richard Arnold says he approves of a CR casino.  Now 2-1 in support on 5-person commission.  Carl Heinrich now talking. @KCRG
Cedar Rapids Casino Coverage:  Commissioner Arnold said "level of financial support" will provide do outweigh concerns with overall market impact.  Will support it. @KCRG
Cedar Rapids Casino Coverage:  Commissioner Arnold is working to communicate his position.
Cedar Rapids Casino Coverage:  Arnold also talking about the cannibalization concerns to existing casinos leading up to his decision.  @KCRG
Cedar Rapids Casino Coverage:  1 for, 1 against.  Commissioner Richard Arnold now talking.  @KCRG
Cedar Rapids Casino Coverage:  Lamberti: sees a flat market that he doesn't see growing anytime soon.  "I am unable to support any of the applications at this time." @KCRG
Cedar Rapids Casino Coverage.  Lamberti: "I don't see much of a change" and not much growth in Iowa gaming.  @KCRG
Cedar Rapids Casino Coverage: Lamberti called it a "great benefit to the community" but has yet to reveal final decision. @KCRG
Cedar Rapids Casino Coverage: Lamberti says "we do agonize over these decisions". Decision is "more difficult than three years ago."
Cedar Rapids Casino Coverage: Jeff Lamberti stresses that IRGC "has an open door policy".  Some like to believe "the fix is in"... "I find that rather interesting."
Cedar Rapids Casino Coverage: Commissioner Jeff Lamberti now talking.  LIVE on @KCRG and on https://t.co/uKEdnKTLLs, Facebook Live.
We are now live on @KCRG on the IRGC decision for a Linn County/Cedar Rapids casino.  Commissioner Mertz: "Cedar Rapids deserves something."
Come on over to @KCRG or https://t.co/uKEdnKTLLs very soon. IRGC is on.
@Aaron_Tank Can't really offer an answer on this (objectivity).  Curious to see what the IRGC thinks is different in 2017 compared with 2014.
An eventful Thursday - the IRGC will announce a decision on a Cedar Rapids casino at the 8:30 am meeting.  Live coverage on @KCRG as it happens (likely 9:15-9:30).  Come on over. - Chris
Arkansas changes the AD.  Always liked Jeff Long's tweets/sincere concern for student-athletes.  Like Nebraska, Ark is a tough place to win compared with 20 years ago.
Fremragende, Denmark!   All hygge from here on out.
@Dave_Matter All I need is just a little more time and I'll get the joke.
@mar1jdh @Super70sSports A fragrance that will make you go 33-49 every year
The USMNT at least has good company for the 2018 World Cup sidelines.  Is there an NIT they can all play in?
TV News Cliche Watch.  "Pushing the envelope" is a useless cliche unless you're reporting from Manila.  In that setting, perfectly acceptable.
Congrats to former Hawkeye Adrian Clayborn for having a most lucrative Sunday. https://t.co/L8ZIhhwdZ6
Quite a few delays in the viewing area with the copious fog. https://t.co/fDfNOb2zNv https://t.co/CSoNZQeqLO
KCRG - Closings https://t.co/CSoNZQeqLO
A very special story on Spc. Jacob Hutchinson - a story I've waited years to offer. Join us @KCRG until 7 am. https://t.co/Lx8sT15ikn
Few garage sales on Saturday morning interest me. https://t.co/h8DiKI0zbH
Not an alum.  KU fan.  I love this. https://t.co/dXeH65VyqW
"No time for cross talk." #MakeMeAngryIn5Words
Random. Cedar Rapids had 14 silent theatres 100 years ago.  Was there a "no talking" policy?  Would you get "shushed" at a silent film?
@FlannyMLB I'm glad he's okay. Hope this wasn't because he left the tree stand out there too long.
Eagerly awaiting the new basketball thriller. "One and Done", starring Steve Alford, three UCLA players and possibly... Terry Branstad?
RT @BucksBango: Find someone who looks at you the way @Beyonce looks at me! ❤️ https://t.co/c9XKlKhU5g
Something to be said about going out on top. @JerryGallagher, I treasured our battles thru the years. Best wishes on your next step.
Few things make me smile more at 3:07 am than seeing George Jefferson with a trademark criticism of the housework. https://t.co/A2D6WxZogy
Welp. https://t.co/k1xxKpsOyf
AM anchors make choices.  Wake up early at 1:30 to watch for: Aaron Rodgers or Mad Men back then.  Sleep til 2:30 when: Jay Cutler.
When I retire when I'm 73, I won't say I'm going to take it easy.  I'll "take it like the Chiefs down 11". Nice and slow.
Love competition but 7th grade hoops teams who full-court max press during first weekend may win their games but they kill the sport.
I believe a potato sack TD celebration is bad football karma.  However, my kids and I discover it freaks out our dog when we do it.
RT @espnSteveLevy: I've always been a fan of clever newspaper headlines. https://t.co/s5w3qwYMIf
8 for 8 on my ESPN eliminator pick so far.  Cringing as I pick the Tennessee Titans to keep me tied for first on the planet.
Snow bowl!  Colorado St at Wyoming.  Wyoming's receivers can't catch when it's sunny and 72. https://t.co/NdzZ36pAMa
Saying Minnesota is a rival with Michigan is like saying I have a rivalry with healthy eating.
Seeing Ohio St. lose by 31 is the college football equivalent of Cameron Frye and Farmer Ted beating up the Cobra Kai with tire irons.
Arkansas QB just flexed his bicep as a TD celebration.  To make it 39-38 Arkansas over Coastal Carolina.
Shifting to this SEC thriller; I like my karma "coastal-style".
Fake field goal!  Do it Kirk!  Do it for all the Big Ten schools squashed by Buckeye over the years.
I haven't been this jazzed about Iowa putting up 45 points since Lickliterball.
Nate Stanley just threw a TD while a Buckeye defender was nipping at his ankle like a stray poodle.  #Menomonie
A freebie for Saturday night newspaper headline writers if Iowa wins: "Grin and Barrett".  No charge, no guarantee.
Urban Meyer just had the standard reaction any dad has as the surprise guest on Maury Povich during "Who's the Dad?" week.
Penn State-Sparty have resumed in front of a Kansas-sized crowd. https://t.co/bqzz71YgWE
I'm not a native Iowan but this makes me incredibly proud to live in Iowa. https://t.co/k6LkHlLdbE
I anticipate the day in 2038 when we all have flying cars.  And I'll look down at Collins Road and Northland and still see construction.
Pretty easy theme from the early kickoffs.  Good teams beat lousy teams.  Oh, and Baylor and Mizzou won.
That Kia Rio spot withe camera crew and dudes slamming the hood is cute.  Until they pick the wrong car and the driver has had a bad day.
The Indiana QB is always a threat.  I think it's because he is the last American under 30 who answers to the name "Richard".
@kSelvig Mizzou's best offense is keeping Florida's offense on the field.
Florida is doing a better job of running out the clock than Mizzou is.  By the way, Florida is down 19.
Watching Florida's QB communicate with his coaches and receivers would look like me trying to hail a cab in Bora Bora.
Just heard under Snyder, K-State is something like 176-11 when leading at half.  That's a lot of September directional schools plus KU.
Did Florida even do a basic Google search on their interim coach's Miami tenure before moving him into the big headset?
As I feared today, Wisconsin finds itself in medium-high trouble in Bloomington.
Careful, Mizzou. Win this game and perhaps you will keep everything in place for 2018.
Happy Saturday.  With one cinema pick and also Bundesliga soccer (per my son's request). https://t.co/Aet5EZx0qe
@TylerMurry_ Is the turf wet?  Prone to slipping?  Asking for a friend.
That was quick. Rodgers goes down. Now Clay is playing for Al Pacino's latest team from Any Given Sunday. https://t.co/vp5oJ5bEMG
Happy birthday @Michael_Buffer. Met you at Lambeau in 1999 - you were most gracious.  Wish I had your voice when I anchor the news.
The next time the Astros win the World Series, please do it in the J.R. Richard Special rainbow jerseys.
Congratulations!  Y'all did it.  :)  So happy for your team.
Life choices.  I can keep working out in the basement.  Or try and learn "Round and Round" for the piano. RATT wins.
@mar1jdh I do recognize their recent SEC September games in other years.  If they win BT title game and to 13-0, it's all moot.  They're in.
Have no problem with Wisconsin at 9.  If you're in BT West, you HAVE to schedule better if you want in right away.
The monthly siren testing at 8:50 am in Cedar Rapids makes me drive like I'm escaping 1983 Kansas City in "The Day After".
As a Royals fan, I spent years rooting against Justin Verlander.  I wanted him to close out Game 6 pretty bad.  Almost.
Some call today Halloween. Packer fans call this the day Favre &amp; Co destroyed the Bears in that Monday Night Monsoon 23 years ago.
No circus peanuts today, please.  Or any day.  Thank you.
Recycling is cool.  Recycling leftover Peeps from Easter tonight as Halloween candy is not cool.
Good morning and welcome to Halloween.  Dress in layers tonight when you're trying to bag those Mr. Goodbars.  @KCRG until 7 am.
Post something nice about your rival. @JerryGallagher is good at what he does but we're all better off each AM with @KCRG #sweepstakes
Halftime highlights for Bradshaw are like beers.  He's good on the first two games but, by the fifth or sixth, the words get fuzzy.
Think YOU had a good weekend? https://t.co/Gczu17Yeom
Yes, Cleveland, run a fade route on 3rd and goal with that QB.
If a team loses to the Browns &amp; plays in a recently taxpayer-funded stadium, that team should return the public money within 10 days.
I possess one of the few unbeaten entries in the ESPN Eliminator.  Sweating out the Vikings...
Did Thielen start that play in the back of the end zone and the refs missed it?   Goodness Browns.
I'm still not used to seeing the Vikings not playing in the Sam Rosen or Kenny Albert Game on FOX.  It's jarring to hear a new voice.
If you root for the Packers, Vikings-Browns becomes your Super Bowl.  You want Browns to win but not to knock out Bradford or Keenum.
Arizona State remains the Singing Frog of college football.
Took 9 years to get to the moon.  On Year 6 of the Westdale project.  Peck's in CR got cleared out in, oh, 6 days. https://t.co/Px1qFrgYTP
@stonetastic Unless anyone can "bundle down", or "gear down" or "bring their H-game", I agree.  People would be "up in arms" otherwise.
Why did I think Arizona State would beat USC?  The Sun Devils already had their one relevant-upset-per-decade against Washington.
I would expect USC to pick up five straight holding penalties to make up for that ticky-tack ASU personal foul.
As much as I've enjoyed the bizarre late game coaching and reffing of Tenn-UK and Neb-Purdue, they've both been highly entertaining.
Gutty comeback by Nebraska.  And Purdue... is back in its rightful place here in the MAC West, er, Big Ten West.
How did Kentucky win five games?  And four of them weren't against Mizzou?
If this doesn't scream Apple Picking Weekend... https://t.co/lCo2LDpwcj
Tennessee is terrible this year but Kentucky is still Kentucky.
Nebraska is down 12.  Need that hurry-up.  Only four field goals down.
Nebraska Scarlet Knights just got done in by a fake punt on 4th and 19.
It's like Florida and A&amp;M are trying to see who can have the first coaching vacancy.
I agree with Boatrower there.  Refs call PI when a CB doesn't turn his head.  What if he doesn't touch the WR before ball arrives?
Mizzou needs to schedule Idaho and UConn for the non-con until the year 2525.
Minnesota needs to get Ricky Foggie to break this dry spell.  They might even settle for Asad Abdul-Khaliq.
Few Saturday occurrences bring me more joy than Oklahoma finding itself in a fight it wasn't expecting.  Very USC-like.
Mizzou and Purdue have perfect color schemes but they clog it up with wide numbers or a bad font.  Corby Jones-era were MU's best unis. https://t.co/6ZkOQyb0St
The Hawkeyes didn't like that fumble recovery and review but Kirk got more than his money worth, as any leader would attest.
I never thoughts I'd see the year where Arkansas dressed up like Ohio State and Ohio State looks like a team from Any Given Sunday.
A real bad beat is coming for Penn State backers.  See Michigan State-Indiana last week...
Not the end of the world, Penn State.  You have 3 timeouts.  You also have the first guy named Barkley won might actually win something.
ISU's AD is now the guy who started dating a waitress who, in two years, became Miss America.  Do whatever to hang onto Matt Campbell.
Storming the field is awesome.  Storming the field on Halloween weekend is double awesome. #DudesDressedAsBananas.
Wow Iowa State!!  The road to the Big XII still goes through Ames.
TCU has a QB where you really can rush zero and drop 11.
Easy there. ABC play by play guy.  You're not the one leading TCU 14-7 late.  Lanning is in because he won't fumble.
CyclONE first down.  Just one first down.
Love when a Jack Trice game gets to be a camera shaker.
This Wisconsin-Illinois game is a tough watch.  The Matt Campbell Bowl in Oxford is entertaining... I'll admit that.
Arkansas just ran a 4th/1 where QB faked a fumble on the drop back.  Why not fake their incompletions, dropped passes or blown coverages?
@sully7777 Sully is bringin it today.
1A Final: Pleasantville 32, West Branch 13.
1A epic in progress.  Pleasantville 10, West Branch 7 at half.  PV with a 43-yd field goal in copious flurries on last play of half.
@brendatheartist THIS is when a day gets better unexpectedly. Possibly my favorite song in 42 years on the planet. https://t.co/NGiQdBI7hL
Just watching Stanford-Oregon State last three minutes.  Seriously, OSU.  How does that happen?
On this gusty overcast day in Iowa, hearing "The Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald" this morning is striking for this former Duluthian.
@stonetastic There is value in writing conversationally.
TV News (and PR) Cliche Watch:  This tweet is to "spread awareness" about "spread awareness".  Perhaps "let more people know..."
1998 Sports Anchor Me: "The Dodgers burned through more pitchers than downtown Iowa City on a Friday night."  I'm wiser now... I think.
A snapshot into the life of an AM news anchor. https://t.co/n7XH3rFraG
Another autumn carnival of color in Eastern Iowa. https://t.co/qQCMoZbRKN
@APConKGYM Circus peanuts are the number 1 overall seed every year on the worst Halloween candy.
@SInow You'd think Daniel would avoid using the bathroom when the Cobra Kai is around.
RIP Fats Domino.  Passed away at age 89.  The man Elvis once called "the real king of rock 'n roll."
Good morning.  A look at the moon from Monday night - before the true cold air arrived.  @KCRG from now til 7 am. https://t.co/CJDee4Hb0X
The road to the Big XII title goes through... Ames.  How cool is that?
@mattlindner See you at the El Cortez.  Ask for a guy under the name "Larry Gura".
@Kaj_OMara @NicoleAgee This is why we can't have nice things.
RT @Kaj_OMara: @NicoleAgee I will say though, PSL sales should increase by about 10 times thanks to the colder air this week/weekend.
The Atlanta coaching staff should have to sit out next week.  Because concussion protocol.  That's the only explanation.
Going to see my @PIXIES get a little commercial love, 28 years after their greatest album.  #Doolittle
No dog in Falcons-Pats but the "28-3" signs make me cringe.  NE was historically awful for the first 43 min of SB. Why brag about it?
The B-team NFL morning show on FOX with Gonzalez, Cowherd and Vick is better than ESPN Countdown.
No Chiefs.  No Aaron Rodgers.  Who wants to go apple picking today?
@thatbaseballgal Happy for you all!! Congrats!
We need one of these flailing football programs to hire Les Miles or Tommy Tuberville to get them away from a booth.
Does USC ever show up in the first half of any game?
Best unis of the day, Tulane. https://t.co/CXMW6lnpJ4
Apparently very en vogue today to play for OT in 10-10 games.
@WillGatz @StanfordSteve82 O/U was also 50.5...
@alexpowellw I was there that fateful day.  Standing under the goalposts when the Falcons booted it through.
Oh no, Florida State. On the read option, the seldom-used third choice.  QB drops the football late in a tie game.
N'western playing this "Arkansas-style".  Play for OT to absolve the coach from blame and lay it at the feet of the players if they lose.
I can't think of anything finer than the possibility of this Hawks-Purple Cats game going 7 OTs.
Wadley was so exhausted in that 3rd down huddle.  I'm thinking "don't give him the ball.  He could barely clap on 'HUT'".
I can't explain Iowa State in 2017.  I've been wrong about them every week.
How scoring impacts football and commercial breaks.  Iowa-Northwestern have 8 min left in 4th.  Idaho-Mizzou have 8 min left in 3rd.
Is this 1944?  Even as they made it, why in the world would Northwestern go for it there in a 7-7 game?
Either Iowa or Northwestern could win this by going into their 17-minute offense.
Mizzou going with the block M helmet and italics on the uniforms.  Like polka dots and Zubaz.
That being said, Chiefs have too many holes right now.  Weak O-line, weak D-line and endgame strategy challenges.
Watching Chiefs-Raiders on DVR just now.  The 1972 USSR men's basketball team thinks the officiating at the end was perfect.
C'mon, Astros. Steal this one and go back and close this out.  Always found your fans classy and fun during the 2015 ALDS.
Always great hearing from you!  I would be very surprised if your Dodgers didn't close it out tonight. https://t.co/4hZf3xiKMp
Here at @TheSkyFactory in Fairfield for Made in Eastern Iowa.  Want this as your ceiling? https://t.co/P6Lm5NiM51
@Hassel_Chris @AndyFales I don't deny that.  Nebraska is approaching the Rutgers schedule reaction. "Oh, we've got Nebraska at home.  Meh."
@Abe_Froman_34 Always felt Missouri was a better Big Ten fit with Illinois and even Iowa.
@Chadlang33 @AndyFales A long time ago, yes, but Arkansas has never been a culture fit with the SEC. OU, OSU, Mizzou, KU within 300 miles.
@AndyFales Too late, obviously, but a Big 12 with Mizzou, Nebraska, Arkansas and A&amp;M would be better for all.  Just better culture fits.
TV News Cliche Watch: "Getting the upper hand" is important but don't underestimate the lower hand.  Use that to "pick up the pieces".
Random: Few tastes are as unsatisfying at 2:24 a.m. as biting into a blueberry bagel and realizing you bought the whole wheat version.
In life you make your own luck.  Convinced that bad luck on that came from not getting any points down 12-3.
No big deal. Chiefs are only down 9.  That's one score on the new math.
Don't go for two, Andy.  You're down 3.
If the Chiefs can't do the math when down 9, I can only imagine Reid's frustration as to why that nickel doesn't work in Aldi carts.
@mellinger Didn't the entire stadium and everyone watching know Hunt was going to get the ball on a play like that?
The Steelers' coaches are laughing at the Chiefs from the sideline.  "We've found the one team that manages a game worse than we do!"
Yosted at Arrowhead.
I don't know what to tell you, Chiefs.  As the parent of teenagers, I can tell you this is a remarkable lapse of long term judgment.
Asking too much for the Chiefs to have a little bit of tempo?  Please?
Nantz tried really hard with that video game reference.  Stay with me in the Over 40 pool of references.
Little early for the Chiefs to go prevent defense.  Plus they're down 9.
Shemar Moore is SWAT?  He has a Supreme Court Justice like longevity with CBS. I admire that.  Always lands a role.
If the Chiefs are going January Mode in October, that's better than January.  Awaiting that 11 minute drive when down 9 in the 4th.
I bet the Packers will now be playing in a lot of Kenny Albert/Sam Rosen FOX noon kickoffs whenever possible now.
Avoided the digital world since 11:30 am.  Watching Packers-Vikings now on DVR.  Rodgers injury means I'll rake leaves instead.  Man.
Random.  I ask as a pizza driver in college. If you're open Sunday at 5 pm, why not open at 12 on NFL Sundays??
@TallBldGuy I don't get the sense with, say, West Virginia (very isolated in the Big 12) has fallen behind in their new settling like Nebraska has.
@KGertsen If their football program was where, say, Wisconsin's has been the last 15 years, their influence would be far greater.
Nebraska has become Rural Rutgers. Like Mizzou and Arkansas, they jumped for the TV money but lost rivalries and influence.
Arkansas is down 41-3 but there's a segment of the sporting segment watching this final drive with robust interest.
Careful, ESPN. Each Colts-Titans Monday Night Football promo makes me think of cutting the cord.
$25,000 Pyramid.  Markie Post: "The Rachel. Skee-Lo. Nebraska football.."  Contestant: "Things people feared in 1995 but shrug off now!"
Random.  Is there ever a setting where "You Only Get What You Give" by the New Radicals doesn't work?
Every time the Mizzou punter dances around after getting it inside the 10, it just means a 90-yard drive is coming instead of 75 yards.
How did Fowler and Herbie get stuck with Arkansas-Alabama.  Bad karma.
Amused by how "Tennessee" always trends on my Twitter feed for two hours after another home loss.
Get going, Miami.  It's a downpour.  No field goal is guaranteed.  Run your little bubble screens and win the game.
Miami finally gets it.  Running the same bubble screen every time.  That's right.  Make the defense tackle wet players.
If Tom Herman almost always wins as an underdog, Kansas or Mizzou should throw $25 million a year at him.
On TV &amp; college football injuries.  Can we have a little restraint on the overhead cam when a player is down?  A wide side shot is fine.
Why does Miami keep throwing the ball in a monsoon?  The ball is slippery.  Run the ball.  That makes the runner slippery to tackle.
Wisconsin needs to bring in Jamar Fletcher for a pick-six and be rid of this Purdue team.
Is there an OT playbook for teams with less talent? With doomed rollouts to the left for right-handed QBs?  I see these every week.
Not sure which puzzles me more.  Kansas football itself or the fact that there's a campaign for a new stadium for this.
I sat thru 26 forecasts today at work.  26.  Yet I find myself about to run against this.  Seriously, Earl... https://t.co/tXaaEvVsai
Happy Eighth-Inning-in-Houston-Day, fellow Royals fans.
Okay, "mayoral forum" is really difficult to say on a newscast.  May I never report on a mayoral forum on renewable fuels.
Slow Hands has become the new Despacito.  I can't avoid it.  Ever.
I am down with this... if only they could find a way to Iowa. https://t.co/skchMYqFGC
Hardest sentence I could ever try &amp; read on TV: "A brewery uses renewable fuels as a memorial to psychiatrists who failed to matriculate."
@ryudragon2 Which article? Thanks.
Hearing an actual radio station play "Madalaine" by Winger in 2017 renews my hope for society.
@ahepker @NicoleAgee Always great hearing from you.  One of these days, it needs to be over a lighter story.
When you're a man who has been a news anchor for 20 years, the fixed costs change.  Less money spent on hair, more money spent on makeup.
If it's a Monday night NFL matchup that I find interesting, I watch. If not, I watch the Spanish feed.  Hello, ESPN2.
Congrats, Astros, on making ALCS.  See how much easier it is when you don't need to face the Royals in the 8th?  Seriously, hope you win.
TV News Cliches.  "No Holds Barred".  I've never had my holds barred.  Does this require two hands?  Can I bar my holds myself?
@jennyvonz Hey!  Congratulations on your big weekend!  Keep doing great work there at Z.
As Iowa St has 4 presidential finalists on campus, I want to see if Matt Campbell is 1 of the 4.  Beat Oklahoma, opportunities surface.
The Dallas Cowboys really are the Wile E. Coyote of the NFL.
Thanks for running that fade with 1:15 left, Cowboys.
Still enough time for Rodgers to score 21 points in regulation.
Ah, the Fade.  Good work, Cowboys.  Wisconsin thanks you.
@RobertPriceTV I think margin of error also helps, too.
The bigger story to me is that Dallas doesn't seem to trust Dak to win it.
Dallas is doing what Mich State did to Iowa in the 2015 Big Ten title game.  They really are giving themselves little margin of error.
Surprised the Cowboys are so methodical on this drive. They're down 4.  It's trickling away on them.
Mizzou-UK refs operated as fast as an indifferent cashier there.  Now UK is calling a timeout - to make sure Mizzou has the right play.
Mizzou-Kentucky gets the officiating that this game deserves.
Go for 2 and win it now, Kansas State.
Kentucky has my respect.  They refuse to go into the prevent defense.   Getting burned deep every drive but at least no prevent.
If you can't get 3rd and 1 against Missouri's defense, go play intramurals.
Nebraska runs out to the Alan Parsons song the Bulls used during the 1990s. We all daydream to our peak era, I suppose.
I would listen to Ed Orgeron deliver a Sunday sermon in a room with good acoustics.
Navy 48, Air Force 45.  Game taking so long all of the players will have completed their 5-year military commitment by the final horn.
He hasn't been on the sidelines in a while but I want to see Arkansas have Nolan Richardson coach FOOTBALL the rest of the year.
I'm setting the DVR for LSU-Florida just so I can try and translate the Orgeron halftime interview.
What?  The TD-break-kickoff-break for WV-TCU?!?  These two don't play defense.  You'll get your commercial breaks, guys.
There, there.  You won't have to watch this underachieving team for too much longer. https://t.co/qnZRkA4xzt
Okay, I'll zip it for a while.  Those last eight minutes took a lot out of me.
Every 3 or 4 years, Iowa State football wrecks the story placement and construction of local TV newscasts in Iowa. Glad I'm off today
Iowa State wins at Oklahoma. And Kansas, in seven years of a rebuild, is losing 55-19 to the team that doesn't play defense.
Goodness, now I've gotta find a new game for the 2:30 block?  I don't wanna leave.
As a guy who grew up in the Big 8, watching my teams lose 77-0, 64-3, 70-10 to Oklahoma, it's sweet to not hear Boomer Sooner.
In the locker room, I imagine Matt Campbell has missed calls from Knoxville, Fayetteville, Baton Rouge and, heck, the LA Chargers.
I guess Bob Stoops missed the call.
Mayfield had more time to run around Oklahoma than Tom Cruise in Far And Away.  Iowa State still survives. Wow.
Smart move.  This gives the Oklahoma coach enough time to call Bob Stoops for help on how to fix this.
Oklahoma is going more nervous than a long-tailed kitty kat in a roomful of rocking chairs.
Iowa State better be careful. If they win this, OU &amp; Texas will conspire to throw ISU out of the Big XII and bring in Houston or SMU.
What a beautiful drive by Iowa State.  Still lots of time but still not enough for OU to feel comfortable.
Throwing a deep fade to Lazard is like sending in The Wolf to help Jules and Vincent Vega.
I was skeptical until I saw Lazard was under it.  Wow he has been so good for so long.
Allen (add your favorite verb/adverb/celebratory word) Lazard.
If Iowa State wins this, would it be justifiable use of the gas tax increase to put a Joel Lanning statue up by Halloween?
Deliberate, Cyclones.  Go at the "Andy Reid's team down by 10 with the ball and three minutes left" pace.
I appear to be having a better day than Number 57 for Oklahoma.  Ouch.
Huge penalty for Oklahoma.  Now Iowa State can bleed this like out.
Okay, back home.  31-31.  Just saw last three plays.  Safe to say ISU defense is spent?  Clones better have a 1987-style drive to win this.
If Iowa State pulls this off, the only negative is that Campbell might be coaching Tennessee, LSU or Arkansas by Wednesday.
Seriously, Cyclones?!?  You're tied with Oklahoma 24-24 in the 4th while I'm at my kid's show choir?  Work with my schedule, guys.
How did Illinois not see that coming?  The fake punt is the only play to watch for.
Holy Green Wave.  It's like 1998 again for Tulane.  #ClosingTime
@danspellerberg I usually abide by this but Missouri and BYU are proving otherwise.
@danspellerberg I am avoiding LSU the rest of the year.  Can't trust em.
@danspellerberg Probably not.  But I also like Houston, Toledo, Kentucky, Colorado and South Carolina to, uh, surpass expectations.
Saturday. https://t.co/TSNKWNCtgA
What's better than college football Saturday?  College football Saturday with "There's Something About Mary" playing beforehand.
The day Casey Kasem had to play Muskrat Love on AT40, I bet he called long distance for pamphlets on retirement property in Florida.
Upsets I like for today:  Northwestern and West Virginia.  Both long shots.
When driving a company-marked car, bad PR to almost hit a runner. Hope you use more care when you paint.  Actually, use more care driving.
Man, Cleveland-Yankees has me tense.  And I can't stand either team.
@RobertPriceTV The best solo Go Go song was not Belinda.  That would be @janewiedlin  with "Rush Hour".
Random: Heaven is a Place on Earth by Belinda Carlisle still has it, 30 years later.
Update from Washington on the school situation. https://t.co/rcikNbj3ug
Cotton candy clouds in Cedar Rapids. @KCRG_FirstAlert https://t.co/Pqzeyy96qh
For all the modern video technology, can I get that 1984 video screen that can shoot water like in "The Reflex"?  Is it on eBay?
Don't pitch to Dozier.  Ever.  He's hit more Royals harder than the British tabloids.
After seeing playoff crowds in KC, Houston and Toronto, the NY crowd makes this feel like... Twins-Yankees on a Tuesday night in June.
@beth_wellington Rooting for the Yankees is like rooting for the house in blackjack.
Okay, Twins and Yankees.  Do your best to make this game anywhere near as exciting as the 2014 AL Wild Card.  1/4 as exciting will do.
Actually exited to root for the Twins tonight in the playoffs. What's wrong with me?
Good morning.  Following the major news, of course, but also a smile -- the delayed Honor Flight should take off today from CR. @KCRG
@rachelacrosby has been stellar on LV situation.  Here is a number in case any of you have a loved one on the Strip &amp; can't reach them. https://t.co/IuaUL6MmBz
Las Vegas Update.  LVPD: At least 50 people dead from gunfire, 200+ injured.  Suspect killed is Stephan Paddock, 64, from the area.
LV Law Enforcement: Confident that there is no longer a threat.
LV Law Enforcement: "20 plus" have died, 100+ injured from attack near Mandalay Bay.  One suspect is dead, looking for female companion.
The major story so far on this Monday morning - just outside Mandalay Bay, south end of the LV Strip. https://t.co/VQh7vgJ8Di
Hey @therealsophieb, realized yesterday as I ran that I've been running to your songs for 25 years.  A thank you is in order so thanks!
Quite a run. https://t.co/YC9mAroCpV
If the Royals had all three Padres pitchers walk off the field at the same time, I'd be just as emotional.
For the Royals fans.  Let's savor this last day of "the era".  Not just the players who will leave but I also expect Ned's finale today.
When I see "Steelers at Ravens" as my noon game, that's my cue to find something else to do.  Life is too short for another 13-10 game.
This is delicious. https://t.co/I6cY7ydPlf
LSU is like the Madden player in August new to the latest version and trying to find that one play was always works.
If you enjoy watching college football dumpster fires outside of Knoxville, Troy-LSU awaits your attention on ESPNU. 17-0 Troy.
Superb piece on Eric Hosmer - he inspired a city, befriended the sick, embraced families of tragedy.  And, oh yeah, won a World Series. https://t.co/sGyVCFwFI1
Decline it, Iowa.  You need time.  Also let's avoid fielding punts at the goal line.
I'm not a football coach BUT... when I'm down 7, there's 3:30 left and my D makes a big stop, maybe I don't burn the TO automatically.
At least the Dikembe Finger Wave (aka The Incompletion Special) remains off the list of college football unsportsmanlike conduct.
I know it's Florida State-Wake but at least it's the sport you're expecting to watch until the Iowa game comes on. @KCRG
As the words "Iowa" and "FOX" are trend on my Twitter.  Networks schedule sports way too tight in this era of copious commercials.
Down 7, just saw a Temple player get a first down and then go backwards, lose the first down and get tackled.  Drop it next time.
Gophers might have today's best helmets but they're about to lose at home to the Turtle and their third QB of the season.
@BruceCiskie Should have been the Gophers coach in 2006, 2010 and 2016.
@BruceCiskie When I worked in Eau Claire, the Golds were actually good.
Mizzou and Kansas are on bye.  Nebraska played last night.  I need to find new punching bags for today.
Northwestern almost always plays Wisconsin tough in Camp Randall. They recruit lots of similar players - NU motivated to win there.
@danspellerberg No formal pics but I really like Tennessee, South Carolina, Oklahoma State and UCLA.
Saturday.  Enjoy. https://t.co/QfSFzacxPz
@ChrisDuerr This is when you assess how it will look on Monday when you're back on TV.  Squeeze/drain on Friday, probable for the Monday lineup.
Of course USC converted that 4th and 13 against Wazzu.
Has anyone ever felt worse at the end of Blondie's "Heart of Glass" than they did at the start? Nope.
Congrats, Minnesota Twins.  Pains me to say it but congrats.  From 59-103 to the playoffs... Impressive.
Feeling same way about end of 2017 Royals season as I did Brett's last game in 1993.  End of an era we may never see this way again.
My 2007 novel, The Interim, was about a college BB program where a plane crash revealed a cash envelope for a recruit from Louisville.
One side effect from today's college basketball news: The coaching in the basketball leagues on the inside is going to be much improved.
Like you don't see this and wish you were riding that motorcycle in GTA Vice City. https://t.co/44UN7ixtIY
Today is college b'ball version of the last 20 min of "Casino" - when the mobsters all met their end as "House of the Rising Sun" plays.
Working in a TV newsroom in Louisville, Kentucky just qualified for "newsroom pizza" at some point today.
Convinced my son to watch video for "Take on Me" by a-ha.  He was actually impressed by the comic strip storyline.  Bridging generations.
Thank you, @TheRealHos35, in the last of week '17.  Model 1B, always cared, fearless, true leader.  Be great in '18, wherever you play.
I do love that the Chargers - regardless of town, city or stadium - remain every other NFL team's ninth home game.
When you're 42, you grew up thinking gorillas crushed suitcases in airports and that rollercoasters crashed into piles of shaving cream.
Honored to be with @alsassociation Iowa Chapter today at Kingston for today's Walk to Defeat ALS. @KCRG https://t.co/w4ylcywYUX
Eliminator pick.  Had Packers on Wk 3 when season started but I do not trust their defense.  Using Patriots pick earlier than I like to.
My son sees the Dave &amp; Buster ad and says, "so it's like Chuck E. Cheese... for dads."
A classic game but one final question.  We're done calling taunting penalties on touchdowns I suppose now, correct?
Heartbreak.  Penn State wins it "Marvin McNutt" style.  Bravo, Hawks.  Bravo.
Barkley is Madden 94 Emmitt Smith.
More weird stuff at Kinnick night games.  Still 15-13. Hold on.  We're not done yet, Hawks.
Rats.  The one time Iowa got more than two yards when running on first down... a fumble.
Well, from what I've seen today, Missouri and Vanderbilt still have a shot at the SEC East.
Oh, Mizzou. Here, it just means more.
Whoa.  Auburn punted. I assumed road teams against Missouri were leaving punters behind on the trip to save money in 2017.
Oklahoma is becoming absolutely unglued in Waco.
There you go, Nate Stanley.  Let's not start your drives in University Heights or the VA Hospital parking lot.
Iowa could very well lose 19-7 and their defense would qualify as this week's Defensive MVP.
Look in the stands of Columbia and Lawrence.  That's why guys like Saban make $9 million a year.  If you can buy the best, do it.
Mizzou is dressing like overripe bananas tonight. Their defense is about as firm.
TCU finally makes this game over in every possible manner.
I can't help you, Oklahoma State. A halfback pass when you're driving?  Again, I don't do weather.  I do news.
I'll give it up to South Carolina.  They did everything to lose... and are going to win.
Louisiana Tech is icing a terrified kicker.  Overthinking.
Run one more play, South Carolina.  Your kicker is 0-4 this year.
Get over to Boston College-Clemson.  Just bizarre.  7-7.  Late 3rd.
So Cal is either dressed up as the 1983 USFL Oakland Invaders or, for my Duluth friends, the Esko Eskomos. https://t.co/NECdV5geaX
Karma.  Even dressed as a Buckeye.
Arkansas should have dressed up like UCLA instead of Ohio State.
The Loser Leaves Town Game between Arkansas-A&amp;M is entertaining.  State economies should shift based on who loses because of buyouts.
Yeah, Tulane!!  In a game where every point mattered.
@JThubkova I thought so until I saw them attempt to tackle the Central Michigan players two weeks ago.
While A&amp;M is down 14, they're playing the other team that I could see losing a 44-10 second half lead.
If you open a popular taco shop with a line 22 deep but only one person on a register, the math can get a little... fuzzy.
@FearTheWaveBlog I want one that looks exactly like today's helmet. "I demand satisfaction".   It'll go with my now well-Worn Tulane hoodie. https://t.co/fRwvFjCKlo
@FearTheWaveBlog If I could get this logo on a baseball hat, I'll buy it today.
Dressing up like Ohio State may or may not bring karma today.
Kansas showed up to play.  Then they stopped running because, oh, who needs 7 yards a carry?
I'll give almost anything to see Iowa show up in these tonight at Kinnick. https://t.co/bInXEJ6MTO
Paradise by the basement light. https://t.co/ImiwCQEXpy
Tulane has the BEST uniforms I've seen this year. @FearTheWaveBlog https://t.co/gR9CEfrmfp
Herbstreit's suit game is on point today. https://t.co/jIpUjAhCtY
@runcrandic I'm in.  Not sure which race yet but I'm in.