@backeys tamerelshakankiry@yahoo.com
@hamdanfazza_ Please read my message .
@HamdanMohammed 	Hi , do  you have another account on twitter you invited me through it to your birth day celebration on November 14?	Regards	Tamer ELshakankiry
@jeffweiner https://t.co/ioA0HvzSwK
@jeffweiner https://t.co/S1tqWlTWLx
@jeffweiner !!!
@jeffweiner You are in vain people dealing with your clients as if they are insects with no feeling or notion .
@jeffweiner You are in vain people dealing with your clients as if they are insects with no feeling or notion .
@jeffweiner I am gonna knock out cause of pleasure,they compensate me with  free trial of one of your products ! they fool me,they call what they done tome(troubles)and I call it DISASTER&amp;CATASTROPHE,they consider my case(closed)by this and I consider it OPEN till get my rights
@jeffweiner I am gonna knock out cause of pleasure , they compensate me with a free trial of one of your products ! they fool me , they call what they done to me(troubles)and I call it DISASTER &amp; CATASTROPHE , they consider my case(closed)by this and I consider it OPEN till I get my rights
@LinkedInHelp Hi , glad to hear that , I was obligated to use Twitter Support as no one replied to my E-Mails , I sent more than 3000 mails and you can check by your self , thanks again for your concern you are really respectful .
@jeffweiner and by different persons other times , and finally I got SORRY after a 100 days of suffering as if they were enjoying  torture  innocents and dealing with them as insects has no dignity !
@jeffweiner must pay for this ) , a smugly argument with silly people working carelessly and irresponsible, shouting I am innocent warning you are making a big mistake following by contentious warning you are gonna pay for this and result was sarcastic repeated replies by same persons times
@jeffweiner A 100 days of suffering may doesn't mean any thing for you but for me it means alot , I spend it as a worst period in my life with a big self pain , I sent thousands of E-mails to your unprofessional technical support team all of these around ( why this , you did , I didn't, you
@jeffweiner investigation to compensate this harmed one by cause of your silly acting .
@jeffweiner this , I didn't do this , you must pay for this ) , it caused me worst time with self pain , and my shouting to prove that I am innocent with fool employees and finally I got SORRY . if I am in charge I am gonna to fire these irresponsible people and make clear
@jeffweiner A 100 days of suffering may doesn't mean any thing for you but but for me it means a lot , it was the worst in my life with self pain happened to me , I spent it in sending thousands of E-mails to a non professional people all of these around ( why this , you did
@jeffweiner Ignoring me is not ethical and illegal , you are repeating mistakes of your looser technical support team , remember that client is always right .
@jeffweiner Ignoring me is not ethical and illegal , you are repeating mistakes of your looser technical support team , remember that client is always right .
@jeffweiner You are hippocratic people saying what you are not doing teaching what you are not practicing , jealous don't confess your sin admit your false denying your responsibilities , harmful careless towards your clients , having looser unprofessional technical support team .
@LinkedInHelp I got a SORRY , that little one didn't heal my deep  heart injury , it is not enough , it doesn't mean any thing to me and to my dignity I lost by unprofessional member of technical support team suppose to represent a huge multinational corporate as yours .
@LinkedInHelp I warned them I did do this charge you accused me , you are making a big mistake , you are gonna pay for this ..... no body cared and after a 100 days of smugly debate and after I gained depressed hypertensive and acute self pain guess what I got ?
@LinkedInHelp Hi , again it is not about restriction of my account( I mentioned that it was solved) it is about process it self how it started how it ended how was the handling with . The issue that I was treated badly carelessly and sarcastically in spite of my shouting and my warning foll.
@jeffweiner I am in a big crisis with your technical support team , I don't want to discuss it in public so I don't want to make a scandel to your REPUTABLE  CORPORATE .
@jeffweiner Hi Mr. Jeff Weiner	Why are you not replying to my several messages ? as if you consider me that I am not at the same level of yours .
@jeffweiner Hi Mr. Jeff Weiner	Could you please reply to me , check your mail via Linkedin and your direct messages .
@LinkedInHelp employees causing me physical and psychic pain as depression and hypertension ...and at the end I got SORRY , I believe it's worth more .
@LinkedInHelp Hi , I am talking about restriction it is about process itself and dealing way with , they did that accusing me with a charge I was innocent from , did not listen to my shouting and my warning dealing with carelessly sarcastically by repeating same answers by same or different
@LinkedInHelp 180522-004819 &amp;180613-003596 &amp;180624-001042 &amp;180626-003345 &amp; 180704-005845 &amp; 180708-002127 &amp; 180709-008425 &amp; 180713-001217 &amp; 180715-000324 &amp; 180716-001055 &amp; 180718-001933 &amp; 180719-004111 &amp; 180722-001422 .
@LinkedInHelp Hi , I am in a big trouble with your technical support team , they misjudged injustice me they made me suffered for a 100 days treating me carelessly sarcastically and at the end they said sorry , OMG that is it !
@jeffweiner Hi Mr. Jeff Weiner	Urgently reply to my mails if you please , seriously it is about crises concerned to your corporate .	Regards	Tamer ELshakankiry
@jeffweiner Regards 	Tamer ELshakankiry
@jeffweiner Hi Mr. Jeff Weiner , I have mailed you twice , could you please reply to me .