Today I’m dropping my youngest child off at college. Proud he is going to be bulldog.
Honored to be named a Taxpayer Hero by the Council for Citizens Against Government Waste http://tinyurl.com/22mjgbz
My office had to make some schedule changes for the August constituent meetings. Click the link for an update: http://tinyurl.com/392wk26
Really interested to hear your thoughts on the issues. Visit my site to learn more: http://tinyurl.com/26hp5qy
Want my constituents to know I’ll be hosting a series of one-on-one constituent meetings this August.
Until federal gov’t properly enforces our immigration laws, states should have the right to tackle immigration issues head on.
Disappointed w/ruling to block key provisions of the AZ immigration law.
Just landed in DC and ready to get to work.
You can listen to the interview live at www.wvoc.com.
On the House floor for votes, then calling into the Keven Cohen Show for an interview at 3:10pm.
I will be on the Keven Cohen show today at 4:08 pm. Be sure to tune in to WVOC or listen online here: http://tinyurl.com/ydukxsk
Getting ready to speak at the Emergency Managers Conference in Clemson.
Therefore I’m happy to hear new reports that estimate oil & natural gas exploration off SC’s coast could result in 2,250 new jobs for SC.
And I fully support offshore production for our state as long as it is economically viable and environmentally sound.
I believe that offshore energy exploration can strengthen our economy and result in more jobs in South Carolina.
This bill also ensures coverage for individuals with pre-existing conditions and high health care needs.
I support the Republican alternative H.R. 3400 bc it will extend health care coverage to more Americans while remaining financially feasible
We can achieve successful health care reform without restricting Americans’ right to make their own health care decisions.
For more information, click on the link to visit my website:  http://tinyurl.com/y8oppqj
That’s why I support an amendment being offered by Congressmen Stupak & Pitts which would prohibit gov’t funding of abortions in H.R. 3200.
As a firm believer in the sanctity of life, defending the rights of the unborn is extremely important to me.
Looking forward to watching my son play football for West Oak. They are playing Crescent at home tonight.
To all those that lost innocent loved ones 8 years ago today, you are in my prayers.
That’s why I am a cosponsor of HR 3400 Empowering Patients First Act. Learn more about the bill at http://tinyurl.com/o9xm6x
Our health care system needs reform but I feel strongly that coverage is a need best met through the private sector.
The American people have made it clear; they do not want government run health care.
Starting things off with a joint session of Congress tonight at 8 PM
Congress is back in session this week— we have a busy fall ahead of us.
Looking forward to my high school reunion this weekend. It will be good to catch up with some old friends.
While the rate has dropped, we still need to continue to focus on ways to bring more jobs to SC.
July unemployment rates were released today, SC’s unemployment rate dropped to 11.8%.
Heading over to Easley to speak at the Easley & Powdersville joint Chamber of Commerce luncheon.
We need to focus on empowering our small businesses in order to improve our economy & employment rates.
Increasing gov’t spending won’t help solve our unemployment problems.
Today is the 6th month anniversary of the Dem’s trillion dollar stimulus, which they promised would create jobs. So where are the jobs?
The award is given to Congressmen who have a strong voting record on economic growth issues.
Just received the Club for Growth’s Defender of Economic Freedom Award, which I’m honored to accept.
SC’s unemployment rate is currently at 12.1 percent--we need to be focusing on empowering small businesses, not hindering them.
Today SC’s minimum wage will increase; which places more financial burdens on SC’s small businesses & will ultimately hinder job creation.
I think Congress should be required to enroll in any health care plan that passes. If they want the public to use it then they should too.
On my way to the Financial Services Committee hearing. Interested to hear what Bernanke has to say.
Getting ready to call into WVOC-AM's the Keven Cohen Show, be sure to tune in.
The Republican plan calls for commonsense reforms without calling for gov’t takeover of healthcare.
Dems unveiled their healthcare bill this week—we need to fix health care but this bill isn't the way to do it.
For more details about the career fair, please visit the following links: http://tinyurl.com/hot98-1 or http://tinyurl.com/107-3jamz
I encourage South Carolinians to attend the “Putting the Upstate to Work” career fair this Saturday at Haywood Mall in Greenville.
SC’s ports are vital to our economy. We can be the Southeast’s ports leader but our economy must continue to grow in order to do so.
South Carolina can be the southeast’s leader in job creation.
If we want to turn our economy around, we are going to have to do it one state at a time.
We can create more jobs through empowering small businesses—who represent 97% of SC’s employers.
A second stimulus will create more spending, more borrowing and more taxing.
I voted against the first stimulus bc there are better ways to help our economy. The last thing we need is another massive spending bill.
http://bit.ly/2IL81
On the floor listening to Boehner trying to kill Cap & Tax and save American jobs.
I believe there is a better, less costly and more viable way to conserve energy and reduce our dependence on foreign oil.
Cap & Trade concerns me because it is essentially a national energy tax.
Congrats to Clemson alum Lucas Glover on winning the US Open.
Small business is the key to job creation and economic growth.
New unemployment figures were released Friday. SC’s unemployment rate is 12.1%. Growing government isn’t the cure for the ailing economy.
tough loss but good job Rs. Had a lot fun tonight.
gingrey leads off with a walk. brady at the plate
last inning, time to rally. still down, score is 7-15.
top of the 6th. mccotter just had a nice hit.
tough inning. down 15-6
hit a triple. tied up at 6.
nice hit brady! drove in a run!
dems up 6-0. got a lot of work to do!
runners on 2nd and 3rd at the bottom of the first
Getting ready for the Congressional baseball game. I hope the weather holds so we can play!
Congrats to the Army on its 234th birthday!
http://bit.ly/7ZtY6 via @addthis
Proud to hear that SC has one of the fastest growing clean energy economies in the nation.
Really enjoyed this morning—always happy to participate in fellowship and share my love of God with others.
On my way to SC Prayer Breakfast.
The American Energy Act focuses on energy independence, more jobs & a cleaner environment-all of which are key to a successful energy plan.
Excited about next week’s Congressional baseball game!
Republicans want to empower doctors & patients by making health care more affordable, more accessible, & more accountable.
The American people deserve the freedom to choose the health care that is best for their families.
The Democrats’ proposed health care plan doesn’t put patients or their health first.
We can empower parents by providing them with the opportunity to decide which school best fits the educational needs of their child.
Empowerment is the key to improving education in SC. We can empower teachers by rewarding excellence and innovation in the classroom.
Roughly ½ of SC high school students do not graduate in 4 yrs. We must empower our teachers and students if we want to improve SC schools.
Congrats to all students who graduated over the weekend. While we celebrate their success we need to focus on making our schools stronger.
Looking forward to watching my nephew graduate from high school today.
Looking forward to watching Clemson play in the Super Regionals this weekend. Go Tigers!
Received the “Taxpayer’s Friend Award” from the NTU this morning. What an honor!
Just finished visiting Lloyd Kennedy Charter School-congrats to Ronald Harrison for winning the Congressional Art Competition for District 3
Excited to spend time with my family this holiday weekend. I hope you all will take a moment to remember & honor our veterans on Monday.
Americans deserve the freedom to choose what healthcare is best for them. The Democrats’ healthcare plan takes that freedom away.
Attending National Day of Prayer Breakfast, listening to Beth Moore and James Dobson. How awesome God is!
Disappointed the House passed the Hate Crimes Bill. It creates a special class of victims, endangers free speech and criminalizes thought.
Today is President Obama’s 100th day in office. What has he accomplished? More spending, taxing and borrowing.
Just wrapped up meeting with Secs. Napolitano and Sebelius regarding the swine flu outbreak. Click here for the latest: www.cdc.gov
Just started swine flu brief. More to come.
Back in the saddle today in DC. Heard in GOP Conference today that the Cap and Trade bill may be pulled. Great news. Keep up the pressure!
Just got back from an hour w/ Michael W. Smith and S. Curtis Chapman. What a blessing. Wish all of Capitol Hill could have been there.
TEA Act Fact #5: Restricts the growth of government to the rate of inflation.
TEA Act Fact #4: The TEA Act cuts discretionary spending by 5%.
TEA Act Fact #3: Saves taxpayers $520 billion over the next five years.
Getting ready to go on Cavuto on Fox News.
TEA Act Fact #2: Stands for the Taxpayer Empowerment and Advocacy Act.
TEA Act Fact #1: The TEA Act was inspired by the hundreds of modern day tea party protests of Washington’s wasteful spending.
Going on the Rocky D Show today at 2pm to talk about the TEA Act. If you want to listen live, follow this link: www.wtma.com
Just finished introducing the TEA Act. Check out my floor speech by click here: www.barrett.house.gov
Headed down to the floor of the House to introduce the TEA Act. Stay tuned for details!
Getting ready to go on WLMA's Anne Eller Show. Listen live by clicking here: http://www.wlma.net/
Introducing major legislative initiative tomorrow. Here’s a hint; think 1773.
Looking forward to the Greenwood Chamber of Commerce’s Luncheon today.
If you have a second, check out the opinion piece I wrote for this morning’s Gville News - http://tinyurl.com/d6ggw3
Had a great Pastor speak at our Member’s prayer meeting this morning. I always look forward to this time of fellowship with my colleagues.
Got a chance to sit in on a meeting with Justice Antonin Scalia today. He’s a very insightful conservative and an all round great guy.
On my way to speak to the National Federation of Republican Women. Really appreciate all the good work they do for the conservative caus ...
Getting ready to head over to the FSC hearing with Sec. Geithner…watch it live at http://www.barrett.house.gov/
Getting ready for the FSC hearing tomorrow. What would you ask Geithner if you could meet with him? Let me know at http://tinyurl.com/d7hg98
Looking forward to the Aiken Steeplechase this weekend.
I’m going to be on the Keven Cohen Show this afternoon around 4:05pm. Listen live at www.wvoc.com.
heading to members prayer breakfast
Just gave my opening statement to the Financial Services Committee hearing on AIG. Click here to listen http://tinyurl.com/c52h3j
Getting ready to head over to the FSC hearing…you can watch the hearing at http://www.barrett.house.gov/
His budget spends too much--taxes too much--borrows too much. Who's going to pay this money back?
Sitting in Republican Conf talking abt Obama budget. It raises spending 9% this year! Worried he wants to exploit a crisis-not solve one.
May the road rise to meet you. May the wind be always at your back. Happy St. Patrick’s Day.
Congrats to the Citadel—today marks the school’s 166th anniversary.
Omnibus passed last night. Many of my colleagues feel spending more is the way to prosperity. I think empowering people is the answer.
Just got back in to Washington a little while ago.
I was disappointed to see the President sign an Executive Order to spend taxpayer dollars on research that destroys innocent life.
Busy day in DC. The snow set us back a couple of days, so we are making up for lost time.
On my way back to good ol' South Carolina.
About to speak on the floor of the House – Democrat housing bill is bad for responsible homeowners
Just recorded a video about the Bernanke hearing. If you get a second, please check it out. http://tinyurl.com/JGBreBernanke
Just broke from the Bernanke hearing. Heading over to the Capitol for votes.
Chairman Bernanke is saying that credit markets have improved but remain very tense.
Just found out that I'll be the first Republican to question Chairman Bernanke.
Committee meeting with Chairman Bernanke just started. This is an important hearing on the direction of our economy.
At the Financial Services Committee waiting to hear Chairman Bernanke speak. Watch the hearing live at www.barrett.house.gov.
The President can certainly give a speech. So far it's just a little long on promises and short on details. Spending does matter.
Capitol is buzzing. First time president Obama had spoken in the chamber.
Can't wait to hear what the President has to say about government spending tonight. Remember, actions speak louder than words.
It’s going to be a busy week in DC – State of the Union, Budget, and Omnibus Spending Bill all on the schedule.
Amazing day yesterday. History was made. Excitement everywhere--now the hard work continues!!