RT @DylanByers: The "Trump does terrible things so you shouldn't report on other things that happen" line is getting really tired. https://…
SC Rep. Trey Gowdy looks exactly like Draco Malfoy. (cc: @BennyJohnson) http://t.co/eX8NTtjioc
Big talent. MT @ErikWemple Politico announces that David Chalian is leaving the organization, to pursue broadcast news opportunities.
@hayesbrown When he retires in 2014 ;)
A nice profile of could-be Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel. http://t.co/6wmmy5i1
@5leggys Thanks! Wait...
Last 3 months of unemployment rate: April 8.1%, May 8.2%, June 8.2%.
Newt and the man on the moon: Gingrich's lifelong space fascination. http://t.co/dnGZGO6p
A thought: If Ron Paul was willing to hedge his foreign policy views wouldn't he be a serious contender for GOP nomination?
Elian Gonzalez is 18 years old. Which means I am really, really, old. http://t.co/KLgSzIgY
My first thoughts post on Obama Oval Office speech here: http://ht.ly/1Z1wL
And that's it. 18 minutes (or so) long...check out The Fix shortly for a few first thoughts on what we just saw/heard.
"We pray that a hand may guide us through the storm to a brighter day." -- Prez O.
This is vintage Obama...poetic rhetoric...a traditional approach...blunt speaking at the start, call to a higher cause at the end.
RT @chefchip "Flinstones used only sustainable fuels, feet, dinosaurs, and mammoths" SO TRUE!
Obama compares energy efforts to ramp up of WWII and landing man on moon.
"The one approach I will not accept is inaction." -- Prez O on energy proposals.
"There are costs associated with this transition." -- Prez O sez as Dems in Ohio, West Virginia, Pennsylvania etc grimace.
Dems have been trying to make the clean energy=job creation argument for months now. Not a quick sell to date.
"The time to embrace a clean energy future is now...now is the moment for this generation to embark on a national mission." -- Prez O
What would Fred Flintstone think of the anti-fossil fuels rhetoric?
Here comes the pivot...Obama making the case for cutting our oil dependence....
Minerals Management Service "emblematic of a failed philosophy that views all regulation with hostility".  U listening Prez Bush?
"I want to know why" the protocols weren't followed, sez Prez O. Very personal.
ABC has the Ray Mabus pic ready at hand for when Prez O mentions him. Nice advance work!
Obama as aggressor: Says he will meet with BP head tomorrow and tell him to set aside fund to pay for compensation after spill.
All symbolism tonight is battle/war. Prez O just referenced the "siege" under way.
Words I never knew before this happened: boom, skimming and Steven Chu.
Obama wants to make sure people know he understands the struggles caused by spill BUT sitting in Oval Office makes that hard.
"we will fight this spill with everything we've got and for as long as it takes." -- Prez O
"Worst environment disaster America has ever faced." -- Prez O #ovaloffice
"Oil spill that is assaulting our shores and our citizens" -- Prez O #ovaloffice
You are looking live at the Oval Office!!! #ovaloffice
Carbing up with a DiGiorno's pizza for #ovaloffice speech...
T-minus 6 minutes....#ovalofficepresser
I will be live tweeting the Obama oval office address tonight at 8 pm @thehyperfix . Spread. The. Word.
Thanks to everyone for following live tweet tonight @thehyperfix. Upsets galore! My piece here: http://ht.ly/1SQnT
Parker Griffith has conceded. Wow. http://ht.ly/1SQaL
Apparently AL voters are not dummies. Dale Peterson fails to make runoff. Key question: Does he give a rip?
99% in and Brooks (in AL-05) is at 51%. Looks like it's over for Parker Griffith but AP has yet to call.
93% in in AL-05. Mo Brooks (great name!) at 50.8%. Parker Griffith at 34%. It's all over but the shouting.
Alan Nunnelee -- GOP preferred candidate -- wins MS-01 R primary without runoff. Some good news fr national GOPers.
AP calls New Mexico GOP Gov race for Susana Martinez. It's Martinez vs Denish this fall.
AP calls AL-GOV for Ron Sparks.
RT @fixaaron "Peterson must have needed more lead in his diet." Yes!  Best ever. http://ht.ly/1SONf
Artur Davis problem in a nutshell. Perry Cty (67% black): Sparks 72, Davis 28.
Dale Peterson update. 43% in. Holding steady in last.  I don't give a rip!
41% in AL GOV. Sparks 64, Davis 36. Wow. Hard to see how Davis comes back.
AL-Gov 31% in. Sparks 63, Davis 37. Wow. Looks like a big upset.
Dale Peterson update! 21% of votes in. He is in third (of three). I bet he doesn't give a rip though....
Parker Griffith is not in good shape. Mo Brooks over 50% with nearly 40% of precincts reporting.
Alabama vote is streaming in...for Alabama. 18% in. Sparks 65, Davis 35.
MS-01, 59% in. Nunnelee at 51%..can he avoid runoff?
AL-05, 17% in and party switcher Griffith is at 34. Ruh roh.
MS-01, 45% in, Nunnelee 50, Reed 33, McGlowan 17
12% in. Sparks 63, Davis 37
RT @ryanjtravers "Hoosiers is on VS". YES!! Run the picket fence at 'em.
AL Gov 9% in. Sparks 62, Davis 38
AL calculus: 90 minutes since polls closed, 7% counted. Need a math whiz like @538 to tell me when that means we will know something.
AL GOV 5% in. Sparks 62, Davis 38
RT@fixfelicia "AP has called the AL SEN GOP primary for Shelby. You can exhale now."
21% in. Nunnelee 51, Ross 35.5, McGlowan 14. Can Nunnelee avoid a runoff?
3% counted in Alabama. Go go go! (And, yes, I am being sarcacastic)
MS-01. 11% in. Nunnelee 55%, Ross 32%, McGlowan 13%
Seriously, Alabama, do NOT make me come down there and count the votes myself.
MS-01 R primary. 5% in. FNC commentator Angela McGlowan in last place with 12%.
If you had 8:51 pm for when 1% of AL-GOV vote would be counted, congratulations, you won.
By the way, you MUST follow @fixfelicia and @fixaaron. They are my deputies!!!!
Another slow counter: Indiana. I spent an entire night in 2008 with Dan Balz waiting for Lake County to come in.
At this rate, we will know the AL Gov nominees sometime in 2017.
RT @dtnelson "Washington is the slowest state. We are all vote-by-mail and ballots only have to be postmarked by election day"
RT@fixaaron "SC GOV: Nikki Haley denies affair during GOP primary debate -- http://bit.ly/cY0y3U" (courtesy of @politicsnation)
RT @hunteronthehill "Florida once took over two months to count its votes..." Heyooo!!!
A total of 0% of vote in for both AL and MS. Mrs. Fix grows angry at the prospect of a long night.
RT@fixfelicia "Relive the magic of Tim James' "This is Alabama -- we speak English" ad http://bit.ly/9JxRVb"
RT @nathanwurtzel "IA, NM I recall being painfully slow." Two votes for NM. Double ugh.
RT @fivethirtyeight "New Mexico probably brings up the rear when it comes to counting votes." Ugh.
While we wait...anyone have a good top 5 fastest vote counting states and 5 slowest? I nominate KY in the fast counting category.
Also, when I think of Miss., I always think of Chevy Chase: "The Mighty Mississipp, the Ole Miss, the Old Man..."
Polls are closed in Mississippi and Alabama. Tick tick tick...
Explanation: @thefix is everyday feed. @thehyperfix is for live events...don't want to overwhelm people with 1 million tweets on @thefix
Important question: @thefix or @thehyperfix for results chatter on primaries tonight? Leaning toward @thehyperfix
And that's all folks! Thanks for following.  Spread the word on @thefix and @thehyperfix
"I take responsibility. it is my job to make sure everything is done to shut this down." -- Prez O
"There will be an official response shortly on the Sestak issue...I can assure the public that nothing improper took place." -- Prez O
The Sestak Q comes from @majoratwh
Obama makes another push for comprehensive immigration reform. But in an election year? Almost certainly not happening.
"I don't approve of the AZ law, I think it's the wrong approach. I understand the frustrations of the people of Arizona." -- Prez O
An immigration question.
"You never heard me say 'drill baby drill' because we can't drill our way out of the problem." -- Prez O
"I don't know." -- Obama on whether MMS director was fired.
RT @karentumulty "She is: @calmesnyt" FOLLOW HER!
S-E-S-T-A-K!!!!
Jackie Calmes of the NYT -- need to get her on Twitter. She is hilarious.
Helen Thomas asks about Afghanistan. Break the oil spill streak. But, Sestak.
Can someone please ask a Joe Sestak question?
Helen Thomas sighting!
Obama adds that Int Sec Salazar's job is safe
Obama sez he doesn't know whether MMS director fired or resigned. I will give you one good guess....
Love that @majoratwh look. Thoughtful, probing. Major rocks.
"I continue to believe that domestic oil production is impt". -- Prez O
Obama sez response by govt has been good...preparation for something like this happening has been less so.
"Understandably, people are frustrated because this is a big mess coming ashore." -- Prez O
"I will leave it to you guys to make those comparisons." -- Obama in response to Katrina comparisons
What will 1st non oil spill question be? @chucktodd goes with oil spill -- three straight.
"Constant sense of urgency", Obama sez.  Doing everything he can to show he is on it.
Again with the Obama/leaking pipe split screen on MSNBC. WH aides=grimacing
Give Jindal this...he is getting A LOT of air time in this presser.
oh yeah @jaketapper gets second question!  Twitter win.
Ok, Prez O keeps saying "boom".  And I think of this. http://ht.ly/1QKl0
Man, if you had "Steven Chu" in the presser bingo, you are going to be winning. That's twice now.
Prez O once again makes clear that fed govt is in charge of EVERYTHING BP does. Driving home idea that he, not oil company, is in charge.
Obama sez Admin has been "singularly focused on how do we stop the leak" adds: "People are going to be frustrated until it stops."
J Loven from AP asks whether Obama has been personally involved enough. "This has been our highest priority since this crisis occurred.
"I am angry and frustrated as well." -- Prez O
"This disaster should serve as a wake up call" for need for renewable energy, sez Obama.
Obama has been talking for 10+ minutes. Wonder how long he will take questions for?
RT@emokidsloveme "Dude, it's not spewing oil, it's spewing drilling mud." I stand corrected. Still not a great image.
tough image for Obama...MSNBC goes with split screen: Obama on one side, oil pipe spewing into gulf on the other
"we are not going to abandon our fellow citizens." -- Prez O.
Obama says gov't moving forward on Jindal barrier island proposal.
Obama sez 20K people in region are working "around the clock" to clean up spill.
"Make no mistake: BP is operating at our direction." -- Prez O
"We are exploring any reasonable strategies to save the gulf." -- Obama.
Love it! @mitchellreports name-checks researcher extraordinaire Chris Donovan on air. Awesome!
2 minute warning!
"Until this thing is cleaned up everyone is going to get tainted with this spilled oil." -- Bill Nelson
Bill Nelson (now on MSNBC) was an astronaut, you know. Also, he sounds like John Wayne.
I'll be live tweeting the President press conference starting at about 12:45 in this space. Spread the word.
Folks please ignore that last tweet. @thehyperfix was hacked. Password has been changed. Sorry for the annoyance.
ITS ALL OVER! #HCR
"We cannot have another year-long debate about this." -- Prez O #HCR
"They don't want us to wait." -- Prez O. on American public. #HCR
"Starting over means not doing much or doing the proposal that John Boehner finds acceptable." -- Prez O
This needs to end #HCR
Prez O wrapping up now. What a day! #HCR
"This will take courage to do." -- Pelosi #HCR
Pelosi cites public option as evidence of where Dems have compromised with Republicans. #HCR
Pelosi sounds D message as she concludes -- congress is very close to health care reform. #HCR
"Why does it take 60 to get a majority?" -- Charlie Rangel #HCR
"polls are important in taking the temperature of the public." -- PRez O #HCR
McConnell re-makes his point that polls show majority of public opposes health care proposal #HCR
Yes, yes I am getting tired. But, Dodd does have a good voice! Sort of like my girl Katie Stevens on @americanidol http://ow.ly/1bm5F
Chris Dodd has a GREAT voice. Very reassuring.
Obama not impressed by Etch-a-Sketch healthcare comparison #HCR
"We're not making campaign speeches right now." -- Prez O drops the hammer on one of his own (Henry Waxman) #HCR
RT @Kasiehunt Mustache Update "I think 3--Rangel still has his, no?" YES!
Total mustaches in Blair House: 2 (Miller and Waxman). Right? #HCR
Total Gawande mentions: 2. I stand corrected. But, I think the under is still looking good. #HCR
Majority say Obama dislikes Boehner more than McCain. Probably right. #HCR
Durbin drops a Gawande reference. Was that the 1st? #HCR
Would have been neat to have had Ted Kennedy in this summit...I think Dems miss his presence. #HCR
Who does Obama dislike more? Boehner or McCain? #HCR
McCain says reconciliation could "harm the future of our country".
I stand corrected by Post's Ben Pershing. Summitstock will go until 4:15!!!!
McCain loves process...talking about reconciliation now. #HCR
We are now (allegedly) 25 minutes from the end of Summitstock... #HCR
I mean, seriously, is Tom Coburn getting some royalties every time his name is mentioned? #HCR
Obama denounces "standard talking points" put forward by Boehner. But, that's what you get in a televised summit #HCR
Boehner calls bill "dangerous experiment" TWICE.  Not by accident. #HCR
"American people want us to scrap this bill" -- Boehner, echoing what every other Republican has said. On message!
Boehner is talking...he is more of an attack dog...let's see how he handles himself. #HCR
Coburn is like Elvis. He has left the building but is still being venerated. #HCR
An extended debate over Medicare Advantage. Aside from @ezraklein, who else is paying attention?
Note to Prez O: Fix didn't eat lunch. Stop mentioning "donut hole".
RT @RussertXM_NBC "Toss-up more likely to be speaker this century Xavier Becerra or Paul Ryan?"  Good one....
"I consider CBO God around here." --Chuck Grassley
Xavier Becerra is talked about as being Speaker of the House one day....#HCR
Obama vs McCain (again).  Obama agrees with McCain on special deals in places like Florida. McCain doesn't know what to say. Literally. #HCR
Unrelated: "The Internet" just sent me an email. I didn't know it had my address. #HCR
RT @tristanleavitt "I love Munchkins!!" Who doesn't??? #HCR
BREAKING: Hiding spending does not reduce spending, according to Paul Ryan. Aha! #HCR
Biden said he would "hush". I mean, seriously, the guy is one of a kind #HCR
RT @walteralarkon "They're called Munchkins". YES!!!
Q: Will Obama cut Biden off? A:????
Remember the Dunkin Donuts Donut Holes? I could at a dozen of those things without even trying. #HCR
Love Biden. He almost said "hell" but caught himself to say "heck" #HCR
It's Biden time!! "I am always reluctant to tell people what the American people think." ZING! #HCR
There is no "p" in this "ool" #HCR
Rockefeller is talking Medical-loss ratio. Nothing but ratings! #HCR
Jay Rockefeller calls insurance industry "rapacious".  Yeesh. #HCR
No chance this ends by 4 right?  They came back from lunch at 2. #HCR
Ok, I couldn't resist...I am back..#HCR
Folks...I am going to take it a bit slower this pm as I write my winners and losers from #HCR summit for Fix...thanks for following!
"Hish risk pool" makes me think of the "Dead Pool" that Eastwood movie. #HCR http://ow.ly/1bh4N
Scott Wison photo (ro prove my Cantor=dead ringer point): http://ow.ly/1bh2y
@bdayspring citing!  Right behind Cantor. Nice face time! #HCR
"When we do props like this....these are the kind of political things we do that prevent us from having a conversation" -- Prez O. #HCR
FACT: Eric Cantor is a dead ringer for the Post's own Scott Wilson. #HCR
Cantor brings out a prop! 2,400-page Senate bill. Obama calls him out. Nothing better than everyone acknowledging that this is theater. #HCR
It's official: I am hungry. Maybe Five Guys to reward me for all this tweeting? #HCR
Sebelius throws Coburn some love. He is on fire! #HCR
RT@bdayspring "They are horribly uncomfortable, was there yesterday." Chairs are uncomfortable and loud. I am officially anti-chair. #HCR
Who chose the chairs for Summitstock? That scraping sound is driving me MAD! #HCR
"We're not campaigning anymore. The election is over." -- Obama bangs on McCain. BIG TIME. #HCR
McCain and Obama = no love lost. #HCR
Something to remember with McCain -- he has a primary challenge from his ideological right. So, he is going to hammer health care. #HCR
"Both of us during the campaign promised change in Washington." -- McCain #HCR
MAC Attack! #HCR
BREAKING: George Miller has two artificial hips! This is getting good. #HCR
Another "liven it up" ringer suggestion from Fix twosse: Anthony Weiner. Agreed. #HCR
George Miller speaking for mustachioed men everywhere. #HCR
Would be awesome if in pm session, they brought in a few ringers to liven things up. My suggestions: Alan Grayson, Michelle Bachmann #HCR
People who have said nothing so far: Biden, McCain, Sebelius. #HCR
Boustany echoes main GOP talking point: American people want "us to take a step back" #HCR
Head fake. Not lunch break!  We march on! #HCR
"Clarify" is code for "let me totally disagree with you". Ah, politics. #HCR
Clyburn throws an @thefix shoutout!!! Wait, he said "fixes"? Eh, whatever. #HCR
Confirmed: Coburn, Barrasso and Boustany are the only doctors in the room. #HCR
Is it me or has thing gotten really sloooooow lately? #HCR
Clyburn last speaker before lunch...#HCR
Coburn is one of a handful of docs in room. Barrasso of Wyoming is a doc as is Boustany of Louisiana. Others? #HCR
RT @ritaag "In what land do you live ?" Virginia. Why ;)
Jon Kyl has the "take glasses off to make serious point" thing down. #HCR
Heading toward lunch break...think I may stop live tweet after that...#HCR
Tom Coburn=winner. #HCR
The Chuckwagon!  Schumer former Senatorial Campaign Committee chairman...how political does he get? #HCR
"There was an imbalance on the opening statement because I am the President." -- Prez O #HCR
So funny how even in a "free-form" discussion, Members revert to what they know. "Can I ask him to yield"? Whaa??? #HCR
Paul Ryan: Future presidential candidate? #HCR
Is there anything more awkward than when someone tells a joke Obama doesn't like? He just stares. MAN. #HCR
Here's general blueprint for (almost) every speaker: We agree on a lot, followed by rhetoric that shows they don't. #HCR
Fix Jr paying close attention to baby talk. Speaking to the 1 year old constituency. #HCR
Rob Andrews affirms general sense that Coburn has been best speaker so far #HCR
Obama, interrupting: "I don't mean to interrupt." #HCR
Raise your hand if you had ever seen Dave Camp before Summitstock #HCR
Re: Orbitz reference by Baucus. It would be cool if Prez O arrived at Summitstock in hovercraft #HCR
Here's the problem with Summitstock: With the exception of Prez O, participants are talking at, not to, one another. #HCR
Sorry, mean to throw love on John Kline facts to @the_almanac
When Max Baucus is talking, it sounds like his mic is cutting out. But, it isn't. #HCR
John Kline fun fact: he carried the "football" with nuclear codes for Carter and Reagan. Love @thealmanac
Hard thing for Obama: He is trying to be non-confrontational amid lots of ill will between Senators. #HCR
Hoyer mentions public option for first time today. #HCR
What Summitstock needs: More Lamar!
Admit it...your interest is waning...#HCR
Actually thought Coburn was quite good. Reasonable. And didn't freak out when Reid hammered him for "filibustering" #HCR
There are "undercover patients"??? #HCR
All this talk about prevention has to make Mike Huckabee happy. One of his central health care arguments in 08 campaign #HCR
Over/under on Atul Gawande references? I say 4. #HCR
If you had the word "fact" is health care bingo, you are a big winner today. #HCR
Coburn and Obama are actually friends...so this might be less contentious than you think...#HCR
McConnell says poll of polls shows 55% opposed to health care bill. #HCR
Lamar! says Obama "wrong" on premiums. Says he will get "facts" to Obama later...sidesteps fight. Interesting. #HCR
"We've adopted a lot of the ideas we've heard from your side of the aisle."  -- Prez O #HCR
Lamar! tries to interrupt Obama. Fails. #HCR
Obama va Lamar! on premium costs. It is on. #HCR
Would have been nice for seating chart to mix R's and D's...as it is, looks like a game of capture the flag. #HCR
Prez O is just not a partisan warrior by nature.  Contrast his tone with that of Reid. #HCR
"Since 1982, reconciliation has been used 21 times" sez Reid...adding that "Contract with America" was passed by reconciliation #HCR
"Lets make sure we talk about facts." -- Reid scolds Lamar! (No comment on the lack of plaid shirt, however) #HCR
Reid has a tough task here. He is in DEEP trouble for re-election and support for bill in his homestate is not high #HCR
Pelosi makes key rhetorical point for Dems: Health care is about jobs. Tries to answer R criticism that Prez O took eye off the economy #HCR
Pelosi references Ted Kennedy. First of many references I would guess. #HCR
Summitstock could well go on all night. Two people have talked and we are 35 mins in...Nancy P is up now #HCR
"Only thing bipartisan will be the opposition to the bill." -- Lamar! #HCR
CORRECTION: Lamar! asked Obama to "renounce" reconciliation. Still not happening #HCR
de Tocqueville reference from Lamar! Still, without the plaid shirt, it's disappointing #HCR
Lamar! asks Prez O to "denounce" reconciliation. Um, that's not going to happen. #HCR
If there was ANY doubt that Summitstock is TOTALLY political theater, Lamar!'s comments pretty much clear that up. #HCR
"We've come to the conclusion that we don't do comprehensive well." -- Lamar!
Obama is taking notes while Lamar! talks.  Better than giving Lamar! the death stare, I suppose. #HCR
"We want you to succeed because if u succeed our country succeeds." -- Lamar!
Lamar! is speaking for Republicans, Where is the plaid shirt. Admit it, it would be awesome if he had it on #HCR
Obama channeling Bill Clinton: "I promised not to make a long speech..." #HCR
If there was a CSPAN4 what would they put on it? State legislatures? Politics and Pints? Me typing? #HCR
Obama is trying to show some bipartisan leg...mentions how he has read a bunch of the GOP proposals. #HCR
"This became a very ideological battle...politics ended up trumping practical common sense." -- Prez O #HCR
"This concern is bipartisan." -- Prez O...quotes statements by McCain, Grassley, Enzi...#HCR
RT @EAS211 "Therefore you will be engaging in serious snark?" You sir are correct!
A key Obama point that WH has struggled to sell: people w/ insurance need health care reform too.
RT@MWJ1231 "Are you going to be serious or snarky during the health care summit?" Um, can't I be both? #HCR
"This is an issue that is affecting everybody...not only those w/o insurance but it is affecting those with insurance." -- Prez O #HCR
Obama has yet to mention the beer summit -- the one, true summit #HCR
"All of us were focused on breaking the back of the recession...we've still got a long way to go." -- Obama at jobs, er, healthcare, summit
Obama arrives, handhsaking begins...in about 25 minutes it should end...#HCR
@cspan has confirmed that they will be re-airing Summitstock in prime time tonight. Take that Winter Olympics! #HCR
According to pool report, Waxman and Dingell were first two people to get to summitstock. Early bird gets worm and all that. #HCR
Obama is walking to the summit!  We are a go for lift off!!!! #HCR
RT@rprez2012 "Chris, will CSPAN be reairing summit tonight?" I don't know...@cspan do you have the answer?
Name for summit needed. I am leaning toward Summitstock. #HCR
Was kind of hoping Charlie Rangel went with a bow tie for summit.  No dice. #HCR
Tom Harkin=life of summit.  He's FLIPPING A COIN!!!! #hcr
ICYMI: My preview of what to watch for at the health care summit. http://ow.ly/1bbBV
You are looking LIVE at Blair House! Just love CSPAN...this may be the only unscripted part of the entire event.
WARNING: @hyperfix is taking on the health care summit today!  Showdown of epic proportions! And it gets started @10 am.
Thanks to everyone for following @thehyperfix  Make sure to check out www.washingtonpost.com/thefix shortly for our 1st thoughts on speech
"We don't quit. I don't quit. Let's seize this moment" -- Prez O closer. #sotu
"The spirit that has sustained this nation....lives on in you, it's people." #sotu
Ben Nelson sitting with Joe-mentum Lieberman.  Liberals scowl #sotu
"Pur Administration has had some political setbacks this year and some of them were deserved." -- Prez O. #sotu
McCain already out with statement on Don't Ask, Don't Tell. "I believe it would be a mistake to repeal the policy." #sotu
"I never siggested change would be easy or that i could do it alone." -- Prez O  #sotu
Obama takes on journalists and TV pundits. I am trying not to be offended. Sniffle...#sotu
"These aren't Republican values or Democratic values...business values or labor values...they're American values." #sotu
This is the laundry list portion of the speech. Lots of one-liners about policy proposals, many of which won't ever come to pass. #sotu
Obama on repeal of don't ask, don't tell: "It's the right thing to do." #sotu
"America must always stand on the side of freedom and human dignity" -- Prez O #sotu
RT @msmichelle "Both JFK and Reagan hated Dr. Evil" Of course they did.  Sharks. With laser beams on their heads! #sotu
I need to "vigorously enforce" Fix Jr's bedtime. "That is a promise" #sotu
Is Obama going to address the nuclear threat posed by Dr. Evil? I mean, this is serious stuff. That guy is a madman #sotu
Just about an hour now #sotu...
This war is ending and all of our troops are coming home." Prez O on iraq #sotu
Al Qaeda has spiders now? GREAT. #sotu
"False choice". Let me be clear, that is a Prez O fav. #sotu
Obama wants to meet monthly with Congressional Dems AND Repubs...#sotu
"Just saying 'no ' to everything may be good short term politics but it's not leadership". No. He Didn't #sotu
"We have largest majority in decades and peopl expect us to solve problems, not run for the hills."  -- Obama scolds Dems #sotu
"I will not give up in trying to change the tone of our politics." -- prez O #sotu
Perfect time there for him to plug pet rocks in addition to pet projects. Damn you Obama #sotu
Fix ideal world: Every day is election day + perpetual campaign. #sotu
"I never thought the meer fact of my election would usher in peace and harmony.." What's so funny bout peace, love and understanding #sotu
Obama proposes all earmark requests be published online before vote so "American people can see how their money is being spent" #sotu
Going negative on SCOTUS! John Roberts is polishing his brass knuckles at his seat....#sotu
Damn lobbyists!  Let's get 'em! #sotu
"Let's try common sense...a novel concept." -- Prez O. #sotu
Left unsaid...the freeze will take place AFTER the 2010 midterm elections...Repubs laugh, Obama glares. #sotu
PAYGO reference! Love it...hearkens back to my old Roll Call days. #sotu
Speech is now at 44 (or so minutes long)...he is likely wrapping up...not much Afghanistan talk #sotu
Freezing govt spending makes me think of Mr. Freeze and that makes think of Arnold Schwarzenegger. Circle of life #sotu
Lot of "fact" mentions by Obama tonight. #sotu.
"All of this is before I walked in the door" -- Obama on debt...cue the obligatory shot of John McCain #sotu
RT @jerkwheatery "so now you're the Homeless Man's CBO?" Yes. @sportsguy33 are you listening!! #sotu
The old "If you've got a better idea let's hear it" argument on health care..."Don't walk away from reform. Not now."  #sotu
"As temperatures cool...." is that a shot at the Goreacle ;) #sotu
Obama sez he won't walk away from health care. Devil is in the details though...not clear what policies can pass #sotu
"i take my share of the blame for not explaining it more clearly to the American people" -- Prez O on health care #sotu
If CBO is "official scorekeeper" of Congress, can Fix be official scorekeeper of campaigns? #sotu
"By now it should be fairly obvious I didn't take on healthcare because it was good politics"  Self deprecation will get u everywhere. #sotu
"We still need health insurance reform." -- Prez O. #sotu
Biden gets his close up...this will be on the #sotu highlight reel!
If you are a banker, you have to be down tonight. Man, you are a bad person. A VERY bad person. FOR SHAME #sotu
RT @alanarusso "Fess up, are you playing a #SOTU drinking game right now?" Um, no. Don't be ridiculous. Come on! Yes.
Education proposals should prove popular for both sides...let's see how much time (and how much detail) he spends on them #sotu
Almost 30 minutes in. Not a word -- yet -- on healthcare #sotu
Doha just sounds cool when you say it. Doha. Doha. DOHA!
I love when Pelosi or Biden stand to applaud, guilting the other into standing. #sotu
Is there an "Avatar" tie-in for this speech? Is James Cameron going to emerge from the crowd? Admit it. That would be awesome. #sotu
Obama argument on climate change is an echo of John McCain's reasoning for it...even if u don't believe, better safe than sorry...
Obama throws in a line about climate change bill...but that's not going anywhere in this political, ahem, climate. #sotu
Obama advocates for more nuclear power planets. Caveat, they must be "safe". Natch. #sotu
RT @mtebo  "Nobody puts baby (the U.S.) in the corner" - Prez O" GENIUS. #sotu
Lobbyists! "We cannot let them win this fight" -- Prez O bashing an easy target. Next up: used care salesman. Then, journalists. #sotu
Long shot of Chris Dodd sitting next to Roland Burris. Um, that must be a fun twosome. #sotu
"I do not accept second place for the United States of America" -- Prez O in what could be the most quotable line of the night so far #sotu
Would be awesome if when Prez O mentioned China, he said "The Chinese even have 2 women in the semifinals of the Australian Open" #sotu
"How long should America put its future on hold?" -- Prez O #sotu
Another criticism of Bush Administration without saying the name...#sotu
If this was a sporting event, we would have a camera on Biden and Biden alone #sotu
Do u think Congress could put aside its differences and get together to do a wave? #sotu
Here's comes the rail proposal. Say it with me: Monorail, MONOrail, MONORAIL! Conan O'Brien wrote entire Monorails Simpsons episode. #sotu
Lots in here to make GOP smile...elimination of capital gains tax on small businesses...#sotu
Allentown!
Big cheer from GOP on Obama touting business as primary job creator. Prez O sez: "It's true...I agree with you." #sotu
"JObs must be our number one focus in 2010..." HUGE applause...Prez O goes on to tout jobs bill. #sotu
Has Prez O dropped a "let me be clear" yet? Did I miss it? #sotu
A laundry list of what Obama has done...tax cuts, job creation. Adminstration believes econ stim package not getting enough cred #sotu
Question: What is Joe Wilson thinking right now. "Just keep your mouth shut...just do it...say nothing..." #sotu
WHY did I pick "cut taxes" in the #sotu drinking game. WHY!!!!
Big applause line for urging bankers to pay back taxpayers. Somewhere Scrooge McDuck -- and his gold doubloons -- are grimacing. #sotu
When is Prez O going to debut the iPad #ipad #sotu
Obama puts TARP firmly on "the last Administration". No mention of Bush though...
Obama starts with the economy...."We all hated the bank bailout"...an acknowledgment of the distaste toward it from American people.
RESOLVED: Joe Biden is hilarious. He is giving a speech of his own behind Obama,. #sotu
SCOTUS has best gig in #sotu.  Don't ever have to stand/applaud.
Obama drops "hopeful" for the first time...(and second!).
"Overcome the numbing weight of our politics."Early rhetorical flourish from Obama. I have the numbing weight of sitting in 1 place 4 hours.
"For these Americans and so many others, change has not come fast enough."  -- Obama acknowledging the problem he faces with voters. #sotu
Elkhart Indiana reference! DRINK!
Pelosi does NOT look happy. Biden, meanwhile, nodding happily. #sotu
"We acted...immediately and aggressively." -- Obama defends action in early part of Administration.
Obama framing the course of the country through history..."again we are tested and again we must answer history's call"
If you had "thank you" in the #sotu drinking game, you are likely already hammered.
Question: Do members of congress' hands get sore from all the clapping? They must. I prefer the beatnik clap myself. #sotu
Prez O steps to podium at 9:09...
Folks don't forget to spread the word...live #sotu tweeting right here @thehyperfix
Cabinet member sitting this one out: Sec State Hillary Clinton
It would be kind of cool when they intro'd Prez O if he had some entrance music ala professional wrestlng
Ok! Show done..let the live tweeting begin (again)!
RT @Laurenfritts "ha me too! im waiting for your brilliant analysis :)"  Forthcoming....
On set for live webcast...while twittering...I demand double pay. Hello? Anyone? http://ow.ly/11bWb
At 8:30 eastern time, click this link http://ow.ly/11bJV . The Fix and Dan Balz will take you up to 9 pm...all the news you need to know.
"best political team on television" DRINK.
CNN literally has a posse of people on set.  It would be cool if they had to fight one another for air term. That's ratings gold!
Text of Bob McDonnell response: http://ow.ly/11bux
Love those CNN=Politics ads.  What do I equal? Fix=inane commentary....
CNN's @Jessicayellin is in Columbus, Ohio tonight. But where is hologram Jessica Yellin?
The Macbook Wheel is the Apple product I am waiting for. http://ow.ly/11bdH
Flks wondering where the Obama quotes came from...White House releases excerpts to reporters early...
Other political news...looks likeJohn  Boozman is a go in Arkansas Senate against Lincoln. http://ow.ly/11b5v
Best/worst thing about SOTU? Already have statements on speech!  Um, it hasn't happened yet.
While we/you are killing time, read MoDo on Downtown Scott Brown. http://ow.ly/11aQL
Also from #sotu excerpts...Obama "urging" congress to pass bill to reverse SCOTUS Citizens United ruling...
"Rather than fight the same tired battles that have dominated Washington for decades, it’s time for something new.Let’s try common sense"
" Despite our hardships, our union is strong.  We do not give up.  We do not quit." -- Prez O #sotu
"What the American people hope – what they deserve – is for all of us, Democrats and Republicans, to work through our differences."
SOTU excerpts are out!
Do we have a hash tag settled on for tonight?  Is it #sotu?  #stateoftheunion?  I need answers!
WaPo SOTU dinner -- pizza.  The vultures are circling as talk of its imminent arrival spreads...
RT @theolecompte "maybe POTUS should wear jeans and a black turtleneck tonight?" Homage to Jobs!
Prez O to call for end of Don't Ask, Don't Tell in SOTU. http://ow.ly/11aoc
Bigger story: iPad release or SOTU.  Seems like iPad is crushing at the moment. CRUSHING.
Rahm's quote echoed Uncle Rico: "Coach woulda put me in fourth quarter, we would've been state champions. No doubt. No doubt in my mind."
RT @washingtonpost "You can also follow @thehyperfix for live tweets from the State of the Union." "Can?" Must! #SOTU
WH chief of staff Rahm Emanuel on #masen to @katiecouric: "No doubt in my mind we could have won that race."
Who: ME! What: Live Twittering of the State of the Union When: Starting @8 pm eastern Where: @thehyperfix Why: Cause we've got to, mister
"Seat him now" chant from Brown rally. Brown said Sen. Paul Kirk "welcomes me as soon as I can get there."
"Tonight the independent voice of Massachusetts has spoken." -- Brown.
"I bet they can this cheering all the way in Washington, D.C." -- Scott Brown.
Still waiting for Scott Brown victory speech. Um, COME ON!  Fix has to go to bed!
My first thoughts on what Massachusetts means (and will mean): http://ow.ly/Yr9x
Robert Gibbs: "The President congratulated Senator Brown on his victory and a well-run campaign."
Harry Reid email to supporters: Coakley loss "reinforces why Senator Harry Reid is running for re-election". Um, what?
Bad placement: Embattled Gov. Deval Patrick right behind Coakley in the camera shot
Interesting stat from a R consultant:There are 76 Democrats in districts that performed worse than the worst performing D district in Mass.
Sarah Palin: "Scott Brown's victory proves that the desire for real solutions transcends notions of 'blue state' and 'red state'".
House Democratic leadership meeting as we speak to debate how to handle Coakley loss....
Post's Lois Romano profile Brown. http://ow.ly/YqEp
What a night. Politics is an amazing -- and surprising -- business.
Folks, thanks to everyone for following...I will have a "first thoughts" on what we have just witnessed on the Fix shortly.
It is over. Scott Brown is the next Senator from Massachusetts. http://ow.ly/Yqti
Coakley has called Brown to concede, according to a Democratic source
MUST WATCH TV. Ed Rendell on with Larry King. Just great stuff.
69% in. 53 Brown, 46 Coakley.
Holding at 66 % in. Democrats extremely pessimistic. Issue of if not when they say in terms of loss...
66% in. Brown 53, Coakley 46.  Hard to make a major change now given the number of votes already counted.
Bright spot for Coakley. In Boston she is now up 27 with 44 percent in.
63% in, Brown 53, Coakley 46.
Coakley victory party shot behind CNN Jessica Yellin looks, um, really depressing.
60% in. Brown 53, Coakley 46.
Brown lead now near 78K votes...
Late Christmas present -- TWO editions of Larry King Live! TWO!
57% in. Brown 53, Coakley 46
Sorry for confusion...theory among Dems is that Coakley needs to carry Boston by 25+ points (and probably more)...
More than halfway counted. 52% in. Brown 52.5, Coakley 46.5.
Boston update: 21% in. Coakley 58, Brown 40. Not enough.
45% in. Brown 52, Coakley 47
Stat from a pollster friend. In 08 Obama won Boston 79-20. Coakley ahead 56-43 with 10% in Boston reporting.
40% in. Brown 53, Coakley 46.
One thing people on both sides of Brown-Coakley divide can agree on. Massachusetts/New Hampshire has best classic rock radio in country.
36% in. Brown 52, Coakley 47. Holding steady.
For folks asking, I am getting results from AP vote site the Post subscribes too. Good stuff. Fresh as possible.
30% in. Brown 52, Coakley 47....if you are a D, start to get worried.
Still too early to expect a call on the race...25% in but Brown lead is only 28K votes...
25% in. Brown 52, Coakley 47.
BREAKING: There is a Florida, Massachusetts too. Will wonders never cease? #masen
Don't want to jinx this but so far so good with quick count in Massachusetts; still have nightmares about waiting for Gary, Ind. in '08.
21% in. Brown 53, Coakley 46....
RT @jennifereduffy "re: joe kennedy. There are no uninformed voters in this race."  VERY good point.
Randomness...did anyone know there was a Peru, Massachusetts?
17% Brown 52, Coakley 47.  Results coming in fast now. Stay tuned.
A colleague makes a good point. Unlike NJ-Gov, 3rd party candidate irrelevant in this race.  Joe Kennedy (no no that one) under 1%.
13% Brown 53, Coakley 46.
11% in Brown 53, Coakley 46.
Only person potentially feeling worse than Coakley? Gov. Deval Patrick who is up in November and who's #'s ain't that good to begin with.
8% in. Brown 52, Coakley 47. Only 92% to go!
Remember that State of the Union address is slated for a week from tomorrow. Could be a tough eight days.
Looking for a key county? Try Middlesex...suburban, independents galore...
Sidenote on Hoya hoops. GREAT Greg Monroe profile by the Post's Liz Clarke. http://ow.ly/YpAB
When results mean something: 25% of precincts (or so) in.
4% in. Brown 52, Coakley 47. And, yes, it means nothing.
RT@missmolly_dc "But where oh where is the magic wall?! I live for that thing!" or the Jessica Yellin hologram!
CNN drops "best political team on television". Oh, elections, how I have missed you.
1% of precincts in. Brown 54, Coakley 45. And, yes, it means nothing.
TV coverage is VERY pessimistic to Coakley...would now amount to stunning upset if she won or even if it was close.
Brown campaign feeling confident. http://ow.ly/Yp79
And the polls are closed...now the counting begins....follow live results@thehyperfix
As polls close, just re-posting my "What 2 Watch 4" Fix entry from earlier today. http://ow.ly/Yp4v
National Republican Senatorial Committee will hold briefings for donors Thursday and Friday to take advantage of energy from Mass....
Fix fortune cookie: "There are plenty of promises and hope floating around you." YES!!!!
Political nerd alert!!! The Fix desk!!! http://yfrog.com/33gabnj
T-minus 18 minutes until polls close in Mass...will bring election results as they come...
From a Dem operative in Mass. : "Boston turnout numbers not good for Coakley."
Should have posted this earlier...Jon Stewart on Mass-Senate last night. http://ow.ly/YozU
A good piece on how little the polls in Mass. tell us about the WHY behind the vote. http://ow.ly/Your
WH sked sez Prez O  will speak at an event honoring Nat'l Mentoring Month.  Wanna bet he gets some shouted questions about Mass. Senate?
Sec of State Galvin, a Dem, says allegations of voter problems "could not be verified or found to be widespread." http://ow.ly/Yohj
Evan Bayh to ABC: "if you lose Massachusetts and that’s not a wake-up call, there’s no hope of waking up.”
Rep. Stephanie Herseth Sandlin said that "chances would diminish significantly for achieving health care reform this year" if Coakley loses.
A college basketball break: UCONN's Calhoun taking medical leave of absence. http://ow.ly/YnKN
Boehner spokesman says idea of passing health care no matter what happens in Mass would "set off a political firestorm"
Factoid: in November 2009, Prez O won Mass 62%-36% -- a margin of 800K votes out of 3 million cast.
Brown campaign calls Coakley vote irregularity allegations "desperate"
BREAKING news: Chinese food is the Post dinner of choice on election night!
Stephanopoulos will interview Prez O tomorrow. http://ow.ly/YnhI
From a plugged-in Dem strategist: "There is concern about low turnout numbers from African American and Latino precincts."
Coakley statement on alleged irregularities. http://ow.ly/Yn3D
Democratic leaders making rounds of calls to vulnerable Members/potential retirees to try to keep them in line if Coakley loses tonight.
Coakley presser only for those in Boston...will update once I get a read-out...I am in DC!
Remember...no exit poll tonight...so be wary of big conclusions about what tonight means since all of that will be anecdotal...
RT @misha1234 "Why'd you switch to hyperfix so early?" Just thought it made sense so as not to overwhelm @thefix folks.
Coakley campaign to hold a conf call to "discuss integrity of the election". 5:30 pm.
Although this tune might be more appropriate for what is happening in the Dem party at the moment: http://ow.ly/YlS3
Soundtrack for killing time between now and poll close at 8 pm....Vampire Weekend on Pandora. Guilty pleasure I know...
That the blame game between Coakley-national Democrats has begun already is an ominous sign for her chances. http://ow.ly/YlMi
Republican National Committee releases Jan. 17-18 poll showing Brown up 48-40. 53 percent disapprove of Prez's handling of health care....
NY-23 looks good for Dems but not called...I am, however, calling it a night. Thanks for memories!
Interesting stat...voters 65 and older: McDonnell won them by 18, Christie won them by 15.
NY-23 starting to look like Dems might win it.  Owens holding a three point lead with 60 percent of precincts in.
Christie wins.  Republicans sweep: http://bit.ly/2HXMvK
RNC Chair Mike Steele boarding a plane to NJ...
McDonnell's pollster writes up how they did it: http://bit.ly/2ELAd1
Great factoid from Post pollster Jon Cohen: McDonnell only third VA gov candidate to get 1 million+ votes. Allen (93), Kane (05) the others.
McDonnell family goes color-coordinated. Red ties for the dudes, red blouses for the ladies.
Mrs. Fix arrives home with nourishment. Hooray!
Memo to Jesse Ventura: Get a haircut.
Love Larry King. Question to Tim Kaine: "What happened?"
Paul Kane wants to be on record that he was second (behind the ole Fix) to float McDonnell for 2012 Veep. Duly noted.
Fascinating NJ Exit poll stat: 87 percent of vote comes from the suburbs.  And, yes, NJ is one big suburb.
RT @marcaross "people are voting in CA" I stand corrected. CA-10 special election!
Polls now closed everywhere....NY just closed at 9.
CNN's John King highlighting Loudoun County...he must read the Fix!
One of my secret pleasures tonight...listening to anchors try to say "Dede Scozzafava". So good.
McDonnell wins....http://bit.ly/tKcOi
RT @CraigPatruno "voter issues in NJ.Sussex County Clerk fails to send out notifications to 600 voters that there reg was missing info."
On Fox News Channel, reporter is doing stand up in front of bar in Saranac Lake.  Neon signs glowing behind her. AH, Upstate!
Sabato rolls out the yellow vest!
"too early too call on VA...but McDonnell holds a lead"
T-minus FOUR minutes until VA polls close...Palpable excitement in Fix house...including with sidekick Charlie Fix.
"this is not 1994 all over again." -- DCCC Chair Van Hollen..you will be hearing a LOT of that tonight from Dems.
FYI...Bill Owens campaign -- and DCCC -- asked White House for a robo call of Prez into NY-23.  White House declined...
And on the 12th day, the created Double Stuff Oreos...
Exits (sort of)! http://bit.ly/SISNq
Currently switching back and forth between Wonderpets and Hardball. Good times.
Things u don't want to hear your nanny say on election day: "I think I have chicken pox."
“There are reports that they’re bringing in the troops and they’re bringing in ACORN." -- Doug Hoffman accuses Dems of dirty trix in NY-23!
First thoughts on Obama speech: http://tinyurl.com/kt74ha
48 total minutes! Make sure to check www.washingtonpost.com/thefix shortly for our first thoughts on the speech.
"We did not come here to fear the future. We came here to shape it."
Politico also reporting Joe Wilson was "lie" yeller. Don't say the ole @thehyperfix doesn't bring you the inside dope.
This is Obama as orator...hearkening back to campaign..how many people still watching though at 46 minutes?
"That large-heartedness...is not a partisan feeling...it is part of the American character..." -- Obama's strongest moments coming at end.
Very nice use of Kennedy...highlighting all the bipartisan work he got done. McCain, Hatch, Grassley.
Looks like he will end on Teddy K....poignant...touching...smart.
"If you misrepresent what is in this plan, we will call you out...I will not accept the status quo as a solution." -- PrezO
"I will continue to seek common ground in the weeks ahead...my door is always open." -- PRezO
PrezO taking a few shots at Bush Administration. BIG applause lines for Dems...but how does it play in middle America?
Lots of policy in second half of speech....also, PrezO has said "finally" at least twice. Stop teasing us!
Ah the ole Geisinger health care in Pennsylvania....
RT @ObamaFoodorama "It was reported b @hambypCNN that it was Rep. Louie Gohmert who had the sign...so maybe same person yelled?" Not sure..
Still no confirmation on "lie" shouter....
Obama now at 33 minutes speaking time...Charlie Fix starting to get antsy.
Eric Cantor is on the bberry!
One D source claims Rep. Joe Wilson (R-S.C.) was the "lie" shouter. BUT THAT IS UNCONFIRMED.
RT @DeirdreFlanagan "Derek Jeter just got his 2nd hit,one more to tie!" Jeter nears the Iron Horse....
"I will not back down on the basic principle that if Americans cannot find affordable coverage, we will provide you with a choice."
"Public option is only a means to an end..." -- PrezO speaking to the left.
RT @kbomalley "Any idea who shouted "lie"?" Not yet. But can't imagine it will be long until we know.
RT@GretainDC "He's on national TV. Of course he's happy." Awesomeness on Chuck Schumer!
"it would only be an option for those who don't have insurance. No one would be forced to choose it." -- PrezO on public option.
Nancy pelosi LEAPS out of her seat at mention of public option!
Chuck Schumer looks deliriously happy.
"Consumers do better when there is choice and competition. That's how the market works." -- PrezO.
No public option talk yet. Obama has been talking for 25 minutes....
Obama gets in a little bit of  shouting match about healthcare for illegal immigrants. He is taking the hard line.  No smiles tonight.
"Such a charge would be laughable if it wasn't so cynical and irresponsible." -- PrezO on "death panels. Take that Sarah Palin.
"While there remains some significant details to be ironed out..." -- PrezO followed by derisive R (we assume) laughter. He is not happy.
Obama plan: individuals will be required to carry basic health insurance. Tepid applause
RT @WBeditor "Your follower count keeps going up. It's the magic of Charlie." Charlie Fix is my good luck charm!
Obama reaches across the aisle to pluck an idea on HC from McCain. Well played.
RT@ BUZZARDSKORNER "IT WUD DO WELL FOR U TO JUST LISTEN BEFORE U STRT SCREAMING ABT WHT OBAMA IS NOT DOING!!" Uh, what. Also CAPS!
Fix love life pre-Mrs Fix: "If you strike out on your own."
Details (Cont.): Insurance companies required to cover routine procedures. "That makes sense, it saves money and it saves lives." -- PrezO
Details (Cont.): Insurance companies can't drop coverage when u get sick. No cap on coverage you can receive.
Details (cont.): Can't be denied coverage due to pre-existing condition
Obama plan details:"nothing in this plan will require you or your employer to change the coverage or doctor you have"
That last line reminded me of Bill Murray in "Caddyshack": "I guess the kidding around is pretty much over. Is that it? I think it is."
"The time for bickering is over. The time for games has passed. Now is the season for action." -- PrezO in a VERY quotable line.
Obama adopting the "waiting in line" argument on health care. We have been at this so long and are so close. Damn Disneyworld!
RT @DinkyShop "Jesse Jackson Jr. sighting! Odd. / You are odd" Truer words were never spoken
Rahm looks like he would rather be swearing into a phone somewhere.
This is a classic Obama rhetorical technique..."there are some on the left....there are those on the right"...Obama as the middle man.
Confirmed: Energy Sec Chu is the man in the bunker.
Insured pay $1,000 a year for uninsured ER visits...Obama making sure insured know that doing nothing hits them in wallet.
Obama re-tells stories of health care woe. Drawing on emotional heartstrings. What does being an American mean....
Jesse Jackson Jr. sighting! Odd.
"Health care is not just a problem for the uninsured" -- PrezO on a point that he must convince middle class of.
This is critical: Obama laying out who are the uninsured and why it matters to those happy with their insurance.
Good camera work by CNN...at mention of John Dingell Sr., camera goes to John Dingell Jr who was elected to Congress in 1955!
"I am not the first president to take up this cause but I am determined to be the last." -- PrezO on health care. Defiant. Aggressive.
PrezO: "we have pulled this economy back from the brink."
Obama starts off by noting what his Admin has done to date. "I will not let up until those Americans who see jobs can find them."
FOUR straight minutes of applause. That has GOT to hurt the hands.
Michelle O getting almost as much camera time as her husband to this point...
That's acted LIKE old friends. Dang typing hands!
Love it! HRC and Prez O just embraced. Acted kike old friends. Who woulda thunk it.
Prez O appears at 8:11.
Sen,. Lamar Alexander already has his statement out on speech. Wait, it hasn't happened yet right?
RT @snackdog "which cabinet member is in the bunker?" Good question. Does anyone in the Twosse know?
Prez O running 8 minutes late.  Charlie Fix grimaces. His bedtime? 9.
Least recognizable Cabinet member? Steven Chu? Shaun Donovan?
Rahm sighting!  Looks tan.
How's my new background look? Me and Fix Jr!
HRC -- front and center!
I am already getting excited to see what odd facial expressions Rahmbo makes....always entertaining.
Vicki Kennedy is in the chamber...might she want to stay? (We still think "no" but have learned not to rule anything out in politics.)
a "fiscal trigger" just sounds dangerous....
Obama will invite "a dozen" centrist Senators to White House to talk health care tomorrow, according to Ed Henry.
WHOAH. Paging Dr. Gupta.  Several buttons open on that shirt. And, he is LIVE from Afghanistan. Can he be stopped?
RT @thewvp "Ahem. That's "hizzy". LOL RT @TheHyperFix: Joey Biden is IN THE HOUSE!" I stand corrected ;)
Wolf just dropped a "best political team on television". DRINK!
Joey Biden is IN THE HOUSE!
Sign of the times: my lead-in to the Obama speech....CNN? MSNBC? FNC? None of the above. DIEGO!
A reminder: I will be live twittering the President's Address @thehyperfix tonight. Re-tweet to the world!
And, scene!  Thanks for joining us. And make sure to come back tomorrow to @thehyperfix for live twitter of president's health care address!
Scott Wilson (of the Post) cameo on TV right now.
Briefing....losing....steam...
Love the "half a loaf" phraseology.  Given my lack of real food today, half a loaf sounds just fine right about now.
RT @ASki04: "Best. Background. Ever." YES!
"Little less labor rally and a little more Congress" -- Gibbs on the tone to expect from Obama tomorrow night.
Question: is my background for @thehyperfix too distracting?
"What the president will do is take the strands that exist...the ideas that are out there and try to pull many of those together."
"this is not going to be some grandiosely subsidized" plan....Gibbs on public option.
For those wondering: Helen Thomas not in attendance today.
RT @edwardaggie98 "Six People Who Are Holding Up Health Reform for Millions of Americans? Or is that too long." Little wordy :)
"whatever is whatever". Gibbs dropping knowledge like Galileo dropped an orange (hat tip: Beastie Boys)
Sidenote: watching presser on C-SPAN 3. C-SPAN rox!
Gibbs does not answer Major Garrett's question on whether a veto threat will be issued...interesting.
Gibbs sez Obama has met with people on left or right on health care over the last few weeks. Also, he just giggled.
WH can try but it's hard to downplay stakes for Obama speech tomorrow night...
Gibbs -- Auburn (not Alabama) fan.
Knoller!  Gibbs sez speech is still being written but would offer no length.  Fix prays for short. Charlie Fix bedtime is early!
Chuck just dropped "impugning".  Gibbs seems to make a reference to Senators giving Baucus plan to lobbyists...somewhat odd.
Group of six...need a better name. Sixpack. A Sextet of Senators.
"We are not starting over. We are a large way through this process" -- Gibbs on health care.
Why we love Gibbs...he just dropped a Teddy Roosevelt IV reference. That is quality.
RT @mediagadfly "Some might suggest that is the justice. [re: goatee]" HeyoooO!  A goatee hater?
Right now it looks like Chuck has only a mustache. I may need to grow one.
Why must Chuckie T's goatee be cut off by the camera angle. Where is the justice?
One fascinating thing about ALL White Houses; They are incredibly resistant to ever say things have gone even a little bit bad for them.
Public option is a "very valuable tool" sez Gibbs.  Beyond that he will not go. And, the Alabama references are starting to pile up today.
Gibbs says Obama will give new specifics to health care tomorrow night. Won't say what said specifics are. Damn you Gibbs!
@jaketapper is hitting on all cylinders today...just asked Gibbs how much public opinion matters in war against Afghanistan.
RT @quantumrun "Gibbs is capable of love? That's news on it's own." Robert is full of love.
For those not watching live: gibbs rocking blue shirt with pink tie...Fix believes pink is the new black.
Word I need to use more "rigorous". Also "dyspeptic".
Gibbs refuses to throw a bomb back at Hildebrand...tries to turn it into a broader discussion of frustration from American people..
"We all know and love Steve Hildebrand." -- Gibbs. Riiiight.
Ed Henry....drops a Politico reference. Go read Ben Smith's piece on Steve Hildebrand.
Tapper: "We've heard this all before." YOUCH!
Gibbs "doesn't want to get ahead" of President on public option....
Critical moment for tomorrow night: "Understanding what the public option is and what it isn't" -- Gibbs
"Prez continues to believe increasing choice and competition...is tremendously impt" -- Gibbs
Tappers asks the tough ?: What is prez answer to liberals who oppose any non public option plan.
Gibbs mentions Geithner...amazing how low profile he has been of late after VERY high profile start to the Administration.
Three questions so far....only one on health care....
Total Fix food intake today: 1 pumpkin spice latte, 1 tea latte. Not good.
"He will clear up any confusion about what's not in health care reform" sez Gibbs. Does NOT answer public option question.
"let me discuss broadly what the president will talk about tomorrow night." -- Gibbs. BOOO! Specifics!
Chuckie T. already interrupting!
Thursday...president will hold a cabinet meeting
President will be in NYC tomorrow to deliver remarks at Cronkite memorial...then big Congress speech
After much panic we have figured it out...listening to the enthusiastic banter of reporters in the press room. SO comforting to the Fix.
ugh...technology FAIL
Waiting on a sunny Gibbs...
Currently on C-SPAN 3....Robert Redford!
Semi disaster averted. Panera wifi unacceptable. Starbucks (as always) delivers.
Live twitter of Robert Gibbs press briefing in this space at 2 p.m. Retweet! Be there!
http://bit.ly/cnxxj	. Thanks for joining me tonight. Spread the word.
My first thoughts on Obama presser soon to be at www.washigtonpost.com/thefix.
Obama ending on race relations...my guess would be his advisers would have preferred a strong health care based ending.
"Cambridge police acted stupidly''' -- Obama on Gates incident.
Obama could have used a little more humor earlier on....
Sun-Times gets last question on Skip Gates arrest....
RT @kmac23va "A reporter snuck a question in?" It would appear as though he did.
Whoops! That was not the Cleveland Plain Dealer reporter! Holy cow!  The real Stehen Koff has just stood up!
Obama going to Cleveland Clinic tomorrow to "show why their system works so well"
Can't imagine Obama going more than an hour...networks get antsy for advertising dollars...
RT @slr249 "But he said something about getting us out of the fix! Isn't that like a "The Fix" shout out?" It's a trend!
RT @kmhollan "Everytime he says something about being in a fix, I think it's a secret POTUS shout-out to you. Ha!" ME TOO!
Obama going to Cleveland tomorrow....gives Cleveland Plain Dealer a question....ensures HUGE coverage in paper when he arrives.
Cool Lincoln bust behind Obama...
6 questions, 45 minutes in....
Financial regulatory reform...zzzzzzzzzzz
Financial system is a tough sell for Obama. Regular people don't understand complexities of it. Just see big companies getting bailed out.
"We were on the verge of a complete financial meltdown" -- Obama.
And Bloomberg breaks the streak of health care question at 6!
Great C-SPAN question! Fix LOVES C-Span.
Chicago Tribune!  Christi Parsons!
Obama defensive....pushing back hard against "misinformation" on economy and health care.
Chip Reid of CBS goes fifth...Obama sticking to very standard order of questioning...no Nico Pitneys so far...
Obama very professorial tonight...trying to walk people through specifics of the challenges he faces...and the things he has accomplished.
Obama says he inherited $1.3 trillion deficit...in case you forgot.  Republicans grimace.
31 minutes, 4 questions...and President just said..."let me raise a broader point"
What the heck? Fix home TV feed just locked up...dang t-storms...weather don't fail me now #whpresser
worth noting: 4 questions, 4 health care questions.
Americans are going to have to give up things that don't make them healthier. Is he talking about Krispy Kremes? Noooooooooo!
Mike Allen sighting...off of Tapper's right shoulder...
@jaketapper grabs the mic. OH yeah! GREAT sideburns.
The Fix loves when the President refers to himself in the third person.
"You haven't seen me out there blaming the Republicans...I have been a little frustrated by the misinformation..." -- Obama
Twitter is going sloooooow.
RT @kmhollan "Someone who thinks they're indestructible? He's talking to you, @TheHyperFix." Tried to run through wall just now. FAILED.
Obama, smartly, calls on Chuck...then promptly mentions single payer.
Public outcry for a Chuck Todd sighting is growing...natives are getting restless. #whpresser
Obama says deadline is necessary to get anything done in DC.
Reuters ask "Why the rush" on heath care. To the anecdote machine!
Obama has twice said he understands people are worried and are skeptical about solving health care...trying to assuage doubts.
16 minutes in. ONE question....
Reminder of where politics ranks in America.  Current Twitter trending topics including #LeBron and #Tilasofunny.  Greeeeaaat.
BREAKING...Obama: "I'm the president"
When did it become ok for politicians to admit they are wealthy? Obama does it regularly. John Edwards did it on the campaign trail too.
Are those candelabras behind the prez? Very cool. Gothic even.
RT @SumHumanPatrick "He's certainly proven himself when it comes to political infomercials" ZING!
Obama did not know where (who?) Ben Feller of AP was...@jaketapper helpfully points him out. Love it. #whpresser
What would politicians do without anecdotes?  There is a man in Clevealnd Ohio...also, I once knew a man from Nantucket
This is like a health care infomercial...lots of policy meat.
"I continue to insist health reform not be paid for on the backs of middle class families" -- Prez O #whpresser
Obama goes to the bottom line...people want to know "what's in it for me"?  Ah, America.
Obama making clear everyone has stake in health care reform not just 47 million uninsured
Obama on TelePrompter...looks like text is moving a little haphazardly...better paced than previous opening statement though..
"Six month ago I took office amid the worst recession in history...financial system on the verge of collapse"  -- Obama #whpresser
"You're going to have to raise taxes and that's where the hand wringing has begun." -- Chuck Todd
Chuck Todd in the house!  Goatee in HD!
And now....coming to you live from the official Fix basement...
#whpresser T-minus five minutes. Remember that Obama's opening remarks are the most impt part of the press conference...highest viewership.
T-minus 20 minutes until Obama presser....spread the word @thehyperfix is where it's at for live tweeting. #whpresser
What better way to warm up for press conference than a little "Access Hollywood"?
Senate Republicans have come out with a game for watching tonight's presser: http://bit.ly/18QqGE
"This isn’t about me.  I have great health insurance, and so does every Member of Congress."
More Prez O: "If you already have health insurance, the reform we’re proposing will provide you with more security and more stability"
WH releasing Obama excerpts from tonight: "If we do not control these costs, we will not be able to control our deficit."
Live twitter of Obama presser in this space (@thehyperfix) starting at 8 pm. Spread. The. Word. #whpresser
Transcript of my live online chat on Sanford concluded moments ago: http://tinyurl.com/n2suc7
Just finished up my first thoughts on Sanford presser...check it out on the Fix shortly...
HOLY CRAP
"That is my fault in shrouding this larger trip" -- Sanford on the Appalachian Trail
"Committed to trying to get my heart right." Not clear if the other relationship is totally over.
"You absolutely want resolution...that is what the last five days of my trying in Argentina...."
Seen the woman three times over the last year
"Began on just a very casual basis....."  Sanford blaming bubble of politics...
Met the woman a little over 8 years ago....this person at the time was separated...serious convo about why she should get back with hubbie.
MSNBC just reported that Sanford is resigning as gov. NOT RIGHT. Resigning as chair of RGA.
Family knew about affair before trip to Argentina. "We have been working through this thing for about the last 5 months."
Sanford resigning as chair of the RGA....he would have been replaced by Haley Barbour in 2010 anyway.
Relationship with a woman in Argentina...."I would ask for y'alls indulgence for Jenny and the boys."
"I have been unfaithful to my wife...I developed a relationship with what started as a dear dear friend." BOOOM!
"There are moral absolutes...."
Anyone else see the woman laughing behind Sanford?
He has apologized to literally everyone. But for what?
My gosh...."I've let down a lot of people"
What is he apologizing for....get to it.
"I would also apologize to my staff...."
This is B-A-D.
Let his family down...apologizes.....
"I'm a bottom line kind of guy...let the chips fall where they may."
"Break from  the bubble"...."profound frustration"....no new ground yet.
No wife present...
Um, what?????
This is starting bad.........
Here's the thing: NO ONE watching cable news right now cares about ANYTHING other than Sanford.
Sanford strategy....keep delaying by 30 mins...hope people stop paying attention.....
Ok. A Coke has been purchased...order has been restored.
Why did I not go the bathroom BEFORE this all started!
Post's Phil Rucker was just on TV! He is awesome.
RT @fourthlaker "Practically wetting my pants with excitement!"
RT @thetemple "It's been moved to 2:30." Is this right?
"it's making the state look bad." -- MSNBC correspondent Mark Potter in the understatement of the century
RT @chrisgeidner "Is it on the Internets streaming anywhere?" Believe SC Public TV...can anyone else help?
Awesomeness ...one of trending topics on Twitter is "Argentina"
Moments away now...if you like politics, you have to LOVE this.
T-minus 15 minutes....
We will be live twittering Gov. Sanford's press conference @thehyperfix starting at 2 pm today.
Thanks to all who followed the live tweeting. Spread the word on @thehyperfix and @thefix
"Justice will prevail." -- Obama, channeling his superhero side, closes the press conference.
Helen tries to break in! Obama sez "hold on a second"
Starts and ends on Iran....CNN.
52 minutes and counting....12 total questions
RT @pgerak"'No way!' Great question? or 'No way!' Grow up?" The latter!
Q's started heavy on Iran...now moving into economy.
"The American people have a right to feel like this is a tough time right now." -- Obama on economy
RT @Mz_ABRT "McClatchy asks about smoking. WELL DONE || This is your idea of a great question?....GROW UP CILLIZZA!" No way!
RT @mollytics "Obviously @TheHyperFix and I disagree on Chile question." Fix is more of a chili fan.
"not yet" -- Obama on the possibility of a second stimulus package.
RT @DGiant "Obama handled the smoking question well too. the press is trying to play gotcha with his smoking. its ridiculous." Just asking.
Fix read out: Smoking question good. Chile question bad.
CNN Headline: "Pres. Obama Answers Questions". So true.
"As a former smoker, I constantly struggle with it." Obama sez he doesn't smoke daily..."95% cured".
McClatchy asks about smoking.  WELL DONE
Follow @jaketapper. Dude is good.
Cherrypicking is the Fix's strength in basketball...play no "d" and then get the easy layup!
Chuck T and the prez get into back and forth over Iran. Winner? Neither man. Chuck's goatee won -- as always.
Obama just said "hothouse". And we think: http://bit.ly/11UROv
BREAKING: "I'm president of the United States. " --Obama.
"All of share a belief that we want justice to prevail. But only I am the president of the United States." -- Obama on Iran.
CBS...asks about Iran (4 out of first 6 questions). Influenced at all by McCain and Graham calling Pres weak?
Health care as flea market...walk around, see what plan you like, maybe buy a hemp bracelet....
Four minutes and counting on this answer...and he just started telling story of a "woman from Wisconsin"....
BREAKING: Obama reads letters!  From people!
"If any bill arrives from Congress that is not controlling costs, that is not a bill I can support." -- Obama
Obama main message on health care: Status quo will cripple current system over time.
USA TODAY asks health care question. And, the filibuster begins.....
MSM for those wondering. Main Stream Media
All presidents try to argue they are always "entirely consistent" about everything.
Fox News Channel skips ahead of major networks...asks what "took you so long" on Iran.
annuities, resolution authority...DOES ANYONE KNOW WHAT HE IS TALKING ABOUT?
Obama LOVES "broad systemic risk"  It is his "denote". (hat tip @jaketapper)
Reuters goes with a Ben Bernanke question; Obama says he has done a "fine job under difficult circumstances" TEPID
First 2 q's on Iran. Obama sticking to his opening statement....world must "bear witness"
HuffPost gets the 2nd question. WOW.  MSM is grimacing.
Word I love: "indigenous"
Interesting (or not?) that Obama did not make any remarks about DC Metro crash?
Love the CNN split screen. Obama AND the reporter who asked the question. GREAT face time for AP's Jennifer Loven!
AP gets first q: Iran. Obama sez what is happening there is "profound"
"Reform is not a luxury. It's a necessity." -- Obama on health care
"Unless we fix what's broken in our current health care system, everyone's health care will be in jeopardy."
Several folks making point.....Obama not on Prompter....speaking from notes
"Clean energy economy" -- Nothing but viewers. NOT.
Just an FYI...this presser was supposed to be in Rose Garden but is now in press briefing due to heat, sez WH.
Dow currently off 20
Obama goes dark suit, light blue tie, white shirt. Niiiice.
This is not about the U.S. or the west, this is about the people of Iran." -- Obama
"U.S. and intl community have been appalled" by the actions of last few days in Iran. "Strongly condemn these actions." -- Obama.
It looks PACKED in there. Fix is happy he is at Fix world HQ...I am a sweater.
Chuck appears to be grooming his goatee.
"My hair says energy" -- dude in MSNBC commercial. What does Fix hair say?
RT @PatPhares "you should specify time in GMT terms or in x mins from now. You have international followers after all :-)" T-minus 5 mins...
Love the MSNBC live shot. Chuck on bberry. Chip Reid fanning himself. @jaketapper looking smoove.
Live tweeting of Obama presser today (6/23) at 12:30 pm @thehyperfix. SPREAD THE WORD.
And, SCENE! Thanks for joining us. Check out @thefix for more leisurely tweeting sked!
"You have in only one question covered some five or six centuries of world history." -- Gibbs to Les!
Les gets his question..."Historian Victor Davis Hansen!"
RT evietoo "no offense, but you get bored way too quickly at these briefings." Offense taken. What do u mean?
RT @gnfti "I've researched this extensively. It would come down to exactly 2%. I'm sorry, old chap." Cheers!
DENOTES! Three mentions in last five minutes. There should be a separate camera to track Tapper's facial expression when Gibbs says it.
If I had a British accent, how much more gravitas would that lend me? 50% 100%?
"There are occasion in which the president is going to meet privately with advisers on topics that are of great national importance." -Gibbs
David Corn stands up for the back rows!
Let Les Speak!
Gibbs is on a "denote" roll!
In honor of Jake Tapper, Gibbs drops his first "Denote" of the briefing.
Turtles crossing a highway. Study of bear DNA! Paternity issue!
Les Kinsolving!  11 questions from the first three rows! Love it. The voice of the last eight rows!
Tapper's informed skepticism is awesome.
Health care debate heats up...problem for reporters is Gibbs has already taken a lot of questions and can beg off sometime soon.
More greatness from CSPAN. They will cover Radio and TV Correspondents Dinner this Friday night starting at 9:45 pm.
Amazing news day. First health care question comes almost 30 mins into briefing.
Gibbs on defense over moderate reaction to Iran elections.  Re-emphasizes "this is a debate inside of Iran for Iranians."
@cbellantoni visible right behind Pot's Scott Wilson, who, unfortunately, doesn't Twitter.
"The disputed election is something for the Iranians to work out." -- Gibbs
"The President is committed to direct engagement with the Iranian government."  - Gibbs.
One thing CSPAN needs at these briefings...identification of reporters asking questions and their media affiliation.
"This is not a contest between this Administration or that Administration." -- Gibbs, on defense over WH visitors.
"We are reviewing what had been the previous policy." -- Gibbs adds on visitor logs.
The WH visitors question! "Visitor logs have been involved in some litigation...the WH is reviewing that policy..." Gibbs.
RT @mikekinsman "this is my least favorite thing about these press conferences. Goatee Obscurity." Agreed.
Weisman of WSJ doubles down on pronouncing Ahmadinejad.  He also just said "contestation"!
CSPAN should sell this feed as "obscured view of Chuck Todd" seats.
The goatee is being hidden  by Gibbs podium.  The podium must be shortened.
To be clear: Gibbs DOES NOT have a personnel announcement to make.
Gibbs sidesteps the Dennis Ross to WH reports...Obama has "tremendous confidence" in Ross.  Helen asks "Is he here?" Awesome.
RT chrisbrowntv@TheHyperFix "Abhor," "amid" and "ilk" are the bread and butter of highfalutin political writing :-)
Gibbs calls "a number of things inaccurate" in Coburn report on econ stim spending.  It is on!
I love the word "abhor"
Tapper asks for more depth on Obama's concern in Iran: "Irregularities in general" sez Gibbs..he is not saying anything Obama hasn't said.
Gibbs goes meta...doesn't want to get ahead of president getting ahead of himself. It's like an Escher drawing.
"Not a good idea to meddle in that sovereignty".  -- Gibbs. He would have gotten away with it to, if it wasn't for those meddling kids!
"The president has been quite forceful on two occasions in the past 24 hours." -- Gibbs on Obama on iran.
RT mitchellhirsch "that would be @cbellantoni". YES! Apologies. Follow her!
Gibbs tie -- honoring his grass remark -- is a shiny green.
19 minutes late..Gibbs arrives and wonders: "Did someone cut the grass."
Love the slow C-SPAN pan shot of the front row.  Tapper on bberry...Helen looking down at....something.
CHUCK TODD!
Oh yeah! @christinebellantoni just sat down. Now this is getting serious. If you don't follow her on Twitter, DO IT NOW.
Waiting for Godot, Waiting for Guffman, Waiting for Gibbs.
Obama wonders whether there is a saying in Korea that approximates "putting the cart before the horse" Good stuff.
Why Gibbs! WHY!
Watching CSPAN 2 right now...I would watch CSPAN7 if they had one.
We spend half of our lives waiting on Robert Gibbs...
Gibbs is starting 15 minutes late....we are not deterred!
In this space at 12:30 PM today -- live twitter of Robert Gibbs press briefing.  Spread the word!
And that's a wrap. Thanks as always for joining us. Spread the word on @thefix and @thehyperfix.
"I have not talked to the president about it." Gibbs answers the Prop 8 question....last question asked.
@libnnc "Gibbs won't answer or WH press peeps don't care to ask re: Prop H8?"  The latter.
Gibbs just dropped "denote". @jaketapper is smiling.
April Ryan! "She's in trouble from it!....She's in trouble from it" Um, what the heck is happening.
Gibbs just gave a girlish chuckle.  For the record, the Fix laughs like Eddie Murphy. Pot. kettle. Black.
@DCDave"The bill is an order for a given amount of cloth. Fits that bill means 'Fulfill the order'" This guy is amazing!
I say again. I need a British accent. It would make me so much more serious and refined.
To put an end to the rumors: I was NOT considered for Supreme Court vacancy. SNUBBED.
@AlexAizenberg "Cottage Industry: An industry where the creation of products & services is home-based vs. factory-based http://is.gd/FsZ4"
@Dave CliffordDCDave "It has to do with home manufacturing" On cottage industry. Can this be right?
Also, while we are on "cottage industry" what about "fits that bill"? What the heck does that mean?
Apparently Prop 8 questions are verboten. Heyoooo!
Does anyone know the origins of the phrase "cottage industry"?  Does it have to do with cottage cheese?  I demand answers.
Cell phone!  Gibbs is thrilled.
Sitting next to the Post's Mike Shear...Les Kinsolving!
Gibbs has a political hat!
what about the case of Cillizza vs Potbelly over why it is SO damn hot in their stores?
@Nebachanezar "Why ask a question when you know all they will do is tow the line and not stand up for the people who got them elected?" Oh!
Gibbs comments on Major Garrett's tie...is he trying to throw us off the scent of his own tie? Savvy move Gibbs.
One potentially problem for Sotomayor: She has LOTS of written opinions.
"I think she has been fully vetted and we're confident." -- Gibbs on Sotomayor and taxes.
Still no Prop 8 questions. Interesting....
Cable networks showing only a little bit of pressser. Thank gosh for the interweb.
KNOLLER!!!! @markknoller. Follow him immediately.
@JohnDellaporta "He's not back from the Beard and Mustache Championships that just ended." Chuck Todd's whereabouts.....
"I appreciate a very short, out of context YouTube clip." -- Gibbs. Wait, is he being ironic?
Gibbs trying to frame the YouTube clip of Sotomayor saying law is made at appeals court level....critical moment.
Gibbs....let me answer your question with another question.
Weisman (of WSJ) uses the word "verboten". That is an awesome word.
And, for those wondering, this briefing is indeed Chuck Todd-less.
Lots of people asking what was going on with the Nevada question on Gibbons. I can honestly say I have NO idea.
Speaking of enough time, how good was "time after time" duet of Cyndi Lauper and Alison Iraheta on "Idol"? AWESOME.
Jim Gibbons (Gov of Nevada) won't meet with Obama in Las Vegas. Um, WHO CARES????
Talk vs action on North Korea. Where is Bruce Willis when you need him?
"I don't think anyone can conclude when looking at her rulings that she legislates from the bench."  -- Gibbs answers conservative critics.
Tapper to Gibbs in an instant classic: "I'm sorry but you didn't answer my question."
It's an amazing news day when Prop 8 ruling in CA is not one of the first four questions asked at briefing.
"Her life story is a compelling one." -- sez Gibbs on Sotomayor. Helen Thomas deadpans: "Did she pay her taxes." No. She. Didn't.
Schumer will be sherpa for Sotomayor...interesting...typically the sherpa is someone outside of Senate. (Fred Thompson, for example).
Gibbs tie is a Brooks brothers no?
Gibbs sez Obama has been on phone talking to "a few" senators about Sotomayor.
And from Middle East piece to a Cybercrime...this is awesome...next pre-cogs! (I loved that damn movie.)
Obama speech in Cairo will not lay out Obama' full vision for Middle East peace.
BREAKING: Obama to meet with Saudi Arabian king on June 3 in Riyadh.
And away we go!
Has Gibbs ever started on time? He should be forgiven today though -- LOTS going on.
Best thing about feed from http://www.whitehousecorrespondentsweekendinsider.com/....the buzz of reports chatting before Gibbs takes podium
More evidence of Obama going around the traditional media filter....http://bit.ly/1aVusg
Awaiting Gibbs.....also why was Sotomayor behind the TelePrompter during the announcement. Looked weird.
Today at 3 pm...will be live tweeting Robert Gibbs press briefing in this space. SPREAD THE WORD
Folks...just finished tweeting Gibbs briefing @thehyperfix Check. It. Out.
And, we're done. Thanks for spending the time with me. Spread the word on @thehyperfix and @thefix.  Have a good day!
Gibbs confesses he hasn't read Newsweek (BOOOO!). Recovers to say he hasn't read a particular story in Newsweek (YAY!!!!)
Several questions about whether Gibbs reads my tweets.  Don't know. My guess? Um, no.
@lcwallace "Obviously at least 5 people think Netanyahu could D-up. He still relies on 3s too much & needs strong presence in the paint."
@debrahendrix"sure Chris..like Dana "the brain" Perino was so full of information and always told you what Bush had planned, right?" PERINO!
Gibbs uses pen as prop.  Somewhere Chuck Todd is grimacing. Should have patented the "playing with pen" thing....
April Ryan was just on MSNBC...she made it back to ask a question. Multitasking!
Gibbs at 35 minute mark....
How many times do we need to know that Gibbs isn't going to get ahead of the prez on ANYTHING!
Resolved: I need a British accent. "Queue up for the lift." Not bad eh?
Les Kinsolving from the 2nd row!!!!
Gibbs sez that meeting was long therefore good.  So my classes in college were all REALLY good.
CELL PHONE RING!
@jaketapper "Gibbs's fave word is 'denote.' Whether he uses it correctly is your call." TAP-NET!
Lost 5 followers in last minute.  Something I said?
Obama could totally take Netanyahu in one on one. Always tough to guard a lefty.
@bjam331@TheHyperFix "sw1 public enemies crew." At the head -- controversial Professor Griff.
MSNBC already off briefing. Thank gosh for the internets.
Helen is DOMINATING the briefing today.  Gibbs on Iran: "We are not going to talk for talks sake."
P5+1!!!! Wasn't that a rap group in the 80s?
Obama to discuss "issues surrounding detainees" on  Thursday, sez Gibbs.
Total cell phone rings today: 0. (Fear of Gibbs!)
Map to Gitmo. Get on a flight to Cuba. Ask locals.
Gibbs is doing a lot of "appreciating the opportunity" today.
There is an Annapolis roadmap? I ALWAYS get lost in that town.
Gibbs drops "prejudges".  His favorite word?
Gibbs refusing to answer CIA-Pelosi questions. Will he have to change that approach at some point?
Gibbs sez Obama has done no interviews with SCOTUS possibilities...sez he will interview person before picked.
Knoller keeps up the facial hair caucus in press briefing
@mikekinsman "are cellphone jokes already passe for the presser?" Yes. But that doesn't mean they won't be made.
"He does." -- Gibbs on whether Obama has confidence in Pelosi.
Savannah gets to Pelosi. Atta girl! Well done!
Fuel mileage standards!? Have we forgotten the speaker of the House accused the CIA of lying?  Let's get to it!
Gibbs does not answer the Granholm for SCOTUS question.
Savannah prefaces her questions with this: "A bunch of ones you won't answer"  LOVE it.
Gibbs orders a Google done on Iran!
Gibbs is the "new" spokesman for "incoming" Administration. What?
@sublumenRT @TheHyperFix "Warm discussions between Obama and Bibi Netanyahu." || new MidEast peace strategy" Well done.
Helen gets two questions. Second one : "What is the threat from Iran?"
Nuclear weapons in Iran a "bad deal for the world". Truer words were never spoken.
@Chloebeetle "I have a British accent! And, I think you're smart (and witty) so QED!" YESSSSSS!
Will Mr. Wendell be meeting with Obama? A human in flesh/but not by law. That song rocked.
BREAKING: Middle East peace won't be "easy" sez Gibbs.
Tapper drops a knesset reference. GENIUS.
Helen cuts in line!!
If I had a British accent (ala Richard Wolff) I think I would sound smarter.
Fix's whole career is built on the idea of "talking for talk's sake."
And yes, C. Todd fans....he is not there today :( Goatee rating: 0.
"Warm discussions" between Obama and Bibi Netanyahu.  Was hot chocolate served? Smores?
Gibbs and NBC's Savannah Guthrie coordinated outfits Savannah -- yellow blazer. Gibbs -- yellow tie.
"Not my place to read out what the Israelis said in the meeting." -- Gibbs, making no news.
AND HERE WE GO!
Am watching and twittering from the White House Correspondents Insider feed: http://www.whitehousecorrespondentsweekendinsider.com/
Oooh...Sestak on MSNBC right now....has to answer a ? about Specter primary.
Gibbs...killing the Fix's sked...he is ALWAYS late.  Must be slow in getting back from Trinidad this weekend.
awaiting Gibbs...."any minute now" says Norah.
Gibbs now at 3:30 pm....live twittering @thehyperfix
Will be live twittering Gibbs presser in this space at 3 pm or so!
AMAZING. Atlantis is off. WOW. With that, we'll call it a day...thanks for joining us. SPREAD THE WORD on @the fix and @thehyperfix!
30 seconds and counting....
Seriously, is there anything more amazing than a space shuttle launch?
And CSPAN leaves briefing for "pro forma" House session. WHAT??!!!! We'll call it a day...to watch shuttle launch.
Gibbs: "inextricably linked" times FOUR. Whoah Robert...Whoah!
@txvoodoo "What 75 tweet limit??" Bosses tell me can only tweet 75 times in hour before Twitter gods shut me out....
25 more folks until 5k for @thehyperfix. AWESOME!
Wonder if we are closing in on 75 tweet limit....?
@slr249 "I bet Kyle Chandler can help fix the newspaper industry. He gets the paper the day before!" LOVED that show.
Gibbs on SCOTUS -- no guidance on timing....BOOO! Fix needs to plan his week.
The Fix on Wanda Sykes...."I was in Trinidad all weekend"
Gibbs on Wanda...hadn't talked to president about it...some topics left to "serious reflection" like 9/11 -- hat tip to Post's Scott Wilson!
BACK
Have to run do to a little TV.....will be back.
Did I mention I met Connie Britton and Kyle Chandler this weekend? BOOYAH: http://twitpic.com/4w6a0
Still waiting for Gibbs' margarita recipe.
Gibbs needs a "humility tablet" STAT.
Gibbs: "We have high hopes." Fix: http://bit.ly/188pdH
"Firm timetable".  tee hee
Gibbs randomly rolls out his guacamole recipe. Thanks, I guess.
@edwardaggie98 "Yes, but is there a prescription for MORE COWBELL?!" I've got a fever.....
Fair number of empty seats today at briefing....
Gibbs breaks out a chart! What is this the Senate floor?
"Exacerbates"! Gibbs is on a freaking role.  He is quite loquacious. Verbose even.
Classic Gibbs-ism...Washington is jaded, Obama Admin is not.  But all the people in said Admin worked in DC for years, no?
"If there is one thing we should have brought up in this meeting is whether there is a prescription for cynicism" -- Gibbs. HEYOOO!
BREAKING: Obama has a "big table" for health care. Who doesn't love a nice big table to do work on?
@gegarner "Following Gibbs' WH presser from class @TheHyperFix" LOVE IT!
Sorry for delay...Fix bladder nearing explosion...too much coffee + water.
Gibbs adds:  "Illuminating" that Cheney chose Rush over Powell for inclusion in GOP.
Gibbs on Cheney. "I have been struck by former prez and former vice prez take markedly difft views toward their post" public lives."
Gibbs just said "conceptualization". Did he read the dictionary over the weekend?
Tapper: What will people have to sacrifice for health care? Gibbs: In order to reform the system each of us is going to have to give."
Gibbs just said "interconnectedness," "inextricably linked", and "decouple" in one sentence. WHOAH.
@Misha1234 "DONT want to hear Wanda Sykes q's. Ask about Health care!"  Reuters just did.
"The jobs being created are creating jobs." -- Gibbs, saying something.
Questions we want to hear: Dick Cheney comments on Obama Admin, Wanda Sykes at Correspondents Dinner....what else?
J. Loven (AP) losing her voice...too much White House Correspondents Dinner?
Gibbs goes mint green on the tie...I have seen this tie before.
Ok...moments away from Gibbs...I have been told I have 75 tweets in an hour before I break Twitter. So, we are going to try to hold to it.
Obama on health care: "We can't continue down the same dangerous road we have been traveling for years."
Twitter alert: I will be live tweeting Robert Gibbs presser in this space starting @ 1 p.m. eastern.
Folks....I broke Twitter...said I had tweeted to many times...powers that be are working on it right now....APOLOGIES.
Gibbs keeps mentioning Prez visit to press room last week.  Reminds us of Farley interviewing Paul...remember when u were in the beatles?
Ok, folks. Gibbs not going to give any timing of SCOTUS pick...but we will keep asking....
Gibbs sez Obama has done no interviews for SCOTUS opening....yet.
@thewvp "Give Chuck's goatee his own press pass! We need more goatee!" Couldn't agree more!!!
"I don't think anybody is afraid of single payer health care." -- Gibbs, listing the things that don't scare him.
Helen!  What is Obama's main criticism of single payer heal thcare?
Chuck drops the India/Pakistan knowledge and throws in a "Ta-lee-ban" reference for good measure!
"There is a growing recognition....of the threat posed by these extremists." -- Gibbs on Afghanistan and Pakistan.
Fix wants to hear more questions on: Arlen Specter, Hamageddon, and Gibbs weekend in Trinidad.
Is this some kind of anti-goatee campaign? To show an obstructed view of Chuck? The flushing sound u hear is TV ratings everywhere dropping.
I can't see Chuck...he's behind Gibbs podium...but I would know that voice anywhere.
"The president believes there has to be a strong, free press." -- sez Gibbs...
Ed Henry asks about newspaper industry bailout. Bless you Ed!
Hamaggedon, which has been tweeted to me several times, is a GREAT name for swine flu.
Ed Henry...no coat!  Fix was at WH on Friday picking up press pass...went with no tie!
"This is a fight we should have." -- Gibbs, bellicosely.
Prez will close off shore tax loopholes sez Gibbs. But doe he have a key to the Social Security lockbox?
@team_venture "hdtv... Shiny lime green" LOVE HIGH DEF!
"The process began some time ago...."" -- Gibbs on SCOTUS timeline.
Scott Wilson (of the Post) cited in the background. LOVE IT!
Let's be honest. "Swine flu" is way cooler sounding that "h1n1 flu"
Is that a green tie Gibbs has on? Or silver? TV makes it hard to tell.
BREAKING: Obama has reached out to Specter and Hatch today to talk SCOTUS.
"The president is going to take the time to look at all of those who are qualified  to find the best qualified...." -- Gibbs on SC pick.
Where is the lovely Jennifer Loven today?
And there goes the first cell phone ring. As we have said before, cell phone rings are Gibbs' straight man in these briefings.
And away we go.....
Fix stomach update: Grumbling.
Gibbs is on Clinton time...ALWAYS late.
In addition to all the other Jack Kemp plaudits, remember he was part of the greatest satirical bumper sticker ever: "Roll/Hemp 1996".
Strom Thurmond....he was a real statesman" -- Caller from N.C. on "Washington Journal"  Seriously, this show is awesome.
Gibbs...two minutes late...currently watching the taped call-ins on "Washington Journal". LOVE IT.
Twittering Gibbs presser @thehyperfix today at 12:45. SPREAD THE WORD.
Make sure to check out @thefix for my first thoughts on 100 days presser...soon to be posted on the blog.
And that's a wrap! Thanks for following. Spread the word. And check out @thefix for slower paced tweeting...
"I would like a nice, lean portfolio" -- Obama. Who wouldn't?
@DrSuzi  "I'm certain it needs it's own flu mask."  CHUCK'S GOATEE!
"Want to dispute this notion that we enjoy meddling in the private sector" -- sez prez
I had some "legacy costs"....until I spent the weekend in Trinidad.
If this is the last question watch to see if Obama brings it around to a sort of "closing statement"
Does Chuck's goatee get its own seat at the briefing?
Umbilical cord....is that a subtle Charlie Fix reference? Well played, Mr. President.
"I don;t want to run auto companies, I don't want to run banks...I've got more than enough to do."  -- Obama
Jonathan "J-Wise" Weisman asks about what govt role is as "keeper of public trust in bonds"
@jbroo "Got keep our eye on the ball."
@tmbjon "my fav cliche tonight: "closing the barn door after the horses are let out" re: swine flu"
"Redact" is a GREAT word. As is "Retrench"
Scherer question is on state secrets...
Michael Scherer (of Time) not to be confused with Mike Shear (of Post).
Best cliche ever. "Rising tide lifts all boats"  Other nominations?
Fix food update: half eaten bowl of (cold) drunken noodles sits to my left. DAMN live tweeting!
BET gets a question after Telemundo...what will Obama do to rescue inner cities?
"We are moving full steam ahead on all fronts." -- Obama; "We need to matriculate the ball down the field." -- Hank Stram
@dancurry "He's good on his feet because he's standing in front of a cheerleading squad" OOOOHHHHH!
Would twitter explode if @anamariecox gets a question?  Methinks yes.
"Convene a working group" -- Obama's answer to several questions...including immigration.
Fix strategy for immigration reform...don't ask me, I was in Trinidad all weekend...
"We reach out to Senator McCain on a whole host of issues," sez the prez.
Immigration question from Telemundo...
@DrSuzi "Nobody can beat that Adam Lambert! #lt" Agree.  What about Gilles on DWTS?
Lots of comment about Jay Z's question. I liked it.  Obama has indulged it more than I thought he would.
Obama apparently hasn't heard of Staples' "Easy" button. Get one to White House...STAT!
@Misha1234 "I'm finding you enchanting right now." HEYOOO!
This answer could go on all night..."List the 100 things you like and don't like about being president''
When will someone ask him whether anyone can beat Adam Lambert on Idol?
For the record, the Fix thrives on political posturing. May it live forever!
BREAKING: Obama is sobered.
Obama sez his Administration has "seven or eight" big problems....most Admins have two or three
"Surprised by the number of critical issues that aoppear to be coming to a head at the same time." -- prez
Obama is VERY good on his feet...at ease in front of press corps...
Jeff "Jay Z" Zeleny (NYT) goes for the navel gazing question....
"The freedom of choice act is not my highest legislative priority" -- Obama makes clear the issue needs more light, less heat.
Ann Compton (ABC Radio) has a great yellow suit on. Way to break up the sea of black and grey!  Fix goes with pink shirt!
"My view on abortion has been very consistent. Abortion is a moral issue and an ethical issue". GOOD answer. Smart politics by Obama.
Ed "Easy E" Henry (CNN) asks about Notre Dame Speech.
"Talking to a guy who was 30 points down in the polls during a primary in Iowa." Somewhere Hillary Clinton is grimacing.
"hard core differences" sounds dirty.
theal8r "Free Phil Spector???" Um, what? WALL OF SOUND.
"I can't define bipartsanship by simply willing to accept certain  theories of theirs that we tried for eight years". SMACKDOWN
@danbock10 "is averaging 1.3 tweets per minute since beginning of #obamapresser at 8:00. Incredible." Too many?
Specter will be "liberated" to work with Dems on health care and job creation and infrastructure, sez the prez.
"He has always had a strong independent streak" -- Prez on Specter.  Also, what would "lock-step marching" look like?
Chip Reid (of CBS) asks what Specter switch means....
4,468 followers! GO!  Only 995,000 more til we match ashton!
The Fix would like to "precipitously withdraw" to bed...Charlie Fix is wearing me out.
@arkbear "commentary like this is why I follow @thehyperfix " YES!!!!
Reuters asks about Iraq....does violence effect withdrawal strategy?
"I am not going to engage in hypotheticals of that sort..." We told you so.
Chuck and the Prez are dressed alike...did they talk this morning??
President resisting the urge to stare deeply into Chuck's goatee...
Agree with a few tweeters..CNN keeping question asked on screen is very helpful.
Chuck Todd is moving to Pakistan!!!....wait, he is just asking a question about Pakistand. WHEW!
The Fix wakes up with Charlie Fix and goes to sleep with Charlie Fix. http://tinyurl.com/db2nd9
@gemini90024 "referencing Churchill was a nice touch" AGREED.
Knoller asks whether Obama would consider torture if US was under "imminent threat". Not likely to answer a hypothetical...
MARK KNOLLER! @markknoller.  LOVE HIM.
"I believe that waterboarding is torture."  Well, now he has said it twice.
"We are going to hold true to our ideals even when it's hard, not just when it's easy." -- Prez
Obama comes out against shortcuts. I think this: http://tinyurl.com/cbasfr
That could well be lead of tonight's presser...let;'s see what else the prez sez but that torture comment is clubhouse leader.
Obama on waterboarding: "I do think it is torture."
Tapper goes for torture...did previous admin sanction torture. GOOD QUESTION.
@mkhammer "Sebrings! Nothing but Sebrings!"
People asking why I am not at presser....look, I was in Trinidad last weekend...
We just lost a follower...son of a....
@vikramtank "is it nanny government or taking some personal responsibility"  BOO YAH.
Remember the Delorean?  That car rocked.  Maybe bring it back? And where is Christopher Lloyd these days?
Obama is "hopeful" that Chrysler can make it.  My recipe for success for Chrysler: MORE LEBARONS.
Detroit News gets second question...obvious effort by Obama Admin to get auto industry high up in stories.
"It sounds trivial but it makes a huge difference" -- Obama after again warning people to wash hands.
Aside from Geither, Janet Napolitano has been most high profile Cabinet official.  Who woulda thunk it?
BIRD FLU!  Man, I had forgotten that one.  Is it the summer of the shark yet?
Swine flu makes me think of that scene in "Airplane" -- "anyone who had the fish tonight...."
Jennifer Loven of AP kicks us off.  Flu!  "Time to close the border with Mexico?"
Procurement reform!!!! I should NOT have bet 10K the prez would not use those words together...now, if he says PAYGO, I am in real trouble.
BREAKING: Obama will continue to work to secure "prosperity and security" after first 100 days. Media scrambles.....
"we have rejected the false choice between our security and our ideals" -- sez the prez on Gitmo
Drunken noodles -- top 5 meal of all time.
Wait a minute, our economy was built on a "pile of sand"? Man, I wish someone who have told me that a few years ago.
Recovery Act has already saved 150K jobs and provided tax cut to 95% of families, sez the prez.
Wash hands, cover mouth when coughing, stay home from work from sick....nanny government?
Gov't is "closely monitoring" swine flu. But we aren't calling it swine flu anymore.
and away we go...
Heavy hitters: Rahm, Valerie Jarrett, Axelrod and Robert Gibbs (right to left)
I see Chuck Todd. Goatee ranking: 9 out of 10 (full, well kept)
THREE MINUTES!
CNN just reported McCain and prominent R govs will be touring country to hold town halls to re-brand GOP. Smart.
Let's be honest: The "Magic Wall" on CNN is AWESOME.
Let's get ready to tweet!!!!! http://twitpic.com/48q7c
Obama gets "A" on economy in CNN poll!
It would be funny if amid CNN's "National Report Card" they asked viewers to grade the "best political team on television."
Fix food for presser: Chinese...from Nooshi -- http://www.nooshidc.com/.  Got to give the typing fingers fuel.
From Obama excerpts: "We are off to a good start.  But it is just a start."
TWO hours and counting to live Fix Twitter of presidential presser right here. http://tinyurl.com/djven3
T-minus three hours (or so) from Fix live Twitter of Obama presser @thehyperfix....SPREAD THE WORD.
TONIGHT. 8 pm. Live Fix twitter of Obama presser.  Right here. SPREAD THE WORD!!!
A reminder: make sure to spread the word on @thehyperfix and check out @thefix
That's a wrap.  Hope u enjoyed. And, if you didn't, well I was in Trinidad this weekend...
"I don't want to prejudge" -- Gibbs. DRINK!
The word "stakeholders" make me hungry. Resolved: Strip steak is the best cut. take that filet mignon lovers!
....but then again I was in Trinidad this weekend so...
@mikekinsman "do these 'i'll get back to you later with an answer' responses ever get answered?" I don't think so.....
Gibbs is being asked on CIA memo release...deferring to Justice Department...not going to open up said can or worms in presser.
@swarheit "Also, fellow Tiger Carlos Guillen supported Chavez. Ordonez went so far as to star in TV ads supporting term limit abolishment"
Did Jon Ward (Wash Times) copy my glasses of did I copy his? Chicken and egg.
@jaketapper "Les is in the 2nd row" Who will stop tapper? WH correspondent, blogger, twitterer AND fact checker!
President wants to make a "serious dent in the way our government does business." -- Gibbs.
Guy in other car: "Hey, you just hit me!" Me: "Look, I was in Trinidad all weekend...."
Reporters doubling up with domestic and international question...first Stolberg (NYT) and Mara Liasson (NPR).
Les is in the way...I can't even see this guy.
Is there any greater guest appearance than Carl Weathers on "Arrested Development"?
Gibbs trying to laugh off questions about $100 million in savings...but reporters keep going after him.
BREAKING: Gibbs maintains there is a $100 million toilet seat. The Fix is VERY interested.
http://stewgoing.ytmnd.com/
Why NOT mix apples and oranges? Add grapes and a cantaloupe and you've got a fruit salad going..
Only one question outside of the front 2 rows...and it went to Les Kinsolving...guessing that lots of papers not happy.
@dlaw "OO-GO" Who knew?
Love how everyone -- other than person asking question -- is on blackberry.
@MikeMcClary "Ordonez is a former White Sox player. Currently with the Tigers." PATHETIC on my part.  And I'm still in 3rd in fantasy league
Editor: "Chris can u write that agriculture policy story?" Me: "Look, I have been sidetracked in Trinidad all weekend..."
@briwal "more like Who-go-Chavez?" yes. THANKS
@cindyscott54 "Charlie needs his diaper......."Hey, I was in Trinidad..."...OH! GOOD ONE!
Interesting Chavez fact: Magglio Ordonez (of White Sox) was booed at World baseball Classic for being a supporter of Chavez.
Is it Hew-go Chavez? or U-Go Chavez? I want the truth.
Mrs. Fix: "Hey, why didn't you take the garbage out?" Me: "Look, I was in Trinidad this weekend...."
@jaketapper "youre obsessed. he's taking a well-needed day off, as i wish i were doing."  Tapper asked q's and tweets!  UNSTOPPABLE.
"I was in Trinidad this weekend...." -- Gibbs seeking to change the subject. I am going to start doing that....
Les has the big mic! That is good stuff.
Les Kinsolving!!
@JulesBeaujolais"Prepping in front of mirror for his weekend show?" HEYOOO!
Saw Savannah this am on "Today". Somehow looking cheery (in green coat) despite pouring rain.
"The president said yesterday and said throughout the weekend there are many things he doesn't agree with." -- Gibbs on Chavez.
Savannah goes with Chavez question...
The lovely and talented Savannah Guthrie (NBC) taking C. Todd's place today.  Now the question is: where in the world is Chuck?
Hans Nichols (fix friend and fellow hoopster) drops the phrase "mea culpa". LOVE IT!
"This is all part of an agenda to protect the middle class." -- Gibbs on credit card examinations...
@wtoptalkback "too bad you have to remind ppl about the difference between you and @thefix every time!" I KNOW
Gibbs just pulled a Constanza. Go out on a high note!  "Thanks and good night!"
For the record: The Fix would be glad to accept $100 million.
Chuck's goatee is a cloud that hangs over these proceedings.
Arod! Second mention at a White House briefing! (Obama mentioned him during first primetime presser).
TO BE CLEAR: @thehyperfix is a live twittering tool. @thefix is the more leisurely twitter account for me.
@rkudeshi "I'm still following you, but I'm not a big fan of tweeting press briefings. Reserve this account for more important events pls"
Surprised no Chavez handshake question yet...would bet it's coming...
I am sort of pining for last week's bilingual meeting...
"Once you get past the third row it starts to go downhill." -- Gibbs takes a shot at those beyond row 3 of briefing room...groans ensue.
We just lost a follower. Who was it? Raise your hand.
Speaking of not looking back in anger: http://tinyurl.com/2pkbr5
One thing this briefing is missing: CHUCK TODD
If we know anything about this Admin -- they don't look backward.  Gibbs cites that philosophy on immunity for CIA interrogators.
Gibbs is a busy bee...channeling Joaquin Phoenix in "Gladiator"
Is there any weird phraseology than "advanced interrogation techniques"?  Maybe the word "phraseology".
@cindyscott54 "I wonder if anyone will ask about @anamariecox 's Op-Ed ;-)" Good question!
The opening in front row...Helen Thomas.
The Chavez-Obama handshake question has to be soon....
"We've expressed our displeasure. We will continue to do so" -- more Gibbs on iran.
"Obviously its hateful rhetoric" -- Gibbs on Iran comments about Israel...
Sighting: Post's Mike Fletcher. Holding it down!
Politicians love the phrase "line by line". Obama doing it on the budget, McCain was going to do it on earmarks. "I will make them famous!"
Gibbs goes with pink tie, blue shirt. Fix, interestingly, goes pink shirt. Didn't get memo.
@2NewCats "Silly comment to make re Gibbs." Why?
It's a feisty start.  Loven (AP) and Tapper (ABC) want to know why more than $100 million isn't being cut by Cabinet folks.
It's funny that Gibbs always say "only in Washington, DC"...um, where did he work for years before Obama campaign?
Sparse attendance at the briefing...front row is a ghost town.
Will Gibbs get a Susan Boyle question?
And away we go
Gibbs...making Fix wait for lunch...not a smart move...
Wash Journal on right now...love when people call in from West Coast when it is 7 am on East Coast.
Gibbs running late...he is like Bill Clinton.
Sidenote -- Obama was flanked by Clinton (on his right) and Gates (on his left)
"We also have a confidence gap when it comes to the American people...we have to earn their trust." - Obama
"As well as you've already done, you are going to have to do more" -- President Obama to his Cabinet.
Dow currently off 245...can Gibbs turn it around?
Prez is speaking right now on Cabinet meeting...our thoughts here: http://tinyurl.com/dg23gb
CSPAN currently showing a panel on "US strategy in Afghanistan, Pakistan & Iraq"...Um, bring on Gibbs!
Let me again praise CSPAN for still running these pressers...Brian Lamb and Steve Scully rock.
BREAKING: President Obama to appear at fundraiser for House/Senate Dems on June 18 in DC.
Today at 1:30 pm...live twittering Gibbs in this space!  Spread the word!
Thanks to everyone...spread the word! Also, check out @thefix.  Less updates, same witty commentary ;)
And that's a wrap. Gibbs' final words "Acts of piracy that have gone on or will go on in the future. FITTING END.
One note on MST3K.  Why did that show go off the air? Also, why did "Ed" go off? And why doesn't "Friday Night Lights" get better ratings?
Was that Bill Press?
Jon Ward (of Wash Times) has Fix-like glasses. Great minds...
That was our 1,000th update on @thehyperfix. Thanks for all who have stuck with us!
@jaketapper@thehyperfix @thefix "spanish isnt the first "other" language spoken at the podium. what about Jibberish? and Gobbledygook?"
Make no mistake: The WH released details of Obama's involvement with pirates to show his engagement on military issues.
The "Bo" debut! "I know that he will arrive tomorrow and there will be an opportunity for you all to see the new dog."  -- Gibbs.
Post AND NYT ask pirate questions.  Anyone who doesn't is a landlubber!
"I'm certainly not an expert on all of these matters." -- Gibbs.
@tmking "following @TheHyperFix for white house briefings is like the mystery science theater 3000 of politics" HIGH PRAISE.
The Post's Mike Shear with an AWESOME lead-in to his question: "Back to the pirates for a minute". Truth is stranger than fiction.
OOOH. Gibbs refuses to engage in the Cheney-Biden back and forth...soundbite lovers everywhere sigh.
Gibbs makes a "Discover" card reference. Does any still have those? I used mine to book a flight on Eastern airlines.
Wendel Goler (of FNC) goes no jacket as well...is it a trend? Tapper still has the coat on.
@EShahan "It's not that. Liveblogging takes up the whole page, and sometimes you don't want that. They may re-follow later." AHA
Nats update...it's slipping away...down 4-2 now. 0-7 here we come????
Gibbs is making the pirates sound boring. Modern day PIRATES.
@tarathobe "people who hate you must be pirates....and you intimidate them"  YES!
Some folks asking/complaining about # of tweets. This is a LIVE Twitter...slower pace over @thefix.
"They might have bitten off a lot more than they could chew." -- Gibbs talks smack to pirates.
@kmhollan "Nooo, we don't hate you! I live for these!" Yes, I am back!
Knoller: "Does the president consider the Somali pirates terrorists?" GOOD question. Gibbs in the process of not answering.
@Rizzz "please tell us if Chuck uses the word "avast" in any of his questions." I almost spit out my bottle of rum. Shiver me timbers!
NEWS: Spanish is the first foreign language ever spoken from White House podium.  "We didn't do it on accident." -- Gibbs.
We have dropped five followers since we started.  My conclusion: People hate me.
Gibbs previews Obama econ speech tomorrow at GEORGETOWN. "President will give an update about where we are..." Ah HA!
@treyditto "The Nats are just awful. Why did they get a new stadium...?" my prediction: Nats WILL win a game this year.
Chuck goes back to pirates. "Is the country [Somalia?] a national safety risk to the United States?" Gibbs dodges -- "out of his depth"
I have a fever. And the only prescription is more pirate questions.
Ed Henry (Of CNN fame) sheds the jacket for the briefing. It's getting hot in here (so hot!)
@brumle "Apparently, the word "maritime" went out of fashion about a century ago: http://twurl.nl/4jk2ol"  I would have guessed longer ago.
Nationals update: Phils 3, Nats 2. Bottom 3rd.
"President is focused on the safety and security of American people" -- Gibbs using the pirates to go broad.
Jake's tie= also yellow. Was there a memo? Fix tie: Purple. I NEVER get the memos.
Jake Tapper goes back to pirates. He knows where his bread is buttered.
ONE QUESTION ON PIRATES. I am stunned!  YAAAR, I say again.
What would Gibbs do if not for random cell phones going off at briefing?  They are like his go-to joke. Fix go-to joke: smash watermelon
It's official. The record for the number of uses of "maritime" in a WH press briefing has been broken.  New record: 2.
"Maritime piracy problem" is on the table! "President will continue to work on the issue of ungoverned spaces" -- Gibbs.
I have one word for everyone: YAAAAAR!
Four Spanish answers already. What is this a Democratic presidential debate? HEYOOOOO!
Was that Milbank in the background? I turned my Milbank tracker off earlier today...that was clearly a mistake.
Dan "the Man" Restrepo is half Colombian. What is his other half?
@delrayser "Excellent use of Anchorman quote. You have earned massive cred today." I thank you.
Did I miss the memo? Three Somali pirates were shot and killed to free a kidnapped ship's captain. LETS GET TO IT.
The Spanish again. You ate a whole wheel of cheese? I'm not angry. I'm impressed.
"I think I answered that about four questions ago." -- Gibbs gets testy. Maybe it's because he wants to talk PIRATES.
@lechatsavant "Chuck's goatee is formidable, but in a fight with Rahm Emanuel, the goatee would lose. Sorry." That is a fight I want to see.
Mark Knoller's (CBS Radio) glasses on top of forehead look ROX.
@BeltwayBaca "how about Rowdy Rowdy Robert?" AWESOME. Also, Piper's Pit was the best interview segment on wrestling ever.
@ethanethan "Gibbs' tie threat level report, plz?"  With apologies to @anamariecox...a buttery yellow...makes me want popcorn.
UM, it's twenty minutes in...let's get to the damn pirates. GREATEST STORY EVER.
Gibbs Tag Team Partner: Dan Restrepo.  Need a good wrestling nickname.  Dan the Man and Rockin' Robert?
To those who say I hate on Chuck's goatee -- quite the opposite. Behind that goatee is another fist.
The Spanish again.  Um, no idea.
@hawkrew "Nice old school wrestling metaphor. I like it." WWF (now WWE) based in CT. Fix grew up a HUGE wrestling fan.
Nationals Update: Phillies 2, Nats 1. Bottom of the second.
Chuck is lively today. LOVE it.  Maybe it's the start of baseball season that's got him excited.
The ever-coordinated White House send out a fact sheet entitled "reaching out to the Cuban people" moments ago.
This is like a tag team wrestling match. Gibbs is being pounded by Ricky the Dragon Steamboat, tags in the Ultimate Warrior....
Is it weird for the other guy standing next to Gibbs?
BREAKING: "I am standing in the White House briefing room." -- Gibbs. Fix news: I am sitting at my desk.
Chuckie T. aka the goatee asks why the president isn't making the Cuba announcement..."looks like you are voiding his voice in the picture"
@danieldoyleI "hate his columns, love his livetweeting of Prez Conferences: happening now @TheHyperFix" Um, thanks???
"The president has made clear that he is willing to talk to our adversaries." -- Gibbs.
"Usurious fees on these remittances" -- Um, what? Also, never use a $10 word when a .10 cent word will suffice.  (Is suffice a $10 word?)
@katriord "It's just a translation of what Gibbs just said about change in Cuban policy, essentially."  THANK YOU
We lost a follower...was it the Cormac McCarthy reference? Too literary?
Helen [Thomas] begins the interrogation....."is this a movement toward the to countries getting together and having diplomatic relations?"
Um, Robert, You know I don't speak Spanish.
This is like a Cormac McCarthy novel...
Um, the Fix does NOT speak Spanish...hence no idea what is being said...hear an "El Presidente" in there....was that a "niner"?
Gibbs leads off reiterating the Cuba news....more open relations...
C-SPAN just called Gibbs "Secretary Gibbs". Elevated to Cabinet level!
Let me first say THANK YOU to C-SPAN....still live broadcasting the daily brieifing...
and away we go
In this space at 3:30...live twitter of (Robert) Gibbs press briefing! Spread the word.
As promised...my first thoughts on Obama presser: http://tinyurl.com/cqc24u
Two other things: 1) Spread the word on @thehyperfix and @thefix 2) check out our quick analysis on "The Fix" shortly.
And we are done. 57 minutes from beginning to end. Thank for tweeting along.
"This is a big ocean liner, it is not a speed boat." -- Obama on America.
One observer asks: Did Obama just say "knotty problems" or "naughty problems". Knotty unfortunately.
@fountainviewkid "What organization is the stem cell question reporter with?" Jon Ward of Wash Times.
@comoannie "except 4 Mexico thing" Right. But that was as much about domestic drug policy as anything else.
Amazing...one question only on foreign policy....probably a recognition of how all encompassing the economy is as an issue.
This the last question (I think that was Gibbs)...it goes to AFP...and they ask the ONLY foreign policy question of the night. (right?)
This stem cell answer is quite good...thoughtful and contrasts with "rigid ideology" of past Administration.
"I have no investment in causing controversy. I am happy to avoid it if that's where the science leads us."
@MattCooperRules "John from Wash-Times' hair is like a reverse Trump." Hilarious.
@gregdlewis"he's doing his best to ignore dolts like you who are more concerned with the order of questions than the actual substance." Thx!
@hebombdotcom "It was Ebony, not Jet" Apologies...my google search said Jet!
"I wrestle with these issues everyday" -- Obama on stem cell decision.
Jon Ward is a Twitterer -- @jonwardeleven
Ann asks about race and its influence on Obama presidency. As he did during the campaign, he generally stays away from talking about it.
LOVE Ann Compton (ABC). Obama: "You sound surprised." Ann: "I am."
Question by Kevin Chappell of Jet magazine. Again, back to a more niche publication...interesting tactic.
Lots of questions about order of questions: Traditionally wires (AP, Reuters) go first followed by networks and then Post, NYT, WSJ
45 minutes in...what's the lede?
@kmhollan "Mike Allen is my morning coffee. Refreshing but bold." Amen...and, don't forget the Fix White House Cheat Sheet!
Obama is interesting on his affluence. Acknowledges it regularly when talking about tax policy.
A few folks asking about Charlie. Mrs. Fix and Fix mother-in-law have taken him to dinner with them.
Mike Allen = prolific. If you don't read his "Playbook" every morning, you should.
Politico gets a question.  John Harris and Jim VandeHei are smiling somewhere.
Obama calls Major "Garrett". Last name basis?
Major....listening thoughtfully...his seat right next to Post seat.
FNC's Major Garrett....Obama has returned to normal question order after going with Univision and Stars and Stripes.
And, yes, if you were wondering, that was a presidential smackdown on Ed.
Obama barely tolerating Ed Henry. "It took us a couple of days [to respond to AIG] because I like to know what I am talking about..."
Post reporter at this presser: Scott Wilson. Great guy. Foreign policy maven.
@aimster215 "Don't feed the Lobbyists." BOO YAH.
Sitting next to Ed Henry...the bespectacled Hans Nichols of Bloomberg. Fix hoops buddy.
"...like NYC, Miami, LA, and some Texas markets" that ABC, CBS and NBC. VERY GOOD POINT.
Post.com's Ed O'Keefe makes a good Univision point: "Univision's national newscast gets higher ratings in major markets....
"Lobbyists are very active in this area." -- Obama just made lobbyists in D.C. sound like Grizzly bears in a national park.
The procurement process = nothing but viewers. Fox execs clawing out eyes as "Idol" audience goes elsewhere.
@kmhollan "So far so good. Not too grave. Not too chipper. Kinda like life right now for most"
@JanetSparks "eh, beginning to sound a bit like Charlie Brown's teacher"
Obama, sensing a ratings dips, namedrops Chuck.  The goatee is calling to you, Mr. President.
Stars and Stripes with a question!  Very interesting approach by press shop...standard start (AP, networks) and now to niche pubs.
Halfway through...reviews?
jonwardeleven (of the Washington Times) gets a cameo
Univision gets a question!  Interesting...violence in Mexico and along border...obviously Obama wants to talk on this.
"I'm not going to lie to you...it is tough."  -- Obama with some straight talk on budget.
"A budget is a snapshot of what we can do now." -- Obama. Reminds me of "A hospital? What is it? It's a big building with patients in it."
@jojomonkey "yes, yes that is a bust of lincoln" Cool.
From Paul Kane (of Post): "There's no signing/veto of the resolution currently under debate."
Two people make the point to me...premise of Tapper question was wrong...President doesn't sign budget resolution....just a blueprint.
@jhgurley "Intro more important for a prez w/#'s in the 40's not 60's." Fair point.
Is that a bust of Lincoln over Obama's right shoulder?
Obama mentions the problems (deficit) he is "inheriting" from last Administration. First time but won't be last.
Chip Reid (CBS) going with the tried and true tactic...quote Obama to Obama...forces him to directly answer questions.
Remember that with every minute that goes by more people click away. That's why the Obama intro was/is so important.
Obama budget fight is going to be VERY tough...lots of Democrats voicing concerns...and his side is ramping up big time.
jake Tapper (ABC) goes to budget...middle class tax cut being phased out...
Current Charlie Fix outfit. White onesy with a green volkswagen beetle and his name embroidered on it. SO cute.
Obama allowing follow-ups on both of the first two questions...fifteen minutes in and he has only taken two questions.
"fleeting prosperity we have seen over the last several years" -- Obama takes a subtle (not so subtle?) shot at the Bush Admin.
"Folks are sacrificing left and right...you've got a lot of parents cutting back on everything." -- Obama. (Charlie now smiling)
The goatee is in the HOUSE. Chuck wants to know why Obama hasn't asked people to sacrifice.
AP folo: Why should people trust government to buy up bad assets?
Words Obama has already used: "systemic" (twice) and "quarantined"
That intro was, um, not good. Obama read it very fast...and the prompter didn't work very well.
AP question: Why should government support government effort to buy out bad assets?
Obama : "I've got a list here". (of those who get to ask questions).
@chris6375 "Somebody tell the TPT guy to Slooooow him dowwwnnnn!" Agree...he is getting better now.
"I'm as angry as anybody" -- Obama on AIG.
A little rocky with the prompter...
Prompter makes it look like Obama is looking down slightly. Not great.
Obama goes with the teleprompter...this intro is probably most important thing of the night and he doesn't want to screw it up.
Charlie Fix now crying...just saying...
One minute in...Obama namedrops the Fix...ratings gold!
"Important to remember this crisis didn't happen over night...there are no quick fixes and there are no silver bullets."  -- Obama
Opening statement...8 minutes...
Chuck Todd: "President is discovering just this afternoon it is going to be an all out war to get his budget passed."
And we are live from the Fix basement. Charlie Fix update: he is lying next to me...
And away we go.....
NBC lead-in to presser..."Access Hollywood". Awesome.
@JenJoyner Correct.
Other twitterers live-blogging this thing tonight I need to check in on?
The "Seinfeld" I am watching: George gets a job pretending he is handicapped, Kramer bakes himself in butter. SO GOOD.
T-minutes 25 minutes...watching "Seinfeld" to warm up.
TWO HOUR WARNING: We will twitter the Obama presser right here at 8 pm.
Tough day for Gibbs. Fun day for @thehyperfix...make sure to check out @thefix
And, not surprisingly, MSNBC's Norah O'Donnell noted that Gibbs "went after" Cheney...reprising his comments.
That's it and that's all....quick update: House will hold hearings on AIG bonuses...not clear that will solve/do anything.
@abba_ks "'Strong' and 'Sound' are different words. 'Is' and 'Is' are not." touche!
Dow down 6. Why does Gibbs hate the new Fix offspring?
Gibbs looks thrilled to be off of AIG...Christine Bellantoni (of Wash Times) asks about Gulf Coast...
@exyyle "It depends on what the meaning of change is!" BOO YAH!
Tough briefing for Gibbs...toughest yet?
@comoannie "The sound/strong business was def a misspeak. Why not just admit it?" Seems like it to me...
Fungibility! Not to be confused (as the Fix often does) with fungi.
I can't see Lynn!!!
If Administration can't find a way to keep these bonuses from AIG, how does Gibbs handle it?
Dow up only 14...you don't even want to know what Charlie Cillizza is doing right now....
Lynn Sweet is too far back in the room...can't see her well on MSNBC...
Lynn Sweet! Sun Times...AIG!
Difference...Obama said fundamentals are "sound"; McCain said they were "strong". Um, what?  Definition of "is" redux.
Gibbs... we won campaign...the White House does a lot of reminding the country of that fact.
@congofox7 "U R missing it. Bringing up Limbaugh again. That's not good. Need 2 let that sleeping dog lie."
Will Gibbs say the word "strong" in his response on this? We doubt it.
Fundamentals of the economy...good question....why is it not ok for McCain to say it but ok for Obama to?
On AIG (short and sweet): president is looking for legal avenues to eliminate these bonuses...haven't found one yet.
Gibbs MUCH more measured on Cheney...recognizing he got out over his ski tips earlier on it.
"I think the steps the president has taken to keep this country safe underscore the seriousness which he takes that job."
"I can't speak to the motivations of why the veep availed himself to a Sunday morning interview."
Scott Wilson (of the Post) goes back to CHENEY!
"regulatory framework"....cable new execs starting to sweat...ratings killer.
@bjam331"supreme cobra commander... goooooooooooooooo joe!!!" GI Joe movie comes out soon right?
Dow up only 28...somewhere Charlie Cillizza is crying...
What Gibbs said: "I guess Rush Limbaugh was busy, so they trotted out the next-most popular member of the Republican cabal"
Surprised no one has gone back to the Cheney stuff...prob because Gibbs can't/won't go any further...
Is there a better phrase than "bully pulpit"?  Maybe "Supreme Allied Commander"
@thejoshuablog ON GIBBS: "Haunt? Only in the DC bubble. CABAL will make him a hero to real people."
Gibbs is using the word "sense" too much. A sense that it offends their common sense.  Lets talk about dollars and cents. HEYOOOO!
@freddysbored "haunt him, or take some light off AIG?" Little of both.
Mark Knoller's voice = best part of every briefing.
I would love to be made whole. Just saying.
Sorry...not Joe the Plumber...Joe Smith...are they related?
@smoochacha ON GIBBS "snarky and unnecessary."
Joe the Plumber reference!  Man. I though we were done with that.
@tarathobe ON GIBBS "I don't care campaign mode wins with me always"
Here's the reality...no matter what Gibbs says from this point onward in briefing the Cheney comments are the lead..."cabal" will haunt him.
@lechatsavant "How 'bout Chuck and the Mysterious Goatees?" also good.
@comoannie "Gibbsy went overboard. Still in campaign mode" Did he?  Interested in your takes...
Dow is now up just 60...somewhere Charlie Cillizza is grimacing...
Band name idea. Chuck and the Whirling Pens.
@sodomojoswan "I think you broke twitter lol" It has happened before...during the prez debates!
Chuckie T..."Isn't it likely that there is anything you can do legally?" (on AIG)
Chip Reid calls Gibbs on sarcastic response on Cheney...Gibbs says he was dead serious...GOP "cabal" may have been a bit strong.
White House is trying to figure out best tack on AIG...they want to block bonuses....but can't do it legally -- yet.
Gibbs wants us to be "fair"...Ok. Fine then.
All AIG today...Chip Reid (of CBS) follows up the follow up.
"Not taking economic advice from Dick Cheney would be the best possible outcome of yesterday's interview." -- Gibbs, again.
Yeesh. Gibbs drops the bomb on Cheney....
On Dick Cheney: "I guess Rush Limbaugh was busy so they trotted out the next most popular member of Republican cabal."
Ok...technical problem...Jake tapper and Ed henry beating Gibbs up on exec compensation/AIG....it's getting hot in here.
Fix tie update: pink striped (a Mrs. Fix pick )
Quick Gibbs tie update: yellow striped. I like.
No answer on legislative solution..."President has asked Secretary to take steps to look into this..."
"A lot of people are dealing with situations they inherited." -- Gibbs.
More AIG from Reuters....does White House want legislative measure to force these bonuses to be returned?
"This isn't just outrageous and doesn't just violate your sense of common sense but it offends our values."
Gibbs is being careful on AIG...letting what Obama and Geithner has said stand for itself...doesn't want to step on message.
Gibbs -- even keeled so far on AIG...no outrage (mock or real).
AIG leads off
Dow is up again today. Somewhere Charlie Cillizza is smiling...
Gibbs apologizes for "freshman antics". Let's be honest that was the most exciting part of the briefing.
Gibbs sneaks up behind Chuck!  HEYOOO
Gibbs apparently three minutes out....
TWITTER ALERT: Will be live twittering Gibbs presser right her starting @2:45. Spread the word!
That was a short one for Gibbs today...thanks for joining me...and don't forget to sign up @thefix.
The house on fire metaphor continues. NO idea what he is talking about.
Buffett comments have gotten WH off track...they don't want to answer a series of questions about the economy falling off a cliff.
@votebrianwhite "What's a hoya? GO DUKE!" Are there really people who root for Duke? Astounding.
More Buffett and more Buffett-dodging by Gibbs.  Impossible for him to distance from Buffett but doesn't want to anger the "oracle" either.
Ann Compton (of ABC Radio) rox...she showed Fix around on first day at WH.
Apparently there is a house on fire...we don't need no water....
"I thought I was less muddled..." -- Gibbs....
Why won't anyone ask about the Hoyas and their decline?
@sprasad@TheHyperFix "is that criticism (from Rep. Price) muted somewhat by nancy reagan?" Yes.
Make no mistake...the problems Obama has experienced with Cabinet jobs have slowed down vetting...they don't want anymore mistakes.
Charlie (my son for those who don't know) is home with Mrs. Fix and mother-in-law Fix.
@juliesenter "So are you sans bebe or is Charlie making his first WH appearance in a snuggli? THAT would be an interesting briefing."
White House is obsessed with idea that they are ahead of curve in appointments -- Cabinet or otherwise. But haste can make waste.
Nancy Reagan: "Countless people, suffering from many different diseases, stand to benefit from the answers stem cell research can provide."
Obama takes "bold" action...many challenges are faced...he will not back down or make small decisions...
@TeresaKopec "Tell Tom Price to direct complaints to Nancy Reagan."  BAM!
Another key spokesman tactic...haven't seen or haven't read criticism being lobbed at WH...
Gibbs is not going to go into specifics on stem cell...target rich environment...
"Washington is always full of varying opinions." -- Gibbs trying to knock down Buffett without being seen as knocking down Buffett.
@bubs82"Is it my imagination, but does the stock go crashing as soon as Gibbs starts his briefings" Not today...started down 30, now down 12
@lechatsavant "Chuckie T is intimidated by The Gibbsinator." Gibbsinator. That's good. He DOES need a good nickname.
From Georgia R Rep. Tom Price on Obama stem cell decision: "Ignoring moral questions is not change in which Americans can believe."
I know I have said this before...but Mark Knoller (CBS) has a GREAT radio voice.
My response: @TheHyperFix is for LIVE tweeting...want a slower pace? Check out @thefix.
@Lavaaaron "Tweeting every 30 seconds is not make for effective communication, some see so many tweets that they all get ignored"
@kmhollan "Isn't Chuck off today? I think Savannah is Chuck today. She got face time." Good call.  Chuck shouldn't be allowed any time off!
This question is in relation to NYT story on signing statements that just posted...http://tinyurl.com/cuv3zk
Helen! Why is Obama allowing renditions to go on.
One might say those last two tweets put Gibbs between a rock and a hard place.  HeyooO!
@SherKro "Someone tell him WE ARE GOING TO STOP LISTENING TO HIM if he doesn't stop peaking in cliches. Cliches are cover for .....?"
@jenmoirePR -- On Gibbs tone "good! Times call for serious tone and in past I think he's been 2 glib"
Down back down 60...
no Chuck Todd sighting yet...bad for ratings...get Chuckie T some face time.
@nadabrain "Gibbs must be working on trademarking "We didn't get here overnight."" Well said.
"We've made tremendous progress in getting the pillars in place to deal with our economic problems..."
Gibbs is VERY serious today...serious times?
Gibbs is really tap-dancing around Buffett...a change from how he has responded to other critics of Obama econ policy.
we crest the 3,400 followers mark! Awesome! Take that those who left us!!!!
Gibbs...we didn't get here over night...
More Buffett..."Mr. Buffett is talking about a period of time that has spanned two Administrations..." See, he's not criticizing just Obama!
Favorite Gibbs/Obama metaphor: Kick Can down the road. Does anyone play "kick the can" anymore?
With Buffett already mentioned, let's see if someone asks about Krugman next.
@janeco "u can never have too many white shirts, they're a wardrobe staple" Tell that to @sweetlucy47
Classic Gibbs tactic: Go broad.  Don't answer specifics since specifics get you in trouble.
@sweetlucy47 "I am really thinking of blocking .. this is why..How many white dress shirts does Gibbs have? DUMB .. not needed..."  OUCH
@davemitrani"weren't you just on MSNBC at Wash Post...are you in the briefing room?" I was and I am not...tweeting from official Fix desk.
Good question: Why did Obama do stem cells today? Lots of GOP critics say he should be focused on economy.
Dow down 36....Gibbs-mentum
Again, there is a two pronged approach by Obama Admin on economy: 1) We inherited the problem 2) Not going to be fixed any time soon.
Gibbs is trying to dance around this...truth is, Buffett is an adviser to Obama...so his comments hurt politically.
BUFFETT!
Helen Thomas back in the house.  Front row. Center.
Jake Tapper goes with "Mr. Gibbs". How formal.  We call him Bobby G.
Dow down 55...Charlie Cillizza needs diapers...come on Gibbs!
Scrolling across bottom of screen on MSNBC: McClatchy to shrink work force by additional 15 percent...depressing.
Obama met with Bernanke this morning...part of his daily economic briefing...conversation lasted 45 mins...
How many white dress shirts does Gibbs have? 100?
How long until someone asks about Buffett's comments about the economy..."falling off a cliff"...not good.
stem cells....Gibbs..."Decisions based not on ideology and politics but science"
and away we go....
1:30 pm today...right here...Twittering the Gibbs briefing!
That's all for today folks. I am back to just being the Fix Dad.  Spread the word on our live tweeting. And check out @thefix.
And the briefing room clears...Cpsan is cool to watch this on because they stay with the shot...you can see the reporters interact.
"I was a little surprised at the speed in which Mr. Steele, the head of the RNC, apologized to Mr. Limbaugh, the head of the Repub party"
Jmart gets a question in...no jacket...goes into Limbaugh.
"I don't hear a lot of specifics there." -- WashTimes Jon Ward, summing up the entire briefing.
Gibbs is nearing an hour...these briefings are VERY long.
We are now on to CSPAN. Love it!
MSNBC cuts out of briefing to tout their new poll. Who does better to get country of recession: 48% Dems, 20% GOP.
Ok. Gibbs doesn't want to show his hand AT ALL on healthcare...it's why he is umming and ahhing his way through this.
Obama will put "many concepts" on the table at healthcare summit on Thursday. Insightful.
Mara Liasson has AWESOME glasses.
Dow now done three points.  Finish strong Robert.
Can I get a "prejudge" from Gibbs? Has he read the @thehyperfix criticism of his use of the word?  Come on, Robert. We kid.
Gibbs (yet again) reminds us that the President doesn't look backwards.
Charlie Cillizza asleep in Mrs. Fix's arms. Good work Gibbs.
@mgill006 on Gibbs: "yep he needs to be less glib and Dems needs to gloat less over Rush. bad karma"
Power cord has been retrieved. Back in business.
Fletch...good question. Compare/contrast Bush and Obama on missile defense.
Gibbs humor today going over like a lead balloon in room. Never good to say "	I'm kidding" repeatedly when joking.
Mike Fletcher (of the Post) to Major's right. Go Fletch!
Dow still up (15 points) as Gibbs passed 35 minute mark.
@TeresaKopec "No. But Gibbs does need to stop giggling like a serial killer."
Any question that uses the word "continuum" will not get answered.
Major Garrett...getting surly!
@SherKro "Gibbs seems Glibb, doesn't he, considering how badly people feel in this country? Stop cracking wise, Gibbs"  Do others feel that?
Politico reference!  Somewhere John Harris and Jim VandeHei are smiling.
Fix laptop battery running low...one bad thing about Macs...weak battery.
"I could get myself in a lot more trouble -- and I don't mean in the fun way" -- Gibbs.  What is the fun way to get into trouble?
"It's going to take some time to get out of the hole we're in." -- Gibbs, buying time.
@kippinsk "You're tweeting like a madman. Some folks can't deal with it. That's why I dropped @huffpost yesterday. :-(  Check out @thefix
Is Obama's "Buying stocks" comment the new "go shopping"?
@sahyder1 "Gibbs really wants to tear into Cramer here." Yes, he does.
Gibbs calls Cramer's audience "small". NO. HE. DIDNT.
WHOAH. We just dropped four followers...was it something I said?
Gibbs draw contrast: those on tv and those who fix problems. The Fix stands insulted.
"You can look back at any number of statements he has made about the economy and wonder where the back up is on that too." --Gibbs on Cramer
Tom Costello!
@ibidibid "What's Gibbs hyper-fixation on pinkish/violet ties? Less wonky, more raffish?" You'll have to take that up with him.
Charlie update: He is quiet. Good work Gibbs. Keep it up. Please. Seriously.
http://politicalhumor.about.com/od/algore/a/prezgoresnl.htm
Question #5 on unlocking the credit markets, which sounds a lot like picking the Social Security lockbox.
"I don't anticipate there going to be good." Gibbs on unemployment numbers to come Friday.
Two ships passing in the night. Gibbs makes a Longfellow reference. (And yes, I looked that up on Google).
JayRodriguez "You should sign up for Qwitter-it'll tell you who drops and what post got them to drop. Then you can publicly shame people."
"The American people understand we didn't get into this problem at the beginning of February." -- Gibbs on patience.
Chuck Todd's absence from the briefing leaves a gaping hole.
Gibbs tie almost exactly matches the background behind him. Is that on purpose?
@SherKro "Gibbs saying it has nothing to do with Obama? No, analysts ARE responding to O's plan, negatively"
We just lost a follower. Who was it? Raise your hand.
Gibbs hammering on the podium is distracting me...it sounds like he is on a pommel horse.
@paprikapink "No. Best cheerleader movie by far = "But I'm a Cheerleader!" http://bit.ly/JNNT"
Question #4 (CNN): Ed Henry bangs on Gibbs...."when are you coming out with more details" on economic plan?
Dow is at +39 right now and holding steady...steady as she goes Gibbs.
Charlie Cillizza -- really screaming now. Come on Gibbs! Stop making my son cry.
@derSpinmeister "currently, yes. Hopefully @diablocody 's "Jennifer's body" will change that"
You know what to do when you find yourself in a deep hole? Stop digging. Heyooooooo!
@krazynerdykidd "I think Bring It On is. But you really want to avoid the sequels" Agreed.
Jim Cramer, for one, isn't buying.
Question #3 (Tapper) -- Is Prez concerned that "what he is selling Wall Street just isn't buying?"
"It is not his job to react to what the market does on any given day." -- Gibbs
Gibbs is making the case that Obama is pro-cheerleading. Is "Bring It On" the best movie about cheerleading out there?
Question # 2 (Reuters): Is cheerleading a strategy?
http://snltranscripts.jt.org/00/00iculps.phtml
Gibbs is really banging on the podium...hot mic!
Charlie "Lil Fix" Cillizza Update: He is crying currently.
"There is a commonality on many of the issues the two countries face right now." -- Gibbs on U.S. and England. We have better teeth.
Has Gibbs worn the same tie since he started in this job? I haven't seen it.
Question #1: Gordon Brown.
GIBBS! How we've missed you.
there is an 840-lb emerald without an owner.  It was found in a Vegas warehouse.  All roads of criminality lead back to Vegas.
Dow watch...Up 73 points...can Gibbs turn around the free fall...we await expectantly.
Tom Costello doing MSNBC hit from briefing room. Um, where the heck is Chuck T?
Mike Vicquera (of NBC) just said: "This is how we do in Congress." Awesome.
Deep Blue Sea is on HBO right now. It is a really, really bad movie.
Obama just wrapped up his remarks at Dept. of Interior...White House press briefing should start in next 10 mins or so.
We'll be live twittering Gibbs (Robert not Joe) briefing @2:30 today. Spread the word.
And that's a wrap!  Thanks for joining!  And spread the word. Make sure to check out @thefix
I wish I had a British accent. It just makes you sound so much more learned and serious.
ICYMI: Bunning on Ginsburg -- http://tinyurl.com/agrf9f
a thirty five minute briefing...and no question yet on Fix being robbed as top 10 twitterer. STUNNING
@tobyharnden "Nah, when a record's cracked, the needle keeps slipping back and playing parts of the song again and again." I stand corrected
Switching to MSNBC...CNN has gone to commercial!
The bigger question: Why did Mickey Rourke not win!
"I don't know if he's seen Slumdog Millionaire...I know that he wants to" -- Gibbs, ever political.
Slumdog Millionaire question!
Goyle!
"Force structure" is a great phrase. Like "Supreme Allied Commander" Just sounds tough.
Gibbs/Obama are VERY hawkish on Afghanistan...could get them sideways with more liberal members of D caucus.
@mgill006 "broken as in skipping" Aha.
@cbellantoni  for those interested.
Cristina...misspelled...dang chubby Fix fingers!
Cristine Bellantoni of Wash Times...she is a Twitterer!
@nadabrain "US Airways is giving out free drinks on the plane: http://tinyurl.com/ajqvt9" HUGE
Bill Burton (deputy press sec) spotted!  Looking strong.
Does a "broken record" really just keep playing the same song? Wouldn't it not play at all? it's broken, right?
for the record, the Fix has had glasses since a teenager. But we've been a nerd WAY longer than that.
Has anyone notice how many Wh correspondents have glasses? Total nerd herd.
That was quick. Bank nationalization is the topic du jour...Gibbs coins the "Gibbs rally" effect. Fix was WAY ahead of that curve.
Peter Baker of NYT.  LOVE him.
@christopherscot "isn't it USAirways? I heard that on NPR this morning... still $7 for a blanket + pillow though" THIS IS HUGE
"I felt good about what I said on Friday." Gibbs channeling Stuart Smalley.
Ah the phone dialing....love that bit...it's like Gallagher and the watermelons.
@delrayser "according to @amclive, "now up: Hans "Doogie Howser" Nichols"
And we just lost a follower for the first time today. Who was it? I demand to know!
Major Garrett of FNC...
Hans Nichols of Bloomberg. Plays hoops with Fix. Just used phrase "low hanging fruit".
WHOAH. This is a big one. An unnamed airline is bringing back free drinks. How is this not overtaking Gibbs briefing?
@cbyington "I enjoy the play-by-play of the Greek prison with today's pleasure. Nice multitasking." Readying myself for Baby Fix!
Fix not sure who is asking question now..."guy next to David Korn" is how we will refer to him until better info arrives.
"There are many things I love, I am not sure transparency..." um, smart of Gibbs not to finish that sentence.
Gibbs just said "repository".
@craig_crawford "yep,and right on target,why mess with Social Security when it's solvent for another 30 years."
Fix update: My Girl Scout cookies have arrived. Already tucking into the Tagalongs.
David Korn of CQ...asking question now.
Apparently the prison break was via helicopter.  Awesome prison movie: The Rock.
Greek prison update: Prison officials resign.
Helen wants to know why Soc Security is a focus. Gibbs responds by using the phrase "inflection point".
"There are many issues in front of us." -- Gibbs saying something.
Helen jumps the Line!
@TeresaKopec "You're bringing the funny today! Take that @pgavin" OH YEAH!
Ah yes...the sitcom metaphor...best sitcom ever? Seinfeld.  Best show on TV today? Friday Night Lights.
@hriefs "Gibbs & the Lime Tie Band"
Gibbs namedrops Iowa...less than three years til the caucuses!
Chuck has a pen of his own. Take that Gibbs!
Chuck Todd Time.  Asks whether a Soc Security Task force was scrapped.  Gibbs has to go back and read the story...um, what?
@hellebore5000 "Gibbs should replace the pen with a rapier and take on a surly french accent imo."  YES!
Why can't we get ahead of Obama...is this like running with Bush where no one is allowed to beat him?
More news crawl...a prison break in Greece!
Interesting band fact about WH...deputy cos Jim Messina is in a band called Even Less Dignity. A song is available on itunes.
More Gibbs band names: @twoif "Gibbs Me Liberty? and the first album could be ...Or Gibbs Me Death" GENIUS.
Gibbs is working the "pen as pointer" heavily during this briefing.  Chuck should have patented that move when he had the chance.
Chip Reid (of CBS) on the question block right now...Chuck Todd's goatee bides its time.
Other proposed Gibbs band names? Our fav so far: Robert Gibbs and the Uhhs.
"There have been many beneits for the few at the expense of many benefits for the many..." That could be a preview of Obama's speech tomorow
Jonathan Martin of Politico infamy bashes Fix for the IU-Texas tech slipup.
questions so far: AP, Reuters, CNN, ABC.
@mgill006 "ask ur friends @ msnbc to give us name & newsorg pls" I can do that. Apologies.
Jake Tapper...that sly sense of humor gets me every time.
Gibbs pledges to stand two steps behind the president.  Reminds us of this: http://tinyurl.com/5cppnn
Gibbs -- not getting ahead. Again.
alexcbeauchamp "that was at Indiana, not Texas Tech" Yup. Sorry. "What's up, Knight?"
LOVE that CNN keeps the crawl going during the presser...did you know Andy Roddick just won a tennis tournament?
"You will see the president making hard choices, some specific cuts..." Gibbs talking in general specifics about Obama speech tomorrow.
Will Gibbs get a question on why the Fix was not one of the top 10 Twitterers in Washington? I can only assume so.
So now we are calling the former Fed Chair "Greenspan". Didn't a kid at Texas Tech get in trouble for calling the General "knight"?
Gibbs NEVER gets ahead of where the president is going to be.  NEVER!
"You will hear him begin the discussion of restoring a sense of fiscal responsibility" -- Gibbs on Obama for tomorrow's speech.
Gibbs is going with the pen for emphasis today...taking a page out of Chuckie T's book.
A good band name would be: Robert Gibbs and the white t-shirts.
ok here we go
Why must Gibbs torture us?  COME OUT
Also, to be clear, the Fix wuz robbed...not named in top 10 of DC Twitterers: http://www.politico.com/news/stories/0209/19145.html
Chuck on MS right now....the goatee is calling to me...
@cindyscott54 "Springsteen was beaten by Bollywood, & Rourke scared people at Golden Globes." SO TRUE. Nice white suit though...
"if you've ever seen a one trick pony...." NO song was better than that in a movie this year.
Ok...waiting on Gibbs...still reeling from Mickey Rourke not winning best actor. Also, how the heck was Springsteen not nominated?
Warmup for Gibbs briefing...Fix will be on MSNBC in @5 mins.
read it here: www.washingtonpost.com/thefix
a quick note...Brad Woodhouse is the new communications director at the DNC....friends with Gibbs and Messina, deputy cos.
Busy day in politics....Obama at fisc responsibility summit, Gibbs presser, Baby Fix due any minute....
Folks...will be live twittering Gibbs presser today starting at 2 pm....right here!
Not going to be live twittering the briefing today...celebrating my 33rd b-day! In honor of it: http://tinyurl.com/nwr6n
Here's transcript of my (just completed) live online chat. Thanks to those Twitterers who joined. http://tinyurl.com/awxp27
Ok.  That's it for today...spread the word...we will be back with more live twitter soon! And check out @thefix too!
One last note: Susan Collins, Olympia Snowe and Arlen Specter have spoken..that means 61 Senate vote.
Every senator is going to talk...and all cables are sticking with it...we are going to bow out...thanks for joining.
Specter appears to be willing to support compromise bill...that means Senate Dems will get 60 votes..this bill is passing..and passing soon
CRUD...Cspan 3 just went away from press conference...now we are on Specter!
"I'll be swimming in a deeper pool that I can see the bottom of."  -- Gibbs.  You aren't swimming if you can touch the bottom...right?
Do Major and the guy two rows behind him have the same tie on? They just might.
Odd moment...for the first time since Jan. 20...White House plays second fiddle to Congress...
@Pecksniffiana " 'Shovel Ready' ----&gt; http://tinyurl.com/8fvn2p"
Major Garrett -- question on Israel elections..."We congratulate the Israelis on another successful election." But, it's not clear who won!
Gibbs didn't comment on econstimpack deal....holding off until he know more.
C-Span rules. RULES!
CSPAN 3.....we are back
Susan Collins now in the house....most popular Senator (in her home state) in the country?
It's a Gibbs blackout...MSNBC, FNC, CNN...all with reid...we will wait it out for a few minutes...
"This has been a give and take." -- Reid.
Ne econstimpack bill...more jobs, less cost...according to Reid.
Gibbs...second fiddle.
Reid is out announcing the an econstimpack deal...behind him...max Baucus...and Joe Lieberman
they have gone off of it.. on all channels...
MAN.
"Admonition" -- Gibbs is rolling out the little used vocab words today.
The second most famous thing in the press briefing room (other than Chuck): Chuck's pen.
@WBeditor "Dang, you lost a follower during this presser? What's wrong with these folks? Where's their need for instant gratification?"
"let's probe this for a second.." Resisting comment.
Chuck...2nd question...he CANNOT be contained.  Don't cross the goatee.
Gibbs sticking with baseball metaphor...econstimpack is passed 7th inning....last call is over.
@KenShepherd "T-Pain subbing for Gibbs at a presser would be much more entertaining."  SO GOOD.
"No doubt people re going to look for who votes for what."  Yes they will, we think.
The GOP Congressman with Obama Monday: Fred Upton (Michigan).  Repub Gov: Charlie Crist.
"prejudge" !!!! Finally.  How did Gibbs stay away from it for so long?
"our hope is that MOCs of both parties will look through and find a balanced approach."
Our readout: VERY few Repubs will ultimately back final econstimpack plan in either House or Senate.
Chip Reid (of CBS): Econstimpack not going to pass with bipartisanship?
@mjkeliher "I enjoy your 7-second-long appearances on Andrea Mitchell's MSNBC show. 6 seconds would be too few. 7 seconds is perfect." ;)
Non sequitor: "I'm on a Boat!" http://tinyurl.com/b7vura
"There are many legs on this stool." Is it three? Four? How many legs can a stool have before it becomes not-a-stool anymore?
FIGHT! FIGHT! FIGHT!
@CampFu "Seems like Gibbs has gotten a bunch of new clothes. Maybe he has Sarah Palin's stylist? Snark! :)" PALIN!
Henry: "Where is you [housing] plan?"
"We've got Democrats and Republicans working together to get a deal." -- Gibbs. GOPers would disagree.
"I am reticent to read out minute by minute what is going on." -- Gibbs.
Ed Henry (CNN): How close is econstimpack deal?
@mojowen "I like you so much better than @thefix I want to put my new found love to song." YES!
"Conflate". Love it. Good word.
Tapper is not sorry for following up. Not really.
Dow -- back to dead even. Never seen that before.
Total # of Elkhart mentions: 0. Total number of Julio questions: 0
Question: Did Gibbs go out and get a new wardrobe pre-WH press gig?  I mean, he has to wear a lot of suits/shirts/ties.
@nadabrain "re: dropping follower. Their loss!" YEAH. We didn't want you anyway!
Jake Tapper (ABC) and Gibbs back on good terms...everybody's laughing. make sure to read this piece on Tap: http://tinyurl.com/dxjc62
"there's no easy way out of this" -- Gibbs. Also this: http://tinyurl.com/b54uek
Truth is, White House had a TOUGH headline day...lack of specifics in bailout coupled with Dow loss created less than ideal news environment
Question is from Reuters right now...reporter says there was "widespread confusion" about bank bailout plan.
@suldrew "Did the dropping follower not read the "hyper" in the name?!" Good question. No one should leave this feed. NO ONE.
Dow is UP 5 points...Gibbs "bad cop" routine is working.  We don't care about the markets...markets are attracted to bad boys.
Mike Fletcher (of Post) in background of MSNBC shot.  Looking thoughtful as always.
One question...one long answer...Gibbs channeling the president.
"Market certainty that will be provided ultimately...." -- Gibbs, saying something.
Gibbs...in keeping with the day's theme is dressed like a banker...dark grey suit, white shirt, blue tie.
What the heck? A dialing phone....so good.
Dow likes Gibbs...down 19. He is a calming influence on world markets. Must be the southern charm.
Loven pushes back.  Fight for our rights, J-Love. Our rights to party...um, report.
Gibbs says "not to always judge leaks in the newspaper as fact." DAMN newspapers.
Gibbs keeps looking down at notes (talking points)? This bailout bill is tricky territory and he is (smartly) being careful.
Gibbs calls the bailout plan "comprehensive" and insists that one day movement of Dow is not a concern.
A side note on Geithner's speech yesterday: he was reading off a TelePromter and it was, um, not good.
Gibbs takes his usual tact...let me give you a broader answer.
AP Jennifer Loven: Why were there so few details and why did bailout plan drive Dow down?
Dow down 24....Gibbs off to a rough start...call him Geithner.
Obama talked to Oklahoma Gov. Henry and Sooner State Senators...pass along best wishes after tornados.
Gibbs. Is. In. The. House.
Before briefing even starts, @thehyperfix drops a follower. MAN.
Is this like a concert? If we all start clapping, will Gibbs come out?
CNN...two minute warning has been given...COME ON
Gibbs...15 minutes late...Fix grows impatient.
@UtneReader "NPR says the Federal Highway Administration doesn't use the term 'Shovel Ready' http://bit.ly/lTHU but I don't know who coined"
"All the world's a suspect" -- Florida sheriff channeling Shakespeare.
And we're on to an Amber alert...in Florida. Father of missing girl says he will "kill" kidnapper if he finds the man before cops do.
Chuck's goatee just smiled at me. And winked.
@acarvin "WordSpy says the earliest use of "shovel ready" was in 1995 by Brian McNiff: http://tinyurl.com/8fvn2p" Awesome. Thanks.
Gibbs...ten minutes late....more time for Chuck.
Chuck drops a Telemundo reference. BREAKING: Todd is bilingual.
When in a pinch, MSNBC goes to Chuck Todd. Smart move. Goatee=ratings.
who coined the term "shovel ready"?
Clyburn predicts "positive stuff" will begin to come out of econstimpack within a week of it passing Congress.
Dow watch: down 5 points...watch for the Gibbs effect.
Holding...MSNBC interviewing Clyburn on CEO hearings...he acknowledges he hasn't watched it. Awesome. LIVE TV!
MSNBC just showed the briefing room...Helen is in place.
Worth noting: This is likely to be Gibbs only presser this week...Obama traveling  rest of week.
getting ready...we should be coming to Gibbs momentarily.
Evan Bayh on MSNBC right now...Fix will be on in 10 mins or so!
Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal will give GOP  official response to Obama Congressional address on Feb. 24...developing...
We'll be live twittering Gibbs WH presser in this space starting at 2 pm today. Tune in!
That last question at the Obama town hall was awesome..
And, spread the word on @thehyperfix and @thefix. Thanks for tuning in.
And thats it.  13 questions. One total hour.  Check out www.washingtonpost.com/thefix for our first take shortly.
"I am the eternal optimist" -- Obama.
9 pm nears...network execs getting nervous...
@allisonrockey "very powerful punch from the prez". Agree. He is coming out swinging on econstimpack tonight.
No he didn't...Obama smacks down R's for doubling national debt.
"people have to break out of some of the ideological rigidity and gridlock we have been carrying around."
Obama making sure public knows that Repubs were brought in to consult on econstimpack...even if they didn't vote for it.
55 minutes in. 13 questions. 10 minute opening statement.
Mara asks what Obama has learned when it comes to outreach to Repubs in Congress.
13th question (NPR -- Mara Liasson)....sitting next to her Politico's JMART!!!
HuffPo question on Gitmo and prosecuting Bush Admin officials...Obama focused on Gitmo.
12th question (Huffington Post)...Sam Stein...this shows the POWER of the internet. Somewhere Arianna is smiling.
Helen Thomas asks whether Obama knows of any countries in Middle East who have nuclear weapons. He is, um, not answering that one.
@RhiBowman "Try to think of them as spammers or bots who were auto-removed, not humans who don't like you. Does that help?" Kind of.
for the record: WaPo keeps it interesting at the White House press briefing.
11th question (Helen Thomas)...progressive talk radio host Ed Schultz gets a cameo!
"There are no shortcuts...when you try to takr shortcuts you may wind up tarnishing your entire career"
"depressing news...if you are a fan of major league baseball it tarnishes an entire era."
10th question (WPOST) FLETCH! Asks the Arod question. Nobody better.
Should I feel hurt when I lose a follower? (I do.)
Major asks about Biden. Obama should have set answer for all Biden questions: 	"That's Joe being Joe."
9th question (Fox News Channel). Major Garrett. Major sits next to Fix/Post WH reporters at daily press briefing room.
"JeremyElrod "Absolutely. If anyone debates that Cracker Barrel isn't the best road food hasn't had the hashbrown casserole."
and still no Daschle/Geither question...
8th question (NYT) Helene Cooper...
"We cannot allow Al Quaeda to operate....we cannot have those safe havens in that region."
Remember that during the campaign, Obama was down right hawkish on Afghanistan...
Obama on Afganistan: "This is going to be difficult."
Jamesbedell "btw. I was just in Elkhart. Particularly amazing cracker barrel." Cracker Barrel is best road food possible. Not debatable.
@delrayser"According to Krugman Elkhart is also the woodwind instrument capital of the US." So cool. Fix played recorder as a youth.
sorry...policy is that these pictures ARE NOT released.
Ed gets two questions in...big one is whether Obama will overturn policy of images of flag-draped caskets being released.
7th question (CNN): Ed Henry  -- Roll Call alum like the Fix.  Ed, like Tapper, goes with purple tie.  A theme?
BREAKING: Obama "does not have a crystal ball." Don't you get one of those when u get elected president?
Elkart, Indiana...RV capital of the world.  Awesome trivial pursuit factoid.
@jomolungma "This was the game plan - stall until the clock runs out, figuring the early questions will be on econstimpak."
6th question (ABC): Tapper! Great tie...and a "legs of stool" reference. Question is how to judge whether econstimpack is working
First press release on presser hits Fix inbox: Senate Republican campaign committee hits Obama for not keeping campaign promises.
Worth noting: no questions about Geithner/Daschle/Solis tax issues.  And we are now 35 minutes in.
My preferred Bloomberg question: Will Mayor Mike be your running mate in 2012?
5th question (Bloomberg): is econstimpack too small?
@pochacotaco "I don't find him defensive, I find him aggressive. I like it. Rawr."
@FollowMal "No.I think he's just trying to explain it. With intelligence and as simply and straight forward as he can. Economy=complicated."
@skywaterblue  "Is defensive DC for 'badass'? I vote 'badass'."
@LostAirman "Not defensive, just verbose."
@MichaelSzeto " o'course. he's defending his baby/the stimulus"
"Loosening up credit" just sounds dirty.
A question: is Obama a bit defensive tonight? Or no?
Hard to imagine Obama can concentrate with Chuck's goatee in the room.
4th question Chuck Todd (NBC): A man who needs no introduction....asks about consumer spending.
Obama gets FIRED UP (ready to go?) when it comes to assailing his pledge for bipartisanship.
Schools built in the 1850s! What is this Russia?
@buffalodavid "I was going to ask. Did you eat yet?" Did. See below. Mei Wah. And, sorry to those who hate to hear about my food intake.
Back in the early 70s....when the Fix was born...Baby Fix update...due Feb. 17!
We are now 25 minutes in...he is on the 3rd question....
@BMC926 "given that Elkhart is a town and not a person I think its the new Scranton"
Obama is making VERY clear tonight that this is George Bush's economy -- keeps saying he "inherited" the problem.
In order: Ham, Sausage, Bacon.
For the record the Fix loves pork:
One note: Obama has the American flag lapel pin in place.
CNN is helpfully annotating....what question was and who asked it.
Is Elkhart, Indiana the new Joe the Plumber?
Obama says his outreach to Repubs will pay off "over time", which reminds us of Woody Allen: "Comedy = tragedy + time."
Obama makes partisanship sound like eating Ben and Jerrys late at night; "its going to take time to break down those bad habits."
3rd question: CBS (Chip Reid) on whether bipartisanship is dead. "What went wrong?"
CNN just showed shot of reporters...there is an empty seat in front row. Um, who didn't show?
Obama sticks to his guns on diplomatic relations with Iran....took major heat over that policy during primary and general election.
@terry_levine  "he mentioned Fix!" BOO YAH!
Bellicose...great underutilized word.
Obama loves Iranian people, actions have been "unhelpful"
2nd question (Reuters): Iran policy.
Obama name drops the Fix. Well done, Mr. President.
Why does AP goes first? Tradition...wire services (AP, Reuters) usually lead off in these briefings
This is a long answer. Would be great if next economic question, Obama just said: "See my last answer. Next."
There is hat-plucking going on?
Another interesting thing to watch....how much will Obama filibuster with each question? Not likely to go more than an hour total...
This is a key point in understanding Obama and his early actions: he believes the era of small government is over. Anti-Bill Clinton.
How many economy questions before Daschle/Geithner?  One? Two? More?
Just figured out how to turn closed captioning off on Fix tv. YES!
CNN just did some weird double shot -- showed AP Jennifer Loven asking question from front and back...can the hologram be far behind!?
AP -- always goes first.
Sidenote: we are now over 2,200 people following @thehyperfix. Thanks to everyone. Spread the word.
The whole world is watching! The whole world is watching!
"The plan's not perfect. No plan is." -- Obama on econstimpack.
@team_venture "he needs to look into the cam lens more, not connecting w/public" Interesting observation.
Remember what u are watching: Obama making his case across all networks in PRIME TIME. No other politician can command that kind of stage.
To be clear...Fix sitting at office at Post...man in the room for us is the incomparable Mike Fletcher.
All talking points so far...more jobs lost than in the entire state of Maine..."only govt that can break the vicious cycle"....
Obama is a natural with the TelePrompter...hard to tell that he is even using on (he is).
Obama's opening remarks are the key to this presser from his perspective...reporter questions are the necessary evil.
Obama...right on time...takes the walk down the red carpet.
KO: "Cloture vote on the stim". Um, what?
Keith O. anchoring MSNBC coverage,
my fortune cookie: "A short vacation is in order for you." ALRIGHT!
MSNBC has a countdown to press conference clock....1:10...1:09
Chris Matthews proclaims that he, Roger Simon and Jim Warren are "pregaming" before the press conference. Awesome.
Eight minutes away..Chris Matthews just asked when (and if) A-rod question will be asked of Obama. Our guess? YES.
Also "it's my money and I need it now." That commercial is CONSTANTLY on.
@liebermans "Easily Arod and Steroids. We don't hear much about Spitzer and wont in 10 years. Can't say the same for Arod."
@tigerbeat "well, arod isn't going to have to resign"
Food for thought (while I eat Mei Wah): bigger scandal -- Arod and Steroids or Spitzer and hookers?
Totally agree that Sen. McCaskill has priorities straight..Fix warmup for press briefing...Pitt vs WVU on ESPN.
Why we love @clairecmc...night of Obama primetime presser, she tweets: "Go Tigers. Beat KU. Have 15 staff coming over for the game." Awesome
We will be live twittering tonight's White House briefing right here. Festivities start around 8 pm eastern.
Fishbowl NY takes note of the Fix's Twitter presence. Hooray! http://tinyurl.com/bswaor
And that's a wrap.  Gibbs did well for himself...no news created, no temper lost. A nice performance in difficult circumstances.
And now we are into "Buy America" questions...Gibbs must feel pretty good.
Gibbs has cooled back down.  And the feeding frenzy has spent itself -- for today. He survives.
Again, the focus of the briefing speaks to the problem with the withdrawals...Obama wants to talk econstimpack, he can't.
@deaninwaukesha: "And FNC has a box 'Daschle out'".
"Phraseology" and "tensing". NO WAY anyone could have thought Gibbs would utter either of those words today.
"The decisions these nominees made were to withdraw." -- Gibbs seeks to correct record.
It's official. Helen Thomas is not in the house today. She is fierce on Afghanistan and is nowhere to be seen on this back and forth.
CNN not helping matters...Gibbs is speaking over a banner headline that reads: "Daschle Withdraws as HHS Nominee"
@MarkWAdams "Hillary Clinton! Can she head up two Departments at once? ME: My wife insists ... Yes She Can!" WOW. Nicely played.
All but one question in this briefing, which is going on 30 mins, has been centered on Daschle.
BREAKING NEWS: Gibbs confirms White House can walk and chew gum at same time.
He won't look in the rear view mirror. He won't do it. He's not turning around. Don't make him come back there.
What we know from today: Obama is "quite confident" in his staff. Did we mention Obama is "confident". CONFIDENT, I say.
There is an open seat in the front row...that is Helen Thomas' seat...I believe.
Lynn Sweet sighting!
Why won't Gibbs look in the rear view mirror. Man...you do not want to be walking behind him when he is driving.
Gibbs starting to get frustrated...but overall has kept his cool...can he hang on?
When Gibbs isn't answering on Daschle, he's getting battered on the White House's involvement in picking the NH Senate replacement.
Gibbs says Daschle isn't distracting Obama agenda...he is making a stop at a "local school" today. See....everything is fine.
Thomas Mann: The Magic Mountain. Great book. Different guy.
"Is there a risk that this Administration begins to look in ethics practices like every other Administration that has preceded it? POW!
The Howard Dean for HHS Sec. float is made by Major Garrett. Gibbs refuses to play ball. (BOOO!)
FNC's Major Garrett: "Why would the White House believe it is a good idea to disappoint Democrats?"  BANG ZOOM!
You know who has a lot of experience trying to reform health care: Hillary Clinton! Can she head up two Departments at once?
In previous tweet we called Gibbs "Gobbs". Funny (sort of) but wrong.
Gobbs insists Daschle stepping aside won't stop healthcare reform. It's bigger than all of us damn it!
Daschle has withdrawn as HHS Sec and Health Care Czar.  The Fix believes the government needs more czars, not fewer.
The nub of the question in the briefing: Did Daschle get a signal to step aside?
CBS Radio's Mark Knoller goes with the glasses atop the head look. Awesomeness.
Gibbs would be happy to talk econstimpack all day....anything that doesn't start with "DASCH" and end with "LE".
Chuck Todd and Gibbs....going at it! Watch out for the goatee...there is a fist in there somewhere.
@skywaterblue "also buckle your seat before you pull out of the driveway!" Well said.
"i would love to play hypothetical games with you"-- Gibbs to Charles Todd...um, no he wouldn't.
For the record, the Fix regularly looks in the rear view mirror. It's safe driving 101.
"I am not going to spend a lot of time up here today looking in the rear view mirror" -- Gibbs. Also, he's not playing monday morn qb.
Tapper: "Is there anybody at the White House taking responsibility for what has been a messy confirmation process?" BANG!
Gibbs: Daschle, Killefer are isolated incidents....no reason to lose trust in Obama's judgment or vetting process.
"The process has guided Mr. Geithner to be the Secretary of the Treasury." -- Gibbs
Ed Henry (of CNN) goes at Geithner...how can he be Treasury Secretary given his tax problems?
Amazing when question about missile launch in Iran isn't the lead of a daily white house briefing.
Network and cable guys...just waiting to pounce on Daschle/taxes....this is the calm before the storm.
Gibbs gets a lifeline..FDA administrator question...how long can he filibuster?
"The president is confident in the people he has chosen to serve with him." -- Gibbs
AP: "Are their other nominees out there with tax problems we don't know about?" KAPOW.
The basic line of Daschle and Killefer: they decided they didn't want to be a distraction...but this is only the start.
"Senator Daschle has served this country for almost three decades with distinction." -- Gibbs
Gibbs tends to urge stepping back and giving a broader answer...allows him to avoid specifics and focus on 10,000 feet.
AP: "Why the about-face on Tom Daschle?" BAM!
Gibbs is trying to stay on message -- Govs supporting econstimpack -- but once questions begin that will be out the window.
here we go!
Conspiracy theory: Daschle withdrawal had something to do with those red glasses....
This is when Gibbs will earn his money...facing the firing line...
Gibbs is starting a little late today...understandably.
With so much going on, we are live twittering today's White House daily briefing...it starts at 1:30 pm today.
#rncchair My initial take: http://tinyurl.com/br7r9j
#rncchair That's all from here folks...thanks SO much for following the feed today and SPREAD THE WORD.
#rncchair "It's time for something completely different and we are going to bring it to them." -- Steele.
#rncchair "This is awesome." -- Steele.
#rncchair Chants of "Michael" go up in crowd.
#rncchair Steele moving to podium to speak....
#rncchair Michael Steele is your new RNC Chair.
#rncchair FINAL BALLOT Steele 91, Dawson 77.
#rncchair Fix Macbook battery on last legs. Now know battery life: 6 RNC ballots.
#rncchair Have to admit...this has been WAY more drama filled than I expected.
#rncchair Ok. 6th ballot is over.  Awaiting final results.
and that's it...the 6th vote is now down...we await the results...
The 6th ballot is starting...nearly there now.
#rnccchair We wait...five minutes or so before 6th (and final) ballot begins.  Magic number to win is 85. Steele need six, Dawson 16.
#rncchair Bill Pascoe (of NJ) has enlightened me about the use of the hash tag.
Anuzis out...does not endorse. 6th ballot will be it...
Anuzis....addressing crowd now...if he goes Steele, it is over.
6th ballot almost certain to be last. Hard to see where Dawson finds the votes he needs (16)
Steele now just six votes away...assuming Anuzis drops now then Steele needs to pick up one out of every three Anuzis voters to win.
5th ballot: Steele 79, Dawson 69, Anuzis 20.
Sentiment in room: Steele will win.
@Willowbottom "I wonder how this compares with pope selection. Seems more transparent, even more cumbersome" Waiting for white smoke now...
The higher the number of ballot, the longer the vote count is taking...it's still just 168 votes right?
Vote being counted.....
We are over 1,500 people following @thehyperfix twitter....thanks SO much...makes all this typing worthwhile ;)
5th ballot coming to an end...we might know the identity of the chair in the next five minutes.
5th ballot questions: Is this Steele's time?  Can Dawson hold him off? And, what does Anuzis do?
The roll of states begins (again).  Steele v Dawson. Anuzis still in...but not for long...
Setting the scene -- 4th ballot results: Dawson 62, Steele 60, Anuzis 31, Blackwell 15.
GOP strategists just breathed a big sigh of relief...Steele now the favorite...can he close it out on this ballot?
Blackwell is a conservative -- big time -- and may help other conservatives shore up doubts about Steele's conservative bona fides.
WOW
wow.
and endorses Michael Steele!!!
Blackwell withdraws....
"We must unleash a new, a new birth of freedom." -- Blackwell.
"We are back on the path to becoming the majority party again." -- Blackwell. Hmmmm.
Blackwell to the podium...loud applause...why didn't more people vote for him.
waiting on blackwell...he is "on his way"
Blackwell to make an announcement...if he is out, Dawson could get very close to the 85 he needs to win.
5th ballot starts.
Sentiment seems as though this is Dawson's to lose...but what does sentiment know?
Apologies...Steele up NINE votes from 3rd ballot. Total gain since 1st ballot: 14 (Thanks to math whiz Todd Harris.)
Basic arguments -- Dawson: I am one of you, strong conservative; Steele: we need real change, need to send party/country a message.
Another 15 minute break...re-convene at 3 pm...
Total gains/losses since 1st ballot: Dawson (+34), Steele (+21), Anuzis (+9), Blackwell (-5).
Change between 3rd and 4th ballot: Dawson (+28), Steele (+16), Anuzis (+7) and Blackwell (no change).
Anuzis and his 31 votes are the key now.  More likely to go to Steele than Dawson...but where do Blackwell's votes shake out.
Quickie analysis...two person race now...most of Duncan support went to Dawson but still 23 away from magic #.
4th ballot: Dawson 62, Steele 60, Anuzis 31, Blackwell 15
The gavel...here we go!
COUNT THE VOTES! COUNT THE VOTES! The audience? No, just me.
@jmckeever "this is better than a soap opera" Comments like that one make you a political nerd just like me.  Couldn't agree more.
The RNC is apparently counting votes on an abacus...
One thing for sure: there will be a new RNC chair...even if House and Senate leaders for GOP are the same pre and post 2008.
Saul Anuzis is huddled...how long can/does he stay in?
4th ballot now over.  Counting begins.
I know Diet Coke w/ Lime is all chemicals...but it tastes SO good.
4th ballot begins...where do Duncan's votes go?
A five minute recess is voted down!  Awesome...have to love these intraparty squabbles...
Duncan does not endorse....
Remember that Duncan is "of the committee"..Steele is not a member, Dawson is.
"This is an organization that is in good shape" -- Duncan.
Does he does he endorse?  Could tip the result heavily if he decides to weigh in for Dawson or Steele.
HUGE...Duncan now formally out...gets standing O for job he calls "highlight" of my life.
Mike Duncan...."winds of change are blowing at the RNC". Duncan WITHDRAWS.
4th ballot begins...
Someone yells ''Can we have the vote please?"....here here!
and still we wait...on the plus side...I found gift shop and bought Fig Newtons.
This delay between votes is looooong...maybe deals are being built? Most likely 4th ballot alliance: Steele-Anuzis.
C-SPAN has gone to Gibbs White House presser...a reminder to GOPers in room where they stand.
4th ballot What to Watch For: Does Anuzis cut a deal with Steele?  How many of Duncan's supporters go to Dawson?
Since 1st ballot, Dawson has gained 6, Steele 5, Anuzis 2; Duncan has lost 8 and Blackwell has lost 5.
The 15-minute break will feature Steele and Dawson trying to feast on Duncan supporters.
If Duncan is done (he is, we think) then will his voters head to Dawson? Seems more likely than to Steele.
Difference between 2nd and 3rd ballots: Steele (+3), Duncan (-4), Dawson (+5), Anuzis (no change), Blackwell (-4)
Steele now favorite...Duncan fade continues...hard for him to stay around...can Dawson emerge as Steele alternative?
3rd ballot: Steele 51, Duncan 44, Dawson 34, Anuzis 24, Blackwell 15.
Here we go....
@MichaelSzeto "most likely. Journo pen is bursting at the seams"
Tons of reporters here...more journos than RNC members?
@mjerzyk "thinking that Steele is going to take it." General sense in room too.
Just to set the scene -- 2nd ballot results: Duncan 48, Steele 48, Dawson 29, Anuzis 24, Blackwell 19.
Third ballot now done....tallying under way...this will be the BIG one.
We are at Oklahoma in the 3rd ballot roll call...getting there.
Reporters are starting to hunker down for the afternoon..food is being bought...sleeping bags are next.
Jill Lawrence (of USA Today) saves the Fix day: provides uneaten Energy Mix. YES!
The RNC rules dictate that no one has to drop out ever...it's why there can be SO many ballots.
Third ballot begins...
Saul Anuzis wins for best handout...a "box score" that allows you to keep track of the votes for each candidate on each ballot
@anamariecox "Actually, all it means is that a net 5 #rncchair voters changed. All 168 could have but 163 cancelled each other out" YES!
Everyone is comparing their candidate to Jim Nicholson in 1997...we shall see.
@rkudeshi "correct me if I'm wrong, but doesn't that mean only 5 people changed their votes" Yes. Almost total status quo except for Duncan
after each vote, rnc is taking a 15 minute break.
Again, Steele people have to be happy...gaining votes...and now in a tie with Duncan for first.
Generally status quo on second ballot...third ballot is likely where movement happens....
Bad news for Duncan...four less than on last ballot...can he survive past a 3rd ballot?
2nd ballot: Duncan 48, Steele 48, Dawson 29, Anuzis 24, Blackwell 19
The gavel...here we go...2nd ballot.
@anamariecox "I feel like the tension in the #rncchair room is more the consistency of Jell-O. Something they serve to old people." JELLO!
The vote counting continues...this is like Florida in 2000.
there is a demand from the peanut gallery for wardrobe commentary: Steele -- blue jacket, light blue shirtm blue and yellow striped tie.
You can cut the tension in the room with a knife. Or maybe a spoon. Perhaps the late great spork?
Ok...to reiterate..first ballot: Duncan 52, Steele 46, Dawson 28, Anuzis 22, Blackwell 20. Second ballot being counted.
Some context: Whoever wins this race has HUGE problems to solve.  First on list: countering Obams's 13 million person email list.
Anuzis...still smiling...but unless he moves up on this ballot, it may be all over for him.
Lots of folks wearing blue/white "Steele" name tags...them and the men in red hats are the highlight thus far.
To set the scene...a speaker calls each state (and territory)...they make their way up to front of room to cast votes...not a short process
Ben Ginsberg -- republican uber laywer -- is in the house.
This is a 20-stage process for each vote...man!
Two biggest questions: 1) What is Duncan's ceiling? 2) Is Dawson a legit contender or an also-ran?
The second ballot begins...this is the one that will really tell us where the momentum is in the race.
Rumor is...Duncan trying to cut deal with Blackwell for his votes...even with Blackwell's 20...Duncan still short of 85 he needs.
Kato Dawson faction insist all is well...ready to move on 2nd ballot.
A clarification: NO ONE needs to drop from the ballot...they can all stay in as long as they like.
A reminder of where things stand: As RNC chair race continues, President Obama is speaking on C-SPAN.
Steele people thrilled...
Other thoughts: Anuzis being so close to Blackwell in votes is bad for Saul...Katon needs to move quickly up on 2nd ballot to stay viable.
The next 15 mins...WILD lobbying campaign....Steele sitting pretty at the moment...do Anuzis/Dawson stay in...Blackwell says he will.
Big surprise: Steele SO close to Duncan...can Duncan hold on? 15 minute break before next vote.
Results: Duncan 52, Steele, 46, Dawson 28, Anuzis 22, Blackwell 20
The gavel is being banged...here come the results.
if you need other perspectives @anamariacox also twittering event...from three rows in front of Fix.
the lights are dimming...is the movie about to start?
and still tabulating first ballot...this could take all day.
the others...Mike Steele (Md.), Mike Duncan (Ky.), Katon Dawson (S.C.) and Ken Blackwell (Ohio)
@sallynorris "Remind us who Saul Anuzis is". Sorry, Michigan GOP chair and one of five candidates for RNC Chair.
Michael Steele is working the room...laughing and "looking" relaxed.
first ballot is now being tabulated.  Floor is "at ease"...let the glad-handing begin.
Shannon Flaherty (Blackwell's flack) drops off a reminder...that Jim Nicholson won in 1997 fter getting just 23 votes on 1st ballot.
Lots of men in red hats with nothing written on them...ushers? enforcers?
saul anuzis pacing room nervously....
First ballot underway...each state tramps up to front of room to cast their ballots.
Welcome...we are doing a little bit of tweeting from the RNC Chair election today in DC...Fix currently ensconced in room.
That's all folks. Thanks for joining us today and tune in next week for more live Twittering. SPREAD THE WORD on @thehyperfix
"President believes time he spent here and on Capitol Hill talking to members was time well spent" -- Gibbs on courtship on econstimpack.
"The input has been there. The legislation is reflective of that." -- Gibbs on econstimpack.
Kirk Victor of National Journal. Nobody better. Seriously.  Ask Kirk how he is doing. Answer is always "persevering".
Apparently I missed a Gibbs "prejudge" when he was talking about Obama and superbowl...thanks for the vigilance.
Ok, ignore my briefing stops at 3...it's now 3:02 pm.
"Swing at it a third time" -- Gibbs falls back on the baseball metaphor. Doing this briefing is like an unassisted triple play.
Dow update: Down 190. Gibbs today -- no harm, no foul.
@natthedem "Is the President coming into the press room for his statement at 3PM or are they delaying that?" No. Meeting with folks in oval
Koffler looks bored.  Or amused.  Or stewing quietly.
J-Mart goes jacketless and with the tie hung at a jaunty angle. Damn web guys....
Jonathan Martin of Politico! Love it.  J-Mart is a GREAT guy...knows bbq better than any other reporter.
BREAKING: Gibbs has not threatened anyone....today.
"it's hard for me to step inside the mindset of different people...". Was that a "Being John Malkovich" reference?
Question: How does Gibbs know what time it is? He was a watch on but he can't look at it without seeming bored.
Koffler goes jacketless in the press briefing. BOLD.
"Even while we disagree, we don't have to do is disagreeably" -- Gibbs, sticking to his guns on econstimpack.
Gibbs will almost certainly end this before 3 as Obama is set to meet with Geithner.
That was Keith Koffler. Great guy and WH press corps vet.
@Jamesbedell "your twitter avatar looks like that old SNL skit where the reporter has a camera duct-taped to his head." Awesome.
@amslotnik on updates: "Just right, at least for me. Daily briefing is while I'm at work, so I watch my Twitter client over my shoulder"
Les Kinsolving goes before the NYT!
Les Kinsolving! Worldnet Daily.  Les is a legend of the press room.
Ken Herman (of Cox) on Digital TV.  Good stuff.  Gibbs has no answer.
Gibbs, citing Obama, questions whether a dialogue with Iran would be with Ahmadinejad.  Did I spell that write?
Take note: Gibbs is being VERY careful on the Iran question.  He doesn't want to make news or cause int'l conflict with flippant remark.
Dow update: Down 188. Come on Gibbs. Turn it around.
Gibbs appears to be fading...heavy sniffling and throat clearing...and was that a cough?
Sound off...too many updates? too few?  TheHyperFix is a work in progress.
"When are you going to show us a little more leg?" -- WSJ's Weisman to Gibbs. (And yes, badly out of context.)
BUT, does say Obama has "affection" for Rooney family who owns the Steelers. Interesting, Rep. Tom Rooney (Fla.) is a Republican.
"I've not asked him specifically who he is rooting for." -- Gibbs punts on Superbowl question.
"The fine Washington Post" -- Gibbs confirms Obama reads our paper. Whew.
Shear is DOMINATING.  This is like a one on one interview with Gibbs.
@roadkillrefugee "WH Super Bowl Party Food Watch. If WH fails to serve chili Cincinnati-style, is Obama stiff-arming Boehner? Developing..."
Not going to write them but all of this "package" talk prompts lots of "That's what she said" moments. Homage to "The Office"
Shear gets the Superbowl question in. Well played sir!
Mike Shear. Wash Post!  Go Shear Go.  Interesting Shear fact: computer genius and MAC lover.
"President is not going to referee what individual interest groups on either side of this do" -- Gibbs on outside ads on econstimpack
@Enriquetat "Dude, he going to see your stream and you never going to get the invite to President Obamas Superbowl party Fix!" Ugh.
Governator mention: "It is not a tumah!"... "Get to the choppa"...we could go on all day.
Tapper is getting his face in the shot here as Major Garrett asks his question....double exposure!
@redcrossmom "Somebody needs to stroke count how often Gibbs says ahh..uh..um" A common complaint but hard to speak off cuff for an hour...
Dow update: Down 174...the Gibbs effect continues...Fix needs to call his stockbroker.
Again we ask, WHERE IS MILBANK?
Gibbs is like Michael Jordan in the 1997 NBA finals: http://espn.go.com/classic/s/jordanmichaeladd.html
remember how Bill Clinton watched the Superbowl last year with New Mex Gov. Bill Richardson. Awesome.
BREAKING: Obama will have Members of Congress over to WH to watch Superbowl....
Gibbs didn't go to cocktail party last night. Read book on mummies to his son, Ethan. Name dropper!
It's a run on WH correspondents with facial hair. Mark Knoller (of CBS) rocking the full beard.
"we took a very important step forward last night" -- Gibbs on econstimpack vote.
Chuck flaunting his goatee...
Chuck looks as though he has gotten a haircut -- tightening up the sides. We likey.
Chuck Todd, media god.  Behind Chuck Todd's goatee is another fist.
15 minutes in...Gibbs has yet to say "prejudge". COME ON!
Gibbs is sticking to the post-partisan message...despite the 0 GOP votes for econstimpack.
Folks asking why AP gets first question...tradition as dominant wire service.
@obamafoodorama "Loving you, buddy. Just wanted to say." Thanks. And great username
Obama's time consulting with Repubs is "important" due to the state of the economy, sez Gibbs.
"Old habits die hard" -- Gibbs, apparently unaware of newspaper readership numbers.
Obama has no regrets about the way he handled the GOP outreach; "President wouldn't do anything differently"
Finally a stim pack question.....
"The president shares the American peoples' outrage on this." -- Gibbs on exec pay
Dow update: Down 189...bless MSNBC for including it on the screen with Gibbs.
"Mere Senator Obama". -- Gibbs gets the joke.
"When the president was a mere Senator...." Tapper, flashing that wry sense of humor.
CEO pay may be the new econ stimulus.  Tapper (of ABC) makes it a third question on the topic.
Helen Thomas jumps the line...for a follow up on exec pay. "What can he do"? says Helen
Interesting: First two questions NOT about econ stim bill.
Obama apparently eager to condemn CEOs payouts. Will make remarks at 3. That means this briefing ends before then.
Gibbs on Gitmo ruling today: Doesn't affect the ability to assess situation of those held there
So you know...these briefings are PACKED...people standing in the aisles...won't always be like that but Obama/Gibbs is the hot show now
As a matter of tradition, Jennifer Loven (of AP) ALWAYS gets first question.
Gibbs breaks the streak...a blue shirt today.
BREAKING: Gibbs has cold!
Dow update: Down 200 as Gibbs starts.
And away we go. Gibbs comes armed with water.
Learning my lesson, I ate BEFORE this briefing. (ham/swiss on a sesame bagel). Take that gawker!
Quick update: Press briefing has been moved to 2:15 pm. But, we are STILL live twittering in this space!
Ok, this isn't on topic...but if you are near a TV...go watch Blago defending himself in front of the state Senate. Must watch!
We have crested 1,000 people following the live twitter!  Yes! Thanks to all! Spread the word!
Stay tuned: At 1:45 pm (or so) today, we'll be live twittering the White House press briefing in this space.
Tomorrow (Thursday) we are live-blogging the Gibbs daily briefing...so stay tuned. Also, let's get over 1,000 followers before then!
Ok, it's finally done.  Thanks for joining and make sure to check our future daily press briefings tweets. Check this space for updates.
Gibbs just keeps going. Geithner made an "honest mistake"; dodges the reference to Wesley Snipes in the question. Smart.
"There is only email system at a time..." -- Gibbs pokes fun at the failures of the email system.
Thanks for taking part in our first ever Twitter from the WH press briefing room. More to come! Tell your friends!
@Enriquetat "it was good- nice shirt and glasses work for you"
@davemitrani "you were good, but where is chuck todd?!" I always stand in Chuck's shadow. He is to my left, asked 2nd question of briefing.
Mark Knoller (of CBS radio) has THE greatest voice.  Deep, resonating. Awesome.
Rate my question: Good, bad or indifferent? Just trying to shake it up with a little Al Gore...
This is one of the brightest differences between Obama and Bush -- environment...Obama aides openly critical of Bush policy.
Fix question! GORE-acle!
"Stimulative" sounds dirty...it isn't, but it sounds that way.
Gibbs...heading into the 40th minute...Fix dreaming of a trip to "Breadline" shortly.
"Tinker under the hood" ! Yes! Gibbs is letting his southern side out today.  Love it.  Now we are waiting for "That dog won't hunt"
Lots of note-taking from Psaki, Burton, Cherlin, Shapiro....Maybe Gibbs likes a daily review of his performance ;)
It's official. Word of the day is "process". Beats out "prejudge" by a hair.
@buffalodavid "Wish I could twitter you a ruben" Um, me too. Mouth just started watering.
Helen Thomas goes with the Afghanistan question. Direct!
Lots of "processes" being started....eventually all of these processes have to lead to a solution...or Obama popularity will plummet
Fix follower update...we are now over 500 following @thehyperfix...thanks to all...spread the word.
"We fired most of the bullets in that gun." -- Gibbs on "monetary policy". Now that's the folksiness we expect out of an Auburn man.
Briefing is right now at 30 minutes or so...Gibbs first briefing was nearly an hour...second about half that.
Love it! "Kabuki theater". I pledge to use that phrase at least once a week in The Fix from here on out. Unless the editors tell me I can't.
Hans goes with "prejudge". Is that the word of the early days of the Obama Administration?
Hans Nichols of Bloomberg. Plays hoops with Fix...GREAT athlete. Tennis player at Cornell (alma mater of Andy Bernards of "The Office")
Obama also "anxious" to get bipartisan support. Fix anxious to get food.
Obama "open minded" and "energetic" about getting bipartisan support. Fix is open minded and energetic about eating after this.
"This wasn't cowboy diplomacy" -- Gibbs on Obama's "I won".
To be honest, we could have used more Limbaugh. I've got a fever and the only prescription is more Limbaugh.
Gibbs to Limbaugh: "Tell him I said hi"
Limbaugh!
Prudent -- Dana Carvey as George H.W. Buh lives.
"The answers to these questions are that a prudent review process will ultimately be put in place." -- Gibbs on Gitmo.
Favorite word today: "process". Interesting because press people never like process....heyooO!
@Phyrdancer the pink and brown diag.striped tie ...thumbs up.
"Long and winding road"....Beatles reference?
Gibbs dodges NYT question on what constitutes bipartisanship in vote for Obama econ package. Good question nonetheless.
It's decided. Gibbs favorite word: "prejudge".  Not bad, not great.
Thoughts on Gibbs tie? Fix approves.
A cell phone rings! PROTOCOL!!!
Is Obama tilting at windmills with his newly announced energy policy?  Sorry, couldn't resist.
Ed Henry goes for question #3!
If you had "model year 2011", BINGO!
Nixon reference! Always a good sign in the opening days of a presidency.
"the late 2000's". Why did the "aughts" never catch on like the "eighties" or "nineties"?
More on fuel efficiency standards....HIGH drama
Is Gibbs filibustering?  I mean....
One thing you can't see on TV...it is FREEZING in here!  Fix seat is right by the door.  COME ON!!
CAFE standards...this is cable TV ratings gold. (NOT).
House vote on Obama stimulus package will come Wednesday...issue is how many Republican votes he can get.
Jake Tapper...seated directly in front of le Fix.
wondering what this pic is? Fix at the inauguration. Took me a week to thaw out. Not kidding.
Geithner confirmation is a near sure thing -- interested to watch how many GOPers vote no. Committee vote had five.
Things I learned today: There are power outlets and internet connections at each of the seats in the press room. Good times.
"China is a big player in world economy" -- Gibbs states the obvious.
China...always a hot question.
Gibbs makes clear second half of TARP money has to be used far differently than the first half. Slap at Bush (again).
Gibbs again is careful not to get ahead of Prez on issues...even when Chuckie T. is asking the questions
Obama press aides in the room: Jen Psaki, Bill Burton, Reid Cherlin, Nick Shapiro.  In case Gibbs needs backup!
Setting the scene...TV cameras all to the left of gibbs, standing room only for reporters...Fix lucky enough to be in Post seat.
To the right of Gibbs...a new TV..bearing whitehouse.gov web address.  Welcome to the 20th century White House!
Jennifer Loven....always gets first question. AP privileges.
Gibbs -- three press briefings, three white shirts.  He needs to shake it up.
Obama talked to Sarkozy today...no word on whether he chatted with Mrs. Sarkozy.
Ongoing email problems at White House...email has been out for press staff for three plus hours.
Gibbs!
Gibbs...11 minutes late...this briefing better be good.
The Fix grows hungrier...may need to eat BEFORE these briefings in the future.
Two-minute warning has been issued!
Chuck Todd....getting a last minute stand-up in....
by the way...Post seat is between FNC's Major Garrett and NYT Sheryl Gay Stolberg.
Everyone is in place....just waiting on Gibbs
ok...one minute late...these have started five minutes late or so.
T-minus ten minutes...room starting to fill....
Things I am learning about WH press space: NO food. Man. I skipped breakfast...HUGE mistake in retrospect.
Welcome to the home of The Fix's coverage of the daily White House press briefing. The festivities will start @1:30 pm.