RT @david_thedivine: Always believe that something amazing is about to happen.
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Ultimately we are called to respond to all human needs, for that is what love entails.	Ask yourself, “Do I really love G…
RT @livechristian1: Like the air your breath in, Jesus is every present. Even if you cannot see Him physically.
RT @SportsMotto: Losers tell you what they're going to do. Winners just go do it.
RT @david_thedivine: Truth is there is nothing too hard for God.
People who are greedy and covetousness, can never be thankful for what they have.
RT @Bible_Time: For it is by grace you have been saved, through faith-and this not from yourselves, it is the gift of God. -Eph 2:8
RT @can2009: You may set or have certain plans in your life, but God may have a different plan. It's okay to let go and let God.
RT @GodsMotivations: But they who wait for the Lord	shall renew their strength;	they shall mount up with wings like eagles;	they shall run…
RT @david_thedivine: It’s Ok to celebrate small your success &amp; accomplishments🕺		#HappyFriday
RT @JoelOsteen: It may not have happened yet, but look again. That doesn’t mean it’s still not going to happen. That setback didn’t cancel…
Only God can take you to places you’ve never imagined.
RT @ArmorOGod: Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies. -Mother Teresa
RT @Bible_Time: I am the Alpha and the Omega, says the Lord God, "who is, and who was, and who is to come, the Almighty." -Revelation 1:8
RT @SportsMotto: If good luck exist, it is that which results from hard work and preparation.
RT @david_thedivine: Chin up. This is still your year.
RT @david_thedivine: But He knows the way that I take; When He has tested me, I shall come forth as gold. 		Job 23:10 NKJV
RT @Godly_Life: Follow God's lead. He will never direct you wrong.
RT @david_thedivine: When the enemy comes in like a flood, the Spirit of the Lord will lift up a standard against him. 		Isaiah 59:19B NKJV
RT @david_thedivine: For your Father knows the things you have need of before you ask Him. 		Matthew 6:8B NKJV
RT @david_thedivine: He leads me beside the still waters. He restores my soul.		Psalm 23:2B-23A NKJV
RT @GovAyoFayose: In this month of March, God will meet you at the point of your needs, He will surprise you mightily concerning your finan…
RT @david_thedivine: Jesus said 		Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid. 		John 14:27B KJV
RT @livechristian1: Focusing on Heaven instead of earth should help you stay focused and also keep things in perspective. 		How are you dai…
RT @Inspire_Us: Worry does nothing but steal your joy and keep you very busy doing nothing.
RT @JesusSaves_Broo: Dear Lord, 		Let your daughters know that they are beautiful queens. Some of them are struggling with insecurities bec…
RT @Bible_Time: Be content with what you have, because God has said, "Never will I leave you; never will I forsake you." -Hebrews 13:5
RT @PastorJohnHagee: Why does God allow storms in our lives? To teach us that we need Him every day and every hour of our lives.
RT @can2009: Those of us who have learned to depend on God for everything, understand there is nothing that God cannot turn around.
RT @david_thedivine: I know your works. Look! I have set in front of you an open door that no one can shut. 		Revelations 3:8A CEB
RT @momwhopray: God will not allow a trial to come into your life unless He has a purpose. He doesn't send the storms, but He uses them.
RT @SportsMotto: Pain is only temporary but victory is forever.
RT @ArmorOGod: Protect me, God, when I take refuge in you - Psalm 16:1
RT @Inspowerco: Sometimes the bad things that happen in our lives put us directly in the path of the best things that will ever happen to u…
RT @GodsMotivations: Come to me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest.	Matthew 11:28
RT @livechristian1: For I command you this day to love the Lord your God and to keep his commands, decrees, and regulations by walking in h…
RT @david_thedivine: May you hear good news this month.
RT @david_thedivine: No matter how difficult it may be 	There is always a way.
RT @SportsMotto: Win, lose or draw, you get the most out of each day, and if you get the most out of each day, I can be happy at the end of…
RT @JesusSaves_Broo: Whoever you are that woke up very depressed this morning I just want you to know that YOU MATTER. You have VALUE and I…
RT @david_thedivine: I am the Lord All-Powerful, the first and the last, the one and only God. 		Isaiah 44:6 CEV
RT @livingforjc: Lead me to the cross. 	Where Your love poured out. 	Bring me to my knees. 	Lord I lay me down. 	Rid me of myself. 	I belon…
RT @StokedDaily: "It's better to walk away than to tolerate nonsense."
RT @SandiHKaye: “It was freedom, not socialism that gave us the most prosperous country in the world.”  Mike Pence
RT @livechristian1: Don’t let the devil define you.		God made you better than that.
RT @Godly_Life: Pray, forgive yourself, appreciate others, do things you enjoy, and remind yourself that you are loved.
RT @_CSpurgeon_: All our perils are nothing, so long as we have prayer.
RT @LivPsy: It's not always advice that's needed. Sometimes all a person needs are your ears and a shoulder to cry on.
RT @david_thedivine: A lot can change in a month. 		Believe !!!
RT @ArmorOGod: Father, help me to never be afraid to pray for the impossible.
RT @david_thedivine: Don’t lose hope. This month will be a great one.
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Oh Holy Spirit, pour into us the treasure of Your grace!	Oh Holy Spirit, enlighten us with Your divine inspiration!	Oh H…
RT @_LoveLike_JESUS: .	Father GOD,	Forgive Us when we get	Consumed by the things	of this World that Fights-	-for our Love &amp;	-for our Passio…
RT @VictoriaOsteen: Be faithful with what God has placed in your hands today, and He will work out the details of tomorrow.
RT @LivPsy: "How beautiful it is to stay silent when someone expects you to be enraged."
May I never forget, on my best day, I need God as desperately as I did on my worst day...
“THANK GOD" FOR WHAT YOU HAVE “TRUST GOD" FOR WHAT YOU NEED...
"Everyone has a chapter they don't read out loud."
RT @david_thedivine: Have faith. God will show up just like all the other times He did for you.
The best feeling ever is realizing you ain't sad anymore over things you thought you would never get over.
Having faith isn’t easy, but it’s necessary.
A plane can't land until the coast is clear. Some of our blessings are stuck in the air because of our ENVIRONMENT!!!! TOOOOOOO much mess on the landing strip!!!
"Trust is like an eraser, it gets smaller and smaller after every mistake."
Don’t force it. If it’s real, it will happen.
Shake off the guilt, quit living condemned and receive the forgiveness, receive the mercy. Because of the blood of Jesus, our sins have been permanently taken away.
RT @can2009: We are created to be God's crowning creation!
RT @ArmorOGod: When you take time with God and listen to His voice, He renews your strength and enables you to handle life.
RT @LivPsy: Chocolate discharges the same chemical into your body that is produced when you start falling in love.
Be careful who you announce your goals to. The person you think will support &amp; motivate you might end up being the one to bring you down.
If you can't control what you think, you will not be able to control what you do...
RT @david_thedivine: Bless the Lord, O my soul, And forget not all His benefits:
RT @StokedDaily: "Do every act of your life as though it were the very last act of your life." -Marcus Aurelius
RT @LivPsy: Closing your eyes can help you remember things better.
RT @SportsMotto: What we do today, makes us champions tomorrow.
RT @david_thedivine: Who crowns you with lovingkindness and tender mercies,
RT @SportsReset: Winners, imagine their dreams 1st. They want it with all their heart &amp; expect it to come true. There's no other way to liv…
RT @david_thedivine: Who forgives all your iniquities, Who heals all your diseases,
Nothing is going to happen that God is not already aware of, so trust Him through all things.
RT @SportsMotto: Don't be a spectator, don't let life pass you by. - Lou Holtz
RT @livechristian1: So let’s not get tired of doing what is good. At just the right time we will reap a harvest of blessing if we don’t giv…
RT @JuliannebyGrace: @RevLDReed @DorisZelaya5 @PamGibs64104547 @Bernade40350422 @hickoryhill8520 @elliesangelwing @robyn_lance @Stewart7Don…
RT @JuliannebyGrace: When you hit life’s wall, barely holding on. Seems impossible; THAT'S the moment to get on your knees, and give it to…
One cannot find happiness, on the happiness of others.
RT @TabithaKhaye: Your life is your message to the world. Make sure it's inspiring.
RT @_CSpurgeon_: I would rather teach one man to pray than ten men to preach.
RT @can2009: God has already given you the faith to take you through any trial.  Use it!
RT @Quote_Soup: I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious. - Albert Einstein.
RT @StokedDaily: How To Better Yourself :		- Exercise	- Be Open-Minded	- Love Yourself	- Be Positive	- Drink Enough Water	- Eat Right	- Tal…
RT @holybibletoday: #IRememberLearning		Learning to love from Jesus	Learning to hope from Jesus	Learning to praise from Jesus	Learning to f…
RT @LivPsy: For You :		“I continuously push myself to learn and develop in areas of life that bring me happiness, freedom, and purpose.”
RT @david_thedivine: The word says 		Commit everything you do to the Lord. Trust him, and he will help you.		Psalms 37:5 NLT
RT @ArmorOGod: Trust in the LORD with all your heart &amp; lean not on your own understanding. -Prov 3:5
RT @_LoveLike_JESUS: .	  Cast your Fear in the Fire	    Cause Fear he is a Liar		   Can I get an “AMEN” ???	.
RT @JesusSaves_Broo: Dear God, 		I pray for all the woman who feel heartbroken today. All the woman who have been mistreated and abused in…
RT @BrianMonzon: Wait on the Lord; be of good courage, and He shall strengthen your heart; wait, I say, on the Lord!	Psalm 27:14
RT @StoningOfSteven: If Christ #JESUS is your personal Lord and savior you are a child of #God and you have access to the guidance of the #…
RT @david_thedivine: Rejoice in hope, be patient in tribulation, be constant in prayer. 		Romans 12:12 ESV
We know that all things work together for good for those who love God. -Rom 8:28
RT @StephanSpeaks: I pray you receive the man who wants to love you, not just use you...read this: https://t.co/OrYxHzI1zN
RT @SportsMotto: I am not what I ought to be, not what I want to be, not what I’m going to be, but I am proud to say I am better than I use…
RT @VictoriaOsteen: How do you change your life? One thought at a time. Your thoughts determine your actions, and your actions determine yo…
RT @inspiremelounge: Whoever speaks on their own does so to gain personal glory, but he who seeks the glory of the one who sent him is a ma…
God will use the difficulties in your life to launch you forward. Believe that this is your year for acceleration!
RT @Teekayworldwd: Don’t compare your Chapter 1 to someone else's Chapter 20
RT @kristia101: https://t.co/A6DWtj9ntS
RT @IAMSavedRYou2: ✝️ Therefore, since we are surrounded by such a great cloud of witnesses, let us throw off everything that hinders and t…
RT @TabithaKhaye: Our lives are defined by opportunities, even the ones we miss.
RT @Sports_HQ: Champions aren´t made in the gyms. Champions are made from something they have deep inside them - a desire, a dream, a visio…
RT @_CSpurgeon_: I would rather speak five words out of this book than 50,000 words of the philosophers. If we want revivals, we must reviv…
RT @ArmorOGod: O LORD my God, I called to you for help &amp; you healed me. Psalm 30:2
RT @Quote_Soup: I walk slowly, but I never walk backwards.
RT @Bible_Time: Cast but a glance at riches, &amp; they are gone, for they will surely sprout wings &amp; fly off to the sky like an eagle. -Prover…
RT @FaithReeI: We are saved by grace through faith in Christ Jesus, not from any works that we can boast of.
RT @LivPsy: "If you're always trying to be normal, you will never know how amazing you can be." - Maya Angelou
RT @RevLDReed: John 3:18	Whoever believes in Him is not condemned, but whoever does not believe has already been condemned, because he has…
RT @Godly_Life: Don't forget to pray today, because God didn't forget to wake you up this morning.
RT @ArmorOGod: You never really know yourself until you see yourself under pressure.
RT @LivPsy: "Do all the good you can,	By all the means you can,	In all the ways you can,	In all the places you can,	At all the times you ca…
RT @SportsMotto: On a GREAT TEAM the coach demands it, the player wants it and they both expected it. – Barry M. Messer
RT @can2009: Tough times? The reason why God gave the assignment to you and not to someone else, maybe because HE TRUSTS YOU with the task!
RT @SportsMotto: Get the fundamentals down and the level of everything you do will rise. – Michael Jordan
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Though you are facing many hardships and your goals seems hard to reach, never give up and never lose hope. God is prep…
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Sometimes the worst things that happen in our lives turn out to be blessings in disguise. Trust God through it all. He…
RT @StephanSpeaks: The man God has for you will not abuse you or disrespect you. He will love you and cherish you ... read this: https://t.…
RT @have_falth: Prayer should be the Key in the Morning, And The Lock at night!!
RT @Saintly_Life: You may look into your mirror and see flaws, but someone else looks at you, and only sees beauty.
RT @WomenOfHistory: Sometimes you have to lose the battle to win the war.
RT @Quote_Soup: Let the refining and improving of your own life keep you so busy that you have little time to criticize others.
RT @Godly_Life: The things we think about, focus on, and surround ourselves with will shape who we become.
RT @david_thedivine: Use What God Has Given You!
RT @ArmorOGod: Some of God's greatest gifts are unanswered prayers. -Garth Brooks
RT @LivPsy: For You :		"I am the architect of my life. I build my own foundation and I choose my own bricks."
RT @can2009: When you pray, talk to God like He's your best friend.   Because he is!
RT @ArmorOGod: LORD MAKE ME AN INSTRUMENT OF YOUR PEACE	— Where there's hate, let me sow love	— Where there's injury, pardon	— Where there'…
RT @Godly_Life: Jesus died for you, knowing you might never love Him back. THAT is true love.
RT @IIIDeaton: " And if children then heirs; heirs of God, and joint-heirs with Christ; if so be that we suffer with him, that we also may…
RT @ArmorOGod: If God changes your heart, be willing to change your plans.
RT @david_thedivine: God Thinks You Can.
RT @Bible_Time: God sees your pain. He will supply an opportunity. He will provide a way. Bigger and greater than before!
RT @Godly_Life: Sometimes you may feel God is hard on you &amp; doesn't love you... Truth is He Loves you to much to leave you the way you are.
RT @ArmorOGod: Be strong &amp; take heart, all you who hope in the LORD. - Psalm 31:24
RT @ArmorOGod: God is more concerned about your heart than your performance. If your heart is right, your performance will eventually catch…
RT @SportsMotto: The important thing is that your teammates have to know you're pulling for them and you really want them to be successful.…
RT @FaithReeI: Take your pain and turn it into something great. Put your energy towards bettering your life and starting something new.
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: God is going to test your character. He is going to prove if your faith is real. This testing will show you if you can…
RT @StephanSpeaks: People have the right to their opinion...and you have the right to ignore it.
RT @inspiremelounge: The jailer brought them into his house and set a meal before them; he was filled with joy because he had come to belie…
RT @_LoveLike_JESUS: .	               J E S U S	                      A	                      V	                      E…
RT @StephanSpeaks: Have faith, your blessing is coming.
RT @inspiremelounge: God has not left us to face the world alone.
RT @ArmorOGod: I know God will not give me anything I can't handle.  I just wish that He didn't trust me so much.  -Mother Teresa
RT @WomanDoItAll: Most of our problems are because we act without thinking or we keep thinking without acting. #truth
RT @AmazingiGrace: Don't stress about the future, it hasn't arrived. Live in the present and make the most of it.
Stop going to people for what only God can give you...
IF you cannot be a bridge  to connect people, then do not be a wall to separate them...
“LOVE"-Keeps no record of wrongs -Does not delight in evil -Rejoices with the truth -Perseveres -Preserves -Protects -Forgives -Hopes...
RT @VictoriaOsteen: For every decision you face, there are really only two choices: God’s way or any other way. Choose His ways and walk in…
RT @SportsMotto: A quiet bench is a losing bench, A quiet gym is a losing gym, and a quiet team is a losing team! Communicate and be enthus…
Broken things can become blessed things...if you let God do the mending...
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Here are my 9 Secrets to Creating Abundant Success:	Start with Prayer	Be Grateful	Know your "Why"	Look to Bless Others…
RT @JoelOsteen: You don’t have time to get distracted by all the negative chatter. There’s always going to be someone that doesn’t like you…
RT @StephanSpeaks: If you have to keep wondering where you stand with someone, it might be time to stop standing and start walking.
If you have to keep wondering where you stand with someone, it might be time to stop standing and start walking...
When the phone was tied with a wire, Human were free...
RT @RealTalkKim: It's NOT what you are that is holding you back. It's what you think you are not.
Seek -GOD's Peace, Enjoy -GOD’s Mercy, Walk in -GOD's Love, Grow in -GOD's Grace, Be filled with -GOD's Joy, Overflow with -GOD's Hope, Receive -GOD's Forgiveness...
You are fearfully and wonderfully made, and God has an incredible plan for your life!
RT @StephanSpeaks: If you don't heal, you won't be able to embrace the love you desire when it comes your way.
RT @SportsMotto: Coaching doesn’t start with X’s and O’s. It starts with believing that players win games and coaches win players. – Bill C…
RT @StokedDaily: i’ve never met a strong person with an easy past		i’ve never met a champion who didn’t at one point in time fail		i’ve nev…
.	       The ONE who DIED, on the Cross, Now LIVES inside of Me. Hallelujah!!!		.
RT @SandiHKaye: “Let nothing be done through strife or vainglory; but in lowliness of mind let each esteem other better than themselves.”	P…
.	   GOD wants Full Custod you, Not just Weekend Visitation...
RT @SevenShepherd: "He that is soon angry dealeth foolishly: and a man of wicked devices is hated." ~Proverbs 14:17 #Jesus #God #Bible
Do not be afraid of their faces, for I am with you to deliver you says the Lord Jeremiah 1:8
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: You should know that you are important because God says you are important. The value God places on you is permanent. No…
Sometimes, our greatest strengths can be found while trusting God through our greatest obstacles.
RT @holybibletoday: #SignsYouAreSingle		You have more love for Jesus	You have more time for Jesus	You have more belief in Jesus	You have mo…
JESUS Paid a Debt He didn't Owe, because We Owed a Debt, We couldn't Pay...
RT @david_thedivine: GOD has your back. Your sides. Top of your head and soles of your feet.
RT @IIIDeaton: Lol....the easiest way for me to know prophecy that is NOT from God is that it's For Sale ! 		Don't trust anyone who charges…
RT @inspiremelounge: The reward of a life spent living boldly for Jesus far outweighs any temporary consequences we may endure.
RT @JoelOsteen: God has spoken promises to your spirit that may seem too big, impossible. You don’t have the connections, the experience, t…
RT @pauladefarasin: When God makes people great, it’s not because they were chasing greatness but because they were chasing Him and greatne…
Get God's plan before making your own plans...
RT @RealTalkKim: You weren’t rejected. You were released. 		Shout now!
RT @wild_jo: Be sincere if you want to succeed #ThinkBIGSundayWithMarsha https://t.co/6ka4Dogp8Z
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: She receives prayer for her son who is being unjustly detained by the police, The word of God never fails; he will be fr…
RT @Jesus_YaHWeH_: Psalms 31	3 For thou art my rock and my fortress; Therefore for thy name’s sake lead me and guide me. 	#YHWH	🌈🌈👉🅾️🅾️👈🌈🌈…
RT @ToddTrotter3: Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil.	Ephesi… https://t.co/pxNBid4…
RT @can2009: If God only used perfect people, nothing would get done. God will use anybody if you're available. Well, are you available?
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Do not just pray for yourself; pray for others. Use that power to help somebody else reach their destiny.
RT @livingforjc: The power of God is in His Word and when you read His Word it fills you up with Him because the Word of God is alive and a…
RT @david_thedivine: God not only heals you, He stands by you even when the stigma is still attached to your name.
Pray more, worry less...
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: You may be in a season of silence right now where you feel like you are hidden, but the silence does not mean God has f…
RT @StephanSpeaks: Every person who catches your interest, isn’t meant to keep it.
RT @VictoriaOsteen: Sometimes we want to talk about our problems, but we should always talk to God first before we talk to anyone else. He…
RT @RealTalkKim: The Devil Wants You To Worry About what's Next Instead Of Enjoying The Now. The Devil Is A Liar!!!
JESUS died for you in Public, so Don’t just Worship Him in Private...
RT @david_thedivine: I pray that you experience all of the amazing blessings God has waiting for you this week.
RT @JoelOsteen: You have to release the miracle. When you say, “I am free,” in the unseen realm, chains are broken, strongholds are loosed.…
RT @Pontifex: If we practice seeing with the eyes of Jesus, we will always be able to recognize those who need our help.
RT @VictoriaOsteen: Scripture says that when we are generous, God will increase us. When we give to Him what we have in our hands, He will…
RT @inspiremelounge: Jesus looked at them and said, “With man this is impossible, but with God all things are possible.”	Matthew 19:26
RT @SkyNews: State of emergency declared as dozens of polar bears invade Russian region https://t.co/t4PRewV5bt
RT @_TheBibleSays_: But the man who is firm in his commitment, and is under no necessity but has control over his will, and has decided i..…
RT @AmazingiGrace: Sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together.
RT @FaithReeI: Let go of the disappointments and setbacks in your life and hang on to the promises of God for your future.
RT @_LoveLike_JESUS: .	JESUS	More than a Story	More than part of History	He’s the air I Breathe	He’s the water I Thirst	He’s the bread I Ea…
RT @david_thedivine: May you receive what you’ve been praying for !!!
RT @inspiremelounge: Jesus said, “The thief comes only to steal, kill and destroy but I’ve come that you might have life and have it to the…
RT @VictoriaOsteen: I heard this the other day: “Is your prayer life your steering wheel or your spare tire?” Is your prayer life driving y…
RT @LivPsy: Life becomes more meaningful when you realize the simple fact that you'll never get the same moment twice.
RT @LivPsy: Happiness doesn't result from what we get, but from what we give.
RT @LivPsy: The greatest mistake we make is living in constant fear that we will make one.
RT @LivPsy: A person who sleeps too much, sits too much and isn’t physically active enough is more than 4 times as likely to die early.
RT @LivPsy: A study found that two hours of silence per day prompts cell development in the hippocampus region of the brain, where memories…
RT @LivPsy: Psychology says, friendship is not about who you spend the most time with, it’s about who you have the best time with.
RT @david_thedivine: Stop putting your life &amp; heart on hold for anyone who doesn't realize that.
RT @_LoveLike_JESUS: .	GOD moves the Earth	GOD holds the Stars	Come move in Us	Come hold our Hearts	You sent the Rain	     and Life Began	“…
RT @RealTalkKim: Single Ladies, if you run after God like you run after a man, He will send you a man you won't have to run after. 	#single
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Do not get discouraged by trouble and difficulty. It will not defeat you, it will not hinder you. Matter of fact, it is…
RT @StephanSpeaks: Man will want you, but few will invest in you.
RT @JoelOsteen: People didn’t lay out your plan and purpose. When you come to the end of life, you’re not going to answer to people. You’re…
RT @inspiremelounge: No matter what your season may be, remember that God is at work in your life. He is weaving a beautiful tapestry; it's…
RT @RealTalkKim: If you dislike someone, dislike them alone. Don't recruit others to join your cause.
RT @JesusGraces: God is Good
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Here are 4 tips to becoming a person of great faith with a great dream pursuing a great purpose. 	1. Remember how God h…
RT @JoelOsteen: You may have had some bad breaks, but God is not finished with you. The enemy doesn’t have the last word. God does. Are you…
RT @StephanSpeaks: Some people aren’t ready for what you have to offer.
RT @VictoriaOsteen: We all have the power of influence. God has called you to be an encourager and an example. Embrace your purpose each da…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: The wisest choice you can make in life is what you do with Jesus Christ. Are you hopeless? He is our Hope. Are you lost?…
RT @ArmorOGod: Your word is a lamp to my feet and a light to my path. -Psalm 119:105
RT @LivPsy: Spread kindness in any way possible. Remember it's a form of charity. Whatever you do will come back to you in some way, someho…
RT @Godly_Life: Don't give up on the people you love. Your patient love and faithfulness may be exactly what they need to make a complete t…
RT @RevLDReed: Time of reckoning, Don't make excuses when called to account for your actions, Don't blame others for what you did, Don't po…
You have to get your mind going in a new direction because dwelling on negative thoughts will keep you from becoming all God has for you.
Hate is not the first enemy of love. Fear is. It destroys your ability to trust.
RT @getulla: (1 John Chap. 1)	----------	9 If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from a…
RT @LivPsy: The foundation of a healthy relationship: Trust and communication.
RT @JoelOsteen: You are fully loaded. You’re not lacking. You’re not at a deficit. You are full of potential, full of favor, full of ideas.…
God cares about everything that concerns you, so feel free to talk to Him about anything.
RT @mylovliving: I love to smile 🙂, how about you?
RT @LivPsy: If you can't change a situation, change your perception of it. That's where your personal power is. Either be in control, or be…
Love is about giving. When they are only taking, you’re with the wrong person...
Father GOD, Remind us Everyday that When we are Weak, it’s Ok because We were never Made to be in Control, Anyways Help us to Choose "SURRENDER". In Jesus Name. Amen.
RT @LivPsy: If someone really wants to see you, they'll find a reason, they'll find a way, and they'll make the effort.
Stop exaggerating your place in some people's life...
If you dislike someone, dislike them alone. Don't recruit others to join your cause.
Rejection is God's protection! You never know what disaster God protected you from by that rejection!
They hate you because it’s too painful to love you after they have lost you.
RT @VictoriaOsteen: Not only do we need to declare God’s goodness through our words, we need to declare His goodness by our actions. Knowin…
RT @david_thedivine: Whoever see this post I pray something good happens to you today🌻
RT @can2009: It's amazing how God will provide for us when we are determined to carry out his work!
RT @mylovliving: Begin your success by loving yourself.
RT @AmazingiGrace: You may have weaknesses, but God has strength. You may have sin, but God has grace. You may fail, but God remains faithf…
RT @WomenOfHistory: You aren't wealthy until you have something money can't buy.
RT @l_Love_Sports: Never give up! Failure and rejection are only the first step to succeeding. -Jim Valvano
I don't care if you are following me, follow Him.
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Change has to take place on the inside before it will take place on the outside. Start living like you are commanded to…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: As a Christian, even when the present signs tend to suggest that there is no hope, when Jesus is supporting your positio…
RT @DrAndrewFarley: Child of God, God is not looking at Jesus instead of you. He can clearly look at you and be pleased with who you are be…
RT @david_thedivine: See the invisible. See things before they manifest.
RT @david_thedivine: Don't sit around waiting for an opportunity. Pray and ask God to Create yours.
The mercy of God is greater than any failure or mistake you have ever made.
Heavenly Father, please strengthen those who are tired of "holding on" and those that feel forgotten. Send them a sign that You are there, &amp; renew their hope. In Jesus' Name, Amen!
Be strong enough to walk away from what isn’t best for you, and be patient enough to wait for the blessings you deserve.
RT @JoelOsteen: The enemy would love to keep your dream buried and convince you that it’s never going to happen; it’s too late. Don’t belie…
God didn't promise a life without pain, struggles, and hardships. He promise to give you the strength to get through them.
RT @LivPsy: The best boyfriend isn't the best-looking, the funniest, or the richest. It's the one that makes sure you know he loves you.
RT @david_thedivine: Stay In Faith. What’s coming is so massive, big, mind blowing, enormous!!
RT @Pontifex: God is with those who seek peace. From heaven He blesses every step which, on this path, is accomplished on earth. #UAE #Apos…
RT @LivPsy: Always pray to have eyes that see the best, a heart that forgives the worst, a mind that forgets the bad, and a soul that never…
RT @can2009: If you know the Devil is a liar and he's been lying to you - why get upset about it?  Tell him to go to Hell.  That's his addr…
RT @david_thedivine: But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus.		Philippians 4:19 KJV
RT @livingforjc: God is a Spirit, and they that worship Him must worship Him in spirit and in truth. 		John 4:24✨
RT @IIIDeaton: Fascinating that we live in the age that Twitter is the largest non-denominational gathering of Christians in the entire his…
When you Pray, Don't give GOD instructions Just Report for Duty...
RT @VictoriaOsteen: Perfect love casts out all fear (I Jn 4:18). His love sets you free from fear and insecurity. His love grounds you and…
RT @Sports_HQ: Happy moments:  Praise God.	Difficult moments:  Seek God.	Quiet moments:  Worship God.	Difficult moments:  Trust God.	Every…
RT @_LoveLike_JESUS: .	     “Always Remember”		  THE THINGS YOU TAKE	           FOR GRANTED	       SOMEONE ELSE IS	           PRAYING FOR…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Our enemies may try to strip us of outward prestige and beauty but the wisdom and grace of God cannot be taken from us.…
RT @LivPsy: People are more happy when kept busy because keeping the mind occupied reduces &amp; prevents you from over thinking things.
RT @lnspireMeNow: Do not listen with the intent to reply, but with the intent to understand. #wisdom
RT @inspiremelounge: “Repent &amp; be baptized, every one of you, in the name of Jesus Christ for the forgiveness of your sins. And you will re…
RT @JoelOsteen: Your race has been designed specifically for you. You’re not in competition with your friends, your neighbors, your sibling…
RT @VictoriaOsteen: You may be facing something today that seems bigger than you, but don’t look at all the reasons you “can’t.” Instead, s…
Apologizing doesn't always mean you're wrong and the other person is right. It means you value your relationship more than your ego.
Apologizing doesn't always mean you're wrong and the other person is right. It means you value your relationship more than your ego...
RT @RevLDReed: You so bitter because your heart is so broken. Jesus in the healing, saving, delivering business. Bring the hurt, anger, con…
God knows where to place you before you even know how to move...
When fear comes knocking at your door, you must answer it with faith. Nothing else is effective against it.
RT @inspiremelounge: And everyone who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved.’	Acts 2:21
RT @LivPsy: When you let the right people come into your life, good things start to happen.
Forgiving your enemies doesn't help them; it helps you.
RT @inspiremelounge: You have made known to me the paths of life; you will fill me with joy in your presence.	Acts 2:28
RT @Musa55453386: https://t.co/RaNlta1wP2
RT @can2009: Salvation is only the beginning of the journey. Growing to be more like #Jesus is the continuation of the process.
RT @inspiremelounge: David said about him: “ ‘I saw the Lord always before me. Because he is at my right hand, I will not be shaken.	Acts 2…
RT @LivPsy: Don't be afraid to make mistakes, just be afraid of not learning from them.
God’s sovereignty compels us to bow in reverence to Him...
RT @_LoveLike_JESUS: .	No Guilt in Life	No Fear of Death	This is the Power	     of Christ in Me	from My Life's First Cry	to My Final Breath…
Don't forget to pray today, because God didn't forget to wake you up this morning.
RT @LivPsy: A study found that two hours of silence per day prompts cell development in the hippocampus region of the brain, where memories…
Want to find happiness in your life? Appreciate the small stuff. You are blessed more than you realize.
RT @inspiremelounge: Money does not and will never buy true happiness.
RT @LivPsy: Waiting is linked to depression. Time spent waiting for something that may never happen can be mentally painful.
JESUS, No Matter what People Do, My Heart Belongs to You. "I'm Free", The Hand that Holds the World, has Set me Free. He has Broken every Chain on Me. Hallelujah!!!
A person needs just three things to be truly happy in the world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.
RT @LivPsy: Once you've accepted your flaws, no one can ever use them against you.
J E S U S I S M Y S A V I O U R.
RT @can2009: If you are being pushed - don't complain - God is opening a new way for you. I say a door is opening!
Train yourself to move from problem mode to prayer mode, ask the Holy Spirit to Guide you and Help you and Comfort and Encourage you, in whom He Dwells. Romans 8:26, 1 Corinthians 6:19
RT @_LoveLike_JESUS: .	GOD creates	GOD loves	GOD helps	GOD heals	GOD hears	GOD saves	GOD speaks	GOD blesses	GOD teaches	GOD watches	GOD ans…
God's already written every page of your life in His book. Don't get stuck on a page. Don't let a season of your life define your lifetime!
The devil had a plot but GOD has a PLAN!!! Hold on!!! It not over!!!
I’M NOT ASHAMED, TO SAY THAT I NEED JESUS “EVERYDAY"...
RT @david_thedivine: Don't lose your faith in God, always trust him, even in the lows.
RT @VictoriaOsteen: Don't wait for holidays and birthdays to show people that you care. Invest in those you love each and every day because…
RT @JoelOsteen: You can do the right thing with the wrong attitude and miss your blessing. God is not looking just at what you do; He’s loo…
RT @GuardianNigeria: #Cartoon: Pray votes count 🤔 https://t.co/6CBAiA73JY
The Bible says, “And do not be conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind, that you may prove what is that good and acceptable and perfect will of God.” (Romans 12:2)
My hope is in Jesus because He even brings good from the storms.
RT @david_thedivine: The Lord says, I will give you back what you lost..		Joel 2:25
RT @inspiremelounge: Surely God is my salvation; I will trust and not be afraid. The Lord , the Lord himself, is my strength and my defense…
RT @LivPsy: If someone really wants to see you, they'll find a reason, they'll find a way, and they'll make the effort.
Don't let your "What if" waste your "What IS"...
You have been appointed for greatness. Go out there and do exploits in Jesus Name...
RT @ArmorOGod: Faith does not mean trusting God to stop the storm, but trusting him to strengthen us as we walk through the storm.
RT @trustinthelordd: God will help you overcome wrong motives and intentions if you'll simply ask and receive help rather than trying to do…
RT @IIIDeaton: It is Satan who will suggest we fight the pruning and refining God is performing in us because he knows it will be used agai…
RT @david_thedivine: No one is stronger than the one who depends on God.
RT @inspiremelounge: Above all, love each other deeply, because love covers over a multitude of sins.	1 Peter 4:8
I have fought the good fight, I have finished the race, I have kept the faith.	2 Timothy 4:7
The most beautiful thing is to see the person you love smiling... And even more beautiful knowing that you're the reason behind it.
I love people who make me smile.
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Do not give up! Keep praying! I know you have been waiting but be strong and courageous in the Lord!  No matter what si…
God, I trust you with all of my heart. Wherever you want me to go, I will go. Even if it's not where I planned. Lead me &amp; I will follow...
RT @david_thedivine: You should not have to force or drain yourself to get the attention of others. If you being you isn't enough, then the…
RT @RealTalkKim: Worrying doesn't change anything.... PRAYER DOES!!!
RT @StephanSpeaks: They were never going to change. You did the right thing.
RT @LivPsy: Don’t broadcast every high and low of your life. Just live. Don’t try to convince the world you have a life.
I'M GOING TO TWITTER “GOD'S AMAZING LOVE” UNTIL THE WHOLE WORLD HEARS...
RT @inspiremelounge: This is how we know what love is: Jesus Christ laid down his life for us. And we ought to lay down our lives for our b…
Stop Walking Away From What God Gave You Because You Don't Know HOW To Manage It...
RT @FaithReeI: Whatever God calls you to do He equips you to do as well.
RT @Pontifex: Meekness and tenderness: these human virtues seem small, but they can overcome the most difficult conflicts.
RT @LivPsy: Have you ever just stopped and realized that if you hadn’t met a certain person in your life, your life would be completely dif…
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Stand firm in your faith today! When things get overwhelming, our hope tends to fade, and we begin losing sight of our…
Our Days Are Fulfilled When We Give People A Bit Of Our Heart Rather Than A Piece Of Our Mind...
Have you ever just stopped and realized that if you hadn’t met a certain person in your life, your life would be completely different.
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Advice: Read the Bible as often as possible. Keep meditating on it until it becomes a reality to you. You may not unders…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: The Holy Spirit is a Communicator and our heart is the contact point – the communication point. He cannot share with a h…
It's time for you to start loving yourself more...
RT @inspiremelounge: for he guards the course of the just and protects the way of his faithful ones.	Proverbs 2:8
Give God your problems and allow Him to give you solutions.
It's Better to Have “GOD Approve" then the World Applaud...
Satan isn’t going to attack you when you’re living in sin. He’s going to attack you when you’ve surrendered your life to Christ and are being obedient to God and His word.
RT @JoelOsteen: You’re never wasting time serving others. It’s a part of God’s plan. You can not reach your destiny without being faithful…
RT @LivPsy: Music is so influential on the brain that the type you listen to actually has the ability to change the way you think and look…
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: No matter what the Lord is calling you to today, GO in faith! He is for you, He is with you, and He will help you do wh…
RT @inspiremelounge: Carry each other’s burdens, and in this way you will fulfill the law of Christ.	Galatians 6:2
What you set your mind on determines the direction of your life. Set your mind above and seek God’s goodness, grace and favor as you go about your day.
RT @david_thedivine: I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear.		 Martin Luther King, Jr.
Trust your coach. Trust your team. Trust in God.
Single and waiting is better than taken and faking.
RT @JoelOsteen: We all want to rise higher, accomplish dreams, overcome obstacles, but as long as we’re only focused on ourselves, we’ll ge…
God is arranging things in your favor!!
RT @inspiremelounge: Your word is a lamp for my feet, a light on my path.	Psalm 119:105
RT @VictoriaOsteen: The farmer sows a seed and then looks for the rain. We also need to look for the rain of God’s favor when we sow a seed…
ALL OF A SUDDEN THEY STOPPED TALKING TO YOU “DON’T TRIP”GOD SOMETIMES CUT OFF “AN INFECTION” TO KEEP IT FROM SPREADING..
RT @VictoriaOsteen: God never sleeps nor slumbers. He’s always watching over you, and He’s always available to you. Call on Him, even in th…
You see worthless, GOD sees priceless, You see pain, but GOD sees a purpose, You see unworthy, undeserving, but GOD sees you thru "Eyes of Mercy". Hallelujah!!!
Amazing grace. 	How sweet the sound.  	That saved a wretch like me. 	I once was lost, but now I'm found. 	Was blind, but now I see. 	My chains are gone. 	I’ve been set free. 	My God, my Savior has ransomed me. 	And like a flood His mercy reigns. 	Unending love, amazing grace.
RT @godonly: God’s Way is perfect. All the LORD’s promises prove true. He is a shield for all who look to Him for protection.		2 Samuel 22:…
RT @IIIDeaton: " Let integrity and uprightness preserve me; for I wait on thee." Psalms 25:21
RT @have_falth: The things we think about, focus on, and surround ourselves with will shape who we become.
RT @can2009: It's time to "Be Bold" in the name of the Lord!
It's time to "Be Bold" in the name of the Lord!!!
JESUS, You are the Only One, Who can right Every Wrong Who can calm Every Storm “You alone are my” Savior Healer Author Finisher Messiah Deliverer Comforter Counselor Redeemer SON of the Father Divine Truth Revealer. Hallelujah!!!
RT @inspiremelounge: So do not fear, for I am with you; do not be dismayed, for I am your God. I will strengthen you and help you; I will u…
RT @livingforjc: God will teach you to depend on Him and His supernatural power. Because whether you want to believe it or not, your power…
RT @LivPsy: Stop thinking—about what you are going to say next while someone else is still speaking. Notice your breath. Hear them out, ope…
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: When we put our trust in the Lord we do not have to hope things will work out because they have no choice but to work o…
RT @momwhopray: Never lose faith. God loves you too much to let you down.
RT @VictoriaOsteen: The greatest way to show your gratitude to God is by walking and living in His blessings. Receive what He’s given you,…
RT @inspiremelounge: God is at work. Know that His plan is in motion and you are in His sight. He has not forgotten about you, and nothing…
RT @JoelOsteen: When you turn it over to God and trust Him to be your vindicator, trust Him to work out His plan for your life, then you’ll…
RT @LivPsy: When wealth is lost, nothing is lost; when health is lost, something is lost; when character is lost, all is lost. -- Billy Gra…
RT @inspiremelounge: God's plan for us is better than our own.
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Though you may not understand or perceive it, God has made a way for you, so move forward with courage and confidence,…
RT @david_thedivine: Get still long enough to remind yourself of who God is!
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: This year, every day, speak victory out of your mouth until you have the victory in your life.
RT @inspiremelounge: So God created mankind in his own image, in the image of God he created them; male and female he created them.	Genesis…
RT @david_thedivine: Sometimes you just gotta stop and say God, thank you.
RT @Inspowerco: Every struggle you had in your life shaped you into the person you are today. Be thankful for the hard times they can only…
RT @_LoveLike_JESUS: .	       “LOVE"		Bears all things	Hopes all things	Shares all things	Honors all things	Defends all things	Believes all…
RT @david_thedivine: Start seeing yourself getting stronger, healthier and living a full, blessed life.
God, You know everything I am and everything I’m not. Make me, mold me, change me where I need to be changed. Help me to become who You’ve created me to be.”
RT @Pontifex: Friends, Jesus teaches us to believe. Seek out and listen to the voices that encourage you to look ahead, not those that pull…
RT @RealTalkKim: Stop allowing those who contribute so little to your life control so much of it.
RT @inspiremelounge: It is very encouraging to know that God is for us, He is on our side, and He loves us. Through it all, no matter how w…
RT @JoelOsteen: Look around at who’s in your life. They’re not there by accident. They need what you have: encouragement and affirmation. D…
RT @VictoriaOsteen: Have you been praying and waiting for something for a long time? There’s always an appointed time with God, and when so…
RT @inspiremelounge: When we face difficult times, we must not rely on human understanding or take the easy way out; we must seek God for H…
RT @StephanSpeaks: God is bigger than whatever is stressing you out.
RT @LivPsy: The brain naturally craves 4 things: Food, Sex, Water and Sleep.
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: We should not only know God as our Sovereign Lord; we should know Him as children know their Father.
The only thing we will take with us to Heaven is the evidence of our faith.
I don’t want the world to define God for me. I want the Holy Spirit to reveal God to me.
RT @david_thedivine: All you Need is God, who will then supply all your Needs.
RT @LivPsy: You don't need everyone to like you. You'll be much happier if you stop trying.
You are the woman someone is praying for.
RT @david_thedivine: God puts people in your life for a reason and removes them from your life for a better reason.
Stop giving CPR to dead situations!
RT @StokedDaily: If someone sticks by your side through your worst times, they're the ones who deserve to be with you through your best tim…
I can do all things in Christ who strengthens me. -Phil 4:13
The Bible says love is a command (2 John 1:6).	The Bible says love is a choice (1 Corinthians 14:1).	The Bible says love is a conduct (1 John 3:18).	The Bible says love is a commitment (1 John 4:16).	Love bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things
JESUS is More than a Story More than part of History He’s the air that I Breathe The water I Thirst The bread I Eat "He's Everything to Me". Hallelujah!!!
RT @JoelOsteen: Keep your heart pure. Life is too short to live offended, not forgiving, bitter over what didn’t work out. Quit letting wha…
RT @david_thedivine: Accept the fact that you cannot control everything.
RT @VictoriaOsteen: If you feel tired or weary today, God wants to pour out His strength, grace and joy on you. Call on Him and let Him ref…
RT @StokedDaily: Do what makes you happy, be with who makes you smile, laugh as much as you breathe, and love as long as you live.
RT @ArmorOGod: I believe in the sun even if it isn't shining.  I believe in love even when I am alone.  I believe in God even when He is si…
RT @Inspire_Us: Love people for who they are instead of judging them for who they are not.
RT @LivPsy: A good relationship is with someone who knows all your insecurities and imperfections but still loves you for who you are.
RT @StokedDaily: 4 Simple rules:		1. Sleep.	Proper rest allows your body to reset. Sleep well and wake up early.		2. Self education is key.…
RT @Godly_Life: Worrying is wasting energy on the things you can't control. Leave everything in God's hand. Think less, pray more.
RT @LivPsy: There comes a time when you have to stop crossing oceans for people who wouldn't even jump puddles for you.
RT @JoelOsteen: We may not like the cutbacks, but God is the gardener. He’s not going to cut something back without giving you more in retu…
The peace of God, which transcends all understanding, will guard your hearts &amp; your minds in Christ Jesus. -Phil 4:7
RT @_LoveLike_JESUS: .	Who am I	   that the Highest King	Would welcome me?	I was Lost,	   but HE brought me in	Oh HIS Love for me	Who the S…
RT @StokedDaily: Beautiful things happen when you distance yourself from negativity.
RT @inspiremelounge: Finally, brothers and sisters, whatever is true, whatever is noble, whatever is right, whatever is pure, whatever is l…
And just like that, love came down from heaven and rescued me.
RT @LivPsy: Don't let anyone tell you there's something you can't do. If you have a dream, protect it. If you want something, go get it.
RT @StokedDaily: S - See your goal	U - Understand the obstacles	C - Create a positive mental picture	C - Clear your mind of self-doubt	E -…
RT @IIIDeaton: " A new heart also will I give you, and a new spirit will I put within you: and I will take away the stony heart out of your…
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Please be wise! Sometimes, fear disguises itself as the need to be somewhere else, doing something else, or not needing…
RT @LivPsy: Pretending you don’t have feelings of anger, sadness, or loneliness can literally destroy you mentally.
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: If God wanted you to be somebody else, you would not exist. But God wanted you! He made you to be you. We know as belie…
RT @IIIDeaton: I was not a prodigal, I was a Christian fraud and for decades .  I didn't have a relationship with Jesus Christ at all.  I h…
RT @StokedDaily: Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you'll ever regret.
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Sometimes the reason God is not changing your circumstances is because He is using the circumstances to change you. God…
RT @LivPsy: When you smile, it releases endorphins (which make you feel better) even if you fake a smile.
RT @david_thedivine: Despite your past, God wants to use you!
Be picky with who you invest your time in. Wasted time is worse than wasted money.
RT @RealTalkKim: When God chooses to use His power to resurrect a "thing", it doesn't matter how long it has been dead or not working, it w…
When God chooses to use His power to resurrect a "thing", it doesn't matter how long it has been dead or not working, it will thrive again!
Speak God’s promises over your life because you frame your world with your words.
RT @JoelOsteen: Trouble prepares you for the next level. Trouble develops something in you that you can’t get when it’s easy and everything…
RT @david_thedivine: You won't go very far without having people in your corner who believe in you.
Self love is extremely important.
You make time for people who are "TOO BUSY" for you. You're too caring to people who are careless when it comes to you. LET THOSE PEOPLE GO!
RT @JoelOsteen: It may not make sense to you; it may be uncomfortable. You may feel like you’re going the wrong direction, but you don’t kn…
JESUS died for you in Public, so Don’t just Worship Him in Private!!!
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Breathe. Think of solutions. Do not let worry control you. Do not let stress break you. Simply breathe. It will be okay…
If God is making you wait then be prepared to receive more than you asked for.
RT @StephanSpeaks: Be patient and prepare yourself for the great relationship that you deserve.
TRUST THIS.... 	When God says it's your time, no one can stop it!!
You have to get your mind going in a new direction because dwelling on negative thoughts will keep you from becoming all God has for you.
RT @JoelOsteen: Just as there are seasons of growth, there are seasons of pruning. Without pruning, we won’t become all we're created to be…
RT @inspiremelounge: And we know that in all things God works for the good of those who love him, who have been called according to his pur…
RT @RealTalkKim: I can see doors bursting wide open for you!!!
Keep your head up, stay focused, and stay positive. Better is coming...
RT @david_thedivine: Someone once said 		Whenever the grass is greener, the water bill is higher! 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Pray more, worry less.
RT @moms_pray: God loves us. We must not be afraid to love him. -Pope Francis
RT @JoelOsteen: The process may be uncomfortable, but the purpose is worth it. If you could see where God is going to take you, the favor,…
Your New Season Has Now Become Your Due Season!
Your toughest lessons can push you towards your greatest blessings.
Jesus I admit I am surprised where I am in life and at times it feels like there is more trials and tribulations than I had without You BUT truth is, I"ll just trust Your plan anyway. I"ll tell the devil that I won't quit nor give up but I will PRESS ON in the POWER of Jesus Amen
Father, Thank You for the power and the strength to believe in Jesus. Thank You for the confidence to believe that You will never leave nor forsake us. Thank You for our helper, guide and great comforter the Holy Spirit! Thank You for Your GRACE, GOODNESS and LOVE, Forever, Amen.
Don't give up on the things God has placed in your heart. Keep pushing &amp; praying he will direct you.
RT @LovelyErica_Ric: G	O	D		W	I	L	L		N	O	T		F	A	I	L		Y	O	U
RT @SportsReset: You'll never accomplish anything if you don't believe that you can do it.
RT @can2009: We got to learn how to do things God's way and not our way.
Excuses are for people who don't want it bad enough.
Many things God asks us to do are not fair. It’s not about being fair; it’s about passing the test. If you’ll do the right thing when it’s hard, God will make it up to you.
Don't be so QUICK to tell somebody ELSE to get OVER something that YOU'VE never been THROUGH" Have Compassion and PRAY for Them!
Each person we see or meet has his own world, his own problems, his own dreams, and his own idea about life and what he should do in it. So, never assume that he or she is the same as you.
God will never lead you wrong.
If it wasn't hard, everyone would do it. It's the hard that makes it great.
Always have a plan, and believe in it. Nothing happens by accident.
Be willing to listen to others and be teachable. You're not right about everything…nobody is.
RT @VictoriaOsteen: When we give our best to other people, we are giving our best to God. He sees, and He will multiply the seeds you’ve so…
f at first you don't succeed, dust yourself off and try again.
Anyone who does not do what is right is not a child of God; nor is anyone who does not love his brother. -1John 3:10
Just because you can, doesn't mean you should.
Follow God's lead. He will never direct you wrong.
No power on Earth can stop God's plan this year for your life, when you remain under His will. You have plans for this year, the Lord has plans for you as well this year. It doesn't mean He doesnt want you to achieve your plans, it's just that His is better than yours. Believe me
Never say "That won't happen to me." life has a funny way of proving us wrong.
The tragedy in life doesn't lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies in having no goal to reach. - Benjamin Mays
Success isn't given. IT'S EARNED.
Find someone who will change your life, not just your status.
Don't lie to people that trust you, and don't trust people that lie to you.
Jesus died for you. Will you live for Him?
It's easy to quit—it takes faith to go through.
RT @LivPsy: Breathe		Start fresh		Clear your mind		Change your habits		Upgrade your vision		Make room for new energy
Sometimes GOD  Let's you hit Rock Bottom,  so that you will discover HE is the ROCK at the Bottom. Hallelujah!!!
RT @inspiremelounge: Seek the Lord while he may be found; call on him while he is near.  Let the wicked forsake their ways and the unrighte…
If you pray for it then prepare for it.
Misery loves company. Don’t find five depressed friends and sit around and talk about how bad life is. Find some friends that are happy, energetic, positive. You need to be around people that are fun, people that laugh, people that brighten your day.
RT @Pontifex: Let us look at our hands, often so empty of love, and today let us try to think of some gift we can offer freely.
RT @inspiremelounge: In order to be led by Christ, we must first and foremost follow Christ and not focus on what others are doing.
The Spirit of the Lord is upon me because He has anointed me to proclaim good news to the poor. He has sent me to proclaim freedom for the prisoners and recovery of sight for the blind, to set the oppressed free, to proclaim the year of the Lord’s favor.  Luke 4:18-19
RT @Inspire_Us: Bad things happen:	- Every day.	- To everyone.	The difference is in how people deal with it.
RT @LivPsy: Almost every successful person begins with two beliefs: the future can be better than the present and I have the power to make…
Respect the warning signs. God is trying to protect you from heartache.
RT @inspiremelounge: It is too easy to complain about the pile of dishes and mess in the house. Instead, be thankful for food to eat and ha…
RT @StokedDaily: Things you should NEVER apologize for:		• Crying	• Depression/Anxiety	• How you feel	• Needing/asking for help	• Expressin…
Jesus never adjusted His message according to who He was talking to.	Why should we?
God is placing great opportunities in your life...pause and appreciate them.
What does “BIBLE”	   stand for ???		    B - Blessed	    I  -  Information	    B - Bringing	    L - Life	    E - Eternal
RT @LivPsy: The quieter you become, the more you are able to hear.
RT @StokedDaily: A good life is when you smile often, dream big, laugh a lot and realize how blessed you are for what you have.
RT @JoelOsteen: You have to take control of your thought life. That’s where the battle is taking place. Thoughts will tell you, “You’re a v…
RT @VictoriaOsteen: We all have opportunities to be offended. Don’t fall for the trap. Instead, rise above offense just like the eagle. Get…
RT @inspiremelounge: Integrity means choosing what God says is right, even when no one is looking, and even when the choice isn’t easy.
RT @david_thedivine: Dear Lord direct my steps, go before me!
Don’t give up just because it’s taking longer than you think!
RT @VictoriaOsteen: In today’s world, we have so many conveniences at our fingertips. We have to remember that it takes patience and persev…
RT @inspiremelounge: Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness,  for they will be filled.	Matthew 5:6
RT @JoelOsteen: Don’t wait for thoughts of hope and faith to come; think them on purpose. If you’ll fill your mind with the right thoughts,…
Sometimes you just need to distance yourself from people. If they care, they'll notice. If they don't, you know where you stand with them.
Without a purpose, life is motion without sense, movement without direction and events without reason. God gave you a purpose.
If you have faith when you pray, you will be given whatever you ask for. -Matthew 21:22
I have known several people who could neither read nor write but were so connected to the Holy Spirit ,they had Godly wisdom that no scholar could ever match .  These are the saints I want to learn from .
RT @IIIDeaton: I have known several people who could neither read nor write but were so connected to the Holy Spirit ,they had Godly wisdom…
RT @StokedDaily: A good relationship doesn't need any promises, terms or conditions, just two people who can trust and understand.
You are not what you have done - you are what you have overcome.
for he guards the course of the just and protects the way of his faithful ones.	Proverbs 2:8
RT @inspiremelounge: for he guards the course of the just and protects the way of his faithful ones.	Proverbs 2:8
The downside of being shy is that people misjudge you as thinking you're better than others just because you're quiet.
RT @LivPsy: The past is over, learn from it. The future is coming, prepare for it. The present is here, enjoy it.
RT @inspiremelounge: Better the poor whose walk is blameless than the rich whose ways are perverse.	Proverbs 28:6
Don't force it. If it's real, it will happen.
RT @inspiremelounge: Be intentional about striving for God’s truth and wisdom.
I love those who love me, &amp; those who seek me find me. -Prov 8:17
Big things happen once you begin making little things important...
Jesus Christ paid the ultimate price, of dying for our sins, so that we might gain the ultimate prize, of a relationship with Him.
Pray &amp; let God worry!
The first step in prayer is to be humble, go to the Father and say: “Look at me, I am a sinner.” And the Lord listens.
But as He who called you is holy, you also be holy in all your conduct, because it is written, 	“Be holy, for I am holy.”		1 Peter 1:15-16
RT @Inspire_Us: Know when to cry, know when to laugh, know when to be silent. - Mark Crow
RT @IIIDeaton: Hope it's not sinful to envy Enoch.		Man, this world is get'n tough to look at !
I will bless the Lord who guides me; even at night my heart instructs me.	Psalms 16:7
Believe in yourself even when no one else does. If someone tells you that you can't do it, prove them wrong.
RT @_LoveLike_JESUS: .	JESUS	—Thank You for dying on	The Cross for my sins	—I confess &amp; repent	of my sins	—I open up the door of my	Life an…
Always pray to have eyes that see the best, a heart that forgives the worst, a mind that forgets the bad, and a soul that never loses faith.
There isn't a mess you've made that God can't make into something beautiful. #Fact
RT @Inspowerco: God, please give us the courage to accept things for what they are, but to never lose hope that things will always get bett…
RT @LivPsy: People who practice mindfulness meditation for 30 minutes a day find noticeable changes in brain connectivity in just two weeks.
You, therefore, have no excuse, you who pass judgment on someone else, for at whatever point you judge another, you are condemning yourself, because you who pass judgment do the same things. Romans 2:1
RT @StokedDaily: Be positive, stay happy, and don't let the negativity of the world get you down.
RT @inspiremelounge: You don't have to do it all, my friend. God doesn't expect you to be perfect. That's why He sent Jesus to save us—He k…
You can't put a crown on a clown and expect a king
Even if you have made a mistake, even if you are hurting and in need, God loves you and wants to help you. So run to Him today and pursue His presence. He is waiting with open arms to embrace you and tell you how proud He is of you.
In the Bible there is NO	   Black or White Church,	                  JESUS	Did Not come to Save Skins	                     but	 HE did come to Save Souls
God cares about everything that concerns you, so feel free to talk to Him about anything.
RT @StokedDaily: Never let anything stop you from reaching your dreams.
RT @LivPsy: Psychology says, no matter how angry you get, you always end up forgiving the people you love.
RT @Godly_Life: I believe in the sun even if it isn't shining.  I believe in love even when I am alone.  I believe in God even when He is s…
If they're not a person you can talk to, then they're not a person you should be in a relationship with.
RT @LivPsy: It’s better to know and be disappointed, than to never know and always wonder.
Never underestimate the power of a prayer. One SMALL prayer can change your life in a BIG way.
Sometimes a breakup is just a blessing in disguise.
Dear lord...	Help those whose pillows are soaked with tears. Send your spirit to comfort them &amp; minister them back to life. “Be still, and know that I am God...”	(Psalm 46:10, NIV)
RT @david_thedivine: Thank you lord for allowing me and others to see another day🌻
RT @JoelOsteen: God sees what’s happening. He knows what wasn’t fair. He knows who walked away. And He knows how to make it up to you. He k…
Be grateful for those bullets dodged with things you wanted that didn't work out. He's a good good Father! Thankful that He protects us from things we want, but isn't good for us!!
You have to be good to you first.
RT @inspiremelounge: You aren't alone. You don't have to get through this struggle all by yourself. Jesus is with you.
God has never stopped being good, we've just stop being grateful.
RT @david_thedivine: He heals the brokenhearted and binds up their wounds		Psalm 147:3
Don’t broadcast every high and low of your life. Just live. Don’t try to convince the world you have a life.
Sometimes God closes doors because it is time to MOVE forward. He knows you will not move unless your circumstances force you.
I don't regret my past. I regret the time I wasted on the wrong people.
RT @inspiremelounge: 👇👇👇👇👇		in all your ways submit to him, and he will make your paths straight.	Proverbs 3:6
Faith does not mean trusting God to stop the storm, but trusting him to strengthen us as we walk through the storm.
Disagreement is acceptable, disrespect is not.
RT @JoelOsteen: Sometimes God will put a promise in your heart that’s hard to believe. Let the seed take root. The promise God put in you m…
Do not be afraid to weep when you encounter difficult situations: tears are drops that irrigate life. Tears of compassion purify hearts and feelings.
God has a wonderful way of turning negatives into positives.
RT @LivPsy: When you truly believe in what you are doing, it shows. And it pays. Winners in life are those who are excited about where they…
RT @Godly_Life: There is a blessing hidden in every trial in life, but you have to be willing to open your heart to see them.
RT @livechristian1: Sleep well tonight knowing God is giving you a fresh start tomorrow. 🙌🏽
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: When you know who the Lord says you are, you won’t believe the lies of the enemy. This is why it is so important to get…
Don't make the choice to go back to where you came from. God has bigger plans for you.
Your words mean nothing when your actions are the complete opposite.
Those who move forward with a happy spirit will find that things always work out.
Life is too ironic. It takes sadness to know what happiness is, noise to appreciate silence, and absence to value presence.
I hope you see the wisdom in this: Reputation is what men and women think of us; character is what God know of us.
RT @Godly_Life: I'm a failure. He's my forgiver.	I'm a sinner. He's my savior.	I'm broken. He's my healer.	I'm His child. He's my God.
RT @ArmorOGod: If you want to give the devil a nervous breakdown, get up every day and be as happy as you can possibly be!
Cry as hard as you want to. But always make sure: when you stop crying, you'll never cry for the same reason again.
Some people are so afraid of loneliness they accept the devil as a mate, and then pretend to be happy.
RT @VictoriaOsteen: Attitudes determine actions. That’s why we have to be diligent to make sure we stay in an attitude of faith and expecta…
RT @JoelOsteen: People judge by the outside. They’ll try to write you off, but they don’t know what God put in you. They can’t see your see…
Their words can tell you one thing, but their actions can tell you so much more.
God says: 	I am restoring you as if it never happened!
Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. -1Corinthians 13:4
RT @ArmorOGod: Want to find happiness in your life? Appreciate the small stuff. You are blessed more than you realize.
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Like Abraham, you will believe; like Sarah, you will conceive; and like Moses you will rise from your isolation and exi…
RT @FaithReeI: God sees your pain. He will supply an opportunity. He will provide a way. Bigger and greater than before!
I will instruct you and teach you in the way you should go; I will counsel you with my loving eye on you. Psalm 32:8
RT @StephanSpeaks: When a man is walking in his purpose, there is only room for one woman to walk with him
RT @Pontifex: Love does not tolerate indifference; love is compassionate. Love means putting your heart on the line for others. #SantaMarta
RT @LivPsy: Marijuana is illegal but has never caused any deaths from usage, Cigarettes kills millions and they are legal and can be purcha…
RT @ArmorOGod: Satan is the curtain that attempts to separate us from God. Yank it down! Praise God!
God's love is not restricted to when you think you've performed well. He loves you even when you make mistakes and fail.
RT @Scripture_Truth: It is done unto you as you believe. -Matthew 9:29
RT @StokedDaily: Always put your fears behind you and your dreams in front of you.
RT @FaithReeI: Grace is God doing for us what we could never do and what we will never deserve.
When fear knocks on the door, answer with faith!
Life doesn't let you to go back and change things. All you can do is learn from the past, and prepare for what the future may bring.
RT @david_thedivine: Everyday God always got something better for you.
RT @MindBHealing: Surround yourself with: 		The inspired. 	The passionate. 	The motivated. 	The grateful. 	The open-minded. 	The honest. 	T…
RT @LivPsy: Psychology says, you realize you love someone when you want them to be happy, even if its not with you.
RT @Godly_Life: Never let people's negative thoughts about you hinder you from accomplishing what God put in your heart. Dare to dream and…
RT @Inspire_Us: If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to it. - Jonathan Winters
RT @StokedDaily: Never let your failures get to your heart and never let your success get to your head.
When others succeed, be happy for them! Their success should not provoke you to envy. Matter of fact, it should motivate and uplift you to succeed as well.
If you choose to ignore your purpose, you can't do anything other than abuse it - no matter how good your intentions may be.
RT @LivPsy: As we grow up, we realize it becomes less important to have a ton of friends, and more important to have real ones.
RT @Inspire_Us: Laugh your heart out, dance in the rain, cherish the moment, live, laugh, love, forgive &amp; forget, life's 2 short 2 be, livi…
RT @StokedDaily: Everything that has a beginning has an end, so forget the past, plan for the future, and enjoy the moment.
“THANK GOD"	     FOR WHAT YOU HAVE,	            “TRUST GOD"	     FOR WHAT YOU NEED
I'm not where I need to be, but thank God I'm not where I used to be.
All that I have seen teaches me to trust God for all I have not seen.
RT @LivPsy: Friendship isn't about who you've known the longest. It's about who walked into your life, said "I'm here for you" and proved i…
RT @StephanSpeaks: A man is great not because he hasn't failed; a man is great because failure hasn't stopped him
RT @VictoriaOsteen: Sometimes we can change our circumstances, and other times we can change the way we view our circumstances. If things s…
Don’t stress out. You will overcome this.
RT @JoelOsteen: When you honor God, when you stay on the high road and do the right thing, that will take you much further than being disho…
RT @WomanDoItAll: Give the world the best you have and the best will come back to you. - Madeline Bridges
RT @_TheBibleSays_: But when he again brings his firstborn into the world, he says, “Let all the angels of God worship him!”  Hebrews 1:6
RT @l_Love_Sports: We all have dreams. But in order 2 make dreams into reality, it takes an awful lot of determination, dedication, &amp; disci…
RT @can2009: Put the devil on notice - that you know God has already equipped us with the weapons we need to defeat him - in the name of Je…
RT @inspiremelounge: Plans fail for lack of counsel, but with many advisers they succeed.	Proverbs 15:22
RT @LivPsy: Great minds discuss ideas - small minds discuss people.
RT @SandiHKaye: “Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness: for they shall be filled.”	Matthew 5:6
RT @Inspire_Us: Discipline is just choosing between what you want now and what you want most.
RT @God_Loved: Consider it pure joy, whenever u face trials of many kinds, because u know that the testing of your faith develops persevera…
A good life is when you smile often , dream big , laugh a lot , and realize how blessed you are for what you have.
A complaining mouth reveals an ungrateful heart.
God is the source of All good things.
If we hate Satan, we have to hate all that he tempts us with. We cannot love worldly things over God.
RT @POSITIVEandUPL1: 1/6/19 		God's love is a banner over us.	There's nothing to fear.	He longs to draw us near.	He washes us with His Word…
If you want a child's mind to grow, you must first plant 🌱 a seed...
Always tell someone how you feel because opportunities are lost in the blink of an eye, but regret can last a lifetime.
True love is awesome, and you deserve to have that. Don't settle for anything less.
You can forget what hurt you in the past, just never forget what it taught you.
Never measure life by your possessions. Measure it by the hearts you touched, the smiles you created, and the love you shared.
Be honest about how you feel.
A person who chases two rabbits catches neither.
In life you will meet two kinds of people. Ones who build you up, and ones who tear you down. But in the end, you will thank them both.
RT @MindBHealing: If you made a mistake, apologize. If you are thankful, say it. If you are confused, ask questions. If you learn something…
RT @Sports_HQ: What makes something special is not just what you have to gain, but what you feel there is to lose. -Andre Agassi
See the life with your mind, and enjoy it with your heart.
RT @Inspire_Us: Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured. -Mark Tw…
RT @LivPsy: Learn to value yourself, which means: fight for your happiness.
God will wreck your plans when He sees that your plans are about to wreck you.
RT @ArmorOGod: A positive attitude gives you power over your circumstances instead of your circumstances having power over you.
Be humble in victory. Give God all the glory!
RT @WomenOfHistory: Life is very short, so forgive quickly, believe slowly, love truly, laugh loudly and always remember to thank God for i…
God is still writing your story... Stop trying to steal the pen!!
RT @inspiremelounge: If anyone acknowledges that Jesus is the Son of God, God lives in them and they in God.	1 John 4:15
Your faith is not to help you avoid problems but to go through problems with stability.
RT @Pontifex: The Church grows in silence, in prayer, and with the good works that give witness.
RT @ArmorOGod: We can't always see where the road leads, but God promises there's something better up ahead we just have to trust Him.
RT @StokedDaily: Worrying does not take away tomorrow's troubles, it takes away today's peace.
In order to love who you are, you can not hate the experiences that shaped you!
RT @JoelOsteen: You may have a thousand excuses why you can’t accomplish your dreams, why you can’t get out of that problem. God is saying…
RT @Pontifex: Jesus is the gift of God for us. If we welcome Him, we too can be a gift of God to others.
RT @InspowerMinds: I don't regret my past. I regret the time I wasted on the wrong people.
RT @StokedDaily: We never "lose" friends, we just learn who our real ones are.
RT @LivPsy: Psychology says, no matter how angry you get, you always end up forgiving the people you love.
RT @JoelOsteen: It’s easy to live with regrets, thinking about what you should have done. Don’t go through life looking in your rear view m…
RT @ArmorOGod: No matter where we are in life, God has more in store. He never wants us to quit growing.
RT @VictoriaOsteen: When you feel like what you have is not enough, your "not enough" becomes the seed of a miracle when you place it in th…
You can’t do anything about the past, but you can do something about your future.
Don't be afraid be inspired. God gave us talents and He wants us to use them.
Keep on praying for faith, it is through prayer that you develop all your wonderful qualities of soul.
Never lie to someone who trusts you, and never trust someone who lies to you.
NEVER beg people to stay against their will. Sometimes the gift of GOODBYE opens up another DOOR for you. MOVE ON and CREATE the next chapter in your LIFE.
Today I will do what others won't, so tomorrow I can accomplish what others can't.
You will never succeed if you do not believe that you deserve what you want. Visualize your goal. Make an effort to go for it and always stay positive that it can be yours.
RT @inspiremelounge: And God said, “Let there be light,” and there was light. God saw that the light was good, and he separated the light f…
Fear kills more dreams than failure ever will.
Be careful who you trust, even salt looks like sugar.
RT @ArmorOGod: When you feel like God is doing nothing, that's probably when He is doing the most.
This year build in silence...everyone doesn’t need to know everything!!
RT @Pontifex: If we live as Jesus taught us, and in harmony with what we proclaim, our witness will bear fruit.
The LORD bless you and keep you!	The LORD let his face shine upon you, and be gracious to you!	The LORD look upon you kindly and give you peace!	Numbers 6: 24-26
RT @JoelOsteen: You may have been through some disappointments, but this is a new year. Your greatest victories are still in front of you.…
RT @JoelOsteen: The past, the hurts, the regrets are finished. The guilt, the condemnation, the shame are finished. This is a new year. Thi…
One of the best feelings is finally losing your attachment to the person who isn't good for you.
Happy New Year you &amp; yours! I pray and believe that this year will be your best yet in every single way. May you be filled with peace and joy. In Jesus Name. Amen.
RT @LivPsy: Don’t broadcast every high and low of your life. Just live. Don’t try to convince the world you have a life
There is no greater love than you O Lord.
RT @jlshine5: @hickoryhill8520 @OneiTaH @FREEBetsyB @DorisZelaya5 @alcivar5341 @beverlyfelix3 @ReginahHope @JUBILEE_7DOUBLE @vaunrfiedler @…
RT @DorisZelaya5: @hickoryhill8520 @jlshine5 @OneiTaH @FREEBetsyB @alcivar5341 @beverlyfelix3 @ReginahHope @JUBILEE_7DOUBLE @vaunrfiedler @…
RT @moms_who_pray: Ask God to remove anything in your life that is taking the place that belongs to Him.
Do not let the shadows of your past darken the doorstep of your future. Forgive and forget.
RT @JustYotto: Don't stress yourself out, you will be okay in 2019. Whatever is not going right right now, God will turn it around for you.…
RT @darrynzewalk: Whatever God has planned for you, nothing or no one can stop it.
2019 years later and JESUS still owns the date!!! Happy New to you all.
RT @StokedDaily: Once you start loving someone, it's hard to stop..
RT @MindBHealing: Note to self .. 		When someone tell you about their problems, it doesn't always mean they're complaining, it means they t…
RT @TerriGreenUSA: Obamas new Washington DC home gets a wall installed as they prepare to move in  https://t.co/0khws8TKVf
Spend time on self development. You will be happy with the improved you.
RT @MinaANDMaya: #CompassionInAction: When NO ONE else stopped this kind woman could not walk away from PITIFUL😿cries coming from a sewer 🐈…
If you can't find the answer to a problem, find the cause of the problem. It will lead you to the answer.
RT @FoxNews: MOOSE ON THE LOOSE: Drivers slowed down to catch a glimpse of a gigantic moose walking in a grass median in Anchorage, Alaska.…
RT @FoxNews: A group of rescue chimpanzees in Sierra Leone wowed the internet with their manners as they patiently waited while snacks were…
You don't need a video assistant referee (VAR) to know if he/she loves you. If someone loves you, he/she treats you special.
RT @TheJesusNation: Jesus died for you, knowing you might never love Him back. That’s true love.
Jesus died for you, knowing you might never love Him back. That’s true love.
Your faith is not to help you avoid problems but to go through problems with stability.
When you hear that still small voice inside of you? That's God saying, Be reasonable, do it my way!
RT @LivPsy: Studies have found that smiling is 69% more attractive than wearing makeup.
Take control of your emotions before emotions take control of you...
GOD IS THE REASON WHY:	- In pain, I smile	- In confusion, I understand.	- In betrayal, I trust.	- In fear, I push forward.
Why do people keep asking me what color was JESUS?		I don’t care if it turns out	that JESUS was Purple ...		Listen up ...		IT’s NOT ABOUT	THE COLOR OF A PERSON,	IT’s ABOUT	THE HEART OF A PERSON		That’s where your Focus should be ...		Can I get an “AMEN” ???
RT @RealTalkKim: If you're waking up with heavy burdens know that it isn't God's will for you to be burdened. He is your comforter. Spend s…
RT @Quote_Soup: You know you're on the right track when you become uninterested in looking back.
RT @LivPsy: Successful people:		1 wake up early.	2 talk less.	3 stay laser focused.	4 don't waste time.	5 live healthy.	6 ignore nonsense.
RT @david_thedivine: Anything Is Possible... Through Christ.
Stop judging yourself by looking through someone elses eyes.
RT @InspowerMinds: Be real, be yourself, be unique, be true, be honest, be humble, be happy.
RT @inspiremelounge: Don’t lose heart if you’ve been holding on to a promise from God for what seems like forever. He is faithful, and His…
RT @RealTalkKim: I just want to tell someone YOU are Marked for a Miracle! #2019
Relationships were not designed for selfish people.
RT @VictoriaOsteen: God will use your past but He doesn’t work in the past; He works in the present, and He is working all things together…
RT @JoelOsteen: The past is over and done. That’s why it’s called the past. Quit dwelling on it; quit reliving it. You’re not going to unde…
Appreciate those who don’t give up on you.
We must not presume we know how to “fix” each other, but rather should trust God the Holy Spirit to do all work that needs doing (Romans 12:3). Without meaning to, we can do damage—spiritual, relational—when we offer fix-it advice to those who’ve been open in sharing struggles.
God, I trust you with all of my heart. Wherever you want me to go, I will go. Even if it's not where I planned. Lead me &amp; I will follow.
As Children of GOD	We know we were	    Made for much	    More than Ordinary Lives	It's time for Us to	    More than Just Survive	“We were Made to Thrive”
RT @LivPsy: You don't always need a plan. Sometimes you just need to breathe, trust, let go, and see what happens.
RT @inspiremelounge: “I have told you these things, so that in me you may have peace. In this world you will have trouble. But take heart!…
Let the Holy Spirit guide you, not your feelings.
For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him.	John 3:17
7 Rules for a Happy Life:	1. Think of others more than yourself.	2. Laugh every day.	3. Spend less money than you make.	4. Be an encourager NOT a critic.	5. Pray when you feel like worrying.	6. Give thanks when you feel like complaining.	7. Keep going when you feel like quitting.
You have to learn how to effectively communicate or you won't be able to experience a successful relationship.
In order to be a winner, you have to look for ways of getting things done and not for reasons why things can’t be done
Maybe lack and struggle have followed you around for years. You could easily settle for mediocrity, think you’ve reached your limits. No, get ready. One touch of God’s favor can thrust you to the next level.
"What you want exists, don't settle until you get it."
Anyone can see the adversity in a difficult situation, but it takes a stronger person to see the opportunity. – Drew Brees
Keeping unnecessary people out of your business can help eliminate a lot of problems.
I write these things to you who believe in the name of the Son of God so that you may know that you have eternal life. 1John 5:13
Cry as hard as you want to. But always make sure: when you stop crying, you'll never cry for the same reason again.
I write these things to you who believe in the name of the Son of God so that you may know that you have eternal life. 1 John 5:13
The Bible tells me that "God, who has begun a good work in us will finish it."   I believe that!   Do you?
You will never find another friend like Jesus!
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you.
RT @david_thedivine: Believe God Cares.
RT @Pontifex: Bring God’s tenderness and mercy to all those who are discarded by society.
RT @pure_guts_: You can't get much done in life if you only work on the days when you feel good. -Jerry West
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
RT @RhonieSays: It amazes me that some people dislike my openness about my walk with the Lord now if in their walk they’re always up in the…
RT @ArmorOGod: We must not believe the Evil One when he tells us that there is nothing we can do in the face of violence, injustice and sin…
Before you talk, listen. Before you react, think. Before you criticize, wait. Before you pray, forgive. Before you quit, try.
Despite the huge power of your mind, don't ever try to carry the problems of the world on your back. Just do what you can to improve it for the better, without causing yourself any harm.
Be strong &amp; courageous. Do not be terrified or discouraged, for the LORD your God will be with you wherever you go. -Josh 1:9
Don't start your day with the broken pieces of yesterday. Every morning we wake up is the first day of the rest of our life.
RT @LivPsy: Being sarcastic on a regular basis can add up to 3 yrs to your life. Sarcasm is extremely healthy for the mind.
RT @marcorubio: Herod...ordered the massacre of all the boys in Bethlehem...Then was fulfilled what had been said through Jeremiah... 		“A…
A negative mind will never give you a positive life.
Knowing how to talk to people is important in both personal and business relationships. A reckless tongue will lead to a lost opportunity.
RT @inspiremelounge: This is how God showed his love among us: He sent his one and only Son into the world that we might live through him.…
Keep on praying for faith, it is through prayer that you develop all your wonderful qualities of soul.
Love is a verb. Without action, it is merely a word.
If someone really wants to see you, they'll find a reason, they'll find a way, and they'll make the effort.
If you want it to be easy find a different dream.
God sees your pain. He will supply an opportunity. He will provide a way. Bigger and greater than before!
More	What we have seen and heard we proclaim now to you, so that you too may have fellowship with us; for our fellowship is with the Father and with his Son, Jesus Christ. We are writing this so that our joy may be complete. 1John 1: 3-4
RT @david_thedivine: Look back and be grateful.
RT @GodsMotivations: Therefore, my friends, I want you to know that through Jesus the forgiveness of sins is proclaimed to you. Through him…
Even now God can turn it around; even now God can restore you; even now you can accomplish your dreams. Get your fire back!!!
RT @LivPsy: Everything heals. Your body heals. Your heart heals. Your mind heals.  Your happiness is going to come back.  Bad times don't l…
Disconnecting from certain people can bless your life.
Anger and a broken heart can sometimes cause you to do and say hurtful things. God is with you even then - more than ever. Turn to Him.
If you don't fight for what you want, don't cry for what you lost.
God chose the lowly things of this world and the despised things—and the things that are not—to nullify the things that are, so that no one may boast before him.	1 Corinthians 1:28-29
But because of his great love for us, God, who is rich in mercy, made us alive with Christ even when we were dead in transgressions—it is by grace you have been saved. Ephesians 2:4-5
RT @_LoveLike_JESUS: .	Everybody's been Down	Hit the Bottom	Hit the Ground	You’re not Alone,	Just take a Breath	Don’t Forget	Hang on to HIS…
Redeemed through the precious blood of Jesus Christ.
RT @LivPsy: You can't see your reflection in boiling water. Similarly, you can't see the truths in your life in a state of anger.
Scripture says His yoke is easy and His burden is light. God’s plan is easier than trying to figure things out on your own. Trust Him because He will direct your steps.
RT @ReapSow111: If I don’t worship day in and day out, I die. Not me but the spirit within me, the indwelling Spirit would weaken into obsc…
Tonight know that you are precious to God. He has your best interest at heart. He is working to bring restoration and peace to you. Go ahead and shift shoulders. Let God take your burdens and you close your eyes and get some rest. He's got this!
RT @PrayInFaith: God is at work in your life right now. He is directing your steps. What you thought was a setback is going to turn out to…
RT @StokedDaily: I don't understand how someone can tell so many lies &amp; never feel bad about it.
RT @GodsMotivations: When Jesus spoke again to the people, he said, “I am the light of the world. Whoever follows me will never walk in dar…
RT @Scripture_Truth: For I know the plans I have for you, declares the LORD, plans to prosper u &amp; not to harm you, plans to give you hope &amp;…
RT @LivPsy: I don't think people understand how stressful it is to explain what's going on in your head when you don't even understand it y…
RT @inspiremelounge: If you are feeling unimportant or overlooked today, don’t stop investing in what God has given you to do. Even if you…
RT @StephanSpeaks: Loyal and faithful men do exist.
RT @inspiremelounge: If you don't agree with someone it does not give you the right to be rude or disrespectful to them.
Do not look where you fell, but where you slipped.
Instead, speaking the truth in love, we will grow to become in every respect the mature body of him who is the head, that is, Christ. Ephesians 4:15
RT @Inspowerco: When you focus on problems, you'll have more problems. When you focus on possibilities, you'll have more opportunities.
Always have a positive mind and you will overcome the negative obstacles.
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it.
O LORD my God, I called to you for help &amp; you healed me. Psalm 30:2
RT @inspiremelounge: For I am not ashamed of the gospel, because it is the power of God that brings salvation to everyone who believes: fir…
Don’t broadcast every high and low of your life. Just live. Don’t try to convince the world you have a life.
Your time is precious. Do not waste it on anyone who doesn't realize that you are, too.
@david_thedivine AMEN &amp; AMEN.
RT @VictoriaOsteen: A grateful life is a big life! When you are grateful, you can see things that you can’t when you are negative. Enlarge…
RT @VictoriaOsteen: Scripture tells us that everyone has been given a measure of faith. Feed your faith by meditating on the Word of God. F…
RT @beyond_thecross: Cast your burden upon the LORD and He will sustain you; He will never allow the righteous to be shaken. -Psalm 55:22
RT @JoelOsteen: People judge by the outside. They’ll try to write you off, but they don’t know what God put in you. They can’t see your see…
RT @Pontifex: The Church grows with the blood of the martyrs, men and women who give their lives for Jesus. Today there are many, even if t…
Put God first and you'll never be last.
Sometimes, bad days are there to remind you that you have good ones to look forward to.
Be weird. Be random. Be who you are. Because you never know who would love the person you hide.
Remaining calm in adversity is a sign of great spiritual strength. No matter what's going on in your life right now, "Hold your peace!"
You don't have to agree with someone to be kind to them.
A great message of great joy: God is with you!
People don't always need advice. Sometimes all they really need is a hand to hold, an ear to listen, and a heart to understand them.
RT @Inspowerco: People don't always need advice. Sometimes all they really need is a hand to hold, an ear to listen, and a heart to underst…
A winner is one who is not afraid of the challenge, who rebounds from his setbacks, and who is flexible enough to make adjustments in order to succeed the next time. – Dave Winfield
Sometimes those who don't socialize much aren't actually anti-social, they just have no tolerance for drama and fake people.
Surround yourself only with people who are going to lift you higher.
RT @Quote_Soup: Respect yourself enough to walk away from anything that no longer grows you.
I love you means that I accept you for the person that you are, and that I do not wish to change you into someone else.
Happy birthday Lord Jesus. Thank You for Loving us. we love You too!!!
Your COMING OUT will be GREATER THAN your GOING IN!!! God is going to BLESS YOU ABUNDANTLY and GIVE YOU BEAUTY for your ASHES.
RT @can2009: The LORD shall preserve thee from all evil: he shall preserve thy soul.  (Psalm 121:7)
RT @LivPsy: Don’t let yourself be controlled by three things: people, money, or past experiences.
RT @Inspowerco: Stay strong, be positive. We all struggle sometimes.
RT @Scripture_Truth: Don't worry if you're single. God is looking at you right now, saying, "I'm saving this one for someone special"
RT @StokedDaily: You are confined only by the walls you build yourself.
RT @Inspowerco: Whenever you feel weak, remember the things that made you strong; whenever you start to doubt yourself. Remember those who…
RT @ArmorOGod: Don't forget to pray today, because God didn't forget to wake you up this morning.
RT @Godly_Life: When doubts start to creep in, take a moment to pray.
RT @StephanSpeaks: One day you’ll be staring at the blessing you used to always dream about.
RT @can2009: I am totally nothing without God. With God, the sky is the limit!
RT @AmazingiGrace: For I am with you, &amp; no one is going to attack &amp; harm you, because I have many people in this city. -Acts 18:10
RT @SSahlholdt: I'll not teach my children that Santa Claus is coming to town....	I'll teach my children that Jesus Christ is coming back!…
RT @PrayInFaith: Be strong &amp; courageous. Do not be terrified or discouraged, for the LORD your God will be with you wherever you go. -Josh…
RT @Inspire_Us: Work hard in silence; let success make the noise.
RT @ArmorOGod: I will never doubt that God has gotten me though every hard moment in my life.
RT @can2009: I cannot imagine my life without the Word of God in it!  If you feel the same, say "Amen!"
RT @GodsMotivations: Salvation is found in no one else, for there is no other name under heaven given to mankind by which we must be saved.…
RT @StokedDaily: Don't compare your results to someone else's. You can never be another person, you can only be a better version of yoursel…
RT @PGanyer: I am an outcast. I am a stranger to my family, and those around me that say they love me are my biggest critic's.  I can feel…
RT @Pontifex: By contemplating God, who became a child, radiating light from the humility of the crib, we can also become witnesses to humi…
RT @JoelOsteen: The way to have continual joy is to keep a song of praise in your heart. All through the day we should have a grateful atti…
RT @Quote_Soup: In the right light, at the right time, everything is extraordinary. - Aaron Rose
RT @VictoriaOsteen: Can you imagine seeing the angels rejoicing in the sky the night Christ was born? Today, they are still singing, “Glory…
RT @Pontifex: Christ is born for us! Come, all of you who are seeking the face of God. Here He is, the Child lying in the manger.
RT @RealTalkKim: If you’re not willing to change, don’t expect your life to either!
RT @InspowerMinds: Don't worry about what others think, This is YOUR life, live it the way you want to.
RT @david_thedivine: Dear God, 		You've forgiven me so many times and blessed me in many ways. I just wanted to say Thank You. 		Amen 🙏
RT @inspiremelounge: Whatever God has asked you to do, don’t let any potential persecution or judgment of others keep you from obedience. W…
RT @Quote_Soup: We were born to succeed, not to fail. - Henry David Thoreau
WHAT ARE YOU FOCUSING ON? Focusing is one of the keys to self-discovery. Therefore, focus on Joy! Focus on Love! Focus on your Purpose! Focus on your Prayer Life! Focus on Peace! If you can focus on God, you will be able to focus on the finish line, not the hurdles.
God has freely given you mercy. Now, freely give it to others. Don’t be stingy with your mercy. God is counting on us to lift the fallen, to restore the broken, to heal the hurting.
Today I pray for peace and joy as you gather with family and loved ones. I pray for traveling mercies and that you will be filled with the hope and love that comes from heaven above.
You are never alone, no matter how lonely you feel. God is with you! He says: Don’t be afraid, for I am with you. Don’t be discouraged, for I am your God. I will strengthen you and help you. I will hold you up with my victorious right hand.	Isaiah 41:10
Now he who supplies seed to the sower and bread for food will also supply and increase your store of seed and will enlarge the harvest of your righteousness.	2 Corinthians 9:10
RT @LivPsy: A great relationship is about two things: First, appreciating the similarities and second, respecting the differences.
Our God is real. Our God is supernatural. Our God is love.	 Our God will never fail us!" Amen!
Always pray to have eyes that see the best, a heart that forgives the worst, a mind that forgets the bad, and a soul that never loses faith
And teaching them to obey everything I have commanded you. &amp; surely I am with you always, to the very end of the age. -Matt 28:20
“Even though I walk  through the darkest valley, I will fear no evil,	  for you are with me.” Psalm 23:4
RT @TheJesusNation: “Even though I walk	    through the darkest valley,	I will fear no evil,	    for you are with me.” Psalm 23:4
RT @mylovliving: Think of what makes you go up. Think positive and do what is positive.
RT @LivPsy: According to psychologists, exposure to nature allows us to remember and value important things like relationships, sharing, an…
RT @StokedDaily: Work for a cause, not for applause. Live your life to express, not to impress.
If you cannot fly then run, if you cannot run then walk, if you cannot walk then crawl, but whatever you do, you have to keep moving forward.
Know that in Christ you are approved and qualified.
Sometimes everything is going wrong for the RIGHT reasons.
When we understand God's grace and mercy, then we do not need to fear. Therefore, do not be afraid of change! You may end up losing something good, but you will probably end up gaining something great.
RT @LivPsy: Life will get much better when you stop caring about what everyone thinks, and start to actually live for yourself.
RT @Godly_Life: God let me accept the things I cant change, courage to change things I can &amp; the wisdom to know the difference.
RT @inspiremelounge: She will give birth to a son, and you are to give him the name Jesus, because he will save his people from their sins.…
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: 4 Tips to Stop Worrying (Matthew 6:25-34)	1. You have to get to know God.	2. You have to put God first in every area of…
RT @Pontifex: God enters history and does so in His original style: surprise. The God of surprises always surprises us. #SantaMarta
RT @JoelOsteen: People have enough pushing them down, pointing out their faults. Why don’t you be the one to push them up, to see the best…
RT @VictoriaOsteen: If you’ve made some wrong choices in the past, don’t get trapped in regret. Instead, dare to believe that God will rede…
RT @VictoriaOsteen: Today I pray for those who are working through a difficulty. Know that He is with you, and He is for you. He has a good…
RT @JoelOsteen: If our happiness is based on everything going our way and everybody treating us right, we’re going to live frustrated. Befo…
RT @DailyTozer: Prayer is the respiratory function of the church; without it we suffocate and die at last, like a living body deprived of t…
RT @DrAndrewFarley: God’s grace enables us to move forward in life with confidence, knowing that when we fall, we find safety and security…
RT @nytimesworld: Hezbollah's tunnels from Lebanon to Israel are "an act of war," Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said ahead of a United…
RT @LivPsy: Smarter people are more likely to suffer from anxiety and depression.
RT @FaithReeI: God Is There Even When You're At Your Lowest. He's Working Things Out Even When You Don't Know It.
I wish I had a 200k Lamborghini and a 56 mil citation jet ....	SO I COULD SELL THEM AND OPEN UP A FREE DRUG REHAB AND SHELTER FOR THE SICK AND HOMELESS so I could GO TRAVEL THE WORLD ON COACH TO SHARE THE GOSPEL
John 14:6  Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.
For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. Ephesians 6:12
The Lord bless you and keep you; the Lord make his face shine on you and be gracious to you; the Lord turn his face toward you and give you peace.  Numbers 6:24-26
For to us a child is born,And he will be called Wonderful Counselor, Mighty God,	 Everlasting Father, Prince of Peace-Isaiah 9:6	"They will call him Immanuel"- (which means “God with us”).-Matthew 1:23
RT @sprec61551: Psalm 34:5	Those who look to Him are radiant with joy; their faces shall never be ashamed.🌿💙💙💙 https://t.co/bHiUCvINEP
Bless us Lord, this Christmas, with quietness of mind; Teach us to be patient and always to be kind.
Prov 22:10  Drive out the scoffer, and contention will go out; yes, strife and abuse will cease.
A saint that stands upon the Word of God cannot be moved.
RT @cjay_greene: #MiddayPrayer Father we pray for peace among families during this time. We pray this Christmas will be a time of reconcili…
RT @TerriGreenUSA: This incredible 4D scan captured footage of what unborn fetuses do in the womb. https://t.co/Nh1X6ec1lE #prolife
RT @DavidRWilkerson: Even if we pray longer hours, fast more often, and read the Bible more diligently, we can still be defiled in our mind…
RT @lnspiredLife: Fear kills more dreams than failure ever will.
RT @JoeyTerrell1: Not a word that the Lord God has spoken has yet failed, 	and none shall fail, for the Lord our God is faithful.
NO ONE CAN TELL ME THAT GOD'S NOT IN MY HEART 	AND IN THE HEARTS OF MY BROTHERS AND SISTERS
RT @HealingMB: Take note..   sad but true .. https://t.co/Kv98w0SeUI
RT @LenaHTroy: All I want for Christmas is....		JESUS		And I have got Him! 		Praise the Lord!!! Hallelujah!!!!
RT @julesrprecious: The curse of the Lord is in the house of the wicked: but he blesseth the habitation of the just.	Proverbs 3:33
RT @A_J_Christ: 🕊It was through what His Son did that God cleared a path 4 everything to come to Him all things in heaven n on earth for Ch…
RT @RiderPride1234: Sometimes it seems like God is nowhere around, nowhere in sight. It seems like the situation is hopeless &amp; U R ready to…
RT @UfcYoda: ☀️☕Good Morning Brothers/Sisters.❄📖But if we hope for what we do not see, we wait for it with patience.	-Romans 8:25📖❄Have A W…
Worrying is a waste of time. Good and bad things happen in life, you just have to keep living and not stress over what you can't control.
A lot of people may not understand this, but some will. "I had to be broken before GOD could ever make me whole".
Sometimes we can get caught up trying to do good works for God. Scripture says that faith works by love. We show the love, God does the work.
God would not have given you the dreams, visions, and goals unless He already had a way to bring it to pass. Keep having faith and keep pressing forward!
Get rid of your of worries. Cast all your anxiety on Him because He cares for you. -1Peter 5:7
When you're not happy, you have to step back and determine what changes you can start making in your life.
Don't just dream at night, dream all day, all the time, and if you push yourself, that dream can become a reality.
When you love what you have, you have everything you need.
RT @Inspowerco: All that matters is that you know who you are. Let other people keep on wondering.
RT @FamousWomen: Life is too short to wake up with regrets. So love the people who treat you right and forget about the ones who don't.
RT @LivPsy: Intelligent people tend to care less about the opinions of others, they also enjoy being alone because of great sense of self.
God does not call you to be religious. He calls you to be holy!
Don't be afraid be inspired. God gave us talents and He wants us to use them.
In this life we cannot always do great things. But we can do small things with great love. -Mother Teresa
God knows what you’re looking for. He knows how to guide you to your destiny.
For with You is the fountain of life; in Your light we see light. 	~Psalm 36:9
RT @StokedDaily: Sometimes the wrong choices bring us to the right places.
No matter where we are in life, God has more in store. He never wants us to quit growing.
Isaiah 55:8 "For My thoughts are not your thoughts, nor are your ways My ways," declares the Lord.
Lord, all my desire is before you. I delight myself in you. Delight thyself also in the Lord &amp; he shall give you the desires of your heart. Ps.37:4.
RT @Carole77777: What? 	know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you, which ye have of God, and ye are not yo…
Laziness may appear attractive, but work gives satisfaction.
People usually don't notice the things you do for them until you stop doing those things.
Pray without ceasing. Nothing is impossible for God.
"You say you love your children above all else and yet, you're stealing their future in front of their very eyes."
This month is all about JESUS CHRIST... Hallelujah!!!
For we do not wrestle against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this age, against spiritual hosts of wickedness in the heavenly places. Ephesians 6:12
Many of us would find it difficult to cross a river by walking, but if your desire to cross that river is strong enough and you cannot walk, you must learn to swim. In other words, you must see challenges as opportunities for personal and spiritual growth. Greatness is in you!
What you consider a problem God considers the starting point for a miracle!!!
Don't expect people to understand your grind when they can't see your vision.
RT @david_thedivine: Fear of the LORD leads to life, bringing security and protection from harm. 		 Proverbs 19:23
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Mr Geir Grytli, from Norway, was diagnosed with thyroid cancer in 2016. With his wife, he sought God's face at The SCOAN…
Righteousness guards the person of integrity, but wickedness overthrows the sinner. Proverbs 13:6
RT @Pontifex: Joy, prayer and gratitude are three ways that prepare us to experience Christmas in an authentic way. #Advent
RT @JoelOsteen: Start hoping again, dreaming again, believing again. God is going to bring new opportunities you never dreamed would happen…
RT @VictoriaOsteen: God doesn’t always lead us the easiest way, but He leads us in the way that will grow us &amp; prepare us for His blessing!
"God is going to exceed your expectations."
Never give up on something you can't live without.
There is beauty in simplicity.
Don't fear change. You may lose something good, but you may also gain something great.
RT @Inspowerco: Be crazy, stupid, weird, strange, whatever. Life is too short to be anything but happy.
One of our biggest worries tends to be about our ability to provide for our needs. But it should not be! The Bible says, "And my God will supply every need of yours according to his riches in glory in Christ Jesus" (Phil. 4:19). What a joyful promise for those who are in Christ!
RT @marcorubio: I am the LORD your God,	teaching you how to prevail, leading you on the way you should go. If only you would attend to my c…
RT @Scripture_Truth: Trials without God will break you. Trials with God will make you.
RT @Godly_Life: A thousand times I've failed, still Your mercy remains.
RT @JoelOsteen: It’s easy to get bitter and give up on your dreams. But God wouldn’t have allowed it if it was going to keep you from your…
The greatest gift I've ever received that led to my salvation . God's hand, God's plan and in God's timing...
RT @VictoriaOsteen: Feeling stressed or overwhelmed? Turn your thoughts toward the Father. Let Him keep you in perfect peace! See Isaiah 26…
RT @FaithReeI: God has a blessing with your name on it.
RT @LivPsy: Tip: If you chew gum when you study a subject and then chew the same flavor when you the take the test it can help you remember.
Life is too ironic. It takes sadness to know what happiness is, noise to appreciate silence, and absence to value presence.
As it is written: “There is no one righteous, not even one; Romans 3:10
God loves you because of who God is, not because of anything you did or didn't do.
RT @CatholicDaiIy: If God changes your heart, be willing to change your plans.
If you want to stay on track with God and keep a good attitude, you have to make communication with Him a daily priority.
RT @ArmorOGod: Cast your burden upon the LORD and He will sustain you; He will never allow the righteous to be shaken. -Psalm 55:22
RT @garyhgoodridge: https://t.co/3xJ01xdwr3
RT @StokedDaily: Learn to trust the journey, even when you do not understand it.
RT @faiththruhim: If a man say, I love God, and hateth his brother, he is a liar: for he that loveth not his brother whom he hath seen, how…
RT @Scripture_Truth: If your enemy is hungry, give him food to eat; if he is thirsty, give him water to drink. -Proverbs 25:21
RT @FaithReeI: Nobody is in charge of your happiness except you.
Never forget who was there for you when no one else was.
RT @Quote_Soup: If you desire to make a difference in the world, you must be different from the world.
RT @inspiremelounge: When Jesus died for us, He took on all of our unrighteousness and put it to death, giving His righteousness and intima…
RT @StokedDaily: Some people will never change, and you have to accept that.
If you desire to make a difference in the world, you must be different from the world.
RT @StokedDaily: As we grow up, we realize it becomes less important to have a ton of friends, and more important to have real ones.
RT @LivPsy: Don't let anyone tell you there's something you can't do. If you have a dream, protect it. If you want something, go get it.
RT @inspiremelounge: Thankful for the little things.
RT @Godly_Life: Faith does not mean trusting God to stop the storm, but trusting him to strengthen us as we walk through the storm.
RT @StephanSpeaks: Being in a relationship won’t heal you, and being single won’t kill you.
RT @RealTalkKim: When God decides to USE you, He will baffle your spectators. He doesn't make NORMAL moves!!!!
RT @MindBHealing: KINDNESS IS CONTAGIOUS , SPREAD IT AS MUCH AS YOU CAN IF ANIMALS CAN DO IT , WHY CANT WE #KindNessMatters #Healing #Mindf…
RT @RitaMcDougald6: "Let me hear of your unfailing Love each morning, for I am trusting you. Show me where to walk, for I give myself to yo…
RT @TotalRaditude: You are a creation of God. Therefore you are beautiful inside AND out. Don't ever let anyone tell you otherwise!
RT @Carole77777: If someone says, “I love God,” and hates his brother, he is a liar; 	for he who does not love his brother whom he has seen…
RT @MindBHealing: Every sincere act of kindness helps to make the World a little Better place. We need more kindness, caring and tolerance…
Joshua said to them, “Do not be afraid; do not be discouraged. Be strong and courageous. This is what the LORD will do to all the enemies you are going to fight.” Joshua 10:25
RT @Lasting_Things: Friends that stay connected and pray together,hold their lives,their families and the World together...
RT @Godly_Life: Take your pain and turn it into something great. Put your energy towards bettering your life and starting something new.
RT @lnspireMeNow: Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things. - Robert Brault
RT @LivPsy: A good relationship is with someone who knows all your insecurities and imperfections but still loves you for who you are.
RT @david_thedivine: Cheer Up. Heaven is rooting for you! You haven't even BEGUN to see what's in store!
@david_thedivine Hallelujah!
When life gives you a hundred reasons to break down and cry, show life that you have a million reasons to smile and laugh...
RT @StokedDaily: Having a rough day? Place your hand over your heart. Feel that? That's called purpose. You're alive for a reason. Don't gi…
What other people think and say can’t stop God’s work in your life. It’s what you think and say and believe that matters most!
This month is all about JESUS CHRIST OUR LORD. Because HE is the REASON for the SEASON. Hallelujah to HIS HOLY NAME!!!
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: I can see Jesus' healing touching you!	I can see Jesus' deliverance touching you!	I can see Jesus' blessings touching yo…
RT @JoelOsteen: Even if you don’t deserve it, even if you don’t think it’s going to happen, God is going to surprise you and do it anyway.…
RT @VictoriaOsteen: We are not meant to live life on our own. We need to be connected with other believers who will help encourage us to mo…
Sometimes you just need to relax and remind yourself that you're doing all that you can and everything is going to turn out just fine.
RT @JoelOsteen: If you’ll celebrate the people who are ahead of you, honor them, show them respect, the favor that’s on them will come to y…
RT @JoelOsteen: You’re not always going to understand what God’s asking you to do. It may be difficult, but when you sow that extraordinary…
RT @StokedDaily: A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.
RT @RealTalkKim: 5 things to QUIT right now!!		1. Trying to please everyone	2. Fearing change	3. Living in the past	4. Putting yourself dow…
RT @inspiremelounge: Don't believe anyone who says something along the lines of "You need to make this much money or live in a nice big hou…
Jesus, You are my first thought when I wake up in the morning, my last thought before I fall asleep at night and every thought in between.
RT @JoelOsteen: God doesn’t leave us where we are. He’ll put us in situations to separate what’s limiting us. Difficulties will separate yo…
God is NEVER going to speak something to you that goes against His word!
Stop worrying!!! God knows what you need when you need it. Trust that He knows how to put you at the right place at the right time.
RT @VictoriaOsteen: Today I pray for those who feel overwhelmed in their thoughts. Cast your cares on Him and take captive every thought!
RT @momwhopray: God is Good
RT @Pontifex: "Saying or doing?" Am I a Christian of words or deeds? "Sand and rock?" Am I building my life on the rock of God, or on the s…
Don't just pray for God to open doors in your life. Ask God which doors you need to start closing yourself first.
Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind and with all your strength. Mark 12:30
RT @binghamology: It doesn’t matter how hard you pray.......if you are Lazy, it won’t happen for you.
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: If you go through life with hope, you will have joyfulness. 	If you go through life with gratitude, you will be consume…
RT @callmehasooni: Twitter Church please pray for my family. Since coming to Christ from Islam things have iced but the 5th commandment is:…
RT @ourdailybread: Thank You, Father, for helping me up when life knocks me down.
Comparing your life to someone else is not going to make your season come any faster. Trust that what God has for you is for you.
RT @StokedDaily: Our background and circumstances may have influenced who we are, but we are responsible for the person we become.
When you try to figure out everything, you're exalting your reasoning above God's thoughts and plans for your life.
Where we get in trouble in Christianity is when we start ignoring what the Bible says and instead listen to each other and preach each other’s sermons rather than preaching God’s sermon.
God is love, and we can never know true love apart from Him.
Your hardest times often prepare you for the most significant moments of your life. Please understand that tough situations build strong people in the end.
RT @JoelOsteen: The disappointments, the people that did you wrong, are not the end. The enemy would love to convince you to live discourag…
God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble. -Psalms 46:1
If you are a follower of Christ and are mean to unbelievers, then do not expect them to want to know the Jesus you speak of...
There are many things we desire: Health, love, riches, beauty, talent, power, and fame. But without peace of mind, all of those things are worthless. Peace is precious.
RT @Inspowerco: Dear whoever is reading this, you're beautiful and someone out there is crazy about you.
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: We all can look back and see things that should have defeated us. But you are still standing, you are still strong, and…
RT @StephanSpeaks: "Better alone, than badly accompanied."
RT @JoelOsteen: If you look back over your life, the times you really grew, came up higher, developed a greater confidence, weren’t the goo…
RT @inspiremelounge: Jesus can forgive us because he died and rose again three days later in victory over sin and death.
And when it’s finally your turn, I hope you understand why the wait was necessary.
RT @VictoriaOsteen: In order to find the best in every moment, sometimes you have to take a step back and look at the big picture of life.
RT @Pontifex: The beginning of faith is feeling the need for salvation: this is the way that prepares us to meet Jesus.
The Lord thy God in the midst of thee is mighty; he will save, he will rejoice over thee with joy; he will rest in his love, he will joy over thee with singing. Zephaniah 3:17
God is more interested in your character than your comfort. He is not going to give you things if you have not learned the principle of contentment. Contentment is not a lack of ambition or lack of goals. Contentment means your happiness does not depend on your circumstances.
A kind gesture can reach a wound that only compassion can heal.
RT @Pontifex: Advent is a time for renewing the faith, for purifying it, so that it can be more authentic. #SantaMarta
RT @livingforjc: Jesus loved me at my worst!
RT @_Myangel95: Church family, are you ready to go to jail for Jesus like the Apostles? Soon, everything we obey in the Bible will be illeg…
You cannot change everyone around you, but you can change the environment you choose to be around. Life is too short to waste your time on people who do not respect, appreciate, and value you. Spend your life with people who make you smile, laugh, and feel loved.
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: You cannot change everyone around you, but you can change the environment you choose to be around. Life is too short to…
Silence and smile are two powerful tools. Smile is the way to solve many problems and silence is the way to avoid many problems.
"As Christians we should speak in truth and love.  If we can't do both , we shouldn't do either. "
RT @have_falth: Be aware of how important words are in life and the effect they have on others.
Life is too short not to pursue your passion with everything you got. – Jon Gruden
Praise God! For all the good in our world &amp; for the lessons we learn and growth we receive through the difficulties. Praise be to God!
Whenever you feel weak, remember the things that made you strong; whenever you start to doubt yourself, remember those who believe in you.
Paul spoke about the peace of God that surpasses all understanding (Philippians 4:7). Why does it surpass understanding? Because when you have the peace of God, you can be happier in the combat zone than in your comfort zone.
Set boundaries with tough love. Tough love can say Enough, I care about you but I care about me too and I will not allow you to hurt me. No other person has the right to walk over you, make you feel inferior, abuse, or bully you. Set limits to protect yourself.
RT @Pontifex: So many persons with disabilities and difficulties reopen their hearts to life when they realize they are loved! And how much…
RT @StephanSpeaks: A lack of effective communication will destroy a relationship.
RT @JoelOsteen: He's a God of justice. He’s seen what you’ve been through; He’s seen what wasn’t fair. He’s saying to you today, "Payback i…
1John 2:20. But you  have an anointing from the Holy  One and all of you know the truth.
Lord, thou hast been our dwelling place in all generations. Psalms 90:1
Lord, thou hast been our dwelling place in all generations.	Psalms 90:1
It is most important to make people feel important and needed,because they ARE important and needed...
Let your dreams be bigger than your fears, your actions louder than your words, and your faith stronger than your feelings...
You have two ears and one mouth. Follow that ratio. Listen more, talk less.
O love the Lord, all ye his saints: for the Lord preserveth the faithful, and plentifully rewardeth the proud doer. Be of good courage, and He shall strengthen your heart, all ye that hope in the Lord. Psalms 31:23-24
"He himself bore our sins in his body on the tree, that we might die to sin and live to righteousness. By his wounds you have been healed." 1Peter 2:24
People don't always need advice. Sometimes all they really need is a hand to hold, an ear to listen, and a heart to understand them.
Don’t let the opinions of others steal your confidence or cause you to shrink back. Love them anyway and let God sort it all out. Only God’s opinion matters in the end.
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: As the power of the Holy Spirit sweeps The SCOAN Auditorium, individuals are set free from what bound them. As you conti…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: The man of God, Prophet T.B. Joshua is at The Altar, encouraging the congregation and viewers all over the world to put…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Talking about the importance of maintaining a free spirit, the man of God said that there is no way the Spirit can expre…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Only a free heart, a free spirit can follow Jesus. For your heart to be free, it must be spiritual because the Spirit of…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: By faith, touch the screen and pray along with Prophet T.B. Joshua as he ministers the Mass Prayer. Let your heart be fr…
Let your heart be free of unforgiveness, pain of the past, bad feelings against others, bitterness, in the name of Jesus.
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: A person who cannot forgive others destroys himself more than anyone. We need to forgive because we need to be forgiven.…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: A person who cannot forgive others destroys himself more than anyone. We need to forgive because we need to be forgiven.…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: A person who cannot forgive others destroys himself more than anyone. We need to forgive because we need to be forgiven.…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Continue to pray, “Oh Holy Spirit, locate me in Your mercy and deliver me, in the name of Jesus” as visitors climb The S…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Prophet T.B. Joshua joins the visitors on the altar in prayer, communicating with God. Wherever you are located right no…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: The celestial beings on The SCOAN Altar are at work as the presence of Jesus Christ touches all those who step their fee…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: When the power of God is present, deliverance is just like breathing. As they breathe in the breath of God on The SCOAN…
In God's mercy, we are not excluded! Hallelujah!!!
God, I know Your ways are far better than mine and I trust whatever it is You are doing in my life.
I'd rather stay quiet than explain my problems to people that don't really care.
Prove yourself to yourself not others.
This is the day that the Lord has made; let us rejoice and be glad in it. -Psalm 118.24
When fear knocks on the door, answer with faith!
Be nice to people on your way up because you'll need them on your way down.
Everyone you meet has something to teach you.
When someone else's happiness is your happiness, that's love.
RT @ChristianInst: Ephesians 5:8 	For at one time you were darkness, but now you are light in the Lord. Walk as children of light		#TeamJes…
RT @julesrprecious: The way of the just is uprightness: thou, most upright, dost weigh the path of the just.	Isaiah 26:7
RT @ReapSow111: “Our God shall come, and shall not keep silence: a fire shall devour before him, and it shall be very tempestuous round abo…
RT @LivPsy: Having at least one "Lazy Day" per week can help reduce stress, high blood pressure, stroke and heart disease.
RT @StokedDaily: Be positive, stay happy, don't let the negativity or drama of the world get you down. Smile!
Voice your Trust in God, it reminds you that He is with you and He is absolutely Dependable! Come Near to God, and You will Find He is Near you. James 4:8
Sometimes God takes away something you never expected losing, but he WILL replace it with something you never imagined you could have.
RT @sues3jewels: When God gives you a dream for your life, your eyes suddenly open up to see what He wants to do in and through you. You be…
RT @MindBHealing: Changes to Improve your Mental Health		•Don't beg anyone to stay	•Save space for people who matter	•Keep your circle smal…
RT @StokedDaily: Love without fear, trust without question, need without demand, want without restriction and desire without inhibition.
If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. 1John 1:9
RT @HealingMB: Your mood should never dictate your manners. It doesn't matter how angry, upset, or sad you are. Always be respectful &amp; poli…
RT @kristia101: https://t.co/O1Kj3a8HA6
Better is a dinner of herbs where love is, than a stalled ox and hatred therewith.
God will humble you real quick to remind you to step aside and let Him do His job.
The best six doctors anywhere and no one can deny it are sunshine, water, rest, air, exercise and diet.
Is anyone else amazed that we can talk to the creator of the universe?
Disappointments were not meant to destroy you. They were meant to strengthen you &amp; give you fortitude to accomplish your God-given destiny.
Never hold your head down, never say you can't, never limit yourself, and never stop believing...
What God calls you to be and to do, He enables you to become and accomplish.
Do not let your hearts be troubled. You believe in God; believe also in me.	John 14:1
GOD always has something for you, a key for every problem, a light for every shadow, a relief for every sorrow &amp; a plan for every tomorrow...
Being “friends” right after a breakup is typically a recipe for more pain and struggle.
Every man, woman, boy, and girl without Jesus Christ spends eternity in hell...
being confident of this, that he who began a good work in you will carry it on to completion until the day of Christ Jesus. Philippians 1:6
A kind,caring person measures every word they say and everything they do,so they always help and do no harm...
RT @inspiremelounge: Brothers and sisters, think of what you were when you were called. Not many of you were wise by human standards; not m…
RT @RevLDReed: “Do all the good you can. By all the means you can. In all the ways you can. In all the places you can. At all the times you…
RT @SportsReset: In my mind, I'm always the best. If I walk out on the court &amp; I think the next person is better, I've already lost. -Venus…
RT @garyhgoodridge: 4 Simple rules:		1. Sleep.	Proper rest allows your body to reset. Sleep well and wake up early.		2. Self education is k…
Expect less, prepare more. Judge less, respect more. Complain less, thank more. Regret less, smile more...
GOD is good. ALL the time.
In their hearts humans plan their course, but the Lord establishes their steps. Proverbs 16:9
Kill them with success and bury them with a smile...
You must be prepared to fail before you ever succeed...
So we say with confidence, 	“The Lord is my helper; I will not be afraid.	What can mere mortals do to me?”	Hebrews 13:6
RT @livingforjc: Dear friends, do not be surprised at the fiery ordeal that has come on you to test you, as though something strange were h…
RT @PastorJohnHagee: One of the Bible’s most valuable lessons is the ability to teach you the power to do what you ought to do instead of w…
RT @Quote_Soup: Do not listen with the intent to reply, but with the intent to understand. #wisdom
RT @StokedDaily: The way you think determines the way you feel, and the way you feel influences the way you act.
RT @babylonsingular: Following Jesus Christ isn't like a secret shameful hobby.		It is like an all consuming wildfire that burns for all to…
RT @TamiAdkins05: Now may the Lord of peace himself give you his peace at all times and in every situation. 	The Lord be with you all.	2 Th…
Life can be messy and bring changes and that's alright, don't give up just know that its going to be alright.
RT @sues3jewels: If you want God to bless you, commit to looking intently at the Word, continuing to examine Scripture, remembering what yo…
For I am not ashamed of the gospel, because it is the power of God that brings salvation to everyone who believes: first to the Jew, then to the Gentile.	Romans 1:16
If you don't spend time with the Lord, you won't spend time for the Lord...
Some people are like reservoirs. They collect God’s blessings but then hoard them. Other people are like a straw. They say, “God, help other people through me.” A critical spiritual lesson is that God gives you far more blessings when you’re a straw than when you’re a reservoir
God never leads us where He cannot keep us. His grace is always sufficient for us in any and every circumstance of life... Hallelujah!!!
Love the Lord your God with all your heart &amp; with all your soul &amp; with all your mind. This is the 1st &amp; greatest commandment. -Mat 22:37
Some common themes throughout the Epistles :	1. Love each other in unity.	2. Do not be worldly.	3. Seek holiness and purity.	4. Be expectant. 	5. Expect suffering .	6. Abhor sin.	7. Endure joyfully.	8. Beware of apostasy. 	9. Pray without ceasing...
As ye have therefore received Christ Jesus the Lord, so walk ye in him:	Rooted and built up in him, and stablished in the faith, as ye have been taught, abounding therein with thanksgiving. Colossians 2:6-7
The most precious gift you can give someone is the gift of your time and attention.
1 John 4:6 We are of God: he that knoweth God heareth us; he that is not of God heareth not us. Hereby know we the spirit of truth, and the spirit of error.
Everyone is fighting a battle we can’t see. Be kind...
The Shepard knows his sheep by name.  He calls them by name.  We are His sheep. The Lord is our Shepard. It just don't get any better!
RT @HLERadio: The world's rejection is just God's redirection! His plans are higher than ours!
Trust in the LORD with all thine heart; and lean not unto thine own understanding. In all thy ways acknowledge him, and he shall direct thy paths. Proverbs 3:5-6
he Bible is full of questions. The first question in the Bible is God asking Adam and Eve, “Where art thou?” God knew exactly where they were, but God was saying to them as He is saying to you, “Where do you stand?
Exodus 15:2 The Lord is my strength and my song, and He has become my salvation; this is my God, and I will praise Him, my father's God, and I will exalt Him.
Psalm 28:7 The LORD is my strength and my shield; my heart trusted in him, and I am helped: therefore my heart greatly rejoiceth; and with my song will I praise him.
Today I pray for every person that secretly lives in pain. I want U to know that Jesus loves U. In Him there is hope for the hopeless, rest for the weary, &amp; love for the brokenhearted. Matt 11:28-30,Psalm 34:18 &amp; 46:1,Deut 31:6,John 16:33 &amp; 14:27,Isaiah 40:31 &amp; 41:10,1Peter 5:7
By faith, say to yourself: "Today is a new dawn in my business, carer - whatever I lay my hand - prospers!
Trust in the Lord with all your heart and don't lean on your own understanding. In all things acknowledge Him, and He shall direct your way
RT @JoelOsteen: There’s a freedom when you can come to God honestly and openly, knowing that He doesn’t judge you, He doesn’t condemn you,…
Don't worry God is taking care of you.. even if it may seem you are all alone.
I declare new blessings are about to overtake you! Every seed you have sown is about to create a harvest of joy and peace....
God has chosen you and set you apart to live a victorious life and walk out your part in His plan. Do not look around and try to do what someone else is doing. You have a purpose in the Kingdom like no one else's, and it is time to start walking in it!
RT @david_thedivine: Our God is never caught off guard or by surprise.
RT @JoelOsteen: When you’re always thinking about God’s goodness, how He’s promoted you, vindicated you, protected you, not only will faith…
Don't go through life, grow through life. - Eric Butterworth
RT @Sports_HQ: Sometimes losing a battle helps you find a new way to win the war.
Pray hardest when it is hardest to pray...
RT @Inspire_Us: Laugh your heart out, dance in the rain, cherish the moment, live, laugh, love, forgive &amp; forget, life's 2 short 2 be, livi…
Love and value yourself. You are God's creation and He paid a dear price for you to be alive today.
Jesus said, "Watch out! Be on your guard against all kinds of greed; life does not consist in an abundance of possessions." Luke 12:15
Don't forget....this world is not our Home. Do not be of this World, for eternity awaits us in our Home/Heaven with our Father♡
Remember, if you are not playing your heart out, someone else is. And when you meet him, he will win.
RT @edeweysmith: You can take us out of church but you can't take church out of us....smh..... lolol.  #HappyThankgiving https://t.co/nAdg7…
RT @Quote_Soup: The greatest act of faith some days is to simply get up and face another day.
Jesus said, "It is finished.” The guilt of sin is finished. The fear of the past is finished. The worry of the future is finished. The persistent Prince of glory has closed the gates of hell! Hallelujah!!!
I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the last.	- Revelation 22:13
Noah did not find favour in the eyes of men; they hated and persecuted him, because both by his life and preaching he condemned the world: 	Let's not be surprised if today the same thing happens to us.
Not all storms come to disrupt life. Some come to clear your path.
Do not judge so that you will not be judged. -Matthew 7:1
If you feel unworthy, unloved and unknown, then I’m here to remind you that the Creator of the world sees you, approves of you and loves you!
When God sees that you appreciate your NOW, He starts to release your next!
RT @WhitefieldG: O! how do you and I wish we had known Jesus sooner, and that we had more of his love..it is forgiving love, it is dying lo…
When my day starts with prayer and ends with prayer, everything in between seems to always work out!!!
RT @MinLeeRice: Allow your dreams a place in your prayers as well as your plans.
RT @IIIDeaton: Be ready for a day when many will need knowledge on prophecy being revealed because most churches have completely ignored it…
If you have to keep wondering where you stand with someone, it might be time to stop standing and start walking.
Forget all the reasons why it won't work and believe the one reason why it will.
Heal me in Grace, Jesus	Bless me in Grace, Jesus	Guide me in Grace, Jesus	Teach me in Grace, Jesus	Shelter me in Grace, Jesus	Forgive me in Grace, Jesus	Rescue me in Grace,  Jesus	Only in your Grace, I survive.
Count your blessings, not your problems.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
Positive minds produce positive lives.
Jesus is Emmanuel...	God with us. Hallelujah!!!
Your mind is a special gift from God. It’s capable of storing more than 100 trillion thoughts. It can handle enormous amounts of information. God has given you the freedom to choose what you think about, from among all of that information. Choose wisely!
Ask God to remove anything in your life that is taking the place that belongs to Him.
Spend more time with those who make you smile and less time with those who you feel pressured to impress.
" whosoever therefore will be a friend of the world is the enemy of God." James 4: 4
I could use some prayers in seeking wisdom from God.
One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation. - Arthur Ashe
RT @WomenOfHistory: Lead on. https://t.co/ZkOLDGFIGP
Want to find happiness in your life? Appreciate the small stuff. You are blessed more than you realize.
LOVE THE LORD YOUR GOD	- with all your heart	- with all your soul	- with all your strength
Know that you are not alone. The Lord understands what you're going through and has promised to be with you in every trial of life.
Hallelujah! Christ is alive!
People do not succeed because they are destined to; people succeed because they are determined.
God will help you overcome wrong motives and intentions if you'll simply ask and receive help rather than trying to do it on your own.
We will all go through moments and seasons that feel unbearable and confusing. But the truth you can hold on to is that God will never leave your side. He is with you, and even when what you are asking for does not come to pass, He will fill your soul with an unwavering peace.
Everytime you forgive you disappoint the devil.
Fear kills more dreams than failure ever will.
Fulfill your destiny in Christ.  It is life worth living!
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
When God gives you favor, the Devil has to get out of the way!
Sometimes you have to let things go, so there's room for better things to come into your life...
You cannot find peace by avoiding life...
You got to get up and try. And try again. Until you make it.
RT @Godly_Life: But I say to you, love your enemies &amp; pray for those who persecute you. -Matthew 5:44
RT @PastorJohnHagee: Fruit takes time to mature. It will take a while before new believers become a lion of God. It will take persistence t…
I don't regret my past because it made me stronger.
GOD IS THE REASON WHY:	- In pain, I smile	- In confusion, I understand.	- In betrayal, I trust.	- In fear, I push forward.
RT @Sports_Greats: The ones who want to achieve &amp; win championships motivate themselves. -Mike Ditka
Be a voice, not an echo...
Impatience can be dangerous. Trust God's timing...
@david_thedivine Congratulations. God will always bless your union...
Stop asking people for directions that ain't even going where you are going.....
“But thanks be to God, which giveth us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ.” 1 Corinthians 15:57
If you seek man's approval, Satan will steal your destiny. Seek God's approval and fulfill your destiny.
When you dwell on negative thoughts, you are using your faith.  But you're using it in reverse.
The only fix some people need from you is for you to love them. That's actually what God called you to do...
Regardless what your circumstances, enjoy your life. Because God is with you!
God will always take care of you, and you should always thank Him for it.
Remain strong, for God's eye is on you. Hallelujah!!!
It is our job as Christians to tell the world about Jesus through our lives each day!
You have everlasting greatness within you, so embrace your situation. Remember, by the grace of God, you are an overcomer and world changer.
Trust your coach. Trust your team. Trust in God.
Your Heavenly Father loves you! He is interested in you. You are never alone!
“But thanks be to God, which giveth us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ.”	1 Corinthians 15:57
God will never lead you wrong...
God will never lead you wrong.
Happy is that people, that is in such a case: yea, happy is that people, whose God is the LORD. Psalm 144:15
Glory be to God always! Hallelujah!!!
Happiness doesn’t come in materialistic items. It only comes in accepting Jesus Christ as our Lord and Savior.
God sometimes takes us into troubled waters not to drown us, but to cleanse us...
God sometimes takes us into troubled waters not to drown us, but to cleanse us.
For the wages of sin is death, but the free gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord.” (Romans 6:23)
The most offensive Name in the world- Jesus.	The most important Name in the world- Jesus.	The only Name by which we must be saved-  Jesus.	What have you done with that Name?
Don’t take the people in your life for granted. Let this be a wake-up call. Life is too short to live at odds with people.
Who hurt you is not your focus!
You can slight of hand, shadow ban, ignore, bleach wash, delete, cover up, modify, deny, spin, and alter,but like like five gallons of water in a four gallon jug, the truth will eventually overflow and drench those who have tried to destroy it and it is not a gentle process.
Don't tell me prayer doesn't work. It's the only reason I'm still here...
Never let someone decorate your mind with their negativity.
With Christ on your side, you can sing a victory song!
"Humble yourselves in the sight of the Lord, and he shall lift you up." James 4:10
Goliath was a giant in the flesh, but David was a giant in the spirit.
When you fall, God stands before you with arms open wide. He longs for you to run to Him, not from Him.
RT @getulla: (Ephesians Chap. 3)	----------	20 Now unto him that is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think, accordi…
RT @StokedDaily: Think about the positives in your life as soon as you wake up. You may have a long day ahead, but positive thinking will s…
“Peace I leave with you; my peace I give you. I do not give to you as the world gives. Do not let your hearts be troubled and do not be afraid.” John 14:27
In nature we see where God has been.  In our fellow man, we see where He is still at work...
Character is how you treat those who can do nothing for you.
God is my comforter, my deliverer, my healer, my helper, my hope, my redeemer, my shelter, my strength... He is my everything. Hallelujah!!!
Rejection is God's protection! You never know what disaster God protected you from by that rejection!
Do not pray for an easy life; pray for the strength to endure a difficult one.
God is working on ur behalf behind the scene. I decree Romans 8:28 over ur life, ur children, ur spouse and all ur loved ones! May God cause everything to work together for the good of those who love God and are called according to his purpose for them."
Do not let the opinions of complacent people set the limits of your ambition. (See Numbers 13:30)
God has something planned for you that will blow your mind when you see it. He is only waiting for you to become capable of surviving the success that is right in front of you by crucifying the person that is in you right now. -
Bitterness will keep you from your destiny. It’s going to pull you down into depression, steal your dreams, and rob you of your joy. You may have a good reason to be bitter, somebody hurt you, but holding on to the hurt is only going to make it worse.
Today I pray that you will have peace in every circumstance, joy which is strength to carry you through, and faith to see the victory!
I need Jesus. Like every second. I can’t do without him.  Literally can not.
Do not be anxious about anything, but in every situation, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God. Philippians 4:6
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Life begins once Jesus becomes the reason you live it!
My children may not have everything they want in life, but they have a Mom who loves them more then anything in the world.
Enjoy every moment you have. Because in life, there are no rewinds, only flashbacks. Make sure it's all worth it.I don't care about popularity. I live in reality. Based on originality. Forget looks. I respect personality.
Greater love has no one than this, that one lay down his life for his friends. -John 15:13
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: If you wake up feeling like there has to be more to life than this, it is because you never identified what you want to…
You must be prepared to fail before you ever succeed.
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Here are the keys to a wonderful life:	GROW by knowing and trusting God.	GROW by investing in yourself.	GROW by helping…
Make up your mind that you're not going to quit until you see the fruit of what God has placed within you.
God's love for us is unconditional. Ours for Him should be the same.
You can enjoy the journey by understanding God's love for you. You can rest in knowing that His plans, His purposes, and His blessings are so much greater than your worries.
God’s not here to condemn us and make us feel bad about ourselves. But He will convict us and challenge us to come up higher.
RT @JoelOsteen: When you get in agreement with God and speak life, favor, victory, and health, then you’re going to see a breakthrough. Sud…
RT @VictoriaOsteen: The greatest lessons in life aren’t learned when things are easy; we learn and grow through the difficult times. Know t…
" Enter ye at the strait gate: for wide is the gate and broad is the way, that leadeth to destruction, and there are many who enter through it." Mat7:13		Praying for the day that millions will realize they are heading to the wide gate and turn back . It is heartbreaking to see.
The LORD redeems the soul of His servants, And none of those who trust in Him shall be condemned.	Psalms 34:22
Christ was sacrificed once to take away the sins of many; and he will appear a second time, not to bear sin, but to bring salvation to those who are waiting for him.
Those who mock the poor insult their Maker; those who rejoice at the misfortune of others will be punished. -Proverbs 17:5
RT @Inspowerco: "Never give up on what you really want to do. The person with big dreams is more powerful than one with all the facts." - A…
I am persuaded beyond doubt that nothing in all creation will be able to separate us from the Love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord.
Love is kind. 	Treat each other like you might be spending eternity together.
Just because you can't see the air, doesn't mean you stop breathing. Just because you can't see God doesn't mean you stop believing.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
When you trust in God you are always safe and provided for.
Each story has an ending.... But sometimes endings are just a new beginning.
Therefore, there is now no condemnation for those who are in Christ Jesus,	Romans 8:1
If God changes your heart, be willing to change your plans.
Whatever God calls you to do He equips you to do as well.
If you have been straying away from God lately because of a mistake, He wants you to know today that you do not have to go any farther. He loves you so much, and He has been waiting for you to come back and find your healing in Him.
Be your best, and life will be too.
RT @lemoncandys: You will show me the path that leads to life; your presence fills me with joy and brings me pleasure forever.	Psalm 16:11…
No one wants to HEAR how bad you got it. They want to SEE how bad you want it!
Do not stress about what is gone, cherish what you have, and stay excited about what is coming! God has blessed us all with talents and an anointing. You are too anointed to be disappointed. You are too blessed to be stressed! Go forward with power and love.
Your scars can be a reminder of the pain, or they can be a reminder of the grace of God. Those scars are not there to depress you; they are there to encourage you. They are reminders of what God has brought you through.
Judge your worth and value by what God says about you in His Word, not by how somebody else treats you. (Ephesians 2:4-10)
We are products of our past, but we don't have to be prisoners of it.
The mouth can be used as either a weapon or a tool, hurting relationships or building them up.
I will bless the LORD at all times; His praise shall continually be in my mouth. My soul shall make its boast in the LORD; The humble shall hear of it and be glad. Oh, magnify the LORD with me, And let us exalt His name together.	Psalms 34:1-3
Be true to who you are. Today. And everyday.
The angel of the LORD encamps all around those who fear Him, And delivers them. Oh, taste and see that the LORD is good; Blessed is the man who trusts in Him! Psalms 34:7-8
RT @Inspire_Us: Do all the good you can, to as many people as you can, as often as you can.
GOD IS THE REASON WHY:	- In pain, I smile	- In confusion, I understand.	- In betrayal, I trust.	- In fear, I push forward.
No church or good works will get you to heaven. You must accept Jesus as your savior to have eternal life in heaven!
RT @ToddTrotter3: God is our refuge and strength, an ever-present help in trouble. Therefore we will not fear, though the earth give way an…
God has a blessing with your name on it.
Who in their right mind thinks seriously about the Book of Revelation?	For most people the thought is utterly insane. But I sure hope I do. God didn’t emphasize the end times in the Bible just for His saints to ignore it. Eschatology is for everyone.
RT @GodsMotivations: Let the morning bring me word of your unfailing love,	for I have put my trust in you.	Show me the way I should go,	for…
RT @gracepoint555: Spiritual maturity is not a process of working on your Sin		It's a process of you discovering your righteousness
RT @AthletesWhoPray: When you're a beautiful person on the inside, there is nothing in the world that can change that about you. -Sasha Aze…
In everything you do, in everywhere you go, let the goodness of God be shared with those around you.
RT @AthletesWhoPray: The most rewarding things you do in life are often the ones that look like they cannot be done. -Arnold Palmer
People all around us are wounded. They’re lonely, discouraged, they feel guilty. But when they see your scar, when they hear how God healed you, restored you, blessed you, that will breathe new life into their spirit.
Forgiveness doesn’t mean that what the other person did was right. It means that you are releasing the situation to God and trusting Him with every detail.
At the cross, the exchange was that Christ took our sins and made us as white as snow. Hallelujah!!!
If Jesus Christ can rise up from the dead, just imagine what He can do for your life, Trust in Him!
I'm stronger because I had to be, I'm smarter because of my mistakes, happier because of the sadness I've know, and now wiser because I learned.
God cares about everything that concerns you, so feel free to talk to Him about anything.
Pain is part of the process sometimes, so do not always think you are wrong just because there is pain. Keep pressing forward with prayer, hope, faith, and love. God will turn your pain to joy, disappointment to fulfillment.
Scripture says to seek peace and pursue it. What are you doing to pursue peace today? The first place to find peace is in the presence of Almighty God. Pursue Him and you are pursing peace.
RT @JoelOsteen: We all experience pain. Don’t just go through it; grow through it. That difficulty is an opportunity to get stronger. That…
God says, “I’m restoring you as if it never happened!”
Remove all loneliness, hopelessness and fear from my Twitter family and fill them with love, hope and peace, in the name of Jesus, Amen!
RT @JoelOsteen: Keep doing the right thing. Don’t take matters into your own hand. God is your defender. By this time next year, the enemie…
There is a blessing hidden in every trial in life, but you have to be willing to open your heart to see them.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
Instead of focusing on all the bad, be thankful for all the good. Each day you have is a blessing from God.
You may not be there yet, but you're closer than you were yesterday.
RT @IIIDeaton: Yes,  God has a plan for our life and it is 100% for His glory.  He knows that glorifying Him is the only way we receive tru…
Be careful with your words. Once they are said, they can only be forgiven, nor forgotten.
If you keep praying and fasting, God will continue to reveal His plans and purpose to your heart. Please understand your days of confusion and uncertainty are coming to an end.
God has given you the strength and the ability to do all things on any occasion.
Have you allowed areas of your life to be ruled by fear and insecurity? Stop it. God has given you the strength and the ability to do all things on any occasion.
RT @livingforjc: All I need is Jesus!
“If you FIX your mind, you FIX your mouth. If you FIX your mouth, you FIX your life!!! “
The devil couldn't take you out so he's trying to wear you out...
You may have enemies coming against you but you have an advantage, God has placed you out of reach. They can’t defeat you, they can’t keep you from your destiny. Stay confident. Keep your peace.
Nobody will love you like God. Believe and Receive it..
RT @david_thedivine: The strongest people are the ones who move on and grow when people are trying to stop them.
Let the people praise thee, O God; let all the people praise thee.	Psalms 67:5
Time in prayer is not time wasted. It's time invested!
Life is getting better even when you think it's getting worse.... I know this from experience.
RT @MotivatedLiving: Work hard in silence; let success make the noise.
RT @can2009: DEAR GOD, I wanna take a minute. Not to ask for anything from You, but simply to say, Thank You for all I have.
RT @david_thedivine: Truth is trying to make someone else look bad will never make you look good.
Strong is the new beautiful.
You are not what you have done - you are what you have overcome.
The happiness of your life depends on the quality of your thoughts.
RT @Quote_Soup: We can complain because roses have thorns, or rejoice because thorns have roses.
RT @livingforjc: This is the day the LORD has made; let us rejoice and be glad in it. 		Psalm 118:24
Holy Almighty God we repent please hear our prayers. Help all those in positions of power not to abuse their calling, but to be fair, just &amp; compassionate.  In Jesus Name. Amen.
RT @FamousWomen: Being positive in a negative situation is not naive. It's leadership.
When you lose something, don't think of it as a loss; accept it as the gift that gets you on the path you were meant to travel on.
You are a child of God. You're playing small does not serve the world. There is nothing enlightened about shrinking.
RT @Sports_HQ: Don't look back. Something might be gaining on you. -Satchel Paige
A positive attitude gives you power over your circumstances instead of your circumstances having power over you.
Rejoice, and be exceeding glad: for great is your reward in heaven: for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you. Matthew 5:12
Rejoice, and be exceeding glad: for great is your reward in heaven: for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you. Matthew 5:12
For I know the plans I have for you, declares the LORD, plans to prosper u &amp; not to harm you, plans to give you hope &amp; a future. -Jer 29:11
Life is very short, so forgive quickly, believe slowly, love truly, laugh loudly and always remember to thank God for it all.
Simply care about yourself and about your life.
It's time to stop running away from things that are uncomfortable and hard. It's time to confront issues in your life.
A positive attitude brings much gratitude! Think positive, Be positive, Speak positive and stay positive. Do it every day and do it big.
RT @david_thedivine: Painful as it may sound; It’s not other people’s job to like you. That’s your job.
My job is to take care of the possible, and trust God with the impossible.
The Lord GOD WILL Wipe Away The Tears From EVERY FACE &amp; REMOVE The Disgrace of HIS PEOPLE From The Whole Earth!	FOR THE LORD HAS SPOKEN!	IN THAT DAY They Will Say: SURELY This Is Our God!	We TRUSTED In HIM &amp; He SAVED Us!	This IS The LORD, We Trusted IN HIM! Is 25:8-9
A ship is safe in harbor, but that's not what ships are for.
My flesh and my heart may fail,	but God is the strength of my heart	and my portion forever.	Psalm 73:26
Life without Jesus is empty. Only he can truly satisfy you!
"Now may the Lord of peace himself give you peace at all times in every way. The Lord be with you all." Thessalonians 3:16
When God is all you have, then all you have is all you need.
God has a more awesome plan for your life than you could ever imagine simply because He loves you!
Promote what you love instead of bashing what you hate.
Those who move forward with a happy spirit will find that things always work out.
If you stay, stay forever.	If you go, do it today.	If you change, change for the better.	If you talk, make sure you mean what you say.
The ABC's of salvation:	A-  Admit and be sorry for failing to meet God's standards of perfection (repent for your sins).	B-  Believe in your heart that God raised Jesus from the dead.	C-  Confess with your mouth that Jesus is Lord.
Father, help me to never be afraid to pray for the impossible.
Three words:		Forgiveness 	Grace	Mercy		Walk in them!
You hate trouble. You complain about trouble and you run from trouble. But, trouble is the reason that you’ve discovered everything that has been good for you. Praise the Lord!
Everyone has a past; however, if you want a change in your life, if you want forgiveness, peace and joy, God demands total surrender. Surrendering to Jesus Christ will clean your slate and shape your future.
Did you know thankfulness opens the door for God to work? God dislikes it when we grumble and gripe but He loves it when we praise and give thanks.
You can't change what has already happened so choose to look ahead instead of behind you.
When you want better you do better..... Period!
If it weren’t for His goodness, His mercy, His strength, we wouldn’t be here. God is counting on us to let our light shine. What you’ve been through will help somebody else get through it. Be on the lookout for who you can encourage.
Please understand that you can use your time to complain or to pray! One drains you and one changes you! Therefore, in this Thanksgiving season, let God know you have confidence in Him, no matter how deep the problems or how awful the circumstances.
"Yet in all these things we are more than conquerors through Him who loved us." Romans 8:37
Sometimes things do not work out the first time so that you will learn to lean on God the next time.
It is impossible to get in shape spiritually when you only exercise your faith on Sundays.
Don’t be bewildered by the carnage that you see on the battlefield. Lift up your head and rejoice in the Lord! We have already finished the good fight!
RT @GODs_Graces: You can decide to trust God, or you can decide to be miserable.
God will rule this day just like He has all previous days and all future days.
Just because someone does not validate you does not mean you are not valuable! You are God's masterpiece! You are wonderfully made and created to win!
For every problem you face in life, God’s Word has a promise! Declare God’s Word because He watches over it to bring it to pass in your life!
Stop venting and start PRAYING! You don't need sympathy.... You need STRENGTH!
God not only sees where you are, He sees where you can be.
RT @Godly_Life: O LORD my God, I called to you for help &amp; you healed me. Psalm 30:2
RT @Inspowerco: Sometimes there are things in life that aren't meant to stay. Sometimes change may not be what we want. Sometimes change is…
RT @MotivatedLiving: Your past is done, so forget it. Your future is yet to come, so dream it, but your present is now, so live it with no…
RT @JesusSaves_Broo: The Bible is full of broken people that God used in amazing ways. Never think you aren’t enough. God can use you. Keep…
RT @Inspire_Us: Do not regret growing older; it is a privilege denied to many.
RT @GodsMotivations: Jesus looked at them and said, “With man this is impossible, but not with God; all things are possible with God.”	Mark…
RT @PastorJohnHagee: Have faith in God. He is greater than your problems.
RT @IIIDeaton: Satan will do everything he can to get us to take our eye off the prize of eternity with Jesus and focus on worldly desires…
RT @ArmorOGod: Have the courage to make the change, the strength to see you through it, and faith that everything will turn out for the bes…
RT @Inspowerco: Good things don't come to those who wait, good things come to those who are willing to get up and get shit done.
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Retweet if you are thankful for something God has blessed you with today!
When life seems hard just remember God knew you before you were born, and he has amazing things in store for you.
Dear God, if today I lose my hope, please remind me that your plans are better than my dreams.
He was crushed for our iniquities; the punishment that brought us peace was upon him, &amp; by his wounds we are healed. -Isa 53:5
When God tells you a miracle is coming, get ready for the miracle!
You wouldn’t be reading this if God wasn’t about to do something unusual, something out of the ordinary that you didn’t see coming. Don’t talk yourself out of it. You don’t have to figure it out. All you have to do is believe.
All Scripture is God-breathed. When we read it, we have to know He is refreshing our spirits and directing our paths.
Even when you are feeling nearly empty inside, if you have the tiniest speck of faith … then you can move mountains. So keep believing God for what He has declared over your life and have faith that it will come to pass!
The last two months of 2018 is going to make the last 10 months worth it!!!!
The 3 C's in life: Choice, Chance, Change. You must make the Choice, to take the Chance, if you want anything in life to Change.
Wherever you are going, God has already been there and paved the way for you. (Matt 6:27-30)
God doesn’t shut you off. You shut yourself off by believing less than God has given you the authority to believe. When God says, “Nothing is impossible," He means nothing is impossible.
It’s easy to get discouraged and accept that it’s not going to work out. But what you can’t see is God is working behind the scenes. What He promised you, He still has every intention of bringing it to pass.
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: I do not know what you are currently going through, but you carry the promise of God's presence. In fact, as a believer…
RT @livingforjc: The gospel is meant to change us. Not for us to try and change the gospel to fit our sinful lifestyle.
The sooner you let go of what they did... the quicker you can embrace what God is doing!!!!
Seek the Lord while he may be found; call on him while he is near.	Isaiah 55:6
Remember, the higher we help others rise, the higher we will rise.  Make sure you reach out to help encourage and inspire the people around you!
Sometimes God closes doors because it's time to MOVE FORWARD. He knows you won't move unless your circumstances force you...
Keep on praying for faith, it is through prayer that you develop all your wonderful qualities of soul. -Myrtle Fillmore
No matter who you are and what happens in your life, you still have the chance to turn your life around and be great...
No one has ever seen God; but if we love one another, God lives in us and his love is made complete in us. -1John 4:12
Commit to the LORD whatever you do, &amp; your plans will succeed. -Prov 16:3
Love the Lord your God with all your heart &amp; with all your soul &amp; with all your mind &amp; with all your strength. -Mark 12:30
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: You're not a victim. No matter what you have been through, you're not a failure. You may have been wounded, deceived, h…
RT @JoelOsteen: It may not be fair, but God sees what’s happening. He has you in the palm of His hand. He’s given you grace for every frust…
When you feed your faith, your doubts will starve to death...
RT @livingforjc: God will bring you the partner that He has for you when the time is right. 		Be patient.
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Bad decisions are not without consequence, but in the frame of grace they are never beyond redemption.
Remember, your loved ones need your encouragement more than anyone else. You are important, and your words are important!
He will always answer our prayers. It may not be what we expected or want, but it will be for our good.
Peace I leave with you, My peace I give to you; not as the world gives do I give to you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid. John 14:27
Be strong &amp; courageous. Do not be terrified or discouraged, for the LORD your God will be with you wherever you go. -Josh 1:9
So many people wonder, “God, is this You, or is it me?” But as a believer, God is in you. Trust that He is speaking to your heart.
RT @RealTalkKim: Sometimes the best thing you can do is not think, not wonder. Just breathe, and have faith that everything will work out f…
RT @Scripture_Truth: And thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thine heart, &amp; with all thy soul, &amp; with all thy might. -Deuteronomy 6:5
Ask God to allow you to absorb the divine confidence He has meant for your life.
RT @Godly_Life: GOD LOVES YOU!	- He will be there for you.	- He will make a way for you.	- He will wipe away your tears.	- He will be your…
RT @PastorJohnHagee: You will never accomplish your divine destiny until you crucify your insecurities and embrace divine confidence.
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Do not distance yourself from God, but draw close to Him. Do not hide your face, for He has seen you already, and has d…
RT @RealTalkKim: It’s a brand new month! Everything will work in your FAVOR!!!
Quit looking to people. Start looking to God. He controls your destiny. No person, no boss, no company can stand against Him. He determines how high you’re going to go. He sees what’s going on. He knows what’s not fair.
RT @VictoriaOsteen: Know that God is not mad at you; He is madly in love with you! Receive His love and let it flow through you and impact…
Stay committed to your dreams. Don’t give up on the promises God put in your heart. It may be taking longer than you thought, but God is still on the throne. He’s a faithful God. He’s already set the time to bring it to pass.
But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well.	Matthew 6:33
God will get you to the place that if He doesn’t come through, you are not going to make it. That is how perfect God is.
RT @inspiremelounge: But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well.	Matthew 6:33
RT @JoelOsteen: We all go through seasons of struggle, seasons where we’re not seeing increase. You may be there now, but stay tuned. That’…
RT @VictoriaOsteen: Peace is a gift from God that the world can’t take away. Hold on to peace by leaning into the Father today. See John 14…
RT @GodsMotivations: Now the Lord is the Spirit, and where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is freedom.	2 Corinthians 3:17
RT @david_thedivine: Your heart will heal. Your tears will dry. This storm will end.
RT @beyond_thecross: Everything we run away from has power over us; everything we go through, we conquer.
RT @TimBurt: 1 Cor. 2:11-12 “No one can know a person’s thoughts except that person’s own spirit, and no one can know God’s thoughts except…
RT @FaithReeI: Truly I tell you, whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers &amp; sisters of mine, you did for me. -Matthew 25:40
RT @lyfetreker: Psalms 51:2-3 | KJV 	Wash me throughly from mine iniquity, and cleanse me from my sin.	For I acknowledge my transgressions:…
RT @halimabubakar: Women who work tirelessly and still stand strong under pressure are great to behold.A woman who holds her home and feed…
The price that Jesus paid can only be received as a gift. There is nothing we can do to begin to repay Him for his gift.
RT @SteveDoherty_: LORD, forgive me for all the times I stayed silent when I should have spoken, when I kept my arms by my side when I shou…
RT @Tweets2Motivate: We must see things how they are instead of how we hope, wish or expect them to be.
RT @Inspowerco: A positive attitude brings much gratitude! Think positive, Be positive, Speak positive and stay positive. Do it every day a…
RT @Godly_Life: You're not a failure until you stop trying. If you have no other testimony you have this one: "I'm still here."
RT @phil4one3: Proverbs 15:13 (ESV)	A glad heart makes a cheerful face, but by sorrow of heart the spirit is crushed.
RT @HLERadio: You are a child of God, you have nothing to be ashamed of!
“Be not overcome of evil, but overcome evil with good.”	Romans 12:21
RT @ArmorOGod: I can do everything through him who gives me strength. -Phil 4:13
RT @inspiremelounge: For you know that it was not with perishable things such as silver or gold that you were redeemed from the empty way o…
What GOD is preparing for you is worth the wait.
RT @Godly_Life: No temptation has seized u except what is common to man. &amp; God is faithful; he won't let u be tempted beyond what u can bea…
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: You cannot change the past, but the decisions you make today can change your future.
RT @JoelOsteen: You can’t go forward if you’re always looking back. You can’t see the new things God has in store if you’re focused on what…
If you want to stay on track with God and keep a good attitude, you have to make communication with Him a daily priority.
RT @ArmorOGod: If you want to stay on track with God and keep a good attitude, you have to make communication with Him a daily priority.
Jesus died for you and me on a cross and shed His blood for us. Your price tag is not in dollars, silver or gold but it’s much more! It’s the precious blood of the Lamb and His name is Jesus.
RT @PastorJohnHagee: God's touch can transform fear into glorious faith.
RT @inspiremelounge: Jesus died for you and me on a cross and shed His blood for us. Your price tag is not in dollars, silver or gold but i…
RT @geshepjr: The Lord will fight for you; you need only to be still.	Exodus 14:14
RT @Gr8Awakeningbc: How’s this for good news?	“We’re engraved on the palms of His hands!” Isaiah 49:16	https://t.co/dv0SyC0yRV https://t.co…
RT @Mrs_Cole_15: God alone is enough,	To take us even through the rough.		Trust in Him and Stand firm,	From His Word we live &amp; Learn.		Stan…
RT @MinLeeRice: We serve a Holy #God, Who is looking for #Holy People.
RT @mylovliving: Never beg for love or help, be the good and the proud YOU.
RT @GODs_Graces: With all my heart I praise the LORD! I will never forget how kind he has been. -Psalm 103:2
RT @FamousWomen: Maturity has to do with the experiences you've had, not how many birthdays you've celebrated.
RT @Janay_Ellis: Don't Allow Fear To Dictate Your Actions. Don't Let It Run The Show! 🌷 Blessings
RT @GodsMotivations: Now to him who is able to do immeasurably more than all we ask or imagine, according to his power that is at work with…
RT @DebKates: Many Waters Cannot Quench Love, Nor Can Rivers Drown It!		If A Man Tried To Buy Love With All His Wealth, His Offer Would Be…
RT @VictoriaOsteen: Ordinary things in the hand of Almighty God become extraordinary. Your life may look ordinary today, but you are writin…
RT @yawazobiafm: Woman Who Gave Birth After 40 Years of Marriage Holds Naming Ceremony https://t.co/ZdBdqX10SQ https://t.co/sEH7d4tntL
RT @beautee12: Isaiah 54:17	No weapon that is formed against thee shall prosper, and every tongue that shall rise against thee in judgment…
RT @marshawright: Nobody can make you happy but you, take charge of your life, you are a self-reliant being 🙌	#success #strength #independe…
RT @sports_grit: Strong is the new beautiful.
RT @can2009: Life can be tough sometimes. But with #Christ Jesus, I can face anything! And feel good about it!
RT @faiththruhim: God never abandons us. His all-surpassing strength is always with us.
RT @ambassador277: Anger and a broken heart can sometimes cause you to do and say hurtful things. God is with you even then - more than eve…
RT @moms_pray: There are times when God wants to use you in someone else's life; it may not be pretty or comfortable, but they need to see…
RT @can2009: "Submit yourselves therefore to God. Resist the devil, and he will flee from you."
RT @Bible_Time: As one whom his mother comforts, so will I will comfort you. -Isa 66:13
RT @ToddTrotter3: Good Morning 		Matthew 10:28		"And do not fear those who kill the body but cannot kill the soul. Rather fear him who can…
RT @livingforjc: God formed us. 	Satan deformed us. 	Christ transformed us.
RT @Inspire_Us: Happiness will come to you when it comes from you. Success will be yours when you choose to take responsibility for making…
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: I do not know who this message is for but you must not stop because you are tired, stop when you achieved your desired…
RT @Inspowerco: When you're tired, draw strength from God. When you're speechless, talk to God. When you're lonely, there is God.
RT @PastorJohnHagee: Every prophetic sign in the Bible is shouting to us, "The King is coming." Look up, pray up, prepare up! We are gettin…
RT @ArmorOGod: God will never lead you wrong.
RT @RealTalkKim: I PRAY God visits your home tonight with miracles and breakthroughs!
RT @TimBurt: “Guard your heart above all else, for it determines the course of your life” Proverbs 4:23 (NLT)
RT @momwhopray: Happy moments: Praise God		Difficult moments: Seek God		Quiet moments: Worship God		Difficult moments: Trust God		Every mom…
RT @l_Love_Sports: God gives talent. Work transforms talent into genius. -Anna Pavlova
RT @Inspowerco: God knew you were going to be special to someone..that's why he created you. Be happy with yourself, and know you are loved.
RT @_TheBibleSays_: Be silent in the Lord’s presence, all people everywhere, for he is being moved to action in his holy dwelling place.  Z…
RT @PastorJohnHagee: The communion promises the presence of Christ.
RT @Inspire_Us: If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. -Dr. Maya Angelou
RT @can2009: Thank God for the blessings that He is going to give you - which you know nothing about.
RT @StokedDaily: I am a big believer in karma &amp; in what goes around will always come back around, no matter the time or how long it takes.
RT @Inspowerco: Don't be stressed over something in the past, cause there is nothing you can do to change it. Focus on your present and cre…
RT @ambassador277: Don't have enough faith? That's what the Satan want you to believe. You got more than enough. You got Jesus! End of stor…
RT @can2009: A person never knows the difference they will make. God uses us in ways we don't realize!!
RT @Inspowerco: Life stops when you stop dreaming. Hope ends when you stop believing. Love ends when you stop caring. Friendship ends when…
RT @ArmorOGod: God does not change with the times like we do.
RT @livechristian1: God is love. 		Loving God will cause you to obey the 1st-4th commandments and loving your neighbor as yourself will cau…
RT @Godly_Life: Know that you are not alone. The Lord understands what you're going through and has promised to be with you in every trial…
RT @RealTalkKim: You're about to transition from being skipped over to being sought after. Relax! You won't have to compete for what God sa…
RT @can2009: We serve God by believing in Him. Not by trying to figure Him out.
RT @nanwanjie777: 4 NOT through the law was the promise to Abraham or to his seed that he should be heir of the world, but through the Righ…
RT @AChristLife: If a man say, I love GOD, and hateth his brother, he is a liar: for he that loveth not his brother whom he hath seen, how…
RT @WomanDoItAll: Be open for love in your life. https://t.co/93BRRaC2oJ
RT @PsyLiving: Never change for someone. If they can't accept you for who you are at your worst, they don't deserve to see you at your best.
RT @AChristLife: Confess your faults one to another, and pray one for another, that ye may be healed. The effectual fervent prayer of a rig…
RT @sues3jewels: When we choose to meditate on God‘s truth, our behaviors improve radically. God’s Word in place of our thoughts. “My peopl…
@TheNationNews Kpamkammmm.
RT @TheNationNews: Stop electing leaders without education to public offices – Sanusi https://t.co/AKhXCfuuGf
RT @PsyLiving: We are subconsciously more attracted to people who have the same taste in music as we do.
RT @Women_Of_Christ: God has a more awesome plan for your life than you could ever imagine simply because He loves you!
RT @ConnieEngel777: Live your life for Jesus. What is the alternative?
RT @PsyLiving: Never give up on something you really want. It's difficult to wait, but it's more difficult to regret.
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: “To have a healthy heart, don’t feed on resentment or bad feelings towards anyone.” https://t.co/J1mNlvN7y6
RT @Marvel0usJesus: You satisfy me more than the richest feast.	I will praise You with songs of joy. 	Psalm 63:5
RT @PrayInFaith: If we live by the Spirit, let us also be guided by the Spirit. -Gala 5.25
RT @can2009: Prayer should not be some religious exercise.
RT @ambassador277: Allow your dreams a place in your prayers as well as your plans.
RT @Bible_Time: A positive attitude gives you power over your circumstances instead of your circumstances having power over you.
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: You are what is in your heart; your life reflects what is in your heart.
RT @GMommy7: All our trials and troubles may be taken to #God and left with Him
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Do not allow the enemy to tell you that you should be further than where you are now! God has you right where you are s…
RT @KathieLGifford: The path of the righteous is level; O upright One, You make the way of the righteous smooth. Isaiah 26:7
RT @Godly_Life: Always pray to have eyes that see the best, a heart that forgives the worst, a mind that forgets the bad, and a soul that n…
RT @GODs_Graces: God-given struggles don't come to stay, they come to pass. Just be patient. Wait while God works for you.
RT @LordJesus111: Jeremiah 32:17	Ah Lord GOD! behold,Thou hast made the heaven and the earth by Thy great power and stretched out arm,and t…
RT @MinLeeRice: When the #Lord is #Pruning your Branches don't try to Reconnect them. He is doing it for a #Reason.
RT @livingforjc: He heals the brokenhearted and binds up their wounds. 		Psalm 147:3
RT @IIIDeaton: " Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation, and a house divided against a house falleth." Luke 11: 17
RT @GodsMotivations: Take my yoke upon you and learn from me, for I am gentle and humble in heart, and you will find rest for your souls. F…
RT @can2009: Don't blame sin on your fallen nature and fallen world. Settle for nothing less than God's best for you.
RT @JoyintheSmokys: The Lord is the portion of mine inheritance and of my cup: thou maintainest my lot. Psalms 16:5
RT @david_thedivine: The LORD of hosts is with us;	the God of Jacob is our fortress.		Psalm 46:7
RT @david_thedivine: I have set the LORD	always before me;	because he is at my right hand,	I shall not be shaken.	Psalm 16:8
RT @david_thedivine: He brought out his people with rejoicing,	his chosen ones with shouts	of joy;	Psalm 105:43
RT @david_thedivine: Every new day,	God says,	I believe in you,	Am watching over you. https://t.co/lOKe0SMpzk
RT @RevLDReed: Pride says look at me. Pride says notice me and who I am. Pride says pay attention to me and what I have done. Pride says ho…
RT @pauladefarasin: God’s great grace is the game changer. The situation may not look good in the beginning, fear may be clouding up your m…
RT @FwJesus: Jesus never said it would be easy, but He said it would be worth it! (Matt 7:13-14)
RT @can2009: God has intention for your pain, a motive for your struggle and a compensation for your faithfulness. Don't give up!
RT @ambassador277: Because of the blood of Jesus, God looks at us as if we have never in our lives done anything wrong.  Oh my!  Oh my!
RT @Franklin_Graham: “Again Jesus spoke to them, saying, ‘I am the light of the world. Whoever follows me will not walk in darkness, but wi…
RT @PsyLiving: When a person laughs too much, even on stupid things, that person is sad deep inside. When a person sleeps a lot, that perso…
RT @Scripture_Truth: Praise the God &amp; Father of our Lord Jesus Christ! He is the Father who is compassionate and the God who gives comfort.…
RT @WhitefieldG: A great many censorious people are mighty inquisitive to know, what will become of the heathens, that never heard of Jesus…
RT @BrianMonzon: When going through a difficult time, claim the strength that God has promises. “Fear not, for I am with you;	Be not dismay…
RT @GodsMotivations: And he has given us this command: Anyone who loves God must also love their brother and sister.	1 John 4:21
RT @CatholicDaiIy: Holy Almighty God we pray for the protection, healing &amp; deliverance of  the helpless, voiceless &amp; the vulnerable &amp; espec…
RT @can2009: Don't be fooled by the enemy.  Same devil.  Same tricks.  The tricks are just dressed differently than before.
RT @Lady_Kenya4: The word Obedience is in my 💓 morning! 	Obedience is better than sacrifice... Thank you Jesus!🙏
RT @sues3jewels: No one said life is going to be easy. Hang on to the promise that God is faithful and will give you the strength you need.…
RT @KuljuTommi: For I  am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ: for it is the power of God unto  salvation to every one that believeth; to t…
RT @Marvel0usJesus: I love the Lord, because He has heard my voice and my supplications.	Because He has inclined His ear to me therefore I…
RT @PsyLiving: You have two ears and one mouth. Follow that ratio. Listen more, talk less.
RT @Sheltieman3: Scripture always validates scripture.	Colossians 1:16-17 validates John 1:1-3.		We can trust what the Bible has to say.  T…
RT @ArmorOGod: God brings men into deep waters, not to drown them, but to cleanse them. -John Aughey
RT @ambassador277: Our God knows how to open doors that we didn't even know were there.
RT @Scripture_Truth: Unless you change and become like little children, you will never enter the kingdom of heaven. -Matthew 18:3
RT @StokedDaily: Hurting someone with the truth is always better than making them happy with a lie.
RT @can2009: Be sober, be vigilant; because your adversary the devil, as a roaring lion, walketh about, seeking whom he may devour: (1 Pete…
RT @LivPsy: If you drink enough water in the morning, you will feel happier, sharper, and more energetic throughout the day.
RT @Inspowerco: Let go of your insecurities. Let go of your pain. You are limitless. Nothing is holding you back. Smile. Love. Laugh. Don't…
RT @GodsMotivations: You adulterous people, don’t you know that friendship with the world means enmity against God? Therefore, anyone who c…
RT @Marvel0usJesus: But if anyone does sin, we have an advocate who pleads our case before the Father. He is Jesus Christ, the one who is t…
RT @StokedDaily: Something that has been bothering you for awhile is about to come to an end. You’re about to be released from the pain rig…
RT @ambassador277: Let us ask God to strip away anything that will block the view of Christ in us.  Even from ourselves!
RT @Godly_Life: But I say to you who hear, love your enemies, do good to those who hate you -Luke 6:27
RT @PastorJohnHagee: Knowing about Christ and receiving Christ are two entirely different things. You can have a ceremony without commitmen…
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: God wants to do something BIG in your life. He wants to give you the desires of your heart and so much more. He desires…
RT @StokedDaily: Your life will get so much better when you realize that it's better to be alone than to chase around people who don't care…
RT @Inspowerco: God has perfect timing; never early, never late. It takes a little patience and faith, but it's worth the wait.
RT @can2009: Don't be in a hurry to rush God. His plan for you is worth waiting for.
RT @ArmorOGod: When fear comes knocking at your door, you must answer it with faith. Nothing else is effective against it.
RT @GodsMotivations: Dear friends, let us love one another, for love comes from God. Everyone who loves has been born of God and knows God.…
RT @Inspire_Us: Someone is praying for the things you take for granted.
RT @Quote_Soup: A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort. - Herm Al…
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Do not be defined by your past. There i a promise, a purpose and a future ahead!
RT @ArmorOGod: Don't forget to pray today, because God didn't forget to wake you up this morning.
RT @ToddTrotter3: Good Morning 		Peter 2:9		"  But you are a chosen race, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a people for his own possessio…
RT @Godly_Life: I would rather walk with God in the dark than go alone in the light. -Mary Gardiner Brainard
RT @PastorJohnHagee: God’s touch can turn darkness into glorious light.
RT @JoelOsteen: God is not looking for the ideal you, the pretend you, the future you. He’s looking for the real you. Be real. That’s the k…
RT @ReapSow111: Never let this one great truth escape you: anything is possible with God.
RT @can2009: There are indeed times when we can actually feel we are off course.  This is when the enemy is at his depraved best.
RT @can2009: It's a beautiful thing when you find your rhythm and get in sync with God's plan for your life.
RT @FwJesus: The Lord's word is pure - Psalm 18:30.
RT @moms_pray: Do not love the world nor the things in the world. If anyone loves the world, the love of the Father is not in him. -1 John…
RT @Bible_Time: Pride goes before destruction, a haughty spirit before a fall. -Proverbs 16:18
RT @ambassador277: Without spiritual maturity, we cannot enjoy the journey.
RT @PastorJohnHagee: Faith does not believe that God CAN do it, faith believes that God WILL do it now.
RT @Bible_Time: I know that God will give you whatever you ask of him. -John 11:22
RT @WomenOfHistory: You don't need other people to validate you, you're already valuable.
RT @Carole77777: Be not afraid of them [their faces], for I am with you to deliver you, 	says the Lord.		Jeremiah 1:8
RT @SkiltonRay: Then John gave this testimony: “I saw the Spirit come down from heaven as a dove and remain on him.	John 1:32
RT @DavidRWilkerson: When your home becomes a #church, all your deepest needs will be met by your Father in #heaven.
RT @AthletesWhoPray: A man with God is always in the majority.  -John Knox
RT @JW_Branding: The prayer of a righteous man is powerful and effective 	Amen https://t.co/ofVXaRAjR5
RT @HLERadio: I would rather lose friends than lose my relationship with God!
RT @stuepperson: “For I determined not to know anything among you except Jesus Christ and Him crucified.”	I Corinthians 2:2
RT @A_J_Christ: ✝️	They profess to know God, but by their deeds they deny Him, being detestable n disobedient n worthless for any good deed…
RT @fran015217: Jesus is LORD! Victory was won at Calvary. He looked beyond my faults and saw my need. I need Thee every hour. Oh how I lov…
RT @Lady_Kenya4: Thank God for another day...
RT @GoodShepherd316: As I scroll through my Twitter feed, I read all the beautiful words of God through my brothers and sisters in Christ.…
RT @TerryannScott: #MidDayMeditation: ...forgetting those things which are behind, and reaching forth unto those things which are before, I…
RT @darrynzewalk: Always putting God first is the best way to live.
RT @Bible_Time: God's temple is holy, &amp; you are that temple. -1Cor 3:17
RT @ToddTrotter3: The end of life is not to be happy, nor to achieve pleasure and avoid pain, but to do the will of God, come what may. - M…
RT @NoahHerrin: YOU HAVE NO RIVAL 	YOU HAVE NO EQUAL 		YOURS IS THE NAME ABOVE ALL NAMES
RT @godonly: The LORD watches over those who fear him, those who rely on His unfailing love.		Psalms 33:18
RT @WomenOfHistory: If you can be anything, BE KIND. https://t.co/PrxFYGUULk
RT @larryelder: “I’m not calling Mr. DeSantis a racist. Racists believe he's a racist."	—@AndrewGillum, democrat candidate for governor of…
RT @FamousWomen: Choose a job you love, &amp; you will never have to work a day in your life. - Confucius
RT @ambassador277: The purpose of prayer is to discover #God's will, not obligate Him to do mine; to reflect #God's mind, and not change it…
RT @FamousWomen: Bad things happen:	- Every day.	- To everyone.	The difference is in how people deal with it.
RT @pastord365: Just thinking about how good #God is, EXCITES ME!
One day all those late nights and early mornings will pay off. Never stop working, never stop improving and most importantly never stop believing in yourself.
RT @ambassador277: Fellowship is a beautiful thing. There are benefits when saints come together in love, peace and harmony.
RT @moms_pray: Don't mourn bad decisions, overcome them with good ones.
RT @NicoleCrank: Even when it seems dark outside, God will delight us by giving us little glimpses of our bright future.  Don’t miss it! It…
RT @can2009: If we sow good seeds, we got a payday coming from #God.
RT @ledrew: You ask [in prayer] but don't receive it because you ask wrongly, wanting to squander it on pleasure -James 4:3
RT @mylovliving: Fighting is the most nonsense issue from both sides.
RT @Sheltieman3: If we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us.   1 John 1:8
RT @can2009: The future depends on what we do in the present!
RT @Sports_HQ: There is no glory in practice, but without practice, there is no glory... -Unknown
RT @ambassador277: Just when you don't feel like praising the Lord, that is when you need to praise him the most.  Praise the Lord!
RT @Godly_Life: Trust in the LORD with all your heart &amp; lean not on your own understanding. -Prov 3:5
RT @Inspowerco: I need to stop worrying about the future and be thankful for what I've been blessed with so far.
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Everything in your life is a reflection of a choice you once made. If you want different results, make different choic…
RT @MotivatedLiving: Forget all the reasons why it won't work and believe the one reason why it will.
RT @ArmorOGod: He who kneels before God can stand before anyone
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Faith makes all things possible. Hope makes all things work. Love makes all things beautiful. May you have all three.
RT @MotivatedLiving: No matter what happens, no matter how far you seem to be away from where you want to be, never stop believing that you…
RT @FaithReeI: You will turn back to me &amp; ask for help, &amp; I will answer your prayers - Jer 29:12
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Do not allow one chapter, one moment, one incident, or one mistake to define your whole entire life!
RT @AmazingiGrace: When you lose something, don't think of it as a loss; accept it as the gift that gets you on the path you were meant to…
RT @Julianoliveira8: Let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter: Fear God, and keep his commandments: for this is th… https://t.co/B1sw…
RT @SevenShepherd: "But in vain they do worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men." ~Matthew 15:9 #Jesus #God #Bible
RT @ambassador277: When #God say don't do a thing, it is not a suggestion.
RT @mylovliving: With knowledge, will be easier for us to manage our lives.
RT @pastord365: These things have I spoken unto you, that my joy might remain in you, and that your joy might be full. (John 15:11)
RT @StoningOfSteven: 20 If a man say, I love God, and hateth his brother, he is a liar: for he that loveth not his brother whom he hath see…
RT @PsyLiving: People who spend more money on material items rather than experiences are more likely to be shallow and unhappy.
RT @can2009: We notice how everything comes together - as well as the order of our lives - when we follow #Christ.
RT @ambassador277: If #God wakes you up, don't go back to sleep.
RT @_TheBibleSays_: because we are members of his body.  Ephesians 5:30
RT @thequote: He who knows nothing is closer to the truth than he whose mind is filled with falsehoods and errors. - Thomas Jefferson
RT @DavidRoads: Never give up on the things that make you smile.
RT @GodsMotivations: Search me, God, and know my heart;	test me and know my anxious thoughts.	See if there is any offensive way in me,	and…
RT @livingforjc: The light of Christ will always shine through the darkness.
RT @ArmorOGod: When I think of all the stuff I've been through I have confidence I can get through this. I trust that God will take care of…
RT @DavidRoads: sometimes the smallest things take up the most room in your heart. -Winnie the Pooh
RT @Sports_Greats: I just bring the determination to win. -LeBron James
RT @HealingMB: In the end, what we regret most are the chances we never took.
RT @Sports_HQ: Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence.
RT @StokedDaily: The higher you climb in life, the more people will criticize you. Even at your best, people will still find a problem w/ y…
RT @JFischer3597: Love is not a feeling we have; it's a decision to treat people the way Jesus would treat them.
RT @Inspowerco: Take a chance; because you never know how perfect something can turn out.
RT @FwJesus: For it is by grace you have been saved, through faith-and this not from yourselves, it is the gift of God. -Eph 2:8
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: God is the only one who remains entirely consistent. Do not put your hope in circumstances or people, they can change i…
RT @Quote_Soup: Men are disturbed not by the things that happen, but by their opinion of the things that happen. - Epictetus
RT @Epic_Women: Remember no one can make you feel inferior without your consent. -Eleanor Roosevelt
RT @IIIDeaton: The longer we walked with Satan the more furious he is that we left him for Jesus.  Do not be surprised with intense spiritu…
RT @God_Loved: Have the courage to make the change, the strength to see you through it, and faith that everything will turn out for the bes…
RT @LV_Sports: Difficulties in life are intended to make us better, not bitter. -Dan Reeves
RT @AmazingiGrace: Keep your mind going in the right direction, and your life will catch up with it.
RT @MotivatedLiving: God has perfect timing; never early, never late. It takes a little patience and faith, but it's worth the wait.
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Every single day you should wake up and commit yourself to becoming a better person.
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: You need to get ready and start preparing! Your increase will happen sooner than you think. Suddenly one call, one cont…
RT @JoelOsteen: People don’t determine your destiny. What they say about you doesn’t stop your purpose. The bad breaks, the unfair situatio…
RT @ArmorOGod: Holy Almighty God we pray for law &amp; order, freedom &amp; democracy, &amp; for justice to be upheld in our world. In  Jesus Name. Amen
RT @VictoriaOsteen: Even though something in your life may have caught you by surprise, it didn’t catch God by surprise. His plan for your…
RT @RealTalkKim: For all of those doors that closed on you... you’re walking into a season where you will be able to go back and buy the WH…
RT @MotivatedLiving: Always say what you mean and mean what you say. Express how you feel and don't ever apologize for being real.
RT @ArmorOGod: God is Good
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Retweet if you are thankful for something God has blessed you with today!
RT @Inspire_Us: God loves you more in a moment than anyone could in a lifetime.
RT @RealTalkKim: God is making divine connections in your life that will be big time blessings!
RT @david_thedivine: God is at work IN you 	Though you may not feel it
RT @david_thedivine: God has a plan for you to shine bright💥
RT @david_thedivine: Let God’s word inspire you today!
RT @david_thedivine: The word of God gives life to your dreams, desires and aspirations.  John 6.63
RT @david_thedivine: You Will Not Die Where You Are.
RT @david_thedivine: God Has Another Chapter For You Filled With Favor, Victory and Blessings💜
RT @LadyBeverly01: 💫But they that wait upon the LORD shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; they shall run,…
RT @LadyBeverly01: 🌅Better days are coming. Keep pressing.👏 https://t.co/6sLXvn0mEx
RT @JoyintheSmokys: Humble yourselves in the sight of the Lord, and he shall lift you up. James 4:10
RT @geshepjr: For God has not given us the spirit of fear; but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind.	2 Timothy 1:7
RT @inspiremelounge: I can do all this through him who gives me strength.	Philippians 4:13
RT @inspiremelounge: Since we live by the Spirit, let us keep in step with the Spirit.	Galatians 5:25
RT @geshepjr: Trust in him at all times, you people; pour out your hearts to him, for God is our refuge.	Psalm 62:8
RT @inspiremelounge: God is working for a greater story than you could ever imagine. 💜
RT @david_thedivine: Even During Your Darkest Storms, God Still Has a Plan For You to WIN.
RT @david_thedivine: Don't Lose Your Faith.
RT @TamiAdkins05: The God of peace shall bruise Satan under your feet shortly. The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen.	Romans…
RT @geshepjr: The Lord is close to the brokenhearted and saves those who are crushed in spirit.	Psalm 34:18
RT @david_thedivine: Sometimes, when you only see with your natural eyes, you miss what God is doing by His Spirit. Walk by faith not by si…
RT @geshepjr: "Be still, and know that I am God; I will be exalted among the nations, I will be exalted in the earth."	Psalm 46:10
RT @geshepjr: God is our refuge and strength, an ever-present help in trouble.	Psalm 46:1
RT @david_thedivine: Through Him, all things are possible. There is no obstacle you cannot overcome.
RT @david_thedivine: Your blessings are already on the calendar and no one can change that!
RT @inspiremelounge: So do not fear, for I am with you; do not be dismayed, for I am your God. I will strengthen you and help you; I will u…
RT @rkaindo: Jesus is NOT one of many ways to approach God, nor is He BEST of several ways, HE IS THE ONLY WAY.
RT @geshepjr: Rejoice always,  pray continually, give thanks in all circumstances;for this is God’s will for you in Christ Jesus.	1 Thessal…
RT @JoyintheSmokys: But ye are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, an holy nation, a peculiar people; that ye should shew forth the pr…
RT @david_thedivine: Remain faithful, something is about to TIP in your favor. 	Have a fabulous Day.
RT @david_thedivine: You Are Going To Make It. One Way Or Another.
RT @david_thedivine: So Many Broken Parents Are Building Broken Children😌
RT @david_thedivine: Dear Parent 		Don’t Let Your Mess Become The Foundation Of Your Child’s Life.
RT @david_thedivine: Dear Parent 		If you can’t better yourself for yourself, then better yourself for your kids.
RT @david_thedivine: Your children shouldn’t have to suffer because of your mistakes.
RT @david_thedivine: Don’t be the reason your children have to spend the rest of their life recovering from their childhood.
RT @julesrprecious: Arise, shine; for thy light is come, and the glory of the Lord is risen upon thee.	Isaiah 60:1
RT @BroHaginDaily: God is a Spirit. When He heals, He heals through the spirit. Being healed by the power of God is being healed by the Spi…
RT @david_thedivine: Dear Sis 		Stand Up For Your Children!
RT @david_thedivine: The Lord is close to the brokenhearted and saves those who are crushed in spirit.		Psalm 34:18
RT @david_thedivine: Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, the new creation has come: The old has gone, the new is here!		2 Corinthians 5:17
RT @david_thedivine: The Lord watches over you— the Lord is your shade at your right hand. 		Psalm 121:5
RT @david_thedivine: And surely I am with you always, to the very end of the age.		Matthew 28:20b
RT @JessicaDrown: Fear not little flock; for it is the father‘s good pleasure to give you the Kingdom. 🐑		- Luke 12:32
RT @julesrprecious: But he giveth more grace. Wherefore he saith, God resisteth the proud, but giveth grace unto the humble.	James 4:6
RT @david_thedivine: Don't be afraid, for I am with you. Don't be discouraged, for I am your God. I will strengthen you and help you. 		Isa…
RT @david_thedivine: May He grant your heart's desires and make all your plans succeed. 		Psalm 20:4
RT @david_thedivine: Trust in the Lord and do good. Then you will live safely in the land and prosper. Psalm 37:3
RT @david_thedivine: Though they stumble, they will never fall, for the Lord holds them by the hand. 		Psalm 37:24
RT @david_thedivine: I will go before you and make the crooked places straight. 		 Isaiah 45:2
RT @david_thedivine: God Says 		I am the LORD, and I do not change.       Malachi 3:6
RT @david_thedivine: Truly my soul finds rest in GOD; my salvation comes from HIM.  		Psalm 62:1
RT @david_thedivine: What, then, shall we say in response to these things? If God is for us, who can be against us? 		Romans 8:31
RT @david_thedivine: You will keep in perfect peace those whose minds are steadfast, because they trust in you. 		Isaiah 26:3
RT @bojosigamontle: The perverse stir up dissension, and gossips separate close friends. - Proverbs 16:28
RT @david_thedivine: Faith Proclamation		I declare that my life is a celebration of unending victories, testimonies and divine health as I…
RT @david_thedivine: When GOD approves of your life, even your enemies will end up shaking your hand.	Proverbs 16:7 MSG
RT @david_thedivine: The Lord bless you and make you well today❤️
RT @JoyintheSmokys: Thou wilt shew me the path of life: in thy presence is fulness of joy; at thy right hand there are pleasures for evermo…
RT @david_thedivine: The LORD will keep you from all harm-He will watch over your life, the LORD will watch over your coming and going, bot…
RT @julesrprecious: And all things, whatsoever ye shall ask in prayer, believing, ye shall receive.	Matthew 21:22
RT @julesrprecious: The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit: a broken and a contrite heart, O God, thou wilt not despise. 	Ps. 51:17
RT @julesrprecious: So mightily grew the word of God and prevailed.	Acts 19:20
RT @doucefeline: So I will ✔️RESTORE to you the years that the swarming [a]locust has eaten,	The crawling locust,	The consuming locust,	And…
RT @david_thedivine: Fear not... for it is your Father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom. 		Luke 12.32
RT @david_thedivine: Then Jesus said, "Did I not tell you that if you believed, you would see the glory of God?		John 11:40
RT @BroHaginDaily: Give your cares to the Lord. They are too heavy for you to bear, but they are not too heavy for Him.
RT @BroHaginDaily: God will work on your problems even while you are sleeping. He never slumbers or sleeps (Ps. 121:3-4). You need to sleep…
RT @david_thedivine: Now may the Lord of peace himself give you peace at all times in every way. The Lord be with you all.  2 Thess 3:16
RT @david_thedivine: I know that you can do all things, and that no purpose of yours can be thwarted. 		Job 42:2
RT @julesrprecious: The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen.	1 Thessalonians 5:28
RT @julesrprecious: Faithful is he that calleth you, who also will do it.	1 Thessalonians 5:24
RT @julesrprecious: And the very God of peace sanctify you wholly; and I pray God your whole spirit and soul and body be preserved blameles…
RT @julesrprecious: Abstain from all appearance of evil.	1 Thessalonians 5:22
RT @julesrprecious: Quench not the Spirit.  Despise not prophesyings.  Prove all things; hold fast that which is good.	1 Thessalonians 5:19…
@david_thedivine Hallelujah!
RT @david_thedivine: God created you to shine, to make a difference, to leave your mark. You matter !!!
RT @david_thedivine: The creator of the heavens and the earth knows you by name. You are loved. #Rest
RT @david_thedivine: Don’t wait for extraordinary opportunities…. Seize common occassions and make them Great!
RT @david_thedivine: Look Beyond What it looks like.	Walk by faith.
RT @david_thedivine: Jesus prayed 		Sanctify them in the truth; your word is truth.		John 17:17
RT @david_thedivine: For in him the whole fullness of deity dwells bodily  		Colossians 2:9
RT @david_thedivine: Jesus said to her		I am the resurrection and the life. Whoever believes in me, though he die, yet shall he live		John…
RT @david_thedivine: I am the LORD, who made all things, who alone stretched out the heavens, who spread out the earth by myself		Isaiah 44…
RT @david_thedivine: I am the LORD and besides me there is no savior.  		Isaiah 43:11
RT @david_thedivine: God Says 		Fear not, for I have redeemed you; I have called you by name, you are mine. Isaiah 43:1
RT @david_thedivine: Therefore, my brothers, whom I love and long for, my joy and crown, stand firm thus in the Lord, my beloved.  		Philip…
RT @david_thedivine: The Lord is faithful. He will establish you and guard you against the evil one.  		2 Thessalonians 3:3
RT @LenaHTroy: God is love.
RT @ReapSow111: God is in control all the time.
RT @can2009: We need to release The Power - from within and take back our children from the clutches of the evil one!
RT @Godly_Life: Blessed are the merciful, for they will be shown mercy. -Matt 5:7
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Be strong now because things will get better. It might be stormy now, but it can't rain forever.
RT @InspowerMinds: Never expect. Never assume. Never ask. Never demand. Just let it be, if it's meant to be... it will happen.
RT @MotivatedLiving: The people who truly matter will never turn their back on you through the hardest times. Forget the people who do. You…
RT @ArmorOGod: God cares about everything that concerns you, so feel free to talk to Him about anything.
RT @Inspire_Us: Everyone you meet has something to teach you.
RT @ohteenquotes: "I wonder if I've already met the person I am going to marry..."
RT @PastorJohnHagee: Love is not put in your heart to stay. Love is not love until you give it away.
RT @Independent: A teacher asked her pupils to 'tell her a joke' - this student's response is epic https://t.co/n0LL3dWTe1
RT @Sports_HQ: Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming. -John Wooden
RT @ChristianInst: 1 Peter 1:3 	Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ! According to his great mercy, he has caused us to b…
RT @can2009: Once I used to talk about #God. Now I can say I know Him.
RT @LivPsy: The most basic and powerful way to connect to another person is to listen. Just listen. Perhaps the most important thing we eve…
RT @lyfetreker: Sex was created by God to be intimately cherished within the sacred union of a marriage between one MAN and one WOMAN.	If y…
RT @_TheBibleSays_: Then Boaz said, “When you acquire the field from Naomi, you must also acquire Ruth the Moabite, the wife of our decease…
RT @TBJoshuaEspanol: El Profeta T.B. Joshua está ahora en el altar ministrando la Palabra de Dios del trono de gracia. Abre tu corazón a la…
RT @SandiHKaye: “Finally, brethren-whatsoever things are true-whatsoever things are honest-whatsoever things are just-whatsoever things are…
RT @StokedDaily: Grow stronger from the pain, don't let it destroy you.
RT @Inspowerco: Don't let anyone tell you there's something you can't do. If you have a dream, protect it. If you want something, go get it.
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Just because you can't see the air doesn't mean you stop breathing. And just because you can't see God doesn't mean yo…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Prophet T.B Joshua is right now on the altar ministering God's Word from the throne of Grace. Open your heart to God's f…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: All prayer saints have spent hours everyday in prayer.	This means prayer is a lifestyle to them.	Is prayer a lifestyle t…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: What is prayer? Prayer is a relationship that exists between God and His children, Christians and believers.
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: God’s Spirit in our heart enables us to cry naturally, “Abba Father”. Galatians 4:6
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: What is the greatest achievement on earth? 	"As for me and my household, the greatest achievement on earth is to pray as…
RT @ohteenquotes: Never say things you don't mean, just because you're angry.
RT @ChristianInst: The judgement of the Lord is near. 		Rev 18: 8Therefore her plagues will come in one day—death and misery and famine—and…
RT @speedprayers: LORD THY WILL BE DONE ON EARTH AS IT IS IN HEAVEN IN JESUS NAME AMEN✝️✝️✝️✝️✝️✝️✝️✝️✝️✝️✝️✝️✝️
RT @WomanDoItAll: The meaning of life is to give life a meaning.
RT @Lasting_Things: Faith is the fuel that powers prayer,hope is the ladder we use to climb up from the depths of despair...
RT @LV_Sports: When God is with you, who can be against you? -Ray Lewis
RT @can2009: #Christ has great compassion for all mankind.
RT @DrAndrewFarley: God has called us to fixate on one thing alone–not our sins, not our performance, but Jesus. #Jesusplusnothing
RT @FwJesus: Sometimes God removes things from our lives for our own protection. Trust in Him.
RT @wcorkschoolboys: BEST OF LUCK to the WCSL U13 and U15 squads who are in @SubwayROI @SFAIreland Munster Championship Inter-League action…
RT @TalbertSwan: This is America. 		Coral Springs police officer repeatedly punches a 14-year-old black girl because he’s upset that she wa…
RT @NickiPlayhouse_: This is a Ryanair flight from Barcelona to London the racist old man didn’t not want to sit next to this elderly woman…
RT @PGanyer: The greatest love story ever told was told from the cross.
RT @marshahorn66: If God is for us, who can be against us? He who did not spare His own Son, but delivered Him up for us all, how shall He…
RT @Sports_Greats: Some people dream of success... others stay awake to achieve it. -Unknown
RT @Carole77777: Finally, brethren, whatever things are true, whatever things are noble, whatever things are just, whatever things are pure…
RT @CSLewisDaily: “When I became a man I put away childish things, including the fear of childishness and the desire to be very grown up.”…
RT @ambassador277: When #God's Warriors go down on their knees, the battle is not over. Its just begun. BE BOLD - in the name of the Lord!
RT @_TheBibleSays_: How blessed is the one who does not follow the advice of the wicked, or stand in the pathway with sinners,or sit in the…
RT @Marvel0usJesus: Your word I have hidden in my heart that I might not sin against You.	Psalm 119:11
RT @BookOProverbs: I will never doubt that God has gotten me though every hard moment in my life.
RT @can2009: #God wants you to be happy!
RT @Scripture_Truth: I believe in the sun even if it isn't shining.  I believe in love even when I am alone.  I believe in God even when He…
RT @ChristianInst: Catholic Church: The "loudest opponent" of Italy's "anti-migrant" policy https://t.co/mvHb6kY2gY via @jihadwatchRS
RT @MarioM_777: Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away.	Matthew 24:35 KJV	https://t.co/0tmHDUEP9I
RT @janlovesword: It is written that earth will be filled with the knowledge of God's glory. And He is no liar. He sent the Spirit of Truth…
RT @geshepjr: The Son of Man came to seek and to save the lost.	 Luke 19:10
RT @CBNNews: “For God so loved the world, that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal #life.…
RT @DrDeniseMD: Daily To-do list;		- Just breathe	- Count blessings	- Practice kindness	- Be productive yet calm	- Let go of what you can't…
RT @ohteenquotes: Sometimes the best way to be happy is to learn to let go of things you tried so hard to hold on to that are no longer goo…
RT @ourdailybread: We're not perfect, but we're loved.
RT @can2009: When your good deeds speak for themselves, don't you interrupt them. Satan will try to do that for you. Stay focused on #Chris…
RT @MinLeeRice: We can seem like misfits in the world. But in #Christ, we find life in abundance in the Lord's harvest. The answer is in th…
RT @beyond_thecross: God never leads us where He cannot keep us. His grace is always sufficient for us in any and every circumstance of lif…
RT @LordJesus111: I ❤️Jesus 	 I ❤️Jesus 	 I ❤️Jesus 	 I ❤️Jesus 	 I ❤️Jesus 	 I ❤️Jesus 	 I ❤️Jesus 	 I ❤️Jesus 	 I ❤️Jesus 	 I ❤️Jesus 	 I…
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Accept what is, let go of what was, have faith in what will be.
RT @CBNNews: If we confess our sins, he is #faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.	1 John 1:9…
RT @Scripture_Truth: Keep falsehood &amp; lies far from me; give me neither poverty nor riches, but give me only my daily bread. -Proverbs 30:8
RT @MotivatedLiving: Life stops when you stop dreaming. Hope ends when you stop believing. Love ends when you stop caring. Friendship ends…
RT @beyond_thecross: Patience is not the ability to wait, but how you act while you're waiting.
RT @Quote_Soup: It's important to learn to laugh at ourselves, don't take life too seriously. - Geri Halliwell
RT @MinLeeRice: If U R Dealing with a Fool - God is Not Going 2 Change a Fool unless they R willing 2 be Change - But God will Change U 2 d…
RT @Inspire_Us: Accept what is, let go of what was and have faith in what could be.
RT @ChristineCaine: Prayer doesn’t only move God, prayer changes us as well!		Do not conform to the pattern of this world, but be transform…
RT @ArmorOGod: Pray that we may be given a hunger &amp; burning desire to fellowship more closely with Jesus
RT @Godly_Life: When fear comes knocking at your door, you must answer it with faith. Nothing else is effective against it.
RT @Inspowerco: When you want to succeed as bad as you want your next breath, then you will be successful.
RT @Bible_Time: If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just and will forgive us our sins and purify us from all unrighteousness. -1John…
RT @ToddTrotter3: But love your enemies, do good to them, and lend to them without expecting to get anything back. Then your reward will be…
RT @PastorJohnHagee: Weakness pouts. Weakness whines. Weakness complains. Weakness justifies and rationalizes. But strength apologizes beca…
RT @Quote_Soup: Be positive, patient and persistent.
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Believe in yourself even when no one else does. If someone tells you that you can't do it, prove them wrong.
RT @Inspowerco: Struggles are required in order to survive in life, because in order to stand up, you gotta know what falling down is like.
RT @Scripture_Truth: For it is by grace you have been saved, through faith; and this is not from yourselves, it is the gift of God; -Ephesi…
RT @MotivatedLiving: When you're tired, draw strength from God. When you're speechless, talk to God. When you're lonely, there is God.
RT @ArmorOGod: If you want to give the devil a nervous breakdown, get up every day and be as happy as you can possibly be!
RT @Inspire_Us: Successful people are not gifted; they just work hard, then succeed on purpose. - G.K. Nielson
RT @Godly_Life: Happy moments: Praise God		Difficult moments: Seek God		Quiet moments: Worship God		Difficult moments: Trust God		Every mom…
RT @GodsMotivations: No temptation has overtaken you except what is common to mankind. And God is faithful; he will not let you be tempted…
RT @FamousWomen: No matter how much you care, some people just don't care back.
RT @PastorJohnHagee: Satan knows the Word of God backward and forwards. If He twisted it with Jesus Christ, he will undoubtedly twist it wi…
RT @ShaifiLifeCoach: When healthy fat is consumed, it sets off the release of cholecystokinin (CCK)  and the gut hormone peptide YY (PYY).…
RT @ShaifiLifeCoach: Lemon juice protects the body from Immune system deficiencies. Drinking lemon juice with warm water every morning help…
RT @ShaifiLifeCoach: Eating does not make you fat, eating bad food does. Know the difference. https://t.co/eAXRjVeLCA
RT @PBeloved77: A thousand times I’ve failed,	Still Your mercy remains 	And should I stumble again	I’m caught in Your grace......	#JESUSmyO…
RT @TerryannScott: Things happen for a reason &amp; even though some situations are designed to take you out, God has the final say. When u are…
RT @TerryannScott: Be anxious for nothing but in everything give thanks. There is nothing like finding peace &amp; rest from all your troubles…
RT @WomenOfHistory: A women needs a man with real intentions. Not a boy who can't pay attention.
RT @Scripture_Truth: Jesus replied: Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind. -Matthew 22:37
RT @StokedDaily: Maturity is when you have the perfect opportunity to seek revenge on someone who has hurt you and you let the moment cease…
RT @FamousWomen: You may not be there yet, but you're closer than you were yesterday.
RT @Epic_Women: You are GOOD enough, SMART enough, BEAUTIFUL enough, and STRONG enough. Believe it and never let insecurity run your life.
RT @cindytrimm: May every moment of ur life b filled with happiness peace &amp; success! May the heavens be opened over u! May all God's plans…
RT @Bible_Time: So, I tell you, whatever you ask for in prayer, believe, that you have received it, &amp; it will be yours. -Mark 11:24
RT @AmazingiGrace: Change begins at the end of your comfort zone.
RT @ArmorOGod: When you have doubts and questions, choose to say Lord, "I believe. I may not always understand, but I trust you."
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Dreams won't come looking for you. That's why you have to chase them. Pursue them until they become reality, then hold…
RT @MotivatedLiving: When you focus on problems, you'll have more problems. When you focus on possibilities, you'll have more opportunities.
RT @God_Loved: God has you in the palm of His hand. He knows every need, every struggle &amp; every desire. He has it all figured out…He's a su…
RT @FamousWomen: Whatever makes you mad, leave it. Whatever makes you smile, keep it.
RT @ToddTrotter3: Good Morning 		Psalms 112:1		"Praise the LORD! Blessed is the man who fears the LORD, who greatly delights in his command…
RT @Quote_Soup: The best way to predict the future is to create it.
RT @Inspire_Us: For attractive lips, speak words of kindness. For lovely eyes, seek out the good in people. -Audrey Hepburn
RT @Inspowerco: Start every day with a new hope, leave bad memories behind and have faith for a better tomorrow.
RT @PastorJohnHagee: Conscience is a force that must be reckoned with. Conscience is like a beach ball being held under water; sooner or la…
RT @GodsMotivations: Even though I walk	through the darkest valley,	I will fear no evil,	for you are with me;	your rod and your staff,	they…
RT @ArmorOGod: Don't let negative pictures play on the movie screen of your mind. You own the remote control. All you have to do is change…
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Do not let the devil steal your joy. Recognize the enemy devices; he has the same old tricks. Put him where he belongs…
RT @rachel7remnant: Romans 1:24-25 - Therefore God gave them over in the evil desires of their hearts to impurity, to dishonor their bodies…
RT @sues3jewels: Anger and unforgiveness stimulate bad chemicals. Forgiveness and happiness stimulate healing chemicals. You choose!
RT @HistoryoSport: Keep your goals out of reach, but not out of sight.
RT @HLERadio: You make a choice who you will serve...God or satan!
RT @livingforjc: Jesus didn’t debate Scripture with the devil, He simply spoke the truth.
RT @SevenShepherd: "So the devils besought him, saying, If thou cast us out, suffer us to go away into the herd of swine." ~Matthew 8:31 #J…
RT @SevenShepherd: "And they that kept them fled, and went their ways into the city, and told every thing, and what was befallen to the pos…
RT @nanwanjie777: for in him we live, and move, and have our being; as certain even of your own poets have said, For we are also His offspr…
RT @dailyspurgeon: May God grant us the power of Paul, that we may reason on appropriate subjects, and not select generalities, when we oug…
RT @sports_grit: I do it because I can. I can because I want to. I want to because you said I couldn't.
RT @ChristianInst: Ephesians 2:8-9 	For by grace you have been saved through faith. And this is not your own doing; it is the gift of God,…
RT @TimBurt: The world is full of discouragement. Gain strength from God. 1 Cor 16:13 "Be on guard. Stand firm in the faith. Be courageous.…
RT @LivPsy: Being sarcastic on a regular basis can add up to 3 yrs to your life. Sarcasm is extremely healthy for the mind.
RT @StokedDaily: Acts of kindness come in many forms. A moment of kindness &amp; generosity is felt for a lifetime. Please be kind. This world…
RT @SevenShepherd: "Again, the kingdom of heaven is like unto treasure hid in a field; the which when a man hath found, he hideth, and for…
RT @HealingMB: Don't let the drama, stress, and craziness of this world distract you from the beauty, bliss, and love that exists everywher…
RT @SevenShepherd: "The enemy that sowed them is the devil; the harvest is the end of the world; and the reapers are the angels." ~Matthew…
RT @kristia101: For I know that my redeemer lives. 	~Job 19:25 https://t.co/FpVTmHMJS5
RT @HealingMB: Switch your mentality from “I’m broken and helpless” to “I’m growing and healing” and watch how your life changes, for the b…
RT @ChristianInst: Romans 6:23 	For the wages of sin is death, but the free gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord.		#TeamJes…
RT @DebKates: Be Careful, Be Quiet, Do NOT Fear! Do NOT LET Ur Heart Be Faint Because of These Two Smoldering Stumps of Firebrands &amp; Their…
RT @ValleyGirl1229: May the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be pleasing in your sight, O Lord, my Rock and my Redeemer.		—…
RT @sues3jewels: “I consider your prophecies to be my greatest treasure, and I memorize them and write them on my heart to keep me from com…
RT @IyanlaVanzant: We will not attract better or do more until we respect and appreciate what we have now.
RT @risenhopemin: He gives strength to the weary, And to him who lacks might He increases power. Is. 40:29 Just remember that God's strengt…
RT @LivPsy: Think deeply.	Speak gently.	Love lots.	Laugh often.	Work hard.	Give freely.	Expect little.	Be kind.	Stay honest.	Keep it real.…
RT @JFischer3597: The things we think about, focus on, and surround ourselves with will shape who we become.
RT @HealingMB: I know you’ve been doubting your progress, regretting your choices, putting yourself down. Please Remember that you are doin…
RT @IyanlaVanzant: Every experience in our lives was spoken into existence. When you have nothing good to say, say nothing.
RT @_TheBibleSays_: and said to him, “Do you hear what they are saying?” Jesus said to them, “Yes. Have you never read, ‘Out of the mo... M…
RT @ambassador277: When the Word of #God becomes personal to you, #God's Word will never disappoint you.
RT @MinLeeRice: Sometimes the greatest danger to us is not what's in the world but whats in our hearts.
RT @StokedDaily: Happiness is a choice, not a result. Nothing will make you happy until you choose to be happy.
RT @LivPsy: Sometimes you have to do what's best for you and your life, not what's best for everybody else.
RT @ArmorOGod: Always try your best, even if you fail keep trying. God sees your work, your passion and persistence.
RT @ChristianInst: James 1:17 	Every good gift and every perfect gift is from above, coming down from the Father of lights with whom there…
RT @Blessttt: “For whosoever shall call upon the name of the #Lord shall be saved.” 		Romans 10:13 (KJV)	#CallOutToJesus https://t.co/WfMyP…
RT @JW_Branding: But I will Sing of your Strength , I will Sing Aloud of your Steadfast Love in the Morning 	Amen https://t.co/JecZrQ82kT
RT @mj_lee: Breaking: Michael Cohen tells me American people must head to the polls and vote against Trump, predicting that if they did not…
RT @A_J_Christ: ✝️	When the disciples heard this, they were very astonished n said, “Then who can be saved?” N looking at them Jesus said t…
RT @SevenShepherd: "And when he had sent the multitudes away, he went up into a mountain apart to pray: and when the evening was come, he w…
RT @SportsReset: You don't win once in a while, you don't do things right once in a while, you do them right all the time. Winning is habit…
RT @BrianMonzon: If you’re reading this,you have been blessed by God this morning to be awakened. Can we give God some praise!  It doesn’t…
RT @PsyLiving: Psychological Fact - It takes one minute to make someone's day, and one word to destroy someone's life.
RT @PsyLiving: Happiness is actually contagious. When you're positive, people are naturally drawn to you.
RT @ToddTrotter3: And we know that in all things God works for the good of those who love him, who have been called according to his purpos…
RT @IIIDeaton: Satan suffers an enormous defeat when we customize our Smart phones and delete his world to " seek ye first the kingdom of G…
RT @Inspire_Us: There is only one rule for being a good talker -- learn to listen.
RT @God_Loved: Know that you are not alone. The Lord understands what you're going through and has promised to be with you in every trial o…
RT @ohteenquotes: Never chase anyone.
RT @schemlim: "Time in prayer is not time wasted, it's time invested" - MM https://t.co/QCoOLx879r
RT @schemlim: "If your relationship with God is not right, no human relationship will fill your emptiness"-SL
RT @schemlim: Jesus called out to them "Come, follow me, and I will show you how to fish for people!" Matthew4:19 https://t.co/JaW1zganSu
RT @schemlim: "If you would know how powerful words are, you would never speak negative again"-SL	#MyThoughtsToPonder	#Revelation	#Gen1:3 h…
RT @schemlim: "You can't out-give God"-SL	#MyThoughtsToPonder	#2Cor9 https://t.co/4OxntV7ybs
RT @schemlim: "It's not real sacrifice until it cost your life" -SL  	#MyThoughtsToPonder	#Romans12 https://t.co/67Ev5o6csJ
RT @schemlim: Your present choices&amp;decisions will make an impact about your evrything in d future.Choose not just good decisions but best&amp;r…
RT @schemlim: "In the Kingdom of God, the currency is Faith. Your faith will give you access for everything"- SL https://t.co/H7YDVMeEkc
RT @schemlim: "If you would know how powerful thoughts are, you would never think negative again" -SL	#Phil4:8 https://t.co/9bcrNZeJ9k
RT @schemlim: "God is getting ready to shift so many things in your favor"-SL	#Psalms5:12 https://t.co/9sp02gk7ze
RT @schemlim: "Forgive them, who had hurt you and more than that, forgive yourself for allowing them to hurt you" -SL	#Eph4:32	#Forgiveness…
RT @schemlim: "True leader is motivated by vision, driven by passion and not by emotion."-SL		#mywordfortoday	#Proverbs29:18 https://t.co/I…
RT @schemlim: "In the end, we will only regret the chances we didn't take"-SL	#Faithfulness	#Righteousness	#Patience/Endurance https://t.co…
RT @schemlim: "Don't wallow in self-pity&amp;never be discouraged when other's paths r easier than yours.They aren't training 4 greatness the w…
RT @schemlim: “God’s greatest promise to you is also His greatest test to you”.SL	#Gen22	#ThePromise	#TheSacrifice https://t.co/ulurxKvYPK
RT @schemlim: “The only person that can make you the happiest human being is none other than yourself”.-SL https://t.co/lWwpxTm15C
RT @schemlim: “Healing starts in the mind”-SL https://t.co/rP42sxOGmE
RT @schemlim: “...your difficulty is the key to your great destiny”.-SL	#MyThoughtsToPonder https://t.co/uB3nWMF3LG
RT @schemlim: “If you do nothing today, that is exactly what you will get and who you will be tommorow”.-SL https://t.co/6dR5pbDz35
RT @schemlim: “Passion is doing ordinary things in extraordinary ways”.-SL https://t.co/L2Mk7RrMdn
RT @schemlim: “The Love of God to you is non-negotiable” -Schem Lim	#TheBlood	#TheCross	#TheLove https://t.co/72Rg4oniF2
RT @schemlim: “Regardless of the economy of the jungle, it’s impossible that a lion eat grass, it’s not pride, it’s Who I Am”- Schem Lim ht…
RT @schemlim: “The harvest is in God’s hands but the seed is in our hands” - @schemlim https://t.co/DY1ZfJr8Ue
RT @schemlim: “Hello world! Yes, there will be a better you, because I’m coming for you” -@schemlim https://t.co/ShfqqE06jI
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Whenever you feel weak, remember the things that made you strong; whenever you start to doubt yourself, remember those…
RT @Quote_Soup: Nobody really cares if you're miserable, so you might as well be happy. -Anonymous
RT @GodsMotivations: Therefore, I urge you, brothers and sisters, in view of God’s mercy, to offer your bodies as a living sacrifice, holy…
RT @Inspowerco: Don't give up just because things are hard.
RT @FamousWomen: In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take.
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: I believe you can achieve whatever you have  envisioned for your life! God will empower you to go the distance, to neve…
RT @PastorJohnHagee: Forgiveness is possible. It’s a new beginning. It is a fresh start. The biggest question in life is not what a man can…
RT @God_Loved: You have to get your mind going in a new direction because dwelling on negative thoughts will keep you from becoming all God…
RT @The_Gospels: Selfishness is weakness. But loving and caring for others is a position of power beyond anything we can possibly imagine.
RT @ArmorOGod: Self-restraint &amp; gentle speech are effective against stubborn opposition.
RT @Inspire_Us: No color, no religion, no nationality should come between us, we are all children of God. - Mother Teresa
RT @Quote_Soup: Finish each day &amp; be done with it. You have done what you could. Learn from it; tomorrow is a new day. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: It is not over! Stop preparing for your funeral and start planning for your breakthrough! You have work to do. Greater…
RT @GodsMotivations: Do everything without grumbling or arguing, so that you may become blameless and pure, children of God without fault i…
RT @AmazingiGrace: No matter how things look, know that God is still in control. Stay in peace, knowing that He will always be with you.
RT @marvinsapp: #MarvinsMotivationalMoment #MirrorTalk #EmojiEncouragement #CommandYourDay #HaveAFabulousFriday #BeAmazing https://t.co/aMx…
RT @FaithReeI: And thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thine heart, &amp; with all thy soul, &amp; with all thy might. -Deut 6:5
RT @PastorJohnHagee: You have not practiced forgiveness until you have practiced forgiveness for someone who doesn’t love you.
RT @JoelOsteen: God chose you because He knew you could handle it. You have the courage, strength, anointing, and favor. You’re not weak or…
RT @A_J_Christ: ✝️	This is the confidence which we have before Him, that, if we ask anything according to His will, He hears us. 1John 5:14…
RT @Creationtips: ABORTION: Not so pro-choice when the baby isn't given a choice.
RT @ambassador277: The world sees only what you do, #God sees why you do it.
RT @CBNNews: I have told you these things, so that in me you may have peace. In this #world you will have trouble. But take heart! I have o…
RT @Inspowerco: Life is not about who hurt you and broke you down. It's about who was always there and who made you smile again.
RT @Inspire_Us: Can you remember who you were before the world told you who you should be?
RT @Epic_Women: Every girl deserves a guy that can make her heart forget that it was ever broken.
RT @Saintly_Life: Surely God is my salvation; I will trust &amp; not be afraid. -Isa 12:2
RT @Bible_Time: Take my yoke upon you &amp; learn from me, for I am gentle &amp; humble in heart, &amp; you will find rest for your souls. -Matthew 11:…
RT @Sports_Greats: Train insane or remain the same.
RT @can2009: You have the most powerful force in the universe guiding you. People can't stop you. Tough times can't stop you.
RT @Inspowerco: You deserve to be happy. You deserve to live a life you are excited about. Don't let others make you forget that.
RT @l_Love_Sports: Pain is weakness leaving the body. -Ashley
RT @MotivatedLiving: Obstacles can't stop you, problems can't stop you, and most of all, other people can't stop you. The only one who stop…
RT @Marvel0usJesus: Jesus asked him saying “What do you want Me to do for you?”		He said “Lord, that I may receive my sight.”		Then Jesus s…
RT @StokedDaily: To make a difference in someone's life, you don't have to be brilliant, rich, beautiful, or perfect. You just have to care.
RT @Epic_Women: Don't let your fear of the past affect the outlook of your future. Live for what tomorrow has to bring, not what yesterday…
RT @LV_Sports: Body of an athlete, knees and ankles of a 90 year old.
RT @LifeLimits: Your failure does not define you, your determination does.
RT @PrayInFaith: Remaining calm in adversity is a sign of great spiritual strength. No matter what's going on in your life right now, "Hold…
RT @GodsMotivations: Therefore, since we have these promises, dear friends, let us purify ourselves from everything that contaminates body…
RT @PastorJohnHagee: He that heareth is in vain. It only matters if we do the Will and the Word of God.
RT @Tweets2Motivate: When you want to succeed as bad as you want your next breath, then you will be successful.
RT @Inspire_Us: You don't need a reason to help people.
RT @Scripture_Truth: God is able to provide you with every blessing in abundance. -2Corinthians 9.8
RT @God_Loved: Give God your problems and allow Him to give you solutions.
RT @Quote_Soup: The strongest people are not those who show strength in front of us, but those who win battles we know nothing about.
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: If we just open our eyes and look around, we will see that God is at work EVERYWHERE. We are living in miracle days. Th…
RT @SevenShepherd: "For the scripture saith unto Pharaoh, Even for this same purpose have I raised thee up, that I might shew my power in t…
RT @PhilHopper: Therefore be patient, brethren, until the coming of the Lord.		- James 5:7
RT @SevenShepherd: "Therefore hath he mercy on whom he will have mercy, and whom he will he hardeneth." ~Romans 9:18 #Jesus #God #Bible
RT @can2009: "The enemy will always try to entice you to doubt #God."
RT @bobgoff: Grace is only hard to give if we’re keeping score.
RT @can2009: We must make time for #God and give Him first place in our lives.
RT @SevenShepherd: "So then it is not of him that willeth, nor of him that runneth, but of God that sheweth mercy." ~Romans 9:16 #Jesus #Go…
RT @SevenShepherd: "For he saith to Moses, I will have mercy on whom I will have mercy, and I will have compassion on whom I will have comp…
RT @lyfetreker: .               MY JESUS 	In life’s valley help me to know you’re near.	When the waters rage help me to not be afraid.	When…
RT @LifeLimits: In the book of life, the answers aren't in the back.
RT @God_Loved: So if the son sets you free, you will be free indeed. -John 8:36
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Stay strong, be positive. We all struggle sometimes.
RT @PsyLiving: Don't cry over the past, it's gone. Don't stress about the future, it hasn't arrived. Live in the present and make it beauti…
RT @ambassador277: Learn how to think out-of-the-box. Don't try to follow other folks. Follow #Christ #Jesus!
RT @Sports_Greats: Don't stop when it hurts, stop when you're done!
RT @PsyLiving: Sometimes you have to walk away from people, not because you don't care, but because they don't.
RT @MinLeeRice: The more we depend on #God, the more fruit we will bear.
RT @cjay_greene: Stay true to your principles and never compromise. Your stronger than that! Never feel less about your convictions because…
RT @lyfetreker: Psalms 34:18 | KJV 	The LORD is nigh unto them that are of a broken heart; and saveth such as be of a contrite spirit.
RT @StokedDaily: The people in your life should be a source of reducing stress not causing more of it. Be sure to surround yourself w/ posi…
RT @PrayInFaith: Be grateful for everything you have received in your life. Good and bad it's all brought you to Jesus!
RT @Saintly_Life: When the Bible says "watch and pray" it doesn't mean "watch and criticize," "watch and gossip" or "watch and judge."
RT @Marvel0usJesus: Likewise the Spirit also helps in our weaknesses. For we do not know what we should pray for as we ought, but the Spiri…
RT @Godly_Life: Frustration, complication, and misery are available in abundance, but so is God's grace.
RT @PastorJohnHagee: The Bible gives a firm directive about forgiving love (Matthew 6:14 &amp; 15; 1 John 4:7&amp;8).
RT @Inspowerco: People will hate you, rate you, break you and shake you. How strong you stand is what makes you.
RT @Tweets2Motivate: If you don't fight for what you want, then don't cry for what you lost.
RT @MotivatedLiving: A person who really wants something will find a way. A person who does not will find an excuse.
RT @BrookeLynnBooks: “You keep him in perfect peace whose mind is stayed on you, because he trusts in you.” 	(Isaiah 26:3) #peace #love htt…
RT @can2009: We then that are strong ought to bear the infirmities of the weak, and not to please ourselves. (Rm 15:1)
RT @LV_Sports: Strength doesn't come from what you can do. It comes from overcoming the things you once thought you couldn't.
RT @SevenShepherd: "That ye may with one mind and one mouth glorify God, even the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ." ~Romans 15:6 #Jesus #Go…
RT @geshepjr: Cast your burden on the Lord,	And He shall sustain you .	Psalm 55:22
RT @marvinsapp: #MarvinsMotivationalMoment #MirrorTalk #PersonalIndepenceDay #ReadNReflect #NewSeason4You #CommandYourDay #BeAmazing https:…
RT @marvinsapp: #MarvinsMotivationalMoment #MirrorTalk #YouHaveWhatYouNeed #CommandYourDay #BeAmazing https://t.co/PxpOZ3F1vE
RT @marvinsapp: https://t.co/BqgpTjNG2D
RT @marvinsapp: https://t.co/maZwBLXbEi
RT @SevenShepherd: "I have therefore whereof I may glory through Jesus Christ in those things which pertain to God." ~Romans 15:17 #Jesus #…
RT @SevenShepherd: "For I will not dare to speak of any of those things which Christ hath not wrought by me, to make the Gentiles obedient,…
RT @lnspireMeNow: You are where you're supposed to be at this very moment. Every experience is part of God's divine plan.
RT @PastorMattHagee: Anytime our will is exalted above God’s will, our will has become a false god.
RT @Sports_HQ: Sports is the toy department of life. -Jimmy Cannon
RT @TheJesusNation: Being a Christian doesn’t mean I’m perfect, just FORGIVEN!
RT @BookOProverbs: Faith is having a positive attitude about what you can do and not worrying at all about what you can't do.
RT @ArmorOGod: You always have a place to run to, always. The place is GOD.
RT @can2009: #God is #1 and everything else comes after.
RT @can2009: How many people can remember tomorrow?  #God can!
RT @MindBHealing: Life is about moving on, accepting changes and looking forward to what makes you stronger and more complete.
RT @ambassador277: Adversity strengthens us for #God's service.  We grow by overcoming our weaknesses.
RT @GODs_Graces: God enters by a private door into each individual.  -Ralph Waldo Emerson
RT @LifeLimits: A simple hello could lead to a million things. :)
RT @can2009: I may not be perfect when #Christ comes back, but I want to be further along then I am today.  #God wants us to grow spiritual…
RT @AmazingiGrace: I know that God will give you whatever you ask of him. -John 11.22.
RT @Scripture_Truth: Nothing completely covered will remain covered and nothing hidden will remain unknown. -Luke 12:2
RT @Epic_Women: You can forget what hurt you in the past, just never forget what it taught you.
RT @l_Love_Sports: Before you can win, you have to believe you are worthy. -Mike Ditka
RT @RealTalkKim: The sooner you let go of what they did, the quicker you can embrace what God is doing.
RT @ledrew: For There Is No Difference Between the Jew and the Greek: for the Same Lord Over All Is Rich Unto All That Call Upon Him. - Rom…
RT @PastorJohnHagee: Stay in the fight and don’t forget who you are. As a man thinketh so is he (Proverbs 23:7).
RT @marcorubio: Must not accept a strategic alliance with #SaudiArabia which requires our silence when they butcher a political critic.		We…
RT @RealTalkKim: In order to please God, you may have to disappoint some people.
RT @Saintly_Life: Cast your burden upon the LORD and He will sustain you; He will never allow the righteous to be shaken. -Psalm 55:22
RT @Marvel0usJesus: The Spirit of the Lord God is upon Me,	Because the Lord has anointed Me	To preach good tidings to the poor;	He has sent…
RT @Tweets2Motivate: 5 Rules of Happiness: 1. Don't Hate 2. Don't Worry 3. Give More 4. Expect Less 5. Live Simply.
RT @can2009: #God can take a bad experience in your life and make you better for having gone through it.
RT @FwJesus: We know that in all things God works for the good of those who love him, who have been called according to his purpose. -Rom 8…
RT @RealTalkKim: Your next season is going to cause some people to wish they had treated you better in your NOW Season.
RT @ToddTrotter3: Cast all your anxiety on him because he cares for you.1 Peter 5:7
RT @IIIDeaton: Dealing now with several who have been crushed by following a "Gain the world AND save your soul" message .  They are losing…
RT @FamousWomen: Be strong, for it may be stormy now, but it can't rain forever.
RT @Inspire_Us: Your child will follow your example, not your advice.
RT @ArmorOGod: If Jesus Christ can rise up from the dead, just imagine what He can do for your life, Trust in Him!
RT @PastorJohnHagee: Let the mind of Christ fill you.
RT @RealTalkKim: I just heard this!!!! Some of you have been waiting on God to release your miracle and the time is now, says the Lord!!!!!…
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Dear God, if today I lose my hope, please remind me that your plans are better than my dreams.
RT @JoelOsteen: Sometimes the reason we’re frustrated is we’re trying to change things that only God can change. You can’t make people do w…
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: I want to encourage you today to remain faithful where God has planted you. He is there with you in the difficulty, the…
RT @WomenOfHistory: You have two ears and one mouth. Follow that ratio. Listen more, talk less.
RT @jazzyjaz2009: What God promised me shall come to pass! What God promises YOU shall come to pass!! @JosephWalker3 #Propel2018 @FGBCF @Bi…
RT @VictoriaOsteen: Today I pray that you will experience God’s love in a fresh, new way. I pray that you will receive His strength and wis…
RT @BrookeLynnBooks: Dear Friends, there's more going on in this world than what our eyes behold! 	We see things in the "natural", but make…
RT @WomenOfHistory: Speak up, don't hide your thoughts and feelings, especially when you can make a difference.
RT @LifeLimits: Life is like photography - develop from the negatives.
RT @Bible_Time: Blessed are the merciful, for they will be shown mercy. -Matt 5:7
RT @FaithReeI: God is the ONLY one that can change someone. Leave it in his hands.
RT @Quote_Soup: There is only one rule for being a good talker -- learn to listen.
RT @ArmorOGod: People should always pray and not give up - Luke 18:1
RT @Inspowerco: When everything feels like an uphill struggle; Just think of the view from the top.
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: You are loved! The Creator of the world sees you, and His heart leaps with joy when He gets to talk with you. Even now,…
RT @GodsMotivations: How much more, then, will the blood of Christ, who through the eternal Spirit offered himself unblemished to God, clea…
RT @PastorJohnHagee: With the mind of Christ, you never submit to intimidation. Don’t ever allow another human being to intimidate you. You…
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Stay positive. Stay fighting. Stay brave. Stay ambitious. Stay focused. Stay strong.
RT @darrynzewalk: Cast all your cares upon the Lord, because He Cares for you. Cast all your cares upon the Lord, His grace will pull you t…
RT @darrynzewalk: You've got what it takes, you've got everything you need because God has given you a purpose and a plan to succeed.
RT @darrynzewalk: So your haters ignore you, but the Lord is for you and He will always come through..
RT @darrynzewalk: Trusting God alone, will always give you strength to press on. #WednesdayMotivation
RT @JW_Branding: Praise the Lord!!!! for he is our Savior...	 Amen https://t.co/ZYYyiHA0aY
RT @RevLDReed: You praying God take it away. God is saying LET IT GO...  Your restoration begins at your release. Let it go...
RT @HLERadio: There is no way to lose today if you have Jesus on your side!
RT @livingforjc: Come now, and let us reason together, saith the Lord: though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white as snow; thou…
RT @yeshua_porvida: 2 Timothy 4:7 I have fought the good fight, I have finished the race, I have kept the faith.
RT @MinLeeRice: #God seeks the lost, the hopeless, and the helpless.
RT @Inspowerco: Don't cry over the past, it's gone. Don't stress about the future, it hasn't arrived. Live in the present and make it beaut…
RT @l_Love_Sports: Forgive yourself for your faults and your mistakes and move on.
RT @SandiHKaye: “Hereby perceive we the love of God, because he laid down his life for us: and we ought to lay down our lives for the breth…
RT @LV_Sports: If you only ever give 90% in training then you will only ever give 90% when it matters. -Michael Owen
RT @WomenOfHistory: Love is giving someone the power to destroy you... but trusting them not to.
RT @Epic_Women: Do not pray for an easy life; pray for the strength to endure a difficult one.
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Life is too short to stress yourself with people who don't even deserve to be an issue in your life.
RT @MotivatedLiving: Life is short, live it. Love is rare, grab it. Anger is bad, dump it. Fear is awful, face it. Memories are sweet, cher…
RT @Scripture_Truth: You will turn back to me &amp; ask for help, &amp; I will answer your prayers - Jer 29:12
RT @The_Gospels: Disappointments were not meant to destroy you. They were meant to strengthen you &amp; give you fortitude to accomplish your G…
RT @Quote_Soup: Don't put the key to your happiness in someone else's pocket.
RT @Inspire_Us: No matter how long you have traveled in the wrong direction, you can always turn around.
RT @ArmorOGod: Availability is better than ability for God.
RT @GodsMotivations: “Abba, Father,” he said, “everything is possible for you. Take this cup from me. Yet not what I will, but what you wil…
RT @LovLikeJesus: Heaven is not a place for those who are afraid of hell, it's a place for those who love God
RT @can2009: You can have a personal intimate relationship with #God our Father.
RT @Epic_Women: He who kneels before God can stand before anyone.
RT @FamousWomen: If you treat a man as he is, he will stay as he is. If you treat him as he ought to be, he will become the bigger and bett…
RT @Inspire_Us: Don't stress. Do your best. Forget the rest.
RT @Marvel0usJesus: But if a wicked man turns from all his sins which he has committed, keeps all My statutes, and does what is lawful and…
RT @PastorJohnHagee: Your strength is not measured by what you can do. Your strength in Heaven is measured by the weaknesses of other peopl…
RT @Godly_Life: Love is patient	Love is kind	Love is not jealous	Love does not brag	Love is not arrogant
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Dear God, Help me to understand that difficult times can make me stronger in the end, even though it may not always be…
RT @FaithReeI: Right now God is working and you will see what He's doing at just the right time. He may not be early but He won't be late!
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Do not focus on you past mistakes and failures. Focus solely on who you are becoming! A child of the Most High! A barri…
RT @Quote_Soup: What you will allow is what will continue.
RT @ToddTrotter3: Forgive others, Not because they deserve forgiveness, But because you deserve peace.
RT @ArmorOGod: Through the good and the bad, I know God is always with me.
RT @Inspire_Us: Learn to trust the journey, even when you do not understand it.
RT @Scripture_Truth: So, I tell you, whatever you ask for in prayer, believe, that you have received it, &amp; it will be yours. -Mark 11:24
RT @Godly_Life: God didn't promise a life without pain, struggles, and hardships. He promise to give you the strength to get through them.
RT @GodsMotivations: Who gave himself for us to redeem us from all wickedness and to purify for himself a people that are his very own, eag…
RT @PastorJohnHagee: The world may be throwing rocks at you, but God is counting them. Those rocks will turn to gold and God will transform…
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: When you tune in to the voice of God, when you listen to the voice of faith and not fear, you are going to be able to m…
RT @JoelOsteen: If you’re going to reach your highest potential, you have to stay committed. Make up your mind that you’re in it for the lo…
RT @Marvel0usJesus: Behold all souls are Mine;	The soul of the father as well as the soul of the son is Mine;	The soul who sins shall die.…
RT @FaithReeI: Pray that we may be given a hunger &amp; burning desire to fellowship more closely with Jesus
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Relax and accept God’s grace for the everyday activities of your life. Matter of fact, you need to learn to give grace…
RT @PastorJohnHagee: Stop saying, “I’m too old.” Moses was eighty when he started his ministry, he lived to be 120, and walked to his funer…
RT @Godly_Life: God's Strength &gt; My Weakness
RT @Scripture_Truth: You dont need to know what tomorrow holds. All you need to know is the One who holds tomorrow.
RT @rockstability: Psalm 91:2	I will say of the LORD, He is my refuge and my fortress: my God; in him will I trust.
RT @geshepjr: We walk by faith, not by sight	2 Corinthians 5:7
RT @iamklregister: When you do the right thing, others will try to plant seeds of negativity. But don't worry about the one who's planting…
RT @Mrs_Cole_15: God is the Word. Haven't you heard?	Jesus is Lord, The Word is our sword!
RT @pastorhopec: God will seclude you from everything and everyone so you can hear Him! So next time you feel lonely, see it as an opportun…
RT @ambassador277: There are times when we don't know why some things happened (good or bad). Trusting #God in these kind of times are what…
RT @TimBurt: The way God teaches us to live His ways and His ways are the opposite of the world's ways! #GenerousOrSelfish	Proverbs 11:24…
RT @_TheBibleSays_: When Baal-Hanan the son of Achbor died, Hadad reigned in his place; the name of his city was Pau. His wife’s name was M…
RT @LivPsy: A person who truly loves you will never let you go or give up on you, no matter how hard the situation is.
RT @iamklregister: The day you've been praying for is coming.
RT @ArmorOGod: Be a blessing to someone today - Prov 11:25
RT @Quote_Soup: Do not regret growing older; it is a privilege denied to many.
RT @livechristian1: **PRAYER**	Dear Lord, thank you for another beautiful day on Earth. Thank you for the challenges I face that make me st…
RT @Bible_Time: For I will restore health to you, &amp; your wounds I will heal. -Jeremiah 30.17
RT @Scripture_Truth: Be content with what you have, because God has said, "Never will I leave you; never will I forsake you." -Hebrews 13:5
RT @GodsMotivations: Greater love has no one than this: to lay down one’s life for one’s friends.	John 15:13
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Sometimes you need patience in order to find true happiness. It won't come fast and it won't come easy, but it will be…
RT @God_Loved: I called "Lord' and I was saved from those who hate me - Psalm 18:3
RT @Inspire_Us: Live your life and forget your age.
RT @ArmorOGod: No matter where we are in life, God has more in store. He never wants us to quit growing.
RT @Godly_Life: Let go of the disappointments and setbacks in your life and hang on to the promises of God for your future.
RT @FamousWomen: Surround yourself with positive people who will support you when it rains, not just when it shines.
RT @megiyalla: https://t.co/JWpyNP0ISy
RT @megiyalla: I Love this song. https://t.co/nmBxb9AEzD
RT @PastorJohnHagee: Stop saying “I can’t” and say, “I can do all things through Christ.”
I Love this song. https://t.co/nmBxb9AEzD
https://t.co/JWpyNP0ISy
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Life's not about people who act true to your face. It's about people who remain true behind your back.
RT @TabithaKhaye: You are loved.	You are wonderfully made.	You are beautiful.	You have purpose.	You are a masterpiece.	God has a great plan…
RT @FaithReeI: Father, help me to never be afraid to pray for the impossible.
RT @can2009: Remember, Satan wants you to turn back to your old ways just when your faith is being tested. Stay the course and trust God.
RT @God_Loved: Stay strong! Your test will become your test-imony, your mess will become your mess-age.
RT @ArmorOGod: Praise God even when you dont understand what He's doing.
RT @Godly_Life: I pray that the Lord, who gives peace, will always bless you with peace. May the Lord be with all of you too. -Thess 3:16
RT @Inspowerco: God only gives three answers to prayer: 1. 'Yes!' 2. 'Not yet.' 3. 'I have something better in mind.
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: As you set your mind on God, His Word and His truth, He is going to bless you and use you in awesome ways!
RT @The_Gospels: God has a wonderful way of turning negatives into positives.
RT @GodsMotivations: How much more, then, will the blood of Christ, who through the eternal Spirit offered himself unblemished to God, clea…
RT @MotivatedLiving: God always gives us unexpected blessings!
RT @Inspire_Us: God will wreck your plans when He sees that your plans are about to wreck you.
RT @Quote_Soup: Knowledge is knowing what to say. Wisdom is knowing whether or not to say it.
RT @VictoriaOsteen: The strong spirit of a person sustains them in times of difficulty. How do you strengthen your spirit? By spending time…
RT @PastorJohnHagee: Life does not depend on circumstance, but the attitude we have in Christ with our minds focused on Him gives us a conf…
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Jesus came to HEAL the broken hearted, to give STRENGTH to the weary, to set the captive FREE. Encountering Jesus resul…
RT @Godly_Life: God has you in the palm of His hand. He knows every need, every struggle &amp; every desire. He has it all figured out…He's a s…
RT @JoelOsteen: You have to be willing to leave some things behind if you’re going to become all you were created to be. Maybe you need to…
RT @marvinsapp: #MarvinsMotivationalMoment #MirrorTalk #RepeatAfterMe #TrustTheProcess #HesMadeUAPromise #RepairNPrepare #CommandYourDay #B…
RT @marvinsapp: #MarvinsMotivationalMoment Life is about defining moments. This was mine https://t.co/UZAS8wRTYh https://t.co/3vHN3BkudH
RT @livechristian1: For I know the plans I have for you,” says the Lord. “They are plans for good and not for disaster, to give you a futur…
RT @SkiltonRay: Micah 7:18 	Who is a God like you, who pardons sin and forgives the transgression of the remnant of his inheritance? You do…
RT @can2009: Satan cannot hide his intentions from #God. Also God gives all his children a discerning spirit to be warned of the devil &amp; hi…
RT @Bible_Time: Then Jesus came to them &amp; said, "All authority in heaven &amp; on earth has been given to me. -Matthew 28:18
RT @MinLeeRice: #God loves you too much to leave you in the state he found you in.
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: "Constantly praying in your heart without ceasing should be your roadmap." #TBJoshua
RT @Godly_Life: Your thoughts become your words and your attitude. Where the mind goes, the man follows.
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: "When you get involved in God's projects, you will begin to know God's opinion about yourself and others." #TBJoshua
Constantly praying in your heart,  without ceasing should be your roadmap...
Sometimes, your salary is the "BRIBE" they give to you to forget your Dreams. Be wise...
RT @PastorJohnHagee: Your thoughts are heard in Heaven. The greatest battlefield on which you must fight and win is the mind.
In the Love of Christ I stand. My Comforter, my all in all. Hallelujah!!!
RT @Inspire_Us: You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him. - James D. Miles
RT @Inspowerco: Don't let someone dim your light simply because it's shining in their eyes.
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Dr. Frank Voadu’s life began a downward spiral as he suffered severely from lumber spondylosis and disc inflammation. Co…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Mrs Stella Onwuzurike suffered from sleep apnea for 25 years and was forced to sleep with a breathing machine every nigh…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: After being located by prophecy, Mrs Ruth Amah from Ghana was delivered from the spirits of man and woman that caused te…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Let us pay attention to God’s Word as Prophet T.B. Joshua is at the altar right now, to deliver a Heavenly message. Stay…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: In a message titled: BUILDING GOD'S CHARACTER, Prophet T.B. Joshua said, "Jesus wants to be involved in our lives as mot…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: "Our concern now is to build God’s character. If you are to become God’s person, you must follow His process." https://t…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: “No matter how unsteady your life appears to be, meditate on the Word of God day and night, whatever you do will prosper…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: “Your consistency in prayer and faithfulness is the only way out. Please, constantly pray, in your heart."
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: “Your enemy loses no time in plotting against you; you should lose no time in committing yourself to God in prayer.”
RT @ArmorOGod: Many books can INFORM you, but the Bible can TRANSFORM you.
RT @MotivatedLiving: Sometimes God pushes us to our limits. It's because he has greater faith in us than we have in ourselves.
RT @InspowerMinds: Surround yourself with people who have dreams, desire and ambition; they will help you push for and realize your own.
RT @FamousWomen: Be sure to taste your words before you spit them out.
RT @Quote_Soup: God will wreck your plans when He sees that your plans are about to wreck you.
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: If you are listening to the voice of doubt or to your circumstances telling you that you are not enough, it will crippl…
RT @PastorJohnHagee: Has God lifted your burdens before? He can do it now. He will do it again and again and again, because the evidence of…
RT @JoelOsteen: There’s nothing more powerful than your faith. When you believe, when you expect things to change, when you know what God s…
RT @Bible_Time: Before his downfall a man's heart is proud, but humility comes before honor. -Proverbs 18:12
RT @ReapSow111: “Let your loins be girded about, and your lights burning; And ye yourselves like unto men that wait for their lord, when he…
RT @Inspire_Us: Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself.
RT @MinLeeRice: When Praises Goes Up, Blessings Come Down! Praise Him from the Mountain Tops! Praise Him in the Valleys! He Is Worthy!
RT @Saintly_Life: My job is to take care of the possible, and trust God with the impossible.
RT @can2009: #God has purpose for your pain, a motive for your struggle and a reward for your faithfulness. Don't give up!
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Start everyday with a new hope, leave bad memories behind and have faith for a better tomorrow.
RT @Epic_Women: Be careful with your words. Once they are said, they can only be forgiven, nor forgotten.
RT @Quote_Soup: Expect the BEST. Prepare for the WORST. Forget what others THINK.
RT @Inspowerco: Dear whoever is reading this, you are beautiful &amp; someone out there is crazy about you. So smile, life is too short to be u…
RT @MotivatedLiving: Life is tough, but you must be tougher.
RT @ArmorOGod: Dear Christians, the way we love our neighbor carries a lot more weight than how much scripture we can quote.
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop true strength.
RT @Inspire_Us: By leaving behind ur old self &amp; taking a leap of faith into the unknown, u find out what u are truly capable of becoming.
RT @FamousWomen: Don't make excuses for why you can't get it done. Focus on all the reasons why you must make it happen.
RT @GodsMotivations: For where your treasure is, there your heart will be also.	Matthew 6:21
RT @JesusBranch: 🕊️Thank you. Praise the Lord 🕊️ https://t.co/rEygP85aaX
RT @DrElnora: Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus…
RT @BrookeLynnBooks: “If you really want to know the truth; seek God for it!”
RT @can2009: #God Will Not Forget About Us
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Looking back makes you smart. Looking forward makes you mature. Looking down makes you wise. Looking up makes you stro…
RT @MinLeeRice: Even on the most dismal of days, stretch your spirit to find a praise to offer #God.
RT @l_Love_Sports: Play hard, train harder.
RT @FamousWomen: If you want to feel rich, just count all the gifts you have that money can't buy.
RT @YshuaRules: The Holy Bible	Psalms 29:4		The voice of the LORD is powerful; 	the voice of the LORD is full of majesty.
RT @PastorJohnHagee: What can you do against the New World Order? You can stand up for America. You can vote for pro-American candidates. I…
RT @BookOProverbs: We brought nothing into the world, nor can we take anything out of it - 1Timothy 6:7
RT @StephanSpeaks: Find your strength, peace, and sanity through God. Chill, pray, and let that negative energy go.
RT @Godly_Life: When things aren't working out as you wish, be patient. Stop trying to move ahead of God. His timing is perfect.
RT @GodsMotivations: Be kind and compassionate to one another, forgiving each other, just as in Christ God forgave you.	Ephesians 4:32
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: When you believe God is who He says He is, when you hang onto Him and His Word in faith, His truth sets you free!
RT @FamousWomen: Worrying does not take away tomorrow's troubles, it takes away today's peace.
RT @WomenOfHistory: When love is real, it finds a way.
RT @MinLeeRice: The righteous eateth to the satisfying of his soul: but the belly of the wicked shall want.
RT @ambassador277: When God tells you to give something, give it! And give it with no strings attached.
RT @God_Loved: Always be in prayer for loved ones who have not accepted Christ as their savior
RT @l_Love_Sports: The ideal attitude is to be physically loose and mentally tight. -Arthur Ashe
RT @LovLikeJesus: Be grateful for everything you have received in your life. Good and bad it's all brought you to Jesus!
RT @BookOProverbs: You can't change what has already happened so choose to look ahead instead of behind you.
RT @WomenOfHistory: You cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness. - Jonathan Safran Foer
RT @can2009: Are you letting your fear keep you from being all God created you to be?
RT @MotivatedLiving: I'm human. I have weaknesses, I make mistakes, and I experience sadness; but I learn from all these things and they ma…
RT @FamousWomen: May your life preach more loudly than your lips.
RT @Inspire_Us: Give love away like your life depends on it.
RT @Inspowerco: When you're down to nothing, God is up to something. The faithful see the invisible, believe the incredible &amp; then receive…
RT @The_Gospels: This is the day the Lord has made; let us rejoice &amp; be glad in it.  -Psalm 118.24
A Prayer 4 2Day,  Papa God in Heaven, let Your Glory rise among Your children. In Jesus Name. Amen and Amen...
RT @can2009: Let the glory of the Lord rise among you.
RT @ambassador277: God's nature and God's name is Love.
Abba Father, Your Name is Great. Your Name is above all Names. Worthy of all Praise... Hallelujah!!!
Oh Lord our God! I bless, Your Name.  When I'm found in the desert place. Though I walk through the wilderness. Bless be Your Name. Hallelujah!!!
RT @ambassador277: In the middle of our trials and tribulations, our God will show up.  And that's when He will show out! https://t.co/819N…
RT @greglaurie: When God spoke to Noah, things were as bad as they possibly could be. Noah was a believer who showed us that we can live go…
RT @getulla: (Matthew Chap. 6)	----------	14 For if ye forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly Father will also forgive you:		15 But if…
RT @sports_moxy: Be confident, NOT cocky. There is a difference...
RT @ToddTrotter3: Happy people are always inspirations to the rest of the world. Be an inspiration to others.
RT @Godly_Life: God will never lead you wrong.
RT @PastorJohnHagee: God commands us to pray. Do you have a prayer life? Does your prayer time equal your television time? Is Hollywood or…
RT @VictoriaOsteen: If you are facing something that seems too big for you, remember, it’s not too big for God. He loves to show Himself st…
RT @JoelOsteen: God is not just with you on the mountaintops, He’s with you in the valleys when you’re going through things. He knows what…
RT @TimBurt: We've all felt this! “God, who am I to do this?”	The truth is: 	"Philippians 4:13 "I can do everything through Christ who give…
RT @LifeLimits: Love takes action.
RT @endtimeslife: Jesus was here.	Here on earth.	He came and offered Himself 	as a sacrifice for the sins of the world.	Your sins, and mine…
RT @krazy4ujc: If I lost everything I still have God. That’s enough for me. 		#WednesdayWisdom
RT @PastorMattHagee: Are you killing the dream that God has for you because you are not obeying His word?
RT @ToddTrotter3: Peacemakers who sow in peace reap a harvest of righteousness.James 3:18
RT @ledrew: In Whom We Have Redemption Through His Blood, the Forgiveness of Sins, According to the Riches of His Grace; - Ephesians 1:7
RT @endtimeslife: Troublesome times are not necessarily times to focus on fear.		"Let not your heart be troubled: ye believe in God, believ…
RT @bobgoff: "The price of acceptance is too high if it costs who you are.”  	#EverybodyAlways
RT @EllahieCooking: O Righteous and Almighty Saviour God	Let me know Thy ways, that I may know Thee #more, so that I may find favour in Thy…
RT @ourdailybread: How sweet is the sound of God's amazing grace!
RT @catholic_cafe: For I know the plans I have for you, declares the LORD, plans to prosper u &amp; not to harm you, plans to give you hope &amp; a…
RT @Marvel0usJesus: For I know that my Redeemer lives, And He shall stand at last on the earth.	Job 19:25
RT @MinLeeRice: Even though we are responsible to bring joy into the lives of others - we are not responsible for them to accept it! That's…
RT @LV_Sports: Most people give up just when they're about to achieve success. They quit on the one yard line. -Ross Perot
RT @FwJesus: I am with you always. -Matthew 28.20
RT @Marvel0usJesus: Put on then, as God's chosen ones, holy and beloved, compassionate hearts, kindness, humility, meekness, and patience.…
RT @lyfetreker: Never forget how grateful you were the hour you first BELIEVED	Maybe it was just 1 day ago or 50 years ago, once you allow…
RT @FamousWomen: Stop waiting for the perfect moment. Take the moment you have and make it perfect.
RT @IIIDeaton: Based on how I read scripture , it will only be those looking for Jesus who will be leaving with Jesus . 		Could be today.…
RT @BookOProverbs: God will not allow a trial to come into your life unless He has a purpose. He doesn't send the storms, but He uses them.
RT @can2009: The value of our Joy cannot be measured by man's understanding.
RT @WomenOfHistory: Never give up hope, because you never know, it could still happen.
RT @Inspowerco: Let your past make you better not bitter.
RT @can2009: The Word of #God will make you free.  It's Good To Be Free!
RT @BookOProverbs: God has a wonderful way of turning negatives into positives.
RT @MotivatedLiving: Don't judge me based on YOUR perception, your jealousy, or what you would do. I don't live my life for you. I live my…
RT @Scripture_Truth: Jesus said that before the Second Coming, "If anyone tells you 'Look, here is Christ'... don't believe it" - Mark 13:21
RT @DavidRoads: Make the rest of your life the best of your life.
RT @ToddTrotter3: You were born with the ability to change someone's life, don't waste it.
RT @FaithReeI: Reading the Bible without meditating on it is like trying to eat without swallowing.
RT @StokedDaily: Just because someone is strong enough to handle pain, doesn't mean they deserve it.
RT @FamousWomen: May you always do what you are afraid to do.
RT @IIIDeaton: " He heard the sound of the trumpet and did not take warning; his blood shall be upon himself . But if he had taken the warn…
RT @AmazingiGrace: Spiritual maturity isn't measured by how high you jump in praise but how straight you walk in obedience.
RT @The_Gospels: God never leads us where He cannot keep us. His grace is always sufficient for us in any and every circumstance of life.
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Respect people's feelings. Even if it doesn't mean anything to you, it could mean everything to them.
RT @Quote_Soup: Don't stress. Do your best. Forget the rest.
RT @FaithReeI: Trusting God is more than what you can see. Walk by FAITH not by sight.
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: God works when you have an attitude of faith. Dare to believe! All things are possible!
@JesusSaves_Broo Hallelujah to His Holy Name!!!
RT @JesusSaves_Broo: Jesus fed 5,000 people with fives loaves of bread &amp; 2 fish.		Jesus healed the sick.	Jesus healed the blind. 	Jesus rai…
RT @RealTalkKim: Stop monitoring things you left in God's hands!
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: God is not going to let you fail. Do not believe what you see in the natural. Walk in the spirit of faith at all times.
RT @ohteenquotes: “I wish I met some people earlier, some a little later, and some never at all” 🙅🏼‍♀️
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: You are a one of a kind expression of God's glory. Fearfully and wonderfully made to impact the world! Let no one dim y…
RT @Scripture_Truth: I know that God will give you whatever you ask of him. -John 11.22.
RT @FwJesus: You must stop talking about the problem and start talking about the solution...start speaking words of victory.
RT @Quote_Soup: It takes some courage to stand up and speak; it takes even more courage to open your mind and listen.
RT @Tweets2Motivate: A good life is when you assume nothing, do more, smile often, dream big, laugh a lot and realize how blessed you are.
RT @Epic_Women: Listening is often the only thing needed to help someone.
RT @Inspire_Us: Fear kills more dreams than failure ever will.
RT @PastorJohnHagee: When you’re down to nothing, God is up to something.
RT @ArmorOGod: God is my hero. He protects me, and He is always there for me.
RT @GodsMotivations: Give, and it will be given to you. A good measure, pressed down, shaken together and running over, will be poured into…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: "When a person believes, he will no longer worry or doubt. If you believe God in a certain matter, you should have a wor…
RT @FaithReeI: Grace is God doing for us what we could never do and what we will never deserve.
RT @JoelOsteen: Don’t be a slave to your past. Quit reliving the hurts. Quit dwelling on your mistakes. This is a new day. If you’ll let go…
RT @FwJesus: Let your light shine before men in such a way that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father who is in heaven. -Ma…
RT @Epic_Women: A woman is like a tea bag: you cannot tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water. -Nancy Reagan
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Always believe God for a great final outcome! Things may have started wrong, but in the end, it will turn for your good!
RT @SevenShepherd: "If thy whole body therefore be full of light, having no part dark, the whole shall be full of light, as when the bright…
RT @SharonMarglin: Psalm 148:13 (KJV) Let them praise the name of the Lord: for His name alone is excellent; His glory is above the earth a…
RT @EllahieCooking: O Righteous and Almighty, the Lord who cares for us	We place our trust in Your Holy name	The Eternal One, our True God…
RT @MinLeeRice: #God has placed everything in you to be who you are supposed to be.
RT @Saintly_Life: Being a Christian isn't just about following commandments: it's about letting Christ take possession of our lives -Pope F…
RT @can2009: #Jesus did not die so that we might be frustrated. He said "My peace I leave with you."
RT @GodsMotivations: Guide me in your truth and teach me,	for you are God my Savior,	and my hope is in you all day long.	Psalm 25:5
RT @lyfetreker: Many people look unto godly men of yesterday and today to emulate,	but what made these men godly wasn’t a talent they had,…
RT @ohteenquotes: “If you can't handle me at my worst, you don't deserve me at my best.”
RT @IIIDeaton: Knowing that God is in total control and works out everything for the good of His children, I will be walking tightly with H…
RT @ArmorOGod: Don't worry God is taking care of you.. even if it may seem you are all alone.
RT @Inspire_Us: Sometimes what you're most afraid of doing is the very thing that will set you free.
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: God is the greatest planner alive! He says "For my plans are to prosper you, not harm you...To give you a hope and futu…
RT @GodsMotivations: Be strong and take heart,	all you who hope in the Lord.	Psalm 31:24
RT @Newsweek: “I am the most unlucky man in the world”: Ice-cream man living in poverty realizes he is a millionaire https://t.co/cG5phOkH5…
RT @can2009: After you pray to #God for help, switch over into praise.  Thank #God in advance and thank Him often.
RT @HageeMinistries: Pray and keep believing. Some prayer, some power. More prayer, more power. Much prayer, much power. God will not fail…
RT @RealTalkKim: Let it go! Something beautiful is trying to grow in it’s place.
RT @bobgoff: Don’t be mean; it makes mean people look normal.
@HeatherLLove That is why you should marry for love. Not material things.
RT @Pontifex: We ask the Lord for the gifts of dialogue and patience, of the closeness and welcome that loves, pardons and doesn't condemn.
RT @Godly_Life: Christian? Yeah.	Perfect? Nope.	Forgiven? Yeah.	Worthy? Nope.	Accepted? Yeah.	Deserving? Nope.	Loved? Yeah.
RT @GodsMotivations: But as for me, I watch in hope for the Lord,	I wait for God my Savior;	my God will hear me.	Micah 7:7
RT @Scripture_Truth: Always keep your head up, because if it's down you won't be able to see the blessings that have been placed in your li…
RT @l_Love_Sports: A person who really wants something will find a way; a person who doesn't will find an excuse.
RT @Inspire_Us: Minds are like parachutes - they only function when open. -Thomas Dewar
RT @LV_Sports: Sports Do Not Build Character...They Reveal It. - John Wooden
RT @AmazingiGrace: Accept what is, let go of what was and have faith in what could be.
RT @GodsMotivations: I wait for the Lord, my whole being waits,	and in his word I put my hope.	Psalm 130:5
RT @PastorJohnHagee: We have lived in a generation that has been made to believe that you have the right to do what you want to do. That is…
RT @AthIetesForGod: I'm not telling you it is going to be easy, I'm telling you it's going to be worth it.
RT @VictoriaOsteen: A life of faith is developed sort of like working a muscle. It’s the struggle, the opposition that makes us stronger. P…
RT @RealTalkKim: Don’t forget to PRAY today, because God didn’t forget to wake you up this morning!
RT @DrDeniseMD: Important thing to remember: You can't please everyone. 		It is important to realize this and create healthy boundaries for…
RT @ledrew: Who Hath Delivered Us From the Power of Darkness, and Hath Translated Us Into the Kingdom of His Dear Son:	Colossians 1:13
RT @AthIetesForGod: God is at work in your life right now. He is directing your steps. What you thought was a setback is going to turn out…
RT @Saintly_Life: God's temple is holy, &amp; you are that temple. -1Cor 3:17
RT @GodsMotivations: Hope deferred makes the heart sick,	but a longing fulfilled is a tree of life.	Proverbs 13:12
RT @can2009: Faith will prepare you to have intelligence that other people don't have.
RT @WomenOfHistory: Don't compare your progress with that of others. We all need our own time to travel our own distance.
RT @ohteenquotes: “I'm learning how to be okay without you and I can't wait for the day when I get to look at you and feel absolutely nothi…
RT @Godly_Life: GOD LOVES YOU!	- He will be there for you.	- He will make a way for you.	- He will wipe away your tears.	- He will be your…
RT @ArmorOGod: I will never doubt that God has gotten me though every hard moment in my life.
RT @GodsMotivations: But if we hope for what we do not yet have, we wait for it patiently.	Romans 8:25
RT @Marvel0usJesus: When the devil speaks a lie, he speaks from his own resources, for he is a liar and the father of it.	John 8:44
RT @IIIDeaton: Critical that Christians take the highest road we can in this political win.		" Do not rejoice when your enemy falls, and le…
RT @Inspire_Us: It is not what happens to you but how you respond to what happens to you.
RT @Scripture_Truth: So, I tell you, whatever you ask for in prayer, believe, that you have received it, &amp; it will be yours. -Mark 11:24
RT @AmazingiGrace: Never change who you are just because you're afraid of losing them. If they really love you, your imperfections won't ma…
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: You are under attack because your assignment matters. If it wasn't important, the devil would leave you alone. Stand up…
RT @PastorJohnHagee: One of the Bible’s most valuable lessons is the ability to teach you the power to do what you ought to do instead of w…
RT @JoelOsteen: You’ll live a lot freer and a lot happier if you’ll quit fighting what God is not changing. Don't get upset over what He’s…
RT @RealTalkKim: Don’t ruin a good night by thinking about a bad yesterday.
RT @marvinsapp: My calendar is open for 2019. In an effort to make it simpler. You can scan the qr code on the flyer with your phone or you…
RT @marvinsapp: You asked for it.... It’s happening #CommissionedMovie https://t.co/06oX0QXNDy https://t.co/y9DJEdGcfp
RT @VictoriaOsteen: You may feel like what you have in your hand is small, but when you give it to God, He will bless it and multiply it. T…
RT @IIIDeaton: Jesus was all about the business of our SOULS and how to get them home to Him.
RT @JoelOsteen: The environment that you put yourself in is extremely important. No matter how good a seed is, it’s dependent on having goo…
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Pack light for your journey! God has already lined up the resources, finances and opportunities needed. Never forget th…
RT @VictoriaOsteen: Prayer changes things! A life of prayer isn’t just about praying one time. Sometimes you have to press through and pray…
RT @Marvel0usJesus: And behold, One like the Son of Man coming with the clouds of heaven!	He came to the Ancient of Days.	Daniel 7:13b		Beh…
RT @ambassador277: Your individual purpose is linked to a greater purpose. He will open doors for you when you follow His purpose. Now, DO…
RT @can2009: Sometimes, we need to see demanding times as an audition to exercise our faith, because we serve an unlimited #God!
RT @Inspowerco: Be thankful for all the struggles you go through. They make you stronger, wiser and humble. Don't let it break you. Let it…
RT @The_Gospels: Love the Lord your God with all your heart &amp; with all your soul &amp; w/ all your mind. This is the 1st &amp; greatest commandment…
RT @l_Love_Sports: ►  It WILL be difficult.	►  It WILL take time.	►  It WILL require sacrifice.	►  It WILL be worth it.
RT @JoelOsteen: You can’t have a new life with old thinking. Limited thinking will cause you to live a limited life. Start believing bigger.
RT @PastorJohnHagee: Prayer is the weapon that God has given His children to wage war on the heaven-less.
RT @MotivatedLiving: Choose your friends with caution, plan your future with purpose, and frame your life with faith.
RT @VictoriaOsteen: Today I pray for those who are dealing with anxiety. God is saying, “Trust Me. Come to Me and give Me your burdens, and…
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: May the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace as you trust in Him, so that you may overflow with hope by the powe…
RT @IIIDeaton: : The end of the matter; all has been heard. Fear God and keep his commandments, for this is the whole duty of man. For God…
RT @ArmorOGod: Jesus died for you, knowing you might never love Him back. THAT is true love.
RT @Godly_Life: Sometimes you may feel God is hard on you &amp; doesn't love you... Truth is He Loves you to much to leave you the way you are.
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Move on!	Do not look back!	Stop longing for what was!	Start yearning for what will be!	The future is ahead not behind!…
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Everybody wants to change the world, but nobody wants to change themselves.
RT @God_Loved: Scared? Pray.	Over thinking? Pray.	Losing hope? Pray.	Worried? Pray.	Struggling? Pray.		Pray and Trust in God. Please Retwee…
RT @JoelOsteen: You’re not working unto people. You’re working unto God. He’s keeping the records. The scripture says, “Promotion doesn’t c…
RT @GodsMotivations: As the heavens are higher than the earth,	so are my ways higher than your ways	and my thoughts than your thoughts.	Isa…
RT @VictoriaOsteen: God has matched you perfectly with your life. You are in the right place at the right time. Trust that God is doing a w…
RT @PastorJohnHagee: Going to God without faith is like going to Wal-Mart without money, it is a waste of time. Everything that heaven offe…
RT @JesusSaves_Broo: The Gospel of Jesus Christ is the greatest message in human history. How amazing it is to know that God sent his only…
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Everyone who prayed for your downfall can go and get a refund because your story ends in victory!
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Take note of how people treat you when you are down. Because when you finally get up all you owe them is a hello and a…
RT @can2009: When at times I am unstable, in #Christ I can find myself. He settles me with a peace no words can describe.
RT @Bible_Time: Jesus said to them, "I am the bread of life; he who comes to Me will not hunger, and he who believes in Me will never thirs…
RT @MinLeeRice: Trusting in a treacherous man in time of trouble is like a bad tooth or a foot that slips.
RT @DrAndrewFarley: Our connection with Christ is never lost. He will always live in us, and we will always live in Him, no matter our beha…
RT @MinLeeRice: The Spirit of Man is Eternal, One MUST Determine whether it will be in Peace or Torment.  Know God, Know God, Know Peace /…
RT @Scripture_Truth: Keep your heart with all vigilance, for from it flow the springs of life. -Proverbs 4.23
RT @FaithReeI: Draw near to God and He will draw near to you! -James 4:8
RT @JesusSaves_Broo: Faith makes all things possible, but God didn't say it would make all things easy.
RT @ArmorOGod: God is more concerned about your heart than your performance. If your heart is right, your performance will eventually catch…
RT @Inspire_Us: The mind is everything; what you think, you become.
RT @MrMTrainer: Behaviors of genuine people:		1. They don't seek attention	2. They're not concerned with being liked	3. They can tel when o…
RT @The_Gospels: Make every effort to live in peace with everyone and to be holy; without holiness no one will see the Lord. -Hebrews 12:14
RT @ambassador277: Sometime, we just have to step out of the way - and let God come in. Then we wonder - "Why did it take us so long?"
RT @MotivatedLiving: Struggles are required in order to survive in life, because in order to stand up, you gotta know what falling down is…
RT @IIIDeaton: Waiting on God is put in perspective best when matched against His incredible patience with us.  What a loving Father we hav…
RT @Marvel0usJesus: Nebuchadnezzar "Look! I see four men  walking in the midst of the fire and they are not hurt and the form of the fourth…
RT @ledrew: The Spirit of the Lord Is Upon Me, Because He Hath Anointed Me to Preach the Gospel to the Poor; He Hath Sent Me to Heal the Br…
RT @StokedDaily: Money can't buy:		1 a happy home 	2 good memories	3 a long and healthy life 	4 integrity	5 revered character	6 strong work…
RT @can2009: #God has been telling us "Don't short-change yourself, make room for abundance."
RT @ohteenquotes: The worst part of being strong is that no one ever asks if you’re okay.
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Acknowledge your feelings. Own your feelings. Work through your feelings. Do not follow your feelings unless they follo…
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Whenever you feel weak, remember the things that made you strong; whenever you start to doubt yourself, remember those…
RT @ToddTrotter3: Cast all your anxiety on him because he cares for you.1 Peter 5:7
RT @Inspire_Us: Pray, forgive yourself, appreciate others, listen to your gut, do things you enjoy, &amp; remind yourself that we are all loved…
RT @Quote_Soup: Respect yourself enough to walk away from anything that no longer grows you.
RT @PastorJohnHagee: Prayer is the only way to release the supernatural power of God in your life.
RT @IIIDeaton: To walk with the assumption that Jesus will not be gathering His flock up at anytime  is exactly how Satan gets us to live o…
RT @ArmorOGod: The God you serve is bigger than the problems you encounter.
RT @JesusSaves_Broo: You don't have to be on the hunt for a relationship. God says, "Seek me first and all these things will fall into plac…
RT @SandiHKaye: Never underestimate what God can do in your life.  You are the person God is preparing as the answer to someone's prayers.
RT @MotivatedLiving: Faith allows things to happen. It is the power that comes from a fearless heart. And when a fearless heart believes, m…
RT @ohteenquotes: The older you get, the more you appreciate being at home doing nothing. 😂
RT @FwJesus: Little trials without God will break you. Big trials with God will make you. May you always find strength in God's love and fa…
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Start every day with a new hope. Leave bad memories behind and have faith for a better tomorrow.
RT @Inspire_Us: Whatever you want to do, do it now. There are only so many tomorrows.
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: I just want to remind you that the Lord is fighting for you today and every day. You do not have to be afraid or worrie…
RT @JoelOsteen: You may go through a season of being lonely, but God will bring new friends, better friends: people that push you up and do…
RT @PastorJohnHagee: A Christian can see more on their knees than on their feet.
RT @yeshua_porvida: Heroin, meth, weed , alcohol, pills are no match for Jesus Christ 		Pray for drug addicts who are suffering today , Jes…
RT @ConnieEngel777: Know that you are loved, and that God watches over you!
RT @PsyLiving: Being single will save you a thousand times more stress than being in the wrong relationship.
RT @ledrew: Your subconscious mind does not argue with you. It accepts what	your conscious mind decrees. If you say, “I can’t afford it,” y…
RT @PsyLiving: Psychology says: You don’t really need someone to complete you. You only need someone to accept you completely.
RT @can2009: There are indeed times when we can actually feel we are off course.  This is when the enemy is at his depraved best.
RT @WomenOfHistory: Sometimes the people you expect to kick you when you're down will be the ones to help you get back up.
RT @PsyLiving: A person generally hates you for 3 reasons: 1) They want to be you. 2) They hate themselves. 3) They see you as a threat.
RT @Kimblest1: All circumstances are not good....BUT		GOD is  good in all circumstances!!
RT @PsyLiving: Don't be afraid to do something just because you're scared of what people are going to say about you. People will judge you…
RT @HealingMB: Don't attempt to reconnect with toxic people from your past just because you're feeling lonely. Focus on getting better &amp; at…
RT @DavidRoads: The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power. - Mary Pickford
RT @thequote: I speak truth, not so much as I would, but as much as I dare. - Michel de Montaigne
RT @HistoryoSport: Be your best, and life will be too.
RT @MinLeeRice: Don't be Discouraged because present Circumstances R not working out. Recognize U R a Child of God.
RT @_TheBibleSays_: The sash was of fine twisted linen and blue, purple, and scarlet yarn, the work of an embroiderer, just as the Lord had…
RT @lnspireMeNow: Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass, It is about learning to dance in the rain.
RT @LifeLimits: Pray hardest when it is hardest to pray.
RT @FamousWomen: Don't be pushed around by your problems. Be led by your dreams.
RT @KNGMusic: Romans 12:12 Rejoice in hope, be patient in tribulation, be constant in prayer. 🙏
RT @StokedDaily: We often look everywhere for solutions except for within.
RT @Epic_Women: Most of our problems are because we act without thinking or we keep thinking without acting. #truth
RT @WomenOfHistory: If you really want to do something, you'll find a way. If you don't, you'll find an excuse.
RT @thequote: You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. - Albert Einstein
RT @Inspowerco: Don't be afraid of change. You may end up losing something good, but you will probably end up gaining something better.
RT @GODs_Graces: Faith in God changes everything.
RT @Inspire_Us: Don't cheat the world of your contribution. Give it what you've got. -Steven Pressfield
RT @LV_Sports: Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. - John Wooden
RT @Marvel0usJesus: “I am the Alpha and the Omega the Beginning and the End” says the Lord “who is and who was and who is to come the Almig…
RT @MotivatedLiving: Sometimes it takes the worst pain to bring about the best change.
RT @FwJesus: The Lord… is a shield for all who take refuge in him -Psalm 18:30
RT @ArmorOGod: If you have faith when you pray, you will be given whatever you ask for. -Matthew 21:22
RT @AmazingiGrace: Save me from people of the world - Psalm 17:14
RT @FaithReeI: Hear what others have to say, but listen to God.
RT @Scripture_Truth: Love always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres. -1Cor 13:7
RT @The_Gospels: Jesus didn't die so we could have religion. He died so we could have a deep, intimate, personal relationship with God.
RT @Bible_Time: When you have doubts and questions, choose to say Lord, "I believe. I may not always understand, but I trust you."
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Your happiness depends on you, and you alone.
RT @ArmorOGod: O LORD my God, I called to you for help &amp; you healed me. Psalm 30:2
RT @Inspire_Us: Train your mind to see the good in everything.
RT @ohteenquotes: The worst pain is when you don’t know whether to wait or to forget.
RT @Epic_Women: I am done with the past, the future has plenty of room for change.
RT @HageeMinistries: God of miracles come, we need Your supernatural love to break through. Nothing’s impossible; You’re the God of mirac​l…
RT @UfcYoda: ☀️☕ Good Morning Brothers And Sisters.🙏He will once again fill your mouth with laughter and your lips with shouts of Joy. -Job…
@redi2fly Hallelujah!
RT @redi2fly: Worship is more than our religious duties. Yes there is a Tme to Sing, a Time to Pray, a Time to Preach, a Time To Praise, Bu…
RT @HageeMinistries: Let faith arise in spite of what I see Lord I believe, but help my unbelief. I choose to trust You. No matter what I f…
RT @can2009: Choices, choices! When in doubt, make choices that you believe will bring you to a closer relationship with #God. Trust in #Ch…
RT @_TheBibleSays_: but the inner person of the heart, the lasting beauty of a gentle and tranquil spirit, which is precious in God’s sight…
RT @can2009: Because of #Christ #Jesus, I am not the person I used to be. Thank #God!
RT @Epic_Women: I BELIEVE IN BEING STRONG WHEN EVERYTHING SEEMS TO BE GOING WRONG. -Audrey Hepburn
RT @Inspire_Us: By becoming the answer to someone's prayer, we often find the answers to our own.
RT @ArmorOGod: Knock, &amp; the door will be opened. -Luke 11.9
RT @LV_Sports: If what you have done yesterday still looks big to you, you haven't done much today. -Mike Krzyzewski
RT @JesusSaves_Broo: Those who are struggling with sexual sin, God doesn’t love you any less. Do not believe the lie that Satan tells you t…
RT @Sports_HQ: Life is not about how hard you can hit, but how much you can get hit &amp; still keep moving forward. -Rocky Balboa
RT @Godly_Life: Trust in Him!
RT @moms_pray: One night the Lord spoke to Paul in a vision: "Do not be afraid; keep on speaking, do not be silent." -Acts 18:9
RT @TabithaKhaye: Do what is right, not what is easy.
RT @Quote_Soup: Live a life you are proud of.
RT @Quote_Soup: Have faith the good is just around the corner. https://t.co/F5ry33zQnE
RT @Quote_Soup: Never give up on the things that make you smile.
RT @Quote_Soup: The expert in anything was once a beginner.
RT @Quote_Soup: I am done with the past, the future has plenty of room for change.
RT @Quote_Soup: Be happy in the moment, that's enough. Each moment is all we need, not more. -Mother Teresa
RT @Quote_Soup: Life may not be the party we hoped for, but while we're here we should dance.
RT @LifeLimits: Expect the best. Prepare for the worst.
RT @Quote_Soup: Do not do to others what angers you if done to you by others. - Socrates
RT @Quote_Soup: Everyone Dies. But not everyone really lives.
RT @Quote_Soup: One day, you'll be just a memory for some people. Do your best to be a good one.
RT @Quote_Soup: Don't compare your progress with that of others. We all need our own time to travel our own distance.
RT @Quote_Soup: The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who can't read them. - Mark Twain
RT @Quote_Soup: Better three hours too soon than a minute too late. - William Shakespeare
RT @MotivateAthIete: Discipline is doing what needs to be done, even if you don’t want to do it.
RT @LovLikeJesus: Sad? Pray.	Over thinking? Pray.	Giving up? Pray.	Hurting? Pray.	Depressed? Pray.	Struggling? Pray.	Worried? Pray.		Pray a…
RT @Scripture_Truth: In the same way, faith by itself, if it is not accompanied by action, is dead. -James 2:17
RT @Inspire_Us: You can be comfortable or courageous, but you cannot be both.
RT @Tweets2Motivate: People with a good sense of humor have a better sense of life.
RT @JesusSaves_Broo: One baby step WITH God will take you farther than a thousand steps WITHOUT Him.
RT @Marvel0usJesus: Now I saw a new heaven and a new earth, for the first heaven and the first earth had passed away. Also there was no mor…
RT @StokedDaily: Don't let anyone's ignorance, hate, drama or negativity stop you from being the best person you can be. Be great.
RT @WomenOfHistory: We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.
RT @GODs_Graces: God will not allow a trial to come into your life unless He has a purpose. He doesn't send the storms, but He uses them.
RT @Epic_Women: Put God first.
RT @Quote_Soup: Some people pass through our lives in a shorter time frame than we had hoped to teach us things they never could have taugh…
RT @LV_Sports: When you see tears in my eyes, you see it's not about the wins or the losses, It's about the opportunity. -Ray Lewis
RT @MotivatedLiving: There comes a point in your life when you realize who really matters, who never did, and who always will.
RT @ohteenquotes: Be you, bravely.
RT @Scripture_Truth: God has never stopped being good, we've just stop being grateful.
RT @Inspire_Us: The tragedy in life doesn't lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies in having no goal to reach. - Benjamin Mays
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Your past is done, so forget it, your future is yet to come, so dream it, but your present is now, so live it with no…
RT @Godly_Life: Disappointments were not meant to destroy you. They were meant to strengthen you &amp; give you fortitude to accomplish your Go…
RT @God_Loved: For God so loved the world that he gave his one &amp; only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal l…
RT @AmazingiGrace: The story of your life has many chapters. One bad chapter doesn't mean it's the end of the book.
RT @JesusSaves_Broo: My heart goes out to every Christian. It’s not easy serving Jesus in this world that we live in today. So many distrac…
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: It is painful when you realize you were more invested in a friendship than the other person. But do not withdraw from e…
RT @PastorJohnHagee: When He cried, “It is finished” and He rose from the dead, death was ended, poverty ended. Sickness and disease lost i…
RT @GodsMotivations: Then you will call on me and come and pray to me, and I will listen to you.	Jeremiah 29:12
RT @IIIDeaton: Praying today for all being attacked by demons of doubt intent on destroying faith and creating despair.  May the voice of t…
RT @Kimblest1: "Child of God, you cost Christ too much for Him to forget you." ~ Spurgeon
RT @HLERadio: No matter what you are facing today, stand strong in Jesus!
RT @KendrickBros: "Therefore if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creature; the old things passed away; behold, new things have come." 2 Cor…
RT @yeshua_porvida: Nobody “finds”Jesus. He was never lost. The father “finds” us and draws us to Jesus. We were the lost ones. #Jesus
RT @ToddTrotter3: A song of ascents.	I call on the LORD in my distress, and he answers me.Psalms 120:1
RT @msudawg1978: Exodus  20:1 And God spake all these words, saying,  20:2 I am the LORD thy God, which have brought thee out of the land o…
RT @GregPetka: Enter into his gates with thanksgiving, and into his courts with praise: be thankful unto him, and bless his name. https://t…
RT @_TheBibleSays_: How blessed is the one who does not follow the advice of the wicked, or stand in the pathway with sinners,or sit in the…
RT @Sheltieman3: 7 Therefore, if You will worship before me, all will be Yours.”	8 And Jesus answered and said to him, “Get behind Me, Sata…
RT @can2009: #God is love!  Love is #God!  It is as simple as that!
RT @KathieLGifford: He fulfills the desires of those who worship Him; He hears their cry and saves them.  Psalm 145:19
RT @JesusGraces: God understands our prayers even when we can't find the words to say them.
RT @LifeLimits: Always remember who was there for you when no one else was.
RT @ambassador277: We serve an AWESOME GOD!  Let's all shout a mighty AMEN!  The Devil don't like that.
RT @PrayInFaith: When the enemy tells you you're going to fail at something, do it anyway. Nothing is more frightening than never changing.
RT @IIIDeaton: Today , I'm look'n at things "not seen" !   God, Jesus, the Holy Spirit 		" While we look not at the things which are seen,…
RT @God_Loved: Take my yoke upon you &amp; learn from me, for I am gentle &amp; humble in heart, &amp; you will find rest for your souls. -Matt 11:29
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Don't treat people as bad as they are, treat them as good as you are.
RT @MotivatedLiving: Stay strong, be positive. We all struggle sometimes.
RT @ArmorOGod: We almost always see only what's wrong with other people and not what's wrong with us.
RT @GodsMotivations: Yours, Lord, is the greatness and the power	and the glory and the majesty and the splendor,	for everything in heaven a…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: When God is executing His plan in our lives, He designs and arranges events which continue to unfold until His purpose i…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Again, we are gathered to celebrate Jesus in The SCOAN. Join the choir in outpouring moment of praise and worship as we…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: God is constantly putting us to the test in the small things. If you fail to bless others with the little God has given…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Whatever you give out of little, it means a lot to you because it attracts God’s attention. If you do not know how much…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: If we don’t know how much we need God in the small things such as to walk, talk, smile, greet, dress up, you will always…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: A break in prayer is a break in faith, and a break in faith is a break with God. When you know how much you need God, yo…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Please, pray constantly in your heart, pray without ceasing – in hymns, spiritual songs and making melodies in your hear…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: God is so much concerned about your little possessions because He wants you to grow. When you part with little, consider…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Are you connected to Jesus Christ? With God, all things are possible! Whatever your complaint, sickness, affliction, pro…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: A young boy receives Christ’s new life in his system, throws away his crutches and walks in the light of Christ! “Jesus…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: The evil spirit is behind the affliction; it is responsible for the affliction. Command any spirit that is not of Jesus…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Every voice of pain and affliction – cease, in the name of Jesus Christ!
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Mercy! Mercy!!	Locate me in Your mercy and deliver me, Lord. 	Locate me in Your mercy and heal me, Lord. 	Locate me in Y…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Prophecy is taking place now in The SCOAN Live Sunday Service. As the voice of God locates those in the congregation, re…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Viewers all over the world, touch your screen by faith in Jesus’ name as you pray along with Prophet T.B. Joshua! Your h…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Begin to see yourself the way God sees you – a person without affliction, hardship, stagnation. This is the way God sees…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Too many people try to get acquainted with God through their feelings. When they feel good, they think God has heard the…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: https://t.co/edoDmQ5X96
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Welcome to The SCOAN Live Sunday Service. As you join us today, prepare your heart to witness the undeniable practical e…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Your testimony is a moment away, believing that everything you need is in God’s presence. As God is about to lift every…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Mrs Aina Ugwanga, Namibian, raced to The SCOAN to seek the face of God when doctors suggested a surgical operation as a…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Master Chinedu Okafor suffered from avascular necrosis of the head of the femur as a result of the sickle cell disease h…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: A Ghanaian civil engineer, Mr Ernest Boakye was healed from blindness that struck him for 10 years after an accident as…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Dorothy suffered from bedwetting since her childhood but was delivered through the New Morning Water and her brother set…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Mr and Mrs Macarby from Ghana, were traumatised with an issue that plagued their marital home – barrenness. Mrs Macarby…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Prophet T.B. Joshua is at the altar, delivering Good News, titled: “Knowing Jesus, Knowing The Holy Spirit”.
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: The spirit is the organ by which we apprehend divine things - #TBJoshua
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: I am more comfortable walking in the Spirit. That is where I can hear Jesus. #TBJoshua
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: God gives us His Spirit to apprehend him - #TBJoshua
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: It is the erroneous assumption that spiritual truths can be intellectually perceived - #TBJoshua https://t.co/Mfl63DLHAw
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Each Scripture is given by inspiration of God and it is profitable (2 Timothy 3:16) - #TBJoshua
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: If you are not filled with the Holy Spirit, you cannot obey the written Word. If you cannot obey the Scripture, you quen…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: You are not serving God without the Holy Spirit.	If you serve God without the Holy Spirit, you are serving a god you do…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: A man cannot receive, except it is given from Above - #TBJoshua https://t.co/RH1YwMVkzV
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Many came from different parts of the world to receive their healing and deliverance through God’s anointed servant Prop…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Mrs Anna Cleland-Boldt, 50, from Germany, had suffered 18 excruciating painful years of stiff neck and lumbar syndrome.…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Mr Andrew Chukwu, 55, from Abuja – Nigeria, decided to visit The SCOAN after exhausting his human efforts to free himsel…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Mr Lucky Jimoh, a 53-year old Edo native, had been suffering from cervical and lumbar spondylosis for 2 years that compr…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: When Mr Charles Addoquaye, 54, arrived at The SCOAN with difficulty in walking due to 9 years of chronic waist pain and…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Viewers all over the world, Prophet T.B. Joshua is conducting the Mass Prayer right now, in the name of Jesus Christ! To…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: As Prophet T.B. Joshua moves in the midst of the congregation and ministers prophecy and deliverance, allow your heart t…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Holy Spirit, rain on me, the power of deliverance!
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Disease in your blood, liver, bones, fluid, kidney’s, I command them out!
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: Whatever hinders your blessing, healing, deliverance - give way, in the name of Jesus! I remove that spirit of stagnatio…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: It is His will to set you free – be free, in the name of Jesus! It is His will to heal you – be healed, in the name of J…
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: You can read your New Testament and still never find Jesus in it. You can be a publisher of the Bible, you can know abou…
RT @HealingMB: Less:          More:	———       ———	Judging     Helping	Doubting   Supporting	Blaming     Accountability	Talking       Listen…
RT @trustinthelordd: God gives different people different talents. Wherever He has you, He has you there for a purpose.
RT @GodsMotivations: My mouth is filled with your praise,	declaring your splendor all day long.	Psalm 71:8
RT @FwJesus: Sometimes God removes things from our lives for our own protection. Trust in Him.
RT @SwerSeven: The Lord is my rock, and my fortress, and my deliverer; my God, my strength, in whom I will trust; my buckl…	https://t.co/9g…
RT @Marvel0usJesus: Praise the Lord, call upon His name.	Declare His deeds among the peoples	Make mention that His name is exalted.	Sing to…
RT @ArmorOGod: Don't let negative pictures play on the movie screen of your mind. You own the remote control. All you have to do is change…
RT @fgathige: 1Peter 2:9 'But you are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, an holy nation, a peculiar people; that you should show fort…
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Be strong when you are weak, brave when you are scared and humble when you are victorious.
RT @ArmorOGod: Take up the whole armor of God so you may be able to stand in the evil day - Ephesians 6:13
RT @MotivatedLiving: In my life, I've lived, I've loved, I've lost, I've missed, I've hurt, I've trusted, I've made mistakes. But most of a…
RT @PastorJohnHagee: Your relationship with Jesus Christ is determined by one thing, God’s will. (Matthew 12:50). If you’re not doing God’s…
RT @Godly_Life: Selfishness is weakness. But loving and caring for others is a position of power beyond anything we can possibly imagine.
RT @ohteenquotes: Love comes in a package. It comes with a person's imperfection and flaws, their appearance and personality. And when you…
RT @IIIDeaton: Solomon asked for wisdom and that pleased God because it meant he genuinely wanted more of God .  No gift can ever exceed th…
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Do not worry about your future or how you are going to accomplish a dream. God has already lined up what you need.
RT @fgathige: 1Timothy 6:15-16 ...(Jesus Christ) who is the blessed and only Pontentate, the King of Kings and Lord of Lords: Who only has…
RT @Godly_Life: Don't worry God is taking care of you.. even if it may seem you are all alone.
RT @ohteenquotes: Be proud of yourself for how hard you’re trying 💪🏻
RT @UfcYoda: https://t.co/neu3su7oGf
RT @Peterjohn2016: 1 Peter 5:7 (KJV) Casting all your care upon him; for he careth for you.
RT @TBJoshuaEspanol: Es erróneo asumir que las verdades espirituales pueden ser percibidas intelectualmente. https://t.co/ULAPlxRct8
RT @ambassador277: #Christians who don't behave like #Christians can actually turn other people off and keep them from even wanting to beco…
RT @AmazingiGrace: If we live by the Spirit, let us also be guided by the Spirit. -Gala 5.25
RT @Quote_Soup: The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another.
RT @Inspowerco: Sometimes the bad things that happen in our lives put us directly in the path of the best things that will ever happen to u…
RT @PastorJohnHagee: Until you receive Jesus Christ, as the Lord of your life, you can’t get to God the father.
RT @MotivatedLiving: Fake friends are easy to find and easy to lose but real friends are the hardest to find and hardest to lose.
RT @can2009: #Christ has already won and fought our battle for us. Satan have no dominion over us! We are more than conquerors. Do we all k…
RT @Scripture_Truth: Do not judge so that you will not be judged. -Matthew 7:1
RT @ohteenquotes: Never cry for that person who doesn't know the value of your tears. 💯
RT @Marvel0usJesus: Above all, love each other deeply, because love covers over a multitude of sins. 	1 Peter 4:8
RT @Godly_Life: What God intended for you goes far beyond anything you can imagine. Never lose hope and hang on to God's hand.
RT @Inspire_Us: Don't compare your Chapter 1 to someone else's Chapter 20.
RT @The_Gospels: Jesus said, "Come to me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest" -Matthew 11:28
RT @God_Loved: Let go of the disappointments and setbacks in your life and hang on to the promises of God for your future.
RT @StokedDaily: If you want help, help others. If you want love, give it. If you want respect, show it. Whatever you want more of, start g…
RT @MotivatedLiving: Honestly, I don't have time to hate people who hate me, because I'm too busy loving people who love me.
RT @ToddTrotter3: The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of convenience, but where he stands in moments of challen…
RT @ArmorOGod: Don't give up on the people you love. Your patient love and faithfulness may be exactly what they need to make a complete tu…
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: It's your time for manifestation! You will see God's goodness like never before. A tsunami of blessings &amp; favor is comi…
RT @FaithReeI: Prayer changes more than things, it changes you.
RT @Tweets2Motivate: In order to succeed, you must first be willing to experience failure.
RT @ohteenquotes: Love doesn't hurt. Lying, cheating and screwing with people's feelings and emotions are what hurts.
RT @Inspire_Us: God can turn around any situation.
RT @InspowerMinds: Dear God, thank you for today, yesterday, tomorrow and forever, I'm thankful for my life.
RT @Godly_Life: God has a wonderful way of turning negatives into positives.
RT @MotivatedLiving: As we grow up, we realize it becomes less important to have a ton of friends, and more important to have real ones.
RT @JesusSaves_Broo: JESUS IS MY KING 👑 	JESUS IS MY HEALER 🙏🏻 	JESUS IS MY FATHER 	JESUS IS MY MASTER	JESUS IS MY TEACHER 👨‍🏫 	JESUS IS MY…
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Moving on is not wrong, unless Jesus is asking you to stay put.
RT @PastorJohnHagee: It is the Lord that will give you houses you did not build (Deuteronomy 6:10), vineyards that you did not plant, and w…
RT @VictoriaOsteen: Someone is looking at your example and making decisions about their own life. Be an example of God’s love and goodness.
RT @RealTalkKim: When you are willing to feel it, you can heal it.
RT @lyfetreker: If Jesus Christ was beaten, spat upon, mocked and then crucified for you, what makes you think that He’s forgotten you now?…
RT @lyfetreker: — If your church is driven more on emotions and entertainment rather than sound teaching and preaching from the Holy Word o…
RT @lyfetreker: Jesus Christ, the only answer for this broken and fallen world.
RT @CalebTuckerOH: Ever sit back and wonder how you can do something you never thought you could, but then you realize you’re good at it an…
RT @OhSnappItsAngel: 🗣️🗣️🗣️ There is no limit when God is in it!!!!!!!!!!
RT @JerryEdmon: You should only be extravagant in two areas, giving and hospitality.
RT @JFischer3597: Listening to God is our decision; no one else can make it for us.
RT @Cathyluvs2hike: Lord help me be a reflection of your love!                                                 And be ye kind one to anothe…
RT @nativejeweler1: Jesus is in our future, and if we know Him as our Savior, He is there to receive us unto Himself that we may be with Hi…
RT @ambassador277: Faith is walking into a thick dark tunnel knowing that once entered you will see the light.
RT @Lasting_Things: Lord fill me with the fullness of your Endless Love and Grace.
RT @MotivatedLiving: Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots.
RT @livingforjc: There is nothing more important in your life than God.
RT @LV_Sports: You must have goals. Keep working. https://t.co/at1gkqhrBW
RT @PhilHopper: Let no corrupt word proceed out of your mouth. but what is good for necessary edification, that it may impart grace to the…
RT @HealingMB: It’s so important to realize that every time you get upset, it drains your emotional energy. Losing your cool makes you tire…
RT @sports_moxy: The difference between try and triumph is a little UMPH.
RT @GODs_Graces: Certain thoughts are prayers.  There are moments when, whatever be the attitude of the body, the soul is on its knees.  -V…
RT @ObedArchimedes: Our prayer don't change God but changes us.Pray without ceasing until there is a change.@sues3jewels @DerronEShort @Mrs…
RT @can2009: We don't have to understand everything that #God asks us to do. We just need to do it.
RT @Saintly_Life: My life isn't perfect but I'm thankful for everything I have.
RT @can2009: If you want to make something bigger, then don't make your problems bigger. Learn instead to make #God bigger.
RT @ambassador277: When you are born again, you become a citizen of heaven.
RT @Sports_Greats: If you can't outplay them, outwork them. -Ben Hogan
RT @MotivatedLiving: On the road to success, there's a curve called failure, a loop called confusion, speed bumps called friends and red li…
RT @Inspowerco: Be strong when you are weak, brave when you are scared and humble when you are victorious.
RT @marvinsapp: #MarvinsMotivationalMoment #MirrorTalk #Epiphany #UWillBeOkThough #CommandYourDay #BeAmazing https://t.co/NsQLGSbNI2
RT @Marvel0usJesus: Let us therefore come boldly to the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy and find grace to help in time of need.	H…
RT @MinLeeRice: Put the devil on notice - that you know #God has already equipped us with the weapons we need to defeat him - in the name o…
RT @thequote: Even great men can be corrupted. - J Edgar Hoover
RT @Inspire_Us: Participate in life instead of just watching it pass you by.
RT @gracepoint555: To grow up spiritually is not a process of trying really hard not to sin		It's a process of waking up to your righteousn…
RT @livechristian1: I need you Lord.
RT @hawkins_parris: Be strong in the Lord &amp; in the power of his might (Eph 6:10), God has a plan for you. God loves you, God bless you. Kee…
RT @WomenOfHistory: The only person you should try to be better than, is the person you were yesterday.
RT @MotivatedLiving: You can't go back and change the past, so look to the future and don't make the same mistake twice.
RT @can2009: Trust in the Lord with all your heart, and do not lean on your own understanding.  Pv 3:5
RT @SandiHKaye: “For God is not unrighteous to forget your work and labour of love, which ye have shewed toward his name, in that ye have m…
RT @Epic_Women: Smiling is the best way to face any problem, to crush every fear and to hide every pain.
RT @IIIDeaton: " I have given them your word, and the world has hated them because they are not of the world, just as I am not of the world…
RT @ohteenquotes: Forgiving is easy but trusting them again is totally a different story.
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Know this: Sometimes you face challenges not because you are doing something wrong, but because you are doing something…
RT @Quote_Soup: It requires less character to discover the faults of others, than to tolerate them. -J. Petit Senn
RT @PrayInFaith: God doesn't care what you're not. He cares who you are. You are His. When He adds His extra to your ordinary, nothing is i…
RT @ambassador277: You can never speak to the wrong person about #Christ.
RT @AmazingiGrace: This is the day which the LORD has made; let us rejoice and be glad in it. -Psalm 118:24
RT @SylvesterMcNutt: Five things to give up:		Excessive overthinking	Fearing change	Living in the past	Negative self-talk	Trying to please…
RT @l_Love_Sports: Don't play for what your jersey says on the back, play for what it says on the front.
RT @GodsMotivations: The prudent see danger and take refuge,	but the simple keep going and pay the penalty.	Proverbs 27:12
RT @Quote_Soup: To wish you were someone else is to waste the person you are.
RT @One_Of_His: Matthew 18:11 KJV	“For the Son of man is come to save that which was lost.”	#ThingsJesusSaid	-saving us from ourselves	#Tha…
RT @One_Of_His: Luke 11:35-36 KJV	Take heed therefore that the light which is in thee be not darkness.		If thy whole body therefore be full…
RT @jdmorgan515: For I am not ashamed of the Gospel of Christ: for it is the Power of God unto Salvation to every one that believeth; to th…
RT @Sports_Greats: If you even dream of beating me, you'd better wake up and apologize. –Muhammad Ali
RT @aref4950: Holy Father, please use me to bless others just as your presence now blesses me. In Jesus' name I pray. Amen.
RT @MinLeeRice: #God has open doors for many of us.  We simply have walk through.  Just don't look back!
RT @ToddTrotter3: Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. - Martin Luther King Jr.
RT @DavidRoads: Be sure to taste your words before you spit them out.
RT @ambassador277: There is no hope for victory, if we don't spend time with #God.
RT @BookOProverbs: Trust in the Lord with all your heart, &amp; do not lean on your own understanding. -Proverbs 3:5
RT @PrayInFaith: Every morning I spend fifteen minutes filling my mind full of God; &amp; so there's no room left for worry thoughts.  -Howard…
RT @can2009: NO weapon formed against ME shall prosper!
RT @The_Gospels: For I am with you, &amp; no one is going to attack &amp; harm you, because I have many people in this city. -Acts 18:10
RT @Inspowerco: Strong people stand up for themselves, but stronger people stand up for others.
RT @Janay_Ellis: #Important Reminder: 🙏	Don't Let The #Enemy Hold You Back, No Matter What You Walk	Through, Remember, #God Has Good In Sto…
RT @Quote_Soup: You were born to make an impact.
RT @Marvel0usJesus: For thus says the Lord to the house of Israel:	“Seek Me and live." 	Amos 5:4
RT @Inspire_Us: Life may not be the party we hoped for, but while we're here we should dance.
RT @Scripture_Truth: Pleasant words are as a honeycomb, sweet to the mind &amp; healing to the body. -Proverbs 16:24
RT @Tweets2Motivate: If you don't fight for what you want, then don't cry for what you lost.
RT @MinLeeRice: Whatever level you are at now, #God is about to move you from the background to the foreground.
RT @tara_homsey: Lord. I sin everyday. Like Paul said, “what I want to do I do not do, but what I hate I do.” If not for your infinite grac…
RT @BookOProverbs: A patient man has great understanding, but a quick-tempered man displays folly. -Prov 14:25
RT @MotivatedLiving: Don't give up just because things are hard.
RT @FaithReeI: Some people talk about finding God - as if He could get lost.
RT @GMommy7: I got a praise for Him that I just can't keep to myself.
RT @momwhopray: Jesus replied: "Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind." -Matthew 22:37
RT @ArmorOGod: Don't be afraid be inspired. God gave us talents and He wants us to use them.
RT @IIIDeaton: " I made known to them your name, and I will continue to make it known, that the love with which you have loved me, may be i…
RT @LivPsy: People with awkward and weird personalities tend to make the best friends!
RT @can2009: We can be so involved with so many things, that we may miss #God's blessings, that's all around us.
RT @Quote_Soup: Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life. -Golda Meir
RT @JoelOsteen: When you keep God on the throne, you’ll be in peace when you should be panicked. You’ll be praising when you should be comp…
RT @MotivatedLiving: It does not matter how many times you get knocked down, but how many times you get up.
RT @Sheltieman3: 23 for all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God, 24 being justified freely by His grace through the redemption t…
RT @Godly_Life: People may hurt your heart, but God will heal your heart.
RT @ambassador277: The devil will set you up - to upset you.  But if #God is with you, there is NOTHING the devil can do to you without His…
RT @thequote: It is better to stay silent and be thought a fool, than to open one's mouth and remove all doubt. - Abraham Lincoln
RT @Scripture_Truth: The thief comes only to steal &amp; kill &amp; destroy; I have come that they may have life, &amp; have it to the full. -John 10:10
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Stay positive. Stay fighting. Stay brave. Stay ambitious. Stay focused. Stay strong.
RT @God_Loved: For God did not send the Son into the world to judge the world, but that the world might be saved through Him. -John 3:17
RT @ToddTrotter3: 1 Peter 4:8		"Above all, keep loving one another earnestly, since love covers a multitude of sins."	God Bless You (:
RT @LV_Sports: STRENGTH doesn't come from what you can do. It comes from OVERCOMING the things you COULDN'T -Rikki Rogers
RT @Marvel0usJesus: add to your faith virtue, 	to virtue knowledge, 	to knowledge self-control, 	to self-control perseverance, 	to persever…
RT @Inspire_Us: Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark. Professionals built the Titanic.
RT @Godly_Life: But I say to you who hear, love your enemies, do good to those who hate you -Luke 6:27
RT @BookOProverbs: Doing what is right &amp; fair pleases the Lord more than an offering. -Proverbs 21:3
RT @The_Gospels: Do not brag about tomorrow, because you do not know what another day may bring. -Proverbs 27:1
RT @MotivatedLiving: God has perfect timing; never early, never late. It takes a little patience and it takes a lot of faith but it's worth…
RT @can2009: If you know the Devil is a liar and he's been lying to you - why get upset about it?  Tell him to go to Hell.  That's his addr…
RT @AmazingiGrace: You may have weaknesses, but God has strength. You may have sin, but God has grace. You may fail, but God remains faithf…
RT @FamousWomen: Smiling doesn't necessarily mean you're happy. Sometimes it just means you're strong.
RT @IIIDeaton: " I do not ask for these only, but also for those who will believe in me through their word." John 17:20		Confess Jesus and…
RT @FwJesus: If you don't think you have any blessings remember your heart is still beating.
RT @MaciekKrzycki: "To be a #leader, you have to make people want to #follow you, and nobody wants to follow someone who doesn't #know wher…
RT @sports_moxy: You can make excuses or you can make it happen.
RT @Scripture_Truth: You are wonderful, LORD, &amp; you deserve all praise, because you are much greater than anyone can understand. -Psalm 145…
RT @loa_thesecret: Your mind is the strongest and the most powerful healer of your body.		Be positive, be happy!
RT @ArmorOGod: What God intended for you goes far beyond anything you can imagine. Never lose hope and hang on to God's hand.
RT @Epic_Women: Look for something positive in each day, even if some days you have to look a little harder
RT @Quote_Soup: Step through new doors. The majority of the time there's something fantastic on the other side.
RT @Tweets2Motivate: A good life is when you smile often, dream big, laugh a lot and realize how blessed you are for what you have.
RT @WomenOfHistory: You were born with the ability to change someone's life - don't ever waste it.
RT @PastorJohnHagee: “Give, and it will be given to you: good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over will be put into you…
RT @MotivatedLiving: Success isn't something given, it's something earned. So go out there, work hard, and make your dreams come true!
RT @moms_pray: God understands our prayers even when we can't find the words to say them.
RT @GodsMotivations: Whoever dwells in the shelter of the Most High	will rest in the shadow of the Almighty.	I will say of the Lord, “He is…
RT @Inspire_Us: The greatest act of faith some days is to simply get up and face another day.
RT @Godly_Life: God is more concerned about your heart than your performance. If your heart is right, your performance will eventually catc…
RT @OldKingJames: The LORD is my shepherd; I shall not want. Psalms 23:1
RT @Epic_Women: Your past was never a mistake if you learned from it.
RT @JesusSaves_Broo: Jesus offered up his own life to save us. That’s true love.
RT @DeniseDeault: Even when it seems dark in your life-God can AND will bring His light into your circumstances, into your heart. He promis…
RT @AmazingiGrace: Refuse to be fearful about what will happen to you. God is faithful and He will take care of you if you trust Him.
RT @PastorJohnHagee: There is a difference in knowing about Christ, and knowing Christ.
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Sometimes we think we need more things, but really what we need is MORE OF GOD.
RT @VictoriaOsteen: There is joy in giving. If you are feeling weary or discouraged, find someone to be a blessing to. Meet a need for some…
RT @StokedDaily: No matter how educated, talented, rich or cool you believe you are, how you treat people ultimately tells all.
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Sometimes, you will have to go through the wilderness to get to the promise.
RT @JoelOsteen: Your race is specifically for you. You’re not in competition with your friends, your neighbors, your coworkers, or your sib…
RT @VictoriaOsteen: Hebrews 10 says to hold fast to your profession of faith. In other words, don’t speak against the vision God has given…
RT @Relationship006: If you are frustrated by a man who is ignoring your calls or is taking you for granted…	If you wish your man were more…
RT @Relationship006: If you are frustrated by a man who is ignoring your calls or is taking you for granted…	If you wish your man were more…
RT @Relationship006: Are you repelling men? 	If you feel you're missing out on the love and passion you truly deserve in your life…	You nee…
RT @Relationship006: Attention all single, dating and married women...	Are you missing out on the LOVE, Passion, and Connection that you de…
RT @Relationship006: Attention all single, dating and married women...	Are you missing out on the LOVE, Passion, and Connection that you de…
RT @Relationship006: Attention all single, dating and married women...	Are you missing out on the LOVE, Passion, and Connection that you de…
RT @RealTalkKim: Before you complain, remember the days you prayed for what you have now.
RT @PastorJohnHagee: Wealth and fame will not bring you peace. Only Jesus Christ, the Prince of Peace, can give you true rest.
RT @RealTalkKim: If it doesn't open, it's not your door!!!
RT @twocblog1: Heavenly Father In Jesus' name thank You that as a believer in Christ I have access to Your perfect wisdom. James3:17"But th…
RT @twocblog1: Heavenly Father in Jesus' Name thank You for Your following attribute.  "The impossible is where God starts." Christine Cain…
RT @JAYVERSACE: sending love to everyone that’s trying to heal from things that they don’t discuss
RT @RealTalkKim: How many scars did we justify because we loved the person holding the knife?
RT @RealTalkKim: You don’t have to slander everybody you disconnect from!
RT @jrodniexo: It's funny how fast life can change on you.
RT @jrodniexo: You don't have to have everything figured out right now, just live. ❤
RT @jrodniexo: We are all broken, that's how the light gets in. 		-Ernest Hemingway
RT @jrodniexo: Let your past make you better, not bitter.
RT @jrodniexo: Be a good one. https://t.co/tts7e4RPfe
RT @jrodniexo: 💁🏼‍♀️ https://t.co/4lUjd7hylc
RT @jrodniexo: Sometimes an adventure just has to end for a new one to begin.
RT @jrodniexo: If you don't like yourself, change. You can do that.
RT @jrodniexo: Flowers grow back even after they are stepped on.
RT @jrodniexo: If a girl says she'll be ready in 5 minutes, then she will. No need to remind her every 15 minutes about it. 💁🏼‍♀️
RT @jrodniexo: https://t.co/A13lyq24HY
RT @jrodniexo: Sometimes the grass is greener on the other side because it's fake.
RT @jrodniexo: You can never plan the future by the past.
RT @MindBLife: Find a heart that will love you at your worst, and arms that will hold you at your weakest.
RT @MindBLife: I like conversations where I don't have to think about what to say, it just comes naturally.
RT @MindBLife: Be grateful for the good times and keep the faith during the bad times. Stay positive when life gives you every reason to be…
RT @MindBLife: "It's impossible", said PRIDE.	"It's risky", said EXPERIENCE.	"It's pointless", said REASON.	"Give it a try", said AMBITION.
RT @PsyLiving: Have you ever just stopped and realized that if you hadn’t met a certain person in your life, your life would be completely…
RT @PsyLiving: Maturity is silent. Confidence is silent. Success is silent. Let your life do the talking &amp; you never have to say a word.
RT @PsyLiving: Sometimes those who don't socialize much aren't actually anti-social, they just have no tolerance for drama and fake people.
RT @MindBLife: 3 kinds of friends:		Friends for a reason.	Friends for a season.	Friends for a lifetime.
RT @MindBLife: No matter how good or bad you think life is, wake up each day and be thankful for life. Someone somewhere else is fighting t…
RT @PsyLiving: Talking to yourself can improve your mood, enhance your intelligence and boost self esteem.
RT @KJVBaptist193: Colossians 2:2	“That their hearts might be comforted, being knit together in love, and unto all riches of the full assur…
RT @inspiremelounge: Here I am! I stand at the door and knock. If anyone hears my voice and opens the door, I will come in and eat with the…
RT @MotivatedLiving: In life, I have made a lot mistakes and I have felt a lot of pain, but mistakes make me smarter and pain makes me stro…
RT @Scripture_Truth: Blessed are the peacemakers, for they will be called children of God. -Matthew 5.9
RT @ohteenquotes: The best revenge is to show them that your life’s getting better after they’re gone.
RT @StokedDaily: Two things to remember in life: Take care of your thoughts when you're alone, and take care of your words when you're with…
RT @MotivatedLiving: Don't feel sad over someone who gave up on you, feel sorry for them because they gave up on someone who would have nev…
RT @MotivatedLiving: Life has many different chapters for us. One bad chapter doesn't mean it's the end of the book.
RT @ohteenquotes: Never stop chasing your dreams no matter what gets in your way.
RT @Godly_Life: Darkness cannot put out the Light.  It can only make God brighter.
RT @Inspire_Us: You always have a place to run to, always. The place is GOD
RT @Marvel0usJesus: If you declare with your mouth, “Jesus is Lord,” and believe in your heart that God raised Him from the dead, you will…
RT @MotivatedLiving: The secret of being happy is accepting where you are in life and making the most out of everyday.
RT @ToddTrotter3: Good Morning 		2 Peter 3:9		"The Lord is not slow to fulfill his promise as some count slowness, but is patient toward yo…
RT @Bible_Time: I have hidden your word in my heart that I might not sin against you. -Psalm 119:11
RT @StokedDaily: No matter what happens in life, keep a good heart. A heart of trust &amp; patience. Don't let the darkness of some people hard…
RT @ohteenquotes: Ever wondered how different your life would be if that “one thing” never happened?
RT @The_Gospels: For the Spirit God gave us does not make us timid, but gives us power, love and self-discipline. -2Timothy 1:7
RT @Scripture_Truth: I'm a failure. He's my forgiver	I'm a sinner. He's my savior.	I'm broken. He's my healer.	I'm His child. He's my God.
RT @ArmorOGod: If you are always talking about your problems, don't be surprised if you live in perpetual defeat.
RT @IIIDeaton: I do not worry about Christians fighting disobedience when I can see their genuine desire for obedience . 		PATIENCE is LOVE…
RT @God_Loved: Prayer should be the Key in the Morning, And The Lock at night!!
RT @PastorJohnHagee: God can give you hope in the darkest night because He is the God who delivers!
RT @DerronEShort: Dont let what happened yesterday keep you from moving forward today.... The best is yet to come.
RT @MotivatedLiving: Never say goodbye when you still want to try. Never give up when you can still take it. Never say you don't love them…
RT @Godly_Life: Every day is a new start. A new chapter to turn everything around. You have to let go of the hurt before you can start fres…
RT @ohteenquotes: You can’t always be strong but you can always be brave 💪🏻
RT @God_Loved: God let me accept the things I cant change, courage to change things I can &amp; the wisdom to know the difference.
RT @Godly_Life: You never really know yourself until you see yourself under pressure.
RT @PastorJohnHagee: No matter how tumultuous your circumstance, He will always be just a prayer away.
RT @ohteenquotes: Don't be afraid to make a mistake, be proud of what you learn from that mistake.
RT @ArmorOGod: Never let people's negative thoughts about you hinder you from accomplishing what God put in your heart. Dare to dream and d…
RT @Pontifex: Let us pray that programmes for development may predominate in the world, and not those for weapons.
RT @MotivatedLiving: A good life is when you assume nothing, do more, need less, smile often, dream big, laugh a lot and realize how blesse…
RT @Inspire_Us: When you choose to forgive those who have hurt you, you take away their power.
RT @IIIDeaton: In my case the realization of just exactly what Jesus did for me on the Cross took time. When it finally hit home is when my…
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: When God puts a promise in your heart, you have to come to a place where you believe in that promise so strongly no one…
RT @PastorJohnHagee: Remember this truth: you were born to be blessed!
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Believe in yourself again! It's not over until God says it's over. You are Triumphant, Victorious, &amp; Courageous.
RT @JoelOsteen: It may not be happening on your timetable, but God knows when it's the right time. Quit worrying. Quit being frustrated. Yo…
RT @ShamelLakins: Get into the habit of preaching to yourself.🌿The Hebrew word for meditate is "hagah" which also means: to moan, growl, ut…
RT @becausemomsayss: A mom is a son's first love and a daughter's first friend.
RT @aminugamawa: Very useful video on how to become wealthy! Enjoy! https://t.co/rObfAJqfqX
RT @Paula_White: Don’t settle for less than what God has for you...
RT @VictoriaOsteen: Growing with God is a process. He’s not looking for perfection, He’s looking for faith and patience. When we surrender…
RT @RealTalkKim: Don’t forget God when you get what you prayed for.
@TVCconnect Nigeria has more than 50 minerals resources. Why can't they generate revenue from them. Nigeria is one of the most richest country in the world.
RT @ohteenquotes: “You are pretty. You are gorgeous. You are beautiful. You are flawless. You simply slay and no one can tell you different…
RT @Godly_Life: This is the day that the Lord has made; let us rejoice and be glad in it. -Psalm 118.24
RT @cindytrimm: Today is a day of breakthroughs! May God put a smile on your face and a tickle in your heart! May favour follow you through…
RT @HeatherLLove: I'm not afraid to fail. Either I will sit around in fear or I will step out on faith. And, it's safe to say that I haven'…
RT @MotivatedLiving: Just because something hasn't worked out for you now, doesn't mean there isn't something big in store for you in the f…
RT @Quote_Soup: Eventually all things fall into place. Until then, laugh at the confusion, live for the moments, and know everything happen…
RT @God_Loved: There is a blessing hidden in every trial in life, but you have to be willing to open your heart to see them.
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: When people look down on you and belittle your dreams, God will raise you up like a strong tower to shine bright for th…
RT @Inspire_Us: Promote what you love instead of bashing what you hate.
RT @ohteenquotes: You deserve someone who consistently chooses you. ❤️
RT @ArmorOGod: Wherever you are going, God has already been there and paved the way for you. (Matt 6:27-30)
RT @gods_wisdom_: Keep Praying.
RT @FaithReeI: God is at work in your life right now. He is directing your steps. What you thought was a setback is going to turn out to be…
RT @JoelOsteen: Keep doing the right thing. God sees where you are; He sees what’s happening. He’s collected every tear you’ve shed. Your t…
RT @PastorJohnHagee: May the Lord bless you with peace so that you are not anxious about anything even during your time of distress.
RT @VictoriaOsteen: Everyone has been given the same number of hours in a day. Make it a priority to spend time with the Timeless One and w…
RT @StephanSpeaks: Be the man she thanks God for.
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: There is nothing that God cannot do, and there is nothing that can keep you from the plans He has for you. Do not be sh…
RT @RealTalkKim: Lord, if it's not your will, let it slip through my grasp and give the peace not to worry about it!
RT @Quote_Soup: Gratitude: recognize the good in your life.
RT @ArmorOGod: Teach me, &amp; I will be quiet; show me where I have been wrong. -Job 6:24
RT @BookOProverbs: Sometimes you may feel God is hard on you &amp; doesn't love you... Truth is He Loves you to much to leave you the way you a…
RT @Epic_Women: We don't stop dreaming and exploring because we grow old. We grow old because we stop dreaming and exploring.
RT @can2009: When #Christ comes into our life, we get a brand-new nature. Things will never be the same.
RT @Inspire_Us: Good things come to those who wait. But better things come to those who work for it.
RT @getulla: "19 God is not a man, that he should lie; neither the son of man, that he should repent: hath he said, and shall he not do it?…
RT @l_Love_Sports: Go after your dream, no matter how unattainable others think it is. -Linda Mastandrea
RT @ambassador277: Make a decision that you are going to enjoy every day in #Christ #Jesus.
RT @God_Loved: The LORD is compassionate &amp; gracious, slow to anger, abounding in love. Psalm 103:8
RT @getulla: @JW_Branding @arnie_bragg @karmalchambers @Raywhee87822320 @jlshine5 @Tennyso73797371 @hickoryhill8520 @radioshowccc @cngoolsb…
RT @iamklregister: God will bring you through whatever you're going through. Keep trusting that He's faithful to those who believe in Him.
RT @yeshua_porvida: 1 Chronicles 16:11 Look to the LORD and his strength; seek his face always.
RT @StoningOfSteven: Good morning Lord Father God. You are good. Thank You for the blessing of another day to serve and obey your will for…
RT @ChristineCaine: Stop &amp; pray: God, please show me which tasks You have for me today, and thank You for strength as I persevere and compl…
RT @Stewart7Donna: @MinisterBarry @DallasClaude @hickoryhill8520 @geridynomite @jerryzez @JUBILEE_7DOUBLE @jlshine5 @Jesus_YaHWeH_ @Marvel0…
RT @LifeLimits: No matter how long you have traveled in the wrong direction, you can always turn around.
RT @EllahieCooking: Lord of the poor, we plead to You in prayer for all the poor nations of the world. Grant wisdom,honesty,good management…
RT @EllahieCooking: Lord of the Church, we thank You that You have rescued us from the present evil	age	We pray that by Your power,wisdom,a…
RT @ArmorOGod: Selfishness is weakness. But loving and caring for others is a position of power beyond anything we can possibly imagine.
RT @MichaelRobison: Never say mean words out of anger. Your anger will pass. But your mean words can scar a person for life. So use kind wo…
RT @TheLifeDiaries: Each morning we are born again. What we do today is what matters most.
RT @LV_Sports: I can't imagine a person becoming a success who doesn't give this game of life everything he's got.
RT @ArmorOGod: Make up your mind that you're not going to quit until you see the fruit of what God has placed within you.
RT @God_Loved: If you have faith when you pray, you will be given whatever you ask for. -Matthew 21:22
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: If you want to become wise, the first thing you have to do is feast on God’s Word every day. You do not get it from tel…
RT @JesusSavessBro: God is telling somebody reading this tweet RIGHT NOW to LET IT GO!!You’ve been through a lot in your life and YOU carry…
RT @ohteenquotes: Not everyone that is in your life is meant to stay. Sometimes, you just have to know when to let go.
RT @MotivatedLiving: God, I will never be able to thank you enough for always being there for me.
RT @Godly_Life: Whatever you ask for in prayer with faith, you will receive. -Mat 21:22
RT @Marvel0usJesus: You make known to me the path of life; You will fill me with joy in Your presence, with eternal pleasures at Your right…
RT @StephanSpeaks: Lies create confusion...Confusion will create chaos.
RT @MinLeeRice: In #Order to have a #Change in One's #Life, A Change Must #Occur. If One Keep Doing the Same Thing - They will get the Same…
RT @moms_pray: Follow God's lead. He will never direct you wrong.
RT @FamousWomen: You can forget what hurt you in the past, just never forget what it taught you.
RT @BishopJakes: You don’t want anything in your past to destroy your future. If you don’t have the right method, you can compromise your m…
RT @jesus_saved_me7: In the midst of your hardest moments, you can have confidence and peace that God has hold of your hand. His grip never…
RT @JW_Branding: But God demonstrates His own love for us in this :	While we were still sinners 	Christ died for us 	Romans 5:8 https://t.c…
RT @doucefeline: Therefore my heart is glad, and my glory rejoiceth: my flesh also shall rest in hope.		For thou wilt not leave my soul in…
RT @ourdailybread: The encouragement of a friend can make all the difference.
RT @ambassador277: "To #God be the Glory!"  Took me a long time to really understand that.  All glory is His!  Only He is truly worthy.
RT @paladinsfan: This is the day which the LORD hath made; we will rejoice and be glad in it.  Psalm 118:24 KJV https://t.co/5m5vNnhpY6
RT @can2009: We need to be reminded sometimes that - we are more than conquerors.  Sometimes we forget we have power and authority.
RT @jujutsucop: The harder the fight, the sweeter the victory! Face the challenges today knowing you have a great COACH! https://t.co/zHkI4…
RT @PrayInFaith: Trust the LORD &amp; his mighty power. -Psalm 105:4
RT @FwJesus: A new commandment I give to you, that you love one another, even as I have loved you, that you also love one another. -John 13…
RT @cindytrimm: Be your own beautiful! Never lose the uniqueness of your individuality.  Refuse to dumb down to fit in. Refuse to live as a…
RT @GODs_Graces: Be willing to listen to others and be teachable. You're not right about everything…nobody is.
RT @ledrew: The Voice of Him That Crieth in the Wilderness, Prepare Ye the Way of the Lord, Make Straight in the Desert a Highway for Our G…
RT @LivPsy: Psychology says, no matter how angry you get, you always end up forgiving the people you love.
RT @can2009: When the blood of #Christ summons us to come together as one, we got to move!
RT @LovLikeJesus: LET JESUS TAKE THE WHEEL.
RT @MinLeeRice: So many of us are selling ourselves - when we should be selling #Jesus and His #Gospel.  Remember, the Gospel is Free and a…
RT @StokedDaily: Confidence isn't walking into a room thinking you're better than everyone, it's walking in not having to compare yourself…
RT @ambassador277: No amount of money, education, social standing, or scientific achievement can bring forgiveness of sins.
RT @can2009: #God loved us before the foundation of the world, that we might be sons and daughters of #God before we were anything at all.
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Over-thinking ruins you.
RT @Epic_Women: Choose to look on the bright side.
RT @ArmorOGod: Do not let kindness &amp; truth leave you; Bind them around your neck, Write them on the tablet of your heart. -Prov 3:3
RT @FamousWomen: If you want to fly, you have to give up the stuff that weighs you down.
RT @Inspire_Us: If you are afraid of failure you don't deserve to be successful! -Charles Barkley
RT @PastorJohnHagee: You have unbelievable supernatural power through our divinely directed speech.
RT @can2009: The beautiful thing is, in Him, we have more control - because we know - even that which we make wrong in #God - #Christ makes…
RT @UfcYoda: https://t.co/my6uVZCGbM
RT @aref4950: Holy Father, I am thinking of several precious friends who need the richness of this blessing to fall upon them. Please bless…
RT @SkiltonRay: Isaiah 41:10 	Do not fear, for I am with you; do not be dismayed, for I am your God. I will strengthen you and help you; I…
RT @greglaurie: When we’re seeking God’s will, we want to first be sure it is God’s Word that we’re basing our decisions on. Then we pray f…
RT @GodsMotivations: Truly he is my rock and my salvation;	he is my fortress, I will never be shaken.	Psalm 62:2
RT @vainrai: I know the bride of Christ is undergoing some intense spiritual warfare. Let’s be encouraged saints! We war from a position of…
RT @TabithaKhaye: Sometimes the wrong choices bring us to the right places.
RT @momwhopray: There is a blessing hidden in every trial in life, but you have to be willing to open your heart to see them.
RT @God_Loved: Life is God's novel.  Let him write it.  -Isaac Bashevis Singer
RT @LifeLimits: I am done with the past, the future has plenty of room for change.
RT @ambassador277: Through #Christ #Jesus, #God takes away our sins and gives us His righteousness.  So don't feel guilty about yourself.
RT @sports_moxy: God gives talent. Work transforms talent into genius. -Anna Pavlova
RT @allafrica: Nigerian Adekunle Becomes World's Highest Paid Robotics Engineer https://t.co/KtE9yrhsFX #Nigeria https://t.co/CmduOrHZl4
RT @loa_thesecret: It’s time just to be happy, being angry and sad isn’t worth it anymore just let things flow and be positive.
RT @GreatestQuotes: You cannot truly listen to anyone and do anything else at the same time. - M. Scott Peck
RT @BookOProverbs: Keep a watch on your behaviour; let all your ways be rightly ordered. -Proverbs 4:26
RT @Marvel0usJesus: You too, be patient and stand firm, because the Lord’s coming is near.	James 5:8
RT @SandiHKaye: “He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life: and he that believeth not the Son shall not see life; but the wrath of…
RT @ArmorOGod: Faith in God changes everything.
RT @FwJesus: Don't worry; it never helps anything.	• Pray	• Trust God	• Let it go
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Life is too short to stress over people who don't even deserve to be an issue in your life.
RT @StokedDaily: The most beautiful people we know are those who have known defeat, known suffering, known struggle, and have found their w…
RT @MotivatedLiving: It's much easier to turn a friendship into love than it is to turn love back into a friendship.
RT @ambassador277: Real faith will make you comfortable of not knowing what you are going to do or how things would turn out.
RT @SCOANTBJoshua: At times, our fear, our worries, our troubles paralyse us but Jesus releases us from them all. Lord, give us joy in the…
RT @Quote_Soup: Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. - Mark Twain
RT @can2009: #God has people already lined up to be a blessing to you. You don't have to look for them. They will come to you.
RT @l_Love_Sports: Life is about laughing &amp; living, in good &amp; bad times. Getting through whatever comes our way &amp; looking back &amp; smiling.
RT @Scripture_Truth: G O D I S G O O D
RT @Epic_Women: What defines us is how well we rise after falling.
RT @ArmorOGod: Love always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres. -1Cor 13:7
RT @FaithReeI: God never promises the absence of storms. He just promises to walk with us through them.
RT @Tweets2Motivate: A good life is when you smile often, dream big, laugh a lot and realize how blessed you are for what you have.
RT @FamousWomen: Smile, even if it's fake. Laugh, even if you hurt. Don't let anyone get to you, you're beautiful regardless of what anyone…
RT @AmazingiGrace: Faith in God includes faith in His timing.
RT @Inspire_Us: Happiness is in the heart, not in the circumstances. - Author Unknown
RT @MotivatedLiving: Be positive, stay happy, don't let the negativity or drama of the world get you down. Smile!
RT @Godly_Life: God doesn't move in your life when you struggle; He moves when you pray.
RT @Godstagram: GOD creates	GOD watches	GOD loves	GOD helps	GOD heals	GOD hears	GOD answers	GOD saves	GOD speaks	GOD supports	GOD teaches	G…
RT @Godly_Life: I love you, O LORD, my strength. -Psalm 18:1
RT @ohteenquotes: A good relationship is when you can tell each other anything.
RT @God_Loved: God may not get us out of a situation, but He will give us the strength to get through it.
RT @can2009: There are some people who will never change. Be mindful however, not to let them take away your joy.
RT @MotivatedLiving: You can't be good enough for everybody, but you'll always be the best for the one who deserves you.
RT @ArmorOGod: When life seems hard just remember God knew you before you were born, and he has amazing things in store for you.
RT @ambassador277: Every time you pray, you shine the light of the world on evil - and evil cannot exist in the light of the Son.
RT @Quote_Soup: The happiness of your life depends on the quality of your thoughts.
RT @Inspire_Us: We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.
RT @FaithReeI: Disappointments were not meant to destroy you. They were meant to strengthen you &amp; give you fortitude to accomplish your God…
RT @FamousWomen: Your actions and your words should always agree with each other.
RT @The_Gospels: God demonstrates his own love for us in this: While we were still sinners, Christ died for us. -Romans 5:8
RT @Godly_Life: I believe in the sun even if it isn't shining.  I believe in love even when I am alone.  I believe in God even when He is s…
RT @AmazingiGrace: People who are meant to be together will always find their way back.
RT @Epic_Women: Let yourself be silently drawn by the strange pull of what you really love. It will not lead you astray.
RT @MotivatedLiving: I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how…
RT @Scripture_Truth: If you have faith when you pray, you will be given whatever you ask for -Matthew 21:22
RT @Tweets2Motivate: A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.
RT @ohteenquotes: Keep those people in your life who truly love you, motivate you, and make you happy. ❤️
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Do not forget: Your God is bigger than your giants!
RT @PastorJohnHagee: Everything that comes out of your mouth produces hope or despair, a blessing or curse, life or death.
RT @JoelOsteen: We can get so consumed with what we want that it becomes like an idol. Turn it over to God. Pray, believe, and then leave i…
RT @VictoriaOsteen: Matthew 5:16 says, “Let your light shine before men that they may see your good deeds and glorify God in heaven.”  Peop…
RT @SevenShepherd: "Better is little with the fear of the LORD than great treasure and trouble therewith." ~Proverbs 15:16 #Jesus #God #Bib…
RT @RealTalkKim: When something goes wrong in your life just yell “PLOT TWIST” and MOVE ON!!!
RT @SevenShepherd: "A wrathful man stirreth up strife: but he that is slow to anger appeaseth strife." ~Proverbs 15:18 #Jesus #God #Bible
RT @BrianMonzon: It’s often difficult to discern the truth from false teachings. The enemy is the father of lies,spreading his deceptions a…
RT @SoulSentiments: Not everyone is meant to be in your future. Some people are just passing through. Be okay with that. #soulsentiments ht…
RT @Believer037: Hebrews 13:8 KJV	Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.	✝️
RT @GreatestQuotes: Vision without execution is merely hallucination. ? Albert Einstein
RT @Sports_HQ: If you only ever give 90% in training then you will only ever give 90% when it matters. -Michael Owen
RT @FamousWomen: Never give up. Great things take time.
RT @FwJesus: Blessings show up in many different forms. Don't ever second guess God's reasoning.
RT @MotivatedLiving: A strong person is not the one who doesn't cry. A strong person is one who cries &amp; sheds tears for the moment then get…
RT @can2009: When the Devil show up, let #Christ answer the door.
RT @Inspowerco: Don't judge my path if you haven't walked my journey.
RT @Quote_Soup: With every rising of the sun, think of your life as just begun. -Unknown
RT @ambassador277: I have a great need for #Christ.  I have a Great #Christ for my need.
RT @BookOProverbs: Don't give up on the things God has placed in your heart. Keep pushing &amp; praying he will direct you.
RT @MotivatedLiving: Just because the past taps on your shoulder, doesn't mean you have to look back.
RT @can2009: Compassion is contagious.  If we want to help the next generation, then we need to share our gifts with them.  Love is powerfu…
RT @Epic_Women: Do all the good you can, to as many people as you can, as often as you can.
RT @PrayInFaith: Hold your head up high, and know God is in control he has a perfect plan for your life.
RT @thequote: Life is short, fragile and does not wait for anyone. There will never be a perfect time to pursue your dreams &amp; goals. - Mart…
RT @ohteenquotes: Don’t you just hate getting flashbacks from the things you don’t want to remember?
RT @AmazingiGrace: If you desire to make a difference in the world, you must be different from the world.
RT @StokedDaily: Things that you can control:		1. Your attitude. 	2. Your thoughts.	3. Your daily habits.	4. Your physical well-being.	5. H…
RT @MotivatedLiving: People will hate you, rate you, break you and shake you. How strong you stand is what makes you.
RT @FaithReeI: Be strong &amp; courageous. Do not be terrified or discouraged, for the LORD your God will be with you wherever you go. -Josh 1:9
RT @Inspire_Us: Worry is a down payment on a problem you may never have.
RT @ToddTrotter3: Good Morning 		Psalms 16:11		"You make known to me the path of life; in your presence there is fullness of joy; at your r…
RT @Scripture_Truth: Come to me, all you who are weary &amp; burdened, &amp; I will give you rest. -Matt 11:28
RT @Marvel0usJesus: Let us hold fast to the confession of our hope without wavering, for He who has promised is faithful. 	Hebrews 10:23
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Life is too short to stress over people who don't even deserve to be an issue in your life.
RT @ohteenquotes: The saddest moment is when you’re feeling really down and you realize that there’s no one out there to comfort you...
RT @SandiHKaye: “Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and today and forever.”	Hebrews 13:8
RT @Epic_Women: Be so busy loving your life that you have no time for hate, regret or fear.
RT @StephanSpeaks: I want you to heal, be encouraged, and experience more positivity in your life.
RT @God_Loved: Do not seek the world.	Seek Peace	Seek Truth	Seek Love	Seek Christ
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: Know this: You will rise out of bankruptcy, poverty, hopelessness, debt, abuse, low self-esteem, fear, discouragement a…
RT @IIIDeaton: Now that we all know what people dislike about Christian Twitter, are there any good things here that we can profess?  Are w…
RT @MotivatedLiving: Whenever you feel weak, remember the things that made you strong; whenever you start to doubt yourself, remember those…
RT @Godly_Life: God has a blessing with your name on it.
RT @ohteenquotes: It hurts knowing that you tried your best and it still wasn’t good enough.
RT @Scripture_Truth: It's time to rise above those negative circumstances and believe what God says about you. You are blessed, favored, lo…
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: I know life is hard right now and it has been a difficult journey, but IT WILL NOT BREAK YOU!!! It shall promote you an…
RT @Godstagram: Yes, life may have obstacles.. but that doesn't mean you can't get past them with the help of God.
RT @VictoriaOsteen: When you hope in the Lord, you’ll never be disappointed. Turn your thoughts toward Him and let Him fill you with His pe…
RT @JoelOsteen: Life is full of peace stealers. If you’re going to live in peace, you have to put some boundaries up and not allow everythi…
RT @Scripture_Truth: A man's own folly ruins his life, yet his heart rages against the LORD. -Proverbs 19:3
RT @VictoriaOsteen: Today I pray that God will pour out a special blessing on you, and that you will feel His love and grace in a new way l…
RT @JoelOsteen: When you’re uncommon, when you don’t compromise, when you don’t take the easy way out, God will do the uncommon. He’ll clos…
RT @PastorJohnHagee: God is there with you. And He wants you to know that He will restore to you what was taken.
RT @ambassador277: The more we depend on #God, the more fruit we will bear.
RT @thequote: If you can't feed a hundred people, then just feed one. - Mother Teresa
RT @thecableng: ‘Many killed’ as Boko Haram attacks #Borno community https://t.co/adUCjx6T3E via @thecableng
RT @thecableng: ‘Many killed’ as Boko Haram attacks Borno community | TheCable https://t.co/adUCjx6T3E https://t.co/jRec2eWkcM
RT @ABC: UNWELCOME GUEST: A wild mountain lion crept outside a motel in Boulder, Colorado—and even through an open door—reminding residents…
RT @Duckhuntinggrl: @AFoxForChrist You see it to💕✝ Thank you Jesus for your Protection and promises!
RT @AFoxForChrist: Do you believe in God? Will you after the earthquakes happen? Will you after the tsunami? Will it take war to bring you…
RT @Quote_Soup: Laughter is the sound of the soul dancing. https://t.co/aSPy6AYH7U
RT @PrayInFaith: Happiness is not based on your circumstances, but on a decision you make.
RT @ambassador277: How many people have been encouraged by the words:  "Because I live, you shall live also."?
RT @FaithReeI: You are wonderful, LORD, &amp; you deserve all praise, because you are much greater than anyone can understand. -Psalm 145:3
RT @Epic_Women: Doing what you like is freedom. Liking what you do is happiness.
RT @Marvel0usJesus: You must all be quick to listen, slow to speak, and slow to get angry.	James 1:19b
RT @moms_pray: Take my yoke upon you &amp; learn from me, for I am gentle &amp; humble in heart, &amp; you will find rest for your souls. -Matt 11:29
RT @AmazingiGrace: Do not conform any longer to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind. -Rom 12:2
RT @LV_Sports: Fall seven times. Stand up eight.
RT @ambassador277: If it seems impossible?  Trust #God to make it possible.
RT @ArmorOGod: Pray until your situation changes. Miracles happen every day, so never stop believing. God can change things very quickly in…
RT @l_Love_Sports: Its not how you start.. Its how you finish.
RT @can2009: When everybody and everything else is gone, #God will still be here.  He will never leave or forsake you.
RT @IAmTonyWarrick: So much useless work is being done in order to impress people. Do not confuse spectacular accomplishments with supernat…
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Sometimes the smallest things have the biggest meaning.
RT @StokedDaily: I love people who teach me something new. Expand my mind. Talk to me about the universe. Share your dreams with me. Take m…
RT @MotivatedLiving: When it rains it pours. But soon, the sun shines again. Stay positive, Better days are on their way.
RT @GMommy7: When the enemy tries to tell you your mission is impossible - Remember the devil is a liar.
RT @l_Love_Sports: Don't play just to play. — Play with purpose. — Play to WIN.
RT @WomanDoItAll: Be true to yourself, because there are only a few people that will stay true to you,
RT @LV_Sports: If you aren't sore — you aren't trying hard enough.
RT @can2009: Tell the old story!  Share it to the next generation.  They need to hear it too!
RT @AmazingiGrace: You can forget what hurt you in the past, just never forget what it taught you.
RT @careharrington: the world doesn’t need more people who talk about Jesus, the world needs more people who talk like Jesus. who act like…
RT @SylvesterMcNutt: I genuinely hope you get the happiness you deserve. I hope you have the courage to leave a toxic situation, the streng…
RT @Tweets2Motivate: My choices. My problems. My mistakes. My lessons. My life.
RT @Marvel0usJesus: For it is by grace you have been saved through faith and this is not from yourselves, it is the gift of God. 	Ephesians…
RT @MinLeeRice: How can we presume - to complain about waiting for #God - when #God has been waiting for us so long?
RT @ambassador277: We are to be led by the Holy Spirit. Not by the personal thoughts of others.
RT @Scripture_Truth: You're not a failure until you stop trying. If you have no other testimony you have this one: "I'm still here."
RT @can2009: We need to say sometimes about tough times - this is not meant to stop me - it is meant to promote me. There is nothing that G…
RT @PastorJohnHagee: Make things right and get plugged into God. It is the only way to live a successful life.
RT @StokedDaily: 6 Things to always remember:		1. Everything takes time. 	2. Other people are not the answer to your happiness. 	3. Grow an…