Ne kadar risk, o kadar köfte. GG
Strategic mistakes cannot be corrected via tactical maneuvers. Seiji Fuji
Blockchain vs Construction. GG
https://t.co/KkyLWnwz5Y
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why. Mark Twain
Scientific theory is a contrived foothold in the chaos of living phenomena. Wilhelm Reich
Hope for the best, plan for the worst. Lee Child
Architects have a greater ability to improve public health than medical professionals. Dr. Claudia Miller
We shape our buildings and afterwards our buildings shape us. Winston Churchill
Follow your heart, but take your brain with you. Alfred Adler
If you think crime doesn't pay try farming!
I wish more life to creative rhythms of great Nature, Nature with a capital N as we spell God with a capital G. Why? Because Nature is all the body of God we mortals will ever see. Frank Lloyd Wright
Remove all obstructions, and when it is intelligently done, nature will kindly do the rest. Dr. Andrew Taylor Still
Misery acquaints a man with strange bedfellows.  William Shakespeare
When we try to pick out anything by itself, we find it hitched to everything else in the Universe. John Muir
Happy Thanksgiving Everbody!
If they’re not designed to work with one another, they’ll tend to work against one another. Amory Lovins
Brain outlines the limits based on the OS that is set up.
Bağlantılarımın dikkatine... https://t.co/PF6Nac2HZM
Robots are awesome, but they cannot appreciate a cold Turkish Raki.
How do we regulate biometric data?
RT @ggelisen: Değerli Büyüklerim ve Sevgili Kardeşlerim,		Süprizlerle dolu Hayatımız Şantiye kitabımız hemen hemen tamamlanmak üzere. 19 Şu…
Değerli Büyüklerim ve Sevgili Kardeşlerim,		Süprizlerle dolu Hayatımız Şantiye kitabımız hemen hemen tamamlanmak üzere. 19 Şubat´a kadar değerli katkılarınızı 2-3 paragraflık kısa bie özgeçmişinizle birlikte bekliyorum.		Saygılarımla,		Gökhan Gelişen…https://t.co/761ihsJ38I
RT @ggelisen: Hayatımız Şantiye	Hikayeni Gönder: 19.02.2018	Hedef: 19.05.2018	gelisen@gmail.com
Air traffic management succeeds most when it goes unnoticed.	Air &amp; Space Smithsonian
Happy Holidays and a Prosperous New Year Everybody!
Excel won’t Forgive!
Hayatımız Şantiye	Hikayeni Gönder: 19.02.2018	Hedef: 19.05.2018	gelisen@gmail.com
Robots are awesome, but they cannot appreciate a warm Turkish Bath.
Happy Holidays and Happy New Year Everybody!
Happy Thanksgiving Everbody!
Give me a place to stand, and I will move the Earth. Archimedes
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. FDR
Speak Like Churchill, Stand Like Lincoln. James C. Humes
Well Done is better than Well Said. Benjamin Franklin
Never trust a man with clean shoes.. Mike Rowe
Happy New Year Everyone!!
You're always on me to make friends and what better way than through the amazing world of illusion. Brick Heck
Happy Holidays Everyone!
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. Mahatma Gandhi
Instead of telling our young people to plan ahead, we should tell them to plan to be surprised. Dan Burns
Never send a human to do a machine's job. Agent Smith
Big changes can come from small steps. Sun Chips
May the Force be with you. Han Solo
Pants are essential. Alvin and the Chipmunks
There is no charge for awesomeness, or attractiveness. Kung Fu Panda
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!
The stone that the builder refused shall be the head corner stone. Bob Marley
The safe way is the best way.
Good ideas and innovations must be driven into existence by courageous patience. Hyman Rickover
Safety saves lives.. Quality protects jobs..
... Therefore, all progress depends on the unreasonable man. George B. Shaw
Peace at Home, Peace in the World. MKA
Love all. Trust a few. Do wrong to none. William Shakespeare
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. T. S. Eliot
Move as Millions. Survive as One.	http://channel.nationalgeographic.com/channel/great-migrations
If you can't build it in your mind, you can't build it in the field.
I can't believe you like money too. We should hang out. Idiocracy 2006
You're not a superpower until your country has a cheese named after it. Outsourced 2010
A good hypothesis withstands testing. Bones 2010
If the bee disappears from the surface of the earth, man would have no more than four years to live. Albert Einstein
Are you strong enough to handle critics? Theodore Roosevelt
Echo of the Elephants. PBS 2010
Future Shapers.. Community of Communities.. Magnetic Attraction of Global Society.. NYU Presidential Town Hall by John E. Sexton 2010
Spontaneous combustion. Bones 2010
Concrete is the Liquid Rock.	Beton Sivi Kayadir.
Just added myself to the http://wefollow.com twitter directory under:  #nyc #tech #entrepreneur #engineer #constructionmanagement #con
You saw what you wanted to see. House 2010
A quaint little drinking town with a fishing problem: Homer, AK
What is real is just a matter of perception. Fringe 2010
In yok cin yok kimse de top oynamiyor. GG Ankara 1990-9