RT @TeamRubicon: Volunteers in #Texas are taking part in today's #WorldSeries flag ceremony. Shoutout to @MLB &amp; @TMobile! #HR4HR https://t.…
RT @MaxineWaters: Don't forget, Trump offered to pay legal fees for those who attacked protesters at his rallies. Will he be making that sa…
RT @glasfurd31: Replace #RobertELee statue with a statue of #HeatherHeyer. Taking a stand against racism &amp; injustice should be memorialized.
RT @GovInslee: It's painfully clear that the hatred and bigotry in #Charlottesville came from the side with white supremacists marching wit…
RT @ChaddieMc: @HillaryClinton #Charlottesville https://t.co/rHi6IIHsIw
RT @Toninommm: 416,800 #American soldiers died fighting the #Nazis. Today they wander around #Charlottesville and #Trump does not know whic…
RT @ddale8: Of 85 deadly US terror attacks since 9/11, far-right-wing extremists were responsible for 62, Islamic extremists 23.
RT @BernieSanders: The white nationalist demonstration in #Charlottesville is a reprehensible display of racism and hatred. This has no pla…
RT @chelseahandler: We need someone in office who either a)knows what he's doing or b) listens to the people who do know what they're doing…
RT @NYCFirstLady: THIS is what an ally looks like! Thank you for standing up for WOMEN of all ethnicities, Rep. @melissahortman. https://t.…
Awards Banquet night #wc17 #vegasbaby #thankyoutmobile https://t.co/ROuY2AwDVA
Winner's Circle, baybay! #texaslegends #wc17 @JonFreier https://t.co/wFDUNF3J6p
Coolest CEO ever! @JohnLegere #wc17 #thatTMOlife https://t.co/jRANx2v4v1
Awards night with the hubby! #wc17 #thatTMOlife https://t.co/UJGsjrFQ37
RT @chelseahandler: Trump says his daughter has been treated ‘so unfairly’ by Nordstrom. Oh, was she detained for 19 hours when she tried t…
RT @GeorgeTakei: If Conway's plug for Ivanka's clothing line is unethical, why is anyone okay that DeVos bought her position by donating to…
RT @rniacono: @womensmarch one of my fave signs from @BosWomensMarch #DumpDevos #NotMyPOTUS https://t.co/pgdPg7rYP8
RT @womensmarch: A #DumpDeVos rally is happening right now at Upper Senate Park. KEEP SHOWING UP, DC! (📷: @ColeWhitaker) https://t.co/QgpmS…
RT @StopBigMoney: We need to overwhelm Capitol Hill to demand that the Senate #DumpDeVos. They can’t ignore us. https://t.co/JtLPCGEGM7
RT @cumberickman: This is one way to #DressLikeAWoman. https://t.co/PE2gEQRYQb
RT @HopkinsPICU: An #actuallivingscientist who #DressLikeAWoman? We have just a few of those in our #PedsICU. 💪🏽@ScienceMarchDC #womeninsci…
RT @nwlc: #DressLikeAWoman https://t.co/N12DE2SPho
RT @jonfavs: If your representative is on this list, don't stop calling their office until you get an answer. Visit if you have to. https:/…
RT @CBSNews: "The people united, will never be defeated," NY protesters chant in response to Pres. Trump's immigration exec. order, video b…
RT @cindy8000: So proud to attend the #HoustonMuslimBanProtest today. It was peaceful and inspiring.  So many people who care https://t.co/…
RT @CornellWBrooks: If @SenatorSessions wouldn't call grabbing your body an assault, we can't call him Attorney General. Call 877-959-6082.…
RT @RED: "To be free is not merely to cast off one's chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others."- Nelso…
RT @johnnyjcastro: @SievertMike Welcome back to Houston! Have fun today as your see how South Texas abolishes the competition. #SeeSievert …
RT @TMobile: Puppies. Astronauts. Tiny red carpets. Is there anything #RebelMaker @tylergposey can’t catch with his #GS5? #Nope http://t.co…
RT @SievertMike: Visiting the Houston market, currently top performing team @TMobile !! @CallieField1 @JonFreier http://t.co/VqrqpfIDNB
RT @JohnLegere: We've reached 20,000 signatures to make carriers #AbolishOverages. Where you at @ATT, @VerizonWireless and @Sprint!? http:/…
RT @eqca: Watch the #Prop8 hearing live at http://t.co/CLsncm6 and follow it blow by blow here and at @NCLRights
I wanna go to Chuck.E.Cheese (a.k.a. Showbiz Pizza for you old-school folks!) Who's coming with me?!?!
Tabling for Unity Club @Student Organization Expo!! Come by for information on events, meetings times, and how to become a member!! :)
"what other people think of you is none of your business" - paulo coelho
my GPA dropped from 3.975 to a 3.914. Eww. Stupid B+....
RT @andreagibson: "There is no breakthrough without breakdown and if you're gonna break, shatter." -Mindy Nettifee
in &lt;3 with @andreagibson. i'm addicted. watching her youtube vids like every day & saving up to buy everything she's ever made. #amazingness
@ErinStables LOL, #firstworldproblems...
"Fantastic! Your grad statement was one of the best ones. We look forward to working with you in the future. Keep up the awesome work!" YES.
Raw: Hundreds gather for &#8217;Slutwalk’ in Houston to protest sex crimes  http://t.co/oeBMWo8
@jzmusicman LOVE IT!!!!
#slutwalkhouston was a huge success! favorite sign: "my little black dress does not mean yes". END VICTIM BLAMING!!!
#bobcat mode
Are you gonna kiss me or not? #awesomesongjammin
hmm...should i have Cinnamon Toast Crunch? Or a Blue Bell Mint Chocolate Chip Ice cream bar? hardest.decision.ever.
Work sucks today cause i can't get a clear view of the sky, and therefore my ascension will be blocked by extraneous objects. Damn.
I'm officially addicted to wordswithfriends, but only have like 5 ppls usernames! Give me yours. :)
"What we call human nature is actually human habit"-jewel
Seventh day straight of working on my feet + finals week + neck, back, and shoulder pain = very tired Valerie. #wishitwasnaptime
Blue moon...you saw me standing alone...
Retail therapy.
you give your hand to me...and then you say hello...and I can hardly speak...my heart is beating soooooo....
So, I finally downloaded WordsWithFriends...what's everyone's username?
@jzmusicman that's freaking awesome! Much love!
Check out my buddy @jzmusicman on reverbnation. He's flippin' AMAZING!! http://t.co/DKloYsx
RT @dragonflydi10: Spread the word! This Friday, April 15th is @GLSEN's @DayofSilence! Are you participating? For more information visit ...
Unity's Glitter Masquerade! http://youtu.be/w6_gf5unEOI
Brother of Pearl is a super cool band.
I love the fishes cause they're so delicious...got goldfishes...
It's not about who you are, it's about what you are willing to do for your community.
ALL GLITTERED UP! let's do this thing! #glittermasquerade
I heart Sara Bareilles. :)
@ErinStables #feelinya
RT @EqualityTexas: Transsexual tells TX House: Employment discrimination is wrong, and bad for business. http://bit.ly/h93GGJ via @Wayne ...
Glitter makes me happy. This is all.
"Only mediocrity is safe. Therefore, be the best and be prepared to get attacked"- Paulo Coehlo
RT @EqualityTexas: Montana Lance's parents & Asher Brown's dad testify for SB242. http://t.co/yGPZ3RA
I'm thinking I should make today mani-pedi Monday. As soon as 5 o'clock rolls around! :)
RT @NOH8Campaign: 30,000 people have signed @FreedomToMarry’s open letter to @BarackObama in support of the freedom to marry! Join them! ...
Just purchased 78 non-perishables for charity. #winning
Jamming out to "King of Anything" by Sara Bareilles. #savethedramaforyourmomma
@PauldRitchey don't sleep through our meeting! :)
@ErinStables have fun! Don't fall out of the plane! Wait...i mean...I'm confused...
RT @wegiveadamn: RT @FreedomtoMarry We're calling on @BarackObama to say "I do" to the freedom to marry. Co-sign our open letter: http:/ ...
LOVES finding new music in the randomest places. :) (yes, i know randomest is not a word, but i do not care).
RT @bensoncorey: "We must remember that any oppression, any injustice, any hatred, is a wedge designed to attack our civilization." -Fra ...
Wella wella wella Ooh tell me more tell me more....
Would really enjoy a week long vacation to sit and do nothing.
I heard...silence is for the birds
Has decided to make this the year of musical adventures. Here's to Florence in July in Hotlanta and to Tennessee music festivals!
Been spendin must  our lives...livin in the gangstas paradise...
Just sang "what going on" by four non blondes at karaoke  and absolutely loved every single second of it!!! Hearts for my brothers...
Sooooo...there's actually been a few pretty good performances on the grammys. ..super into the norah jones and keith urban duet...
No dawn, no day...I'm always in this twilight..in the shadow of your heart...
All phones FREE on activation after rebates today and tomorrow! Come see me at 646 & 45 or call me at my store (281) 337-1608  :)
Reaaaallllyyyyt wants to go shopping!!! Eeeeeeeeeeee!!!
And as I move my feet towards your body I can hear this beat--it fills my head up and gets louder and louder...!
There's a drumming noise inside my head that starts when you're around...I swear that you could hear it, it makes such an almighty sound...
In the ATX with the family! :) yay for relaxy time
is parking lot stalking. oh em gee, night classes...you're crampin my style.
reading "The Spirit Catches You and You Fall Down"
wait, wait, don't tell me!
someone come to BJ's with me so I can eat a pizookie! I'm craving ice cream & its all Erika Salazar's fault. so someone has to pay. ;)
has decided to start taking afternoon naps.  =)
my honey got appointed as Musical Director for this year's production of Cabaret at sanjac!  Congratulations, baby! I'm so proud of you!
mmmm....james franco....
ready to pull out her hair!!! omg...
lalala...
has been listening to the 40's station non-stop and LOVES it! I wish they had this on FM...
starting the new year off right listening to a jazz trio @CafeBrazil with my family! can't think of anywhere I'd rather be! =)
finally back at work! yay! happy New Years Eve everybody!  :)
just outta service with the fam! ready for lots of love, happiness, & Christmas cheer with my loquitos...you guys make me such a happy lady!
frank sinatra makes me such a happy girl!
Omg...Sing-Off Marathon...here I come!  yessss!
is feeling Christmassy! yay for jazzy Christmas tunes at work and fun times wrapping presents this morning with my mom and gramma!
worky worky worky...and then my grandma is coming to town! yay!
friends and family are the bestest! :)
sang some Alicia keys at karaoke, and it felt really good. =)
mmmmm.... at Jason's deli with my pops and his lady! fun times!
has the best brothers ever!
had an awesome weekend! family time on Saturday and then Ren Fest Sunday and now back to work...things end too quickly!
on my way to kemah with my favorite girls mom and lil p!  :) haha
cousin time!!!!
love's like a hurricane, i am a tree...
Out of the Darkness community walk this morning for the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention! such a beautiful day outside...excited!
Julie London, Fred Astaire, and Diana Krall this morning on my way to work. Pandora, I heart you.  :)
wants to learn Portuguese.
paranormal activity 2 @starcinema!
ok people, don't forget to vote today!
LET'S GO TEXANS!!!!
had fun at the haunted cemetery last night! and excited about renfest next weekend.
finally got to make it out to church! yay
is glittery. and on her way to pride.  :)
will be wearing purple tomorrow as part of a nationwide movement to show support for LGBT youth.
diversity is the one true thing we all have in common. celebrate it every day.
LOVES when her mom makes cookies! cause they are oh so good....
just finished watching Margaret Cho...man she is FUNNY!
wants to go have a picnic, fly a kite and feed some ducks. weather like this makes me wish I didn't work weekends.
GO LAKE!!!
got a massive papercut at work and feels she should go home to recover.
got like a TON of things done today! now, off to kidnap my mother for some impromptu pedicures to reward our hard work!
is feeling lazy and doesn't wanna go to the gym. but nothing productive comes from being lazy. so, off I go!
Unbelievable: Mormon leader gives anti-gay sermon after recent teen suicides. Add your name to the @HRC open letter: http://bit.ly/bZAaPO
is feeling quite disturbed by the things she is reading in her Pathologies of Power book about health and human rights of the poor.
on my way to the WSSA meeting in the Student Lounge. come by and join us. it starts at 11!
GOOOOOOOO TEXANS!
gym time whaaaaaaat?
no hay que llorar...que la vida es un carnaval...
feeling really sleepy at work...but can't wait for Mexican food and salsa dancing!
Omg...the parking at UHCL in the evenings is freaking INSANE!!!
suuuuuuper excited about statistics tonight!
disfruta las preguntas y olvidate de las respuestas- Paolo Coelho
wants to do something DIFFERENT!
ready for the weekend! looking forward to hanging with Nattie-roo on Sunday! ;)
jammin out to Etta James & John Lee Hooker this morning...oh yeah...
has newly re-discovered that she is FABULOUS! ;)
up and about and headed to the airport!
enjoying some relax time!
happy tears for great news - Federal court struck down Prop 8! Opposition will take it to the Supreme Court!
can't wait to finish this class and go to El Salvador!! :) yaaaaay!
Green enchiladas and flan...=)
is finally done with her summer 1 class! On to summer 2 next week!
is finally giving herself a break and sitting in a massage chair while getting a pedicure. Bliss!
Ok so one more test, a paper, and I am GOOD TO GO on this summer class (as in done). These 15 hour days are kicking my butt.
Pride weekend! yippeeeeee!
my next 24 hours: study, study, study, wake up @ 6am, study more, take test, work till I drop, sleep.
Starting @ 8am tomorrow, ALL phones are free after rebates w/2yr family plan activation or addition to an existing family plan. COME SEE ME!
is determined for this week to be better than the last one.
is compleeeetely exhausted. and has to study. =(
wants to be the 4th FANTANA
watchin the Phillies go into overtime...I know who's gonna be happy!
loves her Abnormal Psych class!
another awesome night of educational television and thought-provoking conversation with my bestie off 11 years =) awww
Ready to have some fun with my sistas and my hunny and then to church in the morning with my bros! =) life is good to me.
couldn't sleep last night cause my throat hurts, my sinuses are wacked out and somethings goin on with my ears. Ugh.
"The ideal man bears the accidents of life with dignity and grace, making the best of circumstances." Aristotle
WOULD LIKE TO GIVE THANKS AND PRAISE TO ALL THE MEN AND WOMEN WHO ARE SERVING OR HAVE SERVED TO MAKE OUR WORLD A BETTER PLACE.
Oh yes it's ladies night and the feelin's right. Oh yes it's ladies night, oh what a night
And "If things around you dont change.. CHANGE THE THINGS YOU'RE AROUND" - Rev Run
Just ate @ Meditteranean Chef...best homeade Lebanese food in the area! Yummm! =)
Refreshed! I finally slept! @work now but it's been goin by pretty fast...ready for some fun tonight!
Sleeeeeeepy. This weekend has been exhausting. Ready for a long nappy-nap.
best.birthday.party.ever.
BE the change you wish to see in the world.
FINALLY GOT GRADES BACK!! 3 classes= 3 A's!!! YESSSSS!!
Had an awesome time @Gateway w/the fam. Now for some nap time, possibly a secret beach getaway, & later, the creation of some soulful sound
I am in love. With my phone. ;)
Had a nice relaxing date night...now off to bed so I can be ready for work tomorrow. And then OFF FOR A WEEK!
Holy shnikes, danny made it through a whole year of being my bf today...awww! love you babe =)
Yay! Bro is home and safe and feeling better! Now off to work. Why can't my vacation just start already?!?
done with finals! excited about that, but bro is in the hospital with possible appendicitis =(
Sloooooowwwww day at work. And I'm hungry and tired =(
LMAO http://short.to/259ix
ozomatli at ifest was AWESOME
had an amazing weekend filled with culture, giving, & intellectual stimulation. back to work today, trying to stay on the same wavelength...
is dressed like a princess and volunteering at the ABASO carnival for children with special needs @ UHCL. Come on by!
"Seek first to undertand, THEN to be understood."
wanted to be more productive today but can't seem to find anything productive to do. Guess ill go have fun!
had an awesome lazy Sunday with my hunny...live music and then galveston for the best sopapillas ever at Tortugas by the beach!
Aaaannnd here we go again. Dear anxiety disorder, you SUCK
WHAT is with all this traffic?!?
feeling sickly =(
lunch @ Lupe Tortilla was deelicious! Stopped off for an afternoon margarita and then off to see She's Out of my League with the fam =)
thinks it's funny when people with weaves can't scratch their heads so they just hit themselves instead...lol
GREEEEEEENFEEEESSSSTTTTT
all greened out! excited about my day off. =)
Ready for some green action tomorrow! Got my green wig, green necklace, green flops, makeup, tie, top hat, etc! Yaaaay
Mmmmm...philly cheesesteak...and blues music! Yay
watching an awesome geetar player @the hideaway with my bro =) FUN TIMES!!
got an AWESOME hot pink phone case for free from our good ole InstaWireless buddies! Score!
is happy with life and all the good things in it.
Omg girl's night was FABULOUS!! Yummy dinner and good times =)
can't wait to go shopping! Sephora, I want you.
Let my love open the door...
John Mayer was freaking fabulous! Not happy bout being awake so early though...bleh
Having a sibling night out with my favorite brothers in the whole wide world and sooooo excited about John Mayer!!
sooooo excited about bowling tomorrow! WHO'S COMING?!?!
You gotta FIGHT for your RIGHT to paaaaaartyyy...
"cause we're the freaks of the industry...."
having a clothing drive for battered women, children, and immigrants for CasaJuanDiego, GIMME YOUR CLOTHES PEOPLE!!
if any of you have clothes that you don't want or need, lemme know. We are having a clothing drive for Casa Juan Diego and need clothes! =)
Marry me juliet you'll never have to be alone...
Is craving subway
Mmmmmmmmm....dominos is delicious!
hungry but I don't know what I'm in the mood for. Hmmm...
ANNOYED
is glad she got to spend time with her fam yesterday and Wednesday and thankful for the ppl that made that possible
lost 15 lbs already just by cutting out fast food and beer! Yay.
hungry and sad and stressed...rawr.
womens studies student group meeting, then class, then Leadership Workshop on Rationality in Leaders...and all this backtobacktoback. Busy.
Lady GaGaGary is lookin specially creepy on the cover of Q Magazine...yuk
how come everyone is getting girl scout cookies except me? Somebody find me a Girl Scout! I need some thin mints & caranel delights!
Hmmm....
each one of is a sky enclosing on a world all our own...
One love...one heart...let's get together and feel alright...
ok, so I'm feeling a little bit more energetic. =)
So. Freaking. Tired.
is sick of staring at her computer screen! Somebody come do my schoolwork for me! Ugh! Lol
Hates when her classes put her in groups and no one else has read the material or knows what they're talking about. Grr.
is a Terrific Terrapin in Transit
@star cinema with my valentine watching Valentine's Day for Valentine's Day... hehe =)
I was just told "they have contests for people like you"...lol (it was due to my texting skills, don't get excited...
about to have a Disney movie marathon...gonna watch Aladdin and then Fantasia =) yay
This is how we do it...
Got ahead on her schoolwork today and therefore feels quite productive! Yay for doing stuff early!
Whyyyy am I so tired???? Ugh. Yuck. =(
Can't shake this feeling of sleeeepiness! Come on chocolate and red bull!
"Discipline yourself, so no one else has to."
fascinated by personality theorists! yay for psych =)
holy bejeepers danny has no face hair!
had a sucky day =(
lazy... don't feel like doin the twelve hour day thing today
chillin at the casa
omfg SO EXTREMELY EXCITED watchin wheel of fortune featurin the superawesome Torsi!
just made dinner for my hunny to feel productive after an otherwise lazy day =)
measure your life in love...
rockin out to some billy idol @work
I'm the one that put the range in the rover...when I'm steppin out the Range, yo, it's over...
lalala...ready for the weekend- no class and time to read!
go rockets go!
tired of having to hear the spice girls on the musak @work...
got a long day ahead of me...school from 9-1 and then work from 2-9...
hungry...what should I eat?
needs like 18 glasses of water...nowish
sleeeeepy...
in the mood fo sum DANCIN!
where, oh where is my pink grapefruit lotion??? I can't find it for the life of me
if I had a million dollars...I'd be rich.
ok...ONE more episode of the office and then bed
omw to buy school supplies for tomorrow! yaaaaaay
feelin much better today. excited/nervous about getting registered for my classes!
watchin Barney with the Natster
SO excited..I haven't seen my bumblebee/bambi in like a year...aww...
getting excited about beer, pool & music with ma girls B & C! lol
looking forward to chillin with my girls this weekend...Friday I get to see Bianca and Carolyn and then Sat bowlin with Desy and the crew!
absolutely obsessed with Tabithas Salon Takeover
being healthy and eating soup instead of fried fast food. yay me.
counting the minutes...48 left =(
sleeepy! I need a nap so I can hopefully gain the energy to see ParisGreen @ scout bar tonight!
aww.this is so nice... I love jazz music...especially with danny playin..he's so awesome... hehe
enjoying a bottle of Petite Sirah and listening to an amazing jazz band featuring the great @Daniel Taufer =)
just bought some gloves (cause its freakin cold!) and the label says they're "magic"...not sure what's sp magical about them..
is now the proud owner of a brown snuggie...thanks mom!
feels left out at work cause she doesn't have an iphone...lol
is tired of 7:55-ers...ugh
bought 2 pairs of black slacks, a pair of jeans, a skirt, 2 bras AND a sweater for $108! damn I'm a good bargain shopper!
having fun with ma crew =)
knows a certain someone that needs Cheez-Its Eaters Anonymous...
being sick sucks. this is all.
feels yucky and bronchitis-y & NOT happy 2 be bringing in the new year all sickly & stuff. hoping today's state is not how my year will go
randomly got up on a stage and sang purple rain last night...WIN!!
totally in lust with buffalo bwild wings' parmesan-garlic chicken tenders =)
chillin @ 2-a-days in pearland watchin da bears...
going to 2-a-days in pearland for MNF and the Carl Dukes/Owen Daniels ESPN Live radio show! come on out!
back to work! g-ma's in town so I get to hang with her later! =)
TSO was f*cking SPECTACULAR!! wow!
at the Trans-Siberian Orchestra concert! merry christmas to me! =)
on a date...excited!! =)
beautiful day outside!
ick. I'm tired.
omg ppl! go HOME!!
so...I superglued my case together...
people say, mind over matter, but I don't mind what they say, and it don't matter...
"people say mind over matter, but I don't mind, and it don't matter..what they say"
drivin around with my windows down- it's beautiful outside!
chillin at miluna..just ate the BEST tres leches EVER and listening to a live salsa band =)
ok, my plans changed again lol love the spontenaeity...going to eat and then possibly the big easy for sum blues! =)
gonna go see a jazz trio at the french corner and then a punk rock band in pasadena!
is excited about the alumni game tonight!
I'm all achy! =(
wants to do some volunteer work, with kids somewhere...any suggesgtions?
"live simply, so that others may simply live"
is taking a step back, relinquishing control, and finding it quite refreshing! yay for enlightenment
is learning not to cry over other people's spilled milk
is irritated at EVERYONE today! Idk what is wrong with me
back at work! and really mad my phone case is breaking!
watching extreme makeover home edition and getting teary-eyed..this show gets me every time! lol
focusing all her energy on living in the PRESENT, not the past OR the future
if you can't find a way...make one!
is trying to turn from a Negative Nessy into a Positive Polly
tryin to figure out what exactly i'm expecting to happen here
went to Crepes a la Carte for breakfast (mmm!) and am now driving home to houston =)
alright...extending the vaycay...see you tomorrow houston!
is currently in a 30 foot tree house!
survived her first night in new orleans...round of applause please...mwuahahaha
my camera is outta batteries..wahh waAaah...upside is I'm doing shots and the bar is NOT about to close!
is not concerned whatsoever by the time because THE BARS DON'T CLOSE HERE!!! yes!
at a place called one eyed jack in the french quarter watching some awesome live music =)
officially out of state. =) nice to get away from it all sometimes...
finally on my way to new orleans! super excited!
GO ROCKETS!!!
takin a solo roadtrip tomorrow to clear my head and visit some old friends! =) new orleans here I come
holding herself hostage in the mirror (and on a major jewel kick!)
slept the whole day away...good morning world!
having an early morning get together with ms. dodd =)
did things she shouldn't have done and sang songs she shouldn't have sung
feeling better after eating pupusas and some shoppin with my momma! nothing like food and new winter clothes to brighten my day!
bought a zydeco outlaws cd and LOVIN it!
totally jammin out to Step Rideau and the Zydeco Outlaws @the big easy...damn I need a trip to new orleans soon!	 =)
oh give me the beat boys, and free my soul...I wanna get lost in your rock n roll, and drift away...
ok so after this enormous amount of food I'm thinkin maybe I'm just gna cuddle up on the couch and take it easy! =)
gonna have the house to myself for my bday tomorrow AND the weekend! y'all come visit, ya hear? =)
back to work...developing a MEGAcrush on little walter due to my imeem...dunno if he's alive still, but hey, I stand by my men lol
wooooo TEXANS!!!
is PUMPED for Texans and Titans MNF! yaaaayaaaaaa
still undecided on what to do for my bday...and p.s. anyone with texans/titans tix: yes I would accept that as a present ;)
listenin to muddy waters =)
hungry. and confused. and angry cause i discovered my first grey hair this morning! just in time for my upcoming bday...sigh...=(
really diggin my imeem mobile app! =)
evey girl's crazy bout a sharp-dressed man
ugh! some a**hole just threw an open ranch packet at my car!
ready for the weekend to come, even though ill be working ;)
really really grateful for the opportunity to be close enough to the ppl in my life that I can help them on their emotional journeys =)
having car issues....I hate insurance companies!
happy birthday natty-rooni!!
is soulsearchin...
is sleeping on the couch tonight... =(
is off tommorrow...again! =)
my throat hurts!! aaaahhhhhh! =(
watching the Wizard of Oz! =)
I WANT PIIIIIZZZZZAAAAAAAA
is upset
just for the record...it is 5:09 am...and I would like to find my bed and sleep in it.
...afterhours son!
is irritated...
watching the fights @the don'key and eating the best food ever made =) woooo!
Wants to go back to cafe brazil
is eating @ Monterrey's Little Mexico for my lunch break! Thanks Ms. Jess!
gonna be productive today
Chillin at a REALLY nice cozy little absinthe bar..I KNOW a lot of you would love it so msg me for details!
is thinkin...
would just like to give a huge thank you to all our veterans out there...what you've done for all of us is absolutely amazing!
had a great time tonight...saw an amazing guitarist at the tasting room and then another awesomely eclectic 7 piece jazz band @cafebrazil!
had a rough day at work...thought I was doing awesome and ended up horribly discouraged. Seems like I can't get a breaK...
wants to sing in a gospel choir!
out @ Chelsea's Wine Bar in seabrook listenin to danny play the piano with a jazz trio! AWESOMENESS!!
ok. Honestly? WHO wants to get paid in $2 bills?!?
is goin to the rockets game! =)
got 5 acts today. all by herself...my new/old store is treating me nicely! I guess I had forgotten that good things come to those who wait
is tired of giving...
all I ask for is respect...
enjoying my lazy day with danny piany... =)
so...I decided to be a "policewoman" and my nametag says Ivanna B. Bad...lol
procrastinated and now I have to go find a costume when I get off work...ugh I hate lines! I have no idea what to be..suggestions?
Chillin at home, watching comedy central with my baby and my bestie =) gotta wake up early in the mornin...
So...apparently...I suck at life...lol
Ugh...
gets really sad sometimes...it's bout to be a year since JR died and I still don't know what to do with myself...sigh...
is up early! =)
went to hooters for lunch and then took a nap...now I'm chillin wit my homie markalarkus =)
is gonna go be productive today...gotta clean the house, check my brakes, do non-vacation-y stuff...blaahhhh
watchin maury on da couch...you are NOT the father! Yeeeaaaa boyeeeeee
its a rainy Monday and I get to curl up under the covers...I like this vacation thing!
Ohhh emmeeehhh jeeeeeehhhh
Uhh...so anyway...I'm chillin with my hunny watchin man vs. food...bout to eat...yaaaaaay!
Danny t is ignoring me... ooh I rhymed...in time...for you ppl chasin shots with lime...umm, I'm done...
Ba ba ba ba braaaaaaaandyyyyyy......
Biiiigggg boooooyyyysssss.....
Absolutely could not be having a better time right now...listenin to purple stuff!
All you football fans say woot woot for football! Yeeeaaaaaaahhhh
Holy shneikes my phone can web browse WHILE I'm on a phone call! Oh I am definitely in love
in college station, bout to go eat dinner with my brother and then check out northgate! Vacation extravaganza continues!
playing "hey cow", on my way to college station to eat dinner with my little bro! =) my vacation weekend is totally awesome! FALL BREAK WOOO
Just had the best (and messiest!) chicken sandwich EVER @Daddy's Grill on 6th street...god I can't get enough of this awesome austin weather
Enjoying a lovely Saturday brunch at this little french place called the Blue Dahlia bistro in austin with my hunny...what an awesome vaycay
I heart vacations! And austin absolutely ROCKS my socks! Yaaaayyy
Having an AWESOME time bar-hoppin on 6th street!
@ meyer's smokehouse in elgin, eatin some damn good bbq!
It is b.e.a.u.t.i.f.u.l. outside! Awesome weather for driving to austin! =)
can't put my phone down! I love it!
Currently in the process of linking all her contacts...hmmm...
Soooooo confused! I'm definitely on a learning curve here with this motoblur stuff...
is getting used to her brand spankin new phone!
Just saw zombieland
Whaaaaat
can't wait to see the invention of lying
checking out a kick azz band @sherlocks! And the singer is f'in hott with double t's...lol...
watching the game @ buffalo wild wings, continuing my extravaganza...
Why is there so much traffic?
college football saturday in austin!! =)
first day of vay-cay! Ready for metal shop tomorrow and austin on saturday
@timdeltoro well good afternoon there timmy! If it makes you feel better im still layin in bed...
If you must lie, lie in the arms of the one you love. If you must steal, steal away from bad company. If you must cheat, cheat death.
uh...ohhh...
my mouth hurts...just got outta the dentist...
I am one sleepy girl! doesn't feel like a weekend...
omg it is so freakin hot outside! global warming sucks balls
has 3 and a half hours left and then gettin ready 2 party @sherlocks clearlake
@brandy_boo84 well quit it! i had to go back yesturrday! it was kinda fun tho, we got to call the mall cops over sum counterfeit $$ yo
rawwwwrrrr im feelin fierce. lol
@thearquebusier soooo...gene's man...what're the monday drink specials?
@theArquebusier so...youre a 40 yr old looking "macho man"...your night just kept getting better and better
ill tell ya what im NOT doing...im NOT getting ready for work...
wnna karaoke  butive had like 10shots & 4 mixed drink & beers...good idea? bad idea?
@thearqubusier where the fuck are you? gene's? I am fully in support of your anti-MJ protest, buddy...
going to doc's upper deck tonight for $1 wells and Karaoke Brigade!!
@thearquebusier so how was the wedding extravaganza? and whatcha got goin on lateR?
mmmm....those sangrias at avante garden were the shiznit!
@thearquebusier http://twitpic.com/8ml5k - snazzy!!
on ma lunch break...trying to decide what to do later! too many options today...
drankin $2 big assssss beers, wanna bust out in song...
rockin out at karaoke! yesssss...
contemplating karaoke night, im off for 2 days so this is my weekend! fuckyeah!
overflowing with glee @ the sight of a new follower of mine ;-)
cheers to spontaneous debauchery! and lap-dances from chix named Hollywood
pretending to be a watermelon
bout to take my lunch break...what do I wanna eat?
Mmmm...this orange soda is the BOMB
Correction: yagerbombers DO NOT equal fun
Drunkety drunk at the barrrrr...yagerbombers equal fun
Just saw my child-hood sweetheart, Blake Dieste...lol
at mollys drinkin shiners wit ma boyz Davey B. and Danny T....
wishes she was a magenta leprechaun
Is dust in the wind
checkin my fresh
Is drunk.
Being overpowered by a smelly man's cheap cologne and lame advances...ugh. T-Mobile is NOT the local bar, mmmk?
contemplating the intricacies of the HPK 2000 (my possible new lover)
Lovin me some Autumn
Playin with my crackberry...
trying to avoid Wal-Mart...
@mindofozeal see u 2morrow. btw i was the chick that got up on stage with wasi's mother in law Luna when you guys all jammed out at LCC ;)
@elpizzysofresh i have the day off yaaaaaaaaay
morning meetings SUCK
wake and bake
gangstaaas....wassup guys
is lovin it
these shnozberries taste like shnozberries
mmmm ice cream...
@souleyedee where you stayin these days?
is kickin it old skool, drinkin Boone's Farm...lol
excuse me, lemme introduce my lady, her name is beretta and she muthafuckin crazy....
is not lookin forward to working all day
@elpizzysofresh i am now obsessed completely with Its Always Sunny. repeat of yesterday please. hit me up yo
is enjoying some silence
@souleyedee awesome...etta james is coming to HoB btw, 4/30/09. Beyonce shoulda got her ass kicked. lol.
just finished practicing/recording and is ready for some more!
is in love with hindu kush
@elpizzysofresh why sick cause you havent seen me?
is watching grandmas boy