Our political revolution is just getting started. Help us keep the momentum going—tomorrow night, join us at Navy Pier in Chicago to kick off our nationwide movement. https://t.co/3imSkpyc1d
RT @shaunking: BROOKLYN!! WOW!!		This is how you kick off a campaign!!!		Thank you for showing up for @BernieSanders and for showing the wo…
RT @sunraysunray: Bernie talking about his family in such a beautiful way: he remembers economic anxiety, is grateful for his parents’ sacr…
RT @DavidKlion: This section of the speech in which Bernie compares how he grew up to how Trump grew up is straight 🔥 and right now it seri…
RT @ueunion: .@BernieSanders thanks UE Local 506 President Scott Slawson and the members of UE Locals 506 and 618 for "standing up, not jus…
RT @FaceTheNation: SANDERS 2020: "You can spend all the money you want against us, we will have a Medicare for all, single payer system," S…
Powerful special interests may have the money. But we have something better. We have the people. #BernieInBrooklyn https://t.co/nzr1p2lQfi
RT @gracerauh: Bernie Sanders: "This is going to be a 50 state campaign. We are not going to concede one state to Donald Trump”
Brothers and sisters: We have an enormous amount of work in front of us. If we stand together, if we don't allow Trump and his friends to divide us up, there is nothing we cannot accomplish.		This country has an extraordinary future. Let's make it happen.  #BernieInBrooklyn
When we are in the White House, we will move aggressively to end the epidemic of gun violence in this country and pass the common sense gun safety legislation that the overwhelming majority of Americans want. #BernieInBrooklyn
Over the last 2 years and before, you and I and millions of Americans have stood up and fought for justice in every part of our society. Because of all the work we have done, we are now on the brink of winning not just an election, but transforming our country. #BernieInBrooklyn
RT @fshakir: "I did not come from a family that gave me a $200,000 allowance every year beginning at the age of 3. As I recall, my allowanc…
Unlike Donald Trump, who shut down the government and left 800,000 federal employees without income to pay the bills, I know what it's like to be in a family that lives paycheck to paycheck. #BernieInBrooklyn
My father came to this country from Poland at 17, without a nickel in his pocket. He came to escape the crushing poverty that existed in his community, and to escape widespread anti-Semitism. Virtually his entire family there was wiped out by Nazi barbarism. #BernieInBrooklyn
RT @tictoc: .@BernieSanders promises to end mass incarceration and prison profiteering by investing “in jobs and education,” at his 2020 ca…
Brothers and sisters: We're going to win this election not because we have a super PAC funded by billionaires. We're going to win this election because we are going to bring our people together for an unprecedented grassroots effort. #BernieInBrooklyn
RT @BklynCollege411: “We will provide legal status for the 1.8 million people eligible for the #DACA program. The United States will no lon…
RT @AriRabinHavt: Well a few people showed up today in Brooklyn https://t.co/wSIHMUhHjL
Instead of demonizing the undocumented immigrants in this country, we're going to pass comprehensive immigration reform and provide a path toward citizenship. We're going to provide legal status to the 1.8 million young people eligible for the DACA program. #BernieInBrooklyn
RT @YDSA_: .@BernieSanders: “We are going to be a part of a political revolution that will change this country!” https://t.co/EalKFcjYu7
Today, we say to Trump and the fossil fuel industry: climate change is not a hoax but is an existential threat to our country and the entire planet. All of us have a moral responsibility to leave our children and grandkids a healthy and habitable planet. #BernieInBrooklyn
Today we say to the private health insurance companies, whether you like it or not, the United States will join every other major country on Earth and guarantee healthcare to all people as a right. #BernieInBrooklyn
RT @OurRevolution: “Thank you all for being part of a political revolution which is going to transform America — it is not ‘Bernie’ it is Y…
Today, I want to welcome you to a campaign which says, loudly and clearly, that the underlying principles of our government will not be greed, hatred and lies. It will not be racism, sexism, xenophobia, homophobia and religious bigotry. That is going to end. #BernieInBrooklyn
I’m back in Brooklyn, the place I was born and raised, to kick off this historic campaign.		We're going to win this election because we will put together the strongest grassroots coalition in the history of American politics. #BernieInBrooklyn https://t.co/zlMZKSveOv
RT @People4Bernie: "We gonna take this on home. We gonna finish what we started in 2016. This is a moment of transcendence... with these ha…
RT @jchaltiwanger: .@shaunking on @BernieSanders: “It’s his journey to this moment that makes me trust this man with our future.” https://t…
RT @BklynCollege411: “The true measure of a man; willing to have a vision even when others can’t see. The son of this city has been standin…
RT @OurRevolution: “Brooklyn, you should be proud that the son of this city has been standing on the frontlines for a very long time — stan…
RT @OurRevolution: “We will bring unions back to America, we will bring justice back to America, and we will make the American workers prou…
RT @OurRevolution: Today, @BernieSanders is rallying in Brooklyn. Tune in ⤵️⤵️	#BernieInBrooklyn	https://t.co/wbjLjJzuKS
RT @People4Bernie: "We learned about democracy on the streets. We learned how to collaborate and figure out difference between us. Those ea…
https://t.co/zlMZKSveOv
RT @People4Bernie: Here we go! #BernieInBrooklyn https://t.co/pnhD0XKyMD
RT @daveweigel: https://t.co/0OvKQv1044
We're getting ready to kick off our campaign at Brooklyn College and begin the next phase of our political revolution. #BernieInBrooklyn https://t.co/jelKfganfD
RT @People4Bernie: We’re here getting down to live music and their set just finished with them saying “let’s get Bernie elected!” And the c…
RT @ttagaris: #BernieInBrooklyn https://t.co/IuvMfNlROR
RT @BklynCollege411: The crowds are streaming in, campus looks spectacular, and we’re almost ready to welcome back alum @BernieSanders! htt…
If you’re able to, join us in Brooklyn tomorrow. If you’re not, I hope you’ll follow along online and help us launch this historic movement. 4/4 https://t.co/4qCnhTPvbF
For too many, the dream of progress and opportunity is denied. With your help, we're going to win this election because we'll put together the strongest grassroots coalition in the history of American politics and create a government that works for all, not just those on top. 3/4
As a kid I learned, in many, many ways, what lack of money means to a family. That’s a lesson I have never forgotten. I have seen the promise of America in my own life. My parents would have never dreamed that their son would be a U.S. senator, let alone run for president. 2/4
I grew up in Brooklyn, in a three-and-a-half room, rent-controlled apartment on E. 26th St. in Midwood. Tomorrow, we kick off our presidential campaign not far from there, at Brooklyn College, where I studied for a year. 1/4 https://t.co/ju7dm33KLB
How is it that the billionaires of this country get huge tax breaks, but our teachers and children get broken chairs, flooded classrooms and inadequate support staff in their schools?		I’m running for president because we need a radical change in national priorities.
If we can spend over $700 billion on our military every year we can certainly make public colleges and universities tuition-free in America.
There are 140 million poor and low-income people in this country, while the three richest people are together worth over $318 billion. 		This is the reason we fight for a government and economy that work for more than the top 1%.
Clearly, Pence and Trump are afraid of our campaign because when 1 million people volunteer in a week, the president and VP know our grassroots campaign is the strongest challenge to their chances for re-election. They know our ideas are widely supported by the America people. https://t.co/tfJplW92MF
RT @TheView: THIS MORNING: Sen. @BernieSanders joins to share his #PoliticalView and discuss his 2020 presidential campaign LIVE on @TheVie…
Our political revolution is just getting started. Join us TOMORROW, March 2, at Brooklyn College for the very first rally of our campaign: https://t.co/4qCnhTPvbF
RT @TheView: TOMORROW: Sen. @BernieSanders joins @TheView co-hosts LIVE to discuss his 2020 presidential campaign. https://t.co/JjXVwpqfeB
What democratic socialism means to me is making sure that all people live with security and dignity. That was FDR’s vision over 70 years ago and it is what we must continue to fight for today. https://t.co/NPyJrGbUrT
RT @LateNightSeth: TONIGHT: @SenSanders and J.K. Simmons! https://t.co/gKqxETLPS7
RT @rweingarten: Democrats and progressives need to focus on what the United Electrical union calls the “first major US manufacturing strik…
I believe health care must be a right, not a privilege.		I believe we must combat climate change, save the planet and create millions of jobs.		I believe everyone in America should be able to attend college, regardless of their family’s income.		What’s radical about that? https://t.co/xdWzYQwFgf
Our campaign has gotten off to an incredible start, but our nationwide movement to take on the billionaire class is just getting going. I hope you'll join us this Sunday, March 3 for a kickoff rally at Navy Pier in Chicago: https://t.co/cfX3q4nTN8
On Saturday I'm going back to Brooklyn, where I was born and raised, for the first rally of our campaign. Let's show Trump and the powerful special interests what they're up against. RSVP here to join us: https://t.co/4qCnhTxTN5
Medicare for all is not some crazy idea.		It's supported by 70% of the American people.		It's co-sponsored by more than 100 members of Congress.		It's what we must do to end the international disgrace of being the only major country not to make health care a right.
RT @DannyDeVito: Bernie 2020
RT @mrdannyglover: I also am putting my full support for @SenSanders for President in 2020 and the people's agenda he supports! I'm also gr…
We have got to get our priorities right.		Instead of giving huge tax breaks to billionaires and profitable corporations, we must create the best public educational system in the world. Instead of major increases in military spending, we must invest in our kids.
You cannot claim that a health care system in which more than 42% of cancer patients lose their life savings within 2 years is a system that works. It is a moral outrage.		We need Medicare for All, and we need it now.
1,700 Wabtec workers in Erie, PA are on strike because the company refuses to treat workers fairly, even though Wabtec will bring in $8 billion this year.		Tell CEO Raymond Betler to let workers negotiate a fair, equitable collective bargaining agreement: https://t.co/soOJEAR8vr
I'm running for president because we need real criminal justice reform. It’s an international disgrace that we have more people in jail than any other country—disproportionately Black, Latino and Native American.
RT @NicholsUprising: “I'm proud to stand with the locomotive manufacturing workers of @ueunion Local 506 and 618.”	— @BernieSanders is all…
We must follow cities and states across the country and raise the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour and index it to median wage growth thereafter. Doing so would give more than 40 million low-wage workers a raise, more than 25 percent of the U.S. workforce.
In the United States, drug companies can charge whatever they want and raise prices whenever they want. That's not the case in other countries around the world. 		We've got to stop letting pharma rip off the American people.
While many Republicans leaders want to cut Social Security, about half of older Americans have no retirement savings. We need to EXPAND Social Security, not destroy it.
We spend almost twice as much per capita on health care as any nation, yet our health outcomes are worse and life expectancy is in decline. How does that make any sense?		It is time for us to join every other major country and guarantee health care to all people as a right.
The pharmaceutical industry is the greediest entity in the country. And the way we are going to beat them is by millions of people standing up and saying, "You're not going to get away with killing Americans any longer."
Trump must be exposed for the fraud and pathological liar he is. #SandersTownHall https://t.co/e7zEpR6yQC
When I talk about democratic socialism, what I talk about are human rights and economic rights. #SandersTownHall https://t.co/dPnH4i0DMd
RT @RoKhanna: The truth is that Americans on both sides of the aisle support @BernieSanders’ platform:		🏥 70% support Medicare for all	🎓 60…
The message of our campaign is that we have got to bring the American people together around an agenda which creates a government that works for all of us, not just those on top. #SandersTownHall
I strongly support statehood for Washington DC. #SandersTownHall
The national emergency we have is that we don’t have comprehensive immigration reform. The emergency is that we have 1.8 million undocumented young people living in fear they could be deported from the only country they’ve ever known. #SandersTownHall
We have got to make it clear to Russia that they cannot sabotage elections, not just in the United States, but around the world. That is a serious offense that will not be taken lightly. #SandersTownHall
RT @CNN: "‘Am I going to demand that the wealthy and large corporations start paying their fair share of taxes?’ Damn right, I will!”		Sen.…
Do I support universal pre-K at a time when it is unaffordable for working class Americans?		Absolutely.		#SandersTownHall
It’s a disgrace and embarrassment that we have a president who doesn’t even understand that climate change is real and caused by human activity. #SandersTownHall
What democratic socialism means to me is making sure that all of our people live with security and dignity. #SandersTownHall
I have met people with $300,000 in student debt. That is crazy! We have got to make public colleges and universities tuition-free and substantially lower student debt. #SandersTownHall
RT @CNN: Bernie Sanders addresses his universal health care plan: “The only way to provide health care to all people in a cost-effective wa…
Before I ran for president in 2016, Medicare for all was considered radical. Today a significant majority support it. The drug and insurance companies don’t, because they profit off of our dysfunctional system which leaves 30 million without health insurance. #SandersTownHall
At a time of massive income and wealth inequality, am I going to demand that the very rich and large corporations start paying their fair share in taxes? Damn right I am. #SandersTownHall
Where are we going to get the money to pay for our priorities? To start, Amazon made $11.2 billion in profits last year. You know how much they paid in taxes? $0. We're going to change that. #SandersTownHall
I hope and believe that every Democratic candidate will come together after the nominee is selected and make sure Donald Trump is not re-elected. I hope I am the nominee, but if I’m not, I certainly pledge to do that. #SandersTownHall
RT @CNN: Watch a presidential town hall with candidate @BernieSanders as he faces voters live from Washington in the CNN #SandersTownHall,…
The only way we will defeat Trump and the special interests that support him is with a grassroots movement – the likes of which has never been seen in American history.		Let’s show the billionaire class we’re not backing down any time soon. https://t.co/cpIVhi4veF
I've been criticized for saying this so let me say it again: The federal minimum wage of $7.25 is a starvation wage and every worker in America deserves a living wage of at least $15 an hour.
This campaign is about talking about the issues we are fighting for. I condemn bullying and harassment of any kind and in any space. https://t.co/ZpA2WUY70e
Tonight I'll be joining CNN for the first town hall of our campaign. I hope you'll join us. Tune in at 8 p.m. ET and follow along here on Twitter. https://t.co/xYTHCvqzhI
Who we're taking on:		-Insurance companies	-Pharma	-The NRA	-The fossil fuel industry	-The private prison industry	-Wall Street	-The billionaire class		Who's going to win:		-We are.
The U.S. has the highest incarceration rate in the world and incarcerates African Americans at more than five times the rate of white people.		Our job is to end the destructive “war on drugs,” eliminate private prisons and cash bail and bring about major police department reform.
50 years ago, the CEO-to-worker compensation ratio was 20 to 1.		Last year, it was 312 to 1.		While the middle class has been decimated and working people struggle to get by, the rich continue to get richer. Unacceptable.
RT @ninaturner: The people are on the move and we are just getting started!	#BERNIE2020 https://t.co/QfitjyNEdz
RT @aseitzwald: Bernie Sanders hits his goal of 1 million sign ons.		Notably, includes 324,186 new people who were not part of Sanders 2016…
"Radical." "Extreme." That's what the ideas we fought for in 2016 were considered back then.		Now those ideas are supported by a majority of Americans. It's time to defeat Donald Trump, complete that revolution and implement the vision we fought for. https://t.co/XljYaGrQCd
Breaking: In just six days, 1 million people have already signed on to support our campaign. We are just getting started. https://t.co/2p6gljH2vT
The fight for Medicare for All will be opposed by all of the special interests—drug companies, insurance companies, Wall Street—who make billions from our dysfunctional health care system. 		They may have the money. But we have the people. We are going to win this fight.
I'm running for president because we need to understand that artificial intelligence and robotics must benefit the needs of workers, not just corporate America and those who own that technology.
I’m running for president because we must extend the concept of public education beyond the 12th grade and make public colleges and universities tuition-free. Every young person, regardless of the income of his or her family, should have the opportunity to attend college.
$25,149.		That's how much the Walton family of Walmart makes in a single MINUTE—more than the average Walmart worker makes in an entire year.		Instead of austerity for working families and the poor, we need austerity for billionaires and massive corporations.
My time at the University of Chicago, at the height of the Civil Rights Movement, changed my life and helped shape me into the person I am today. I'm excited to return to Chicago as we kick off our movement. Join us at Navy Pier next Sunday, March 3rd: https://t.co/cfX3q4FvbI
I am very excited to announce that I’ll be returning home to Brooklyn, where I spent the first 19 years of my life, for the first rally of our campaign this Saturday, March 2nd. RSVP here to join us as we kick off our nationwide movement: https://t.co/4qCnhTPvbF
Americans should not die without the medication they need because drug companies want to make even bigger profits. I’m running for president because we need to take on the pharmaceutical industry's outrageous greed and lower drug prices in this country.
Our campaign is about creating a vibrant democracy with the highest voter turnout of any major country. We must restore the Voting Rights Act, overturn Citizens United, end voter suppression and gerrymandering, make Election Day a holiday and move to public funding of elections.
We are the wealthiest nation in the history of the world. We should not have 30 million Americans without any health insurance. We should not have an economy in which tens of millions of workers earn starvation wages.
We are spending $80 billion a year to lock up 2.2 million people, disproportionately African Americans, Latinos and Native Americans. We need real, comprehensive criminal justice reform. We must invest in jobs and education, not more jails and incarceration. https://t.co/7tn2uHVmCq
Our campaign is rooted in the principle of solidarity. We recognize that every person on this planet shares a common humanity, that we all want our children to grow up healthy, to have a good education, have decent jobs, drink clean water, breathe clean air and live in peace.
Our campaign is about thinking big. We can be a nation that transforms our energy system away from fossil fuels toward sustainable energies and that leads the world in improving international cooperation in the fight against climate change.
I stand with @OaklandEA teachers who are fighting for smaller class sizes, fairer pay, more student support, and fundamentally defending public education. Oakland must not shut down 24 of the city’s 87 public schools.
I’m running for president because we need leadership that will fight for the interests of workers, not just the 1 percent. We must:		-Raise the minimum wage to a living wage of $15	-Provide pay equity for women	-Guarantee all workers paid family and medical leave
Our campaign is based upon a very simple principle: Real change never comes from the top on down. It always comes from the bottom on up.		When millions of us stand together, there is nothing we cannot accomplish. https://t.co/QQcle42XW8
I'm honored to once again have the support of my good friend @KillerMike. He is a tireless advocate for social, economic and racial justice in this country. https://t.co/mG0vEFO8sg
RT @CarmenYulinCruz: Algunos olvidan que el poder está en la calle. @BernieSanders reconoce que es desde las comunidades que se construye u…
RT @allinwithchris: Tune in tonight at 8pm E.T. to see @chrislhayes interview @SenSanders #inners https://t.co/wwfXpP8nIe
RT @RoKhanna: It’s such an honor to be named a national co-chair for @BernieSanders alongside @NinaTurner and @CarmenYulinCruz. 		Together…
Five states and many cities have passed a $15/hour minimum wage. It's not a "radical" idea anymore. Together, we are going to fight for workers in all 50 states and raise the minimum wage to $15 at the federal level.
To defeat Trump we must build a team prepared to fight for economic, social, racial &amp; environmental justice. That’s exactly what @ninaturner, @RoKhanna, @CarmenYulinCruz and @YoBenCohen have been doing their entire lives. I’m excited to announce them as campaign co-chairs.
RT @MSNBCPR: TONIGHT ON @ALLINWITHCHRIS: Sen. @BernieSanders sits down with @ChrisLHayes for his first prime time interview since announcin…
Gun violence is an epidemic in this country that must end. Our job: take on the NRA, expand background checks, end the gun show loophole and ban the sale and distribution of assault weapons. https://t.co/Fv9IaqYKTD
Our campaign is about creating a government and economy that work for the many, not just the few. We should not have grotesque levels of wealth inequality in which three billionaires own more wealth than the bottom half of the country.
If somebody wants to call me a radical, okay, here it is: I believe that people are inherently entitled to health care. I believe people are entitled to get the best education they can. I believe that people are entitled to live in a clean environment.
I’m running for president because we must defend a woman’s right to control her own body against massive political attacks taking place at the local, state and federal level.
Trump tweeted, emailed, and text-messaged his supporters—terrified of our Day 1 fundraising and sign-up numbers. He’s scared. And he should be. Help us send Trump a message in a language he’s sure to understand: Make a $10 donation to our campaign today: https://t.co/gmJT4pVDbT https://t.co/pBY4p7noAZ
We need to invest in jobs and education for our kids, not more jails and incarceration. We need to end the destructive "war on drugs," eliminate private prisons and cash bail and bring about major police department reform.
Incredible! In less than two days, 600,000 supporters have signed up to join our campaign. This is what the political revolution looks like. Will you sign up to help us reach our goal of 1 million? https://t.co/3MRESXxZ1e https://t.co/a3ipdBmbsD
I'm running for president because we need to have the best educated workforce in the world. That is why we need to make public colleges and universities tuition free and lower student debt.
Together we can defeat Donald Trump and repair the damage he has done to our country. We need leadership that brings us together – not divides us up. https://t.co/iCSNhM2FXD
The U.S. must lead the world in improving international cooperation in the fight against climate change, militarism, authoritarianism and global inequality. I'm running for president because we need a foreign policy which focuses on democracy, human rights, diplomacy and peace.
I'm running for president because we must end the epidemic of gun violence in this country. We need to take on the NRA, expand background checks, end the gun show loophole and ban the sale and distribution of assault weapons.
We need to provide immediate legal status for the young people eligible for the DACA program and develop a humane policy for those seeking asylum. The demonization of undocumented immigrants in this country must end and we must move to comprehensive immigration reform.
I’m running for president because, now more than ever, we need leadership that brings us together – not divides us up. I need you to be a part of this million person movement to transform our country. Join me: https://t.co/qF3DpJmRX3 https://t.co/3wtNIEkH32
I'm running for president because a great nation is judged not by how many billionaires and nuclear weapons it has, but by how it treats the most vulnerable – the elderly, the children, our veterans, the sick and the poor.
Since yesterday morning, the response to our campaign has been incredible.		-$6 million raised	-225,000 contributors	-Average donation: $27		We are just getting started. Let's stand together to transform this country. https://t.co/6gBtXRTWhf
What’s crazy is that we have a president who is a racist, a sexist, a xenophobe and a fraud. We are going to bring people together and not only defeat Trump but transform the economic and political life of this country. Say you're in: https://t.co/rxqbjJJKv3 https://t.co/HoJG0Rlwq1
At the end of the day, the only way that real change takes place is when millions of people stand up, fight back, and say, "Enough is enough. We're gonna have a government that works for all of us, not just the few." Sign up here to join our movement: https://t.co/6nzszOLy7H https://t.co/3mfWrRPjU6
We need a president who understands that climate change is real, is an existential threat to our country and the entire planet, and that we can generate massive job creation by transforming our energy system away from fossil fuels to energy efficiency and sustainable energy.
If you haven't yet, run to our website to chip in to our campaign before the end of the day. We need as many supporters as possible to contribute by midnight: https://t.co/oINXF8mLve https://t.co/ZSTE6iQguv
I’m running for president because the time is long overdue for the United States to join every other major country on Earth and guarantee health care to all people as a right, not a privilege, through a Medicare-for-all program.
Me postulo para la presidencia. Les pido que se unan a mí hoy como parte de una campaña sin precedentes e histórica que comenzará con al menos 1 millón de personas por todos los puntos del país. Di que estás conmigo? https://t.co/qBu2qOOlQg https://t.co/NuyemBgG82
More than 100,000 people have donated to our campaign since we launched this morning. Brothers and sisters, if we stand together, there is no limit to what we can accomplish. Join the movement here: https://t.co/4YhCuNlKEk https://t.co/5BVOv6ksGV
RT @TheYoungTurks: .@SenSanders will be on @TheYoungTurks tonight at 6pm ET to talk to @cenkuygur about his #2020 Presidential candidacy.…
RT @shaunking: YES! 		I am so glad that @BernieSanders is running. He will energize and engage voters in all 50 states. I've gotten to know…
RT @NicholsUprising: "I’m running for president because... we need leadership that brings us together—not divides us up. Women &amp; men, black…
Thank you @SenatorLeahy and @PeterWelch for your support. What I promise to do, as I go around the country, is carry the values that all of us in Vermont are proud of — a belief in justice, community and grassroots politics. https://t.co/MwzEp90e3J
I’m running for president so that, together, we can create a nation that leads the world in the struggle for economic, racial, social and environmental justice. https://t.co/Gkf4ji3N6U
Three years ago, we were told ideas like Medicare for all, tuition-free college and a $15 minimum wage were "radical" and "extreme." These policies and more are now supported by a majority of Americans. Please chip in to help us complete that revolution. https://t.co/IxWz5IY5l5
Have you joined the team yet? Add your name to say you're in: https://t.co/RPn2ahN7rq https://t.co/nqc7sqKBRc
The only way we will win this election and create a government and economy that work for all is with a grassroots movement—the likes of which has never been seen in American history. Join our campaign on Day One: https://t.co/Ncyyl5GP1X
Powerful special interests may have the money, but we have the people. Supporters from all 50 states have donated to our unprecedented grassroots campaign. Say you're in: https://t.co/4YhCuNlKEk https://t.co/d32UxxRi9q
RT @CBSThisMorning: #BREAKING: Senator @BernieSanders tells @CBSNews in an exclusive interview that he will run for president. 		"We're gon…
I'm running for president. I am asking you to join me today as part of an unprecedented and historic grassroots campaign that will begin with at least 1 million people from across the country. Say you're in: https://t.co/KOTx0WZqRf https://t.co/T1TLH0rm26
In the last year, more American workers went on strike than in any year in nearly 3 decades.		When we stand together and fight, we can accomplish anything. We can transform this country from the bottom on up.
At a time when half of older Americans over the age of 55 have no retirement savings, our job is to expand Social Security to make sure that everyone in this country can retire with the dignity they have earned and everyone with a disability can live with the security they need.
We must do everything that we can to preserve American democracy and oppose the current drift toward authoritarianism that I believe Trump represents. 		Those of us who believe in democracy and that our government must be accountable to its people must stand up and fight back.
Those who think universal health care is a fantasy might want to learn about Australia, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, U.K. and many other countries who have made health care a right.
The top 10 corporate executives in America saw their combined compensation skyrocket to $1.8 billion in 2017. Ten people.		Meanwhile we have 40 million people living in poverty. That kind of inequality should not exist in a modern society.
When we organize and stand together, we can win. Congratulations to @DenverTeachers on their hard fought victory. https://t.co/4Wg1BaA0by
Since the Parkland shooting one year ago, nearly 1,200 American kids have been killed by guns. This is an epidemic that has got to be stopped.		We must follow the lead of the young activists who have bravely stood up to the NRA, and pass commonsense gun safety legislation.
In the richest nation in the history of the world, it's a moral and political failing that nearly 30 million Americans don’t have health insurance. We must go forward to finally guarantee health care for all as a right through a Medicare for All, single-payer program.
The Walton family makes more money in one minute than Walmart workers do in an entire year. This is what we mean when we talk about a rigged economy.
Social Security is the most successful government program in our nation’s history. We must expand it so that every American can retire with the dignity and respect they deserve.
There is something profoundly wrong when one family in our country, the Walton family, owns more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans. We need an economy that works for all of us, not just the rich and powerful.
A moral society does not give tax breaks to billionaires, and then cut back on the needs of struggling seniors or people with disabilities. We must get our priorities straight and expand Social Security.
We cannot continue a dysfunctional healthcare system which costs us about twice as much per capita as any other major country and leaves nearly 30 million Americans uninsured. We must guarantee health care for everyone through a Medicare for All program.
Americans pay, by far, the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs because, unlike other countries, the United States doesn’t directly regulate the price of medicine. That’s why I introduced the Prescription Drug Price Relief Act to rein in the greed of Big Pharma.
If we are going to successfully combat climate change, we must have the courage to take on the greed of the fossil fuel industry which is driving this crisis—as well as well as the politicians who have been bought off and refuse to do anything to address it.
The current federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour is a starvation wage. It must be raised to $15 an hour and indexed to median wage growth thereafter. Doing so would give more than 40 million Americans a raise.
When it comes to taking on the imminent threat of climate change, we cannot think small. We must enact bold solutions to save our planet from the disastrous effects of climate change by passing the Green New Deal to save the planet and create millions of new jobs.
We must end the international embarrassment of being the only major country on earth, the only one, which does not guarantee workers paid medical and family leave, paid sick time and paid vacation time.
Enough is enough. We have to summon the courage to take on the fossil fuel industry. We must accelerate our transition to clean energy, and finally put people before the profits of polluters.
In a society with our resources, it is unconscionable that we do not properly invest in our children from the very first stages of their lives. We need universal, publicly funded childcare.
I stand with the Denver teachers. Public education is fundamental to any functioning democratic society, and teaching is one of its most valuable and indispensable professions. We need to treat educators with respect and dignity.  #DenverTeacherStrike
We must recognize the collective power of the labor movement to demand and win respect and equity for workers across the country. When we stand together, we can win.
With Medicare for All, Americans will benefit from the freedom and security that comes with finally separating health insurance from employment. That freedom would mean American workers would no longer have to choose between bargaining for higher wages or better health insurance.
When people tell us the only thing that we can get is incremental health care change, we will tell them “no thanks.” We’re thinking big and demanding fundamental change on this issue.
Medicare for all is a struggle not just about health care, but about the heart and soul of our country — about what we stand for as a people. And it is a struggle that we are going to win.
At a time when we see an unprecedented and coordinated attack against a woman’s right to choose, it is incredibly important that we fight to make sure that every woman in this country has the right to control her own body.
While the ruling class may have the money, we have something that is even more powerful on our side – the people. Our government belongs to all of us, and not just the one percent.
The mark of a great nation is judged not by how many tax breaks it can give to billionaires, but by how it treats its most vulnerable people.
RT @riseupretail: A $15 minimum wage was once considered "radical" – but working people organized, and today, members of Congress led by @S…
At a time of huge income and wealth inequality, Americans should be outraged that profitable corporations are laying off workers while spending billions of dollars to boost their stock’s value to further enrich the wealthy few.
Nearly 85 percent of all stocks owned by Americans belong to the wealthiest 10 percent of households. The time is long overdue for us to create an economy that works for all Americans, not just the people on top.
RT @CNN: Sen. Bernie Sanders sent a blistering letter to a pharmaceutical company on Monday, demanding answers about its decision to charge…
RT @nytopinion: In this Congress, @SenSchumer &amp; @SenSanders say they'll attempt to get a vote on legislation that demands corporations comm…
We must repeal Citizens United, move to public funding of elections and end voter suppression and gerrymandering.		Our goal: establish a political system that has the highest voter turnout in the world and is governed by the democratic principle ‘one person - one vote.’
For every white male dollar:	- Asian American women earn 87 cents	- White women earn 79 cents	- Black women earn 63 cents	- Native American women earn 58 cents	- Latina women earn 54 cents		Pay equity among men and women workers should be established by LAW.
The U.S. Senate and House must reassert its constitutional authority and finally end our support for the unauthorized, unconstitutional, and catastrophic Saudi-led war in Yemen so we can focus on humanitarian aid and a diplomatic solution.
We must recommit ourselves to bringing all people together in the fight for a just and humane world. When we stand together, we can win.
Big Pharma is one of the wealthiest and most powerful political forces in this country. If the pharmaceutical industry will not end its greed, which is literally killing Americans, then we will end it for them.
One of the major, untold stories of our time is the rapid movement toward global oligarchy. It is not acceptable that the top 1% of the world’s population owns half the planet’s wealth, while the bottom 70% of the working age population accounts for just 2.7% of global wealth.
Real and fundamental change never comes from the top on down. It’s never given to anybody. It always comes from the bottom on up, from grassroots activism, from millions of people standing up and fighting for justice.
In the twenty-first century, a public education system that goes from early childhood education through high school is not good enough. We must make public colleges and universities tuition-free.
We have a dysfunctional childcare system in this country, which is too expensive for parents, while providers are paid totally inadequate wages. We need to do what other countries around the world do – develop a high quality universal child care program.
Instead of giving huge tax breaks to billionaires and profitable corporations, we must create the best public educational system in the world. Instead of major increases in military spending, we must invest in our kids.
Correction: more than half of older Americans have no retirement savings.
We don’t need to create artificial crises like this government shutdown. We have enough real ones. Mr. President, end the crisis you created. End the shutdown.
If we are serious about reducing income and wealth inequality and creating good paying jobs, we have to substantially increase the number of union jobs in this country. We must make it easier, not harder, for workers to join unions. https://t.co/cmWRYgXH1q
The Sackler family and Purdue Pharma helped cause the opioid crisis through aggressive marketing and lobbying of the opioid painkiller OxyContin. We must hold the pharmaceutical companies and executives that created the opioid crisis accountable. https://t.co/0IO5K3unQ5
RT @BenedictEDU: You are most welcome @BernieSanders  and Thank You for being “A Power for Good!” https://t.co/CzPim9tklG
Thank you to @BenedictEDU for hosting me this afternoon. Your generation has the power to transform this nation. https://t.co/qLfdvvM7r1
BERNIE LIVE IN SOUTH CAROLINA: Watch Senator Sanders speak with students at Benedict College (@OfficialBenedictPage) https://t.co/1DnizfIbCC
RT @BenedictEDU: Attention Tigers! Senator Bernie Sanders Returns to BENEDICT COLLEGE to have " A Conversation with College Students" on Tu…
Dr. King taught us that the “inseparable twin of racial injustice is economic injustice.” He taught us that we had to fight against three major evils – “the evil of racism, the evil of poverty and the evil of war.” #MLKDay
Racial equality must be central to combatting economic inequality, if we are to build an economy that works for all of us, and not just the top 1%.
In my view, not only do we have to expand primary health care and build more community health centers, but we need to guarantee health care to every man, woman and child as a right – through a Medicare for all, single-payer program.
We can and must end the pollution that disproportionately poisons the poor and people of color. We must move forward towards a jobs guarantee and a Green New Deal.
In 1963, I had the honor of attending Dr. King's March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom. 		56 years after that march, many of the demands being made then are still being fought for today. 		Let’s work together and, in the spirit of Dr. King, get it done. https://t.co/f17AHBDaHj
Today we are here, not just to remember and honor Dr. King. We  are here  to fulfill his revolutionary spirit, to have the courage to take on the economic and political establishment and to create the kind of nation we know we can become.
"We are here today to honor and remember Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., a man of extraordinary brilliance and courage who time and time again put his life on the line in the struggle for racial, economic and social justice." #MLKDay https://t.co/KiLhu7hdAG
BERNIE LIVE IN SOUTH CAROLINA: Watch Senator Sanders speak at the annual King Day at the Dome rally in Columbia, South Carolina https://t.co/lOUoUUgFrx
Thank you for hosting us, @SCNAACP. #MLKDay https://t.co/Vqn3asEdlO
RT @guardian: Trump's economy is great for billionaires, not for working people | Bernie Sanders https://t.co/p5uLPPsNB9
If President Trump thinks privatizing the VA is what is best for our veterans, he is dead wrong. We must fully fund and expand the VA so that every veteran gets the care that he or she has earned and deserves. https://t.co/Qje9hK8M42
If Trump wants to talk about crises, why don’t we look at the massive levels of income and wealth inequality. Or the 30 million Americans who have no health insurance and millions more who cannot afford the medicine they need. 		Grow up, do your job, end this shutdown.
Instead of austerity programs for working families and the poor, we need austerity for billionaires and large multinational corporations. We must demand that they pay their fair share in taxes. https://t.co/rGj5p6CiIF
No other country allows pharmaceutical companies to charge any price they want for any reason they want. The greed of the prescription drug industry is literally killing Americans and it has got to stop. https://t.co/bqh4wyw6Eg
Today, in America, more than half of older workers have no retirement savings – zero. That is unacceptable. We must create an economy that works for all of us, not just the wealthy few.
What I’ve learned from the labor movement is that one worker alone can beg for a wage, decent working conditions and retirement benefits, but when people stand together they don’t have to beg. They can win what they rightfully deserve. There is power in a union.
How is it that the top 25 hedge fund managers in this country make more money than the combined salaries of every kindergarten teacher? We have got to get our priorities right.
At a time of massive income and wealth inequality, Trump’s policies are moving this country in exactly the wrong direction. Over 83% of the benefits of Trump’s tax plan is going to the top 1%. https://t.co/Pjbvsg9fXh
How is it that the billionaires of this country get huge tax breaks, but our teachers and children get broken chairs, flooded classrooms and inadequate support staff in their schools? That is what a rigged economy looks like.
Let’s show the @UTLAnow teachers we stand with them in their struggle. Donate $27 today to their solidarity strike fund: https://t.co/p5itUGqPh9 https://t.co/IJkvMkYVkw
RT @nowthisnews: ‘This strike is a strike to save public education.’ — Here’s why Los Angeles teachers are striking in their own words http…
We cannot spend more on our military than the next 10 nations combined while millions of Americans go without food, housing, and health care. It’s about time we got our national priorities right. https://t.co/L4vy5kjC1B
Together, we must fight for a society that works for all Americans, not just the wealthy few. We must fight for economic, social, racial and environmental justice, not unbridled greed.
No, Donald Trump, the economy is not “absolutely booming” when nearly 80% of workers live paycheck to paycheck – hoping that they don’t get sick or that their car doesn’t break down.
Raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour  --&gt;		2015:	5 cosponsors in the Senate	56 cosponsors in the House		2019:	31 cosponsors in the Senate	181 cosponsors in the House		Real change never comes from the top on down. It always begins from the bottom up.
Just a few years ago, we were told that raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour was ‘radical.’ It is not a radical idea to say a job should lift you out of poverty, not keep you in it. We must increase the federal minimum wage from a starvation wage of $7.25 to $15 an hour.
A job must lift workers out of poverty, not keep them in it. We must raise the federal minimum wage from a starvation wage of $7.25 an hour to $15 an hour. Doing so would directly increase the wages of more than 25 percent of the U.S. workforce.
I stand in solidarity with @UTLAnow teachers who began striking today in Los Angeles for the first time in 30 years. Teaching is one of the most valuable and indispensable professions. We need to treat educators with respect and dignity. #UTLAStrong https://t.co/KsdTU7gA7G
If the pharmaceutical industry will not end its greed, which is literally killing Americans, then we will end it for them. https://t.co/EV3TTOwxxP
RT @RoKhanna: An overwhelming majority of Americans want us to lower the cost of prescription drugs.		@BernieSanders and I will tackle this…
The reality for American working families is that	-Real wages for average workers are lower than in 1973	-80% of Americans live paycheck to paycheck	-Half of older Americans have no retirement savings	We need to create an economy that works for all of us.
RT @WeAreCTA: Thank you for supporting LA educators @BernieSanders! https://t.co/X76OlbcWH0
This week I will introduce legislation along with many other members of Congress to raise the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour. Doing so would directly benefit over 41 million workers, including over half of African-American workers and nearly 60% of Latino workers.
Federal lands and waters must not be opened up to fossil fuel extraction. Public lands are national treasures that should be protected for future generations, not auctioned off to the fossil fuel industry’s highest bidders. https://t.co/crc8H0v0n5
Exxon Mobil knew the truth about fossil fuels and climate change and lied to protect their business model at the expense of the planet. The greed of the fossil fuel industry must end. https://t.co/kdpqczs1Vo
To the women on my 2016 campaign who were harassed or mistreated, thank you, from the bottom of my heart, for speaking out. I apologize. 		We can't just talk about ending sexism and discrimination. It must be a reality in our daily lives. That was clearly not the case in 2016. https://t.co/eJtCAGjHZu
President Trump, you want to talk about crises.  At a time of massive income and wealth inequality, tens of millions of workers in our country are earning starvation wages and are unable to adequately provide for their families.
I stand in solidarity w/ @UTLAnow teachers in their fight for fair pay, smaller classroom sizes &amp; stipends for materials and supplies. Teaching is one of the most valuable and indispensable professions. We need to treat educators with respect and dignity.	https://t.co/NKrqvxXO3e
Our federal employees deserve to be treated with respect, not held hostage as political pawns.
This is what a rigged economy is all about. We must work to transform American society by making our political and economic systems work for all of us, not just the 1 percent.		https://t.co/shuZZB9Uwf
The business model of Wells Fargo and Wall Street is fraud. The time has come to break up Wells Fargo and other behemoth financial institutions. No bank should be too big to fail and no CEO should be too big to jail. 		https://t.co/15tNEUxkWZ
In America today, a person can walk into a pharmacy and find that the medicine they have used for years has doubled, tripled, or quadrupled literally overnight. THAT is a true crisis.		https://t.co/xJUulLDWAi
Mr. President, we don’t need to create artificial crises.  We have enough real ones.  Let us end this shutdown and bring the American people together around an agenda that will improve life for all of our people.
President Trump, you want to talk about a national emergency? 30 million Americans have no health insurance and many more are underinsured. Thousands die each year because they don’t go to a doctor when they should.
The @fightfor15 movement is making a profound impact. We must follow cities and states across the country and raise the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour. https://t.co/DhGz4A1f8C
RT @UTLAnow: .@BernieSanders supports #UTLA in the fight to save public education in LA! 	“I stand with the Los Angeles teachers in their f…
Arming teachers is not the answer to our country’s gun epidemic.	We should be working to:	✅expand background checks	✅end the gun show loophole	✅end the so-called “straw man” provision	✅ban the sale &amp; distribution of assault weapons
The United States of America is the only -- only -- major country on Earth that does not provide paid family and medical leave. That must change.
Every American, regardless of income, should have the opportunity to get the education they need to thrive. We must move to make public colleges and universities tuition-free across the nation. https://t.co/lLPo5s5rFb
If we are serious about reducing income and wealth inequality and creating good paying jobs, we have to substantially increase the number of union jobs in this country. We must make it easier, not harder, for workers to join unions.
We must end the absurdity of the United States having more people in jail than any other country on Earth. We must invest in jobs and education for our young people, not more jails and incarceration.
As Frederick Douglass reminded us: "If there is no struggle, there is no progress." Real change will not come unless we take on the greed of Wall Street, the drug companies, the fossil fuel industry, the NRA, the military-industrial-complex and other special interests.
When we talk about justice, we have to understand that there is no justice when the top 0.1 percent -- not 1 percent, the top 0.1 percent -- today in America owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.
Jane and I want to take this opportunity to wish you and yours a very healthy and happy New Year. Let us resolve to fight like we have never fought before for a government, a society and an economy that works for all of us, not just those on top. https://t.co/CoddGijGdj
Today, at a time of massive income and wealth inequality and an outrageous level of corporate greed, we must never forget the struggles and ideals of those who came before us. We must continue the fight for a government and an economy that works for all, and not just the few.
Health care is a right. The United States must join the rest of the industrialized world and guarantee health care to every man, woman, and child through a national Medicare for all, single-payer system.
Thanks to the @fightfor15 movement, millions of low-wage workers across the country will see wage increases in 2019. We must raise the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour. https://t.co/BRpCLbs3sM
Enough is enough. It’s time for a political revolution that takes on the fossil fuel billionaires, accelerates our transition to clean energy, and finally puts people before the profits of polluters. https://t.co/9HGOI2XXPm
We must have the courage to take on the greed and ideology of the billionaire class and to fight for a world of economic, social, racial and environmental justice. Will this be an easy struggle? Certainly not. But it is a fight that we cannot avoid. The stakes are just too high.
No real change in American history—not the labor, civil rights, women’s, gay rights, environmental, nor any other movement for social justice—has ever succeeded without grassroots activism, without millions of people engaged in the struggle for justice.
RT @NicholsUprising: “The time is now for all working people, low-income people, senior citizens, young people, and all people of independe…
The American people want comprehensive immigration reform and a criminal justice system that is based on justice, not racism or mass incarceration.
It is an international embarrassment that we have more people locked up in jail than any other country on earth. That has got to end. We must become the country in the world which invests in jobs and education, not in more jails and incarceration. https://t.co/olO6rFVK9E
New research shows the @FightFor15 movement to raise minimum wages directly led to a collective $68 billion raise for 22 million low-wage workers in cities and states across the country. We must raise the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour. https://t.co/Ld06ia2zUi
RT @greenhousenyt: Thanks to the Fight for $15, the minimum wage for 60,000 fast-food workers in New York City will rise to $15 on Jan. 1.…
No one should have to work 120 hours a week or 5 jobs to be able to get the health care they need. We need a health care system that puts people before profits. We need a Medicare for all, single-payer system. https://t.co/p6Nzz16x2J
RT @NicholsUprising: What made ⁦@BernieSanders⁩ so valuable—and effective—in 2018 was the senator’s determination not just to resist Trump…
RT @postandcourier: "It is no coincidence that all of the workers who were recently fired openly support the union."		U.S. Senator @BernieS…
In 1980, CEOs made 30 times more than the average worker. Last year, the CEO-to-worker compensation ratio was 312-to-1. Together, we must finally create an America that works for all of us, not just those on top.
We must rebuild the American labor movement and make it easier, not harder, for workers to join unions. We must recommit ourselves to bringing all working people together in the fight for a just and humane world.
A job should lift workers out of poverty, not keep them in it. The current federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour is a starvation wage and must be raised to $15 an hour.
Health care is a right and not a privilege. It's time for a Medicare for all, single-payer system. https://t.co/e9uJFcGwzD
Sears is giving its executives $25 million in bonuses after the company closed over 100 stores and laid off thousands of employees. We must create an economy that works for all of us, not just those on top. https://t.co/DnNOKjjrnP
The average worker who would benefit from a $15 an hour minimum wage is more than 35 years old. The majority of low-wage workers are women – over 20 million of whom would get a raise by increasing the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour.
The federal minimum wage has not been raised since 2009. Increasing the minimum wage from $7.25 to $15 an hour would directly benefit 41 million workers, including over half of African-American workers and close to 60 percent of Latino workers.
Enough is enough. It’s time to substantially reduce student debt and make public colleges, universities, and vocational schools tuition free in the United States. https://t.co/hAUoqXp7w3
Clean water protections are essential to safeguarding our nation’s public health and our economic prosperity. One in three people – 117 million Americans – depend on drinking water from sources protected by the Clean Water Rule. https://t.co/n18Hs7UhFz
RT @RoKhanna: President Trump always talks about lowering the price of prescription drugs, but so far has not taken any real action to reig…
President Trump and his friends in the fossil fuel industry, in the name of short-term profits, are destroying the planet that we will be leaving our children and grandchildren. https://t.co/IOugznZwZL
If every major country on earth can guarantee health care to all and achieve better health outcomes, while spending substantially less per capita than we do, it is absurd for anyone to suggest that the United States of America cannot do the same. https://t.co/zlzdJv2yBK
A secure retirement is a central pillar of economic security for our working class. We must expand Social Security so that every American can retire with the dignity and respect they deserve. https://t.co/8NQqrIA9d1
This is what we mean when we talk about a rigged economy. If Sears has $25 million to give bonuses to executives after closing over 100 stores, why is the company telling thousands of laid off employees they don't have the money to pay their severance? https://t.co/vgL2F2BLVk
When we stand together, there is nothing, nothing, nothing we cannot accomplish. Together, we must reinvigorate democracy and transform our country so it works for the many, not just the few.
No one can deny that today’s minimum wage of $7.25 an hour is nothing more than a starvation wage. After 10 years of inaction, it’s time to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour. Doing so would directly benefit over 41 million workers across the nation.
Yesterday was a historic day. People all across the country woke up to our role in the horrific Saudi-led intervention in Yemen. We made it clear that the U.S. must rethink our relationship with the despotic Saudi regime. https://t.co/UEWUMEZ1fR
Thank you to all the people at the grassroots level throughout our country who helped us win this major vote on the path toward ending U.S. involvement in the horrific Saudi-led intervention in Yemen. https://t.co/0v83E06Fmk
RT @axios: BREAKING: Senates votes to pull U.S. support from the Saudi-led coalition in Yemen by a 58-41 vote	https://t.co/QV5RC4BGzf
RT @WinWithoutWar: Vote by vote, we are winning! The Senate just voted 56 to 41 to end U.S. support for the Saudi-led war in Yemen! #SJRES5…
RT @USATODAY: In a rebuke to Trump, the Senate votes to halt U.S. support for the Saudi-led war in Yemen https://t.co/uprNGVYXSL https://t.…
In the last three years, 85,000 children have died and millions are on the brink of starvation. We must tell Saudi Arabia that the United States will no longer support their despotic regime's role in the horrific war in Yemen.
RT @vermontedition: Sen. Sanders On Resolution To End U.S. Support For Saudi-Led War In Yemen https://t.co/RFj9yZ072j https://t.co/McZopJui…
We cannot follow the lead of the despotic regime in Saudi Arabia any longer. We must end U.S. support for the disastrous Saudi-led war in Yemen today.
The time is long overdue for the United States to stop following the lead of Saudi Arabia. The Senate must reassert its constitutional authority and vote today to end our support for this unauthorized, unconstitutional, and disastrous Saudi-led war in Yemen.
We must extend the concept of public education beyond the 12th grade and make public colleges and universities tuition-free. Every young person, regardless of the income of his or her family, should have the opportunity to attend college.
During his campaign, Trump repeatedly promised the American people that “the rich will not be gaining at all” from his tax plan and that it would provide a “big-league” tax cut for the middle class. He lied.		https://t.co/BQSgWTBRzo
The war in Yemen has displaced more than 3 million, brought 14 million to the brink of famine, and killed more than 16,000 civilians. The United States cannot continue supporting the disastrous Saudi-led war in this country. 		https://t.co/SDN8AB6hXB
For every man, woman, and child in this country - regardless of income, race, gender, or zip code - health care must be recognized as a right, not a privilege.		https://t.co/e7YKr0IsH1
The Obama rule was designed to limit pollution in about 60 percent of the nation’s bodies of water, protecting sources of drinking water for about a third of the United States. Trump’s new rule puts the profits of polluters over the American people. 		https://t.co/qg4arpUhh4
After releasing a report that clearly states our need to transform our energy system away from fossil fuels and reduce carbon emissions, Trump’s EPA pick, Andrew Wheeler, is rolling back regulations that would help us accomplish just that.		https://t.co/MO7dtLVXuZ
Activists in Michigan collected 400,000 signatures on two separate petitions to put the minimum wage increase and paid sick leave on the ballot this November. 		Republicans' decision to undermine the will of the people is disgraceful and undemocratic.		https://t.co/lMO22QvBSp
Steps to creating a vibrant democracy:		✅expand voter registration	✅expand voter turnout	✅overturn Citizens United	✅restore the Voting Rights Act	✅fight gerrymandering
Climate change is real, it is caused by human activity, and it is already causing devastating harm here in the United States and across the globe. The fight for the future of the planet is the fight of our lifetime. 	https://t.co/Oq9ntCVYk8
We must continue the fight to ensure that every man, woman, and child in America has access to the health care they need. We can accomplish this and so much more if we stand boldly against corporate interests for the future we believe in.
U.N. officials have called the situation in Yemen the “largest food security crisis in the world.” U.S. support for the Saudi-led war in Yemen must end.		https://t.co/5r9jAKZ9AL
What Wisconsin Republicans are doing is undemocratic, outrageous, and an unprecedented attack on the poor. 		https://t.co/apuOTUcrhf
The best minds in the world are telling us that we have twelve years - which is no time at all - to get our act together. If we work to rapidly transform our energy system away from fossil fuels, this country could lead the world in saving the planet.		https://t.co/Ym8eAqwVWH
This is a moral stain on this country and Trump must be stopped from making the situation even worse. These families must be reunited immediately, and separations at the border permanently stopped.		https://t.co/7JWw7uNyFZ
If we work to rapidly transform our energy system away from fossil fuels, this country could lead the world in saving the planet.		https://t.co/BfdPcIRLcS
A fight for fair wages is always a worthy fight because, in this country, one job should be enough for a person to live with dignity.	https://t.co/GzJxrAYifA
We MUST work to strengthen voting rights and protections to ensure that people in every state can actively participate in our democratic process.		https://t.co/M1FtEsm8io
Coal ash won’t just affect millions of Americans’ air quality, it will also impact the public health and safety of coal workers. We need to move towards cleaner, renewable forms of energy. 		https://t.co/sTtu8LwOPF
I stand with the vast majority of the American people in the shared fight for safer gun laws and against the NRA’s corporate influence and ability to buy candidates and elected officials. 		https://t.co/PEpeEE0Vjt
Make no mistake; we CAN afford to invest in the things that will move this country forward, but only if we get our priorities straight.		https://t.co/2JMWlWDdeb
Any attempt to weaken the will of the American people is an attempt to subvert our democracy. The #WIPowerGrab is undemocratic, unacceptable, and must be addressed.
Trump refuses to accept the reality of climate change, putting short-term profits of polluters before people.		Newsflash, Mr. McNamee: The American people are “buying into” the reality of climate change because it is backed by clear science. Unlike Trump, we stick to the facts. https://t.co/9SLttd9ebn
The Trump administration’s policy to separate families is a moral stain on our democracy and Trump must be stopped from making the situation even worse. These families must be reunited immediately, and separations at the border permanently stopped.		https://t.co/e4xJKGQwdk
Climate change is an intersectional issue that will touch each and every one of us and, as such, it must be met with solidarity. 		https://t.co/AKUSZt2VZU
The Sears bankruptcy is a prime example of what a rigged economy looks like. Vulture capitalists have hollowed out a company to line their own pockets. It’s time for an economy that works for all of us, not just the wealthy.		https://t.co/MvkCSZ14J2
Transforming our energy system away from fossil fuels doesn’t have to come at the expense of good-paying jobs. We can lead the world in lowering carbon emissions, and in the process of doing so, create millions of new jobs in the sustainable energy.		https://t.co/JkbYjjqI3j
Equal pay is not just a women’s issue; it’s a family issue. When women don’t receive equal pay for equal work, families across America have less money to spend on child care, groceries, and housing. 	https://t.co/eJJaxtEHM4
Why is it that we feel comfortable giving tax breaks to corporate billionaires but don’t think we can afford to provide health care for every man, woman, and child in America?
If Republicans don’t want to lose power, maybe they should start making policies more representative of people, not corporations and billionaires.
Republicans in Wisconsin and Michigan (who lost statewide races in November) are trying to limit the power of incoming Democratic governors and prevent people from voting in future elections. 		This is incredibly undemocratic. https://t.co/pjMcFBUcx8
It was not an immigrant picking strawberries at $8 an hour who destroyed the economy in 2008. It was the greed and illegal behavior of Wall Street.
President Trump and his friends in the fossil fuel industry are destroying the planet in the name of short-term profits. Enough is enough. We have got to act boldly to combat climate change today.
We must create a vibrant democracy where the voices of all people are heard. We must build a nation that leads the world in the struggle for peace and economic, social, racial, and environmental justice.
For the last ten years, Congress, giving tax breaks to the rich, has forgotten to raise the minimum wage. $7.25/hr is a starvation wage. After ten years of inaction, it’s time to raise the minimum wage to $15/hour.
Raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour may have been a fringe idea a few years ago, but now it is a mainstream idea whose time has come.
RT @unitehere: 📢BREAKING📢	After over 60 days on strike, ⁦@UniteHereLocal2⁩, the last city out on the line, has reached a tentative agreemen…
We can revitalize our economy:	✅ increase the minimum wage to $15/hr	✅ make health care a right	✅ make public colleges and universities tuition-free	✅ create millions of jobs in sustainable energy
It’s time for a political revolution that takes on fossil fuel billionaires, accelerates our transition to clean energy, and finally puts people before the profits of polluters.
During Trump's campaign, he repeatedly promised the American people that “the rich would not gain at all” from his tax plan. He said it would provide a “big-league tax cut for the middle class."		He lied. 		It’s time for an economy that works for all of us, not just the rich.
A small number of major corporations owning and controlling large parts of what we see, hear, read, and buy poses a real threat to the kind democracy we want to be.	https://t.co/mkaGnvy3hn
President George H.W. Bush served our country honorably. He and Barbara will be remembered for their humble and devoted service to the country they loved. Jane and I send our deepest condolences to the entire Bush family.
The debate surrounding climate change has nothing to do with science. 		It has everything to do with money in politics.	https://t.co/lLh4HBer3E
Congress has got to take on Trump and the fossil fuel industry so we can transform our energy system away from fossil fuels and towards sustainable, efficient energies like solar and wind. https://t.co/p2wztW4egd
It’s as true today as it was in 1995: 	We have a rigged economy that allows corporations like #Walmart to have an outsized influence on American politics. 		It's time to stand up and demand a country and economy that works for ALL of us, not just a few. https://t.co/PKTbRxL98E
The constitution is clear: 	Congress holds war making powers -- not the president. 		U.S. support for the Saudi-led war in Yemen is unauthorized, unconstitutional, and must end. 	https://t.co/igufG8PBrf
Unless we take bold and drastic action to address climate change and transform our energy system away from fossil fuels to renewable sources of energy, I fear very much that the world we leave for our kids and grandkids will be in much worse shape than the world we live in today.
Not only is climate change real, it is already doing irreparable harm to our planet right here in the United States of America.	https://t.co/1ofY5OGWkP
The question isn’t whether the United States, the wealthiest country in the world, can AFFORD to provide health care for every man, woman, and child. The question is whether we have the moral courage to make a basic human right a priority at the top of our country’s agenda.
Our job is to build on our common humanity and do everything that we can to oppose all of the forces, whether unaccountable government power or unaccountable corporate power, who try to divide us up and set us against each other.
If our government can provide a trillion dollars in tax breaks to the richest 1% and expand military spending by $165 billion over 2 years, we can surely make public colleges and universities throughout the country tuition-free.
RT @IlhanMN: Kudos ⁦@BernieSanders 💪🏽		This is a tremendous step, we must not relent. 		The lives of millions is literally at stake!	 https…
RT @RoKhanna: Thanks to @BernieSanders leadership, today was the first time that a majority of Senators voted in favor of ending our involv…
The political revolution is about thinking big. It’s not about one election, one candidate, one issue. It’s about creating a movement that will transform the economic, political, social and environmental life of our country.
Let's keep the pressure on and make it crystal clear to the world that the United States of America is not going to continue to be part of this horrible Saudi-led coalition in Yemen which is causing so much death and misery. https://t.co/wkTc9yWbcx
I will go to the floor of the Senate today to try and stop the Saudi-led war in Yemen that has led to the deaths of hundreds of thousands of civilians, mass starvation and one of the greatest humanitarian crises the world now faces. https://t.co/5Jz16QSInl
RT @thenation: Bernie Sanders Is Battling to End ‘Unauthorized and Unconstitutional’ Aid to Saudi’s Assault on Yemen https://t.co/aCDsr6IyYM
The U.S. should not be part of Saudi Arabia's destructive foreign policy. The Senate must vote this week to end U.S. support for the unauthorized and brutal Saudi-led war in Yemen. https://t.co/wbLGDRLHQz
We are a nation of immigrants. I am proud to be the son of an immigrant. We must establish an immigration policy that stops the criminalization of communities of color and keeps families together while we push for comprehensive immigration reform.
This week I will be bringing SJ Res 54 back for a vote to pull US support from the Saudi-led war in Yemen. The Senate must vote to end US military support for this catastrophe, so we can focus on humanitarian aid and a diplomatic solution.
The United States has been Saudi Arabia’s partner in this horrific war in Yemen. We have been providing bombs the Saudi-led coalition is using, refueling their planes, and assisting with intelligence. And in too many cases our weapons are being used to kill civilians.
According to the UN, the war in Yemen has created the most severe famine in more than 100 years. In one of the poorest countries on earth, as a result of this war, some 85,000 children have starved to death over the last few years &amp; millions more face death if the war continues.
The Trump admin has made it clear they work for the executives and shareholders of predatory for-profit colleges rather than for students and taxpayers. We must reject these predatory policies and move to make public colleges and universities tuition free. https://t.co/Kdqtfay7b7
This week I will be bringing SJ Res 54 back for a vote to give the Senate another opportunity to end U.S. support for the Saudi-led war in Yemen which has become a humanitarian disaster. We must finally end our support for the carnage in Yemen. https://t.co/vrMslMskKn
The fight @unitehere and the Marriott hotel workers are waging in Hawaii and California and the courage they’re showing is exactly the fight that must be waged in every state in this country. One job should be enough for people to live with dignity. https://t.co/PCTlV3z0VO
RT @foe_us: .@BernieSanders: "We need millions of people all over this country to stand up and demand fundamental changes in our energy pol…
We have got to be bold and aggressive in standing up to the greed of the fossil fuel industry, who are more concerned about short-term profits than the planet we are leaving our kids and our grandchildren. 	https://t.co/RBlXs3NdZp
We must end U.S. support for the disastrous Saudi-led war in Yemen. This week the Senate will have the chance to show we are serious about ending U.S. support for this war which has turned into a humanitarian crisis by voting on SJ Res 54. https://t.co/rQSL4J1C1h
RT @CBSThisMorning: "He [ president Trump] is on the wrong side of history and the wrong side of decency..the time is long overdue for Cong…
RT @TheView: THIS MORNING ON @THEVIEW: Senator @BernieSanders is here LIVE and will give his take on the midterm wins! https://t.co/IzOtvQ9…
RT @FaceTheNation: "We now have a chance to get a majority of the United States Senate," @SenSanders tells @margbrennan @FaceTheNation of h…
We must end the absurdity of the United States having more people in jail than any other country on Earth. We have a racist criminal justice system that must be fundamentally transformed.
RT @FaceTheNation: .@SenSanders talks climate change: It is very clear that we have got to bring our people together to address this terrib…
RT @foe_us: .@BernieSanders: "We need millions of people all over this country to stand up and demand fundamental changes in our energy pol…
There are a record number of immigrant kids being held in federal custody—more than 14,000. We must end this horrific and inhumane practice by the Trump admin and stand in solidarity with immigrant families as we push for comprehensive immigration reform. https://t.co/W5fmyanyYo
A job should lift workers out of poverty, not keep them in it. One job should be enough for people to live with security and dignity.
Marriott is one of the most profitable hotel companies in the world, yet many of their workers struggle to make ends meet. I stand with @unitehere and the 5,000 hotel workers on the picket line in Hawaii and California fighting for a living wage. https://t.co/aOGAH7VzTj
In the midst of the worst drug overdose crisis in US history, a pharmaceutical company Kaleo increased the price sixfold for their version of the life-saving drug, Naloxone. The greed of Big Pharma is killing Americans and it has got to stop. https://t.co/uz72uZEtZy
This is what a rigged economy is all about. Sears wants to pay its executives as much as $25 million in bonuses after they closed hundreds of stores &amp; let go of thousands of workers. It's time to build an economy that works for all of us, not just the 1%. https://t.co/ftI3wFoFZR
RT @RepJayapal: 70% of Americans support expanding access to quality, affordable health care through a Medicare for All program. 		It’s tim…
RT @usatodayopinion: From @SenSanders and @RoKhanna: When you're shopping today, remember Walmart's owners have billions, while workers can…
The American people understand that something is fundamentally unfair when workers earn totally inadequate wages, while the corporations that employ them make billions in profits. Walmart: do the right thing. Raise your minimum wage to $15 an hour. https://t.co/KotJ7GENv5
Somebody in America today can walk into a pharmacy and find out that the medicine they have been using for years can double, triple or quadruple overnight. The greed of the prescription drug industry is literally killing Americans and it has got to stop. https://t.co/YJvJulKEpo
RT @SSWorks: Bernie Sanders and Ro Khanna Have A Groundbreaking New Plan To Tackle Prescription Drug Rip-Offs: https://t.co/X3C3Yrvbwc http…
In the first week of the new Congress, I intend to re-introduce my legislation to raise the federal minimum wage from $7.25 an hour to $15 an hour. This legislation would give more than 40 million low-wage workers a raise, more than 25 percent of the U.S. workforce.
All across the country, workers are standing up and demanding fairer wages — and they are winning. Since 2012 when striking fast-food workers launched the @fightfor15 movement, cities and states across the country have passed legislation to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour.
Congress should represent the needs of all the American people, not just the 1%. With a sense of urgency, Democrats must have the courage to take on powerful special interests &amp; fight for a progressive agenda that addresses the needs of working families. https://t.co/SyIvPFE264
We must end the race to the bottom where taxpayers in one city or state are forced to bid against each other for desperately needed jobs. Amazon &amp; other large corporations do not need corporate welfare. Instead, they need to pay their fair share of taxes. https://t.co/d9fTh1n0LR
RT @HuffPostPol: Bernie Sanders and Ro Khanna want to attack the government-granted monopoly that allows Big Pharma to charge whatever it w…
RT @foe_us: .@BernieSanders: "We need millions of people all over this country to stand up and demand fundamental changes in our energy pol…
It will not be easy, but we will win this struggle for Medicare for All because, increasingly, the American people understand health care is a right and not a privilege - and that we must guarantee health care to every man, woman and child in this country. https://t.co/pgBFhkEYA9
There is an important truth that we must not forget: If millions of us stand together, educate and organize, there is nothing we cannot accomplish. Together, we can finally create an America that works for all of us, not just the few.
Today, the wealthiest 400 individuals in this country own more wealth than the bottom half of America — 150 million Americans.
In 1965, the CEO-to-worker compensation ratio was 20-to-1. In 1989, the CEO-to-worker compensation ratio was 58-to-1. Last year, the CEO-to-worker compensation ratio was 312-to-1.
Let me be clear: Class warfare goes on in the United States and has for decades. There has been an ongoing massive redistribution of wealth from the working class to the rich. The United States has the most unequal distribution of wealth and income of any major country on earth.
We must end the race to the bottom where taxpayers in one city or state are forced to bid against each other for desperately needed jobs. This is what the rigged economy is all about. The rich get richer, and everyone else becomes poorer. https://t.co/wjhvi8lXcz
If we transition to a renewable energy system, as we must, we can save money and create millions of jobs while leaving our kids a planet that is healthy and habitable. https://t.co/lTlPzS2LmW
RT @davidsirota: Also worth noting — this poll destroys the old garbage talking point about how Dems must “moderate” to attract independent…
We must end the international embarrassment of the United States being the only major country on earth, the only one, which does not guarantee workers paid medical and family leave, paid sick time and paid vacation time.
Congratulations @UNITEHERE26 on this hard fought victory. Hotel workers stood strong for more than six weeks in the wind, the rain, and the snow, up against the largest hotel company in the world and won. https://t.co/hgIigMyaZo
RT @MSNBC: "Let us be bold not timid. Let us show the American people that we are on their side," said Sen. Bernie Sanders during a sit dow…
The Walton family owns more wealth than the bottom 40% of Americans. Meanwhile, 55% of Walmart’s associates are food insecure. If Walmart can afford $20 billion for stock buybacks, it can afford to raise the pay of its workers to a living wage. https://t.co/UHby3NSqCH
Andrew Gillum ran a great progressive campaign. He has transformed politics in Florida and is a key player in the political revolution we are waging.
RT @AndrewGillum: It has been an incredible honor to compete in this historic gubernatorial cycle with @staceyabrams and @BenJealous! Onwar…
The time is long overdue for Walmart to pay its workers a living wage. If large, profitable corporations like Amazon and Disney can pay all of their workers a minimum wage of at least $15 an hour, so can Walmart. https://t.co/UQIlInQvMy
We must stand up and fight any and all attempts to undercut Roe v. Wade. We must protect and expand a woman's right to abortion and reproductive health care services.	https://t.co/A1YW8HQMpl
The struggle for our rights and human dignity is not the struggle of a day or a year – it is the struggle of a lifetime. And it is one that must be hard fought by every generation.
RT @staceyabrams: From the bottom of my heart: Thank you.		I am so proud of the movement we built. Together, we redefined the politics of p…
Thank you @staceyabrams for running a brilliant campaign and inspiring people all across this country. Without the outrageous voter suppression that took the place, it’s likely that Stacey would have been elected governor of Georgia. We must never stop fighting to #CountEveryVote
If Walmart can manage to find $20 billion for stock buybacks to expand the wealth of Walton family, it can certainly find the money to raise the pay of its workers to a living wage. https://t.co/1Syo1x8gAm
I'm re-introducing legislation in the first week of the new Congress to raise the federal minimum wage from $7.25 to $15 an hour. Doing so would directly benefit over 41 million workers, including over half of African-American workers and nearly 60% of Latino workers.
Medicare for all is an idea that's time has come. It’s now supported by 70% of American voters. In this pivotal moment in American history, we must move forward to guarantee health care as a right. https://t.co/ieX8FQmpdi
RT @CNN: Bernie Sanders introduced a bill that would prevent large companies from buying back stock unless they pay at least $15/hour, allo…
Since Trump's tax cuts were passed, the 1,000 largest public companies have actually reduced employment, on balance. They have announced the elimination of nearly 140,000 jobs — which is almost double the 73,000 jobs they say they have created. https://t.co/wwezohOV1G
We need Medicare for All so that no person in America ever goes bankrupt or loses their life again as a result of the greed of insurance or pharmaceutical companies. https://t.co/UJRnsIuzWz
The Walton family of Walmart makes more money in a few minutes than most of their workers make in a year. It’s time for Walmart to respect the constitutional rights of their workers to form a union and to give all their workers at least $15 an hour with 7 days of paid sick leave.
With over 1.4 million American workers, Walmart is by far our nation’s largest private-sector employer. It’s also one of our nation’s most aggressive anti-union companies with a long history of squelching any and all unionization efforts.
The Walton family of Walmart owns more wealth than bottom 40% of the American people, yet Walmart still doesn’t pay their workers a living wage. I’m introducing legislation today to make Walmart finally pay their workers a living wage. https://t.co/UOecqwfOoR
RT @JStein_WaPo: New bill from @SenSanders targets Walmart		The legislation would ban big companies (+500 employees) who don't pay workers…
RT @CNN: Sen. Bernie Sanders plans to unveil legislation on Thursday titled The Stop Walmart Act, aimed at raising wages at the retail gian…
Here is the simple truth. Donald Trump, like his friends in Russia, Saudi Arabia and North Korea, is an authoritarian leader who does not believe in democracy. The election officials in FL, GA and AZ must ignore the rantings of this president and COUNT EVERY VOTE.
As difficult as it may seem today, we must never lose hope that human beings, and their nations, can resolve international conflicts without bloodshed. We must never cease striving for a world of peace.
Today, Veterans Day, we honor the enormous sacrifice and bravery of the men and women who put their lives on the line to defend our country.
Never forget that change comes when the people demand it — in the voting booth, in the workplace, and on the streets in peaceful demonstrations. We must remind ourselves of what’s been achieved in the past, and resolve to do equally great things in the future.
The current federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour is a starvation wage and must be raised. The minimum wage must become a living wage. One job should be enough to live with dignity and security.
Getting big money out of politics is vital, but much more needs to be done to restore our democracy. Notably, we must ensure that all Americans are guaranteed an effective right to vote. Campaign finance reform must be accompanied by efforts to strengthen voting rights.
RT @AndrewGillum: I am replacing my earlier concession with an unapologetic and uncompromised call to count every vote.
Our vision for American democracy should be a nation in which all people, regardless of their income, can participate in the political process, and can run for office and be in office without begging for contributions from the wealthy and the powerful.
No surprise. Law enforcement says Rick Scott’s allegation of voter fraud was not based in reality. He, and Trump, are just trying to undermine the results if he loses. Count every vote. https://t.co/GMeTtEVBaK
The election in Georgia is not only about who becomes Governor. It is about protecting the basic tenets of American democracy. @staceyabrams has run a brilliant and inspiring campaign, overcoming enormous obstacles. Now, GA officials must count every vote. https://t.co/jgrfgIGV0z
American workers need a pay raise. My $15 an hour minimum wage legislation would increase wages for more than 41 million low-wage workers, almost 30 percent of the U.S. workforce. We need an economy that works for all, not just the few. Let's do it.
Young people are the future of our country. They must continue to stand up, fight for their values and help us create a government which works for all, not just the few. https://t.co/knOAdWdUB0
The election officials in Florida must not be intimidated by Trump's dishonest, outrageous and anti-democratic outbursts. They must stand up for the democratic process - and count every vote. https://t.co/k6Xmy8b0Ef
In 2010, Rick Scott won by 1.2%. In 2014, Rick Scott won by 1%. In both cases he wasn’t worried about voter fraud. Now, with a 0.18% lead, he is deeply concerned about "voter fraud." What hypocrisy! Count every vote in FL, GA and everywhere else. That's what democracy is about.
While Republicans across the country are trying to suppress the vote and undermine American democracy, election officials in FL, GA and AZ must do their jobs and count every vote. They must not allow the president, a bully &amp; a pathological liar, or anyone else to intimidate them.
The incoming freshman class in Congress is going to be the most progressive freshman class in the modern history of the United States. The political establishment notwithstanding, the future belongs to progressives. https://t.co/q9NdJzi02o
We are not going back to the days when women had to risk their lives to end an unwanted pregnancy. The decision about abortion must remain a decision for the woman and her doctor to make, not the government. https://t.co/E1EYm3kgEM
In this pivotal moment in American history, we must go forward to guarantee health care as a right and not a privilege. Medicare for all is an idea that's time has come. https://t.co/fsuNWMq2bR
We are not going back to the days when women did not have full access to birth control. When it comes to the rights of women, we cannot go backwards. We have got to go forward. https://t.co/j406jFRquX
We must stand up and fight for DREAMers and pass a DREAM Act that provides a path towards citizenship for these 800,000 young people. https://t.co/eReqjudamq
Let me be absolutely clear: Donald Trump, Brian Kemp and Ron DeSantis ran racist campaigns. https://t.co/QwZtCe4xh3
RT @thehill: Sanders warns Trump: Interfering with Mueller probe is an "impeachable offense" https://t.co/ITRdfuLoiA https://t.co/IoU7iaJ52H
Thank you to the people of Vermont for the strong victory they gave me last night. Representing our beautiful state in the U.S. Senate has been the honor of my life and, in my third term, I will continue to do all that I can to stand up for the rights of working people.
RT @tammybaldwin: If you’re in line... Stay. In. Line. https://t.co/SncaBplDzq
RT @staceyabrams: My name is Stacey Abrams, and I intend to be the next Governor of the great state of Georgia. 		If you are reading this a…
RT @jessforcongress: If you are in line waiting to vote, STAY IN LINE!		Don't be discouraged! As long as you make it to your poll by 8 PM,…
RT @AndrewGillum: Everything is at stake here. Stay in line, Florida. VOTE. https://t.co/4ejgDh5QIq
RT @AndrewGillum: 🚨🚨🚨STAY IN LINE IF YOU ARE WAITING TO VOTE 🚨🚨🚨
RT @BenJealous: Stay in line. 	We can win this. https://t.co/wEHaDQhrVK
If you're in line, stay in line! https://t.co/aKNxF0CT9q
Every vote matters. I won my first election to become Mayor of Burlington by just 10 votes. Your vote can and will have a profound impact on the future of our country and your life. https://t.co/c9UEDRaYBJ https://t.co/62rsxPQPHR
#ElectionDay should be a national holiday!
RT @repjohnlewis: VOTE! Do your part. Honor the sacrifice of those who marched and protested, those who were beaten and left bloody, those…
Jane and I just cast our ballots in Burlington. Together we can end one-party, extreme right-wing rule in Washington and elect progressives across the nation! #VoteWithBernie https://t.co/VSldYFGqNw
RT @TJforVermont: It’s #ElectionDay. Vermont, I’m asking for your vote. #VTpoli #gotv #vote https://t.co/HwgvldnLiq
I voted this morning with my wife @janeosanders in Burlington. Vermont, being your Senator has been the honor of a lifetime and I appreciate your support for a third term. https://t.co/0T4q4kEqRR
RT @Scholten4Iowa: #VoteTuesday like your future depends on it.	Because it does. https://t.co/M7sRsZjzKH
RT @BenJealous: Today, I cast my ballot for our kids. I cast it for fully funded schools, #MedicareForAll, and an economy that works for wo…
RT @christineforvt: What a surreal feeling to see your own name on a ballot. I see big things for the future of Vermont. We can do this. #t…
RT @AndrewGillum: If we get out and vote, if we get out and organize, if we vote like our lives depend on it, we can have a state that supp…
RT @jessforcongress: I never expected to see my name on a ballot, but this morning I walked into Martin Luther King Jr. Elementary School w…
Every vote matters. Please vote today and bring friends, family members and coworkers out to vote. Let's see historic voter turnout nationwide. https://t.co/c9UEDRaYBJ https://t.co/96JvH8YP4a
RT @VermontSOS: As of this morning 68,959 voters have cast early/absentee ballots. That's more than double the last midterm election in 201…
RT @staceyabrams: Today is Election Day.		It is time to finish what we started and claim our victory. 	Because when we all stand united and…
RT @DaveZuckermanVT: Thank you @BernieSanders for putting together this great video of you, me and @TJforVermont. It brings together so muc…
Today’s election is the most important midterm election in modern American history. Today, we can put an end to the reactionary Trump agenda and improve the lives of working people -- but that will only happen if you make your voice heard and vote. https://t.co/c9UEDRaYBJ
RT @jessforcongress: Polls are OPEN from 7AM - 8PM.		Find your polling at https://t.co/rVnlceXmY4.		After you cast your ballot, take a self…
Four years ago, we had the lowest voter turnout in modern American history. Tomorrow, let's have the highest voter turnout in modern American history. https://t.co/l7kI4pYddC
RT @AndrewGillum: My request is very simple: if we vote, we win. 1 day to #BringItHome. https://t.co/PZviQxT85k
RT @gretchenwhitmer: On November 6th, let's get it done Michigan. Make your plan to vote &gt;&gt; https://t.co/cSpUW1cfsU https://t.co/uxc0vlcIl8
Our job is to do everything we can on Tuesday to re-elect @DaveZuckermanVT for Lieutenant Governor and @TJforVermont for Attorney General of Vermont. Let's make Vermont the progressive leader of the United States of America. https://t.co/zkfnuGY01i
RT @Scholten4Iowa: Just ONE day left until Election Day! #IA04, be sure to cast your vote for the ONE candidate who will fight for a health…
RT @cpellegrino1221: I am a mother, a teacher, and a proud daughter of the political revolution. In 2017, we showed what a grassroots progr…
Democracy is not a spectator sport. We must all make plans to vote and to bring friends, family members and coworkers out to vote. Let's stand up for justice. Let's stand up for democracy. Let's win on Tuesday. https://t.co/c9UEDRaYBJ
RT @OurRevolution: You, the people, can make the difference in this election. When we vote, we win — come out and vote this Tuesday, Novemb…
RT @LizForIndiana: Over 100,000 doors knocked!!! I’m so grateful to all of the amazing folks who are working so hard to get out the vote!!!…
RT @shannondjackson: Bernie 2018 Campaign: 20 public rallies, 9 parades, and a mission to get as many involved in the democratic process as…
RT @SXMProgress: &gt; @MSignorile had a chance to speak with @SenSanders, who urged millennials to get out to vote tomorrow, because this elec…
RT @shaunking: So much is at stake in this election. We have to get all of our people to vote. Research shows people vote when friends ask…
71% of American voters believe that Roe v. Wade should not be overturned. We must elect candidates across the nation who will fight for reproductive freedom, justice and equity. https://t.co/hYKSYzVNEK
There is no doubt in my mind that Republicans will once again attempt to repeal the ACA when they return to Congress as well as try to slash Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security. We can't let them. Let’s get out and vote in record numbers from coast to coast.
Let us show Trump at the ballot box that we reject his constant efforts to divide us up by race, religion, national origin and sexual orientation. We must stand together and create an America that works for all of us.
The young people of this country have the power to transform their future and the future of their children and grandchildren. This is your moment—but only if you take advantage of it. Find your polling place here: https://t.co/D4pZ9NH9zb
One job should be enough to live with dignity and security. A job should lift workers out of poverty, not keep them in it.
Thank you, Manchester. It was great to be back in New Hampshire and to see so many wonderful people energized and ready for progressive change. https://t.co/98TLYR9U1i
BERNIE LIVE IN BURLINGTON: Watch Senator Sanders live at the University of Vermont https://t.co/Y92MAYSU5G
Trump is getting very, very nervous because he knows with your help on November 6th, @AndrewGillum is going to be elected the next governor of Florida. https://t.co/WqNgJfFL3E
Thank you to the students of the University of New Hampshire for having me this afternoon. It is my belief that the young people of this country are the most progressive generation in American history. If you vote in historic numbers on Tuesday, you will transform this nation. https://t.co/Vlo56HEpUr
It was great to be in Montpelier this morning with many incredible candidates running up and down the ballot in Vermont and to see so many people energized and ready to fight for justice for all. Let’s win on November 6th! https://t.co/F09t1BCqzz
RT @RightsNH: TODAY join @BernieSanders &amp; @NHYouthMovement &amp; RAD in Manchester at 2PM to #GetOutTheVote RSVP: https://t.co/JX3VWfdSEK #nhpo…
RT @TeenVogue: Bernie Sanders Believes the Youth Vote Could Fundamentally Change the United States https://t.co/7DSZ51uD1y https://t.co/QqE…
RT @christineforvt: Excited to announce our final video of the campaign - 'VOTE'		Thank you @JoeBiden @SenatorLeahy @BernieSanders @PeterWe…
I moved to Stannard when I first came to Vermont. I’ve visited 13 states in the last 3 weeks but coming home to Stannard was very special to me. https://t.co/muk1Ps4mzh
Thank you, Grand Isle and Enosburg. Our job is not to divide; our job is to bring people together. https://t.co/fFFI0XQ307
Our job is to do everything we can to get people involved in the political process. Instead of having the lowest voter turnout in modern history, let us do everything that we can to have the highest voter turnout. https://t.co/Oe2ssinHuw
RT @thenation: Bernie Sanders: ‘Trump Is Somebody Who Clearly Does Not Respect Democracy’ https://t.co/y8gaiQcphi
This is a pivotal moment in American history. Let us rise to the historic occasion and do everything we can these next 4 days to end one-party rule in Washington and elect progressives from coast to coast.
I urge you all to never underestimate the value of your voice, the power of your vote, and the potential that comes from people organizing around issues they care deeply about. What seems impossible can be made possible when millions of people stand united.
RT @OutFrontCNN: "This campaign comes down to...whether or not we want to end one-party rule in Washington, led...by a pathological liar."…
If people under 30 voted at the same percentage as the rest of the general population, they would transform America. You have extraordinary power to shape the history of this country. https://t.co/VMw8MA6kHR
RT @MSNBC: .@BernieSanders sits down with @chrislhayes.		Watch now on @MSNBC https://t.co/StiMWHo2BE
RT @TheYoungTurks: .@BernieSanders joins @TheYoungTurks live now: https://t.co/3HsDuhxhQg 		"I hope and I pray that we recover substantiall…
BERNIE LIVE: Watch Senator Sanders discuss the importance of having a historic voter turnout in this midterm election.	https://t.co/Ncnppx1Yps
RT @reddit: Missed @BernieSanders #RedditAMA? Catch up here:	https://t.co/E0KalQSsAH
Trump's top economic advisor said the federal minimum wage is a "terrible idea." Unbelievable. https://t.co/MwoR1PSFR6
I'm on @reddit_AMA right now answering your questions about the election on Tuesday - the most important election of our lives. AMA! https://t.co/OgkrFL2ofh https://t.co/nsn7YPfIkH
RT @reddit: "Hi Reddit. I'm @BernieSanders... most important election of our lives is coming up... I've been campaigning around the country…
I'll be on @reddit_AMA at 2 p.m. EST to talk about the upcoming election. Ask me anything! https://t.co/OgkrFL2ofh
We are one people who share a common humanity. And we say to Trump today, we are not going backwards into more discrimination, we are going forward to celebrate our diversity. https://t.co/N2oQHj13fm
To the young people of this country: Your generation has the power to change America. If there were ever a time in history for a generation to be bold and think big, the time is now. https://t.co/8ttsSwcsnl
Take a minute to watch the powerful speech @Oprah gave to rally people to vote for @staceyabrams in Georgia. https://t.co/rToK3h800l
RT @CarlosGSmith: WATCH: @BernieSanders stands alongside @CarlosGSmith to rally @UCF students to the polls! "We have a candidate in Mayor @…
It is not an exaggeration to say that lives are at stake in this election.		This is about whether tens of millions of Americans will keep their health care or whether Republicans will take it away.
Remember: This is how Republicans celebrated when they passed a bill to let thousands of Americans die without health care so that billionaires could get tax breaks. 		Make a plan to vote: https://t.co/c9UEDRszth https://t.co/itKt9r6tuj
A job must lift workers out of poverty, not keep them in it. The current federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour, which hasn't been raised since 2009, is a starvation wage and must be raised to a living wage.
RT @DaveZuckermanVT: I'm very proud to be invited to join @BernieSanders this weekend for a string of rallies across our state — culminatin…
We must all rise to the historic occasion and make sure we have record voter turnout so we can transform this nation. https://t.co/8GYV9Zyo11
RT @attn: .@BernieSanders has a blunt message for young people. https://t.co/FgSXff9GOF
AT&amp;T CEO Randall Stephenson promised to create "7,000 good jobs for the middle class" after Trump's tax cut was passed, yet the company has been laying off thousands of workers and shipping those jobs overseas to countries where workers can be paid less than $2 an hour. https://t.co/rG3ANWIsA3
In campaigns and in life in general you're going to have to do things that make you uncomfortable. But that's okay because this is how we grow. https://t.co/dTAFpb3LPT
RT @VTdems: Join us this weekend for Get Out The Vote rallies hosted by @BernieSanders and with @WelchForVT, @ChristineForVt, @DaveZuckerma…
If our country could bailout Wall Street in 2008, we can make public colleges and universities tuition free throughout the country.
Let us not forget that just 2 weeks ago, Mitch McConnell stated he wants to cut Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security if Republicans keep one-party rule in Washington. We must expand, not cut, these programs that are life and death for the working class in this country.
We just marched hundreds of Floridians to the polls. This is the most important midterm election in our history and we must elect @AndrewGillum on Tuesday! https://t.co/h4hBpnARy6
RT @ChrisKingFL: I think @BernieSanders is on to something! Ron DeSantis is scared of @AndrewGillum and me. We’re building a people-powered…
RT @AndrewGillum: Tune in LIVE as @BernieSanders &amp; @ChrisKingFL rally at @USouthFlorida — because #FLDeservesBetter than @RonDeSantisFL &amp; @…
New York City has the opportunity on Election Day to help us end billionaire domination of American politics. 		If Question #1 passes, it will be an example to the country of strong and sensible campaign finance reform. Let's do it!
RT @AnnaForFlorida: @BernieSanders just marched with hundreds of @UCF students to the polls and it was magic. Let’s #BringItHome y’all. #fl…
RT @AndrewGillum: While we campaign across the Panhandle, @BernieSanders &amp; @ChrisKingFL are holding it down at @UCF! We have just 6 days le…
Change comes when the people demand it. It's an honor to be marching voters to the polls today in Orlando for @AndrewGillum. Let's #BringItHome! https://t.co/nEWIRhW8QZ
I’m excited to announce I’ll be doing a Concert Rally to get out the vote at the University of Vermont this Sunday Nov 4th at 7PM with music by @KatWrightBand and @krisgruenmusic. This event is free but tickets are required for entry. https://t.co/05uUmUDUTI https://t.co/5rH24FsTKO
We must revitalize the trade union movement in this country and give immigrant workers the power to fight for the decent wages and benefits they deserve. This fight is one that must be carried forth in every state. https://t.co/CslHih6c7K
RT @BenJealous: Incredible night with @BernieSanders and so many of you in Montgomery County! 		Let’s keep building this movement, keeping…
In striving to be a moral and just society, it is critical that we have the courage to stand with the poor, the vulnerable and with working people, and be willing to stand up to the very powerful and those who seek to divide us up by race, gender, sexuality and nationality.
RT @tammybaldwin: There’s one week left. You heard @BernieSanders, we need you to:		Vote: https://t.co/dyURH0lNZ7		Donate: https://t.co/Hmg…
Steve King should not be a member of the United States Congress.		Iowa: this is your chance to have real leadership. Elect @Scholten4Iowa next week! https://t.co/EThAgqwQ9m
7 days.		When we stand together and demand that this country works for all of us rather than just the few, we can transform America. Let’s do everything we can these next 7 days to make that happen.
RT @OrlandoWeekly: Bernie Sanders is coming back to UCF this week to campaign for Andrew Gillum	https://t.co/hJxYpXzMnC
RT @Scholten4Iowa: We can do this! Contribute today to help defeat Steve King!	➡️➡️ https://t.co/mYPwshcs8O ⬅️⬅️ https://t.co/E3OPMDsvPc
We cannot allow ourselves to be divided by the anti-immigrant and xenophobic hysteria Donald Trump and many Republicans are ginning up. We must stand up to racism and bigotry and continue to stand with immigrants while pushing for comprehensive immigration reform.
The Koch brothers are spending millions of dollars trying to defeat @tammybaldwin in Wisconsin. But I've got some bad news for them: Tammy has the people. If you vote, she will win! https://t.co/2OpJuVFoyB
I’m excited to announce I’m returning to Florida tomorrow to campaign for @AndrewGillum in Orlando and Tampa. Let’s #BringItHome!		Orlando at 11:30AM: https://t.co/AWnRM4LZa1	Tampa at 3:30PM: https://t.co/3WJN5dmmbk
It should be repeated every hour of every day until Election Day that Donald Trump and the Republican leadership in Congress made throwing 32 million Americans off of health insurance their number one priority in Washington.
It’s an international embarrassment that the United States of America is the only -- only -- major country on earth that does not provide paid family and medical leave. Together, we must change that.
8 days.		The time is now to make sure we have historic voter turnout and to stand up, fight back, and to help build a country that works for all of us.
In 2014 just 16 percent of young people turned out to vote. We can and we must do better than that. https://t.co/xMA8nA2pBR
RT @VTAttorneyGen: Vermont will oppose any attempt to eliminate recognition of transgender people. I want transgender people to know I see…
It is absurd that in the richest country in the world, people with insurance still have to spend $20,000 out of their own pocket to defeat cancer. We need to pass Medicare for All. https://t.co/ntyupNnBVb
RT @BenJealous: 🚨 TOMORROW 🚨		Join me and @BernieSanders in Montgomery County to rally more than one million Democrats to the polls! 		Spac…
Steve King, is the leading anti-immigrant xenophobe in Washington. This is the year we defeat him and elect @Scholten4Iowa! https://t.co/oAshzJOQrs
Today, I would like to endorse some of the ballot measures in states across the country. 		California: Proposition 10	Florida: Amendment 4	Colorado: YES on Amendment 73 and Proposition 112 and NO on Amendment 74	Massachusetts: Question 1	Washington: Initiative 1631		Thread 👇 https://t.co/oi31t5asMP
"We have to end the legacy of oppression in this country and one way we can do that is with our vote." – @kendrick38 https://t.co/9Q7W4jhozc
I want to thank the many activists I met with who informed me about these important ballot measures nationwide which can help us create a fairer and just society. We must rise to the historic occasion and make sure we have record voter turnout so we can transform this nation.
With the recent report from the IPCC noting the drastic action required to prevent the worst impacts of climate change, Initiative 1631 is an important step forward for the people of Washington State.
Question 1 in Massachusetts would set a safe maximum on the number of patients nurses can treat, so that patients can receive the quality care they deserve. Nurses are behind this initiative, and I trust them when it comes to knowing what is best for their patients.
Florida has the opportunity to re-enfranchise 1.4 million formerly incarcerated people to fully participate as citizens. Passing Amendment 4 is an important step for both voting rights and criminal justice reform.
Given the crisis we face with climate change, in my view we should move toward a total ban on fracking. At a minimum, it seems obvious that we must protect communities from the environmental damage that fracking causes. In my view Colorado voters should support 112.
Colorado Amendment 74, pushed by the fossil fuel industry, seems to be one of the most dangerous propositions in the country. It could open the flood gates for oil, gas and other corporate interests to bankrupt the state. This extremely dangerous amendment must be defeated.
How is it possible that in Colorado a majority of school districts can only afford to keep their schools open 4 days a week? How are teachers paid wages so low that some have to work two jobs to survive? Our kids deserve a high-quality education. Amendment 73 is a no-brainer.
Currently California cities and towns aren't permitted to pass rent control measures to address the affordable housing crisis. That should change. Municipalities should have the freedom to deal with the decline in affordable housing and rising rents. Let's pass Prop 10.
I’m excited to announce I’ll be doing three rallies in Vermont next Saturday Nov 3rd with great progressives from up and down the ballot in Grand Isle, Enosburg and Stannard.		Grand Isle: https://t.co/vxcVCVGkcA	Enosburg: https://t.co/WNcr0XClXK	Stannard: https://t.co/YBb1Ts56Rg
It was great to be in Berkeley, California yesterday with @BLeeForCongress. When people stand together, and are prepared to fight back, there is nothing that can’t be accomplished. https://t.co/FKfHGH6BJi
We have got to end the bigotry and hatred that is sweeping this country. https://t.co/v7CYBjII2d
In too many of these cases the pattern is the same. The gun delivers the fatal shots and hate pulls the trigger. We have got to do everything we can to end these horrific acts of violence and address the growing epidemic of hatred, as well as gun safety in this country.
I am deeply saddened by the news of a shooting at a synagogue in Pittsburgh. Several years ago a hateful person walked into a church in Charleston. Today there was another act of violence – this time at a synagogue.
Thank you, Oceanside. Let's go forward and do everything we can to flip California's 49th congressional district and elect @MikeLevinCA to Congress. https://t.co/Gml7QVwpvy
If we can afford to give $1 trillion tax breaks to the richest and most powerful people in this country, you damn well better believe we can afford to make public colleges and universities tuition-free.
RT @UNITEHERE30: Thank you, Senator @BernieSanders , for your leadership, strength, and support of the @Marriott workers at the @WestinGasl…
RT @sdut: Bernie Sanders rallies striking hotel workers in downtown San Diego https://t.co/SnioNCw7LB https://t.co/fmKYl9cJtW
RT @TimesofSanDiego: Hundreds line up to see ⁦@BernieSanders⁩ at @MiraCosta College. He may speak outside of gym as well as inside. https:/…
We have the most important midterm election in the modern history of the United States coming up in 11 days. We must do everything we can between now and then to elect strong progressive leaders from coast to coast.
Paul Ryan is everything that is wrong with the Republican party. He wants to cut Social Security and Medicare to pay for massive tax cuts for billionaires.		That is exactly why we must defeat Ryan's hand-picked successor and elect @IronStache to Congress. https://t.co/uF6PSN9cOK
Four years ago, in 2014, we had the lowest voter turnout since World War II. In 2018, we have to turn that upside-down. If we continue to fight for each other — for economic, social, racial and environmental justice — we will win in November and beyond.
It was an honor to be on the picket line today with @UNITEHERE30 in San Diego. The fight you are waging and the courage you are showing here is exactly the fight that must be waged in every state in this country. One job should be enough for people to live with dignity. https://t.co/uu1HuFV0bA
What we are saying to Westin, Marriott and every corporation that makes billions of dollars in profits is: Pay your workers a living wage! #MarriottStrike https://t.co/Sr7nA81CBr
One thing I learned at my first union job at a young age is that one worker alone can beg for a wage, can beg for decent working conditions, can beg for some retirement benefits, but when people stand together they don’t have to beg. They can win what they rightfully deserve.
Standing with workers on picket lines is something I've done my entire life-- that's what I do and what I believe. Unions are my family. https://t.co/9x8EIe4Cpk
RT @RosenforNevada: .@BernieSanders: “I want Jacky Rosen elected to the Senate from Nevada so we can take back the Senate.		This is going t…
Marriott made $3.4 billion in profits last year and its CEO made over $13 million. Meanwhile, Marriott workers are struggling to make ends meet. I stand with Marriott workers fighting for safe working conditions and a living wage. https://t.co/jGjA86RsCf
RT @AndrewGillum: We’re on the move now. #BringItHome https://t.co/C8I1vhgPyU
If young people vote in this election, they will transform America. https://t.co/qTFcSadVCb
Billionaires made more money in 2017 than any other year in history.		To the billionaire class I say: you can't have it all. You can't get huge tax breaks while children in this country go hungry. Your greed must end.
RT @bustle: "No group of Americans has more at stake in this election than millennial women." @SenSanders 	https://t.co/nBN0N2Jhgh
RT @JamesThompsonKS: We registered approximately 40,000 NEW VOTERS across #Ks04.	We need $25,000 for huge get out the vote effort with paid…
We create change when we demand change. Women’s rights, civil rights, LGBTQ rights, and workers’ rights were all advanced through collective struggle. We must remind ourselves of what’s been achieved in the past, and resolve to do equally great things in the future.
Nearly 70% of young Americans agree we need to make public colleges and university tuition free. If other countries can take this action, so can the United States of America. https://t.co/3rzUag9ODw
Thank you Reno for turning out to support @RosenforNevada. Let's do everything we can these next 12 days in Nevada and nationwide to send her to the Senate! https://t.co/uRRRFF2GTO
I know this will shock all of you, but Donald Trump is lying when he says that Medicare for All will hurt seniors. It will do the exact opposite. https://t.co/4D9Sa8kib3
12 days.		Let's do everything we can these next 12 days to make sure we have historic voter turnout this election.	 	When millions of us stand together, there is nothing we cannot accomplish.
RT @nvdems: It’s not too late to join Senator @BernieSanders and the NV Dems in Reno and Las Vegas today! 		Reno → https://t.co/T2kP6nHJqO…
Donald Trump likes to talk about a "booming economy."  This is not a "booming economy" when you have people working 2 or 3 jobs, making $8 an hour just to put food on the table. https://t.co/g1lraQkPHi
We must end US support for the Saudi-led war in Yemen and send the message that human lives are worth more than weapons manufacturers' profits. https://t.co/mEjapfdJYr
Colorado, thank you. Let's go win this and make @PolisForCO the next Governor of Colorado! https://t.co/tnXySieVxS
It's time to end the obscenity of women only earning 80 cents on the dollar compared to men. They deserve the whole damn dollar.
Young people are the most progressive generation in American history. If you vote, you will transform this country. https://t.co/fSpy9HTnGr
RT @PolisForCO: LIVE in Fort Collins with @BernieSanders, @BennetForCO, and @JoeNeguse! We have the chance to move Colorado forward. Vote f…
Instead of giving $1.5 trillion in tax cuts to the wealthy and large corporations, we should be reducing student debt and making public colleges and universities tuition free. https://t.co/Qp4jyKF7FM
RT @PolisForCO: I won my first election by 90 votes.		.@BernieSanders won his first race by 10 votes.		Every. Vote. Counts. 		The future st…
Thank you, Boulder! Let’s transform Colorado and this nation and do everything we can to make @PolisForCO the next Governor of Colorado. https://t.co/g6jH24RHKQ
RT @coloradodems: In front of a huge crowd in Boulder, ⁦@BernieSanders⁩ rallies Colorado Democrats to fight for a progressive future in Col…
It’s an international embarrassment we’re the only major country on Earth to not guarantee health care to every man, woman and child. Our nation needs a Medicare-for-all, single-payer system.
RT @PolisForCO: We’re live with @BernieSanders for our GOTV rally in Boulder! Democracy isn’t won on the sidelines — we have to organize, m…
It costs more to put someone in prison than it does to send somebody to the University of Arizona. We need to get our priorities right and invest in education, not incarceration.
RT @coloradodems: Doors are open at CU! Lots of excitement to see @BernieSanders, @PolisForCO, and support Colorado Democrats! #copolitics…
Donald Trump tells us how great the economy is, but what he forgets to say is that there are millions of people like Jenny, who works as a science professor, but still had to get a second job at Target to pay the bills. https://t.co/oktrzpc1Zq
RT @IronStache: BREAKING: We just took a one-point lead over Paul Ryan's handpicked candidate @BryanSteilforWI. They’ve spent millions atta…
Another reminder that the president is a pathological liar. 		Just the other day the Trump administration launched another attack on protections for people with pre-existing conditions. https://t.co/WWMKCMuuFG https://t.co/RcqqHN3qxp
RT @PolisForCO: We're with @BernieSanders for the #COforAll bus tour today! 🚌 There are less than two weeks until Election Day, make sure y…
The only way I know to take on wealthy, powerful and greedy people is people organizing at the grassroots level, standing up and fighting back.		In two weeks, Arizona can help make American history. Give us a strong progressive governor. Elect @dg4az! https://t.co/224CGxHXvm
We have a racist criminal justice system that must be fundamentally transformed.
RT @dg4az: "The only antidote I know to billionaires buying our elections to represent their interests and not those of the people is to or…
Thank you Arizona! Now get out and vote for David Garcia for governor. https://t.co/KEttZzviDS
This woman would have died without Medicare to pay for her insulin. https://t.co/zxMQamhGIc
RT @Scholten4Iowa: How do you build a campaign:	...that is funded by regular people?	...that fights for Iowans, not special interests?	...t…
Donald Trump's broken promises to American workers are having a devastating impact on the middle class. https://t.co/vZyr1gLQoQ
https://t.co/c9UEDRaYBJ https://t.co/KbFWcn40H3
RT @Tony4WI: .@BernieSanders’ message yesterday was clear: now is the time to make your voice heard and vote early! https://t.co/b0JFtzWOgt
RT @dg4az: Here we go @UofA GOTV rally with @BernieSanders in the rain! Let's go Arizona! #Vote by November 6th! https://t.co/AuIBXmMypk
The struggle for our civil rights and human dignity is not the struggle of a day, or a year, or a generation. It is the struggle of a lifetime, and one that must be fought by every generation. Our time to stand up and fight is now.
RT @nowthisnews: Republican senators wants to cut Medicare and Social Security to pay for their tax cuts — just like @BernieSanders said th…
RT @SSWorks: The only way to protect and expand Social Security and Medicare is to listen to @BernieSanders and vote Republicans out of off…
This election is simple. 		If Republicans win they will cut Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid. 		If Democrats win we will protect those programs and do everything we can to expand them.
Guaranteeing health care to every American regardless of income is not a radical idea. https://t.co/7aRKeUcTSA
What happens when an idea catches fire, when people see the justice of that idea, it moves very, very quickly. https://t.co/gMZKnQhrNC
Health care is a right, not a privilege.
The people of Wisconsin have an opportunity to send a message to Donald Trump and the Republican Party. By electing @IronStache to Congress you can tell them: No we aren't going to cut Social Security and Medicare. We are going to expand them. https://t.co/c9UEDRaYBJ https://t.co/cCvUxuck1Y
Trump said he would take on the drug companies. He lied.	Trump said he would provide health insurance to everyone. He lied.	Trump said he wouldn't try to cut Social Security like Paul Ryan. He lied.		Enough of Trump's lies. Let's end Republican control of Congress on Nov. 6.
RT @WorkingFamilies: LIVE: @WIWFP welcomes @BernieSanders and @IronStache for GOTV rally in Kenosha, Wisconsin	https://t.co/j2qhwMgrWs #WI01
RT @Tony4WI: So grateful to have @BernieSanders with us in Milwaukee this morning to lay out what’s at stake in this election. From afforda…
RT @tammybaldwin: Health care is on the ballot.	Net neutrality is on the ballot.	Affordable higher education is on the ballot. 		That’s why…
Donald Trump is a tough guy when it comes to cutting health care for children. Not such a tough guy when it comes to dealing with dictators who murder journalists.
Real change won't come from me or any politician. It is going to come from you – the American people! https://t.co/cKShYPpjeM
Almost 2 out of 3 Americans did not vote in 2014. As a result, extreme-right wing Republicans swept the midterms.		This year is going to be different. If young people vote in 2018, you will transform America.
RT @tammybaldwin: LIVE NOW: @berniesanders and Tammy are hosting a rally at @UWM to encourage folks to get to the polls and vote early! Wis…
Ordinary people have the right to determine the future of this country. That is what this election is all about.		Thank you Iowa for turning out to support @Scholten4Iowa. Let's send him to Congress and send Steve King home! https://t.co/sG9XNYELpp
Trump is not a great fan of democracy. He has great affection for authoritarian leaders. https://t.co/AoWYoVCu6q
The President of the United States is a pathological liar. https://t.co/zUYNNfmkIr
1 in 5 Americans cannot afford the prescription drugs they are prescribed. What kind of insane health care system is that? 		We need members of Congress who will stand up to the greed of the drug industry and lower the cost of prescription drugs.
RT @Scholten4Iowa: A town hall on Social Security in Fort Dodge—with @Scholten4Iowa and @BernieSanders! https://t.co/ts60oGhVMu
Donald Trump and Republicans know that they have to lie about voter fraud—which is virtually nonexistent—to suppress and intimidate voters in order to win. Don't let them get away with it! https://t.co/8ttsSwcsnl https://t.co/3baXzVXanj
Listen to Senator @NinaTurner share her grandmother's advice for being successful: https://t.co/XKjI9ePKul
The cruelty and bigotry of this administration truly has no limit. We should be doing everything we can to protect our transgender brothers and sisters. https://t.co/pD4dZ6tULc
Congratulations to @Dodgers and @YasielPuig! Looks like those pointers worked. https://t.co/pF9NnOHcSl
When Donald Trump not only attacks the media as “fake news,” but glorifies physical attacks on journalists, what he is doing is trying to move our country in an authoritarian direction.
We need people in Congress who are going to stand up to the pathological liar who is the President of the United States.
RT @Scholten4Iowa: Tonight! @Scholten4Iowa, @BernieSanders, and more! Morningside’s Eppley Auditorium in Sioux City at 5:30—doors open at 4…
RT @AndrewGillum: .@RonDeSantisFL is relying on @realDonaldTrump to help him win this race, but he doesn’t have what I have -- and that’s p…
As governor @gretchenwhitmer will stand with Michigan’s working families who have been left behind by the political elite. Thank you to everyone who came to support her in Ann Arbor yesterday. Let's elect Gretchen in November: https://t.co/urRkJZM7bj https://t.co/zaWHRSd0rU
Democracy is not a spectator sport. We need you in the political process to transform this country. https://t.co/c9UEDRaYBJ
RT @OurRevolution: .@BernieSanders is taking the stage in South Carolina. 		Watch now: https://t.co/D1M4Dri5Es
Trump and his Republican friends want to throw millions of Americans off health care. This election is our chance to say: we won't stand for that. We want to make health care a right. #MedicareForAll https://t.co/CNdTDfiGuQ
Medicare saved @LizforIndiana's dad's life. Now she's running for Congress so we can make health care a right to ALL, not just the wealthy. https://t.co/5iUIRxc3x7
Thank you to everyone who came out in Bloomington, IN yesterday to rally with me and @LizForIndiana and march to the polls.		In 2014 voter turnout was just 28% in Indiana, the lowest in the country. This year is going to be different. https://t.co/WqlkjXRONR
RT @BLeeForCongress: On Saturday, October 27 at 11 a.m. PT, Senator @BernieSanders and I will be in Berkeley helping to #GOTV. RSVP now to…
We just walked hundreds of people through the streets of Indiana to go vote. With your help we can make sure we have the highest turnout for a midterm election in history. https://t.co/ifj0xOGqvY
RT @AriRabinHavt: Michigan came out tonight for Bernie and @gretchenwhitmer this room plus 2 packed overflows https://t.co/4n9NENHUH0
RT @gretchenwhitmer: We're LIVE with @BernieSanders at @UMich!		Tune in: https://t.co/FFnmo8MYiW
RT @gretchenwhitmer: SOON: @BernieSanders will take the stage at @UMich. Tune in with us: https://t.co/FFnmo8MYiW https://t.co/Si3z5m3hmh
Donald Trump thinks he's such a tough guy when he is tearing little kids at the border from their parents' arms, but he ain't such a tough guy when he has to deal with Putin and his billionaire friends in Saudi Arabia who just murdered a journalist.
There's only one way to stop Republicans from cutting Social Security and Medicare: Vote them out on November 6th! https://t.co/c9UEDRaYBJ https://t.co/rJAZHmxi2g
Election Day should be a national holiday. Period.
If you hear people moaning and groaning about what's going on in the country, you need to tell them they damn well better come out and vote. https://t.co/HnJYz5ItiR
RT @LizForIndiana: More great photos from today! Thank you, Bloomington! We have two weeks; come out and help us #FlipIN09!!! Thank you @Be…
RT @CBSEveningNews: Pres. Trump "is not such a tough guy when he has to deal with his billionaire friends in Saudi Arabia who just tortured…
RT @SSWorks: We live in a nation with a grotesque level of income and wealth inequality. The last thing we need to do is give tax breaks to…
RT @SSWorks: When you hear Republicans talk about "entitlement reform" they mean drastic cuts to Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid -…
Trump and Republicans increased the deficit by $1.5 trillion as a result of giving massive tax cuts to the wealthy and large corporations. 		Now all of a sudden they are worried about the deficit. 		You know how they want to deal with it? By cutting Social Security and Medicare.
RT @SSWorks: LIVE: @BernieSanders, @JonBowzerBauman, @LizForIndiana rally with seniors in Bloomington is 89 https://t.co/7eevpQx2Ul
I want to see the largest voter turnout in our history this year. If we do that, I'm absolutely convinced that we're going to end one-party rule in Washington. https://t.co/r6P11xK7Hs
It costs more to put someone in federal prison than it does to send somebody to the University of Indiana Bloomington.		We must invest in jobs and education, not jails and incarceration. It's time to change our priorities and elect @LizForIndiana.
Trump and Republicans don't want you to vote this November. I have some bad news for them: we're heading to the polls and we're voting them out. #VoteWithBernie https://t.co/Vi0uCHwrKq
This is a great nation, and we are proud of this nation. And that's why we're going to elect @LizForIndiana to Congress in November! #VoteWithBernie https://t.co/Fg0pTgQ48I
In 2014 we had the lowest voter turnout since WWII. This year, things are going to change. We need to have the highest voter turnout in history. #VoteWithBernie
RT @AriRabinHavt: Monster crowd in Bloomington, IN for Bernie and @LizForIndiana https://t.co/AW9Xr7v0bI
RT @actdottv: BERNIE ON THE STUMP: Sen. Bernie Sanders is mobilizing voters in Bloomington, Indiana with congressional candidate Liz Watson…
RT @ninaturner: Warming it up in Indiana with @BernieSanders @LizForIndiana GOTV Rally with thousands of our closest friends @OurRevolution…
I'm excited to be with @LizForIndiana for a rally in Bloomington this morning. Let's work together to make health care a right for everyone in Indiana and the rest of the nation.	https://t.co/YBMywVuKsL
RT @LizForIndiana: It’s a beautiful, crisp Indiana morning. Perfect day for a Liz/Bernie rally, don’t you think? https://t.co/LnOWF3AYGJ
RT @LizForIndiana: Friday at 11 am in Dunn Meadow in BLOOMINGTON! https://t.co/eQDp9o1n6N
Donald Trump and Mitch McConnell want to cut Medicare and Social Security.		We want to expand them.
I'm hitting the road again because this is the most important midterm election in our lifetimes. Let's work together to end one-party rule in Washington. https://t.co/NuMWlm38CS
You're literally working alongside 20 Republican attorneys general to end protections for people with preexisting conditions.		No one can estimate how many thousands of those people will die if you and your Republican friends are successful. https://t.co/rxhrQhEn3m
After 2 years of cancer treatment  42% of patients over 50 in America depleted all of their assets.		This is the richest country in the history of the world. People should not have to choose between bankruptcy and their health. #MedicareForAll
RT @gretchenwhitmer: Join us on Friday for a rally with @BernieSanders!		For more details visit https://t.co/oujKJJuR4h https://t.co/XO53ci…
In 1981, I won my first election to become Mayor of Burlington by 10 votes. Please remember that every vote matters and you can make a real difference in shaping our nation’s future. https://t.co/vJGkSdtHvK
Climate change is the single greatest threat facing our planet. On Nov 6th, we must show up at the polls from coast to coast and stand with candidates who are willing and ready to accelerate our transition to clean energy, and finally put people before the profits of polluters.
It is important for Amazon to recognize that workers' rights do not stop at the minimum wage. Raising the pay of their lowest-paid workers, while important, does not give them a free pass to engage in potentially illegal anti-union behavior. https://t.co/Jt9SDdgo28
America now has more wealth and income inequality than any major developed country on earth, and the gap between the very rich and everyone else is wider than at any time since the 1920s. That is unacceptable and that has got to change. https://t.co/amTxzijDVU
RT @OurRevolution: South Carolina: Join @SenSanders and @ninaturner this Saturday for a #MedicareForAll Rally! 		RSVP ➡️https://t.co/guuQUr…
I’m excited to announce I’ll be campaigning in support of @Scholten4Iowa this Saturday and Sunday in Iowa.		Sioux City: https://t.co/fH4zielps9	Fort Dodge: https://t.co/OdMsfExjdO	Iowa State: https://t.co/pn4z84MykY
I’m glad to hear a record number of Vermonters are registered to vote for the upcoming election. We must make it easier for people to participate in the political process everywhere with policies like automatic voter registration and same-day registration. https://t.co/vpOy5WCVcd
We can create an America that works for all of us, not just the few if we stand together and fight for progressive change all across the country. Let’s have the highest turnout for a midterm election in American history on November 6th. https://t.co/6G05UZzow2
In the midterm election of 2014, the United States had the lowest voter turnout since World War II. If we increase voter turnout this midterm election from just 36% to 50%, we can change the direction of this country and elect progressives everywhere.
RT @IronStache: Join @BernieSanders, the @WIwfp, and me for a rally in Kenosha. You won't want to miss this.		RSVP now: https://t.co/03eElE…
Arkansas kicked thousands of low-income people off of Medicaid for the second month in a row due to newly imposed work requirements. These policies do nothing but punish the poor for being poor and this type of austerity can have deadly impacts. https://t.co/WyoVGLjCdC
Our job is to make it easier for people to vote, not harder – regardless of who they plan on voting for. We believe our ideas can win. Clearly Republicans don’t. https://t.co/FDofxoN0Zz
Mitch McConnell and the Republicans have always been dead set on wanting to slash Medicare and Social Security and will use deficits created by their own tax cuts for billionaires to try to do so. We must expand, not cut, our social safety net. https://t.co/LfritWOqXy
If we are going to successfully combat climate change, we have no choice but to take on the greed of the fossil fuel industry which is driving this crisis—as well as the politicians who have been bought off and refuse to do anything to address it.
We need an economy that works for the many, not just the few and that allows workers to retire with dignity and security. 	https://t.co/GCxAKTQPVB
RT @BenJealous: This campaign started at Baltimore Blossoms, the flower shop my cousin started after the Baltimore Uprisings because she wa…
Many other nations provide universal health care to all of their people—and they do so while saving money by keeping people healthier. Those who say this goal is unachievable are selling the American people short. https://t.co/6CLm74NTBK
If you think your vote doesn’t matter, please remember that I won my first election to become Mayor of Burlington by just 10 votes. 10 votes. Your vote matters and we need you involved in the political process.
With 21 days until midterms, now is the time for Vermonters and people across the nation to do everything we can to fight for what we believe in. Together, we can revitalize our democracy and make sure Vermont is a leader in our country’s voter turnout. https://t.co/qKned86HJc
RT @foe_us: In their Senate races, Friends of the Earth Action is proud to endorse progressive candidates @RingelsteinME @elizabethforma @S…
RT @LizForIndiana: 👀 https://t.co/khJgZDPPF4
It was great seeing so many people energized and ready to fight for progressive change yesterday in Williston, VT with @DaveZuckermanVT @christineforvt @WelchForVT and State Rep. candidate Tanya Vyhovsky. Let’s win this November! https://t.co/sW9GgifkwG
RT @ThisWeekABC: Sen. Bernie Sanders says Democrats' chances in the midterm elections hinge on their ability to motivate people to get to t…
Over the past 4 years, airline profits have more than tripled to $38 billion. I stand in solidarity with all of the airline workers who are fighting for a livable wage, good benefits, safe working conditions and a union. https://t.co/O7e6q1VWRw
RT @IronStache: .@BernieSanders is coming back to Wisconsin. Join Bernie, @TammyBaldwin, @Tony4WI, @TheOtherMandela, and me for an Early Vo…
We are now just 23 days away from arguably the most important election in American history. It’s critical that we all do what we can these next 3 weeks to stand up and fight for progressive values and to make sure we have historic voter turnout across the nation.
Election Day must become a national holiday. In America we should be celebrating our democracy and doing everything possible to make it easier for people to participate in the political process. https://t.co/hwlzoR2rQU
RT @gretchenwhitmer: I'm proud to have the support of @BernieSanders!		Join us Friday, October 19th for a rally with Senator Sanders at @UM…
RT @OurRevolutionSC: Join @SenSanders  @ninaturner @JustinBamberg and @OurRevolutionSC Co-Chair Lucero Mesa for the Medicare for All Rally…
RT @DaveZuckermanVT: Incredible turnout at our pig and veggie bbq on the Isham farm in Williston. @BernieSanders @PeterWelch @christineforv…
RT @christineforvt: Great to join @DaveZuckermanVT, @PeterWelch and @BernieSanders in Williston at Isham Family Farms - What an amazing cro…
RT @AP_Politics: Vermont independent Sen. Bernie Sanders is embarking on a 9-state tour for Democratic candidates competing in the November…
We are in a pivotal moment in American history, and the election on November 6th will determine, to a very significant degree, the future direction of our country. If we can increase voter turnout from 36% to 50%, we can end one-party rule in Washington. https://t.co/cGUTNP51Oo
RT @nowthisnews: .@BernieSanders is celebrating Amazon raising its minimum wage to $15 — but he's still fighting for the rest of the countr…
It has never been more important for millions of working people and progressives all across this country to come together, to take a stand against authoritarianism and oligarchy. We must stand up and fight for a government that represents all of us.
RT @TPM: Sanders barnstorming country ahead of midterm elections https://t.co/3UaIQYl6x2 https://t.co/7m0toKyZk5
We must repeal Citizens United and take the political process back from the billionaire class. We must restore the Voting Rights Act and protect voters from attempts to disenfranchise them before the elections take place.
RT @tammybaldwin: Have you heard? @BernieSanders is coming back to Wisconsin for an early vote rally!		RSVP here: https://t.co/9eQeIYqIv2 h…
We are facing a two-pronged attack on our democracy — unlimited money poured into the political process, paired with the systematic suppression of the vote. Our time to fight and defend our voting rights and democracy is now.
Republican officials are actively working to suppress the vote—to make it harder for poor people, people of color and young people to cast their ballots. We need universal voter registration in this country and to defeat these voter suppression tactics. https://t.co/FDofxoN0Zz
RT @usatodayDC: Bernie Sanders will campaign in nine battleground states to help Democratic candidates running for office at all levels of…
In Georgia, in order to try to win the election there, cowardly Republicans are blatantly suppressing the vote and denying many African Americans the right to participate in the election. Every American must vigorously protest this outrageous action. https://t.co/UyTYfJJteR
The latest poll from Reuters shows that 70 percent of Americans now support Medicare for All. In this pivotal moment in American history, we must go forward to guarantee health care as a right and not a privilege. https://t.co/HcEzvSUCsn
RT @mic: For months, few people took @BernieSanders' fight against Amazon seriously, including establishment Democrats. So now, does he fee…
RT @thehill: Bernie Sanders blasts Trump's op-ed as "full of lies" https://t.co/FvQA4vnt9b https://t.co/J3EmVJ9g5X
We have got to end the two-tier justice system — one for the poor and working class and one for Wall Street and the wealthy — that has existed for far too long in this country.
In order to effectively combat the rise of the international authoritarian axis, we need an international progressive movement that mobilizes behind a vision of shared prosperity, security and dignity for all people. https://t.co/uh6UzQyz4r
Trump claims that Medicare for All is not affordable. That is nonsense. What we cannot afford is to continue spending almost twice as much per capita on health care as any other country on Earth. https://t.co/kggLfCePX7
Your right to vote is yours — no person or board of elections can take it away from you. We must stand up to this voter suppression in Georgia and double our efforts to make sure @staceyabrams wins this November. https://t.co/MHkUDNu7iM
RT @USATODAY: Bernie Sanders replied to President Trump's op-ed. https://t.co/CcrMGNgIhK
RT @NationalNurses: It’s time to win #MedicareForAll!		Nurses are joining @SenSanders and @BenJealous for a virtual town hall to discuss ho…
RT @BenJealous: Join me @BernieSanders tonight for a FaceBook Live Townhall on #MedicareforAll! 8:15PM EST!! https://t.co/D9yK7yi6mK
There is a reason why those who protect the profits of the insurance and drug companies and defend the status quo are getting nervous. 70% of Americans now support Medicare for All. Together, we’re going to guarantee health care to everyone as a right in this country.
The time is now for the United States to join every other major country on Earth and guarantee health care to every American as a right not a privilege, and Donald Trump, the insurance companies, and the drug companies will not stop us. https://t.co/hozKu2Uieo
RT @jacobinmag: Right-wing populism is advancing across the world. In a speech yesterday, Bernie Sanders laid out a plan to fight back. htt…
In order to effectively combat the forces of global oligarchy and authoritarianism, we need an international movement that mobilizes behind a vision of shared prosperity, security and dignity for all people. https://t.co/mb2piaafm9
When we talk about wealth inequality let us not forget that the wealth gap between white Americans and African Americans has more than tripled over the past 50 years. Today, the median white family has almost 10 times as much wealth as the median black family.
Instead of providing massive tax breaks to the 1% and wealthy corporations, we should be investing in our water systems, roads, bridges, rail, airports, levees and dams. We have got to get our priorities right as a country. https://t.co/ZZiMlNLzbv
Climate change is a planetary crisis. Our task is clear. We must take on the fossil fuel industry that's largely responsible for global emissions and accelerate our transition toward energy efficiency and sustainable energy sources. https://t.co/661WsIZJYt
RT @SSWorks: For current Medicare beneficiaries, #MedicareForAll would mean better coverage - including dental, hearing, and vision care -…
Donald Trump, who has a very difficult time telling the truth about anything, is lying about Medicare for All. If every major country on earth can do it, please do not tell me the United States cannot. Medicare for all is an idea that's time has come. https://t.co/hxkd1o4fiG
It’s more critical than ever that we come together to combat cynicism, fear, political alienation and despair. We must reinvigorate democracy and transform our country so it works for the many, not just the few.
We must remember that the struggle for our rights is not a one-time event. It must be fought by every generation.
We must rally the entire planet to stand up to the fossil fuel industry which continues to make huge profits while their carbon emissions destroy the planet for our children and grandchildren. https://t.co/fjmMuA7P1l
It is not acceptable that the top 1% of the world’s population owns half the planet’s wealth, while the bottom 70% of the working age population accounts for just 2.7% of global wealth.
Amendment 4 is on the ballot in Florida and represents a potential civil rights triumph: It could enfranchise more people at once than any single initiative since women’s suffrage. It would restore the voting rights of nearly 1.5 million Floridians. https://t.co/Ri5b5IZEH2
RT @WPJohnWagner: Bernie Sanders plans nine-day blitz for Democratic candidates on midterm ballot https://t.co/lk5z0DbvyK
Congratulations to @RevDrBarber on this very great honor. Rev. Barber is one of the greatest moral forces and political organizers in the country today. His model of grassroots activism in North Carolina should become a model for the entire country. https://t.co/gtg0HJK7jM
Climate change is the single greatest threat facing our planet. It’s time for a political revolution that takes on the fossil fuel billionaires, accelerates our transition to clean energy, and finally puts people before the profits of polluters. https://t.co/2waZVapRLi
Today is the last day to register to vote in 13 states: Arizona, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, New Mexico, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, and Texas. Please register to vote and help transform this nation! https://t.co/S98Bqgj7qJ
RT @cspan: Discussion with @BernieSanders on Politics, @saishopkins hosts – LIVE on C-SPAN https://t.co/bs2LpQdFAK https://t.co/1kk0R8PoxM
Vermonters all over the state are getting involved this election. Together, we can make sure Vermont is a leader in our country’s voter turnout and revitalizing democracy. https://t.co/Ilu2cTLXH7
Thank you to the hundreds of people who showed up tonight in Rutland ready and eager to fight for progressive change with the many incredible candidates from up and down the ballot in Vermont. Let's win this November! https://t.co/6Z1nquXqij
RT @christineforvt: Great rallies in Woodstock and Randolph today! Thank you @BernieSanders @WelchForVT @VTAttorneyGen @DaveZuckermanVT and…
RT @WelchForVT: Finishing off the day in Rutland!Thank you @BernieSanders for bringing us all together today, especially in light of the ne…
Our future depends on the courageous actions of those willing to challenge the status quo and bend the arc of history toward justice.
Thank you to @christineforvt @VTAttorneyGen @DaveZuckermanVT @PeterWelch and Representative Mike McCarthy for a great afternoon in Randolph, Vermont. Together, we can lead the fight in Vermont in the fight for social, racial, environmental and economic justice. https://t.co/GevuvaJR82
It was great to support @christineforvt @DaveZuckermanVT @PeterWelch @VTAttorneyGen and other amazing progressive candidates this morning in Woodstock, Vermont. Let's make sure we do everything we can for the next month to help them win. https://t.co/CU0wg5qopr
We need a massive grassroots effort from coast to coast to revitalize democracy. We need to mobilize people in an unprecedented way at the grassroots level now more than ever.
It was a great event tonight in St. Albans, Vermont. I wish I could have joined you but I'm doing everything I can in DC to defeat the Kavanaugh nomination. Thank you to the many amazing candidates who spoke - @christineforvt @VTAttorneyGen @PeterWelch @DaveZuckermanVT and more. https://t.co/QQAcujcDRs
RT @ariannaijones: just some of my favorite artwork from the Williston Central School Candidate Forum this morning #vtpoli https://t.co/dBJ…
I want to thank my wife @janeosanders for standing in for me this morning at the Williston Central School Candidate Forum in Vermont while I was in the Senate. I look forward to meeting the students who asked so many great questions.
In these final few days before a Senate vote, it is incumbent upon all of us to stand up for the values we believe in and mobilize ourselves and our nation to defeat Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination.
RT @NYTLive: "Getting young people involved in the political process will determine how successful we are and will in fact determine the fu…
There is a power in a union. One worker alone can beg for a wage, can beg for decent working conditions, can beg for some retirement benefits, but when workers stand together, they don’t have to beg. They can win what they rightfully deserve.
RT @dg4az: It’s a tremendous privilege to have @BernieSanders endorsement! He &amp; I share a vision for all people - not just those at the top…
If McDonald's raised the minimum wage to $15 per hour and respected the constitutional rights of their workers to form a union it would set an example for the entire fast food industry to follow. https://t.co/9fHAIC4QE3
Solidarity with the hundreds of fast-food workers who put their bodies on the line yesterday in Michigan in the @fightfor15 rallies for higher minimum wages and the right to unionize. https://t.co/LxhIuYQmlv
RT @UMDSGA: “Who do you think is going to stand up for your interests if you don’t stand up for your interests? Make your voices clear. Get…
We must end, once and for all, the scheme that is nothing more than a free insurance policy for Wall Street: the policy of too big to fail. https://t.co/Lpx1oGF87o
RT @thehill: After Disney, Amazon wage hikes, Bernie Sanders targets McDonald's https://t.co/erQkkJGdGK https://t.co/ydGZWgweqT
RT @HerCampus: @alexburnsNYT asks is there an obvious next place to look when talking fair/living wages? 	@SenSanders: 👀👀👀 are on Walmart &amp;…
Tonight I'm joining @nytimes and @alexburnsNYT to talk to students at the University of Maryland about the midterms and what's at stake. Watch live at 8PM EST here: https://t.co/bJgBvNZe5D #nytgetwiththetimes https://t.co/ig6dy6UYhz
RT @vicenews: .@BernieSanders: “It's time to break up the big banks. Today, I'm introducing legislation to do just that.” https://t.co/ZJQo…
RT @HerCampus: 🚨🚨🚨 today, watch Bernie Sanders at the @nytimes #nytgetwiththetimes event LIVE. here's how: https://t.co/D4Dq5ANxjg https://…
This is what happens when we stand up and fight for justice together. The time is now for Walmart, McDonald's and the fast food, airline, and the retail industry in general to start paying their workers a living wage — at least $15 per hour. https://t.co/SFmJR23YPD
RT @nowthisnews: .@BernieSanders took on Amazon over minimum wage — and won https://t.co/R5iAMU48gg
I’m excited to announce I’ll be doing a rally this Friday in St. Albans, Vermont with @PeterWelch, @VTAttorneyGen, @DaveZuckermanVT, Representative Cindy Weed, and local candidates for Vermont House Kate Larose and Mike McCarthy! https://t.co/l02JZeajVV
Congratulations to the 350,000 Amazon workers who will now receive $15 an hour. Thank you to the @fightfor15 movement which is sweeping the country. Today is not only enormously important for the workers, it could well be a shot heard around the world. https://t.co/dtRHTBoSH9
The right-wing in this country is waging a war against women and by working together, we will ensure that is a war they are going to lose.
When workers organize and stand together, they win. Teaching is one of the most valuable and indispensable professions and we need to pay educators enough to live comfortably without taking on other work, period. https://t.co/0FrnKhV9B1
We need to confront how women are treated in this country starting from the bottom on up. 66% of hotel workers and 40% of fast-food workers say they have experienced sexual harassment. https://t.co/WdBUi79fAh
All across the nation, there are progressive ballot initiatives at the state level that can help us create a fairer and just society. Voters in Nebraska, Montana, Utah and Idaho can expand health coverage this November to 450,000 low-income residents. https://t.co/qsQhlHix6g
It is imperative that the FBI not only look into the accusations of sexual assault. It should also examine the veracity of Kavanaugh's testimony before Congress and the many times he has been untruthful. https://t.co/2zdz76VWvk
As if their $2 trillion giveaway for the wealthy and powerful last year weren’t enough, House Republicans passed $3.8 trillion more in tax cuts last week. What a disgrace. https://t.co/CmxKimMjjF
We must not throw our hands up in the air and accept things as the way they are. We must act boldly to move our energy system away from fossil fuels, toward energy efficiency and sustainable energy sources. https://t.co/B8kBAYTmUx
Last week Dr. Ford showed tremendous courage as did many survivors across the nation as we grapple with issues that are long overdue in addressing. We must continue to confront these issues and that begins with defeating Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination.
RT @ACampaNajjar: Hunter claims I’m funded by terrorists,  every grassroots donor of mine should be offended. It’s untrue/racist.		Prove Hu…
RT @NYDailyNews: Bernie Sanders wants FBI to probe whether Brett Kavanaugh lied under oath https://t.co/yBvCWxpkK5 https://t.co/tZXtJuw16y
RT @thehill: Bernie Sanders calls for FBI to investigate if Kavanaugh committed perjury during hearing https://t.co/A9aCTG2TyQ https://t.co…
RT @thehill: Sanders: Kavanaugh accusers "have risked their lives to come forward" https://t.co/5EEsuRNhNL https://t.co/8a8NAGf8FU
RT @thenation: It’s a hell of a thing to feel—to grow the food, serve the drinks, hammer the houses, and assemble the airplanes for people…
Amendment 4 represents a potential civil rights triumph: It could enfranchise more people at once than any single initiative since women’s suffrage. It's on the ballot this November and would restore the voting rights of nearly 1.5 million Floridians. https://t.co/Cx0k3iLrVy
Medicaid expansion is on the ballot this November in Montana, Nebraska, Idaho and Utah. Let’s get out the vote nationwide and expand healthcare access to hundreds of thousands of people. https://t.co/JhVzwExFab
RT @nytimes: What does a democratic socialist believe in? Many voters don't know. Take this quiz to find out whether your beliefs align wit…
President Trump vowed to force drug companies to significantly lower the price they charge for prescription drugs. But in the first seven months of 2018, for every one drug that had its price reduced, 96 other drugs had price hikes. https://t.co/A96isY6Ru5
It is an international disgrace that the U.S., the wealthiest country in the world, does not guarantee health care to all and relies on a wasteful, immoral, for-profit system. That has got to change. https://t.co/pADcgSHQ2h
We need to expand, not cut, Social Security so that everyone can retire with dignity. Further, we have to extend the solvency of Social Security far beyond its current 16 years. https://t.co/S70UR9gIPX
Early voting has started in Vermont and this November, we can create a state that works for all of us by voting for many great progressives up and down the ballot. Register to vote online today, Vermont! #NationalVoterRegistrationDay https://t.co/bfiWmY7JiC
An estimated 10,000 Maine children are no longer living in poverty because of an increase in the state’s minimum wage. We must continue to raise minimum wages from starvation wages to living wages that lift families out of poverty. https://t.co/myCXILGfGw
AT&amp;T’s CEO, Randall Stephenson, promised to create 7,000 jobs and said AT&amp;T would invest $1bn into the United States in anticipation of Trump’s tax cuts. Instead, AT&amp;T has laid off 7,000 workers since that announcement was issued. https://t.co/ZaaGruZwGL
There is no reason that the wealthiest person in the world cannot pay workers $15 an hour plus decent benefits. 25-cent raises are not nearly enough. https://t.co/YVDVCChg5B
We have got to take a hard look at the defense budget. We have to ask ourselves why we are spending more money today than the next ten countries combined on the military. We simply cannot provide a blank check to the military industrial complex. https://t.co/xVIIxjmHdz
Please take some time today to read @AdyBarkan’s story and the work he’s done to protect health care in this country. Health care should be a right, not a privilege. https://t.co/NOJbDrfzqg
Today is #NationalVoterRegistrationDay! In this pivotal moment in American history, it’s crucial that we organize and stand up and fight for a progressive future. Together, we can shape history this November and it starts with registering to vote today: https://t.co/abvIM2TVsy
RT @christineforvt: Thank you @BernieSanders - I am honored to receive your support! 		"Christine is committed to making Vermont a place wh…
I am proud to endorse @christineforvt for Governor of Vermont. Christine is committed to making Vermont a place where all can thrive and has a progressive vision of America that recognizes the need for livable wages, Medicare for All, and tuition free public college. https://t.co/35qNZVY6Rc
RT @usatodayopinion: From @BernieSanders: Donald Trump is shredding the safety net while claiming Democrats want to destroy Social Security…
Thank you, St. Johnsbury. It was great to be in Vermont today supporting progressive candidates from up and down the ballot. https://t.co/TlKiUrA9os
All movements start from the bottom on up, including the progressive movement in Vermont. It was great to be in Troy with State Rep. Cindy Weed and Lt. Gov @DaveZuckermanVT. Let's get them re-elected this November. https://t.co/ys8FaUgtEe
We live in the only major country on Earth that does not guarantee health care as a human right. Together, we're going to change that.
RT @DaveZuckermanVT: Great event in Stowe with @marina4vt and @BernieSanders https://t.co/B156NBNEhF
It was great to be in Stowe this morning to support @marina4vt for State House and @DaveZuckermanVT for Lieutenant Governor. Marina and Dave are tireless advocates for social justice and will fight for an economy that works for all Vermonters, not just a select few. https://t.co/x8RswuUfj5
RT @ariannaijones: beautiful morning in Stowe - @BernieSanders in the crowd to hear @marina4vt #vtpoli https://t.co/JoY1Cnc8f8
Just a few short years ago, a $15 minimum wage was considered a pie-in-the-sky idea. But today, state legislatures and local governments around the country have passed legislation to increase the minimum wage to $15 an hour. Let's keep pushing.
When Paul Ryan and Republicans talk about cutting programs like Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security and nutrition assistance, they are talking about destroying programs that are life-and-death for millions of people. We must protect them at all costs. https://t.co/soM9q2qy7A
Adding my voice to those who think Chuy Garcia should take a look at the Chicago mayor's race.
RT @SpectrumVT: Look who just paid our Drop-In Center a visit—@BernieSanders! We’re always happy to talk with him, and we appreciate how mu…
The Trump administration’s announcement that it would again dramatically cut the number of refugees allowed into the United States to an historic low is a shameful abdication of our nation’s role as a protector of vulnerable people fleeing persecution. https://t.co/RjXKkCmvmH
Medicaid work requirements are nothing more than an attack on the poor. We must defeat these attacks on the poor and the downtrodden and reject this kind of destructive austerity. https://t.co/LMAXLzHfpT
I am proud to be supporting @jessforcongress in Pennsylvania’s 11th Congressional District. The grassroots energy Jess has inspired in Lancaster and York counties is a testament to her leadership and her progressive vision. https://t.co/WSopSQa3gF
A job must lift workers out of poverty, not keep them in it. The current federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour is a starvation wage and must be raised to a living wage.
Stable and affordable housing is not only essential to live with dignity, but without it, economic opportunity is an illusion. It makes it very difficult for families to keep up, and near impossible to get ahead or save for retirement or higher education. https://t.co/Y2fRfdzC5f
We must expand Social Security so everyone in Vermont and throughout this country can retire with the dignity they have earned and all those struggling with a disability can live with the security they need. https://t.co/hTVQaOYv76
I’m excited to announce I’ll be doing three events in Vermont this Saturday with progressive candidates from up and down the ballot.		Stowe at 9:30AM: https://t.co/apfY9VWTXx	Troy at 1PM: https://t.co/0pEixLCdpG	St. Johnsbury at 5PM: https://t.co/8OrQY4VCYc
Medicare for all is an idea that's time has come. This is a struggle not just about health care but about the heart and soul of our country, about what we stand for as a people. And it is a struggle we are winning. https://t.co/QT1I274s8M
In an attempt to offset the tax breaks Trump and the Republicans gave to billionaires and to large, profitable corporations, they're going to try to cut programs for the elderly, the children, working families of this country, and the poor. https://t.co/XZOSe5x5Uv
60% of the American people now agree we need to make public colleges and university tuition free. If other countries can take this action, so can the United States of America.
It’s no surprise the Trump administration lied to the American people yet again. The amount of money that has come back to the U.S. after President Trump’s tax cuts for billionaires and large, profitable corporations is just 3.5% of what Trump predicted. https://t.co/dvwzFq0tIw
We live in a nation that spent centuries denying the right to vote to the poor, to women, and to people of color. We must restore the Voting Rights Act and protect voters from attempts to disenfranchise them before the elections take place.
There are five times as many kids in child detention centers now than there were a year ago. Trump’s cruelty towards migrant children are heartless and unconscionable. We must stop the criminalization of immigrant communities and keep families together. https://t.co/3rDi6sNtLq
RT @billmckibben: The iron law of climate change is: the less you did to cause it, the more likely you are to pay the price	https://t.co/QZ…
Solidarity with the thousands of hotel workers in Chicago who are striking at 26 hotels across the city, demanding raises, safer workloads, increased sick days, improved job security and year-round health insurance. https://t.co/IbaxeSfJWy
RT @AndrewGillum: This campaign is about hope, aspiration, and inspiration.		RT to help end the politics of division. 	Together, we will #B…
RT @shaunking: Read this.		"I worked in an Amazon warehouse. @BernieSanders is right about them."		For many, the conditions &amp; pay are deplo…
72% of Americans support increasing, not cutting Social Security benefits by asking millionaires and billionaires to pay more into the system. Our job now is to rally the American people to get our priorities right.
Social Security is one of the most popular and successful government programs in the history of our country. We must expand it so that everyone in America can retire with the respect that they have earned and deserve after a lifetime of hard work. https://t.co/POqZCjdkFG
Today is Constitution Day which recognizes its adoption and those who have become U.S. citizens. In this pivotal moment in American history, we must each affirm our commitment to civic engagement. If you aren't registered to vote, please do so today. https://t.co/jyJt5Q5Hn2 https://t.co/F2wCSHI8kM
RT @diengali: On behalf of all New Americans in # VT, thank you for the warm welcome and happy birthday @BernieSanders https://t.co/zpiW7Wk…
It was so nice to see so many new Americans from many different backgrounds today in Burlington. I want to extend a very warm welcome to you all in Vermont and the United States of America. Thank you to @diengali and community leaders who brought us together. https://t.co/GovPCg6fp6
RT @SenatorCP: Thank you @BernieSanders and @diengali for hosting a great event. Loads of energy from the New American community fighting f…
It was great to be with @AFTunion Vermont this morning in Burlington. Teachers, nurses, and the trade union movement have been and always will be the backbone of this country. https://t.co/KL5rZhcUmC
Thank you to my dear friend @gracepotter for having me at @GrandPointNorth Festival in Burlington, Vermont. It was great to see Grace, @kennychesney and thousands energized to fight for social justice. https://t.co/VuSK92rb8Z
We must build on our common humanity and do everything that we can to oppose all of the forces, whether unaccountable government power or unaccountable corporate power, who try to divide us up and set us against each other. https://t.co/tqOMyVfkOB
Public education is fundamental to any functioning democratic society, and teaching is one of its most valuable and indispensable professions. We need to pay teachers enough to live comfortably without taking on other work, period. https://t.co/CFM61gWhU0
It’s not only low wages that are of great concern with regard to Amazon. There are deeply disturbing stories about working conditions at fulfillment centers run by Amazon and its contractors. https://t.co/gLlbTp49Ry
Arkansas’s Medicaid work requirement numbers reveal that for every one new person working, volunteering, or training, almost 50 people lost their health insurance. These policies do nothing but punish the poor for being poor and can have deadly impacts. https://t.co/tzm6Qdla6V
One year ago, the Medicare for All Act was introduced to guarantee health care to everyone. Today, Medicare for All is more popular than ever with 70% of American voters supporting it. Let’s go forward together and make health care a right, not a privilege.
RT @AnnaForFlorida: This is the story of my family, and of my Mom -- who we lost to cancer when I was 13 years old. Her courage and resilie…
RT @AndrewGillum: My grandmother taught me that if we were going to get anywhere in life, we would get there together. This can be our stor…
Social Security is the most successful government program in our nation’s history. Our job must be to expand it so that every American can retire with dignity and respect they deserve.
RT @guardian: A new authoritarian axis demands an international progressive front | Bernie Sanders https://t.co/ugPznPrG0B
RT @JumaaneWilliams: It’s #ElectionDay, and Team Jumaane is out in full force.		Our team comes from many backgrounds, with many different l…
RT @ZephyrTeachout: New York! With your vote today I will bring a lifetime of anti-corruption expertise and strategic leadership to the nat…
RT @nytopinion: With the right leadership, the New York attorney general's office could serve as a firewall if President Trump pardons seni…
In these final few weeks before a potential vote, it is incumbent upon all of us to mobilize ourselves and our nation to defeat Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination. https://t.co/v62F0tGlOG
Just ahead of hurricane season, the Trump administration redirected $10 million from FEMA to ICE so they’d have more money for detention centers and to separate and detain immigrant families. We have got to get our priorities right as a country. https://t.co/0ttiYsTDhH
GoFundMe is not health care. Yet that is how thousands and thousands of people across the country are trying to stay alive. We must make health care a right to all regardless of ability to pay. We must have Medicare for all. https://t.co/5Gpm7c3BW3
I am proud that my home state of Vermont is taking steps to hold these companies accountable. It is time for Congress to follow Vermont’s lead and investigate these companies’ role in the opioid crisis. https://t.co/Udrmet1J8z
I’m proud to be supporting @ZephyrTeachout for New York State Attorney General. Zephyr understands better than anybody how special interests try to buy off politicians, and she's dedicated her life to fixing our broken political system. https://t.co/EiINOJPC0R
The greed of the prescription drug industry is literally killing Americans. No, Mr. Mulye, it is not "moral" to quadruple the price of a life-saving antibiotic. It is the exact opposite of what should happen in a moral society. https://t.co/IvcexDYMbW
RT @ZephyrTeachout: .@BernieSanders endorsed my campaign for Attorney General because he knows I’ll work for New Yorkers— not corporations.…
As Franklin Delano Roosevelt reminded us, a nation’s greatness is judged not by what it provides to the most well-off, but how it treats the people most in need. And that’s the kind of nation we must become.
Real change never occurs from the top on down, always from the bottom on up. That is the history of America, whether it is the creation of the trade union movement, the civil rights movement, the women’s movement, the LGBTQ rights movement.
We are the only major country on earth that does not guarantee health care to all people as a right. It’s time we change that.
I’m proud to be supporting @JumaaneWilliams for Lieutenant Governor of New York. Jumaane has dedicated his life to fighting for justice, equality and dignity for all and is a champion for the working class. https://t.co/mniyCaxTTD
President Trump is trying to make it easier for oil and gas companies to leak methane. This is totally absurd. We should be aggressively transitioning our economy away from fossil fuels toward sustainable energy. https://t.co/J8CfTDtlvM
We need to expand, not eliminate, the collective bargaining rights of all Americans. I stand with the workers at Tesla who are trying to organize a union. https://t.co/FbFhN9d0Zh
We must act boldly to move our energy system away from fossil fuels, and towards energy efficiency and sustainable energy sources. We have a moral responsibility to leave our kids a planet that is healthy and habitable. https://t.co/GFzsnX1FLc
This is what oligarchy is all about. This is why we have to overturn Citizens United and move to public funding of elections. https://t.co/1yp3zlI20N
RT @ZephyrTeachout: Thank you Senator Sanders. As AG I will stand up to corporate $$$ and against corruption, using the sword of law for pe…
RT @JumaaneWilliams: I was proud to support @BernieSanders when he started a rising progressive tide in 2016.		That tide is now a #BlueWave…
I am confident @ZephyrTeachout will combat corruption wherever it hides as Attorney General. Zephyr's work to reform our campaign finance system demonstrates her commitment to ensuring that the government works for all people and not just the wealthy and the powerful.
In Albany I know @JumaaneWilliams will work hard for everyone as Lieutenant Governor because he has shown himself to be a bold and independent leader who never stops fighting for economic, social, racial and environmental justice.
We need to elect all the progressives running in New York. I would like to offer endorsements to two candidates I have known for many years, and are leaders of the progressive movement in New York: @JumaaneWilliams for Lieutenant Governor and @ZephyrTeachout for Attorney General.
RT @nowthisnews: .@BernieSanders is sending a message to Jeff Bezos and all of corporate America: The public is tired of subsidizing you ht…
Real freedom must include economic security. That was FDR’s vision over 70 years ago. It is my vision today. It is a vision that we have not yet achieved. It is time that we did.
We must fight to make certain that women throughout the country have the right to control their own bodies. We need to stand up for Roe v. Wade now more than ever and stand together to defeat Brett Kavanaugh’s Supreme Court nomination.
Richard Sackler helped cause the opioid crisis through aggressive marketing and lobbying of the opioid painkiller OxyContin. Now he’s trying to profit from addiction treatment. Sackler cannot continue to profit off of people's suffering. https://t.co/cdGOP6wkXK
We must end the revolving door from the oil and gas industry to the very agencies that are supposed to be regulating them and are tasked with protecting the environment. https://t.co/Esysn16K08
Republicans don't push the myth of voter fraud because it is an actual problem. They push it to maintain the racist voting laws that have kept them in power for generations. https://t.co/TDuAuDMwpZ
If we could bail out Wall Street in 2008, we can certainly make public colleges and universities tuition free throughout the country.
@DarrickHamilton And a very Happy Birthday to you!
It is my belief that the younger generation is in many ways the most progressive generation in the history of our country. Please continue to convert your idealism and generosity of spirit into political activity.
If Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh is confirmed, Roe v. Wade could be overturned in less than a year. Nothing is more important now than doing everything in our power to stop this nomination. https://t.co/E64WXY4X7F
RT @AaronRegunberg: Bernie moved us think big, to imagine a system of government that works for everyone rather than one that’s rigged for…
Aaron has worked hard to raise wages, combat climate change, and make voting more accessible. He championed guaranteed sick leave and supports a Medicare-for-all health care system. I hope you will join me in supporting @AaronRegunberg for Lieutenant Governor of Rhode Island.
I am proud to endorse @AaronRegunberg for Lieutenant Governor of Rhode Island. Aaron has shown himself to be a real fighter for Rhode Islanders during his time in the legislature and, in my view, would make an excellent Lieutenant Governor.
Climate change is a clear and present danger to all Americans and ignoring it is not an option. We must take on the fossil fuel billionaires, accelerate our transition to clean energy, and finally put people before the profits of polluters. https://t.co/0l7uJi9DEv
We must end sub-minimum wages and implement one fair wage, so that all minimum wage workers earn the same amount. https://t.co/efwduIEXkA
Thank you, President Obama. https://t.co/tb3tywdHZZ
Congratulations to Disney workers and their unions. This is an important step forward in making sure that all American workers earn a living wage. https://t.co/LT3xwUcu33
Change comes when the people demand it — in the voting booth, in the workplace, and on the streets in peaceful demonstrations. We must remind ourselves of what’s been achieved in the past, and resolve to do equally great things in the future.
We need to remember the price that was paid for the right to vote. The Voting Rights Act was one of the great victories of the civil rights movement. The time to stand up and fight Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination is now. https://t.co/eRbAnm30nz
We cannot allow ourselves to be divided by this anti-immigrant and xenophobic hysteria. This plan must be defeated and the criminalization of immigrants and people of color in this country must end. https://t.co/89ApwAeV4e
If Brett Kavanaugh is confirmed to the Supreme Court, it could be the most extreme court on civil rights issues since the days of Jim Crow. We must stand together and defeat Kavanaugh’s nomination. https://t.co/P8rnfX31rH
More than 4,500 low-income Arkansans lost their health insurance over the weekend as the first-in-the-nation Medicaid work requirements took effect. This type of austerity does nothing but punish the poor and often has deadly impacts. https://t.co/XrlWJHvDxz
Brett Kavanaugh doesn't believe that Roe v. Wade is settled law and he would be the final vote to overturn it. It is urgent that we stand up for the rights of women and abortion access. We must do everything we can to defeat Brett Kavanaugh’s Supreme Court nomination.
Donald Trump stated repeatedly during the campaign that any Supreme Court nominee of his would vote to overturn Roe v. Wade. I have no doubt that is exactly what Brett Kavanaugh will do if confirmed. https://t.co/scSZ6RoHhV
It is vital that those of us who care about the environment and human health, about fighting climate change, and about leaving a planet that is livable for our children and grandchildren come together to do everything we can to defeat Brett Kavanaugh’s Supreme Court nomination.
President Trump’s "dumb Southerner" comment is elitist, despicable, divisive and contemptuous. We cannot allow this administration to divide us up. We must stand together and build an America that works for all of us, not just the few.
The Walton family of Walmart owns more wealth than the bottom 40% of Americans. Walmart, just like Amazon, pays its workers’ wages that are so inadequate that many of them are forced to depend upon public assistance programs in order to survive.
It is not only Mr. Bezos who should be concerned that the days of corporations receiving huge subsidies while paying workers poverty wages are coming to an end. The Walton family of Walmart should be concerned too.
The most devastating fact about the impacts of climate change is that people who live in low-income and minority communities bear the most severe consequences. https://t.co/mCzs5ylPp7
Yesterday Amazon hit a market cap of $1 trillion and Jeff Bezos became $2 billion richer, while 1 in 3 Amazon workers in Arizona are on food stamps because their wages are so low. Today I introduced legislation to get Amazon off corporate welfare and to pay workers a living wage.
Brett Kavanaugh’s Supreme Court nomination is a dire threat to Roe v. Wade and the right of women to control their own bodies, voting rights, campaign finance reform, workers’ rights, health care, climate change, environmental protection and gun safety.
Congratulations to @AyannaPressley for her upset win in Massachusetts 7th Congressional District. Change can't wait. The political revolution continues.
Tomorrow I am introducing legislation to end the absurdity of working class Americans having to subsidize large, profitable corporations, many of which are owned by billionaires like Jeff Bezos. https://t.co/YfoPCAqK3I
There is little doubt that, if appointed, Brett Kavanaugh would support the agenda of billionaires, corporations, and right-wing extremists. I will vote against the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to become the next Supreme Court Justice and urge my fellow Senators to do the same.
The pharmaceutical industry's greed is costing Americans' lives. Enough is enough. Their greed must end. https://t.co/Gcr0kFFqkH
It’s not only low wages that are of concern with regard to Amazon. There are deeply disturbing stories about working conditions at fulfillment centers run by Amazon and its contractors. https://t.co/fOXjh38pcf
I would like to acknowledge Claire Wineland who passed away last night. You are an inspiration and brought joy to many. You’ll be missed deeply. https://t.co/BsTEFmquR7
Thank you, Middlebury. When we come together, there is nothing we cannot accomplish. https://t.co/usRZSmay8u
On Labor Day, it's worth stating that 54% of American workers say they're threatened with loss of their job if they vote to unionize. We must empower workers and make it easier to unionize.
Thank you, White River Junction. Today, on Labor Day, we must recommit ourselves to bringing all working people together in the fight for a more just and humane world. https://t.co/4fQ9IdkM13
Thank you to the more than 400 members of New Hampshire’s labor community who joined me this morning for the AFL-CIO Labor Day breakfast in Manchester. Today we celebrate the principle of solidarity. https://t.co/UEuiJ1L8WU
These workers fought to build the trade union movement. They fought against child labor, low wages and dangerous working conditions. They fought for decent health care, pensions and education. They fought to end racism and sexism in the workforce.
Let us never forget that Labor Day is not just about picnics, barbecues and parades. It is about remembering the struggles of incredibly brave men and women who stood up and fought back against corporate greed, and sometimes lost their lives in the process.
I’m proud to be supporting @AndrewGillum, @staceyabrams, and @BenJealous. We live in an unprecedented moment in American history, and we need an unprecedented response. Let’s stand with them and reshape history this November. https://t.co/ygrUDTjRJg
We must end U.S. support for this disastrous war in Yemen. It is also long past time that we begin to take a very hard look at our relationship with Saudi Arabia. https://t.co/uJJEHhFw5N
There is simply no question as to whose side the Trump administration is really on. Not the working class. Just the ruling class. https://t.co/b5l1jvsp6r
41% of college students are skipping meals to be able to afford textbooks which have skyrocketed in cost in recent years. This absurdity must end and it’s time to make public colleges and universities tuition-free across the country. https://t.co/18Ldo3Xw1a
This is why we fight for a fair economy. This is why we fight for billionaires and corporations to pay their fair share in taxes. This is why unions are necessary. This is why we demand living wages. https://t.co/WzaUlZ0nYY
RT @AndrewGillum: Money doesn’t vote, people do.
All over this country, many Amazon employees, who work for the wealthiest person on Earth, are paid wages so low they can’t make ends meet. The American taxpayer should not be subsidizing Jeff Bezos so he can underpay his employees. https://t.co/6WOiHjCyfe
We must stand with every educator in this country until they’re given the wages and benefits they deserve, and every public school is sufficiently funded so that our students can succeed. https://t.co/PcU6tMWxEE
The Saudi-led intervention in Yemen, with U.S. support, has been a humanitarian disaster. Instead of supplying bombs, refueling capabilities, and now training to Saudi pilots, we should be doing everything possible to create a peaceful resolution and provide humanitarian help.
The Pentagon is planning to train Saudi Arabian pilots on US soil for what appears to be the first time since a Saudi-led coalition intervened in Yemen’s civil war. The training will be for warplanes including the F-15, which the Saudis are using in Yemen. https://t.co/YS7tdYIbYO
Trump’s massive tax cuts for the wealthy and corporations are fueling a vicious cycle of money in politics. Some of the biggest beneficiaries of his tax cuts are now making huge donations to help Republicans keep control of Congress. https://t.co/gjLlEzyZZM
I’m proud to be supporting @staceyabrams for Governor of Georgia, @BenJealous for Governor of Maryland, and @AndrewGillum for Governor of Florida. Victories for these three great candidates will change America in a very significant way. https://t.co/V0mwrsjW5d
The Trump administration's anti-immigrant and white supremacist agenda is now unjustly denying passports to thousands of U.S. citizens simply because of the color of their skin. We will not be divided and these racist policies will be defeated. https://t.co/5ON8ur967d
Here’s the bottom line: the taxpayers of this country should not have to subsidize employees at a company owned by Mr. Bezos who is worth $155 billion. That's absurd and it’s going to end. On September 5th I am introducing legislation to do exactly that. https://t.co/NCqzwicweB
It is a moral outrage that in the richest nation on Earth we can’t even provide clean drinking water to our children in schools. It is time to get our priorities right as a country. https://t.co/Ur4lf3inxF
I’d like to thank @NomikiKonst, @jjz1600, @ninaturner, Jeff Weaver, Gus Newport, Larry Cohen, @LucyFlores and @janekleeb for all of their hard work on the Unity Reform Commission. You all worked tirelessly on successful reforms and for that I am truly grateful.
I’m excited to announce I’ll be doing two rallies in Vermont this upcoming Monday for Labor Day in White River Junction and Middlebury.		White River Junction at 1PM: https://t.co/tSqLwsPgT8	Middlebury Town Green at 4PM: https://t.co/qCiIi0TmR7
As @AndrewGillum has said, money doesn’t vote. People do. If you live in Florida and aren’t registered to vote, please do so today so we can make Andrew Gillum the next Governor of Florida. The impossible is possible. Let’s #BringItHome this November. https://t.co/FD2mVqp43b
This type of disenfranchisement is just another method of voter suppression and criminalization of people of color which must be ended. The fight for voting rights is a fight for justice. It is inseparable from the struggle for democracy itself.
Crystal Mason faces five years in jail—for the crime of voting. We are facing a crisis of voter suppression in this country and a big part of that is felon disenfranchisement, which has cost six million Americans their right to vote. https://t.co/uNyBCQ9a7Q
Unbelievably, in America today there are 44 million Americans who owe more than $1.5 trillion in student debt. It’s time to make colleges, universities and trade schools tuition free in America. https://t.co/qRpZKaKWAf
RT @AndrewGillum: We could not have done it without you, Senator @BernieSanders. Let’s win in November! #BringItHome https://t.co/mtVzGpZVrB
RT @CindyPoloFL103: Thank you Senator! Once again we've shown that money is not everything. We worked! And we will continue to work our tai…
RT @politico: “I believe that Florida and its rich diversity are going to be looking for a governor who’s going to bring us together. Not d…
I'd also like to congratulate Dotie Joseph and Cindy Polo for their primary wins for FL State House and Wesley Anne Beggs for Sarasota County Commissioner. Their wins show we can win seemingly impossible campaigns if we run on issues that speak to the needs of working people.
Congratulations to @AndrewGillum on his victory. Tonight, Floridians joined Andrew in standing up and demanding real change and showed our nation what is possible when we stand together. Let's make history this November and make Andrew Gillum the next Governor of Florida.
Medicare for all is an idea that's time has come. If every major country on earth can guarantee health care as a right, please do not tell me the United States cannot. https://t.co/M7eT9OF5kq
RT @AndrewGillum: If we vote, we win. 	If we vote, we win. 	If we vote, we win.		RT, GOTV, and vote before 7 PM! 	Polling info here: https:…
I applaud everyone who stood up to demand that workers at one of the wealthiest corporations in the world should have a decent standard of living. https://t.co/ffZ2MxB91u
RT @AndrewGillum: Thank you, @BernieSanders. Today is the day. 		Polls are open now until 7 PM local time: https://t.co/HuLIZyic4K https://…
For Florida State House, I am proud to support @CarlosGSmith in District 49, @AnnaForFlorida in District 47, @ElectMangold in District 28, @DotieForFlorida in District 108, @votemcfadden in District 106, and @CindyPoloFL103 in District 103. Let’s make history today, Florida!
Let’s also elect many terrific down-ballot candidates who will play a pivotal role in reshaping Florida towards a more progressive future. I am proud to be supporting @votesanjaypatel in Florida’s 8th Congressional District and @WinWithWesley for Sarasota County Commission.
Today is our chance to make history. Let’s get out the vote today to transform Florida and this nation by electing @AndrewGillum to be the next Governor of Florida.
RT @shaunking: I'm dedicating the next 24 hours of my life to campaigning online and off for my friend and brother @AndrewGillum!		His camp…
It is deeply troubling that the federal official in charge of protecting student borrowers from predatory lending practices stepped down today, saying himself this administration has turned its back on young people and their financial futures. https://t.co/wvqN7B2Oku
We must confront the oppressive burden of student debt that afflicts and harms far too many young people in our country. It’s time to make public colleges, universities, and vocational schools tuition free in the United States. https://t.co/AgkGlrIcc0
All across the nation, there are progressive ballot initiatives at the state level that can help us create a fairer and just society. The opportunity to expand Medicaid to hundreds of thousands of people is on the ballot in Nebraska, Idaho and Utah. https://t.co/NlNivlMdtA
New data shows one in three Amazon employees in Arizona are on food stamps. It is completely unacceptable that ordinary Americans should be subsidizing the wealthiest people in the world like Jeff Bezos when they pay their employees such inadequate wages. https://t.co/0Ty2w4eYcj
This is a victory in the struggle for millions of workers all across this country who are sick and tired of working longer hours for lower wages. When workers organize and stand together, they win. https://t.co/UnwxagymYn
Today's decision by the DNC is an important step forward in making the Democratic Party more open, democratic and responsive to the input of ordinary Americans. This has been a long and arduous process, and I want to thank @TomPerez and all of those who made it happen. https://t.co/YsFh1UorwV
We must remember that the struggle for our rights is not a struggle for one day, or one year, or one generation – it is the struggle of a lifetime, and one that must be fought by every generation.
Make absolutely no mistake about it, our ideas are winning. Overwhelming majorities of people have come around to some of our major policy proposals like Medicare for all and tuition-free college in incredibly short amounts of time. Let’s keep pushing. https://t.co/Zq7alWmAdg
Disney prides itself on making dreams come true. Their workers deserve to be paid a living wage. https://t.co/9p8WKYw5gW
The United States must end the international embarrassment of being the only major country on earth, the only one, which does not guarantee workers paid medical and family leave, paid sick time and paid vacation time.
RT @AriBerman: Big victory for voting rights: majority black Georgia county decides not to close 7 of 9 polling places after public outcry…
The working families of this country should not have to subsidize the wealthiest people in the United States of America like Jeff Bezos. It’s absurd and it’s what a rigged economy is all about. https://t.co/xgrBO64Y43
RT @guardian: 'Pay a living wage': Bernie Sanders accuses Disney of dodging fair pay https://t.co/79ajHu3bdr
RT @washpostbiz: Thousands of Amazon workers receive food stamps. Now Bernie Sanders wants Amazon to pay up. https://t.co/1dr9RAaWJk
It is imperative that we have the courage to stand with the poor, the marginalized, the vulnerable, and are willing to stand up to the very powerful and wealthy in our society.
As @SummerForPA and @Innamo have demonstrated in Pittsburgh, we can win seemingly impossible campaigns if we run on issues that speak to the needs of working people while harnessing the grassroots energy to drive our campaigns forward. https://t.co/EUIWK0upBx
We must transform our energy system to renewable energy and stop letting oil executives call the shots. We can't let the fossil fuel industry continue to get away with devastating our planet and making a profit off it. https://t.co/jwptxcb9CU
As Martin Luther King Jr. said in 1968: This country has socialism for the rich and rugged individualism for the poor. https://t.co/3gbSH1nq3i
RT @IronStache: Drug overdoses killed 72,000 Americans last year. One of them was a steelworker named Lee Russell Schulz from New Berlin, W…
70% of American voters now support a Medicare for all, single-payer system and 60% now support tuition-free college. Our ideas are winning and these are struggles we will win together. https://t.co/hIRCGXGtwX
I hope when the day comes that our children and grandchildren look us in the eye and ask, “What did you do about climate change?” We can proudly say we did everything we could; we successfully transformed our political system and left them a planet that is healthy and habitable.
There are 140 million poor &amp; low income people in this country. This does not have to be. It is an immoral failure of will in the richest nation in the world that we let so many people live in poverty.
The Trump administration's hostility to refugees, and immigrants in general is deeply disturbing and shameful. We have a responsibility to the world's refugees to offer welcome and compassion. https://t.co/SP6TkfWAnq
I appreciate the honesty from my Republican colleague who said what we’ve known all along. They’ve always been dead set on wanting to slash Medicare and Social Security and will use deficits created by their own tax cuts for billionaires to try to do so. https://t.co/e81QI6ZAEu
RT @AndrewGillum: The most qualified. 	The only non-millionaire. 	And with your help, the first person of color to lead this state. https:/…
RT @Deb4CongressNM: Thank you @BernieSanders! I am proud to have your support.  #nm01 #nmpol https://t.co/sXSSWIlxbo
I’m proud to endorse @Deb4CongressNM to represent New Mexico’s 1st Congressional District. Her experience is what will make her a fierce champion for workers, for students, for women, for Native Americans, and for everyone who has been sidelined by the billionaire class. https://t.co/9aiRpzG1D8
As Americans, we must ask ourselves one fundamental question, and that is whether or not this is the kind of country and economic culture we are comfortable with. I am not. And I don’t believe you are either. https://t.co/JsAPzXO8C0
Think about how hard that family member has to work for an entire year, the days she or he goes into work sick, or has a sick child, or struggles to buy school supplies or Christmas presents, to make what one man makes in 10 seconds.
Count to ten. In those ten seconds, Jeff Bezos, the owner and founder of Amazon, just made more money than the median employee of Amazon makes in an entire year. An entire year.
Climate change is the single greatest threat facing our planet and the Trump administration is shamefully putting the interests of a few coal barons before those of our planet and our children and grandchildren. https://t.co/B4BpwVp2At
I’m glad to hear 22 state attorneys general and the District of Columbia have filed a brief to overturn the FCC's disastrous decision to repeal net neutrality. This fight is not over. https://t.co/c71y3kHXPU
The state of Arizona is violating the National Voter Registration Act, putting more than 500,000 voters at risk of being disenfranchised. This type of voter suppression must be stopped. https://t.co/M8RtsAcRbE
I am so inspired by the young people mobilizing and organizing to put people before polluters, combat climate change, and lead a transition to clean energy. You have the power to change America and this world. https://t.co/iNza7nBmdj
Week after week, we see the cruelty of this administration's policies with their unrelenting attacks on the elderly, the children, the disabled, and the poor of this country who need our social safety net the most. https://t.co/OLrYbYPd4X
Trump’s power plant proposal is reckless and threatens a habitable planet for future generations. We need to take on the fossil fuel billionaires, accelerate our transition to clean energy, and finally put people before the profits of polluters. https://t.co/VzRK0oVFwv
It is long past time to end U.S. support through the sales of bombs, targeting intelligence and refueling for planes for this misbegotten, unconstitutional and unwinnable war in Yemen. https://t.co/9VM5t4mMFZ
RT @AndrewGillum: As @BernieSanders said, our election in Florida can change the entire course of the country. 		Watch and share our rally…
This is voter suppression. These cowardly efforts to make it harder and harder for African Americans to vote must be stopped and we must do everything we can to make it easier for all Americans to vote. https://t.co/4Z8wEf5RiY
We must end the international disgrace of the United States being the only major country on Earth not to guarantee health care to all of our people. We must move to a Medicare for all, single-payer system. https://t.co/rgURq6NYVS
For the past 40 years, Wall Street and the billionaire class have rigged the rules to redistribute wealth and income to the wealthiest and most powerful people of this country. We must stand up, organize, and fight back. https://t.co/l4WZt2FLlb
The US must stop supporting this catastrophic war. We cannot say we did not know. Instead of supplying bombs and refueling capabilities, we should be doing everything possible to create a peaceful resolution in Yemen and provide humanitarian help. https://t.co/oiCLGMUfof
RT @CarlosGSmith: I'm proud to announce that I have earned the official ENDORSEMENT of Senator @BernieSanders in my re-election to the Flor…
I'm proud to be supporting 9 incredible candidates running for office in Florida. Early voting has begun so let's get out the vote to transform Florida from the bottom on up! https://t.co/eJUdHM6cZA
RT @AndrewGillum: "You have an extraordinary opportunity to make American history. Go out and do it. Elect Andrew Gillum your next Governor…
We must stop spending endlessly on war, mass incarceration and tax breaks for billionaires while ignoring the basic needs of our children, the elderly and those who need the most help in our country.
It is shameful that we invest so little in education in this country that some schools cannot be in session for a full week. Our priorities must change. https://t.co/DaDqjD44jb
How does it make sense for CEOs to be making hundreds or even thousands of times more than their employees, at a time when millions of American workers are barely getting by? https://t.co/zE6eew3GLk
I’ve said it from the beginning, and I’ll say it again. We must not build new, dangerous pipelines. The fight against pipelines that threaten our natural resources and our planet must continue. https://t.co/y8UcKglfvm
Congratulations, San Antonio. It is time for our entire country to ensure that every worker has access to paid family leave, paid sick time and paid vacations – just like they do in every other wealthy country on the planet. https://t.co/izx2l4hbux
RT @AndrewGillum: Just finished our rallies with @BernieSanders — but as the Senator knows, rallies are not enough. We have to vote and #GO…
Shame on this administration and shame on anyone seeking to boot people off of Medicaid. Attacking the poor and people with disabilities is cowardly and despicable. https://t.co/tmmGbZeTty
Thank you, Orlando and Tampa. Let’s transform Florida and this nation on August 28th and make @AndrewGillum the next Governor of Florida. https://t.co/J6bOQDCBiO https://t.co/0NL8zshrAx
RT @AndrewGillum: Orlando Rally with Bernie Sanders https://t.co/X6Tmtx6Po0
RT @AllieRaffa: .@BernieSanders joins @AndrewGillum on stage here at Armature Works in Tampa to cheers from the crowd of over 1,000 people.…
RT @AriRabinHavt: It’s a hot day in Tampa, but that didn’t stop 1000+ people from coming out for Bernie Sanders and @AndrewGillum https://t…
It's an honor to be in Tampa this morning to support @AndrewGillum to be the next Governor of Florida. Watch our rally live! https://t.co/3Ss3mWC2Rf
When we stand together as one people, united, fighting for a progressive agenda, there is nothing, nothing, nothing that we cannot accomplish.
RT @AndrewGillum: This Friday is a big day for our campaign as @BernieSanders comes to the Sunshine State for two rallies. RT if we’ll see…
If every major country on earth can guarantee health care to all and achieve better health outcomes, while spending substantially less per capita than we do, it is absurd for anyone to suggest that the United States of America cannot do the same. https://t.co/EKmPY7iTgC
When workers organize and stand together, they win. https://t.co/LxoOorbMNe
RT @cnni: Bernie Sanders for @CNNOpinion: It's time for health care for all  https://t.co/IgfameERGa
Congratulations to Peter Welch who won his primary for US House, Dave Zuckerman for Lt Gov, Chris Pearson for State Senate, Mari Cordes, Susan Hatch Davis, Dennis LaBounty, Cindy Weed, Robin Chestnut-Tangerman and Martha Allen who all won their primaries for Vermont State House.
I am very thankful to everyone who voted for my re-election to US Senate in the Vermont Democratic Primary. I am also proud to announce all 9 candidates I endorsed in Vermont won their primaries and that this primary had one of the largest turnouts in Vermont's history.
Many of the ideas we’ve been talking about for years are now ideas that are mainstream ideas supported by the vast majority of the American people. Our vision, a vision of social justice, economic justice, racial justice, and environmental justice, will be the future of America.
RT @CBSThisMorning: "All across this country, people are saying we want a government that represents all of us, not just the billionaire cl…
As I said last night on @colbertlateshow, people are sick and tired of the greed and power of a handful of people on top and they want a government which represents all of us, not just the 1%. https://t.co/srSGFoUt7I
RT @CBSThisMorning: "There is a whole lot of energy...  you're seeing women, people of color, young people getting involved in politics, in…
We must end one party rule in Washington this November. I intend to do everything I can along with every other progressive in this nation between now and then to make sure that happens. https://t.co/BDXf2qie5Q
This is why we must fight as hard as we can to stop the privatization of Medicaid, Medicare and Social Security. We cannot leave the life-saving care of millions of people in the hands of companies looking to make a big a profit as they can. https://t.co/GFlOKhl2YX
RT @nowthisnews: 'Money doesn't vote, people do.' — Democrat Andrew Gillum is literally the only non-millionaire in the Democratic primary…
RT @CBSThisMorning: Senator @BernieSanders is here and will join us live in Studio 57.		📺: @CBS https://t.co/Ei7BCv6VTR
RT @IronStache: Thank you can't even begin to express the gratitude I feel right now. I'm honored to accept the #Democratic nomination for…
Congratulations to @christineforvt for her Democratic primary win for Governor of Vermont tonight. Let's continue making history and win this November!
Vermont - thanks so much for the strong support you’ve given me tonight. https://t.co/lwNonFPDj9
I’m excited to be on @colbertlateshow tonight! Tune in live at 11:35PM EST to join us. https://t.co/WSbj8xq11R
RT @AndrewGillum: Friday is going to be a big day — join @BernieSanders &amp; me in Tampa for a rally as we get ready to #BringItHome! RSVP for…
RT @AliVelshi: I’m in for @chrislhayes on @allinwithchris 8pET. @BernieSanders joins me tonight to discuss the appeal of progressive over e…
RT @CBSThisMorning: Wednesday on @CBSThisMorning: Senator @BernieSanders will join us live in Studio 57. 		(How to watch online: https://t.…
Something is very wrong when, last year, the top 25 hedge fund managers earned more than the combined income of 425,000 public school teachers. We have got to get our priorities right.
I am so inspired by the Parkland students who are registering voters in communities with historically low turnout and hosting town halls to curb gun violence. Young people have the power to transform this nation. https://t.co/9pTJZXZ97s
For Vermont State House, I am proud to have endorsed Susan Hatch Davis in Orange-1, Dennis LaBounty in Caledonia-4, Cindy Weed in Franklin-7, Mari Cordes in Addison-4, Robin Chestnut-Tangerman in Rutland-Bennington, and Martha Allen in Essex-Caledonia-Orleans-1.
Today is Primary Day in Vermont! I appreciate your support and hope you will vote for my re-election to the US Senate. I am proud to support @PeterWelch for US House, @DaveZuckermanVT for LT Gov, and @SenatorCP for State Senate.
Wall Street, billionaires, and corporations are organized and have led this massive redistribution of wealth to help the rich get even richer. It’s time for the working class to organize and fight back.
Let me be clear: class warfare goes on in the United States right now. The richer are getting much richer, the poor are getting poorer, and the middle class is disappearing. https://t.co/3gbSH1nq3i
RT @AndrewGillum: The richest corporations in Florida aren't paying their fair share — when I'm Governor, they will — so we can pay teacher…
We owe so much to the trade union movement. As often as not, the rights we often now take for granted were won through struggle by the trade union movement. https://t.co/mSnyB0Aghk
We can honor Heather Heyer’s memory by standing up to all forms of oppression and bigotry in this country - racism, sexism, homophobia, xenophobia and religious intolerance. All of us must do our part in creating a just society.
The next day, the white supremacists and Neo-Nazis marched again but this time thousands of protesters showed up to stand up to their hatred and bigotry. Countless people were injured standing up to hate and and one person, Heather Heyer, was killed.
One year ago today, a few students with nothing but a “VA Students Act Against White Supremacy” banner courageously stood up to hundreds of white supremacists and Neo-Nazis who had them surrounded while marching in defense of a Confederate statue in Charlottesville.
RT @AdyBarkan: For years, nurses and patients and doctors have built the movement for #MedicareForAll. 		@BernieSanders brought that vision…
RT @AdyBarkan: This weekend, we wind down our @BeAHeroTeam cross country tour. 		Today in VT, tomorrow in NH, and Sunday in ME — these coul…
Without struggle, there is no progress. It was truly an honor to stand with @AdyBarkan today across Vermont to stand up for health care and our nation. https://t.co/B4ekBeDT0I
We need to invest in our children, in our elderly, and in healthcare and education and environmental protection. People are sick and tired of spending billions and billions of dollars on nuclear weapons, war planes, missiles, bombs, and tanks.
I also want to congratulate @JamesThompsonKS, Wesley Bell in Missouri, and @RashidaTlaib in Michigan. Their victories are important milestones for this nation. The struggle continues.
Making a political revolution is not easy, and we should be enormously proud of the progress we are making across the country. @AbdulElSayed &amp; @BrentWelder ran in what we knew from the start would be difficult races, and advanced the progressive cause in very significant ways.
The Trump administration continues to lead a rapid shift towards oligarchy. We must have the courage to stand up and take on the powerful who only ever want more and more for themselves like Wilbur Ross. https://t.co/9vXAFXctma
I’m excited and honored to do 3 events across Vermont tomorrow with @AdyBarkan. Please join us tomorrow to stand up for health care, raising the minimum wage, paid family leave, racial justice, and our country! https://t.co/EI6OKu0zRu
Political and social revolutions that attempt to transform our society never end. They continue every day, every week and every month in the fight to create a nation of social and economic justice.
RT @democracynow: Mother of Heather Heyer, Killed 1 Year Ago: Everyone Needs to Pick Up the Baton &amp; Stand Against Hate https://t.co/MGTduNK…
How tragic it is that today, while hundreds of millions of people live in abysmal poverty, the arms merchants of the world grow increasingly rich as governments spend trillions of dollars on weapons of destruction. https://t.co/LY4xJiNms4
I’m glad to hear that a federal judge in New Orleans has ruled that the city's cash bail system is unconstitutional. Our destructive and unjust cash bail process is part of our broken criminal justice system – and must be ended. https://t.co/WwZnhCDKY9
We are not going back to the days when women had to risk their lives to end an unwanted pregnancy. Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination for Supreme Court justice must be rejected. #SaveRoe https://t.co/coVFmMezui
Congratulations to @JamesThompsonKS on his Democratic primary victory last night in Kansas. Let’s flip the 4th Congressional district in Kansas this November!
RT @MotherJones: An underdog reformer just unseated the prosecutor who handled the Ferguson police shooting https://t.co/Dx6qQHeZX8 https:/…
I'm glad to hear Prop A was defeated tonight in Missouri. Right-to-work legislation must be defeated nationwide. We must stand together, beat back union busters, and continue to build and grow the trade union movement in this country.
Please read this article about the incredible life and activism of my friend, @AdyBarkan. I’m honored to be doing 3 events with him this Friday across Vermont. https://t.co/VuVTiui1eP
Secretary DeVos has made it clear this administration works for the executives and shareholders of predatory for-profit colleges rather than with students and taxpayers. https://t.co/faOz9fkFex
RT @KCStar: Vote no on Proposition A, a right-to-work measure that would lower wages and hurt workers https://t.co/qEmy6qAotG
RT @MiddleEastEye: Muslims in Michigan are "hyped up" about "Berniesque" Abdul El-Sayed https://t.co/Bq5mnzqf3M https://t.co/3aAkQZBXSa
RT @AbdulElSayed: Stopped by our Detroit field office earlier and found so many volunteers making phone calls and getting people out to the…
RT @TheDemocrats: Hey Twitter! I’ll be taking my #SeatAtTheTable today with @TheDemocrats to talk about #BlackWomensEqualPayDay and how the…
Let's see the highest voter turnout in Kansas history today and vote for @BrentWelder in the 3rd Congressional district and @JamesThompsonKS in the 4th Congressional district. Every vote matters and together we can flip these districts! https://t.co/DY8FjWDa8g
RT @AbdulElSayed: TODAY IS THE DAY		Polls are open. Find your polling location: https://t.co/Q6x8hWfMeB https://t.co/bFr5x4oHzk
RT @JamesThompsonKS: Polls are OPEN #KS04! Get out there and make sure your vote is cast. Best of luck to candidates across the state! If y…
Michigan, today is the day. Let's make history and vote for @AbdulElSayed to be the next Governor of Michigan! https://t.co/Q97YjPdGo9 https://t.co/iaRH5eJc3x
Robust universal programs build solidarity, and create an impassioned base who enthusiastically defend them. We can do the same with Medicare for All. https://t.co/bRUBhu3mbE
We must end the use of cash bail in federal courts and work with state and local governments to end this broken and destructive system in every area of the country. https://t.co/5jbIFzLrlR
RT @AbdulElSayed: I asked Sen. @BernieSanders how progressive leaders can protect from getting co-opted by the establishment:		He said: “al…
Tomorrow, August 7th, let’s beat back the attacks on unions and #VoteNoOnPropA in Missouri. We must put public interest before corporate interests and defeat right-to-work legislation in every state. https://t.co/XWlDsgNfdL
RT @BrentWelder: By far, my favorite part of this campaign is pounding the pavement, hearing about people's lives and struggles. This campa…
RT @JamesThompsonKS: Make a plan to vote tomorrow, get your sticker and come down to Aeroplains for our watch party at 6pm! #ThompsonTuesda…
I’m so excited and honored to announce I’ll be doing 3 events with a great progressive leader this Friday in Vermont. Please join me and a true champion for health care and economic security @AdyBarkan for events in Brattleboro, Bennington, and Bristol! https://t.co/EI6OKu0zRu
RT @AndrewGillum: The endorsement of @BernieSanders means a lot because we have a shared vision and he believes we should be measured by th…
RT @AbdulElSayed: Thousands joined @BernieSanders and I yesterday as we called for a government for the people, by the people.		We are #Don…
All across this nation, people are standing together to transform our economic and political system and standing up to the Trump administration's efforts to divide us up.
On August 7th, let's show Michigan and this nation what is possible and elect @AbdulElSayed to be the next Governor of Michigan. https://t.co/hqkYL9AxzM
It looks like Michigan is ready to make history this Tuesday by voting for @AbdulElSayed to be its next Governor. Let's do everything we can in the next few days to create a historic victory! https://t.co/4OPRXMtHk4 https://t.co/1sn15Xozdi
RT @AbdulElSayed: “Real change never takes place from the top on down, it is ALWAYS from the ground up” - @BernieSanders https://t.co/kKEoV…
It’s an honor to be in Michigan today to support @AbdulElSayed for Governor of Michigan. Watch our Detroit rally live! https://t.co/WhSihKcsbQ
RT @GunnelsWarren: Jeff Sachs: Medicare for All could save a lot more than $2 trillion over 10 years. If we spent the same percentage of GD…
RT @AbdulElSayed: Amazing crowd in Detroit!		There is still time to join Abdul, @BernieSanders, and others here in Detroit or Ypsilanti tod…
It’s no surprise the Trump administration lied to the American people yet again. In cynically declaring the War on Poverty a success, the Trump administration has been attempting to justify its ongoing attacks on poor people. https://t.co/3KaM7DBPZf
RT @JamesThompsonKS: HUGE BREAKING NEWS, Thompson Army! We've gotten our first POLL RESULTS back and they're incredible! 		Chip in NOW to h…
RT @AbdulElSayed: TODAY! @BernieSanders is in Michigan! 		Join us for our GOTV rallies in Detroit and Ypsilanti!		Detroit: https://t.co/XXD…
RT @VFNHP: These nurses among the lowest paid in the nation are fighting for safe patient care while our CEO brings home over 2.1 million a…
A great nation is judged not by how many millionaires and billionaires it has, but by how it treats the weakest and most vulnerable amongst us.
New polling shows there are no small number of progressive economic policies that a large majority of working people are ready to rally around. Our ideas are popular. We need the political will to fight for them at the local and national level. https://t.co/3W9MOERo9D
RT @FastCompany: Support for universal health care is growing https://t.co/UpL7E3s2TM
If we are serious about transforming our country, if we are serious about reinvigorating our democracy, we need to develop a political movement which, once again, is prepared to take on and defeat a ruling class whose greed is destroying our nation.
We must combat cynicism, fear and despair. We must reverse the drift toward oligarchy, and create a government which represents all the people and not just the few.
Medicare for all would not only guarantee health care for all people, not only save families and our entire nation significant sums of money, it would radically improve the lives of all Americans and bring about significant improvements in our economy. https://t.co/Osktw8zcCj
Real freedom must include economic security. People are not truly free when they are unable to feed their family, when they’re unable to retire with dignity, when they have no health care. It is a vision that we have not yet achieved. It is time that we did.
RT @AndrewGillum: I'm an unapologetic progressive and I'm proud to stand with @BernieSanders and #MedicareForAll. #FLDemDebate https://t.co…
When the labor movement in Missouri defeats Prop A on August 7th, their victory will show the nation how to defeat anti-worker legislation like right-to-work at the state level and how much power there is in a union. https://t.co/BdPDzar4pt
A 2017 study done by @EconomicPolicy showed that 54% of American workers are threatened with loss of their job if they voted to unionize. We must empower workers and make it easier to unionize. https://t.co/zTYa1pX68u
RT @AbdulElSayed: This Sunday we get out the vote with Senator @BernieSanders and Our Revolution President @NinaTurner! Join us in Ypsilant…
If we are serious about reforming the tax code and rebuilding the middle class, we have got to demand that the wealthiest Americans and largest corporations pay their fair share in taxes. https://t.co/XuDJwOybXu
In the richest nation in the history of the world, it's a moral and political failing that we still have tens of millions of people living in poverty. We must demand change and raise the standard of living for everyone in this country so nobody is living in poverty.
Medicare for all is an idea that's time has come. In this pivotal moment in American history, we must go forward to guarantee health care as a right and not a privilege. https://t.co/Omn5h4BUev
Democracy is not a spectator sport. At this moment in history, when there is so much political alienation and despair, it is absolutely imperative that we keep hope alive and get millions of new people involved in our political processes to shape our future.
It was an honor celebrate the role that Vermont's labor unions have played in winning justice for working people this past weekend in Burlington. https://t.co/xM2YW0Ho3S
The status quo doesn’t work. Period. We need to create a Medicare for all universal health care system that guarantees health care to all people. https://t.co/8qXlfwnaWr
RT @AbdulElSayed: For too long, they've told us it’s impossible to stand up to their power.		We’re #DoneWaiting. On August 7th, we show the…
Democracy means one person one vote, not billionaires buying elections. We need to #FixDemocracyNow by overturning Citizens United, moving toward public funding of elections, and ending voter suppression.
Medicare for all is an idea that's time has come. Make a donation -- of any amount -- to my re-election and to help me support progressive candidates across the country and we'll send you a Medicare for all sticker to show your support. https://t.co/hb7mTa6745
Our vision for American democracy should be a nation in which all people, regardless of their income, can participate in the political process, can run for office without begging for contributions from the wealthy and the powerful.
When we talk about our responsibilities as human beings and as parents, there is nothing more important than leaving our planet healthy and habitable for our kids and our grandkids. https://t.co/67a6ce6u5f
RT @AbdulElSayed: It’s amazing what the polls look like when you talk to people outside of land lines. It’s neck and neck — even. 		Before…
RT @AndrewGillum: It’s an honor to have @BernieSanders endorsement in this campaign. He has been an unapologetic fighter for working people…
Andrew has never backed down from a fight, including beating the NRA and standing up against xenophobic politicians. @AndrewGillum will set a new course for Florida — a governor who represents all the people and not just powerful special interests.
As governor, @AndrewGillum will work to provide health care for all through a Medicare-for-All program, raise the minimum wage, invest in sustainable energy, improve education, make sure the wealthiest corporations pay their fair share of taxes, and be welcoming to immigrants.
I’m proud to endorse Tallahassee Mayor @AndrewGillum in his race for governor of Florida.
Change happens when millions of people stand up and demand it. Women’s rights, civil rights, LGBTQ rights, and workers’ rights were all advanced through collective struggle.
RT @thehill: NEW POLL: More Americans want Senate to reject Kavanaugh than confirm him https://t.co/UnSocxfLS0 https://t.co/XdQleS6RJf
RT @aedwardslevy: "The total number of votes cast in Democratic House primaries so far this year is 84% higher than the total for the equiv…
This is class warfare, plain and simple. https://t.co/cg1SUdqp6E
We must take on the fossil fuel industry, accelerate our transition to clean energy, and finally put people before the profits of polluters. https://t.co/Peh45nHxC5
RT @ColorOfChange: This is a humanitarian crisis that isn’t getting better. The Trump Administration still hasn’t reunited all families at…
RT @voxdotcom: A new filing from the ACLU suggests that parents, instead of making a decision with their children about deportation, aren’t…
63% of American voters support a single-payer Medicare for All system. It's more popular now than ever before. Those who say this goal is unachievable are selling the American people short. https://t.co/GmVoCDaYdh
RT @TeachBTV: Friends of  Bernie Worker Appreciation Dinner - 25 proud Vermont unions came together tonight.  There was much solidarity in…
We must act boldly to move our energy system away from fossil fuels, toward energy efficiency and sustainable energy sources like wind, solar, and geothermal because we have a moral responsibility to leave our kids a planet that is healthy and habitable. https://t.co/4xaq9oz49p
I want to thank virtually every trade union in Vermont, and 425 union members, for joining us for dinner last night in a celebration of union solidarity. https://t.co/Hoc1jIYMCe
"The word for tonight is solidarity. Thank you, Bernie, for bringing us together to celebrate labor and unions tonight. We all stand hand in hand in solidarity." ~Brad Reed, President of @PFFV https://t.co/Ht3OQVqHbW
The labor movement is my family and unions built this nation.  I'm honored to be with everyone tonight at the Vermont Workers' Appreciation Dinner. https://t.co/QBHnQbTJyc
It is imperative that we have the courage to stand with the poor, to stand with working people and when necessary, take on very powerful and wealthy people whose greed is doing this country and planet enormous harm.
When we talk about justice, we have to understand that there is no justice when so few have so much and so many have so little. There is no justice when the top one-tenth of 1 percent today in America owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.
It is appalling but not surprising that Sec. DeVos has proposed a new “borrower defense” rule that favors her friends in the for-profit college industry rather than students and taxpayers. https://t.co/WU58V4r6R2
RT @NBCPolitics: The Trump administration has moved to roll back an Obama-era safety rule requiring large employers to submit detailed logs…
RT @JamesThompsonKS: What are you willing to do to win?	There is so much excitement and energy after @BernieSanders and @Ocasio2018 came to…
Don't let anyone tell you otherwise. We are making progress in the fight for a $15 minimum wage, healthcare for all and free tuition at public colleges and universities. The struggle continues. https://t.co/0YWH6c5W1V
The millennial generation is the most progressive generation in the history of the United States. It was great to speak tonight at the Tumble Down Festival in Burlington, Vermont! https://t.co/poVVmx4KFa
-@AbdulElSayed has stood with the people his entire life, now it's our time to stand with him and his campaign for Governor of Michigan. Please join in donating to his campaign so we can transform Michigan and transform this country. https://t.co/khFlhFcr1m
RT @AbdulElSayed: Want to join our movement? Here's how you can help us win on Aug. 7th:		🚪 Knock doors if you're in MI: https://t.co/sSon4…
It is time to end Wall Street's stranglehold on Puerto Rico's future, return control of the island to the people of Puerto Rico and give the territory the debt relief it so desperately needs to rebuild with dignity. https://t.co/RRg2dAxkY3
RT @theappeal: .@BernieSanders: “Poverty is not a crime and hundreds of thousands of Americans, convicted of nothing, should not be in jail…
It has always been clear that we have separate criminal justice systems in this country for the poor and for the rich.  Our destructive and unjust cash bail process is part of our broken criminal justice system – and must be ended. https://t.co/KSGzK2D1Hk
RT @AbdulElSayed: .@BernieSanders is a relentless advocate for justice and equality; I'm inspired by the progressive movement he has built.…
Under @AbdulElSayed's leadership Michigan can help lead the nation in guaranteeing health care for all through a Medicare for All single-payer type system, tuition-free public colleges and universities; a minimum wage of $15 per hour and strong environmental protections.
I’m proud to endorse @AbdulElSayed for Governor of Michigan. As governor, Dr. El-Sayed will fight for a government in Lansing that represents all the people, and not just wealthy special interests. https://t.co/L4sXyHeEYr
RT @ShaunKing: I'm so incredibly proud of the bill @BernieSanders introduced today to completely eliminate cash bail on the federal level a…
We must challenge the politics of austerity and the politics of increasing the gap between the richest and the poorest. We can’t afford this level of inequality if we’re to have justice in our society.
RT @washingtonpost: Democratic socialists stage a summertime comeback https://t.co/sbyJt5IMnX
RT @theintercept: Bernie Sanders introduces bill to end money bail https://t.co/49kM1KczIN by @aidachavez
RT @MotherJones: New data shows how Trump administration prosecuted migrant parents with children instead of adults traveling alone https:/…
There is a reason why big money interests are getting nervous and that's because many of our progressive ideas are now backed by the majority of the American public and we are making real progress in transforming the nation. https://t.co/DOnqKHoqQQ
RT @inthesetimesmag: "Workers who are in a union have the ability to have their voices heard and to express their discontent in terms of wo…
RT @washingtonpost: The number of parents potentially deported without their children during the “zero tolerance” border crackdown could be…
Trump and the Republicans sold the American people yet another lie. They said their tax cuts were supposed to boost wages for workers. They haven’t. It merely helped the rich get even richer. https://t.co/WjYwrpj6Gc
RT @OsitaNwanevu: "The Parkland generation is registering to vote in serious numbers in swing states...Young people comprised 61 percent of…
If we can get @JamesThompsonKS and @BrentWelder elected to Congress, these will be elections that will be heard not only all over this country but all over the world. https://t.co/6wEg6YklOS
Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination for Supreme Court justice must be rejected and his far right agenda is completely out of touch with what Americans want. We are not going back to the days when women had to risk their lives to end an unwanted pregnancy. https://t.co/ulo6FK1m1Y
RT @april_mccullum: Doctors join nurses in raising concerns with staffing levels at UVM Medical Center https://t.co/KDm2OdK7HM
This is the wealthiest nation that has ever existed on the face of this planet. It has abundant wealth beyond all of our imaginations. It has the power to cure this country of its economic and social ills if we have the political will to do so.
All across this nation, people are standing up and fighting back against partisan gerrymandering. I applaud the thousands and thousands of activists nationwide who are leading ballot measure efforts for fair maps at the state level. https://t.co/FzpESzqAKN
I am so inspired by the young people in Florida who are getting their generation involved in the political process. This is an example that must be followed all across the country. Please register to vote and help transform this nation! https://t.co/QVvg1Mr1FD
RT @nowthisnews: Bernie Sanders and Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez are teaming up to help progressives across the country https://t.co/BzwT183sJq
The Democratic Party must open its doors, bring new people in, and once again be the party that represents working people, not just the one percent. https://t.co/ez2XTwYEqu
RT @BrentWelder: THANK YOU to our 117 volunteers, incredible, hardworking staff, thousands of friends and supporters, and @BernieSanders an…
RT @thenation: Sanders and Ocasio-Cortez Rally Kansas for a Working-Class Politics That Stands Up to the Kochs https://t.co/sr12QKbi35
RT @FaceTheNation: THIS SUNDAY: We'll hear from the Democratic Duo of @SenSanders and @Ocasio2018 as they campaign for congressional candid…
Our job is to energize the American people and to transform the country. I am so thankful to all of you that are in that struggle with me in Kansas, Vermont and all across the nation. https://t.co/uUeW024C8x
People told me Kansas was a Republican state. It doesn’t look like it. https://t.co/8zcw4rXXKv
It's not Bernie, it's you, and it's us. We all must do our job in waging the political revolution.
Whether you live in Kansas or Vermont or NYC, you know that health care is a human right.
I don’t believe there are red states or blue states. Any state in this country where there are people struggling is a state that is prepared to fight for justice.
Together we're going to make history. We're going to elect @BrentWelder to represent the 3rd Congressional district in Kansas.
“We here tonight still know that Kansas populism is alive and well.” - @BrentWelder https://t.co/0BEISOfsL5
RT @NicholsUprising: “We’re not in Kansas anymore...”		Actually, we are in Kansas, and thousands are out to cheer on #MedicareForAll #Fight…
RT @jmillerlewis: “And they said it wouldn’t work in the Midwest!” - @Ocasio2018 to 3,000 people in Kansas City. https://t.co/8iqQqDQ0Kd
RT @NicholsUprising: Thousands of Kansans cheer a bold challenge to the billionaire class from ⁦⁦@BernieSanders⁩ ⁦@Ocasio2018⁩ ⁦@JamesThomp…
RT @AriRabinHavt: Rally in Burlington or the Bronx for Bernie, @ocasio2018 @JamesThompsonKS Nope that’s Wichita https://t.co/r0FGkQOBXV
RT @Ocasio2018: - 3,000 people gathered in Wichita, Kansas,	- on a Friday at 1pm,	- 3 months before the general election, 	- to support a c…
It's a very packed house in Kansas City tonight for my rally with @Ocasio2018 in support of @BrentWelder for Congress! The issues we fight for are not just popular in Vermont, Queens and the Bronx, they are popular everywhere. https://t.co/Q3ArnhHLF3
Hello from Kansas City where we’re doing everything we can to turn Kansas blue. https://t.co/DxQcVBYiHv
RT @Ocasio2018: Thank you to everyone who came together in Wichita to rally for @JamesThompsonKS!		If we work hard and knock our neighbor’s…
It's an honor to be in Wichita today with @Ocasio2018 to support @JamesThompsonKS for Congress and to see so many people in Kansas energized and ready for progressive change. Watch our rally live! https://t.co/E17DcmNxt4
RT @AriRabinHavt: Alexandria and Bernie get ready for their Face The Nation interview in Wichita, Kansas. https://t.co/RLpht74wO0
RT @MSNBC: Democratic socialism hits the heartland: Ocasio-Cortez, Sanders to campaign in deep-red Kansas https://t.co/NAjHSE5881
RT @TomBeaumont: .@ap: Sanders, Ocasio-Cortez to rally Democrats in GOP-heavy Kansas. The faces of emerging democratic socialist movement h…
RT @NicholsUprising: Seeing quite a bit of support for @JamesThompsonKS in Wichita and the countryside. He’ll be joined Friday by @BernieSa…
RT @theintercept: “People say, ‘How can you win in Kansas on progressive policies?’” said @BrentWelder. “I’ve learned that the only way to…
RT @StephanieKelton: In Wichita. 	Home of @Koch_Industries https://t.co/UEn4lZ3GUB
RT @danielmarans: Toys R Us' 33,000 laid off workers might get severance after all in the company's bankruptcy. The workers' vocal activism…
RT @Sarah_Smarsh: My traveling-construction-worker dad tried to get day off for @SenSanders @Ocasio2018 @JamesThompsonKS rally tomorrow but…
RT @BryanLowry3: .@BernieSanders will be campaigning in Charles Koch's hometown tomorrow.  "I think a defeat of the Koch brothers, if you l…
RT @Ocasio2018: Wow - our Unite for America rally in Kansas tomorrow outgrew the Orpheum Theater in 10 hours!		We have moved to Century II…
Peter Welch has been a progressive leader in Congress in fighting against the outrageously high cost of prescription drugs, standing up for Vermont farmers and understanding that health care is a right, not a privilege. I am happy to support @PeterWelch in his re-election effort. https://t.co/Qg1kKSdolr
RT @Kairos_Center: "Let me be clear: The war on poverty is far from over. There are currently 140 million poor and working people in our co…
RT @JamesThompsonKS: Thank you so much @BernieSanders! We’re pumped to have Sen. Sanders and @Ocasio2018 with us in Wichita tomorrow. It’s…
We live in a time of ruthless domination and subjection from above. We must take on the billionaire class and fight for a society that works for all of us, and not just the privileged few. https://t.co/t461RGwaxK
RT @GideonResnick: The Ocasio-Cortez + Sanders rally for James Thompson in Wichita had to be moved to a bigger venue after the first exceed…
RT @ryangrim: Left Politics Can Win All Over the Country via @thenation https://t.co/vmaHujQuXK
What we fight for is not just popular in Vermont, Queens and the Bronx, it’s popular everywhere. I’m excited to rally in support of @JamesThompsonKS with @Ocasio2018 this Friday in a venue that’s now much larger than we had originally planned for! https://t.co/kOBWXa8Ipi
We are seeing progressive ideas that a few years ago were considered to be radical and extreme and fringe, suddenly becoming mainstream - because working people from coast to coast are standing up and fighting for them. https://t.co/oCTLamFDhv
RT @jjz1600: Democratic Party moves ahead on superdelegate reform, but fight looms over financial transparency &amp; oversight. It’s a Reform w…
RT @JamesThompsonKS: So incredibly honored to be supported by Senator Bernie Sanders @BernieSanders and Alexandria Ocasio Cortez @ocasio201…
RT @jacobinmag: The nurses' strike in Vermont has ended. Their target was a health care model that systematically endangers patients. https…
This week I’m traveling to Kansas with @Ocasio2018 to rally in support of @JamesThompsonKS and @BrentWelder for Congress — two great progressive candidates who will prove our message can win anywhere. https://t.co/3lytkIFW5l
RT @ddayen: “People say, ‘How can you win in Kansas on progressive policies?’ I’ve learned that the only way to win in Kansas is on progres…
I'm honored to be endorsed by @RightsVT for my U.S. Senate re-election campaign. Together we'll improve the lives of Vermonters by working to raise the minimum wage, expanding workers’ rights, and fighting for universal health care and racial equity. https://t.co/FdUgeIiNRW
RT @inthesetimesmag: Bernie Sanders on Labor’s Future and Why Democratic Socialists Keep Winning: https://t.co/o5fIlH3gvm @MilesKLassin htt…
RT @jmillerlewis: Bernie Sanders: Trump’s economy is great for billionaires, not for working families https://t.co/3oNOSQ8E6M
RT @NYTnickc: Inbox: @SenSanders and @Ocasio2018 will campaign together in Kansas https://t.co/oY3MxlV49k
RT @usatodayopinion: From @SenSanders: Don't buy the lies. #Trump and his billionaires might be doing well. But the #economy is not the bes…
RT @MilesKLassin: I interviewed @BernieSanders about how the labor movement can respond to Janus, the popularity of Medicare for All, the s…
RT @BrentWelder: Bernie. Alexandria. One amazing rally.		Friday, July 20 @ the Reardon. Doors open at 5pm. Get your free tickets now at htt…
RT @GideonResnick: Interviewed Sen. Sanders last week before he headed out for his Midwest swing. We talked Kavanaugh, the campaign against…
RT @rweingarten: When West Virginia teachers went on strike, @BernieSanders called immediately and asked the teachers what he could do to h…
RT @thehill: Ocasio-Cortez teaming up with Bernie Sanders on the campaign trail https://t.co/QdugTiNiTF https://t.co/sybFA8FAsb
If we believe in democracy, it’s not just voting every four years, or every two years—it’s about empowering your whole life and having more say in what you do all day. https://t.co/L1RDZK8k4M
RT @GuardianUS: If the economy is 'roaring', why are so many Americans still struggling? | Bernie Sanders https://t.co/8ogZmByD3k
It was great to support @EllisonCampaign in Minnesota, @tammybaldwin and @IronStache in Wisconsin, and @JohnFetterman in Pennsylvania this weekend and to see thousands and thousands of people across the country ready to work for progressive change. https://t.co/uBzX7i8xT9
RT @DurhamGala: “Workers throughout the world must come together to fight for a global economy that works for the many, not just the few.”…
RT @jacobinmag: Bernie Sanders on Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez's victory, Jeremy Corbyn's success, and why his policy agenda is winning in stat…
RT @educationweek: .@TeacherBeat: Sen. Bernie Sanders: Teachers Are Part of the 'Political Revolution' https://t.co/s4XXD9IDAq
RT @PA_Spotlight: Pittsburgh feels the Bern as Bernie Sanders addresses national teachers conference https://t.co/aMtCp70gsf via @TribLIVE
RT @EllisonCampaign: It was great to have my friend @BernieSanders join me and thousands of Minnesotans in Minneapolis and Duluth on Friday…
RT @Innamo: My cousin Kasey worked as a server until she was nearly 9 months pregnant. 		She’s one of the many reasons I fight for working…
I had the pleasure of meeting with two great political revolutionaries @SummerForPA and @Innamo - newly elected members to the Pennsylvania State House. https://t.co/1MxvbeNuH6
RT @AriRabinHavt: “When West Virginia teachers went on strike, @BernieSanders called immediately and asked the teachers what he could do to…
RT @NicholsUprising: Across the upper Midwest, in working-class towns such as Eau Claire, Duluth and Janesville, @BernieSanders has been ca…
RT @AriRabinHavt: Bernie @JohnFetterman @Innamo @SummerForPA @giselefetterman take the stage in Pittsburgh https://t.co/Tt83C6BDq3
RT @JohnFetterman: Sara Innamarato is the first speaker at the Bernie Sanders rally. She unseated a 10 yr incumbent.  https://t.co/5bPTC4Nb…
It's an honor to be standing with @Innamo @SummerForPA and @JohnFetterman today in Pittsburgh. Watch our rally live! https://t.co/s3fl7D1Gtg
RT @jmillerlewis: “Bernie walks the walk. It’s not just rhetorical. When the West Virginia teachers went on strike, Bernie and his office c…
RT @lucyeperk: Now waiting with hundreds of other people for @JohnFetterman’s rally with @BernieSanders. https://t.co/D09LyjSte4
When we are prepared to get involved in the political process, to fight for a progressive agenda, to run for office, to support progressive candidates, there is no end to what we can accomplish for our great country.
RT @BadassTeachersA: Stand up, fight back and create the nation that we know we can become. Standing ovation for @SenSanders #IamAFT https:…
RT @lucyeperk: Sanders cites @Innamo and @SummerForPA as campaigns that are prime examples of this political revolution.
RT @AFTunion: As part of the political revolution, teachers all across the country are standing up and leading the fight. - @SenSanders #Ia…
If Trump can give billionaires tax breaks, yes, we can substantially lower student debt in this country.
RT @AFTunion: When we talk about education, please remember that the top 25 hedge fund managers on Wall St make more money than all the kin…
RT @AFTunion: .@BernieSanders is here at the AFT Convention!  Here he is with @CFTunion and and @hpaeaft members. #IamAFT https://t.co/Bucz…
RT @ShellyAsquith: Forget Trump’s visit - Absolutely amazing to have Bernie Sanders address the huge #DurhamMinersGala via video.		“It’s ti…
RT @thehill: Ocasio-Cortez will campaign with Bernie Sanders in Kansas https://t.co/zls5ht5TAV https://t.co/0rbNKpLmdH
RT @AriRabinHavt: A few people out in Paul Ryan’s backyard in Janesville for @IronStache and Bernie Sander. https://t.co/vDrWmju0Wg
RT @WISNBennyHutch: #BernieSanders takes the stage with #RandyBryce https://t.co/wFyccdDSjP
RT @MariaLangholz: “The only way we make change is when we stand together and fight. ⁦@SenSanders⁩ rallies for ⁦@IronStache⁩ here in Janesv…
RT @WISNBennyHutch: Here’s the line for the #BernieSanders #RandyBryce event in #Janesville, which is supposed to start at 5. https://t.co/…
RT @bfp_news: "We really believe what they are advocating for is necessary and is a minimal standard that should be received and accepted b…
RT @tammybaldwin: Glad I could show you my neck of the woods, @BernieSanders.		(Though we’ll always disagree about one thing, Wisconsin che…
RT @BillGlauber: Big crowd at @tammybaldwin rally with @BernieSanders in Eau Claire https://t.co/EX9cR8lGCm
RT @tammybaldwin: “You can tell how good a Senator is by how much the Koch brothers are spending to get rid of them.” — @BernieSanders http…
RT @BNeidhardt: .@BernieSanders has this crowd absolutely fired up for @tammybaldwin and getting out the vote in November. #wisen https://t…
RT @KWCH12: #BREAKING: @BernieSanders and @Ocasio2018 coming to Wichita next Friday (July 20) to campaign for 4th Congressional District ca…
RT @BNeidhardt: 1000 (!) Wisconsinites are here in Eau Claire to see @tammybaldwin and @BernieSanders.  Massive turnout. #wisen https://t.c…
It is great to be supporting @tammybaldwin this morning in Eau Claire and seeing so many people energized for real change across Wisconsin! Watch our rally live: https://t.co/oagdgSH4dE
RT @tammybaldwin: “I’m proud that leaders like Tammy and Bernie are fighting so hard to make sure every American has access to affordable,…
RT @tammybaldwin: There’s a line around the block for Tammy’s rally with @BernieSanders. See you all soon! https://t.co/aWRhaiyvkM
RT @daveweigel: From the five boros to Wichita: @BernieSanders and @Ocasio2018 are heading to Kansas next week to help two Democratic candi…
Do not despair and give into cynicism. Another world is possible and together we can transform our political system.
I extend my thanks and stand in solidarity with the many Vermonters who marched tonight in support of the striking @VFNHP nurses. We must continue to advocate for an equitable and fair contract for the nurses. #RedForMed https://t.co/0oRODX7Ipz
Please remember that the Supreme Court has huge consequences on our lives:		- Millions do not have Medicaid today because of the Supreme Court.	- Billionaires can buy elections because of the Supreme Court.		We must do everything we can to defeat Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination.
RT @EllisonCampaign: Thanks again to my friend @BernieSanders for joining me today, to help inspire Minnesotans in Duluth and Minneapolis.…
RT @AriRabinHavt: Hello Duluth. Great crowd for Bernie and @keithellison https://t.co/Sq2gt9yojC
RT @EllisonCampaign: Duluth on its feet for @BernieSanders at our rally with Keith. Thanks to everyone who came out to join us! Get involve…
RT @EllisonCampaign: TUNE IN NOW: Keith and @BernieSanders rally at Denfeld High School in Duluth https://t.co/1EcNEVfrBv
It has been truly inspiring to see so many people energized for @EllisonCampaign today across Minnesota! https://t.co/4dVjaeCI8j
RT @EllisonCampaign: The crowd in Duluth is ready for our rally with Keith and @BernieSanders! Hope to see you soon! https://t.co/PIYs7TPn37
RT @democracynow: “The Old Order Is Disappearing”: How Progressive Grassroots Movements Are Sweeping the U.K. &amp; U.S. https://t.co/xByc1FsAd…
RT @jacobinmag: More and more people are calling themselves democratic socialists. That’s a very good thing if you care about the cause of…
RT @jmillerlewis: Bernie Sanders is hitting the road to rally opposition to President Trump's Supreme Court nominee. https://t.co/vGJ6ySzUmU
RT @RevDrBarber: Trump’s White House claims the War on Poverty is “largely over.” This is a lie of the 1st order. Just ask the 140 million…
@AdyBarkan It was an honor to share the stage with you today, Ady. You are an inspiration.
It is past time for @VFNHP nurses to be compensated and treated fairly. Join us in supporting the nurses for a march from the hospital to City Hall Park at 5:30PM tonight! #RedForMed https://t.co/3ARjKitvPU
RT @AdyBarkan: I meant what I said: I may be dying, but I’m definitely not going quietly. 		#BeAHero https://t.co/Hw5l5gBSkg
As Minnesota Attorney General, @EllisonCampaign will be the People’s Attorney and he'll fight to protect the most vulnerable among us. It was an absolute honor to stand with him today in Minneapolis. https://t.co/oOdXO3R2xI
RT @EllisonCampaign: .@FirstAvenue gives a warm Minnesota welcome to @BernieSanders! Thanks to all who came out to rally with Bernie and Ke…
RT @AriRabinHavt: Bernie and @AdyBarkan meet backstage and @keithellison rally in Minneapolis https://t.co/z6ocoKN5FE
RT @EllisonCampaign: Tune in now to watch @BernieSanders and Keith speak at Minneapolis's historic First Avenue  https://t.co/8caD8zCuuw
When Minnesotans go toe-to-toe with powerful, connected, and moneyed interests, they deserve a champion. That’s why I’m proud to be supporting @EllisonCampaign for Minnesota Attorney General. Watch our Minneapolis rally live! https://t.co/8tYWyyK3mB
RT @johniadarola: Majority of Democrats want candidates to be more like Bernie Sanders, poll finds  https://t.co/ymLa8vhX7W
RT @julianrouth: @BernieSanders @JohnFetterman On Summer Lee and Sara Innamorato beating establishment Dems in state House primaries? "What…
RT @EllisonCampaign: The crowd outside is fired up for our rally with Keith and @BernieSanders! Hope to see you soon! https://t.co/faYGlDL2…
RT @MPRnews: Listen: Sen. Sanders on his support of Rep. Ellison's run for attorney general https://t.co/bb7efteHCI
RT @julianrouth: Bernie Sanders’s brand of politics is flourishing in the Pittsburgh area. I talked to him about Fetterman/Lee/Innamorato a…
RT @VFNHP: #WeAreUVMMC Thank you community members for standing with us as we fight for quality care! #BTV https://t.co/Jlgv8nsBdx
RT @lucyeperk: I talked with @BernieSanders today on @905wesa, ahead of his trip to Pittsburgh this weekend. https://t.co/wVYT8kQjei
Solidarity with @VFNHP nurses who went on strike this morning. Nurses are the backbone of a moral and just society and they deserve fair wages. https://t.co/ICvPESyP08
RT @DFAaction: We agree.  Thank you, @BernieSanders and the many progressive leaders &amp; grassroots activists who fought hard for this meanin…
This weekend I’m so proud to be standing with @tammybaldwin and @IronStache in Wisconsin, @EllisonCampaign in Minnesota, and @JohnFetterman in Pennsylvania. Every day in office they’ll fight for the public interest, not corporate interest. They'll represent the many, not the few.
RT @BNeidhardt: "people want candidates like @tammybaldwin who are going to stand up and fight for them and have the courage to take on the…
RT @BillGlauber: Bernie Sanders headed to Wisconsin to campaign with Tammy Baldwin, Randy Bryce https://t.co/CqgKXfhS1Y via @journalsentinel
RT @EllisonCampaign: I'm looking forward to hosting my friend @BernieSanders in the great state of Minnesota for two rallies on Friday, Jul…
Don’t let anyone tell you otherwise. We are making real progress. We are transforming American politics. https://t.co/Af9xRQesMT
It is the people, in open primaries and caucuses, who should determine the Democratic nominee for president - not well-connected "super-delegates." This is an important step forward in making the Democratic Party more democratic and transparent. https://t.co/FC2sFEHjsf
RT @AFTunion: Thank you @BernieSanders for supporting @VFNHP members. These nurses have voted to go on strike. UVM Medical Center needs to…
RT @DanielDenvir: I interviewed @SenSanders about @Ocasio2018's win for @thedigradio: "We are seeing that type of activity all over this co…
RT @Ash_N_McCallum: JUST IN: @BernieSanders to visit #Janesville this weekend to rally for @IronStache 's #WI01 campaign. via @FrankieJosef…
RT @sbauerAP: .@BernieSanders is returning to Wisconsin to lead a pair of campaign rallies for @tammybaldwin and @IronStache on Saturday		T…
RT @tammybaldwin: Exciting announcement: @BernieSanders is coming to Wisconsin to show that he’s on #TeamTammy! Go to https://t.co/IW9XDHOO…
RT @vtdigger: “I find it hard to believe that the hospital has enough money to pay...more than $2 million to the CEO, but doesn’t have enou…
If Brett Kavanaugh is confirmed to the Supreme Court it will have a profoundly negative effect on workers' rights, women's rights and voting rights for decades to come. We must do everything we can to stop this nomination.
In the 2014 midterm elections only 37% of Americans voted. We now have a  reactionary Congress in slavish support of wealthy campaign contributors, making devastating attacks against working families.		Democracy is not a spectator sport. Register to vote. Get involved.
Thank you to everyone who joined us, and happy Independence Day! https://t.co/4ZZnZ68sxk
Spending a day walking in parades, meeting with volunteers, speaking to supporters and Vermonters, and enjoying the beautiful Vermont weather was a great pleasure. I look forward to many more like it this summer. https://t.co/JMhtusM68V
Today, I visited the towns of Warren, Rochester, and Bristol. https://t.co/nXkpcGmxd9
Thank you to all the supporters and volunteers who joined me in yesterday's Independence Day Parade in Montpelier. Meeting and talking to the people of Vermont is the best part of campaigning, and I look forward to seeing many more of you between now and November. https://t.co/vkiY7QXqYp
Congratulations to @lopezobrador_ and the people of Mexico. Our countries must work together to create a continent which creates economic, social, racial and environmental justice instead of divisiveness and xenophobia.
I want to thank all the supporters, volunteers, and Vermonters who joined us Saturday in Waterbury for their annual Independence Day Parade. https://t.co/vyuJU9xWHz
In a nation where corporate media defines what's "acceptable," voter turnout lags behind almost every major nation and billionaires can buy elections, our job is to open the doors of democracy and elect candidates who support economic, social, racial and environmental justice.
This is what the political revolution is all about. All across this country working people and young people are getting involved in the political process, running grassroots campaigns, taking on the establishment and winning elections. https://t.co/M7RopYkhfT
I was very pleased to join friends, supporters, volunteers, and the people of the Northeast Kingdom at Newport’s Centennial Celebration earlier today. Thank you to the city of Newport for the kind invitation and warm reception. https://t.co/nwXvlzkjPF
“In a modern, moral and wealthy society, no person in America should be too poor to live.” –@Ocasio2018
The people of Maryland understand that we can most effectively oppose Donald Trump's extremism with strong progressive leadership at the state and local level -- and there are few progressives stronger than @BenJealous.
Congratulations to @BenJealous on his great victory tonight! Ben showed that running a progressive, issue-oriented campaign can bring all working people together in the fight for justice.
Congratulations to @Ocasio2018  on her extraordinary upset victory tonight! She took on the entire local Democratic establishment in her district and won a very strong victory. She demonstrated once again what progressive grassroots politics can do.
CO, NY, MD, MS, OK &amp; UT: If you haven't voted yet, get to your polling place &amp; make your voice heard! When we stand together and fight, we can elect real progressives to every level of government - progressives like @BenJealous, @richardbrunomd, @Joe4COAG &amp; @EmilyForCO.
There's a reason why Nikki Haley has tried to discredit the UN report on poverty in America. It's because in the wealthiest country in history, millions are living in abysmal poverty, have no health insurance, can't afford prescription drugs and can't find affordable housing.
When you represent the billionaire class and have nothing relevant to say to working families, the only way you win elections is by suppressing the vote and making it harder for ordinary people to participate in our democracy. https://t.co/chcnhVTeMS
Now is not a time for despair or resignation. It is a time for the American people to fight back on every front.		https://t.co/IE0T7iil9c
Trump's pathological dishonesty is undermining American democracy, is setting a terrible example for our children and is isolating us from our democratic allies around the world.
Honest people can have philosophical and political differences and, in a democracy, we debate those differences.  That's a good thing. Today, however, we do not have a president who discusses ideas or debates issues. He simply lies all the time. And that's a very bad thing.
The rally in Washington will start at 10 a.m. on the Mall at 7th Street.
What @RevDrBarber and @UniteThePoor are doing is bringing Americans together to stand up and fight for change in their communities. Join them tomorrow. https://t.co/1cGk8nlalZ
Jane Kleeb is doing a great job.  If Democrats are going to compete and win in all 50 states we need more state party chairs like her. https://t.co/FrFfgQd2tq
The Trump administration policy of separating children from their parents at our border is a national disgrace. Kids are being ripped away from their parents and put in cages. Parents are being sent back without their kids. This is a moral abomination. It can and must be stopped.
RT @AriRabinHavt: Big crowd for @BernieSanders and @BenJealous in Silver Spring Watch live: https://t.co/bzTMeyNAy9 https://t.co/tY1Zl67Lcs
It's time to make public colleges and universities tuition-free. https://t.co/2fyMXN5qjW
I am proud to support @BenJealous in his campaign for Governor of Maryland. Ben is a proven leader running a truly progressive campaign - I hope you join me in supporting him. https://t.co/ofgxMjZ7PJ
We need district attorneys and prosecutors who understand that their job is not just throwing people in jail but fighting for justice. https://t.co/U3zNlLETmv
RT @reformlajails: If you didn't get a chance to watch the event yesterday, check out our re-stream from yesterday with  @BernieSanders , #…
RT @shawneebadger: Thank you so much for coming to speak to Disneyland cast members @BernieSanders @SenSanders! When guests forget we are r…
Violence and murder by the state is not a civilized act. We must abolish the death penalty.
$30,000: The cost to send a California student to UCLA		$75,000: The cost to send someone to prison in California		Maybe, just maybe, we should be investing in education rather than locking kids up.
We have one system of justice for the wealthy and another for the poor. We have one system of justice if you are white and another if you are black, brown or Native American. #RealJusticeLA
@ShaunKing Thank you, Shaun. But at the end of the day it’s not Bernie. It’s us. Change will only come from millions of people standing together.
RT @ShaunKing: @BernieSanders Who you are, what you do, who you fought for, and where you were during the #BlackLivesMatter movement means…
We claim to have justice for all in this country. That would be naïve to believe. We have one system of justice for the wealthy and another system for the poor and people of color. https://t.co/UQKhamiAkG
RT @GoodJobsNation: "I go hungry most days" - Glynndana Shevlin, Disneyland worker w/@UNITEHERE11. #StopDisneyPoverty #RaiseTheWage
RT @Fightfor15LA: "While working at #Disneyland I've been evicted twice, I live on one meal a day. I work in one of the most beautiful room…
Recently, Disney CEO Bob Iger did the right thing and cancelled Roseanne after her racist tweet. 		I say to Mr. Iger: you have another opportunity to lead. Stand with working families by paying all your employees a living wage and making health care a right, not a privilege.
In the year 2018, no one in America, especially those working for a profitable corporation like Disney, should be homeless or not be able to feed their families. #StopDisneyPoverty
You want to know what is radical? A company like Disney that makes $9 billion in profits while nearly 75% of its workers at Disneyland can’t cover their monthly living expenses.		Paying your workers a living wage is not a radical idea.
We are here at Disneyland to say loudly and clearly to the CEO of Disney: Pay your workers a living wage, not a poverty wage! Your greed must end.		Watch our live town hall: https://t.co/R00C3awLWd
While Disney’s CEO makes up to $423 million:		- 1 in 10 Disneyland workers have been homeless in the past 2 years	- More than 2 in 3 are food insecure	- 3 in 4 don’t make enough money to afford basic needs		This isn’t what Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck are supposed to be about.
RT @unitehere: Live from Anaheim! #stopdisneypoverty roundtable getting ready to start soon, with host @SenSanders. Disney workers from @un…
RT @GoodJobsNation: TWICE: Bernie Sanders will go live with us today to protest wage theft by port truck companies AND demand a living wage…
I was pleased to be joined by so many Vermonters in the Essex Memorial Day Parade today. Memorial Day is a time to honor those who made the ultimate sacrifice in defense of our country. We will never forget them. https://t.co/gnbFPOMbpa
RT @lcmoser: RT to remind folks to VOTE today! https://t.co/ToJ2KB2I9L https://t.co/c0AmEa3S7s
RT @staceyabrams: Today's the day – It’s Election Day! Starting at 7 AM, voters across Georgia will begin casting ballots to choose the dir…
But today, I wanted to let you know that it was my intention to run again for the Senate, and to ask if you could help us reach some modest fundraising goals we need to fund this grassroots campaign. You can do that here:		https://t.co/GJJBNfJoWe
It is my intention to run a strong grassroots campaign throughout Vermont and I look forward to your support.
But being anti-Trump and anti-Republican is not enough. We need to continue our fight for a progressive agenda which will take on oligarchy, and improve the lives of working people throughout our country.
If reelected, you can be sure that I will continue to be the fiercest opponent in the Senate to the rightwing extremism of Trump and the Republican leadership.
These are frightening and unprecedented times. We have a president who is not only a pathological liar, but someone who is trying to win votes by dividing our nation up based on the color of our skin, our country of origin, our religion, our gender or our sexual orientation.
I have some important news to share, and I wanted you to hear it from me: Today, I am announcing my intention to run for re-election to the United States Senate in 2018.
RT @ShaunKing: Los Angeles &amp; All of SoCal!		The free tickets for this amazing event I’m co-hosting on Saturday, June 2nd w/ @BernieSanders…
By allowing cheaper imported drugs into the state, we have taken a great step in the fight for health justice.
I am proud that my home state of Vermont has chosen to allow importation of drugs from Canada. The goal of a sane health care system in this country should be to keep people well, not to make stockholders rich.
In 1999, I became the first member of Congress to take constituents over the Canadian border to purchase low-cost prescription drugs. Working class women, struggling against breast cancer, were able to purchase the same medicine they were using in Vermont for 1/10 of the price. https://t.co/KncFATEKSE
RT @staceyabrams: So grateful for Senator @BernieSanders’ endorsement. We’re excited you’re on our team to move Georgia forward. United, we…
I am proud to support @JohnFetterman for Lieutenant Governor and @edwardsforpa, @jessforcongress, and @RichLazerPHL for Congress. Polls close at 8 p.m. Find your polling place here --&gt; https://t.co/hs8oeARPXv
Pennsylvania: today you have a chance to support some true progressives who share our vision for the future.
RT @RichLazerPHL: Proud to have the endorsement of @BernieSanders in #PA05 -- I look forward to fighting alongside him for working families…
Bernie just returned from a campaign swing with these candidates. Turnouts at each of the rallies was great, and energy levels were high. - Bernie Team
Thanks to all the people who have provided support for progressive Pennsylvania candidates like John Fetterman, candidate for lieutenant governor; Jess King, candidate for Congress in the 11th district and Greg Edwards, candidate for Congress in the 7th district.
If we are going to turn this country around politically, we need to do well in states like Pennsylvania.
RT @AriRabinHavt: . @edwardsforpa agrees with Bernie - we’re not going to let Republicans cut Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. http…
RT @jessforcongress: AMAZING crowd this morning in Lancaster city for our rally with @berniesanders! ♥️🇺🇸 #allofus #pa11 https://t.co/aGbAU…
Watch: Rally with John Fetterman https://t.co/qs3E6iNK7U
In Vermont, the first Saturday in May is Green Up Day! Vermonters from all over the state will be getting together to clean up their community. Please connect with a local group near you this Green Up Day. 		https://t.co/5RgAzN66hg
Pete D’Alessandro grew up in a union household and he has spent his life fighting for people. Now, we need him in Congress. https://t.co/zjZYrkZu1t
RT @jacobinmag: Bernie talks with Jacobin Radio's @DanielDenvir live! 		A round table on criminal justice reform streams Friday, May 4 at 2…
RT @JohnFetterman: This Friday, May 4th, @BernieSanders is joining me in #Philadelphia to rally for a Pennsylvania that leaves no one behin…
RT @EmilyForCO: GREAT NEWS: I've just been endorsed by the @AFLCIOCO! So honored to have this support as I campaign for workers' rights, pa…
RT @jessforcongress: This Saturday, May 5th, @BernieSanders is joining me in #PA11 to rally for an America that works for all of us. 		RSVP…
In Seattle, officials recently announced that they have filed a motion to vacate all convictions and drop all charges for marijuana possession for anyone arrested in the city in the past few decades. This is progress. Much more needs to be done.
A number of states are now rethinking the "war on drugs" and are either decriminalizing possession of marijuana or making it legal.
We are finally beginning to win some major victories in reforming our broken criminal justice system which has destroyed so many lives.	https://t.co/eFCLu5XJ8e
Instead of spending billions on jails and incarceration, we need to invest in our teachers and our schools. Instead of tax breaks for billionaires,  we need universal childcare, high quality public education and free tuition at public colleges and universities.
Congratulations to the teachers of West Virginia, Oklahoma, Kentucky and Arizona for helping to lead this country forward. In a highly competitive global economy, a nation which does not educate its children properly will fail.  		https://t.co/8mUPdu3zbe
This is not about ME. This is about US. The truth is that the agenda we are fighting for is not only becoming the agenda of the Democratic Party, it is becoming the agenda of America. We are making great progress. Let's keep going forward.	https://t.co/4NFcxKgOpF
Neither democracy nor the Democratic Party is well-served when some 700 super-delegates can ignore the will of their constituents and largely control the results of the Democratic Convention. https://t.co/VqLWP6iu38
RT @mic: .@BernieSanders wants to tackle the #opioidcrisis by attacking it from the top down: by punishing every single Big Pharma CEO who…
Oregon - Make sure you're registered to vote in the May 15th primary. Registration ends Tuesday (tomorrow), April 24th.	https://t.co/PDYjChbU1w
Thank you to the people around the country fighting to make health care a right. Change does not happen overnight, but it does happen when millions of people stand up to demand it. https://t.co/eyTExLgUsX
RT @VanJones68: This Saturday -- Set your DVRs! @BernieSanders &amp; @CecileRichards joins The #VanJonesShow on @CNN at 7PM ET!! https://t.co/W…
Our political revolution means getting real progressives to run for office at every level, in every state, and in every county. When we stand together and fight, we can accomplish anything. https://t.co/DnWEDZ17ww
RT @vicenews: Bernie Sanders has a plan to save the postal service	https://t.co/goA1vHy2Jn https://t.co/4CgaqDcmyL
RT @BoldProgressive: "We started the campaign by developing a progressive agenda that said that we are going to deal with the disgrace of h…
RT @BoldProgressive: Who’s ready to hear from today’s keynote speakers @ElizabethforMA and @SenSanders?? Watch live here: link	https://t.co…
RT @briebriejoy: In my newest piece for @NYMag, I cover how southerners, rather than the pundit class, responded to @SenSanders's recent tr…
It's unfortunate that some have so degraded our discourse that my recognition of the historical significance of the Obama presidency is attacked. https://t.co/rRc2KVl8Cl
Thank you @ChokweALumumba for hosting a great town hall last night. We can, we must and we shall overcome the forces of greed and injustice that are holding us back. https://t.co/UXj3DxO5QD
RT @TheRevAl: Marching in Memphis marking the Memphis Sanitation Workers Strike w/ Martin Luther King lll, Senator Bernie Sanders, Lee Saun…
RT @trymainelee: Bernie Sanders addressing crowd of thousands gathered at AFSCME hq to commemorate Dr. King’s legacy. Sanders calls for dou…
I want to thank the teachers across the country who are saying loudly and clearly that taking care of our kids and schools is more important than giving tax breaks to billionaires and large corporations. https://t.co/nT7pbBBnox
I very much look forward to seeing our friends in Jackson tomorrow night, along with @ChokweALumumba to hold a town meeting on where we go in terms of social and economic justice 50 years after the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. https://t.co/mP6tSDUIob
We have got to take the fight for economic, social, racial, and environmental justice to every county in every state in this country. https://t.co/8NxfzSyCog
RT @mehdirhasan: “We need to talk about inequality” - the first episode of my new podcast, Deconstructed, is out, featuring @BernieSanders.…
RT @DukeChronicle: @BernieSanders will now speak at Duke with Rev. William Barber II on April 19: https://t.co/0nYuQhNAW8
Congratulations to @ChuyForCongress, @ortizstaterep, @AlmaAnaya7th, @beatrizforjudge &amp; @Delia4StateRep. The political revolution will happen when people decide to stand up, fight back, get involved, and run for office. That is exactly what these IL candidates did today.
RT @thenation: Bernie Sanders Wants to Tell the Story That Corporate Media Fails To https://t.co/eEh2YxfD0w
RT @thenation: Bernie Sanders Wants to Tell the Story That Corporate Media Fails To https://t.co/yUoxNl2VxU
RT @GdnInequality: The corporate media ignores the rise of oligarchy. The rest of us shouldn't | Bernie Sanders https://t.co/t8anXYUedx htt…
RT @nowthisnews: 'The time is now, for all of us together, to stand up to the NRA and to pass commonsense gun legislation' - Bernie Sanders…
Arizona, if there was ever a time in the modern history of this country where people have got to stand up and fight back, this is the moment! https://t.co/OkbWUZUiuH https://t.co/sOOYtsN9sQ
Pathetic that President Trump attacked smart and compassionate @RepMaxineWaters -- both traits alien to him.
We’re here to bring the Dodgers back to Brooklyn. https://t.co/V5Zrqir9cw
With a few tweaks I think @YasielPuig had 30 home runs in him this year. https://t.co/sPqphKlOi3
The rumors are true. I am trying out for the Dodgers. https://t.co/U1DuGOeLdX
If we can transform politics in Texas, we can do it in every state in America. Thank you, Lubbock! https://t.co/ComSKMasql
Watch live here: https://t.co/eFKOtrS7Ab
I've never believed in this blue-state, red-state nonsense. Yes, Lubbock voted overwhelmingly for Trump. But any county in this country, which has people who are struggling, can and must become a progressive county. https://t.co/FdpJnywgw1
Assault weapons are military weapons designed to kill human beings. They should not be sold in this country.
Our message to Donald Trump, perhaps our most important message, is that we will not let bigots divide us up. Regardless of race, religion, gender or sexual orientation, we are going to stand together.
If Texans are prepared to work hard, stand up, fight back, talk to people who voted for Trump, make sure that every friend you have comes out and votes — yeah, I believe that Texas can go blue. https://t.co/zxlTSQpYKR https://t.co/miLZ5dZR64
RT @AustinChronicle: Jake Tapper interviews Sen. Bernie Sanders during an early keynote at #SXSW 2018.		📷: @JanaB04 https://t.co/jepTkre8Gc
.@Marie4Congress has made it clear that she will be a champion for working families. I'm proud to support her campaign. Marie will fight for Medicare for All, a $15 minimum wage, and providing workers with paid sick leave, while protecting Medicare and Social Security.
Pastor Tillman, your work as well as all of those I met in Flint is extraordinary. I look forward to continuing to work with you. https://t.co/vCqifwXMcp
We should not be selling assault weapons in this country. These weapons are not for hunting. They are military weapons for killing human beings.
RT @taxmarch: ICYMI: @LittleMissFlint spoke out for so many kids yesterday:		"To the grown ups in Washington, I want to make it clear that…
Thank you Mari for joining us today. https://t.co/m25h9z9nQ9
RT @AriRabinHavt: Another view of Bernie's rally in Lansing https://t.co/V9VYwQW08b
Watch our rally in Green Bay, Wisconsin with #NotOnePenny &amp; @TaxMarch tonight at 8pm EST on https://t.co/dWgRIKgZX1 https://t.co/D2hC5Udn5z
Saying hello to the people in the Milwaukee Public Market. https://t.co/UixX8oyTTX
No one, including Clinton, should ever face meddling from foreign government https://t.co/bMKOAGVQAw
The findings of Robert Mueller's investigation must be taken seriously at every level of government, and he must be allowed to investigate without any interference from the White House or Congress.
Mueller's indictment provides further evidence that the Russian government interfered in 2016. It also shows that they tried to turn my supporters against Hillary Clinton in the primary and general election. I unequivocally condemn such interference.
The key issues now are: 		1) How we prevent the unwitting manipulation of our electoral and political system by foreign governments.	2) Exposing who was actively consorting with the Russian government’s attack on our democracy.
As someone who campaigned hard for Hillary Clinton from one end of this country to another, it is an outrage that she had to run against not only Donald Trump but also the Russian government.
What the Russians did in the 2016 election cycle deserves unconditional condemnation. That includes all of their conduct - whether it was active support of any candidate or active opposition to any candidate.
RT @sxsw: Senator @BernieSanders will sit down with @CNN's @jaketapper for a conversation at #SXSW 2018! https://t.co/36K5eOxi9Y https://t.…
It is absolutely imperative that the Mueller investigation be allowed to go forward without obstruction from the Trump administration or Congress.
It has been clear to everyone (except Donald Trump) that Russia was deeply involved in the 2016 election and intends to be involved in 2018. It is the American people who should be deciding the political future of our country, not Mr. Putin and the Russian oligarchs.
RT @RollingStone: Is a progressive revolt brewing in West Virginia? https://t.co/KZs3EuyIUD https://t.co/2iO4t9IFQt
Reg E. Cathey was a voice of the political revolution, and someone I had the honor of working with during my 2016 campaign. He will be greatly missed. Jane and I send our deepest condolences to his family and friends. https://t.co/UWHwHcQODM
RT @nowthisnews: Here's why this Canadian doctor supports @BernieSanders' plan for universal health care https://t.co/NRMLLgUHCy
RT @andrewkimmel: "@realdonaldtrump, one of the great scientists of our time, has determined after years and years of exhaustive study that…
RT @emilyhholden: @BernieSanders: My request of you is please get involved in the political process. Start running for office. You can do i…
RT @powershiftnet: .@BernieSanders: The days of the fossil fuel industry are numbered. But we need *everyone* to come together if we are to…
RT @danielmarans: In era of Donald Trump, @BernieSanders sees "the beginning of a political revolution" https://t.co/Drb0eVQsZa
I will not support any spending bills as long as Trump and Republican leadership refuse to address the crisis they precipitated when they took away the legal status of 800,000 Dreamers.
Today, our government is controlled by the most extremist, reactionary, xenophobic, bigoted, and thankfully, in many ways the most inept and incompetent administration in modern American history. https://t.co/w1UYWsDMcV
RT @latinovictoryus: TOMORROW: @BernieSanders. Latino resistance. You. Tune in here tomorrow morning: https://t.co/9AeFxDn2Jh https://t.co/…
RT @MarkRuffalo: Livestream the #PeoplesSOTU TONIGHT at 8pm ET: https://t.co/ADTWe9AAUr Celebrating the #ResistanceMovement and charting a…
Pete has spent his entire career fighting for working families and as a champion of progressive values, and I'm convinced that he would be an unwavering advocate in Congress for the people of Iowa. https://t.co/Xoa0yBOPJh
RT @viceimpact: .@BernieSanders on why it's time to make college tuition free. Here's how it is going to happen: https://t.co/Sytekdur7a ht…
RT @IronStache: I’m going to the State of the Union next Tuesday with @MarkPocan to hold @SpeakerRyan accountable, work boots and all. 		He…
RT @latinovictoryus: We're honored to be joined by @BernieSanders at our Latino Political Summit on Tuesday, January 30th. 		We need to wor…
RT @RepGutierrez: $25 billion as ransom for Dreamers with cuts to legal immigration and increases to deportations doesn’t pass the laugh te…
RT @weatherchannel: Vermont’s seemingly spacey climate change goals are putting the rest of the country to shame. #USofClimateChange https:…
People are more determined than ever to build a nation based on love and compassion, not hatred or division. Congratulations to the women around the world who are once again sending a powerful message of solidarity today. #WomensMarch2018
RT @peoplepower: .@BernieSanders: We need to face the crises facing this country, including Trump's self-made crisis of ending DACA. It is…
RT @Morning_Joe: Coming up: @BernieSanders https://t.co/fYVsGRUGF7
RT @guardianopinion: Let’s wrench power back from the billionaires | Bernie Sanders https://t.co/PGibSEvVPB
Republicans in Congress must now summon the courage to stand up to the racist ramblings of our "stable genius" president. Democratic and Republican senators must continue efforts to produce a bi-partisan Dream Act to be voted on by the Senate as part of the overall budget deal.
RT @DukeChronicle: U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders is coming to Duke Jan. 19 for a public forum with Rev. William J. Barber II: https://t.co/0nYuQ…
RT @PostOpinions: It’s on Republicans to stop a shutdown https://t.co/Fxt8X7gv2T by @berniesanders
I had the honor of getting to know Erica and I was inspired by the commitment she made working towards a more just world for her children and future generations. She was a fighter for justice and will not be forgotten.
Though Erica didn't ask to be an activist, she responded to the personal tragedy of seeing her father die while being arrested in New York City by becoming a leading proponent for criminal justice reform and for an end to police brutality.
Erica Garner was an exceptional young woman. She was a loving daughter, sister, mother, friend. Jane and I send our deepest condolences to the entire Garner family and to all those she has impacted.
RT @IronStache: If we defeat @SpeakerRyan and swing the massive arm of change back toward working people, even a little, it will be worth t…
If I were the Republicans, I would worry very much about 2018.	https://t.co/UQcWla7pST
RT @CNNPolitics: Sen. Bernie Sanders: The new tax bill is "a disaster for the American people" https://t.co/2M9d8cGKii https://t.co/h9R6wft…
RT @nytopinion: .@SenWarren &amp; @BernieSanders: Will congressional Republicans work with Democrats to pass a budget that supports working peo…
RT @IronStache: Hey @SpeakerRyan. Word on the street is that before we've even gotten into the ring, you’ve had enough. Give me a call. I’v…
My thoughts on last night’s election in Alabama: https://t.co/6HtPQczR3Q
RT @GetUSCovered: YOU HAVE TWO DAYS LEFT TO SIGN UP.		Go to https://t.co/p8DQwo89C7 right now and sign up for affordable health coverage be…
RT @washingtonpost: Opinion: Democrats have a chance to revive the party. Will they seize it? https://t.co/c3nMxZtcdv
Congratulations to @GDouglasJones for his great victory.  Congratulations to the people of Alabama for doing what few thought they would do. This is a victory not just for Jones and Democrats.  It is a victory for justice and decency.
Alabama, you have extraordinary power today. By voting for @GDouglasJones, you can stop the Republican Party's plan to usher in major cuts to Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid. https://t.co/TdlRoTmZRX
The Democratic Party will not become a vibrant and successful 50 state party until it opens its doors widely to the working people and young people of our country.  I am extremely pleased that the Unity Reform Commission has begun that process.
RT @ninaturner: I’m here in Dayton, Ohio w/ @BernieSanders bringing the message to the people! We are on the move. #GOPTaxBill @OurRevoluti…
The Republican tax bill is a moral abomination that would take away from so many in need to give more to people who already have it all. #TaxDebate
Attacks against trans people are part of a bigotry which has got to end. We must work together until hatred and discrimination truly have no place in our society. #TDOR
RT @viceimpact: .@BernieSanders on why it's time to make college tuition free. Here's how it is going to happen: https://t.co/SytekdcQfC ht…
RT @politico: Tim Kaine calls for eliminating superdelegates https://t.co/9wT14ztIrq https://t.co/ntqurvzzb2
RT @VICE: Bernie Sanders’s socialist revolution is happening, very slowly: https://t.co/SCJvacI8CW https://t.co/cc3ZPb4GKr
I hope and expect that the United States will assist in disaster relief efforts for Iran, as we did in 2003 and 2012. At a time of growing tension between our two countries, this would be an important act of friendship.
The devastation from the earthquake in Iran last night is horrific. My thoughts are with the victims, their loved ones and the communities that must cope with this catastrophe. https://t.co/qLwADPjmKm
RT @IronStache: I’m a union ironworker from Caledonia, Wisconsin. A Veteran. Cancer Survivor. I build things with my hands to put food on t…
Progressives didn’t just say no to Trump. They offered an agenda to make our country work for everyone not just the top 1%. https://t.co/t4yPALeCTE
At a time when Trump and the Republican agenda are strongly opposed by the American people, it's critical we come together and reform the Democratic Party. https://t.co/F2pCdPBfJd
RT @JessicaGlenza: Ban Ki-moon calls for US to enact universal healthcare (like @BernieSanders proposal) and stop “powerful interests” from…
Many people who had not previously been involved in politics won local positions this week. That is what the political revolution is all about. https://t.co/lPA8Rj9GVC
The political revolution we're fighting for is to get more people involved in the political process, to run for office and to vote. We're seeing that happen.
I want to congratulate everyone who won yesterday – from governorships to the many first-time candidates who won positions in state legislatures, city councils and school boards.
Yesterday was a referendum on President Trump, and he lost badly. It’s clear the American people are deeply concerned about his policies and efforts to divide our country up.
It’s Election Day in NYC. Get out and vote for @BilldeBlasio and Democrats up and down the ballot. https://t.co/z50hRyRolC
It’s #ElectionDay, New Jersey. Get out and vote for the Democratic ticket. Then ask your friends to do the same. https://t.co/OXv5faw46k
Atlanta, it’s time to get out and vote for @fortforatlanta. #ElectionDay Find your polling place here: https://t.co/yudlkEz2Fb
It’s #ElectionDay. Get to the polls, bring your friends and vote for the Democratic ticket. Every vote counts. https://t.co/c9UEDRaYBJ
It’s Election Day in Virginia. Get out and vote for the Democratic ticket.  Find your polling place here: https://t.co/I0CblDT2J5
RT @guardian: Bernie Sanders warns of 'international oligarchy' after Paradise Papers leak https://t.co/Ovx7keSdVG
RT @latimes: Bernie Sanders: As president, Trump is doing the exact opposite of what he promised on the campaign trail https://t.co/ZRY0Qot…
My thoughts are with the victims of Sutherland Springs and their loved ones. No community should have to face such a senseless tragedy.
Instead of more tax breaks for Wall Street, we must make public colleges and universities tuition-free by taxing Wall Street speculators.
Instead of giving more tax breaks to corporate tax evaders, we should rebuild our nation’s infrastructure by closing offshore tax loopholes.
Instead of more tax breaks for billionaires, we must demand the wealthiest people in this country start paying their fair share of taxes.
RT @nowthisnews: .@BernieSanders asked what it meant to be free – and every American needs to hear the answer https://t.co/scG9LPnEh2
My thoughts are with the victims of today’s horrific attack in Manhattan and their loved ones. https://t.co/1zCNc5PiTK
RT @BilldeBlasio: .@BernieSanders: Brothers and sisters, on Election Day, let’s re-elect Bill de Blasio and show the world what this great…
I was proud to endorse @BilldeBlasio tonight. He is leading the city in a way that brings people together to make a better life for all.
RT @CTVToronto: WATCH LIVE: Bernie Sanders speaks about the Canadian health care system at U of T	https://t.co/oL2vsTGnas https://t.co/6jOJ…
RT @rbecker51: San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulín Cruz y Sen. @BernieSanders discussing short term y long term solutions for rebuilding Puerto Ric…
RT @tammybaldwin: READ: Tammy Baldwin and Bernie Sanders fight economic inequality and fiscal irresponsibility		https://t.co/AWX3w2U3A1
RT @BilldeBlasio: Throughout his life, Sen. @BernieSanders has fought for change for working Americans. Join us at a campaign rally: https:…
RT @AC360: Sen. Sanders on Trump's tax plan: "It is a Robin Hood proposal in reverse...it must be defeated" #CNNDebateNight https://t.co/VQ…
RT @CNN: Tonight at 9 ET, Sens. Ted Cruz and Bernie Sanders go head-to-head on tax reform in #CNNDebateNight https://t.co/r5VG1xWjLx https:…
Why would any country sign such an agreement with the U.S. if they knew a reckless president might simply discard it a few years later? https://t.co/Ly37pM1UKu
Trump might be unaware that Puerto Rico is part of the US, but Congress must move as quickly as possible to pass a disaster relief package.
RT @KillerMike: I support fortforatlanta a @berniesanders endorsed Dem and long time state legislator.  No… https://t.co/wP41oYDPFi
RT @viceimpact: .@BernieSanders: We must make public colleges and universities tuition free https://t.co/kg977Jvwri https://t.co/CEkOVvXGCn
We can't go back to the days when women didn't have access to birth control because of income. We must keep fighting for women’s rights.
President Trump has repeatedly demonstrated how little respect he has for women. This is more of the same. https://t.co/Lw3MHaFdr5
I am deeply disturbed by the inadequate federal response to the devastation caused by Hurricane Maria.
As American citizens, Puerto Ricans are entitled to the same response as people of Texas, Florida and elsewhere hit by natural disasters.
RT @JStein_Vox: GOP has proposed $5 trillion in unspecified cuts. 		@BernieSanders ran numbers on what some of that might look like: https:…
The Republican budget ignores the needs of ordinary Americans but it bends over backwards to protect the interests of the wealthiest.
RT @GetUSCovered: Hey, Twitter! Open enrollment on https://t.co/p8DQwo89C7 opens 11/1—and we're here to help you #GetCovered.
Congratulations to Mayor-Elect @WoodfinForBham for running a great grassroots and winning campaign. I look forward to working with him.
Birmingham – today is the day. @WoodfinForBham is fighting for real progressive change. Get out the vote and make your voice heard. https://t.co/4sbeYSbkQW
Politicians who gerrymander districts to unfairly gain political advantages are undermining our democracy. https://t.co/Wnn8w452fB
We must do everything we can to stop guns from falling into the hands of people who shouldn't have them and save innocent lives.
There have been more mass shootings than days this year. It is long, long overdue for Congress to take action on gun safety.
My thoughts are with the families and friends of the victims and all those wounded in the horrific Las Vegas shooting.
RT @ThisWeekABC: .@BernieSanders: Everything Sec. Mnuchin said about GOP's proposed tax plan is "dead wrong." https://t.co/t8FB56gmzy #This…
RT @RoseAnnDeMoro: .@NationalNurses is sending RNs to #PuertoRico! 🇵🇷		VOLUNTEER SIGN UP: https://t.co/4Ax3NotU34		DONATE TO RNRN: https://…
Republicans' budget would cut Medicare by at least $450 billion, but would give billionaires, including the Trump family, huge tax breaks.
At a time of massive inequality, the Republican budget takes from the middle class and those in need, and gives huge tax breaks to the rich. https://t.co/CzwH8FEaVP
RT @CNNSotu: Join us this Sunday to hear from Senator @BernieSanders on #CNNSOTU with @jaketapper https://t.co/IiMtBsY4nO
RT @glamourmag: Take it from a new mom: Universal health care would mean freedom, especially for women. https://t.co/34adw7rpnQ https://t.c…
RT @thinkprogress: Money well spent: Powerful interests invested in tax reform, would reap benefits under the GOP plan https://t.co/a2gTQA4…
RT @PPact: Another fact: Planned Parenthood is the only full service birth control provider in 105 counties. #HealthCareDebate https://t.co…
RT @PPact: Lori lives in @SpeakerRyan's district. Here's what would happen in his district without Planned Parenthood. #HealthCareDebate ht…
RT @NomikiKonst: .@LindseyGrahamSC &amp; @BillCassidy want to take maternity care coverage away from 13 million women. #HealthCareDebate
RT @joshfoxfilm: If Republicans pass their "health care" bill thousands could die each year. That's a disgrace.	#HealthCareDebate
RT @WaywardWinifred: It is cruel and immoral to say to millions of Americans, “We're taking away the health insurance that keeps you alive.…
RT @CNN: Tonight on CNN: Senators have a live #HealthCareDebate about the future of Obamacare. 9pm ET. https://t.co/Rktxz78Ssp https://t.co…
No Republican should vote for this disastrous “health care" bill, and if they do, they will pay a very heavy political price for that.
Do everything you can to get the word out all over the country. Flood the phones. No Republican should vote for this.
Even with Senator McCain’s opposition to the Republican health care bill, our own opposition is not over. https://t.co/JIvXqcNy1p
RT @nikhilgoya_l: .@berniesanders just delivered the most progressive foreign policy speech by a major politician in modern history https:/…
RT @FOX2now: Bernie Sanders gives American foreign policy speech at Westminster College in Fulton, MO https://t.co/unDCO79v2S
RT @jimmykimmel: If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121 https://t.co/eswlh6B…
RT @SenGillibrand: Do not let the Senate GOP rip health care away from millions. Contact your Senators today and tell them to oppose the Gr…
Make no mistake: thousands will die unnecessarily if the Republican #GrahamCassidy health care bill becomes law. It must be stopped.
RT @chifightfor15: .@BernieSanders knows that it's better to show up than to give up #FightFor15 https://t.co/e5KBu13hmG
RT @GoodJobsNation: In D.C. tomorrow? Don’t miss your chance to see @BernieSanders! Join us: https://t.co/iUFycY6oGn #OffshoreNoMore #Picku…
We must work toward making health care a right. But right now our job is to save our current system which Republicans are trying to destroy.
RT @brianschatz: They won't stop until the end of September. We cannot stop until the end of September. https://t.co/ONTMMgmh68
Until we put patients over profits, our health care system will not work for ordinary Americans. #MedicareForAll https://t.co/J48Dr5jR6K
RT @shailenewoodley: How can the United States stand to be the only major country on earth that doesn't guarantee health care to all people…
RT @nowthisnews: Here's why this Canadian doctor supports @BernieSanders' plan for universal health care https://t.co/ojgtso4lcT
A great nation is not judged by its billionaires, but by its compassion. https://t.co/uv0VgPITue
RT @RepRaulGrijalva: #MedicareForAll is not a radical idea - it's the healthcare system that every other advanced country has in place.
RT @docdanielle: "I wish that all of my American neighbours could experience the same simplicity in their moments of need." Supporting #Med…
RT @ColeLedford11: Not only have Senate Semocrats stopped Obamacare repeal, but they are now fighting to cover even more people.		Incredibl…
RT @KamalaHarris: “You cannot have justice in this country when millions of Americans cannot get access to health care.” —@CoryBooker #Medi…
RT @benwikler: "This is a defining moment in the character of our country." @CoryBooker #MedicareForAll https://t.co/SiZd5zJlSv
RT @ErinSchrode: The smartest, most effective, economical healthcare strategy is prevention. Right now, we have a failing sick-care system.…
RT @KamalaHarris: All of us are standing up and saying "Let's just do what's right." #MedicareforAll
RT @Public_Citizen: Why do we need #MedicareForAll? One in three Americans had a cost-related access to health care problem in the past yea…
RT @frankthorp: Bernie has packed the room where he's unveiling #MedicareForAll (same room as the Comey Hearing) --&gt; https://t.co/3frGv0eyo9
RT @activist360: We're the only modern nation that's brainwashed ppl into believing health care is not a human right https://t.co/cgxBZCdvZ…
How can the United States stand to be the only major country on earth that doesn’t guarantee health care to all people? #MedicareForAll
RT @NationalNurses: "This system is killing too many of my patients" - Melissa Johnson-Camacho, RN. Healthcare is a right! Let's make it ha…
RT @benwikler: "You should not have to be stuck in a job you don't want just because it provides decent healthcare for your family" – @Bern…
RT @NationalNurses: "It is immoral that anyone profits off of another person's need for health care," says Melissa Johnson-Camacho, RN. #Me…
RT @Alyssa_Milano: I am a citizen co-sponsor for the #MedicareForAll Bill! You can be too! Sign the petition here: https://t.co/6bDOkx5wFT
RT @RoseAnnDeMoro: Oncology nurse, Melissa: "It is immoral for anyone to profit off people who need care. Profit is made when care is denie…
RT @JordanUhl: People having to forego anesthesia during painful procedures because they can’t afford it should illustrate the necessity of…
Universal health care is a reality in dozens of countries around the world. It just makes sense for the U.S. to do the same. #MedicareForAll
RT @RoKhanna: #MedicareForAll would mean that the 1-in-5 low income Americans who are uninsured will be able to see a doctor. https://t.co/…
RT @KamalaHarris: “This system is killing too many of my patients. Let’s put an end to a system that puts profits before people." #Medicare…
RT @ErikaAndiola: Momentum is growing for #MedicareForAll! Great to be here to witness this historic moment with @BernieSanders. Healthcare…
RT @benwikler: Oncology nurse: "for cancer patients, #MedicareforAll could be the difference between life and death." https://t.co/t3q3u3LP…
RT @RepBonnie: It's time for medical bankruptcy to be a thing of the past.  #MedicareForAll
RT @CBSNews: WATCH LIVE: Sen. Bernie Sanders to unveil his “Medicare for all” health care plan https://t.co/sMNASgaTRl https://t.co/bX6Y5VK…
RT @NomikiKonst: 🐴🐴🐴in the 🏠#MedicareForAll https://t.co/zIfaP1dRcc
It’s an injustice for millions of people to be one illness away from financial disaster. We need #MedicareForAll.
RT @thenation: .@BernieSanders just released his single-payer healthcare bill and sat down to talk with us about it. https://t.co/LMXCauIina
Most Americans want universal health care. What are we waiting for?	https://t.co/15tfQjQqDh
RT @nytopinion: .@BernieSanders: I have heard from Americans who have shared heartbreaking stories about our dysfunctional system https://t…
I've been criticized for saying this, so let me repeat it: Yes, health care is a right of all people.
RT @SenGillibrand: If you believe every American should have good, affordable health care, join me in supporting Medicare for All. https://…
RT @KamalaHarris: Later today, I’ll stand alongside @BernieSanders and 14 of my Senate Democratic colleagues to introduce Medicare for All…
Thank you @tammybaldwin. I am proud to be in the fight for Medicare for all with you. https://t.co/yKkpYRkUpe
RT @CoryBooker: Quality health care should be a right not dependent on wealth—that's why I'm cosponsoring the Medicare for All Act: https:/…
RT @JeffMerkley: We need a seamless health care system that delivers better care. That's why I’m cosponsoring @BernieSanders' #MedicareForA…
RT @SenGillibrand: Health care is a right, not a privilege. This week, I'll proudly join Senator @BernieSanders to co-sponsor Medicare for…
@elizabethforma Thank you @elizabethforma. The momentum is on our side. Let's make health care a right. https://t.co/r7BxbFi7cs
RT @Residente: En Washington DC junto a @berniesanders en una charla sobre las nuevas leyes anti emigrantes impuestas por el gobierno actua…
Labor Day is a time to remember that for hundreds of years unions have led the fight for equal rights and economic and social justice. https://t.co/JQuIKnFBmx
RT @SenKamalaHarris: Health care is a right. RT if you agree.
RT @CBSThisMorning: AHEAD on @CBSThisMorning: Senator @BernieSanders joins us live. Turn on @CBS. https://t.co/DIgL5eD5E5
We stand with everyone undergoing oppression and suffering tonight, with people living in fear of white supremacists and neo-Nazis.
We stand with the immigrant families who are scared to death, to young people on the DACA program for whom America is their home.
My thoughts are with all those affected by Hurricane Harvey. Stay safe and find assistance here: https://t.co/HNzDm6acNh
By pardoning Sheriff Arpaio, President Trump has once again made clear where he stands: on the side of racism and discrimination.
RT @FaceTheNation: SUNDAY: We'll hear from Sen. @BernieSanders as he continues to travel to red states to win over GOP voters https://t.co/…
RT @fightfor15: .@BernieSanders is in! He's joining us to #FightFor15 and #union rights for all workers on Labor Day! 		RSVP TODAY: https:/…
We're live in Portsmouth, Ohio, talking with locals about the opioid crisis. Join the conversation in the comments:	https://t.co/6wkxdUxVbN
LIVE: Join Bernie for a town hall in Ohio to talk about our priorities on health care, wages and infrastructure: https://t.co/6wkxdUxVbN
RT @evanmcmurry: .@BernieSanders in Indianapolis: "We're not going to rebuild the shrinking middle class unless we rebuild the trade union…
RT @ABCPolitics: .@BernieSanders: "What an embarrassment it is that we have a president who cannot condemn in unequivocal terms" white supr…
We defeated the disastrous Republican health care plan. Now we must work together to guarantee health care to all. https://t.co/4uGxKpz73S
WATCH LIVE: Bernie speaks at the @GoodJobsNation rally in Indianapolis to call on Trump to protect workers: https://t.co/w5j1FVh7Hm
I am heading to Indiana, Michigan and Ohio this week to make one simple point: ALL Americans are entitled to health care as a right.
RT @FortuneMagazine: An exclusive op-ed from Senator @BernieSanders: "Why Medicare-for-all is good for business" https://t.co/eVEGmr0VEZ
Join me, Chuck Jones and @GoodJobsNation today in Indianapolis to stand up for good jobs and livable wages: https://t.co/tIABiB9cNC
We must now stand together as a global community to address the threat of terrorism and resist efforts to divide us up.
My thoughts are with the people of Barcelona, the victims of this horrific terror attack and their families.
Immigrants should have a rational path toward citizenship, not just a dark corner to hide in. We must vigorously #DefendDACA.
RT @ajjaffe: "The long-term solution to the healthcare crisis in America is to make Medicare available to all" @BernieSanders says @ senior…
RT @guardian: Most Americans want universal healthcare. What are we waiting for? | Bernie Sanders https://t.co/XHcswiLYGq
The best way for us to truly honor her memory is to make sure that, every day, we continue that struggle.
Heather sacrificed her life in the fight for social and racial justice. She will not be forgotten.
Our condolences go out to the family of Heather Heyer who was killed by a terrorist as she protested Neo-Nazism and white supremacy.
As hate crimes and hostility toward minorities surge, now more than ever we must stand against those who threaten our brothers and sisters.
My thoughts are with those in the Charlottesville community and around the country who have been targeted.
The white nationalist demonstration in #Charlottesville is a reprehensible display of racism and hatred. This has no place in our society.
Bottom line is: if other countries around the world are providing quality health care to all their people, we can do the same.
RT @laurenegambino: Bernie Sanders pushes universal health plan in wake of Republican repeal failure https://t.co/HQkf0uosB3
RT @mic: .@BernieSanders writes for @Mic: It's time for Congress to step up and fix youth unemployment https://t.co/iAQyTDC81Y https://t.co…
RT @CNNSotu: Make sure to watch this Sunday for @jaketapper's exclusive interview with Sen. @BernieSanders only on #CNNSOTU https://t.co/J7…
Republicans are about to vote to let 20,000 Americans die without health insurance. Think about that.
The vote to proceed on the 'health care' bill is a step toward passing the most dangerous and destructive legislation in our modern history.
RT @guardian: Bernie Sanders and Al Gore on solving the climate crisis https://t.co/BVkeEZmvhG
John McCain is a hero, one of the most respected senators and a friend. The hopes and prayers of the nation are with him and his family.
RT @TheView: AHEAD ON @THEVIEW: Sen. @BernieSanders shares his #PoliticalView — and meet the man behind the biggest movie dance scenes, @Ke…
RT @TheView: TOMORROW ON @THEVIEW: Senator @BernieSanders joins the ladies live to talk the battle over health care and much more! https://…
In this country we should not be throwing millions off of health insurance. We should be guaranteeing health care for all as a right.
This is a great victory for the millions who stood up and fought back. I congratulate everyone for their hard work. https://t.co/sieen0V1Sa
A great nation isn’t judged by how many billionaires it has, but by how we treat the most vulnerable among us.
@BenJealous Ben has proposed a progressive agenda that can bring together working people across the political spectrum and create real change in MD.
@BenJealous The most important thing we can do to fight Trump’s destructive agenda is to elect strong progressive leaders at every level of government.
I am pleased to endorse @BenJealous for governor of Maryland. He’s had a lifetime of courageous activism and can speak to every community.
RT @nowthisnews: Bernie Sanders makes a passionate argument for why universal health care is 'long overdue' https://t.co/VEOmtx47qV
Thanks to Obamacare, William can’t be denied health insurance because of his pre-existing condition. Republicans want to change that. https://t.co/C2Vtsztri8
The Republican health care bill is an insult to the American people. It belongs in a garbage can.
Yes, this bill will be a disaster for working families. But what’s important to @SenateMajLdr is that the top 1% in this country want it.
How could it be that @SenateMajLdr could be working so hard to destroy legislation which benefited his own state more than any other?
We're in Kentucky to tell Mitch McConnell: do not take health care from 22 million to give tax cuts to billionaires. https://t.co/lFy2j2md95
A great nation is not judged its number of billionaires or the tax breaks they get. It's judged by how we treat the most vulnerable.
When workers in West Virginia have two or three jobs to stay alive, you don’t take away their health care to give billionaires tax breaks.
West Virginia’s overdose death rate is the highest in the U.S. We need more funding to address the crisis—not nearly $800B in Medicaid cuts.
What kind of country are we when anyone could think about cutting help to disabled kids in order to give tax breaks to billionaires?
This legislation is fatally flawed. No small tweak here or there will undo the massive damage it will cause to West Virginia and the nation.
How can you draft a bill of such enormous magnitude without one public comment from experts who are most knowledgeable about health care?
@SenCapito: In America we’re not supposed to take from the most vulnerable people in order to give massive tax breaks to billionaires.
While the middle class is shrinking, we will not be part of a process which takes from those families to give even more to the very rich.
Join us in telling Sen. Capito that we will not allow 22 million Americans to be thrown off their health insurance. https://t.co/6PrHcI6XCy
Join me tomorrow Morgantown, West Virginia, to tell Republicans not to take away the health care of millions:	https://t.co/FbVSh2ImM5
Thank you @DonnaFEdwards for sharing your story. The issues you raise are true for people all across America. https://t.co/2nXtY8sVZo
@SenateMajLdr The bottom line is this bill is a disaster for America but an even greater disaster for Kentucky and other states that voted for Trump.
@SenateMajLdr Further, if McConnell's legislation is passed thousands of Kentuckians would no longer be able to receive treatment for opioid addiction.
Unbelievably, when Kentucky has made huge progress on health care, @SenateMajLdr would throw over 230,000 Kentuckians off health insurance.
Join me for a rally in Kentucky on Sunday to make your voice heard in the fight to protect our health care: https://t.co/zVy0RT6IIy
How could any Republican senator vote to destroy the Affordable Care Act when it has helped so many of their constituents?
RT @PramilaJayapal: Seventeen years ago, I celebrated my first Independence Day as a United States citizen. My story in @nytimes: https://t…
Happy 4th of July! https://t.co/n4vu6U3hd6
Happy Independence Day! Read the Declaration of Independence here: https://t.co/ok5mwYLHlr
We may disagree on where to go with health care, but there should at least be open debate. Not just decisions made behind closed doors.
Let's not forget that Sen. McConnell still refuses to hold one hearing on the health care bill that would throw 22 million off insurance.
RT @RevDrBarber: It's immoral that we're even having a conversation about taking away healthcare from millions of Americans.
RT @GdnUSopinion: American healthcare is in crisis. We must fight for the real needs of the people | Bernie Sanders and James E… https://t.…
Remember this is the wealthiest country in history. We should not have children in poverty. We should not have people without health care.
People who can't afford health care do not deserve to die.
The CBO analysis of the disastrous Trump-McConnell health care bill gives us 22 million reasons why it should not see the light of day. https://t.co/CZTBw3tsuY
RT @Clyburn: @BernieSanders &amp; I will announce legislation today on Community Health Centers. #ACA #ProtectOurCare
RT @laurenegambino: Bernie Sanders rallies opposition to Republican healthcare reform plan https://t.co/CsNRYNTD2y
RT @MoveOn: "Health care must be a right for ALL." Thank you @BernieSanders #ProtectOurCare
We are in Columbus to say to Sen. Rob Portman: "Vote NO on the health care bill. Do not take away our care."	https://t.co/biObhUTJdL
Join me in Charleston today to tell Republicans they must stop the attack on our health care:	https://t.co/arEfpoIjdO
If this legislation was to pass, there is no question that many thousands of our fellow Americans could die unnecessarily. https://t.co/8DpjrJRmFO
Here's a crazy idea: We should join the rest of the world and guarantee health care to all, rather than take it away from 23 million people.
Senator Pat Toomey, we are here to say, "This is a barbaric and immoral piece of legislation. Vote NO!" https://t.co/OM7IqMqGvj
Watch live as we rally from Pittsburgh to stop the Republican campaign to take away millions' health care:	https://t.co/7OXYag2fDR…
RT @MoveOn: We'll be streaming live at our first #ProtectOurCare rally stop w/ @BernieSanders at 7p et tonight! Tune in here: https://t.co/…
Join me tonight in Pittsburgh to tell Republicans loudly and clearly to stop the attack on our health care:	https://t.co/eTrQCp55gN
Please call on California Speaker @Rendon63rd to reverse his decision &amp; let the Assembly VOTE on SB 562 - the single-payer health care bill! https://t.co/FsGGxZ7Tmp
RT @MoveOn: SAT @BernieSanders heads to #PA to #FightForHealthcare. Demand @SenToomey #ProtectOurCare. MORE: https://t.co/fe1Ayt3VWu https:…
Let us be clear and this is not trying to be overly dramatic: Thousands of people will die if the Republican health care bill becomes law.
RT @MoveOn: #OH #ProtectOurCare rally w/ @BernieSanders will be on #MoveOn's Facebook live! HERE: https://t.co/owisivX7xx https://t.co/f5ha…
RT @MoveOn: #WV #ProtectOurCare rally w/ Bernie Sanders will be on #MoveOn's Facebook live! HERE: https://t.co/E6PA1J0CFv https://t.co/9tSd…
Republicans' bill has nothing to do with health care. It’s an enormous transfer of wealth from working people to the richest Americans.
RT @voxdotcom: Bernie Sanders explains why Trump is so dangerous https://t.co/7pcdD8hIyQ https://t.co/iiseByTDhj
The Affordable Care Act should be improved. But the answer is not to throw 23 million Americans off of health insurance.
You're not improving health care when you defund Planned Parenthood and deny millions of women their provider of health care.
RT @MorningEdition: Sen. Bernie Sanders: "Why are we the only major country on Earth not to guarantee health care to all people?" https://t…
Our criminal justice system is profoundly broken and has failed African Americans over and over again. We need major reforms.
We must demand a justice system that values black lives, not one that takes innocent black lives. https://t.co/5GAbrMFyxN
Our prayers go out for a full recovery of Rep. Scalise, the congressional aides and police who were injured. We’ve got to stop the violence.
If Democrats are prepared to stand up to the greed of the billionaire class, the party will stop losing elections. https://t.co/wt9hgF0Lq0
What are Republicans hiding? A bill to take health care away from millions of Americans. https://t.co/T3jC1rOGCd
We need a governor like @tomperriello who will fight for the progressive values we support. Virginia, go vote! https://t.co/zlZF7ylP4j
The movement for economic, racial and environmental justice is not just growing here in the U.S. It is growing worldwide.
RT @julianzelizer: Why @BernieSanders was right. Here is my take on @CNNOpinion https://t.co/28pQqftlyH @EarlyStart @NewDay @CNNnewsroom
Thank you to @NationalNurses for organizing the People's Summit. This is the political revolution. Let's go forward together. https://t.co/MAv3teIWUr
The Democratic Party must decide which side it is on. It cannot be the side of Wall Street, fossil fuels and the pharmaceutical industry.
Trump spare us the lies and hypocrisy. Don't tell us you're a friend of working families when you make huge cuts to life or death programs.
We have shown that even in very red states strong progressives can do better than anyone imagined and we can win in any state in America.
Thanks to @NationalNurses the California Senate passed single payer. It's up to the House &amp; governor to transform heath care in California.
It's not Bernie. It's you. We are in this together. We always have been and always will be. #PPLSummit
@jeremycorbyn People in the U.K., the U.S. and elsewhere want governments that represent all the people, not just the 1%.
@jeremycorbyn All over the world, people are rising up against austerity and massive levels of income and wealth inequality.
I am delighted to see Labour do so well. I congratulate @jeremycorbyn for running a very effective campaign.
RT @benwikler: Everyone should watch and share this heartbreaking @dscc ad on the GOP health care bill over and over. https://t.co/Tfdlk6rh…
Looking forward to joining so many great progressive leaders at the @pplsummit in Chicago this weekend.
RT @NationalNurses: Press Release: @SenSanders to Headline at Big Gathering of Progressive Activists in Chicago https://t.co/khG56q0ZmJ #pp…
RT @JStein_Vox: New report by @BernieSanders details what happens in private partnerships crucial to Trump infrastructure plan 	https://t.c…
@PresidentIRL Pres. Higgins, a member of the Labour Party, has been a lifelong advocate for workers' rights, women's equality and the needs of refugees.
Jane and I were honored to meet with @PresidentIRL when we were in Dublin. We really enjoyed our discussion which touched on myriad issues. https://t.co/PZzDf3VztJ
After such attacks, we must resist efforts to divide us up by race, religion or nationality. We can overcome these challenges together.
There’s no justification for this despicable violence. We must stand together as a global community to address terrorism and other crises.
The horrific attack in London, where I was yesterday, was another outrage committed by fanatics. My thoughts are with the people of London.
RT @RoseAnnDeMoro: VICTORY! Thank you CA Senators! We are leading the nation 🇺🇸		CA is another step closer to guaranteed #healthcare! #SB56…
With or without the support of Trump and the fossil fuel industry we must transition rapidly away from fossil fuels to renewable energy.
Withdrawing from the Paris climate agreement would be a horrific mistake. This extraordinary crisis calls out for international cooperation.
RT @RevDrBarber: I'm going to jail to #SaveOurHealthcare. We shall not be moved! #MoralMovement #MoralAgenda https://t.co/5Csm6zqgeB
We owe a debt of gratitude to all veterans who have defended our country and to the families of those who paid the ultimate sacrifice.
RT @nowthisnews: Bernie Sanders won't stop fighting to raise the minimum wage — and now he's got major support in Congress https://t.co/a5v…
Rob Quist is standing up for working families in Montana. Let’s do everything we can to bring out the vote tomorrow. https://t.co/n6l7LHLuhZ
RT @MSNBC: Bernie Sanders on Trump's Budget Plan: 'Grotesquely immoral': https://t.co/XGGHQ9ZYzc https://t.co/xqZweorfNR
RT @danielmarans: .@BernieSanders says @realdonaldtrump budget exposes president as fake populist https://t.co/6M7vlvXrRg via @HuffPostPol
The reality is that the budget that Trump has proposed would break virtually every promise he made to the working people of this country.
This is not a budget for working families and the middle class. It is a budget for the billionaire class and it must be soundly defeated. https://t.co/LOZkLC26BC
If there is large voter turnout on Thursday, Rob is going to pull off a major upset and win this election. Let’s bring out that vote!
Rob Quist is standing up for working families and fighting for an economy and government that works for all, not just the billionaires.
RT @larrywilmore: Don't forget to subscribe and listen to my last ep. with Bernie Sanders. And of course I didn't forget Cosby! https://t.c…
Is it possible for ordinary people to come together and defeat a candidate of the millionaires? Montana can do it on Thursday.
RT @AriRabinHavt: Pre Butte rally @BernieSanders and @RobQuistforMT shoot some hoops https://t.co/BoKdvE3W7Y
Yes. We need to go forward on the Trump investigations. But we must also address the reality that there is a lot of pain in this country. https://t.co/DeVEnJjqz1
RT @RobQuistforMT: Retweet so everyone knows: Bernie's coming to Montana THIS WEEKEND! 		RSVP here: https://t.co/Gu80nnc4oz https://t.co/rI…
Congratulations @Krasner4DA. This victory is an important step forward in the fight to reform a very broken criminal justice system. https://t.co/EV4TPuWMnB
For whatever reason, I believe Donald Trump doesn't fully understand what being president is all about. #CNNTownHall
RT @CNNPolitics: Sen. Bernie Sanders: "This is a sad day and a sad period” https://t.co/kOtSad7Slr
RT @TheLeadCNN: A #CNNTownHall: White House In Crisis with @BernieSanders and @JohnKasich airs at 10p ET on CNN https://t.co/0VMQLtq2J8
RT @CNN: A #CNNTownHall: White House In Crisis with @BernieSanders and @JohnKasich airs at 10p ET on CNN https://t.co/Qx0F5TEXmY
It’s time for Republican members of Congress to work with us in demanding that Trump be held accountable for his actions.
Now more than ever we need a special prosecutor to determine whether there was collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia.
RT @DanaBashCNN: #CNNtownhall with @JohnKasich &amp; @BernieSanders is now at 10p ET - focused on latest WH bombshell(s)
RT @CNNMoney: Tonight at 9p ET: @BernieSanders and @JohnKasich face off for #CNNDebateNight. Watch: https://t.co/WnrMUxFDuf https://t.co/nJ…
If there was ever a time for a generation to be bold and to think big, to stand up and to fight back, it is now. https://t.co/y7Yt1qt54P
RT @ABCPolitics: .@BernieSanders tells Class of 2017 grads: "You just cannot look away. You have got to be involved." https://t.co/xtnbieVk…
I'll be on @CNN at 6:20 PM ET to discuss Trump's decision to fire FBI Director James Comey.
What is Trump afraid of? Why did he want to stop Comey's investigation? We need an independently appointed special counsel to tell us that.
RT @tammybaldwin: I’ve teamed up with @BernieSanders to help keep pensions for up to 10 million American workers. Read about our bill: http…
RT @CarterCenter: Pres. Carter &amp; @BernieSanders will speak here tonight at 6:20. This will be broadcast on Facebook LIVE. Are you...
Congratulations to the people of France who today, by an overwhelming vote, rejected racism and xenophobia.
RT @allinwithchris: Trump says Australia's (single payer) health care system is better. @BernieSanders: "Thank you Mr. President" https://t…
Our job now is to rally millions of Americans against this disastrous Republican bill to make sure that it does not pass the Senate.
The Republican “health care” bill is a disaster. It has nothing to do with health care and everything to do with tax breaks for the wealthy.
Today we defend the Affordable Care Act. Tomorrow we fight for a Medicare-for-all, single payer system.
RT @PPact: #GOP leadership is determined to force their new #ACArepeal bill through the House. It’s up to us to stop them→https://t.co/muja…
People who can’t afford health care do not deserve to die. I don’t know how we can make it any clearer than that.
How can you call something "health care reform” when millions of people lose their health insurance?
Trump's belief that climate change is a "hoax” isn't just embarrassingly stupid, it’s a threat to our entire planet. https://t.co/Ev1nDgr7Jp
Congratulations to all those participating in the #climatemarch. We will fight Trump who thinks climate change is a "hoax."
RT @SeaTimesOpinion: Op-Ed: Sens. Patty Murray and Bernie Sanders crusade for national $15 minimum wage. https://t.co/v00ME5muB7 https://t.…
Despite all the bombast and populist rhetoric, Trump is just implementing the right-wing Koch brothers ideology. https://t.co/nP7AVikP5g
RT @billmckibben: We owe our planet this #climatemarch--and a certain amount of hope	https://t.co/wpJwwEl1ZH
RT @CBSNews: "What concerns me right now is these incredible tax breaks that Pres. Trump and Republican leadership are proposing," @BernieS…
No, @realDonaldTrump. Giving huge tax breaks to billionaires is not standing up for working families.
RT @CBSThisMorning: TOMORROW ON @CBSThisMorning: @BernieSanders joins us at the table in Studio 57 https://t.co/DwsSCcUE8j
RT @billmckibben: Watching @SenJeffMerkley @BernieSanders @GreenForAll @yeampierre et al introduce bill for 100 pct renewable. Future is co…
RT @keithellison: On the same day Democrats were rallying around a $15 minimum wage, the @GOP unveiled a massive tax cut for corporations a…
We will not rest until every worker in America has the fundamental right to make at least $15 an hour.
RT @danielmarans: Bernie Sanders and Democrats are introducing a new $15 minimum wage bill https://t.co/WYJXaBcqCR via @HuffPostPol
RT @NationalAction: Bernie Sanders will be addressing the #NANCONV2017 on Friday. Join us by registering for free https://t.co/05CWxaUALf h…
RT @LateNightSeth: We’re back with a great week of shows: Jason Sudeikis, @Caitlyn_Jenner, James Spader, @BernieSanders and more! https://t…
Republicans love to talk about "family values.” Do they care that we have the highest rate of childhood poverty of any major country? https://t.co/kLKkwyMKEp
Mr. Trump: instead of scapegoating the undocumented, work with us to provide a path toward citizenship.
RT @PPact: Today, @CecileRichards rallied with grassroots activists and supporters in Las Vegas. #FightBack @SenSanders @TomPerez https://t…
Thank you @CecileRichards for being with me in Las Vegas today.
Women in this country will control their own bodies. Not the United States government.
For too long the Democratic Party has turned its back on a lot of states in this country. @Tomperez being in Utah says those days are over. https://t.co/J9AspwGsIx
if you think you don't know enough to run for office, just take a look at what's going on in Congress. Trust me, you can do it. https://t.co/knopp87SV0
I applaud the energy and activism in @ossoff's campaign. His victory would be an important step in fighting back against Trump's agenda.
We need to have the guts to address the issues of Little Haiti, Liberty City, and struggling communities all over this country. https://t.co/akNhYO2mMH
How many yachts do billionaires need? How many cars do they need? Give us a break. You can't have it all.
RT @NebraskaDems: The man who energized progressive grassroots in Nebraska, @SenSanders!  #ComeTogetherFightBack https://t.co/kaggSRrSC6
Our job now is to involve millions of people into the political process who previously were not involved. https://t.co/zOyUQKy5eh
Today I taped a special with @natgeo in Little Haiti, Miami, a community dealing with devastating problems. Their resilience is inspiring. https://t.co/hJpCYo6Apb
In the richest country in the history of the world, our people should not be living in such despair and hopelessness. https://t.co/gPlfCZLenI
Miami - It's time for us to come together and fight back. Join me tonight at 7 pm. https://t.co/eJoBN38WiR
RT @KyDems: .@BernieSanders: "In this country, the economy belongs to all of us, not just a handful of billionaires."  #ComeTogetherFightBa…
You don't stand with workers when you propose massive tax cuts for the rich and take health care away from millions of Americans.
You don't stand with workers when you propose massive increases in military spending but cut back on programs for the elderly and children.
Donald Trump said he would stand with the working people of this country. Good speech but unfortunately it wasn't true.
We need to make the Democratic Party a party not just for the east coast and west coast but a party for all 50 states.
I want to talk about a radical concept. It's called democracy. It's about government of the people, by the people and for the people.
It's time for us to come together and fight back. We're live at a rally in Louisville, Kentucky. Watch here: https://t.co/uoDoPsprwU
RT @maryaliceparks: Perez and Sanders event in Louisville live here: https://t.co/8BRBHv8W8h
RT @mic: .@SenSanders @TomPerez Tonight, @SenSanders &amp; @TomPerez will tackle the future of democracy in a roundtable discussion. Tune in at…
Today, I joined @mic for a roundtable in Frankfort, KY, to discuss our country's future. Tune in at 9pm tonight at https://t.co/zlUg1nryNf https://t.co/pg5lcYjOOR
The line is already forming at the Palace Theater in Louisville ahead of tonight's rally. https://t.co/NlcPEjDDir
Rob Quist is a populist, grassroots candidate fighting for the working families of Montana. I look forward to campaigning with him in May.
.@RobQuistforMT understands we need a government that works for all Montanans and Americans, not just special interests and billionaires.
RT @NavigatingTrump: We're hosting a roundtable with @BernieSanders and @TomPerez in Frankfort, KY on their #fightback tour across America.
I wouldn't have phrased it the way this young man did, but yes, the insurance companies will not like my Medicare-for-all program. https://t.co/UL10seNKQo
We need to revitalize American democracy in this country and turn the Democratic Party into a grassroots, bottom up, 50-state party. https://t.co/dCOZx29KjX
RT @MaineDems: Tonight's the night! Bernie Sanders &amp; Tom Perez speak @ State Theater at 7. Get in line early, folks! #mepolitics https://t.…
RT @CNNSotu: Join us this Sunday for @jaketapper's exclusive interview with Sen. @BernieSanders only on #CNNSOTU https://t.co/1gkHvHg2Rw
RT @MSNBC: Bernie Sanders: Dems will win if we mobilize &amp; educate https://t.co/X6edhHYyTm https://t.co/GpQoQq1NnV
.@JamesThompsonKS The entire country now understands that grassroots America is standing up and fighting back against the 1% and that the momentum is with us.
I want to congratulate @JamesThompsonKS and the progressive community in Kansas for running a great campaign.
The election results in Kansas show that people are catching on to the fact that Donald Trump is doing the opposite of what he promised.
RT @JamesThompsonKS: The momentum is on our side. The country is watching. Let's shock 'em all. Let's WIN this thing! (2/2) #RESISTANCE #In…
Our military budget is larger than the next 12 nations combined. We do not need to spend more. We need to take care of our people.
RT @TomPerez: .@BernieSanders &amp; I are hitting the road next week from Maine to Nevada, and we want to see you. Sign up for info: https://t.…
It is easy to go to war with other countries. It is not so easy to comprehend the unintended consequences of that war.
The goal of a health care system should be to keep people well, not to make stockholders rich.
RT @nowthisnews: NowThis exclusive: @BernieSanders on the fight to make college affordable for all Americans https://t.co/8jT7dfE66K
RT @tomperriello: Big news: @BernieSanders will join us on the trail in Va. on Thurs for a Fairfax rally. Hope to see you all there! https:…
RT @ChrisMurphyCT: It's time to revolutionize the higher ed in America. That's why I joined @BernieSanders to introduce College for All htt…
RT @SenJeffMerkley: Started to #HoldTheFloor at 6:46pm. It’s now 6:46am. 12 hours later, still speaking out to #StopGorsuch. Tune in: https…
Women are making 81% of what men make and for women of color it’s even less. That's nothing but sexism and discrimination. #EqualPayDay
I oppose the nomination of Neil Gorsuch. I can't support giving a man with his views a lifetime seat on the Supreme Court.
RT @PeterHamby: Today's Good Luck America: Inside the Resistance w @BernieSanders @KillerMike @CecileRichards @IndivisibleTeam https://t.co…
.@tomperriello Tom was the first major statewide candidate in VA to run on a $15 minimum wage &amp; moved criminal justice reform to the forefront of the race.
.@tomperriello .@tomperriello is standing up to fossil fuel corporations in opposing two fracked gas pipelines that would cut across Virginia.
Now more than ever we need people in elected office who will fight for working families. That’s why I'm pleased to endorse @tomperriello.
My parents' dream was that if they worked hard as parents they'd see their kids go to college. We must keep that promise to every family.
In a global economy we need the best educated workforce in the world, not the one where people cannot afford a higher education.
We need to educate all our people in order to address the crises facing us. The way to do that is making higher education affordable to all.
RT @thenation: Bernie Sanders Just Introduced His Free College Tuition Plan https://t.co/qFEU2otoyR
A student who studies hard gets hit with insurmountable debt, yet bankers who crashed our economy got a bailout. How does that make sense?
Real change will not be led from Washington, DC. It will be led at the grassroots level in 50 states.
Remember: defeating Republicans’ Obamacare repeal was just the start. Our job is to keep fighting for affordable health care for everyone.
Ordinary people are taking matters into their own hands to transform our energy system, with or without Washington's help. That matters.
Despite the disaster of the Trump presidency, our progressive ideas are winning. https://t.co/Pa5dfVCMhB
Mr. Trump: We have come too far in this country in overcoming racism, sexism, xenophobia and homophobia to go back.
38 years ago, the top 0.1% owned about 7% of our nation’s wealth. Today, that same 0.1% owns 22% of the wealth.
This is the United States of America. We should not have the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any major country on earth.
Republicans have the money, but we have the people. And when we organize we are going to create the nation we all know we can become.
The American people don't believe we should throw millions of people who have been here for years, raising their kids, out of this country.
We are going to take on the billionaire class and transform this country so it works for everyone not just the 1%. https://t.co/7fw0sgAhrI
Unbelievably, 20 Americans own as much wealth as the bottom half of America. One family, the Waltons, owns more wealth than the bottom 42%.
RT @Newsweek: How Bernie Sanders’ ideas are winning in the Trump era https://t.co/9y7mc82PFH https://t.co/4DkCh4cijs
Trump’s executive order is a threat to the wellbeing of our country and the entire planet. You can't run a government by rejecting science. https://t.co/C6EnoweZqz
We now must take on a horrific Republican budget and efforts at "tax reform" which means huge tax breaks to billionaires and corporations.
We must be clear. This important victory against the Republican health care plan is not the end of our work. It is the beginning.
RT @allinwithchris: Joining @chrislhayes tonight: @BernieSanders and @MMFlint #inners https://t.co/9oCLcbav5d
This is a major victory for working families and everyone who attended rallies and town hall meetings in opposition to this disastrous bill. https://t.co/vRHtXAY6GF
Our true goal is not just stopping Republicans from destroying health care. Our goal is guaranteeing health care as a right to all people.
Republicans are scrambling on their health care plan and they are embarrassed. They’re on the defensive. Keep fighting back.
Republicans' health care plan—tax breaks for millionaires and raised premiums for seniors—isn’t what a civilized society is about.
Trump promised “insurance for everybody.” Apparently “everybody” doesn’t include the 24 million they are taking health care away from.
RT @CNNSotu: Join us this Sunday on #CNNSOTU for an interview with Sen. @BernieSanders https://t.co/vp90zglD0D
How does it happen that we have a president who has nothing but nice things to say about Mr. Putin? What do the Russians have on Mr. Trump?
RT @marieclaire: Jennifer England has breast cancer and thyroid cancer. If Obamacare is repealed, she could die: https://t.co/pHmKGK7vYu ht…
Trump’s war against truth https://t.co/tk6h57WbB0
RT @emmarcourt: Bernie Sanders thinks this $89,000-a-year drug just bought by $PTCT should be $1,000 a year instead https://t.co/WVe7r5dZHV
We must never forget. Health care is a human right. All people are entitled to coverage.
We should call the Republican health care plan what it really is: a massive tax break for those who are the wealthiest in America.
Let us never forget that in 2008, Wall Street’s greed, recklessness and illegal behavior nearly destroyed our economy
When Wall Street talks, Congress listens. When working class kids talk about being saddled with horrendous debts, who is listening to them?
We’re the richest nation in history. And yet 1 in 4 Americans have to choose between medicine or other necessities like food.
Some politicians still refuse to recognize the reality of climate change. It’s 2017. That’s a disgrace.
The U.S. has the largest defense budget in the world—bigger than the next 12 nations combined. But Trump wants more.	https://t.co/J0S6e95hc9
Trump and the rest of the Republican party are turning their backs on working and rural Americans and seniors.	https://t.co/GnuE47zqi7
Our job is to stand together and say: we don’t need to give tax breaks to billionaires. We need to invest in working people.
For someone who talked about draining the swamp and standing up to Wall Street, Trump has a funny way of doing so.	https://t.co/RLEAWSV3wv
Being involved in politics is not just about elections. It is fighting for racial, social, economic and environmental justice every day.
We are living in a nation which worships wealth rather than caring for the poor. I don't think that is the nation we should be living in.
The great political and democratic crisis we now face is not voter fraud. It is voter suppression.
Amidst Trump’s antics we must not lose sight of a progressive agenda focused on racial, social, environmental and economic justice.
For someone who talked about draining the swamp and standing up to Wall Street, Trump has a funny way of doing so. https://t.co/RLEAWSDs7V
Here’s a radical idea. Let’s make our economy work for all of us, not just the top 1%.
We must guarantee health care as a right. People who can’t afford care deserve to live as much as those who can.
The GOP alternative to Obamacare is grotesque and ugly. You don't throw 24 million people off health care and call it "health care reform."
The women of this country have the right to control their own bodies and get the health care they choose. No cuts to Planned Parenthood.
RT @PostOpinions: Donald Trump's tax plan would mean huge breaks for millionaires like Trump https://t.co/IKVPNjdNKV by @cgfaricy
RT @nowthisnews: 'Throwing millions of people off of healthcare is not healthcare legislation'— @BernieSanders, deep in the heart of Trump…
Our job is to provide health care for all people as a human right, not throw 24 million Americans off the health insurance that they have.
If Donald Trump and Paul Ryan’s "health care” plan is adopted, thousands of Americans will die. This bill is a disgrace.
RT @GuardianUS: 'Despair is not an option': Bernie Sanders's advice to young progressives in America https://t.co/3OEHx0DzcI
RT @MSNBC: Sen. Bernie Sanders joins Chris Hayes on a special @allinwithchris tonight at 8 p.m. ET. #AllInwithBernie https://t.co/wJqSsy7gi8
The @ACLU at this critical time is doing enormously important work. I congratulate them for stepping up to the challenges we're all facing. https://t.co/gtWJQuDYwX
The wealthy don't deserve health care more than anyone else. Everyone should be guaranteed health care regardless of their income.
I've been criticized for this point, so allow me to repeat it: health care is a human right of all people, not a privilege.
Remember: the U.S. is the only major country on earth that doesn't guarantee health care to all people. That's what we have to do.
We spend far, far more per capita for our very dysfunctional health care system. Republicans want to make that worse.
The Republican "substitute" for Obamacare is not really health care legislation. Its primary purpose is to provide tax breaks to the rich.
Trump Should Avoid a Bad Zika Deal https://t.co/jzhp4093z3
RT @brianschatz: No huge corporation operating in America should pay zero taxes. @BernieSanders and I introduced a bill to fix that. https:…
RT @CNNSitRoom: .@BernieSanders on Trump's wiretap claim: Just adds to the delusional statements we hear from the President  https://t.co/6…
Because we have a rigged tax code that has essentially legalized tax dodging for large corporations. https://t.co/JNdu2VFovW
RT @joshfoxfilm: Watch @BernieSanders and I on his FB page today! (And on mine). https://t.co/JzYcWuGQbV
RT @joshfoxfilm: Yes you heard right. Me. Bernie. Live. Tomorrow. Tune in. #banfrackingnow @BernieSanders @People4Bernie https://t.co/KFkBz…
Trump’s Muslim ban isn’t about keeping us safe. A president intent on keeping us safe wouldn't give ideological ammunition to terrorists.
Let’s call Trump's travel ban what it is: A racist and anti-Islamic attempt to divide us up.
I am proud to stand with everyone today who is fighting for dignity on the job and the right to join a union at Nissan.
RT @UAW: Getting ready to #MarchOn for workers' rights at Nissan in Canton, MS with @BernieSanders and @mrdannyglover https://t.co/gS92oaaE…
RT @UAW: .@BernieSanders &amp; @DannyLGlover are telling Nissan to treat workers w/dignity. You can too! https://t.co/RswwC7yFcM #dobetternissa…
We need a Justice Department that will give us the facts about Russia’s ties to the Trump campaign. Jeff Sessions should resign.
Thank you President Trump and Mr. Bannon for making our country less safe. https://t.co/uEDzDsyQQ2
RT @nowthisnews: .@BernieSanders just had the ultimate response to President Trump's speech https://t.co/5HKIJF4Tm2
RT @SenatorCantwell: Today I cosponsored the Affordable and Safe Prescription Drug Importation Act with @RepJayapal  and @BernieSanders htt…
RT @CNNPolitics: Sen. Bernie Sanders on Trump’s presidency: “I am stunned everyday” https://t.co/6OZtrfIwim https://t.co/iWXKkJYVrd
Trump must speak against this senseless act, not just condemn violence when it fits his agenda of fear mongering. https://t.co/cTsLG5aTm4
If the Republicans in Congress won't do the right thing for workers, we must advance the progressive agenda state by state.
The attacks against transgender people are part of a bigotry which has got to end.
To Republicans I say: Do your job. Listen to your constituents. They do not want Obamacare repealed and to be thrown off their health care.
Americans should not have to pay the highest prices for prescription drugs simply because Congress is bought and paid for by Big Pharma.
More and more Americans are getting involved in the political process and are standing up and fighting back. https://t.co/i61Gz8yNoW
RT @KCStar: Progressive vision "is the future of America," Bernie Sanders tells Kansas Democrats: https://t.co/Mn5zG11NIS https://t.co/pg8d…
The Democratic Party must make clear it will stand up to the 1% and lead in the fight for social, racial, economic and environmental justice
It's imperative Tom understands that the same-old, same-old isn't working and that we must bring in working and young people in a new way.
I congratulate Tom Perez on his election as chairman of the Democratic National Committee and look forward to working with him.
RT @RightsVT: 100s packed in at todays #SaveHealthcare Rally in #Montpelier! @BernieSanders @People4Bernie @OurRevolution @VTdems @progpart…
Now is the time for the American people to demand that the Congress listens to them, and not wealthy campaign contributors or lobbyists.
I believe you are entitled to justice and to equal rights, whether you're black, Hispanic, gay or transgender. You are a human being.
RT @MoveOn: .@SenSanders wants you to join him on Saturday to help save the Affordable Care Act. https://t.co/7RFvfff4xg https://t.co/Rl2iq…
One of the great and ongoing struggles of human existence has been the effort to overcome fear of people who are different than we are.
RT @mrdannyglover: Why I support @keithellison for #DNCChair https://t.co/GQHpgL3q6J @EllisonCampaign
How is it that there are people who have more luxuries than anyone can imagine, while children go hungry or die of preventable diseases?
It is time to understand that health care is a right, not a privilege. It is time to move toward a Medicare-for-all system.
Ed Garvey will be sorely missed, but not forgotten. He was an inspiration to many of us. https://t.co/uj878F8JLK
RT @WSJPolitics: How Bernie Sanders's followers are infiltrating and transforming the Democratic party: https://t.co/ipc8veVxcl
When we talk about fair wages, I hope every man will stand with women and fight for pay equity.
We have virtually no voter fraud in America. What is the fraud is that people are changing laws because of so-called voter fraud.
RT @BilldeBlasio: Here's why I believe Keith Ellison is the right choice to serve as the next Chair of the Democratic Party: 		https://t.co…
We will lose our fights for justice when we are divided or apathetic, and the fights we face now are far too important to risk that.
We will not allow Republicans to punish the elderly, children, the sick and the poor, while they reward their billionaire friends.
At a time of grotesque income inequality, the rich do not need more tax breaks and working people do not need cuts to basic needs.
This is no time for despair or giving up. This is a time for organizing, educating and fighting back.
The struggle for our rights is not a one-time event. It must be fought by every generation.
Obamacare isn’t perfect. But the solution is not to throw millions off health care without a replacement plan and say, “You're on your own."
When Trump and his friends make delusional statements about "voter fraud," they are setting the stage for an increase in voter suppression.
Our job today: strengthen Obamacare and stop the repeal. Tomorrow, we must join the rest of the world and guarantee health care for all.
If you're rich and powerful and commit illegal behavior you get promoted to the president's cabinet. There’s something very wrong with that.
Our nation worships wealth rather than caring for the poor. I don’t believe that is the nation we should be living in.
It appears Mr. Trump, who attacks media that makes critical remarks about him as “fake news,” doesn't understand what democracy is about.
Republicans claim to represent family values but plan to throw 20 million people off health insurance. That doesn't seem like family values.
25 states and cities raised minimum wages last year. How is that possible? Because millions of people stood up to fight.
Our diversity is our strength. We must take pride in that, not let hatred divide us.
I would hope that Republicans have the courage to stand up to Trump's movement to authoritarianism.
Trump: Want to know what fake news is? Your denial of climate change and the lies spread by fossil fuel companies to protect their profits.
According to Trump, if you want the truth, ignore everything except what he is saying. That's what totalitarianism is all about. https://t.co/JFwpMpLj3u
Great news! Now is the time for Keith Ellison to become chair of the Democratic Party. https://t.co/471e8OB6xq
Instead of draining the swamp, Trump is filling it up with the same old Wall Street insiders, whose greed nearly destroyed our economy.
Talk about cowardice. Republicans are trying to ram through Pruitt's confirmation before the American people find out what is in his emails.
We need an EPA administrator whose priority is the safety of people, not the profits of the fossil fuel industry. Pruitt is not that person.
Scientists are virtually unanimous that climate change is real and caused by human activity. Mr. Pruitt refuses to recognize that.
RT @GoodJobsNation: . @BernieSanders : Our job now is to pass $15 an hour as a federal min wage so everyone has a living wage! https://t.co…
RT @ABCPolitics: .@BernieSanders calls Puzder's withdrawal from consideration as Labor secretary a "victory for millions of workers" https:…
We need a Labor Secretary who will stand up for workers, raising the minimum wage &amp; pay equity for women. Mr. Puzder was not that candidate.
We need to know if President Trump's foreign policy represents the best interests of this country or the best interests of Russia.
Our job: Break up the major financial institutions, not appoint more Wall Street executives to the administration as Trump has done.
Our job is to grow the trade union movement so that workers, white collar and blue collar, can stand up and fight for their rights.
Trump old workers he would stand up for them and stand up to Wall Street. Now, the same old Wall Street insiders are running the show.
What I say to the American people is: stay focused. We will fight for an economy that works for all and doesn’t just benefit the wealthy.
We’ve got to bring people together around a progressive agenda. They want to raise the minimum wage and make health care a right.
Trump is a total hypocrite. He campaigned saying I'm going to take on Wall Street, and then he hires the president of Goldman Sachs.
When Donald Trump attacks the  media as “fake news” what he is doing is trying to move our country in an authoritarian direction.
Our job is to stand together, vigorously oppose Trump's racist immigration policies and fight for policies that work for working families.
Whether it is in conservative parts of the country or in progressive areas, the American people are fighting back. https://t.co/xIhj3j0MbM
Trump has sent many tweets the last few months. But where's the tweet saying he’ll keep his promise to not cut Medicare and Medicaid?
We need an Attorney General who’ll defend the Constitution &amp; educate the president about what it means. Jeff Sessions won't be that person.
When I read the same letter as @SenWarren, no one prevented me from speaking. Sen. McConnell owes Sen. Warren an apology. #LetLizSpeak
It is unconscionable that Sen. Mitch McConnell silenced Sen. Elizabeth Warren because she read a letter from Coretta Scott King.
CEOs of drug companies should not be making millions when customers are dying because they cannot afford their medication. #DebateWithBernie
In the midst of massive wealth inequality, @tedcruz doesn't just want to take away health care, he wants to give huge tax breaks to the 1%.
We're having an absurd discussion for the wealthiest nation. We are talking about taking health care away from 30 million people.
A Medicare-for-all system would save us hundreds of billions in health care costs a year. It’s financially smart and the moral thing to do.
I’ve been criticized for this point, so allow me to repeat it: Yes, health care is a right of all people. #DebateWithBernie
#DebateWithBernie https://t.co/2Spnjrr61M
President Trump and the Army have chosen to ignore the law and allow the Dakota Access Pipeline to be completed. This cannot stand. #NoDAPL https://t.co/rJRhMIp8vz
Are we really comfortable with a situation where private companies and the government know more about our lives than we do? https://t.co/PvIJGsYBl3
RT @CNNPolitics: The future of Obamacare: What’s next? @TedCruz and @BernieSanders debate at 9 p.m. ET #CNNDebateNight https://t.co/zp0bYWY…
Donald Trump’s goal is to protect the interests of the wealthiest and most powerful people in this country. That is exactly what he’s doing.
After working for Puzder for 21 years, JoAnn left without a penny of savings, with no health care and no pension. https://t.co/e49TlD2XfA
Sen. Sanders will debate Sen. Ted Cruz tonight on the future of the Affordable Care Act. Tune in at 9 ET! #DebateWithBernie https://t.co/mIvHPDsNXt
The choice on DeVos is clear. We need to protect children with disabilities, not ignore their needs. #NoOnDeVos
When Republicans say they want to "save" or "strengthen" Social Security, what they mean is that they want to cut Social Security benefits.
Donald Trump is a fraud. He said during the campaign he would take on Wall Street and now he's working for Wall Street.
Surprise, surprise. Trump has turned his back on everything he said in the campaign and cozied up to Wall Street. https://t.co/vbvGsjUJOC
I want a Supreme Court that will stand up for civil liberties, constitutional rights, workers' rights, environmental rights, women's rights.
We are a democracy, not a one-man show. We are not another Trump enterprise.
RT @CNNSotu: Tune in this morning to #CNNSOTU for @jaketapper's interview Sen. @BernieSanders
Friday's order by a federal judge in Seattle blocking President Trump's immigration ban was a victory for rule of law and the Constitution.
It is not only progressives who are outraged by Trump's actions and statements. https://t.co/PvYlgJAtK7
This absurd and unconstitutional idea must not be passed. We must not end the separation of church and state. https://t.co/3InVIwiigT
RT @washingtonpost: Bernie Sanders: Will Trump have the guts to stand up to drug companies? https://t.co/XvsQgpM2eI via @PostOpinions https…
RT @CNNSotu: Join us this Sunday for @jaketapper's interview with Sen. @BernieSanders on #CNNSOTU https://t.co/zCMDjZAEAX
Is there not one more Republican senator who will stand with the American people against Betsy DeVos?
Judge Gorsuch must explain his hostility to women's rights, support of corporations over workers and opposition to campaign finance reform. https://t.co/b3ds4egnvv
President Trump's ban on immigrants from seven majority-Muslim countries is un-American, unconstitutional and will not make us more safe.
The American people are settling in for a long and sustained fight to defend democracy and the values which have made us a great county.
We believe in a nation based on economic, social, racial and environmental justice and we've just begun to fight back.
We should be looking for guidance now not from pollsters and political consultants, but from leaders like Martin Luther King, Jr.
Given Trump's dangerous and unconstitutional actions, the Democratic Party can no longer do politics "as usual."
Putting Steve Bannon, an extreme right-wing operative, on the National Security Council is dangerous and he should be removed.
We say to @realDonaldTrump: Rescind the Muslim ban!
The American people want real change, a change based on compassion and justice, not hatred, intolerance and divisiveness.
Republicans say they want to get government off people's backs, except, of course, if you are a woman who wants to control her own body.
Trump claimed he would stand up for working people, but it turns out Goldman Sachs is still running the show.	https://t.co/w6jRqp0DpC
We're the only major country that doesn't guarantee health care for all as a right. Yet, we also spend far more per capita on health care.
We need a qualified and knowledgable Education Secretary, not a billionaire who contributed hundreds of millions to right-wing Republicans.
Is Trump already in violation of the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution? https://t.co/uVqKGsQCIg
Congress and the American people must defend American values. No torture!
The great political and democratic crisis we now face is not voter fraud. It doesn’t exist. It is voter suppression.
President Trump said the other day that 3 to 5 million people voted illegally in the election. That’s delusional, an "alternative fact."
RT @ABCPolitics: .@BernieSanders on Trump's unsubstantiated voter fraud claims: "He is sending a message" to GOP "to go forward with voter…
I will do everything I can to stop these pipelines and protect our planet for future generations. https://t.co/W18GzYr0tI
Thank you @lsarsour for helping to organize the march and build a progressive movement. When we stand together, we win. #IMarchwithLinda
We must be vigorous in fighting terrorism, but we can do it in a way that is constitutional and respects our freedom and privacy rights.
It’d be funny if it wasn't so absurd: Trump, a billionaire, surrounded at his inauguration by billionaires, says he's anti-establishment.
If the ACA is repealed, researchers tell us that 43,000 Americans could die. That’s beyond comprehension. https://t.co/E4lqfWnTg3
If Mr. Trump is serious about standing up for working families, he won't throw 20 million working people off of health insurance.
Republicans want to repeal the ACA, but their alternative (if they ever come up with one) will likely be much worse. https://t.co/F28Iur0W7t
The simple truth is that we’ll never have the health care system we need if private insurance companies and drug companies run the show.
President Trump: Women aren’t going back to second-class citizenship. They are going forward. We are all in this together.
RT @FaceTheNation: This morning: @BernieSanders weighs in on how Democrats should approach Obamacare, the Supreme Court, and more.
RT @FaceTheNation: Tomorrow morning: @BernieSanders weighs in on how Democrats should approach Obamacare, the Supreme Court, and more. http…
We won't achieve our goals if we treat democracy as a spectator sport, hoping others will do it. They won’t. The future is in our hands.
We must vigorously defend DACA and the young people in that program and fight for immigration reform and a path toward citizenship.
Our response to Mr. Trump's inauguration has to be to fight back for economic, social, environmental &amp; racial justice. We're not giving up!
There should be no disagreement that the First Family represented us with extraordinary dignity, grace and civility over the last 8 years.
If Republicans think they're simply going to throw millions off of health insurance, they’ve got another thing coming.
RT @nowthisnews: NowThis sat down with @BernieSanders in Michigan this weekend to discuss the fight to save the Affordable Care Act https:/…
Let us not forget where Dr. King was when he was assassinated. He was standing up with exploited workers in Memphis, Tennessee. #MLKDay
"We know through painful experience that freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor; it must be demanded by the oppressed.” – MLK
To the tens of thousands who stood up for #OurFirstStand, thank you. This is not the end of the fight. This is the beginning. https://t.co/ekvGDLlAvN
RT @dtanner2194: Burlington High School auditorium is PACKED for #OurFirstStand Rally with @RightsVT @OurRevolution @ppnne &amp; many others! #…
RT @KamalaHarris: It would be a national disgrace if our country stripped health benefits away from the most vulnerable among us. #OurFirst…
RT @SenatorTomUdall: 100s of people rallied in #ABQ to say #SaveACA. I'm fighting to #KeepNMCovered. https://t.co/0Jv524d6US
Thank you for standing up today from coast to coast to defend health care for millions of Americans. #OurFirstStand 	https://t.co/Mv3vjvOWG4
RT @brianschatz: Crowd just doubled. https://t.co/9yAgzwf0Cc
RT @timkaine: An incredible rally to #ProtectOurCare in Richmond today. Packed with Virginians who want to #SaveTheACA. I'm ready to fight…
RT @BostonGlobe: Photos: An estimated 6,000 people gathered for #OurFirstStand rally at Faneuil Hall to save Obamacare https://t.co/0tnXwcg…
RT @dankildee: My view today from the #ourfirststand rally in Warren. 10,000 Michiganders rallying to #savehealthcare! Standing with YOU to…
RT @TeamPelosi: FABULOUS turnout for #OurFirstStand in SF. Nearly 3,000 people have turned out! https://t.co/qoAYw6JRpc
RT @NYCMayor: Healthcare is a right, not a privilege. Congress: stop playing politics with the lives of New Yorkers who depend on the ACA.…
RT @USRepKCastor: #SaveHealthCare rally turns out hundreds of #TampaBay neighbors! Message: Don't #MakeAmericaSickAgain! Thx @Timintampa #O…
RT @janekleeb: Nebraskans out in the streets #savehealthcare @NebraskaDems @OurRevolution @BernieSanders @SenSchumer #omaha https://t.co/VF…
RT @RoseAnnDeMoro: From Tampa to Portland to San Francisco - thousands have hit the streets to call for guaranteed #healthcare: #Medicare4A…
RT @RepJayapal: We are one of the very few developed nations in the entire world that does not guarantee health care to all our citizens. #…
RT @RepJayapal: Amazing. 2,000 people have turned out at our event to protect and expand the Affordable Care Act! #OurFirstStand https://t.…
RT @ORDems: #saveourhealthcare https://t.co/j32LDSsODz
RT @WydenForOregon: We’re live in Portland at the #OurFirstStand #SaveHealthCare rally! Watch &amp; RT now: https://t.co/pFNAZcd1qR
RT @KamalaHarris: Fired up and ready to talk about why we must save the Affordable Care Act. Millions of lives are at stake in this fight.…
RT @iowademocrats: Outstanding turnout for "#OurFirstStand rally! Thanks to everyone who organized the event &amp; came out in the cold weather…
RT @EdMarkey: #Massachusetts, home of universal health care, is ready to fight this immoral effort to destroy the #aca! #OurFirstStand #sav…
This is the wealthiest country in history. It's time we got our national priorities right and guarantee health care. #OurFirstStand
RT @MarkWarnerVA: Rallied against the GOP plan to #MakeAmericaSickAgain and defend our progress at #OurFirstStand in NoVa https://t.co/b2cO…
RT @ChrisMurphyCT: Over 1000 people came out on short notice in freezing temps. The movement to #SaveACA is real and growing.  https://t.co…
Health care should not be a privilege for the wealthy. Health care is a human right. Today we defend that right. #OurFirstStand
RT @TeamPelosi: T-minus 2 hours until #OurFirstStand in SF! We hope to see you there. Be sure to bundle up! https://t.co/LVJcosKy1C
RT @DrLeanaWen: Supporting health for 476,000 Marylanders here @BowieState #savehealthcare #OurFirstStand.
RT @MartinOMalley: Salt Lake City is ready for #OurFirstStand! We will organize &amp; fight back against attempts to repeal our healthcare http…
Real change always takes place from the bottom on up. Real change happens when people come together to demand it. #OurFirstStand https://t.co/eOkoqLZ2vT
RT @marty_walsh: Boston is fighting to save our healthcare. For everyone in our city &amp; our country - we won’t back down. #OurFirstStand htt…
RT @jimlangevin: I was so proud to vote for the #ACA when it first passed, and I will keep fighting for it #OurFirstStand https://t.co/kaX3…
RT @NationalNurses: YUGE crowd in Portland, Maine at the #Medicare4All rally today. Crowd is chanting "I have a Dream! Universal healthcare…
RT @cyrushabib: As a 3-time cancer survivor, I was ineligible to purchase health insurance before the ACA. Let's not go back to that time.…
RT @vademocrats: Folks in #RVA are FIRED UP for the #SaveHealthcare rally! https://t.co/XP67VKJDML
Republicans in Congress need to worry about millions of people who are standing up and fighting back to defend health care. #OurFirstStand
We are saying to our Republican colleagues: we will not let you throw up to 30 million Americans off of health insurance. #OurFirstStand
Our job today is defend the Affordable Care Act. Our job tomorrow is to create a single-payer system. #OurFirstStand
Bernie is speaking now in Warren, MI #OurFirstStand https://t.co/g2znaFzIa2
RT @chuckschumer: I'm taking a stand for the 147k young NYers who thanks to the ACA have stayed on their parents plans thru age 26 #OurFirs…
RT @MattSmithWXYZ: "We as citizens have a voice. They don't own that." - @SenStabenow #OurFirstStand https://t.co/TWMHc3ixeO
RT @RoseAnnDeMoro: Almost a thousand activists take the Charging Bull at Wall St., chanting: LOVE IT, IMPROVE IT, #MEDICARE4ALL! #ourfirsts…
From Hawai'i to Maine, thousands of people say to Republicans today: "You won't get away with dismantling our health care." #OurFirstStand
RT @chuckschumer: The Republican plan to repeal the ACA would make America sick again, causing chaos, not affordable care. #OurFirstStand
RT @MichiganDems: @SenSchumer, @SenSanders, @SenStabenow, and @SenGaryPeters at our #savehealthcare rally in Warren right now https://t.co/…
RT @elizabethforma: Last week, the @SenateGOP took the first steps to rip away health care from 20 million people. It's wrong. #ourfirststa…
RT @NationalNurses: Everybody in, nobody out --&gt; we need #Medicare4All! #OurFirstStand march in NYC stretches for blocks &amp; blocks. https://…
RT @CalNurses: Join us today as we take #ourFirstStand to save #healthcare! Find an event: https://t.co/7TngeV6wQq #Medicare4All https://t.…
RT @EdMarkey: Proud to join @elizabethforma, @MartyForBoston &amp; thousands in #Boston for #OurFirstStand – rally to save #ACA https://t.co/Yt…
We will not stand by and watch our health care be dismantled. Now is the time to fight back. #OurFirstStand
RT @elizabethforma: All across the country today, Dems are hosting #OurFirstStand rallies to #savehealthcare. Boston is ready to fight back…
Watch Bernie live from a rally in Warren, Michigan #OurFirstStand 	https://t.co/g2znaFzIa2
Real change doesn't come from the top down. Real change comes from thousands of people demanding it. #OurFirstStand
There are many important fights ahead of us. Today is #OurFirstStand: save health care.
RT @EdMarkey: Today at 1pm at historic Faneuil Hall in #Boston, join #ourfirststand rally w/@elizabethforma @MartyForBoston to defend #ACA…
Today we take #OurFirstStand to loudly and clearly defend health care. Find a rally near you: https://t.co/0gzurtl5gF
When millions of people stand together we win. Take a stand today to protect health care for all. https://t.co/oVtr4LCpHV
RT @NationalNurses: Join nurses &amp; other activists in protecting healthcare for all! Find a rally near you: https://t.co/Wa1FxRGEo6 #OurFirs…
RT @TeamPelosi: Are you ready to make #OurFirstStand? Join us in San Francisco tomorrow: https://t.co/pw1OKRi2ED
How can Republicans end the Affordable Care Act without having a replacement? We must not allow that to happen. https://t.co/JBXEH2KANv
RT @PramilaJayapal: I'm standing up 4 healthcare tomorrow (Sunday) noon at Westlake in #Seattle.Time to say NO to GOP's immoral plan to rep…
.@SenateDems unanimously opposed Republicans' plan to take away health care. Tomorrow, all of us must stand united. https://t.co/oVtr4LkOjl
RT @KamalaHarris: No family should have to choose between life-saving medication or putting food on the table. We must address the cost of…
In the middle of the night Republicans took step 1 toward taking health care from 30 million people. Fight back! https://t.co/oVtr4LCpHV
Literally, there are thousands of people who die every single year because they cannot afford the medicine they need. That’s outrageous.
Take a stand Jan. 15 to save health care from Republican attempts to throw 30 million people off health insurance. https://t.co/oVtr4LCpHV
We must never forget. Health care is a human right. All people are entitled to coverage.
We will not allow Republicans to punish the elderly, children, the sick and the poor, while they reward their billionaire friends.
RT @cnni: Bernie Sanders: We need to focus less on polls and more on the very serious problems facing the American people. https://t.co/OB4…
On January 15, join a day of action to stand up to Donald Trump and Republicans in Congress and save health care. https://t.co/oVtr4LCpHV
RT @CNN: Tonight: @BernieSanders sits down with @ChrisCuomo for #SandersTownHall. 9pm ET https://t.co/JDgq4pk7cH https://t.co/hXcDkD9DpI
We should be working to make health care a right not debating whether to take health care away from Americans. https://t.co/A3ywFOD1m8
Tell @GOP: You aren't going to take away our health care while you reward your billionaire friends. #OurFirstStand https://t.co/7CHHd8bm4X
RT @CNNPolitics: CNN will host a town hall with Bernie Sanders tomorrow at 9 p.m. ET https://t.co/TK9PeqonMY https://t.co/46qZq6ADFW
There is something profoundly wrong when one family owns more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans.
While we attack grotesque levels of income inequality in this country, we must simultaneously address the structural racism so many endure.
When folks stand together against a rigged system, they can forge a politics that can transform a city, a nation, and maybe the world.
We cannot stay silent and watch the GOP dismantle the health care system and jeopardize the economic security of millions of Americans.
Some politicians still refuse to recognize the reality of climate change. It's 2017. That's a disgrace.
It's simple, really: Politicians should be working for their constituents' votes, not lobbyists' money. That's not radical. It's democracy.
Are we comfortable as a nation to see a huge increase in millionaires and billionaires but have more people living in poverty than ever?
After all the progress we've made on women’s rights, we can't go back to the days when women didn't have the right to control their bodies.
The right wing in this country is waging a war against women, but let me be very clear: This is not a war we are going to allow them to win.
New tax breaks for the rich and big corporations may be popular in country clubs, but it's way out of touch with what most Americans want.
We must join every other major country &amp; guarantee health care for all, not throw millions of women off excellent health care. #StandWithPP
RT @tammybaldwin: Rex Tillerson's egregious payout deal is nothing more than a golden parachute that flies in the face of @realDonaldTrump'…
RT @MeetThePress: Tonight on #MTPDaily: Sen. Bernie Sanders joins Chuck Todd. RT if you'll be watching @MSNBC! https://t.co/N2qbVVUTyZ
We should not be debating whether to take health care away from 30 million people. We should be working to make health care a right for all.
.@SenateGOP How do you go forward giving a death penalty to thousands of people by taking their health care away without any solution?
You don’t throw 30 millions people off health care without having a plan to provide health care to those people.
We can't stay silent and watch Republicans dismantle our health care system and jeopardize the economic security of millions of Americans.
RT @MaddowBlog: ...followed immediately by an interview with Senator Bernie Sanders.	#HeavyHitterDoubleHeader	#Maddow https://t.co/j4YUOKmk…
Our message to Mr. Trump is simple: We are not going backwards. You will not divide us up by race, nationality, gender or sexual orientation
In the year 2017, we should be encouraging our people to get the best education they can, not punishing them with a mountain of debt.
If we are serious about having the best-educated workforce in the world, we have got to make public colleges and universities tuition-free.
It is unconscionable that millions of people in the world’s richest country are one diagnosis or car accident away from financial disaster.
We will lose our fights for justice when we are divided or apathetic, and the fights coming this year are far too important to risk that.
RT @maddow: Back on the air tonight after a little holiday break -- big live interview tonight with Senator @BernieSanders 9PM ET, MSNBC
Congress has got to protect and expand the health care needs of working families, not cut them.
Stopping the Republican assault on the working class will require the active participation of millions of Americans in every community.
The struggle for our rights is not a one-time event. It must be fought by every generation.
We won’t let Republicans punish the elderly, children, sick and poor while they reward their billionaire friends. https://t.co/aBgGnSd3ao
We've seen the surefire route to success in politics has been to manipulate people's fear and ignorance. We can and will change that.
We are living in a nation which worships wealth rather than caring for the poor. I don't think that is the nation we should be living in.
Working people are angry and they have a right to be angry. This economy isn’t for them—it’s for the extremely wealthy.
Republicans are not going to get away with punishing the poor while rewarding their billionaire friends.
When we fight we’re fighting for the future—the future of the planet in terms of climate change, and for the future of American democracy.
Happy New Year! Never forget greed is powerful but our vision of a world based on economic, social &amp; environmental justice is more powerful.
Fossil fuel companies are willing to destroy the planet for short-term profits. That is just incomprehensible. Incomprehensible.
The pharmaceutical industry is the most profitable industry in the country. That should not be the case when people’s lives are at stake.
Republicans claim to represent family values but plan to throw 30 million people off health insurance. That doesn't seem like family values.
Cities and towns and states have stepped up and raised the minimum wage to $15. It’s about time that Congress does the same for all workers.
You cannot be a party which takes money from Wall Street and then tells working families you are on their side. People see through that.
The U.S. shouldn’t discourage kids who want to go to college with massive costs. We should be educating as many people as we possibly can.
Our goal must be to improve the VA, not destroy it. We will vigorously oppose any and all efforts to privatize the VA.
While other nations are guaranteeing health care as a right, we spend more on our military than the next seven nations combined.
I wish elected officials would spend less time making it harder for people to vote and more time fighting for the working class.
Members of Congress spend way too much time in pursuit of money and too little time actually debating the issues.
Here's a radical idea.  Let's create an economy that works for the bottom 99%, not just the people on top.
My nightmare is our grandchildren wondering why we did not leave them a planet that is habitable.
25 states and cities raised minimum wages this year. How is that possible? Because millions of people stood up to fight.
It doesn't make sense to trust billionaires to fight for the working class. The billionaire agenda is not the agenda of the American people.
If we claim to be the greatest nation on Earth, then we've got to catch up to other major countries and guarantee health care for all.
The EPA needs a leader who will actually protect the environment, not a climate denier like Trump's choice Scott Pruitt.
RT @chicagotribune: Bernie Sanders, top Democrats call for "Day of Action" to oppose health care cuts under Trump https://t.co/SxaVEOsrGU h…
We have accomplished too much as a country to see our progress washed away by leaders who are fearful, hateful and misinformed.
It really is frightening when you have a party controlling the House, Senate and presidency and saying "You know what? We reject science."
One of the most revolting aspects of the student loan crisis is that the government makes billions in profits off of student loans.
A $15 minimum wage was very recently considered too radical. But when people see the justice of an idea, it catches fire very quickly.
It's an international embarrassment that we imprison more people than any other country on earth.
People should not have to choose between medicine and groceries. And yet the greed of the drug industry makes that happen every day.
People who want to limit carbon emissions:	✅ Majority of Democrats	✅ Majority of Republicans	❌ Trump's choice for EPA head
Our priority now is to transform our energy system to renewables, not empower fossil fuel CEOs like Mr. Trump is doing.
People are frustrated because in the last few decades, the wealthy have seen their incomes rise immensely while the middle class is stuck. https://t.co/dUqdaeNtpS
Trump's cabinet, the wealthiest in history, is worth more than the annual GDP of 70 countries. So much for draining the swamp...
Mr. Trump and his friends should know there are millions of people who will not stand for their greed at the expense of the working class.
While tens of millions of children around the world go hungry and uneducated, a handful of billionaires divide up the riches of the planet.
Democrats must start playing ball in states that we have conceded decades ago, where people are now being left out of the political process.
The women of this country have the right to control their own bodies, not politicians.
For decades, Republicans and Democrats have understood that the goal must be to reduce the number of nuclear weapons, not expand them.
We must stand with our brothers and sisters in NC who despite the GOP power grab are bravely fighting for economic, racial &amp; social justice.
My parents' dream was that if they worked hard as parents, they'd see their kids go to college. We must keep that promise to every family.
It's a miracle a nuclear weapon hasn't been used in war since 1945. Congress can't allow the Tweeter in Chief to start a nuclear arms race. https://t.co/7XODzlFaAG
Are we comfortable to see a huge increase in millionaires and billionaires but have more people living in poverty than ever? I know I'm not.
The ruling class likes to believe this country belongs to them. There are millions of us who would say otherwise.
We must stop the movement toward oligarchy and fight for an economy which works for all, not just the 1%. https://t.co/mu1PwrpBPS
If we want to get tough on crime, let us deal with the causes of crime instead of using taxpayer money to incarcerate millions of people.
If Mr. Trump tries to pursue discriminatory policies, he should remember that a majority of voters did not support him and his bigotry.
We are rapidly moving toward a nation of the super-rich, by the super-rich and for the super-rich.
Believing in climate change is not optional at this point. Neither is taking action to save the planet.
Garnishing social security benefits to pay off student debt is a clear example of why we need fundamental changes in our national priorities
It is beyond absurd that so many bright young people are unable to attend college because of the cost.
We are moving toward an oligarchic form of society, and it will take all of us to fight against it.
Clinton received almost 3 million more votes, but Trump will be the next president. It's clear the electoral college needs to be changed.
Lowering prices on prescription drugs—that is, making sure that people can afford to live—should not be a partisan issue.
Every person in this country deserves a decent opportunity and a decent standard of living. Until that happens we will not truly be free.
It would be nice to put off worrying about climate change for a few decades. But the truth is we have no choice but to act now.
We are living in a nation which worships wealth rather than caring for the poor. I don't think that is the nation we should be living in.
The wealthy have seen their incomes rise immensely in the last 30 years. It is not class warfare to say they don't need another tax break.
Money and wealth should serve the people. The people should not have to serve money and wealth.
There is something profoundly wrong when one family owns more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans.
Cuts to life and death programs like Medicare and massive tax breaks for the wealthy—that's not what America is supposed to be about.
Even though the same proportion of blacks and whites use marijuana, a black person is almost 4x more likely to be arrested for possession.
Walmart costs taxpayers $6.2 billion every year in public assistance programs by not paying their workers a living wage. That is insane.
Congress must begin listening to the majority of Americans who do not want cuts to Medicaid and Medicare.
Our job is to grow the union movement so that anyone working 40 hours a week, whether it’s in a factory or a hotel, doesn't live in poverty.
A small subsection of the one percent are hell-bent on doing everything in their power to block action against climate change.
Young people in this country should be in good schools and at good jobs, not in jail cells.
There is hatred being generated against immigrants in this country. We've got to stand together and reject that hate.
RT @nowthisnews: Watch @BernieSanders change a Trump supporter's mind in 90 seconds https://t.co/KnP07ay17S
RT @LateNightSeth: Our pal @BernieSanders returns to #LNSM tonight! Don’t miss it! https://t.co/5o7H3dignF
RT @LateNightSeth: TONIGHT! Senator @BernieSanders, @ZoeyDeutch and comedian @DanLevy! https://t.co/C3BE3bUDnp
Not only is Rex Tillerson a pal of Russia's authoritarian leader, but he is the head of one of the largest oil companies in the world. https://t.co/GnUr1pDOs4
Real change in this country is not going to come from Capitol Hill. It`s going to come from grassroots America.
As a result of bad trade agreements like NAFTA, we have lost over 4 million decent paying manufacturing jobs.
RT @MSNBC: TONIGHT: Tune in to @MSNBC tonight at 8pm ET for "All In America - @BernieSanders in Trump Country" moderated by @chrislhayes ht…
This is the wealthiest country in the history of the world. Our job: abolish poverty, not let 130,000 people die every year because of it.
Men in the wealthiest counties in this country live 18 years longer than men in the poorest counties.
Poverty in America is a death sentence. Wealthy women live 12 years longer than lower income women.
RT @allinwithchris: TONIGHT: @chrislhayes hosts a town hall in Wisconsin with @BernieSanders. Tune in to @MSNBC at 8PM ET #inners https://t…
If current trends continue, one in four black males born today can expect to spend time in prison. This is an outrage.
We must end the "war on drugs," which has destroyed lives and disproportionately impacted people of color.
Instead of frightening 11 million undocumented people with deportation, we need comprehensive immigration reform and a path to citizenship.
We must end private prisons and detention centers in the U.S. The time is long overdue for real criminal justice reform.
RT @FaceTheNation: This morning: Sen. @BernieSanders discusses the issues on which Democrats will cooperate, and the issues on which they w…
Cities and towns and states have raised the minimum wage to $15. It’s time that Congress steps up to give all people a living wage.
RT @FaceTheNation: SUNDAY: @BernieSanders on whether the Democrats can play ball with Trump on some issues while fighting on others https:/…
I don’t know how many times I have to say it, but I’ll keep saying it until it happens: all people should have a right to health care.
Maybe, just maybe, we want to pass legislation to make the wealthy start paying their fair share in taxes before we start slashing Medicare.
Does @realDonaldTrump have the guts to stand up to House Republicans who want to slash Social Security?
Millions of seniors, disabled vets and people with disabilities can't get by on $11,000 or less. We must expand Social Security, not cut it.
Donald Trump is a pathological liar.  We need the help of the American people to build a movement of millions who are following reality.
Everyone who voted for Trump, who thought he'd defend working people, pay attention to the reality of what he's doing not just his rhetoric.
RT @actdottv: Workers and their allies like @BernieSanders &amp; @keithellison have a lot to say about Trump &amp; labor. #goodjobsdefender https:/…
Mr. Trump should not be attacking strong and effective union leaders like Chuck Jones. https://t.co/XBA3VGTWPX
RT @RichardTrumka: The Executive Council of the 12.5M member @AFLCIO has voted overwhelmingly to endorse @keithellison to lead @TheDemocrats
.@realDonaldTrump rather than attacking effective union leaders like Chuck Jones, why don't you work with them to create good paying jobs? https://t.co/SWFBvZfqTj
RT @thehill: Sanders campaign manager: Don't buy the Bernie blame game https://t.co/CZbneu2yyo https://t.co/Nr1jxKIfNR
Trump's choice to lead EPA doesn't just deny climate change, he's worked with oil &amp; gas companies to make us more dependent on fossil fuels.
The fight for $15 has proven to the world that when people stand together and fight for… https://t.co/1nZT8cFKSb
$10.10 isn't good enough. $12 isn't good enough. We won't rest until every worker is paid at least $15 an hour and can form a union.
RT @SSWorks: Today at 11am: #HandsOffMedicare press conference with @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @BernieSanders &amp; other lawmakers https://t.co/…
RT @allinwithchris: Special programming note: @chrislhayes hosts a town hall with @BernieSanders in Kenosha, Wisconsin on Monday! #inners h…
The top 10 pharmaceutical executives received over $327 million last year, while 1 in 5 Americans can't afford to fill their prescriptions.
Hundreds of thousands of seniors are forced to cut their pills in half because the medicine they need is too expensive.
Trump’s reactionary agenda won't be defeated in Congress. It will be defeated when millions of Americans come together to oppose xenophobia.
Our job now is to transform our energy system away from fossil fuels, not to produce more greenhouse gas emissions.
In the year 2016, we should not continue to trample on Native American sovereignty or become more dependent on fossil fuel.
I appreciate @POTUS listening to the Native Americans and millions of others who believe the Dakota Access Pipeline shouldn't be built.
Trump attacked Wall Street on the campaign. Now he nominates a former Goldman Sachs executive to be Treasury secretary. What hypocrisy!
America remains the only major country not to guarantee health care for all. The Republican response: throw millions off health insurance.
Trump's focus should not be a few people who might burn the American flag. It should be on working families and combatting climate change.
RT @guardiannews: Bernie Sanders challenges Trump over jobs boast: 'What are you going to do?' https://t.co/mSJHrsMZTv
If Trump is serious about helping the middle class, we’ll work with him. So far, it’s clear he doesn’t give a damn about working families.
Donald Trump wants to treat corporate greed with kid gloves. If he won’t stand up for America’s working class, we must.
RT @allinwithchris: .@BernieSanders on Carrier deal: "What Trump is doing is setting a very dangerous precedent" #inners https://t.co/VZh0u…
RT @allinwithchris: .@BernieSanders joins @chrislhayes tonight. Tune in at 8PM ET #inners https://t.co/dLwo3jFDWE
Carrier gets millions in tax breaks. Indiana loses thousands of jobs. United Technologies took Trump hostage and won.
United Technologies took @realDonaldTrump hostage and won. If Trump won’t stand up for the working class, we must. https://t.co/cW8n03iitg
🔼 Banks' record-breaking profits 	🔽 Household income since 1999 		Our fight: create an economy that works for all, not just the 1%.
With Steve Mnunchin, Donald Trump is catering to the same Wall Street executives that have hurt working families time and again.
What a rigged economy looks like: The top 25 hedge fund managers made more in 2015 than the combined salaries of every kindergarten teacher. https://t.co/HYNdEME93u
RT @mtaibbi: https://t.co/yuB4VfM8C6
.@realDonaldTrump Tell the American people you were lying or appoint an HHS secretary who will protect Social Security, Medicare &amp; Medicaid. https://t.co/0ffgV7AnIk
I stand with the workers across the country who are demanding $15 an hour and a union. Keep fighting, sisters and brothers. #FightFor15
For many Republicans leaders, "democracy" means billionaires buying elections and poor and working people being disenfranchised.
Republicans want billionaires to be able to contribute directly to the candidate and make the candidate an employee of wealthy contributors.
The Republicans will likely move aggressively to expand their current voter suppression efforts. We must make it easier to vote, not harder. https://t.co/T8mPdDA2HW
We need an infrastructure plan that creates millions of jobs and makes corporations pay their fair share, not another corporate giveaway.
We've got to end the absurdity of seeing profitable factories, where workers are productive, moving to Mexico and paying workers $3 an hour. https://t.co/ljVILfyWAa
RT @CNNSotu: .@BernieSanders: @keithellison is 'the candidate we need' for DNC #CNNSOTU https://t.co/DGB80eXS6o
At a time of massive inequality, when the rich get richer and most other people get poorer, we're going to stand with working families.
RT @ABC: Bernie Sanders: We must "revitalize the Democratic Party...There is no reason why we cannot win in states all over this country” #…
RT @ThisWeekABC: .@BernieSanders weighs in on what's next for the Democratic Party, this morning on #ThisWeek. https://t.co/xY6Nih73gi
RT @CNNSotu: Tomorrow on #CNNSOTU: @BernieSanders joins @DanaBashCNN to discuss the future of the Democratic Party. https://t.co/4aJ0oXlU5w
We need to send a very loud and very clear message to corporate America: the era of outsourcing is over.
United Technologies made $7 billion in profits last year but want to outsource 2,100 American union jobs to Mexico. Not acceptable.
We have to bring people together around the progressive agenda and make government work for all of us and not the 1%.
Our party is not about having fancy fundraisers, it’s about going into union halls, veterans’ halls, farm communities, the inner cities.
The Democratic party has got to say we are on the side of the 99%.
We owe Native Americans so much. It's time for a new approach to the Native American people, not to run a pipeline through their land. https://t.co/3fEkHitTzH
There is something profoundly wrong when the top one-tenth of one percent owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent. https://t.co/RVOgikIRDz
No employer should be allowed to deny overtime pay to Americans, by labeling workers earning as little as $24,000-a-year as "supervisors."
There can be no compromise on the issue of climate change, which is a threat to the entire planet. https://t.co/npTsDAEO1F
We are not going to give up. We are going to fight back and mobilize.
There is no working with a president who will bring forth programs based on bigotry, racism, sexism, homophobia, or xenophobia.
I think politicians and the media often underestimate the intelligence of Americans and their desire to learn about what's going on.
RT @nowthisnews: A NowThis exclusive: @BernieSanders on the fight against the DAPL and the environmental movement going forward https://t.c…
Campaigns should not be about candidates; they should be about the needs of the people.
RT @keithellison: I used to have the lowest turnout in the state. Now I have the highest. https://t.co/Fb5lmTECdM
RT @MarkRuffalo: Fellow #NoDAPL protestors should not be treated with violence. Tell the ND Governor! 701-328-2200 @Fusion https://t.co/6v5…
We say to President Obama, in any and every way that you can, stop the Dakota Access Pipeline and keep the water protectors safe. #NoDAPL
RT @KamalaHarris: Let’s make this a more perfect union by reversing Citizens United because we know Citizens United really means Citizens D…
Democracy is not a spectator sport. Don't look around and say, "Why isn't he doing it, why isn't she doing it?" Get involved yourself.
Progress takes place when young people pick up the torch and say, "This is a world we are going to change." https://t.co/S05EjaSllS
RT @politico: How @BernieSanders helped make Burlington one of the most energy self-sufficient cities in the United States https://t.co/ID1…
We are motivated by love unlike some who are motivated by hatred.
RT @standwithraul: Elections have consequences. Read why we must realign the Democratic Party: 	https://t.co/XR99BZZcvp
People have got to know that the Democratic Party has the guts to stand up to powerful people whose greed is destroying the middle class.
RT @CNN: Bernie Sanders: "A president of the United States should not have a racist at his side" https://t.co/UYpqI3esEb https://t.co/4O7Pp…
There’s incredible energy among young people in America. If we have a progressive agenda that thinks big not small, we can tap into that.
When Trump is racist, sexist, homophobic and Islamophobic, we’re going to vigorously oppose him.
RT @billmckibben: 3 great heroes: Eryn Wise, @BernieSanders and Ladonna Allard discussing Standing Rock in DC. Strength and solidarity http…
Donald Trump's appointment of a racist individual like Steve Bannon is totally unacceptable. It must be rescinded.
We must focus on grassroots America. The leadership will do what the American people want it to do when the American people stand up.
I will be damned if we’re going to go backwards and try to divide up this country again.
RT @WapoCat: @BernieSanders: @realDonaldTrump already breaking campaign promise to '#draintheswamp' https://t.co/xbQmz8dvTi #feelthebern
RT @colbertlateshow: .@BernieSanders gives us the good news and the very bad news and tries to make sense of what we do now https://t.co/Ux…
We have got to rally millions of people to stand together, to say, "We are not going to deport millions of Latinos from this country."
RT @keithellison: Here's where I want to take the Democratic Party. https://t.co/HOliZfazqJ
555,000 people agree: @keithellison should be the next DNC chair. We must become a grassroots party which stands with working families. https://t.co/oUWGt3XNAT
The Democratic Party can no longer be led by the liberal elite. We have to stand up to Wall Street and the greed of corporate America.
RT @ThisWeekABC: .@BernieSanders: Trump's appointment of Steve Bannon to White House position "should get us very nervous" https://t.co/LMM…
The Democratic Party has to stand with working people, feel their pain and take on the billionaire class, Wall Street and drug companies.
I come from the white working class, and I am deeply humiliated that the Democratic Party cannot talk to the people where I came from.
RT @CBSEveningNews: Bernie Sanders "deeply humiliated" Democrats can't talk to working class: https://t.co/5i1xbaz1ao https://t.co/eMkO0lYN…
Mr. Trump, you talked about being the champion of working families. Now produce. But we won't accept racism, sexism or xenophobia.
We need a movement which transforms this country and brings people together around an agenda that works for the middle class. https://t.co/jGIXWVjRPC
Democrats have focused too much on raising incredible sums of money from wealthy people, and have largely ignored working families.
The Democratic Party has got to say to working people, we are on your side. We are going to take on Wall Street. We won't take their money.
RT @FaceTheNation: Is Donald Trump your President? @BernieSanders responds https://t.co/tNjvNGmG5q
RT @FaceTheNation: This morning: @BernieSanders, author of Our Revolution, joins to discuss his vision for the future of the Democratic Par…
We have come too far as a country in combating discrimination. We are not going back. https://t.co/U3OreHQdTO
RT @nytopinion: Having lost the popular vote, Donald Trump would do well to heed the views of progressives, writes Bernie Sanders. https://…
We'll send a powerful message if we get more than 500,000 signatures supporting @keithellison as the next DNC chair. https://t.co/4qjMJ95w0B
The Democratic Party needs to look in the mirror and work tirelessly to become once again the party that working people know works for them.
I don't think the political establishment and the billionaires would like @keithellison as the DNC chair. Great. https://t.co/4qjMJ9n7pb
You can't be a party which on one hand says we're in favor of working people but we don't have the courage to take on Wall Street.
RT @FaceTheNation: Sunday: We'll talk to @BernieSanders on what the Democratic Party missed - and where it goes from here https://t.co/Q0OK…
People want a Democratic Party to stand up to Wall Street. That is the kind of party @keithellison will lead. https://t.co/4qjMJ9n7pb
250,000 agree that @keithellison should be DNC chair. Sounds like people want a political revolution at the DNC. https://t.co/4qjMJ9n7pb
Let's send a message to the DNC that we need a strong progressive leader in charge. Join me &amp; support @keithellison. https://t.co/xoR7JSWn6R
It would be unacceptable for Trump to turn people's anger against the poor, people of color &amp; Muslims. That's demagoguery of the worst kind.
.@KeithEllison understands that the future of the Democratic Party has got to be grassroots activism. https://t.co/xoR7JSWn6R
I don't think the political establishment and the billionaire class would like @KeithEllison as the DNC chair. Good. https://t.co/xoR7JSELIh
The next DNC chair must understand the dire need to listen to working families. Keith Ellison is that person. https://t.co/xoR7JSWn6R
Congratulations @PatrickLeahy! You are a true champion of family farmers, civil liberties and our environment. https://t.co/Ww0bI9kG1v
RT @ZephyrTeachout: Voting is power and privilege, a right and a responsibility. We are down to the wire in a razor-close race. YOUR vote m…
Tough times require bold leadership. That’s why I voted @SueMinterVT for governor. #ElectionDay https://t.co/3i9VEWeIKs
RT @DeborahRossNC: When the First Lady tells you to vote — you do it. —&gt; https://t.co/zXqievALUB https://t.co/eOW0JqTdrc
Enough with cowardly politicians protecting themselves by suppressing the vote. https://t.co/PGrde1MO9L
I can't fill in for every worker today. Election Day should be a national holiday so that everyone has the opportunity to vote. https://t.co/3J5Yzatn4m
When we talk about continuing the political revolution, we are talking about voting for @PramilaJayapal. #VotePramila https://t.co/zM2h5WQXa0
I hope today we defeat Donald Trump and we defeat him badly. https://t.co/8ttsSwcsnl https://t.co/4Q1JDdglhV
RT @Maggie_Hassan: What better way to use your lunch break than to go and vote? https://t.co/IeuslRP1RN #nhsen #nhpolitics https://t.co/L9H…
Today is an election of enormous consequence. I hope everybody gets out to vote. #ElectionDay https://t.co/JYYunxLO2R
It's not too late to register to vote in many states. There's no excuse! https://t.co/8ttsSwcsnl https://t.co/K54XRYkMbb
RT @russfeingold: TODAY is #ElectionDay, and Russ has one final message for Wisconsinites: Let's get the job done! #Russ4WI #WISen https://…
RT @Wonkblog: Bernie Sanders thinks this state ballot measure to rein in drug prices could ‘spark a national movement’ https://t.co/2YSvEzj…
.@ZephyrTeachout has thousands of contributions at $19 a piece. Billionaires fund her opponent. I know which side I'm on. #ElectionDay https://t.co/pUgBjo4njg
#ImVotingBecause Hillary Clinton will nominate justices who will overturn Citizens United and take back our democracy from billionaires.
#ImVotingBecause we need a president who will bring our nation together, not someone who will divide us by race or religion.
#ImVotingBecause it's time to tell Donald Trump, the billionaire class and huge corporations that they are going to pay their fair share.
#ImVotingBecause the future of the planet is at stake. Hillary Clinton will combat climate change. Donald Trump thinks it's a hoax.
#ImVotingBecause we cannot allow Donald Trump, who has made bigotry the cornerstone of his campaign, to divide us up.
RT @ZephyrTeachout: There are real differences between me and my opponent. If you're voting in #NY19, please share them: https://t.co/ukbaU…
The American people are tired of not being able to afford the medicine they need while the drug industry makes huge profits. #YesOn61
RT @VNewsUV: Editorial: @SueMinterVT for Governor: https://t.co/dTevVNKDO9 #uppervalley #VT
RT @nowthisnews: .@BernieSanders has an important message for young progressives who still aren't sure who to vote for https://t.co/vDtvguu…
"The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive." – Trump #ImWithHer https://t.co/nGyawwJCNo
We’re going to demand that  Donald Trump and his billionaire friends, corporate America and Wall Street start paying their fair share.
The American people are sick and tired of paying the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs. #YesOn61 https://t.co/i1lRjv1fwG
RT @HillaryClinton: "Tomorrow is the election, but that is just the beginning." —Hillary https://t.co/i6NFjnrb35 https://t.co/cYI3OuFMEA
Diversity makes us strong and we should be proud of that. @HillaryClinton understands that. Donald Trump clearly does not.
RT @SueMinterVT: On the climate change, education &amp; standing up for middle class families, @BernieSanders explains why we need @SueMinterVT…
Young people can change the world by exercising their democratic rights: vote and stand up for social, economic and environmental justice.
Don't just go vote. Drag your friends out to vote. The future of the planet is at stake. https://t.co/8ttsSvUQYL
RT @CatherineForNV: Thanks to @BernieSanders for coming to Las Vegas today to remind Nevada that every vote matters. Let's turn NV blue on…
Donald Trump is proud of his assaults on women and makes fun of people with disabilities. That is not someone who should be president.
RT @CatherineForNV: Excited to join @BernieSanders at @CSNCoyote today at 2pm to remind Las Vegans to vote on Tuesday! Come join us: https:…
This election really is not about the next four years, it is about the rest of your lives. https://t.co/g9axGV26Po
Not only do we have to defeat Donald Trump, I say @BaztaArpaio!
Los Angeles! Join Bernie at the Palladium tonight to stand up to Big Pharma. https://t.co/krPXS3vn1W
The stakes are enormously high. Literally, in terms of climate change, the future of the planet is at stake. https://t.co/YyAcmlJ8oX
RT @FOX10Phoenix: WATCH LIVE: Bernie Sanders campaigns for Hillary Clinton in Phoenix, AZ at Central High School https://t.co/SFC0Hf7VIU ht…
RT @CatherineForNV: I believe in science. In 2016 that shouldn't be a novel concept. Let's protect our environment.
RT @ajplus: “Please do not sit it out.” Bernie Sanders wants you to go vote for Hillary. https://t.co/UkHwTlgBev
RT @ZephyrTeachout: In Congress I will fight for family farms, local manufacturing, independent businesses... &amp; against big pharma driving…
The difference between @MorganLCarroll and her opponent is the Republicans think Citizens United is a good idea. https://t.co/OPgn0J2DxV
Please understand that the Koch brothers don't just want to cut Medicare and Social Security. They want to eliminate them.
On Tuesday, California can send a strong message to the pharmaceutical industry. https://t.co/apHgnn0c0U
If you sit this election out and Trump wins by a few votes, many people are going to be dealing with that reality for their entire lives.
Our job now is to see the Democratic platform implemented by a Democratic Senate, Democratic House and Hillary Clinton presidency. https://t.co/Yq2uUvZK5I
Time and again Native Americans have seen the government break solemn promises and corporations put profits ahead of their sovereign rights. https://t.co/7KGJVTljT4
What upsets me so much is we have struggled for so many years to overcome discrimination and Trump is running his campaign on bigotry.
RT @russfeingold: Russ and @BernieSanders will fight for a federal jobs program to benefit all Americans. #Russ4WI https://t.co/L8TowTJLfh
We have to have the guts to tell the fossil fuel industry that their profits are not more important than the future of the planet. https://t.co/MaNJu2OVMt
Our job is to reach out to Trump voters to tell them that we’re going to create an economy that works for all of us, not just a few.
Some are, but I think most are people who are hurting, they’re worried about their kids, they’re working longer hours for lower wages.
I do not believe that most of the people who are thinking about voting for Mr. Trump are racist or sexist.
Republicans want to throw 20 million Americans off health insurance. How many of them will die? Republicans don't have an answer.
There is one candidate running for president who has pledged to raise the minimum wage to a living wage. That is @HillaryClinton.
Hillary Clinton and I believe our job is to get more people involved in democracy not less. https://t.co/8ttsSwcsnl
Too many people have died fighting for our democracy. We are going to defend that democracy and fight off oligarchy.
RT @sacbee_news: Opinion: Here’s how to send a message to Big Pharma https://t.co/9uaF67UsoJ https://t.co/urMA7rOKtY
One of the major differences between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump is that she will do everything to overturn Citizens United.
As we speak billionaires are pouring hundreds of millions of dollars into campaigns. We will not allow billionaires to buy our government.
RT @russfeingold: .@BernieSanders knows Russ will fight for the hardworking people of Wisconsin, not corporate interests. #Russ4WI https://…
Donald Trump suffers from a very serious disease called amnesia. He seems to have forgotten 8 years ago we were losing 800,000 jobs a month. https://t.co/xBEh0pgYJO
Let me tell you something very radical. I think a campaign should be based on issues. https://t.co/K2ZOhUmZVa
RT @VTdems: Don’t forget to vote for @DaveZuckermanVT this Election Day! #vtpoli https://t.co/ICrHvnZEDs
I say to Republican governors: If you don’t have the guts to participate in an open &amp; fair election get out of politics and get another job.
We are not going back to a bigoted society. We’re not going to allow Donald Trump or anyone else to divide us up.
RT @DeborahRossNC: This is not the type of Senator North Carolina needs. #ncsen https://t.co/fShcxUG9Wz
This election is about who has the experience and vision to help working families. Without a doubt that candidate is @HillaryClinton. https://t.co/Wh5Q4APELE
RT @Carolynyjohnson: Bernie Sanders wants the feds to investigate these drug companies for possible price collusion https://t.co/mJkoRGUOT5…
How is it that Donald Trump, a multi-billionaire, doesn’t think we should raise the minimum wage to a living wage?
We have come too far as a nation to end discrimination. We aren't voting for a president who wants to bring it back. https://t.co/8ttsSvUQYL
If you want someone to stand up to billionaires like the Koch brothers, then you have to vote for @russfeingold. https://t.co/8ttsSwcsnl
.@russfeingold and I have worked together for years. I cannot wait, believe me, to see him back by my side in the U.S. Senate. https://t.co/qikHHLoAA5
Too many people have died fighting for American democracy. Don’t let Donald Trump and his friends intimidate you.
Tough times require bold leadership. That's why I'm supporting @SueMinterVT for governor. https://t.co/NrXlcGGZhr
RT @russfeingold: Hey #TeamRuss, we need your grassroots support now more than ever!		Step up, and stand with Russ now: https://t.co/wSkT3T…
RT @ZephyrTeachout: We have to take on big pharma--they spend so much on lobbying and keeping out competitors, and people bear the burden.
RT @nowthisnews: "Damn right" — @BernieSanders on stopping the #DAPL https://t.co/WPjBrCvXLC
Not only is Donald Trump going to lose on November 8th, but next year he's going to start paying his fair share of taxes.
Donald J. Trump: The worst candidate for president in the modern history of the United States. https://t.co/nJJdY8jE4P
The differences between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are day and night. The stakes are too high to sit this out. https://t.co/8ttsSwcsnl
It’s not surprising most Americans feel there isn't enough coverage of issues. ABC, NBC &amp; CBS have devoted 32 minutes all year to issues. https://t.co/FqH9EAw9v3
Total super PAC contributions from donors giving $500,000 or more now tops $1 billion. https://t.co/3YmrjCyBGL
RT @CNN: "Damn right!" Bernie Sanders fired back when a someone in the crowd yelled "Stop the Dakota Pipeline!" https://t.co/eZBAU1Ial5 htt…
The Koch brothers &amp; their network have spent at least $1.2 million to support Kelly Ayotte because she votes with the Kochs 90% of the time.
Now is the time to take on the greed of the pharmaceutical industry.
RT @WMUR9: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders campaigns for @HillaryClinton and @GovernorHassan in Plymouth - https://t.co/xPbq40Sf8K #nhpolitics #…
People are dying or getting sicker because they can’t afford their insulin, just so Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk can make outrageous profits. https://t.co/5bpwnR2jJ2
Super Pacs have raised $1.1 billion during this campaign cycle – 20% of which has come from just 10 billionaire families.
RT @HillaryforME: Big news: @SenSanders is coming back to our great state this Tuesday. You don't want to miss this! RSVP here → https://t.…
Not paying taxes makes Trump just another greedy billionaire who avoids paying his fair share of taxes while children in America go hungry. https://t.co/iko3Ni7yAN
Defeating Trump is not enough. After the election I intend to make certain that we implement Democratic platform. https://t.co/cikpwUqfPV
Election Day is an important day, but so is the day after. https://t.co/cikpwUHRev
.@Koch_Industries Our great nation can no longer be hijacked by right-wing billionaires like the Koch brothers. https://t.co/svvNE1gdJE
RT @HillaryforNH: This time tomorrow, @BernieSanders will be speaking in Plymouth! Come get out the vote with us: https://t.co/t3Yo6vUoQZ h…
We do not need a president whose cornerstone of his campaign is bigotry, is insulting Mexicans and Latinos, and Muslims and women. https://t.co/XpesrTrzHH
Now is the time for our next president to rally people against Wall Street and corporate greed and stand up for the declining middle class.
There is no rational reason why we remain the only major country not to guarantee health care to all as a right.
There is no moral excuse for the top one-tenth of 1 percent owning as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.
Americans are tired of billionaires like Trump and large profitable corporations not paying a nickel in federal income taxes.
"Under @SueMinterVT Vermont would be steered right on many important issues." https://t.co/REv4ZeAQHJ
If this election has taught us anything, it's that the American people are sick and tired of the economic, political and media status quo.
When we destroy nature, we are ultimately destroying the human beings of this planet. #NoDAPL
All over this country, Native Americans have suffered far too much, and for far too long. They deserve a voice. #NoDAPL
Over and over the government has broken its promise to respect Native American sovereign rights. Now it's time for real change. #NoDAPL
As a result of the disastrous Citizens United decision billionaires are trying to buy elections for candidates who'll represent the wealthy.
RT @SueMinterVT: For democracy to work we need you to be involved!  @BernieSanders #vtpoli #GOVOTE https://t.co/OSSBipD2eP
A new president can bring people together by leading &amp; appointing an administration that fights for working people. https://t.co/03YKh7R1Z9
RT @BostonGlobe: In @GlobeOpinion, @BernieSanders outlines what he'll do after the presidential election: https://t.co/BFRElPVCVm https://t…
.@ZephyrTeachout understands we need to stand up to powerful corporations. I need her in Congress with me. https://t.co/JAcWVNYlBo
The anger and frustration of the American people, all across the political spectrum, is palpable. https://t.co/03YKh7R1Z9
.@ZephyrTeachout "would bring a fresh perspective to Washington and governance in general." Vote Nov. 8! https://t.co/2yPCDbnTEZ
RT @SueMinterVT: Please join Sue &amp; @BernieSanders to get out the vote tomorrow at @LyndonVSC ! Please RSVP here: https://t.co/hrb9ZX9qpg #v…
I've got seven grandchildren and four kids. I worry about the future of this planet. I'm not sitting this election out. https://t.co/rzAbHG0tWC
If you don’t have the guts to run for office on your ideas @realDonaldTrump, then you shouldn’t run for office at all.
Anybody who is suppressing the vote because they know that those people will vote against them is a political coward. https://t.co/VFKmBOohXo
Electing @DeborahRossNC, a superior candidate, could change the ossified, obstructionist state of Senate politics. https://t.co/njT9d4N4IS
RT @statnews: One state tried to limit OxyContin prescriptions before opioids became a crisis. The drug's maker thwarted the plan https://t…
No laws prevent drug companies from doubling or tripling prices. So they just do it. We are going to change that. https://t.co/xsck3Aktcx
Vermont can lead the country in transforming our energy system and combating climate change, but we need to elect @SueMinterVT first.
I agree @Maggie_Hassan. The choice in New Hampshire could not be clearer. https://t.co/JghYxJxpeU
The soaring cost of medicine is a major health crisis nationwide. Mylan hiked the price of EpiPens, a 40-year-old medication, by 461%. https://t.co/tAuW218EgE
.@SpeakerRyan with your help we raised more than $2.4 million and received 500,000 contributions to take back Congress! #ThanksPaul https://t.co/bB52bnvDor
When we flip the Senate we’re going to make public colleges and universities tuition free. #ThanksPaul https://t.co/uVSaAQ30qs
Paul Ryan had no small dollar donors to his campaign in 3 months, but thanks to @SpeakerRyan we raised $2.2 million in 3 days. #ThanksPaul
#ThanksPaul #MondayMotivation https://t.co/js1mfL3S4E
#ThanksPaul for helping to continue the political revolution. https://t.co/V9rHAcRxfD
We can flip the House and Senate and, better yet, we can do it with small donors. #ThanksPaul https://t.co/PF9CmubJpK
I heard what @SpeakerRyan said: If the GOP loses the Senate, I'll be the Budget chairman. Sounds good to me. #ThanksPaul https://t.co/YhOzM80UWa
Nice majority you got there @SpeakerRyan. Be a shame if someone flipped it. #ThanksPaul https://t.co/W6xpgn8rAS
.@SpeakerRyan is more afraid of Bernie Sanders becoming Budget Committee chairman than he is of Donald Trump. #ThanksPaul https://t.co/KIRWO3bGX9
Make Paul Ryan’s nightmare come true:	✅ Elect Democrats to the Senate 	✅ Make Bernie a chairman 	✅ Enact a progressive agenda. 	#ThanksPaul
You know what happens when we take back the Senate, @SpeakerRyan? We continue the political revolution. #ThanksPaul
We don’t need millionaires and billionaires to flip the Senate. We just need you. #ThanksPaul https://t.co/VkoCB8E1TX
Paul Ryan said he’s worried about ​me becoming Budget Committee chair. What happened next? $2.4 million raised for Democrats. #ThanksPaul https://t.co/hdzRAHGuF0
Let's thank @SpeakerRyan for helping us raise $2.4 million to continue the political revolution. #ThanksPaul https://t.co/DzchOoKywt
Paul Ryan said if Republicans lose the Senate, a guy named Bernie Sanders becomes Budget Committee Chair. Sounds like a plan! #ThanksPaul
The administration should kill the Time Warner-AT&amp;T merger. This deal would mean higher prices and fewer choices for the American people.
RT @SueMinterVT: Something is profoundly wrong when people in Bennington are working 2 or 3 jobs just to meet their basic needs @BernieSand…
RT @SueMinterVT: We need a governor who is going to take a hard look at the issues we are facing. Please join me in supporting Sue Minter.…
RT @SueMinterVT: Vermonters will show that billionaires cannot buy elections -@BernieSanders #vtpoli https://t.co/NeIXC5RLyk
I have 7 beautiful grandchildren and 4 kids. I do not want Donald Trump to be their president. https://t.co/33MEtcBt9T
RT @VTdems: Don't forget - @BernieSanders &amp; @SueMinterVT will be in Montpelier TONIGHT! Doors open @5 Details here --&gt; https://t.co/OGEIyHo…
No laws prevent drug companies from doubling or tripling prices. So they just do it. Look at EpiPens. Mylan jacked up the price 461%.
Katie McGinty, the Best Choice for the Senate in Pennsylvania -@nytimes https://t.co/ss8jWOXCgT
A yes vote on Proposition 61 will send a strong message to Big Pharma and Washington. https://t.co/xsck3A2SkZ
RT @WPJohnWagner: Bernie Sanders taps his donor network to raise nearly $2 million in two days for House, Senate contenders https://t.co/Rr…
Donald Trump is the most dangerous candidate to run for president in the modern history of America. Period.
RT @Wonkblog: Bernie Sanders wants to know why this cancer drug costs nearly $200,000 a year https://t.co/DJzETbFm9U
RT @VTdems: Join @BernieSanders, @SueMinterVT, and the VT Dem ticket TOMORROW in Montpelier! Click the link to RSVP! #vpoli	https://t.co/OG…
Here's what I think of Donald Trump: https://t.co/4DPeDAFlro #debatenight
Donald Trump is the least qualified person to become president in the history of our country. Go vote! #debatenight https://t.co/8ttsSwcsnl
No major U.S. company has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection more than Trump’s casino empire in the last 30 years. #debatenight
RT @RichardTrumka: .@HillaryClinton looked me in the eye and told me she's against #TPP. I've known her for 30 years and I believe her. #de…
Where does the steel Trump used to construct his hotels come from? Not Pennsylvania, Ohio or Wisconsin. It came from China. #debatenight
I say to Donald Trump: instead of giving speeches about trade why don't you lead by example and make your goods in America. #debatenight
If Trump was really concerned about companies going abroad, maybe he would make his ties in the United States, not China. #debatenight
Donald Trump’s vision for America: tax breaks for billionaires and large corporations, poverty wages for working families. #debatenight
.@HillaryClinton understands we need to provide a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants and keep families together. #debatenight
We simply cannot turn back the clock by electing a president whose anti-immigrant rants have slurred Mexicans as "rapists" and "criminals."
We must defend the fundamental right of women to control their own bodies, including a woman’s right to have an abortion. #debatenight
Trump’s Supreme Court nominees would oppose a woman’s right to choose, support Citizens United and gut the Voting Rights Act. #debatenight
Ahead of tonight's final presidential debate, here are some of Bernie's best takedowns of Donald Trump. #debatenight	https://t.co/4DPeDAFlro
Paul Ryan knows that if the GOP loses the Senate we're going to enact our progressive agenda. Let's make it happen. https://t.co/gvtBvwX2It
Too many young people with a burning desire to get a higher education are unable to do that for one reason: their family lacks the money.
If for no other reason that the future of this planet, which is a pretty big reason, you should be voting for Hillary Clinton.
RT @nowthisnews: ‘It’s not my political revolution. It’s your political revolution.’ – @BernieSanders https://t.co/TW9T4Sp089 https://t.co/…
We are going to create a government that works for the middle class and not Sheldon Adelson, Donald Trump and the billionaires.
RT @CatherineForNV: Great time w/ @BernieSanders! I hope to join him in USSen to make college affordable, economy that works for all, &amp; ove…
I heard what @SpeakerRyan said: If the GOP loses the Senate, I'll be the Budget chairman. Sounds like a good idea. https://t.co/9EFfzgimCX
We cannot elect a man to be president who objectifies women, who brags about assaulting women.
In our entire history there hasn’t been a less qualified person to become president from a character or policy perspective than Trump.
It’s time for Congress to stand up to the pharmaceutical industry. We need senators like @DeborahRossNC who will fight for working families. https://t.co/GqEAw19ir1
RT @MoveOn: Check out the policy commitments that have @BernieSanders and @MichelleObama boasting about @HillaryClinton. https://t.co/vufMP…
Trump has a “brilliant" idea to deport 11 million undocumented people. @HillaryClinton and I believe we need real immigration reform.
RT @DaveZuckermanVT: Join us this Friday Oct.21st in Montpelier at 5pm. #GOTV Rally with @BernieSanders RSVP here: https://t.co/AUtrk8SMxH…
RT @CatherineForNV: Hope you can join me and @BernieSanders at tomorrow’s rally in Reno! #NVTogether Sign up here: https://t.co/pGNKQGV7G6
We will not accept a candidate who insults our Mexican brothers and sisters, who calls them "rapists" and "criminals."
Gary Johnson: “Any restriction on campaign spending violates the First amendment.”	Translation: Billionaires will be free to buy elections.
RT @KOB4: Watch Live: Bernie Sanders speaks at UNM  https://t.co/IvR77WCPqV
Democracy is not a spectator sport. People fought and died, so you can help determine the future of this country. https://t.co/8ttsSwcsnl
Progressive economists agree: @HillaryClinton's economic agenda will reduce inequality, raise wages and create jobs. https://t.co/jACCRXa19p
Our health care system is designed to make huge profits for the drug companies and insurance companies. That’s why I support #ColoradoCare.
The health care system isn't designed to keep us healthy, it's designed to make huuuge profits.
RT @nowthisnews: .@BernieSanders answers the most important question: Why should his supporters vote for Hillary Clinton? (a NowThis exclus…
RT @NationalNurses: Crowd geared up for #ColoradoCare rally in Boulder! CO kids know we need to say #YesOn69! Healthcare is a human right!…
RT @CatherineForNV: Nevada: TOMORROW is the last day to register to vote online or in person! Check your registration at https://t.co/o30iL…
RT @DeborahRossNC: Don’t wait until November 8th to vote for Deborah — early vote starts on Thursday. You can still register during early v…
RT @coloradoan: We're live with folks heading to Bernie Sanders' rally at CSU on FB now: https://t.co/kdd7NFtfte cc @NColtrain
We will make public colleges and universities tuition free for all working families in America.
We have some bad news for Donald. Not only is he not going to be president but he is going to start paying his fair share of taxes.
#MondayMotivation https://t.co/A6s4EA1LEM
It is the most common sense idea in the world to say, "You want an education, of course you're going to get that education."
Our job is to have the highest voter turnout in the world, not one of the lowest.
I say to Donald Trump: instead of giving speeches about trade why don't you lead by example and make your goods in America.
It's amazing that a billionaire like Trump doesn't have the guts to call for an increase in the starvation minimum wage of $7.25 an hour.
Change comes about when we understand that 100 years ago women weren't running for president, they didn't even have the right to vote.
RT @NBCNews: WATCH LIVE: Sens. Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren campaign together for Hillary Clinton https://t.co/PPsKXmSc69 https://t.…
We are not going to allow Donald Trump and other demagogues to divide us up. We will stand together.
RT @nowthisnews: Paul Ryan is more afraid of Bernie Sanders than he is of Donald Trump https://t.co/f3IwLS5MDh
For 100 years Planned Parenthood has provided health care to millions of women. We aren't going to defund @PPFA, we're going to expand it. https://t.co/KWQg0KiAc8
On the basic economic issues – trade, minimum wage, climate change, pay equity – Gary Johnson's positions are disastrous.
The Democratic platform is a very progressive document but no president will be able to implement it unless millions of people stand up.
There are a lot of smart people in the U.S. Congress but they don't have the guts to stand up and fight. @PramilaJayapal does!
It's not enough to go back to pre-Citizens United. We need to have public funding of elections.
Register to vote --&gt; https://t.co/8ttsSwcsnl https://t.co/ZU1gFeE0o4
Join Bernie and Sen. Elizabeth Warren in Denver at 6 PM today: https://t.co/JADxiCceb0
I have some news for Donald Trump and his friends -- you are going to have to pay your fair share of taxes.
RT @WPJohnWagner: Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren teaming up Sunday to pitch Clinton to progressives https://t.co/BpE4FBMRKV
I know this is a radical idea, but we have to inject morality into our political process.
RT @PramilaJayapal: Thanks to our speakers, staff, volunteers, &amp; everyone else who helped to create such an incredible night! #BernieAndPra…
Our job is to tell the pharmaceutical industry that we won't continue to pay by far the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs.
If we beat the drug industry in California we are going to put them on the defensive and lower the cost of medication across this country.
High drug prices isn’t just about people dying, it’s about people having to go deeply into debt to get the medication they need.
Drug companies make huge profits and executives get big compensation package, while Americans die because they can't afford their medication
If you want to understand why we pay such high drug prices listen to this: Since 1998 the drug industry has spent $3 billion on lobbying.
While millions of Americans cannot afford the medication they need, last year the 5 major drug corporations made $50 billion in profit.
RT @RealTimers: TONIGHT @ 10: Sen. @BernieSanders @AnnCoulter @RTraister #AndrewSullivan and former Sen. #BobKerrey join @BillMaher LIVE on…
California's Proposition 61 is a real blow against the greedy pharmaceutical industry that will reverberate all over America.
It's time to stop skyrocketing drug prices. Bernie is in LA to support Prop 61. Watch here: https://t.co/GoSDJKp7z4
RT @CUBoulder: Sen. Bernie Sanders visiting #CUBoulder’s Farrand Field for Amendment 69 event on 10/17. https://t.co/p7bFhBJL6p
RT @HillaryClinton: "If you vote for someone other than Hillary—or if you don't vote at all—then you are helping to elect her opponent." —@…
This is 2016. I can understand school boys in the third grade making stupid remarks, not somebody who’s running for president.
.@SueMinterVT understands that the key for Vermont's economic future is opening up higher education to all Vermonters, regardless of income.
RT @PramilaJayapal: @BernieSanders is coming to Seattle to headline a Get Out The Vote rally for @PramilaJayapal! Ticket Info: https://t.co…
RT @AIDSHealthcare: SO CAL! Come see the revolutionary @BernieSanders speak at the Yes on Prop 61 tomorrow in Hollywood, CA! @YesonProp61 h…
When you run for president there has got to be at least a threshold of decency.
RT @MotherJones: Bernie Sanders Just Asked President Obama to Halt the Dakota Access Pipeline https://t.co/ThFcOPsteY
RT @russfeingold: We always knew this would be a close race. And we can’t afford to take anything for granted.		Stand with Russ now: https:…
Must Read: Proposition 61 will help reduce outrageous prescription drug prices https://t.co/hOijNqCWdo
If any of the people who voted for me take a hard look at what Gary Johnson stands for, they will not support him. https://t.co/yWj35iADs9
Bright, young people cannot get a college education for one reason—their families cannot afford it. That is going to change.
Please take a minute to help people struggling in the aftermath of Hurricane Matthew. https://t.co/I5uQC78Nf6
While drug companies make huge profits, people are dying because they can't afford their medication. Prop 61 is an important step forward. https://t.co/580hxExnsI
RT @russfeingold: "Clinton, Feingold &amp; I know the future of our country depends on what happens to our young people.” -@BernieSanders https…
RT @TheDemocrats: We need to act now to save our planet for future generations. Commit to vote for Democrats: https://t.co/N5YvHQAMCp https…
Donald Trump's position on climate change is so ludicrous that it really would be funny if the future of the planet were not at stake.
Donald Trump thinks climate change is a hoax. @HillaryClinton understands we must transition to renewable energy. The choice is clear.
We must do everything we can to make certain that Hillary Clinton is the next president. Register to vote: https://t.co/YyAcmlJ8oX
I know that @DeborahRossNC would make a fantastic member of the U.S. Senate – one who would stand up for working families no matter what.
RT @ZephyrTeachout: Good morning! Four weeks from today is the election. What you do to volunteer could decide it--it's that close. https:/…
I have met people in every state who have hope in their eyes and are prepared to come together to transform our country. https://t.co/XLGNdQhekg
RT @HillaryforNH: "We are going to make public colleges and universities tuition-free for the middle class of this country." — @BernieSande…
RT @WMUR9: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders campaigns for @HillaryClinton at Keene State College: https://t.co/492Oyx5WoH #fitn #nhpolitics https…
Our strength as a nation is in fact our diversity. We can disagree on the issues but we cannot respect a candidate who runs on bigotry.
In America, we should be doing everything possible to make it easier for people to participate in the political process. https://t.co/0rYTryueTo
Happy birthday @JoyVBehar! I know turning 40 isn’t easy but don’t worry things get better as you get older. https://t.co/UjgTWbpFG3
This campaign isn't a personality contest. We're not voting for high school class president. This is about the survival of the middle class.
Watch Bernie live in Bangor, Maine: https://t.co/2z8DEXtxQR
.@realDonaldTrump rather than just talking about bad trade deals, why don't you lead by example and stop making your products in Bangladesh.
RT @gzornick: .@BernieSanders Has a Plan to Fix the Trump-Friendly Tax Code https://t.co/fVGLJKGKpk
RT @HillaryforNH: The stakes have never been higher. Join @BernieSanders tomorrow at Keene State to hear why—doors open at 1:00pm! https://…
It is not a radical idea to suggest that anyone in this country who works 40 to 50 hours per week should not be living in poverty.
The reason that Trump's campaign is particularly dangerous and un-American is that he's named the cornerstone of his campaign bigotry
I say to cowardly Republican governors trying to suppress the vote: If you can’t stand on your ideas, you should get out of politics.
As a father and grandfather I worry every day that this country is moving closer and closer to an oligarchic form of society.
We've got a message for Mr. Trump &amp; the billionaires: @HillaryClinton is gonna get elected &amp; they're going to start paying their fair share.
Billionaires in America – they own the system. Why do they have to pay taxes when they can get you to pay taxes?
Trump, a multi-billionaire, does not pay a nickel in federal income taxes. And he's proud of that! He thinks he can stiff the middle class.
RT @PolicyMic: Watch live: @BernieSanders stumps for @HillaryClinton at the University of Michigan https://t.co/I02rkUNJB5
Donald Trump hurls insults at women that I can't even repeat. @janeosanders would kill me.
We are not going to let Donald Trump and right-wing Republicans destroy the American labor movement.
RT @TheYoungTurks: .@BernieSanders LIVE at a UAW chapter in Michigan 	https://t.co/AnhZkWq8y6
RT @HillaryClinton: "On every issue, Hillary Clinton is the superior candidate. Hands down." —@BernieSanders: https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https…
RT @russfeingold: .@BernieSanders is on #TeamRuss, and it was such an honor to have him on the campaign trail with us today in Madison! htt…
.@realDonaldTrump We will not sit back and allow women to be called slobs.
The days of racism, sexism, homophobia, I want to see those days behind us. I don't want to see a president who will continue that ugliness.
I cannot wait to have @russfeingold back by my side in the United States Senate.
Watch Bernie live in Madison with @russfeingold: https://t.co/UGTCXRy6qa
.@HillaryClinton holds the radical view we should listen to scientists. Compared to Republicans today that's sadly a pretty radical idea.
RT @russfeingold: Russ and @BernieSanders are looking forward to a fired up crowd today in Madison!		See you soon! https://t.co/CwLBmkOASx…
Last year, the 5 largest drug companies made $50 billion in profit. Meanwhile, 1 in 5 Americans can't afford to fill their prescriptions.
Donald Trump has a “brilliant” idea. Throw 20 million Americans off health insurance. How many of those people do you think will die?
RT @iowademocrats: "You should not have to leave school 50 or 100,000 dollars in debt." @BernieSanders on the plan he has worked on w/@Hill…
How many scientists, engineers and teachers aren't getting an education because their families lack the income to pay for college?
In America, finally, we will make public colleges and universities tuition free for the middle class. That is a big deal.
Donald Trump thinks that only the middle class and working families should pay their fair share in taxes. Well, I disagree.
Bernie is live in Des Moines now. Watch here: https://t.co/5QKVp6SC54
I don't want to live in a country where seniors are trying to live on $10,000 a year, where we have veterans sleeping out on the streets.
RT @tammybaldwin: @BernieSanders will be in Green Bay today. RSVP here: https://t.co/Z9HbcOZ5rl
Real change never takes place from the top down. It always comes from the bottom on up.
I believe Americans who care about our country, our kids and our veterans understand that we must pay our taxes – even the billionaires.
Day after day Donald Trump insults women and veterans and Mexicans. We need a president that brings us together not divides us up.
RT @readbrooks: Sanders: "Look at which candidate is going to stand up for working families, and which candidate is going to stand up for t…
Our job is to defeat, and defeat badly, the worst candidate for president in the modern history of the United States. https://t.co/BUolsdTEOh
You cannot have sane public policy if you reject science which is precisely what Donald Trump and other Republicans are doing.
Our job is to elect @HillaryClinton and to understand that on the day after we are not finished. We must continue the movement.
I find it incomprehensible that Trump talks about trade at the same time that he makes his products in low-wage countries around the world.
If you look at which candidate has the ideas to protect working families, the answer is clear: @HillaryClinton
It is insane for millions of our young people to leave school with thousands of dollars in debt and to be paying it for years.
We've got children sleeping on the street. The Walton family of Walmart does not need a $53 billion tax break.
Let me congratulate Minnesota for sending @keithellison to the United States Congress. He’s a leader on issue after issue.
Hillary understands climate change is real and creating devastating problems. Trump believes we should expand fossil fuel production.
RT @StarTribune: Livestream: Bernie Sanders campaigns for Clinton in Minnesota at 3 p.m. https://t.co/mukkgHwMYq https://t.co/lu2p3Jm9Xn
RT @DebDingell: Sen. Bernie Sanders is coming to MI! Join us at Dearborn, https://t.co/jBsOxAd8aA, and Ann Arbor, https://t.co/WiPdzez5S3,…
RT @russfeingold: Join Russ and @BernieSanders for an exciting event in Madison TOMORROW! 		RSVP here: https://t.co/DuI73Zk2Pt https://t.co…
Mr. Trump has made millions in profits, while U.S. steelworkers in the Midwest are being thrown out on the street. https://t.co/4dsS0gcmvw
Trump has been called “a race-baiting, xenophobic, religious bigot.” That’s not me talking. That’s Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham.
We cannot turn back the clock by electing a president whose birther conspiracy was a racist attack on our first African-American president.
The job of the next president is to bring us together, not divide us up. Sadly, Trump has made bigotry the cornerstone of his campaign.
Four Reasons to Say “NO” to Donald Trump https://t.co/9WukQTtC2G
How can Trump, with a straight face, object to outsourcing while his own company exploits workers around the world to make his products?
Trump talks a lot about our trade policies and outsourcing American jobs but his own clothing line is made in Bangladesh, Mexico and China.
It's beyond belief that any serious candidate would support huge tax breaks for the top 1% while cutting services to working families.
RT @HillaryClinton: Corporations that benefit from all that America has to offer should feel a sense of responsibility toward shareholders…
At a time of massive income and wealth inequality, we must not elect a president who wants to resurrect failed trickle-down economics.
There is no question that @HillaryClinton is, far and away, the superior candidate in this election. https://t.co/DmgBGOToHL
RT @YahooNews: Bernie Sanders: If my supporters 'take a hard look' at what Gary Johnson stands for, they won't vote for him https://t.co/yi…
RT @ABCPolitics: .@BernieSanders calls Trump tax revelation "outrageous." #ThisWeek https://t.co/B2xk9zHOtB
RT @CNNSotu: .@BernieSanders tells @jaketapper he is ‘disgusted’ by @realDonaldTrump not paying income taxes	 https://t.co/Xc5uUJtYrF
This is exactly why people are angry and want real change. https://t.co/QlaaOwf7Cf
Middle class families pay their taxes. But billionaires like Mr. Trump don't have to thanks to their friends in Congress.
In the year 2016, we can no longer tolerate sexism. Trump really doesn’t get it.
It's pretty telling that Donald Trump thinks the problem with his sexist tweets is the time that they were sent. https://t.co/jF09wLSwao
When Republicans say it's OK to give billions in tax breaks to the top 1%, don't tell me we can't afford to make public college available.
RT @ZephyrTeachout: My opponent, John Faso, was a lobbyist for payday lenders and pipeline companies. I've fought for people. There's a pre…
RT @CNNSotu: Sunday on #CNNSOTU @BernieSanders joins @jaketapper to discuss the 2016 race! https://t.co/4rz48kEI4V
You want to know who wishes they hadn’t made a deal? All of the small business owners stiffed by Donald Trump. https://t.co/glWnLHWikG
RT @HillaryClinton: Barack&amp;	Michelle&amp;	Joe&amp;	Bernie&amp;	Elizabeth&amp;	You?		https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/myxRlsyFOb
RT @BuzzFeedNews: .@SenSherrodBrown, @BernieSanders, @SenWarren, @brianschatz &amp; more call for global supercourt to be removed from TPP http…
RT @CatherineForNV: @BernieSanders is right. Students shouldn't have to mortgage away their future to go to college. At @unevadareno today…
If you’ve got student debt or you’re about to go to college, you can find out exactly how our plan will help you: https://t.co/pmRZldteBu
The plan @HillaryClinton and I worked on says: if your kid studies hard and does well, regardless of income, your kid can go to college.
RT @HillaryClinton: "Thank you, @BernieSanders. Thank you for your leadership and your support in this campaign.” —Hillary
This election is enormously important for the future of this country. It is imperative that we elect @HillaryClinton as our next president.
At a time when we have massive income inequality, it is disgraceful for Trump and his friends to talk about tax breaks for the 1 percent.
I want young people to leave school excited about the future, not being saddled with tens of thousands of dollars in student debt.
When we talk about public education it is no longer enough to talk about grades 1-12. We must talk about making college tuition free.
RT @HillaryClinton: Tune in for a live conversation on making college affordable for all with Hillary and @BernieSanders at @UofNH → https:…
WATCH: Bernie and @HillaryClinton discuss how we make college affordable for every American. https://t.co/bubMZaFdQf
RT @ZephyrTeachout: All hands on deck! The race is tied--please sign up to volunteer here:		https://t.co/9e2ktu6AVa https://t.co/B5jb4j0h3J
What Trump is trying to do is pretend that he’s some kind of champion of working people. How hypocritical can you be?
RT @ZephyrTeachout: Watch this short video about how I met Bernie Sanders--and how we must stop the TPP! #ny19 https://t.co/94EBZTeX2X
RT @daveweigel: Hillary’s up-front promise to raise the min wage was the first debate mention of the min wage — at all — since 2004. https:…
It is absurd that Republicans would rather shut down the government than ensure families in Flint have clean drinking water.
"If the billionaires on Wall Street can get billions for the mess they made and get bailed out, we don't need band-aids." https://t.co/ZWChjCsoBb
"I'm just scared people are going to forget about us and forget about these children." https://t.co/8mD4MyLyXW
"I lost twins in July of 2015 due to being poisoned." https://t.co/PG2bngJE8y
"It's heartbreaking to see some of my best friends go through this water crisis and not be able to shower or just drink water." https://t.co/qCXD6wLA3Z
Republicans are refusing to help people in Flint get clean drinking water. I visited Flint last winter. What I heard was devastating.
RT @MeetThePress: TODAY at 5pET → @chucktodd talks to @BernieSanders, GOP strategist Steve Schmidt and @ChrisKofinis on @MSNBC! #debates #D…
We need automatic voter registration, so that students and working people can make their voices heard. #NationalVoterRegistrationDay
Make no mistake: the billionaire class doesn't want us to vote. Stand up to the billionaires &amp; register to vote. https://t.co/YyAcmlJ8oX
https://t.co/YyAcmlJ8oX https://t.co/ZjS5EOiV95
I'm going to do all I can to make sure Trump does not become president. That work continues tomorrow in New Hampshire with @HillaryClinton. https://t.co/7uBzP4mULz
I am going to work as hard as I can to make sure Donald Trump does not become the next president. Register to vote. https://t.co/IoDsHhbM4R
Trump wants more tax breaks for billionaires, won't raise the min. wage &amp; denies climate change. This isn't someone who should be president.
Millions of young people are leaving school deeply in debt, impacting their future. Does Trump have anything to say about that? #debatenight
NBC has documented at least 117 times Trump has switched positions on immigration to guns to abortion since he announced he was running.
The difficulty of discussions with Donald Trump is that he lies all the time. That's not my view. That's the view of media that covers him.
Speaking of generals, four-star General Colin Powell referred to Trump as “a national disgrace” and an “international pariah.” #debatenight
This is crazy. After trying to delegitimize Obama's presidency now Trump says he did the country a favor. #debatenight
How dare Trump express concerns about African Americans when his birther efforts attempted to delegitimize @POTUS. What a hypocrite!
.@HillaryClinton is right: Private prisons are a disgrace. Corporations should not make profits off the imprisonment of fellow Americans.
I don't often agree with @MittRomney but he's right: Trump is a "fraud" and a "phony." #DebateWithBernie
Absolutely disgraceful! #debates
One of the great disgraces of Trump's behavior has been his leadersip in the "birther movement" - a racist effort. #DebateWithBernie
The US has more people in jail than any country. 2.2 million people. This is a disgrace. We need real criminal justice reform. #debates
Oh yeah, Trump will stand up for working people. 7 of his 13 top economic aids are Wall Street bankers. Just what the country needs more of.
Many of these lawsuits were filed by working class americans who worked for Trump and never got paid.
I don't know if it's a world record but Donald Trump has been sued more than 3,500 times over the past 30 years. #DebateWithBernie
Trump's proposals wouldn't just give huge tax breaks to billionaires they'd cut pell grants to make college affordable by $28 billion.
The Walton family of Walmart would get a $53 billion tax break if the estate tax is repealed, which is what Trump wants. #DebateWithBernie
Trump’s tax plan includes eliminating the estate tax which provides a $353 billion tax break to the top .3% &amp; $4 billion to his own family.
Here is Trump's tax proposal: $3 trillion in tax cuts to millionaires. Exactly the wrong policy at exactly the wrong time. #debates
Donald Trump thinks climate change is a hoax created by the Chinese. Unbelievable. #DebateWithBernie https://t.co/XPHniyUdY6
If Trump is concerned about companies going abroad maybe he should move his plants out of Bangladesh where workers are paid 30 cents an hour
Glad Trump is concerned about manufacturing jobs going abroad. He might want to start making his clothing in the US not low-wage countries.
I hope Trump tells us what happens to the 20 million he would throw off health insurance. How many will die or become much sicker? #debates
I hope Trump tells us tonight why despite all the scientific evidence he thinks climate change is a "hoax.” #DebateWithBernie
I hope Trump tells us tonight why, amidst huge inequality, he thinks we should give huge tax breaks to billionaires. #DebateWithBernie
It's #debatenight so it's time to #DebateWithBernie. https://t.co/ekSzNFl053
What we have to do is focus on the issues, not see tonight as an entertainment show. #debatetonight
Younger people, more than any other generation, are sick and tired of discrimination and racism.
Donald Trump wants to give billions of dollars in tax breaks to the top 1%. @HillaryClinton knows the wealthiest must pay their fair share. https://t.co/FDPig6ZdCZ
On the issue of climate change @HillaryClinton has a strong plan to transform our energy system. Donald Trump? He thinks it's a hoax. https://t.co/mgTOsJhyPm
Given the crises we face - income inequality, climate change, student debt - this moment in history is not the time for a protest vote.
Register to vote: https://t.co/lJxnT7xwhh
Donald Trump is a pathological liar. https://t.co/4iU3Lj10nG
Democracy is not about cowardly Republican governors trying to suppress the vote. But all over this country that is what we are seeing.
Today's aristocracy is an American billionaire class that has unprecedented economic and political influence over our lives.
A Donald Trump presidency would be an absolute disaster for the working people of this country. Register to vote: https://t.co/lJxnT7xwhh
RT @jimtankersley: Hillary Clinton has a new plan to raise estate taxes for billion---- wait! Is that Bernie Sanders' music?? https://t.co/…
.@realDonaldTrump's plan to eliminate the estate tax wouldn't help working families. It's a $4 billion tax break for his own family.
A progressive estate tax on the wealthiest 0.2% of Americans is the fairest way to reduce wealth inequality and invest in working families.
.@HillaryClinton understands we need a tax system which asks billionaires to pay their fair share &amp; reduces the obscene level of inequality.
.@realDonaldTrump’s solution to massive inequality is to provide a tax break worth $353 billion to the top 0.2% by ending the estate tax.
In America today we have a grotesque level of wealth &amp; income inequality in which the top 0.1% owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90%.
RT @MarkRuffalo: Amount of Fossil fuels we can extract and still beat climate change? ZERO, ZIP, NADA Recalculating the Climate Math  https…
RT @nytimes: Hillary Clinton: My plan for helping America's poor https://t.co/L6UTnTnEEq via @nytopinion https://t.co/1sUBEPjIHZ
What would a Donald Trump presidency mean for the people of this country? I think it would be an absolute disaster, beyond a disaster.
One thing I am proud of is that there's a lot more support for the concept of democratic socialism today than there was before the campaign.
RT @thenation: Bernie Sanders: The ‘Nation’ Interview https://t.co/5PVLlAFCvP
RT @PramilaJayapal: RT if you look forward to seeing these two standing together in Congress!	@PramilaJayapal &amp; @ZephyrTeachout #NotMeUs ht…
When @HillaryClinton says she’s going to make public colleges and universities tuition-free, you know what? That's a very big deal.
"In large part because of all of you, I am convinced that America's best days are ahead of us." –@HillaryClinton https://t.co/0QmvWXibPw
Whether we boldly address the crisis of climate change or make a bad situation worse, depends on the outcome of this election.
When we stand together - as white, black and hispanic, gay and straight, women and men - we trump hate. https://t.co/B8aVUwudDc
It is crazy that we have veterans sleeping out on the streets, who risked their lives to defend us.
RT @ABCPolitics: .@BernieSanders criticizes Trump's "birther" statements: "A man who does things like that must not become president" https…
You don't run a campaign, as Donald Trump has done, based on bigotry - trying to divide us up, scapegoating Muslims, Mexicans and others.
I have 7 beautiful grandchildren and 4 kids. I do not want Donald Trump to be their president. https://t.co/cXIoq1n5Po
.1 percent of Americans own 90 percent of the wealth. But Donald Trump wants to give more tax breaks to the top 1 percent.
This is the wealthiest country in the world, yet children have been poisoned by lead in the water because of crumbling infrastructure.
I happen to believe, and @HillaryClinton happens to believe, that if you work 40 hours a week you should not be living in poverty.
When your friends say they won't vote, ask how much student debt they have. There's only one candidate who will make college affordable.
When we talk about public education it's no longer good enough to talk about 1st-12th grade. We must talk about making college tuition free.
In the year 2016, we cannot accept bigotry as the cornerstone of any campaign for president of the United States.
Donald Trump was a leader in the "Birther Movement," which tried to delegitimize President Obama. That is nothing less than racism.
RT @NBCNews: WATCH LIVE: Bernie Sanders campaigns for Hillary Clinton in Ohio https://t.co/36HxZirvMm
What is Donald Trump's position on climate change? He thinks it's a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese. That is insane.
I very rarely quote @MittRomney but he hit the nail on the head when he said Donald Trump is a “fraud” and a “phony."
.@KatieMcGintyPA is going to join me and Elizabeth Warren and together we are saying to the billionaire class, “You cannot have it all."
RT @TheDemocrats: "If you look at the issues... @HillaryClinton by far is the superior candidate." -@BernieSanders https://t.co/Iw9pxGbuIS
Donald Trump isn’t going to stand with working people. He's a billionaire who calls for massive tax breaks for the 1 percent.
Join me and @KatieMcGintyPA today at 5 PM. https://t.co/mXCFvjOkTW
.@ZephyrTeachout is a leader at a time when we are in desperate need of bold leaders.
We cannot allow ourselves to be divided by the bigoted, xenophobic hysteria the Republican party has concocted.
Private prisons are not cheaper or safer. They are just morally repugnant. https://t.co/zyJolF79kT
Katie McGinty was one of the first Senate candidates to back a $15 minimum wage. I'm pleased to join her on Friday. https://t.co/752XI1xxOw
Those concerned about the cost of transitioning to renewable energy should truly fear the cost if we fail to do so. https://t.co/KmfivHRfNT
Our political revolution needs people like Zephyr Teachout in Congress. RSVP here: https://t.co/b1Il48ZgZs https://t.co/z999VzNNQk
This country and this planet cannot afford to elect people who continue to believe that climate change is a hoax. https://t.co/V35rya3nbf
It's time we pursue policies that transform America into a nation that affirms the value of its people of color. https://t.co/eX3gG5IPdy
Our trade deals have been written by corporate CEOs to benefit corporate CEOs—at the expense of regular citizens. https://t.co/VD12KKRpPf
Like NAFTA, the TPP would force U.S workers to compete with folks making pennies an hour. It's a race to the bottom. https://t.co/9XNIevo19V
I applaud the broad coalition that has organized a national day of action to ensure Congress #StopTPP
Our free trade agreements have been a disaster. The Trans-Pacific Partnership is more of the same, but even worse. https://t.co/Xzha33SUFh
Corporate-backed trade	agreements like TPP have significantly contributed to the race to the bottom and the collapse of our middle class.
Someone who is working 40 hours a week should not be struggling to provide food for their family. https://t.co/a7ZZeHoWwy
It's unacceptable that for so long, Native Americans have been treated as third class citizens. That has to change. https://t.co/7jwtisgpTb
We can't make the changes this country needs unless we are prepared to take on Wall Street and corporate America. https://t.co/gC0wTRUvnZ
We don't need another fracked oil pipeline. Now is the time to transition away from fossil fuel. #NoDAPL https://t.co/GsMb7Lfg1b
We cannot ignore the emotional and physical destruction that occurs when we ignore the needs of children in poverty. https://t.co/q75Pr6aiuV
I was able to work with Secretary Clinton on this major step forward in the fight for college affordability. https://t.co/L6kpQVB2lz
Our message to young people must be clear: You will not be punished for growing up poor. If you work hard, you will get to go to college.
We need to come together to prevent hatred and create the kind of nation based on love that we all know we can become.
We have a debt that we owe the Native American people that we can never fully repay. https://t.co/FQStQdzabr
Our job is to not allow politicians to divide us up by where our family came from, our skin color, our religion or sexual orientation.
It can seem easy to turn our backs on the vulnerable, but I believe what human life is about is everyone has an impact on everyone else.
It speaks to the best of who we are as Americans that in a moment of crisis, the people of our nation came together. https://t.co/gAK4ujbg6a
If Wall Street banks do not end their fraud and their greed, it is up to us to end it for them. https://t.co/SvkY7GJozm
As more information comes out about what the TPP would really do, more voters are taking a stand against it. https://t.co/8s81JzO6Pj
There is a lot we can learn if we begin to listen to our Native American brothers and sisters. #NoDAPL https://t.co/DukyGGz0t1
I remember when the same folks who now back TPP told us how many jobs would be created by NAFTA. They were wrong then and they're wrong now.
The government must start listening to Native American voices, and stop treating them as third class citizens.
Time and time again the government has broken its solemn promise to respect Native American sovereign rights. Now it's time for real change.
Don't believe anyone who tells you we cannot change the status quo. #NoDAPL  https://t.co/TM99D8Pf8J
We stand with our Native American brothers and sisters in their fight to protect their sovereign rights. #NoDAPL https://t.co/ysIonwFPoN
It is abhorrent that pro-TPP politicians are taking the side of corporate America over groups that represent workers and the environment.
The TPP is not only a threat to our workers and the environment—it also threatens our democracy and rule of law.  https://t.co/BZ8nmJuU3I
Let's end the system of private prisons and detention centers, and the era of mass incarceration along with it. https://t.co/alONnfwCJE
Thank you all for the birthday wishes. But more than that, thank you for your incredible support over the last year. https://t.co/1kl6RDRlml
You all transformed a campaign into an extraordinary and historic movement. And we're not done yet. #readthebern https://t.co/XyBW6hu3qL
Congress cannot continue to ignore reality. The current minimum wage is a starvation wage and we have to raise it.  https://t.co/VY59X9l3XO
Our Native American brothers and sisters &amp; environmental justice advocates have transformed #NoDAPL into a movement. https://t.co/wpWtfvDpCL
Taking care of veterans is a cost of war. It’s that simple. https://t.co/r59b9HlcrL
Earthquakes like those in Oklahoma are just one of fracking's effects we must fight to keep out of N. Dakota #noDAPL https://t.co/Erd0HaXbUd
Fights like #noDAPL have long-term consequence. It is a fight for the type of planet our children will inhabit. https://t.co/PHM9vRHdDj
RT @voxdotcom: This simple cartoon shows how US taxpayers help make rich bankers even richer https://t.co/0Mx1fFhcCz https://t.co/BxNllPl8vN
Two-thirds of Americans want to eliminate the offshore tax haven loophole. It's time for Congress to stand with them, not big corporations.
Robert Reich is right. It's about time Congress shut the loopholes corporations use to hide the billions they owe. https://t.co/ETQbTDSo82
Mylan thinks we should just accept their price gouging and greed as normal. It isn't normal. It's an outrage. https://t.co/hw5codV7vv
RT @zhaabowekwe: Today, women warriors lock down to defend our water &amp; the seventh generation. #NoDAPL #LoveWaterNotOil https://t.co/jZY3Uq…
Most major nations negotiate with drug companies on their citizens' behalf to keep costs down. Our government should be able to do the same.
The future of prescription costs in America comes down to this: Do we have the guts to stand up to drug companies who are ripping us off?
The epidemic of price gouging in the drug industry is obscene. Their greed is putting millions of lives at risk. https://t.co/BeFM2IStJK
The need for real campaign finance reform is not a progressive or conservative issue. It is an American issue. https://t.co/j5y0Y6Qp8d
Billionaires like the Kochs spend millions to elect anti-union officials because they know when unions suffer, all workers' wages go down.
Unions are my family. Standing with workers on picket lines is something I've done my entire life-- that's what I do and what I believe.
RT @DannyEFreeman: "My dislike for Donald Trump is not just that he is a pathological liar..." @BernieSanders says in NH. https://t.co/Qtgm…
RT @Maggie_Hassan: It’s truly an honor to have a champion for middle class families like @BernieSanders supporting Maggie #nhpolitics https…
We need a strong union movement to rebuild our middle class. When unions do well, wages rise for everyone. #LaborDay https://t.co/GtaEEph4G7
Social Security, Medicare and workplace safety are just a few of the benefits we now enjoy thanks to the the struggle of unions. #LaborDay
I have stood with unions all of my life and I will continue to do so in fighting the disastrous TPP.
We've had enough of "free trade" deals like the TPP that benefit CEOs at the expense of workers. https://t.co/sclnvlLi6P
If we are serious about getting big money out of politics and restoring our democracy, we must move toward public funding of campaigns.
The political revolution is about making sure anyone can run for office and not have to beg the rich for donations. https://t.co/abWEqMcnee
When the vote of the poor and minorities is suppressed, it becomes that much easier for the ruling class to further rig the system.
To politicians who pass laws to suppress the vote I say: Get another job. https://t.co/488Tww7Hqy
Considering the planetary crisis we face, it is completely inappropriate to continue giving billions in tax breaks to fossil fuel companies.
It is time to stop treating Puerto Rico like a colony and start treating its people as the U.S. citizens they are. https://t.co/3R8kKA05NH
The only honest, cost-effective approach to universal health care is a single-payer approach. https://t.co/Mk5j1p4e4q
History will record that the Citizens United decision is one of the worst in the history of our country. https://t.co/bjh5tOKoW4
Our reliance on fossil fuels isn't only disastrous for the environment, but disastrous for our financial well-being. https://t.co/u7V1Jgm19V
RT @russfeingold: “I’ll work for equal pay for women, and for paid leave so parents can care for a sick family member." https://t.co/xKANoo…
RT @ZephyrTeachout: If Trump Gets His Way, Real Estate Will Get Even More Tax Breaks https://t.co/y0sD5p6bNv
RT @billmckibben: 8 WA state tribes arrive at Standing Rock pipeline protest camp, bearing a remarkable totem pole #NoDAPL https://t.co/RJp…
We must not allow Puerto Rico’s budget to be balanced on the backs of the most vulnerable people – working families, children and the poor.
Disappointing to hear that Puerto Rico's fiscal control board will include some of the architects of the crisis on the island. #PROMESA
RT @GunnelsWarren: Republicans in NC are political cowards. If you don't want people to vote, get out of politics.  Get another job. https:…
Wealth inequality is obscenely high and workers’ wages are obscenely low. We need more unions, not less. https://t.co/GtaEEoZtOz
This country needs Medicare-for-All. It's time for a more progressive health care system. https://t.co/leStBM1zH2
RT @CWAUnion: New @HuffingtonPost piece on #TPP's secretive super-court system called ISDS. Another reason why we must #StopTPP https://t.c…
Mylan should be ashamed for gouging the prices of such an important and life-saving drug. https://t.co/ABxs9Pe0FB
We need more unions in this country, not less. https://t.co/UzCJhI2IMP
RT @PramilaJayapal: "I am opposed to the TPP. We need trade deals that put workers &amp; the environment first &amp; that raise standards of worker…
While 16 million kids live in poverty in this country, the rich continue to get richer. https://t.co/qRntop2Q6r
The best way to effectively and rapidly create meaningful jobs is to rebuild this nation's infrastructure.
RT @Maggie_Hassan: "@BernieSanders is an incredible champion for hard-working families, and I'm truly honored by his support" - MH
RT @CatherineForNV: .@BernieSanders Grateful for your support! Eager to join forces to get dirty, dark money, like the Koch brothers', out…
Huge corporations can’t be allowed to use loopholes and tax havens to boost their obscene profits even higher. I applaud the EU’s decision.
Apple's earnings in 2015 were the highest reported of any corporation in history, yet apparently that wasn't enough. https://t.co/BPiMjwsGk0
.@PramilaJayapal is absolutely right. Love trumps hatred. https://t.co/dxqEiCIn4u
I haven't seen a single major Wall Street executive be prosecuted for causing the near collapse of our entire economy.
Why is it that kids are jailed for possessing marijuana but nothing happens to Wall Street execs whose illegal behavior harmed millions?
Study after study shows the same thing: women make less than men for equal work, and women of color make even less. https://t.co/a7bH0a57Ov
We need rational immigration policies in America that offer a pathway to citizenship. We shouldn't be promoting divisiveness.
This type of greed is shameful, and if Mylan thinks the American people are going to accept this so-called "compromise," they are mistaken.
Mylan recently announced a generic version for $300. That's still five times as expensive as it was in 2007: a 526% increase in total.
In 2007, when Mylan first started selling their EpiPens, they only cost $57. Last week, the price was $600. https://t.co/az4XOpQoPE
The obscene greed of Wall Street and corporate America is slowly destroying the fabric of this nation. We must stop them.
RT @democracynow: "This pipeline is going to bring about 250,000-per-day tons of carbon into the atmosphere... And that's wrong" https://t.…
They stood together against oppression, injustice and racism in America. We must never lose sight of that vision. Our work is far from over.
53 years ago today, Martin Luther King delivered his famous "I Have a Dream" speech in front of hundreds of thousands of protesters.
The Bakken Pipeline will transport some of the dirtiest oil in America. We must stop it. https://t.co/Bj2v696GSA
Heather Bresch's willingness to put profits before people is unforgivable and reckless: EpiPens save lives. https://t.co/elz8NYaNN8
RT @TulsiGabbard: Big banks are a big gamble. No more bailouts – time to break up the big banks and protect hardworking taxpayers.
RT @russfeingold: We must keep fighting for thousands who don’t have access to safe drinking water in WI. #NationalWaterQualityMonth https:…
Politics isn’t a soap opera. We need to focus on the real issues affecting Americans all across the country.
I welcome Majority Leader McConnell's decision to block a vote on the TPP. https://t.co/V5jacUecK8
These billionaires donate piles of cash and then receive tax breaks. That is not a democracy, that is an oligarchy. https://t.co/spX8RdQefo
One of the goals should be demanding pay equity for women workers, and I hope men everywhere will fight for that, too. #WomensEqualityDay
But the struggle is far from over. We must always build upon our progress, and continue the fight for women’s rights. #WomensEqualityDay
That milestone is what political revolutions are all about. Millions of people standing up and fighting for a fair shake. #WomensEqualityDay
96 years ago today, women fought for the right to vote, and they won. #WomensEqualityDay
If this proposal can win in Colorado, I believe it will spread all around the country. https://t.co/hXyFxoDb17
It is absurd that America is still the only major country on earth that does not guarantee healthcare as a right to all its people.
But the struggle is not over. We all must work together and fight against the Dakota Access pipeline. #NoDAPL https://t.co/0cSFx7ugy3
The Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and the people of North Dakota have shown the importance of standing together against injustice. #NoDAPL
This is a promising sign. We must do all that we can to shift away from our dependency on fossil fuels. https://t.co/LKVElxkZIR
We all owe the @NatlParkService a great deal of gratitude for the work they do in preserving America’s park system. #NPS100
Jane Kim is a proven progressive leader, and California would be fortunate to have her elected into office. https://t.co/TL02qM12jO
Zephyr will be one of the leading progressives in Congress. We must all fight to make sure she gets elected! https://t.co/FOE8191Htc
RT @NationalNurses: "As Americans our goal must be to elect progressives at every level." -@BernieSanders #OurRevolution #FeelTheBern https…
RT @OurRevolution: "I intend to do everything that I can to defeat the TPP." - Bernie		Join the fight. https://t.co/jZGd6o3SNC
RT @janekleeb: Nice shout out from @BernieSanders on the outrage of Transcanada suing USA for 15 billion because they didn't get KXL #ourre…
Tonight, I want to introduce you to Our Revolution – made up of thousands of people who will be fighting at the grassroots level for change.
Uruguay is being sued by Phillip-Morris because it waged a campaign to keep its children from smoking and developing cancer. #StopTheTPP
Despite the gains of the Affordable Care Act, 28 million Americans remain uninsured and 38 million are underinsured. We need #MedicareForAll
RT @OurPoliticalRev: Loving the energy at the @OurRevolution launch party in Columbus, Ohio! #OurRevolution https://t.co/E2kNbtQ7ds
I was proud that our campaign was the first campaign to call for an end to private prisons and detention centers.
54 percent of Republicans now understand that people earning more than $250,000 should be asked to pay more in taxes. #OurRevolution
RT @ninaturner: "We won the overwhelming majority of young people 45 years &amp; under across this country." @BernieSanders #OurRevolution 		Tr…
RT @Evan_Burger: The revolution continues! @OurRevolution https://t.co/g6fNqnh4fq
One of the things we accomplished is helping write the strongest and most progressive Democratic platform in the history of the country.
That’s the kind of process I will always fight for and what I believe in from the bottom of my heart. We must demand change.
As I have said a million times, real change always takes place from the bottom on up, not the top on down. #OurRevolution
RT @OurRevolution: We're live! Follow the link to watch the #OurRevolution launch event! https://t.co/n3Mz5UxLr3
Tune in LIVE right now for the Our Revolution launch: https://t.co/slKojW9DoE #OurRevolution
Tonight we will outline our vision for continuing the revolution we started in our campaign. Be sure to tune in!	https://t.co/tAM4hbGscY
RT @ErikaAndiola: Today is the big day for @OurRevolution! Tune in at 9pm EST/6pm PST to see @BernieSanders live: https://t.co/5bWR8R0XFn #…
There is nothing that is more important than passing on a Mother Earth that is healthy and habitable for our kids and grandchildren.
RT @OurRevolution: We're launching Our Revolution tonight with 2600 events across the country! Find one near you and RSVP right now: https:…
Check out our latest Snapchat story on how drug companies and Big Pharma are ripping us off:	https://t.co/P3ypBs4y1g https://t.co/STuh187lcg
We have over 2,600 launch events for Our Revolution across the country tonight. Find one near you: https://t.co/5FJatMa6bn
We can create a nation in which all people who want to pursue higher education can do that regardless of their income.
We can create a nation where 20% of our kids are not living in poverty.
We must provide legal status to the undocumented. We need comprehensive immigration reform, and we need a path towards citizenship.
Access to health care is a human right, and that includes access to safe and affordable prescription drugs.	https://t.co/9xqnkFtBZn
Donald Trump and his friends should realize that their bigotry is the past, not the future.
We just passed 2300 events in every state for the August 24 launch of Our Revolution! https://t.co/4Hv1CkOY8x https://t.co/6gkLvN41pz
What a great nation is about is doing everything that we can to resolve international conflict without a war.
We must start treating prisoners as human beings, not profiting from their incarceration.	https://t.co/t5RB1ikf1h
People should not have to go without the medication they need because Congress does not have the courage to stand up to Big Pharma.
America should join Germany, Denmark, Mexico and other countries in providing tuition-free public college.
I don’t think that corporations should be making a profit by seeing more and more people go into jail.
I want to see our country have one of the highest voter turnouts in the world, not one of the lowest.
Today we have cities across America who have made their minimum wage $15 an hour. I’m going to do my best to make that nationally.
Change takes place when people by the millions determine that the status quo is not the world that should be.
This is a rigged economy – heads they win, tails you lose. We are going to change that economy.
There are over 11 million undocumented people in this country. We cannot turn our backs on them.
We just passed 2300 events in every state across the country for the August 24 launch of Our Revolution! 	https://t.co/4Hv1CkOY8x
To my Republican colleagues: If you don’t have the guts to defend your ideas in a free election, get another job.
It is unacceptable that the cost of a quality childcare program is out of reach for millions of Americans. https://t.co/DVsfAqknVd
We must fight voter suppression in all forms. If you are 18 years of age, you should be automatically registered to vote.
In my view, when the largest banks are larger than they were when we bailed them out, we have to break them up. #BreakEmUp
In the richest country in the history of the world, seniors should not be choosing between food and medicine.
RT @PramilaJayapal: #TransformAmericaIn5Words Reverse disastrous Citizens United decision. https://t.co/Yg6ZMYHYGW
With your help we can reach 2700 meetings where we will talk about the next steps for Our Revolution. Can you host? https://t.co/RbgqAMTX7m
On August 24, I will address our volunteers live at more than 2,000 organizing meetings across the U.S. Attend one: https://t.co/4Hv1CkOY8x
We must put an end to this shameful industry completely, including state contracts with private prisons.	https://t.co/2pf8oskvY7
Why we must end the existence of for-profit prisons entirely: https://t.co/3TcwOotGXp
RT @Tim_Canova: .@TheJusticeDept ending use of private prisons is a bold move to correcting policies that disproportionately affect minorit…
Last place is no place for America. We must join the rest of the world and ensure workers access to paid family, sick and vacation leave.
Private prisons are not cheaper, they are not safer, and they do not provide better outcomes for either the prisoners or the state.
The DOJ's plan to end its use of private prisons is an important step in the right direction. It's exactly what our movement has fought for.
Let’s be clear: in terms of real family values, in many respects, we lag behind virtually every other major country on earth.
When Republicans talk about “family values” what they usually mean is opposition to a women's right to choose and opposition to gay rights.
The drug industry's greed knows no bounds.	https://t.co/x8GwEyOZc5
Take a moment to think about the Supreme Court justices that Donald Trump would nominate. https://t.co/ELwJESN5Uk
Republicans want to end Medicare and transform it into a voucher system that gives a cancer patient $8,000 and says: Good luck to you.
The United States remains the only major country on Earth that doesn’t guarantee health care to all people. It's a national embarrassment.
This is what corporate control of our government looks like.
.@Aetna's threat to Dept. of Justice: If you reject our merger, we will pull out of health exchanges. Must read: https://t.co/z8YneBwhPK
We must always remember that change almost never happens from the top down, it happens from the bottom up.
For the first time in modern history, our younger generation may have a lower standard of living than their parents.	https://t.co/JfJKOwoWm2
RT @DFAaction: Republicans in North Carolina are taking steps to suppress the votes of the state's African-American voters. https://t.co/6T…
RT @janeosanders: We stand with @shailenewoodley and our Native American brothers &amp; sisters against the North Dakota pipeline. https://t.co…
Unless we act boldy on climate today, the situation will only become much worse in years to come.	https://t.co/CZExM3AN2h
The fossil fuel industry is responsible for our massive methane buildup. Another reason to #KeepItInTheGround!	https://t.co/N6omY48awd
Our health cannot continue to be dependent upon the whims of insurance companies whose only goal is to make as much profit as possible.
Threats like @Aetna's to pull out of health exchanges are exactly why we need to move toward a single-payer system.	https://t.co/Z6WJ4KE9X6
The decision to have an abortion is a right of any woman, without interference from politicians.
It's time for our country to join the rest of the world in implementing prescription drug policies that work for all, not just Big Pharma.
While fossil fuel companies are raking in record profits, climate change ravages our planet and our people. https://t.co/3EFuACkrKl
It is unacceptable that, in the United States, the cost of cancer drugs has more than doubled over the last 10 years to $9,900 a month.
RT @splcenter: As Alabama shuts down psychiatric hospitals, one jail is expanding to house mentally ill https://t.co/b08Mcr1knX https://t.c…
Our civil liberties and right to privacy shouldn't be the price we pay for security.
In the United States of America, you should not be forced into bankruptcy because you are diagnosed with cancer.
All over this country, one out of five Americans cannot afford their prescriptions. People are dying because they cannot afford medication.
Since implementation, DACA has protected more than 700K young immigrants from deportation. It is time to protect their families as well.
RT @NewRepublic: We need to declare war on global warning—literally. @billmckibben explains: https://t.co/yOyaskAczQ https://t.co/ZoVPQoD7VL
It is unacceptable that total spending on medicine in the United States has gone up by more than 90 percent since 2002.
The dangers of the TPP are abundant and well-documented. We must do all that we can to #StopTPPNow. https://t.co/rDltJfqKgG
The United States is the only major country on Earth – the only one – that doesn't regulate prescription drug prices.
When it comes to basic workplace protections, workers in every other major industrialized country get a better deal than workers in the U.S.
Millions of seniors have to juggle their ability to buy food, medicine or heat. Those are not the choices seniors should be forced to make.
Today we have nearly 4 million American seniors who may skip dinner tonight because they do not have enough money to buy food today.
If we look at the greatness of a nation in that respect, the sad truth is that the United States today does not get particularly high marks.
A nation is judged not by how many billionaires and millionaires it has but by how it treats the most vulnerable people among us.
Democracy isn't about a handful of billionaires, like the Koch brothers or Sheldon Adelson, spending as much as they want to buy a race.
We need police reform so that young people can walk down the street without having to worry about if they're going to be harassed or shot.
I'm motivated by a vision which exists in all the great religions: do to others what you would have them do to you.	https://t.co/RVZoN9GzcJ
In many states, it is legal to fire someone for being gay or to deny someone housing for being transgender. That must change.
People should be rewarded for getting an education, not punished with student debt of $50,000, $100,000 or more.
I am proud to have introduced the most comprehensive climate change legislation in the history of the United States Senate.
.@TulsiGabbard has been a great friend to our political revolution. Hawaiʻi – go out and vote for Tulsi today: https://t.co/Yd6tJt1szl
RT @fightfor15: @BernieSanders Thank you for always being with us, Senator. You will always be #FightFor15 family.
Corporate greed is a scourge on this country, and it will take all of us standing up for justice in order to rein it in.
I applaud the workers who are demanding $15 an hour and a union. Keep fighting, sisters and brothers. #FightFor15
I very much hope that the IL state legislature votes to overturn this absurd veto and registers millions of voters.	https://t.co/GP4SiSWyu3
The idea that we are laying off teachers is completely absurd.
Exxon lies about climate change, has billions in profits, gets huge tax breaks and, now, protection by Republicans.	https://t.co/KhqCEvpgvI
Do you know what workers fought for 100 years ago? A 40-hour workweek. 100 years ago. Today, we still have not achieved that goal.
Not only is this the right thing to do from a moral perspective, it is also what the vast majority of the American people want us to do.
We can lift this cap so that everyone making over $250k a year pays into Social Security and extend its solvency for the next 50 years.
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118,500 a year.
Social Security has a $2.8 trillion surplus. It can pay every benefit owed to every eligible American for the next 19 years. #SocSec81
Wall Street and right-wing misinformation tell us Social Security, which is funded by the payroll tax, is going broke. They're dead wrong.
In the 81 years since FDR signed Social Security into law, it has been one of the nation’s most successful anti-poverty programs. #SocSec81
RT @vprnet: Vermont Primary Saw Bids By Young People Inspired By Bernie Sanders https://t.co/ACiYiarcht https://t.co/S7FHd0ypfm
House and Senate Democrats must join Sec. Clinton and go on record in opposition to a vote on TPP during a lame-duck session of Congress.
The TPP will cost American jobs, harm the environment and threaten our ability to protect public health.	https://t.co/2N6oecoKuk
In total, Trump wants to provide a $3 trillion tax cut to Americans who make over $1 million a year.
Trump's plan to repeal the estate tax alone would give a $269 billion tax break over a 10-year period to the top two-tenths of 1 percent.
Meanwhile, Trump is proposing huge tax breaks to millionaires and billionaires while gutting the Department of Education and the EPA.
He's the poster child of failed trade policies:	❌ Trump clothing made in Mexico	❌ Trump ties made in China	❌ Trump shirts made in Bangladesh
How serious is Trump about fixing the trade problem? From (now-defunct) Trump University: "Outsourcing Creates Jobs in the Long Run."
Wanna know why Trump believes wages are too high in the U.S.?  He is used to paying 30 cents an hour in low-wage countries abroad.
Donald says he will "fix" trade.  He can start by shutting down his own sweatshops in Bangladesh and pay workers in the U.S. a living wage.
Why would we even expect Trump to come up with a serious plan to fix a rigged economy? He's the one who rigged it.
Donald Trump is only looking out for himself and his billionaire friends? Not surprised. 	https://t.co/GyFVEQsDVq
40 years ago young people could attend some of the great public universities of our nation virtually tuition-free. Why can't we do it now?
We should treat these families with the compassion, dignity and respect they deserve – not lock up mothers for over 100 days. #ShutDownBerks
The government should not be in the inhumane business of locking up families who have fled unspeakable violence.	https://t.co/eFOi7xcWKm
If we are serious about criminal justice reform, we must remove marijuana from the federal Controlled Substances Act.
Keeping marijuana in the same category as heroin is absurd. The time is long overdue for us to remove the federal prohibition on marijuana.
By expanding worker-owned businesses we can create stronger companies throughout the country and improve working conditions for employees.
We need to expand economic models that help the middle class. I strongly believe that employee ownership is one of those models.
In the United States, a prescription drug shot up in price from $18 a pill to $750 a pill, literally overnight.	https://t.co/eaVW42jdn2
Republicans say, "yeah, we have seniors trying to get by on $13,000 a year, but we are gonna cut their benefits."	https://t.co/d8Wlg7W4RS
Proud of my former staff Chris Pearson, Tim Ashe and Anthony Pollina for winning their Vermont primary elections yesterday!
En los últimos 30 años, la riqueza de 400 estadounidenses ha crecido 736% — 10 veces más que todos los Latin@s. https://t.co/q9ayJQl1FE
The billionaire class already controls much of our economy, and now they want to control the United States government as well.
RT @TulsiGabbard: This movement is fueled by love, but it’s won by your votes. Cast your ballot and let your voice be heard. 	https://t.co/…
At the same time, Congress should focus on demilitarization and ending a criminal justice system that targets African-Americans.
It is time for local police departments to start listening to their communities' concerns and enact policies that reflect those concerns.
Over the past 30 years, the wealth of the 400 richest Americans has grown  736%—10 times the growth for Latin@s. 	https://t.co/9CgFvfvuOb
The American people should not have to go without health care because Congress does not have the courage to stand up to the drug industry.
Access to health care is a human right, and that includes access to safe and affordable prescription drugs.	https://t.co/VmtmsEKraA
RT @keithellison: Thanx to all progressives who ran, whether you won or not. Keep standing for what's right; The movement is all GO!
No one person alone can address the enormous problems facing working families in America. It will take a movement of millions of people.
Must read: "Just as past public policies created the racial wealth gap, current policy widens it."	https://t.co/cjHiMx2As3
The truth is that no great nation can survive economically, morally, or politically when so few have so much and so many have so little.
RT @KatrinaNation: My take this am-- The Sanders movement is only just beginning https://t.co/0xPEchtkKg
We have gotta, at the grassroots level, encourage people to get involved. That’s exactly what we are going to do. 	https://t.co/K4ZtmYxOUH
To my friends in CT, WI, MN and VT: I hope to see you at the voting booths today! Engage in the political process and reclaim our democracy.
Our infrastructure is collapsing and the American people know it. Time to invest in roads &amp; bridges, not more jails.
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million decent paying jobs. https://t.co/WLCcp540L8
RT @350action: HUGE victory as Coloradans stand up the to fracking industry to put community health + safety on the ballot in Nov. https://…
At a time when this world faces so many problems, the corporate media will talk about everything in the world except important issues.
There is something profoundly wrong when billionaires are buying elections. That's not democracy.
Russ Feingold is someone we need in the Senate, and I'm proud to endorse his campaign. Go vote for @russfeingold today! #WisconsinPrimary
Maybe, just maybe, something is wrong when we have the highest rate of childhood poverty of nearly any major country on earth.
It's time we had democratic socialism for working families, not just the very rich. We do that by ending huge tax breaks for billionaires.
The most important thing you can do to move the political revolution forward is sign up to host an event on Aug. 24: https://t.co/3CpZIpGuJf
All of the pundits always tell us what we cannot accomplish until the day after we accomplish it. That's been the story of struggle.
Let us feed our children first, educate our children first, and worry about the military-industrial complex later!
Do we stand with the 20 percent of our children who live in poverty or the military-industrial complex pumping billions into bombers?
The middle class is still suffering from the horrendous damage financial institutions and insurance companies did to this country in 2008.
Some members of Congress —  mostly men, I should add — are trying to roll back the clock on women’s rights. We can't let that happen.
Because of the greed and illegal behavior on Wall Street, millions lost their jobs, homes and ability to send their kids to college.
If the American people at the grassroots level begin to stand up and fight back, profound and positive changes take place across America.
RT @PramilaJayapal: Sad that the 51st anniversary of the #VotingRightsAct will be marked by the first US election in 50 years without its f…
It's an embarrassment that the Republican-led Congress, has refused to consider legislation to repair the damage to the Voting Rights Act.
We must remember that the struggle for our rights is not the struggle of a day or a year. It's the struggle of a lifetime.
RT @latimes: An op-ed by Bernie Sanders: I support Hillary Clinton. So should everyone who voted for me https://t.co/lhBL5omlky https://t.c…
It is an absolute outrage that we have Republican governors and legislators working overtime making it harder for people to vote.
We must remember the price paid for the right to vote. Change comes when the people demand it –  in the voting booth and on the streets.
Today, marks the 51-year anniversary of the Voting Rights Act, a milestone in the fight for civil rights. https://t.co/bBNo1zROiv
This campaign was never about Bernie Sanders. It's about a grassroots movement of Americans standing up and saying: 'Enough is enough!'
We must work to transform American society by making our political and economic systems work for all of us, not just the 1 percent.
We become stronger when men and women, young and old, gay and straight, native born and immigrant stand together.
Together we can revitalize our democracy and empower new progressive leaders. But we need your help. Join us: https://t.co/nDQMTrniqx
Together, we built something unprecedented through our presidential campaign. Now, we must take the next steps for our political revolution.
Election days come and go, but the struggle for economic, social, racial and environmental justice will always continue.
In 1977, 22 percent of all the jobs in this country were in manufacturing. Today, that figure is down to 8 percent.
For the first time in our history, American families have more student debt than credit card debt. That is an extraordinary reality.
Congress must ensure our elections belong to individual voters not billionaire donors.
Many children today enter kindergarten behind where they should be intellectually and emotionally because of inadequate childcare.
I am getting tired of being lectured by CEOs of large corporations who want to cut Social Security benefits in exchange for tax breaks.
The fact is that for many years, Republicans have been attempting to either cut Social Security or privatize it. We can't let that happen.
We "can't afford" benefits for some of the people who are struggling the hardest, but Congress has no issue with tax breaks for the Waltons.
All over the world, countries are saying, "Let us put an end to state murder. Let us stop capital punishment." Time for us to do the same.
Election days come and go, but the struggle continues. Add a $27 contribution to Our Revolution and join us:	https://t.co/neE1Pj3QaO
When you think of the political revolution, I want you to think about @PramilaJayapal. https://t.co/aMQC6fQMAe
Pramila is taking on special interests and fighting for working families. Big win for our revolution! https://t.co/XKHZkk9ugA
We need a rational immigration process, not the Republican alternatives of self deportation or some other draconian non-solution.
Climate change is real, caused by human activity and already creating devastating problems in the United States and around the world.
In my view, not only should we bring back Glass-Steagall, we should break up the big banks that are larger now than when we bailed them out!
The most effective way to rapidly create meaningful jobs is to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure.
For the last 40 years the great middle class of our country – once the envy of the world – has been disappearing.
RT @PramilaJayapal: Encourage everyone you know to #VotePramila in today's Primary &amp; show your support by using the hashtag #VotePramila ht…
The GOP is working overtime disenfranchising minorities. If Republicans can't face a free election, they should get another job.
RT @Tim_Canova: Today is the last day to switch party affiliation to Democrat to vote in our August 30th primary! https://t.co/fjoqddSDY1
We must demand that the United States join the rest of the industrialized world and guarantee health care and education to all as a right.
Fundamental and transformational change doesn't happen overnight – it takes time to happen. This movement has got to continue.
What the continuation of the political revolution means is activating political consciousness across America and getting people involved.
The system is rigged when the average person works longer hours for lower wages, and over half of all new income goes to the top 1 percent.
Our job is not done. We must stand up and take on the billionaire class. That fight must continue the day after the election.
Let me be clear: we MUST continue the political revolution. We must continue to bring in millions of people into the fight for justice.
I don’t believe it is a radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty.
Trump has taken people's anger and anxiety about terrorism and converted it into anger against Mexicans or Muslims. It's wrong and immoral.
We need to end the race to the bottom and enact trade policies that demand that American corporations create jobs here, and not just abroad.
RT @FaceTheNation: This morning: @BernieSanders joins us to discuss his historic campaign and the push for party unity heading into Novembe…
If corporate America wants us to buy their products, they damn well better start manufacturing them here in America.
It's time to end religious bigotry and build a nation in which we all stand together and condemn the anti-Muslim rhetoric we're hearing.
Our trade policies written by corporate America have cost us millions of jobs and have led to a race to the bottom.
We need policies that bring us together and create a middle class that works for all of us rather than an economy that works for just a few.
What Republicans are saying is that no woman in this country, has the right to control her own body. I strongly disagree.
Loudly and clearly, we must tell Republicans: no, we will not cut Social Security benefits for seniors and disabled veterans.
Republicans: try winning elections based on your ideas and your character, not on the amount of money you can collect from billionaires.
Republicans are waging a war against women and, let me be clear, it's not a war that we're gonna allow them to win.
I congratulate @HillaryClinton on this historic achievement. We are stronger together.
We must end the grotesque level of income and wealth inequality that we currently experience, the worst it has been since 1928.
Trump wants to abolish the Affordable Care Act and throw 20 million people off of health insurance. We can't let that happen. #DemsInPhilly
What we are dealing with now is quite honestly, the worst Republican candidate in the modern history of the United States of America.
Now, more than ever, is the time for millions of families to come together and revitalize American democracy.	https://t.co/kM3yhpXcXX
A truly beautiful moment from last night's roll call vote at the Democratic National Convention...	https://t.co/7Se1ZRm7Sk
The GOP wants us to forget that the greed and illegal behavior on Wall Street caused the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression.
Drug companies should not be making billions in profits while one in five Americans are unable to afford the medicine they need.
Thank you @KillerMike for advocating for the issues that are affecting working-class Americans across our country. https://t.co/IXj7uk0cM3
Take enormous pride in the historical accomplishments we have achieved together. #NotMeUs	https://t.co/QWHnRwSBgl
We become stronger when black and white, Latino, Asian-American, Native American – all of us – stand together.
This election is about making sure that young people in this country are in good schools and at good jobs, not in jail cells.
RT @HillaryClinton: Stronger together. https://t.co/9x1zuMqFfs
RT @TulsiGabbard: My friends, because this is a movement fueled by love, it can never be stopped or defeated. #FeelTheBern #DemsInPhilly
Election days come and go. But political revolutions that attempt to transform our society never end.
This election is not just about electing a president. Far more significantly, it is about transforming America.
RT @TulsiGabbard: Proud to have the opportunity today to nominate my friend @BernieSanders at the DNCC. #DNCinPHL #DemsInPhilly https://t.c…
RT @ABCPolitics: .@BernieSanders at New York delegation breakfast: The Democratic Party "needs to open its doors" #DemsinPhilly https://t.c…
Never tweet. https://t.co/DKvAhbDWqe
Thank you, Philadelphia! #DemsInPhilly https://t.co/nyfTWLjNuF
What we have done together is unprecedented, but our fight is not done. Join Our Revolution: https://t.co/slKojWreNe
Our job now is to see a progressive platform implemented by a Democratic Senate, a Democratic House and a Hillary Clinton presidency!
It is no secret that Hillary Clinton and I disagree on a number of issues. That’s what this campaign and what democracy is about.
If you don’t believe this election is important, if you think you can sit it out: you're wrong. Think about the future of the Supreme Court.
While Trump believes in huge tax breaks for billionaires, he believes states should have the right to lower the minimum wage below $7.25.
We need leaders who bring us together and make us stronger, not leaders who insult Latinos, Muslims, women and blacks and divide us up.
Together, my friends, we have begun a political revolution to transform America and that revolution – our revolution – continues.
RT @DemConvention: "Our revolution continues." @BernieSanders #DemsInPhilly https://t.co/XrQJpZMiGO
Many here are disappointed. I think it’s fair to say that no one is more disappointed than I am. But take pride in what we've accomplished.
And to my delegates: Thank you for all the work you’ve done. I look forward to your votes during the roll call on Tuesday night.
Thank you to the 13 million Americans who voted for the political revolution, giving us 46 percent of the pledged delegates here tonight.
RT @gov: Live: Bernie Sanders addresses the #DemConvention. Tune in on Twitter below. https://t.co/xQMdaFPbN1
Election Days come and go but the fight for social, economic, racial and environmental justice continues. #DemsInPhilly
We have got to defeat Donald Trump and do everything we can to elect Hillary Clinton to the White house. #DemsInPhilly
Tonight at the Democratic National Convention I'll address the future of our movement. Will you watch? #DemsInPhilly	https://t.co/eHMQGiysg4
Young people are the future of America, and they want a role in shaping that future! #DemsInPhilly
Thank you to all of the delegates representing our revolution in Philadelphia! #DemsInPhilly https://t.co/JYSo7BofCl
I've said it since day one: this campaign is about more than electing a president. It is about enacting a progressive agenda across America!
We need a party which is prepared to stand up for the 47 million people in this country who are living in poverty!
In the State of New York 3 million Independent voters could not participate in the Democratic nominee process. It's time for open primaries.
Sanders Statement on DNC Chair Resignation https://t.co/xMA60mnBIT
The party leadership must always remain impartial in the presidential nominating process, something which did not occur in the 2016 race.
We'll keep fighting for a government based on the principles of economic, social, racial and environmental justice.	https://t.co/2zJTRoQS4H
RT @ABCPolitics: .@BernieSanders: "Most of my supporters understand Trump has got to be defeated" #ThisWeek https://t.co/bCfWE3Rsvt
RT @ThisWeekABC: .@BernieSanders says Debbie Wasserman Schultz "should resign, period" following DNC email leak. #ThisWeek https://t.co/kJJ…
This is a tremendous victory in the fight to democratize the Democratic Party and reform the nominating process.	https://t.co/Jw29JLSfoJ
It is time for us to have a government which represents all Americans, not just a handful of wealthy campaign contributors.
At a time of massive income and wealth inequality, we need tax policies that demand that the wealthy start paying their fair share of taxes.
The toxic chemicals used in fracking are known to cause lung cancer and birth defects. We must ban fracking and #KeepItInTheGround.
No amount of regulation can safely guard against the dangers fracking poses to our land, water, air, natural resources and public health.
We need to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour over the next few years, and implement pay equity for women workers.
Fracking is a danger to our water supply, the air we breathe and it’s contributing to climate change. Time to phase out fracking nationwide.
With real unemployment near 10 percent, we need a jobs program to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure and create millions of jobs.
Both the @EPA and the @theNASciences have shown clear evidence that hydraulic fracturing can lead to a contaminated water supply.
RT @TulsiGabbard: People are frustrated with the same-old politics as usual. The problem is simple: too many of our leaders have forgotten…
The time is long overdue for us to create an economy which works for the middle class of this country, and not just the 1 percent.
Billions of dollars are being funneled into our elections in a form of legalized bribery.
Trump’s Supreme Court nominees would, like Scalia, oppose a woman’s right to choose, support Citizens United and gut the Voting Rights Act.
Trump’s economic plan: let states lower the federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour, already a starvation wage.
Trump’s economic plan: same old, same old trickle-down economics. Pathetic. #RNCwithBernie
Will there be one word about student debt or making college affordable? Or just concerned about more tax breaks for the rich? #RNCwithBernie
Trump thinks climate change is a “hoax.” My supporters understand that we must move away from fossil fuels, not expand them. #RNCwithBernie
Our movement understands that what we don't need is Trump's huge tax breaks for millionaires. #RNCwithBernie
Looks like Ted Cruz was right about one thing. Trump does not understand what the Constitution is about. #RNCwithBernie
Trump: “I alone can fix this.” Maybe he doesn’t understand that a president has to work with Congress. #RNCwithBernie
Trump: “I alone can fix this.”	Is this guy running for president or dictator? #RNCwithBernie
Still waiting for a single word about covering the 28 million Americans without health insurance. I guess they don’t matter much to Trump.
Citizens United is one of the worst decisions in our history. Will Trump mention it or is he too afraid of the Koch brothers? #RNCwithBernie
Fix trade. Stop manufacturing Trump clothing in Mexico. #RNCwithBernie
Fix trade. Stop manufacturing Trump ties in China.
Fix trade. Stop manufacturing Trump shirts in Bangladesh at 30-cents an hour. #RNCwithBernie
What a hypocrite! If Trump wants to "fix" trade he can start by making his products in the US, not low-wage countries abroad. #RNCwithBernie
Trump’s economic plan: $3.2 trillion in tax breaks for millionaires, cut programs for low-income Americans. #RNCwithBernie
Trump’s big economic plans: Give trillions in tax breaks to millionaires, refuse to raise the federal minimum wage. #RNCwithBernie
#RNCwithBernie https://t.co/x5nuSI6AuN
Trump is wrong. The real cause of instability in the Middle East was the Bush-Cheney invasion of Iraq. By the way, where is President Bush?
We believe in bringing people together, not dividing them up.
Those who voted for me will not support Trump who has made bigotry and divisiveness the cornerstone of his campaign. #RNCwithBernie
Will Trump mention climate change, the great environmental crisis of our time? Been waiting for a year now. #RNCwithBernie
Every American over 18 must be automatically registered to vote so that young people can make their voices heard at the ballot box.
We must put an end to discriminatory laws and the purging of minority-community names from voting rolls.
Change comes when the people demand it — in the voting booth and on the streets in peaceful demonstrations.
We must remember that the struggle for our rights is not the struggle of a day, or a year. It is the struggle of a lifetime.
When the votes of minorities are suppressed, it becomes easier for politicians who represent billionaires to win and hold elected office.
I have a message for Donald Trump: No, we’re not going to hate Latinos or Muslims. We are going to stand together.
Make no mistake: the billionaire class does not want young and working people to vote.
In the shameful days of open segregation, literacy laws were used to suppress minority voting. Today, Republicans do it with photo ID laws.
Through a Prize Fund we can provide affordable access to medicines as soon as they are available on the market.
The prices of patented medicines are a significant barrier to access to health for millions Americans and people die because of it.
It should offend the conscience of every American when the votes of minorities are suppressed.	https://t.co/mv7a2hlj8Q
Poverty should not be a death sentence, neither in the United States nor anywhere else.  Yet it is, much to our disgrace.
We will defeat Donald Trump because we know that love trumps hatred.	https://t.co/Cx92gzemgo
It’s fun for the media to treat Trump like a character in a soap opera, but the truth is his language is dangerous.
In my view, it makes a lot more sense to be investing in jobs and education, than more jails and incarceration.
We must once again make our country the leader in the fight for economic and social justice, for environmental sanity and for peace.
If @realDonaldTrump wants to open the door to racism, it is our job to shut that door, and shut it tight.
The greed of the billionaire class is destroying this country and whether they like it or not we are going to stop that greed.
I believe we have a moral obligation to pursue diplomatic solutions before resorting to military intervention.
Trump suggested limiting immigration according to religion and creating a national database based on religion – absolutely disgraceful.
To advance the cause of peace, the United States has also got to be a friend not only to Israel, but to the Palestinian people.
We have got to say to the fossil-fuel industry that their short-term profits are not more important than the future of this planet.
At a time of massive inequality, the Republicans believe that the richest people in America need to be made even richer.
I hope the Republicans listen to what the Pope has to say. Denying the science related to climate change is no longer acceptable.
What we've accomplished so far is historic – but our work is far from over. This political revolution must continue.	https://t.co/W6sceUdv4I
Today in America we not only have an absence level of wealth and income inequality, we have a power structure that protects that inequality.
Lifting the cap on Social Security would increase cost-of-living-adjustments and increase minimum benefits paid to low-income seniors.
Our younger generation may have a lower standard of living than their parents. This is not what America is about.	https://t.co/pEuFOF2Iwo
I'm asking people across the nation to come together and organize an unprecedented grassroots movement.
Together we're going to overturn this disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision which has allowed millionaires to buy politicians.
Despite what the media tells you, politics is not a soap opera. Politics is about coming together to improve the lives of all.
We need a grassroots movement to tell the Koch brothers and the billionaire class that they won't be able to continue to buy elections.
We are building a movement because this country belongs to all of us - not just a handful of billionaires and wealthy campaign contributors.
No president alone can effectively address the crises facing the working families of this country without a powerful grassroots movement.
At what point will Congress have the courage to stand up to the greed of the pharmaceutical industry and say enough is enough?
American pharmaceutical companies couple outrageous prices on drugs with new and inventive ways to avoid paying taxes. It's truly shameless.
This is not a moment. It's a movement. And you are our movement. Get involved: https://t.co/m6S1VUVosJ
We must allow Medicare to negotiate drug prices and reduce the barriers to importing prescription drugs from Canada and other countries.
Real tax reform means Wall Street, the wealthy and large corporations pay their fair share.	https://t.co/NPIeBgxxdo
We need to re-enfranchise the more than 5 million Americans who have had their right to vote taken away by a felony conviction.
For the last 40 years the great middle class of our country — once the envy of the world — has been disappearing.
One in five people can't afford the prescription drugs their doctors prescribe. Elderly people are cutting pills in half for goodness' sake.
War must be the last resort, not the first response.
Change cannot take place without political participation.
RT @KatrinaNation: How Bernie Sanders Delivered the Most Progressive Platform in Democratic Party History via @thenation https://t.co/ycIHu…
Our movement is about creating an America that ensures nobody working 40 hours a week has to live in poverty.
In a democratic society, politics should not be treated like a baseball game or a soap opera. We need a serious discussion about the issues.
Shameful. We must require states to collect data on deaths that happen in police custody and make that data public. https://t.co/Ct2hjmGYG6
Billionaires buying elections is not what our Constitution stands for. https://t.co/P3QQeEpYA4
We need to end minimum sentencing. Too many people in America are serving unnecessarily long mandatory minimum sentences.
We must implement universal voter registration, so that anyone 18 years of age or older who is eligible to vote is automatically registered.
The debate is over. Climate change is real, it's caused by human activity and is already causing devastating damage to the entire planet.
In the United States of America we can create the conditions that allow people who are released from prison to stay out.
RT @LULAC: .@BernieSanders speaks on immigration reform, criminal justice reform, and pay equity at #LULAC16 convention. https://t.co/4Aluj…
Pathetic. Billionaire Bully Trump wants to give huge tax breaks to the rich but opposes raising the federal minimum wage of $7.25.
Republican governors are working overtime to suppress the vote. If Republicans can't face a free election, they should get another job.
Sandra Bland. We will #SayHerName.
RT @CBSThisMorning: AHEAD ON @CBSThisMorning: @BernieSanders joins us https://t.co/ensEgL0oWF
The United States should be leading the world in pushing our energy system away from fossil fuel and toward sustainable energy.
The only long-term solution to America's health care crisis is a single-payer national health care program. https://t.co/ynsKPYzjCG
As you have throughout this historic campaign, I ask for your support as we continue through November and beyond.	https://t.co/IriYPCuJX6
RT @TheDemocrats: "Now more than ever our country needs our movement." A note from @BernieSanders: https://t.co/o8O5xnaO7D https://t.co/cpD…
We will never stop fighting for what is right. This movement of ours — this political revolution — must continue. 	https://t.co/111mljutrY
Big talk from the same guy who was too afraid to debate Bernie in California. https://t.co/LVCjo0PKrN
RT @BernieSanders: If you’re interested in more than just electing a president, we need your help. https://t.co/DeV0NhI2mi https://t.co/Hph…
Our job now is to see our progressive platform implemented by a Democratic Senate, a Democratic House and a Hillary Clinton presidency.
RT @BernieSanders: This campaign isn't just about electing Bernie Sanders. It's about the needs of the American people &amp; the ideas to addre…
RT @HillaryClinton: Watch live as @BernieSanders joins Hillary on the trail in New Hampshire. https://t.co/RUABHM1QBG
Thank you to the 13 million Americans who voted for me and the hundreds of thousands of volunteers who worked so hard on our campaign.