@cjzero This is an excellent 2-for-1 open look, how are people making fun of him
This unnamed friend returned last week, when Trump told governors that the person hired 7 or 8 ex-prisoners and said 5 were great. https://t.co/IZl20Mhozp
Here's Trump's public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/uVQXcF7Oxz
@TimAlberta Ooh, excited for this!
Helpful article here: https://t.co/rjWtJXtvQl
@OMyShirt It's down to 50%. Seems like it was indeed because of Trump's pressure.
@TheOldOlaf @GypsySpirit46 I...told you his quote was untrue in this very tweet
In other words: when Trump wanted to seem like a successful trade fighter, India's tariff was, correctly, 50%. When he wanted to complain about foreign countries' tariffs, India's tariff was, incorrectly, 100%.
On Jan. 24, Trump boasted he'd gotten India to lower motorcycle tariffs to 50%: "India: 50%. It was 100%. I got them down to 50% just by talking for about 2 minutes." At CPAC, he said, "They charge us a lot. When we send a motorcycle to India, it's 100% tariff. They charge 100%."
Full circle from the very first false claim of Trump's presidency. On inauguration day, he said God prevented it from raining as he spoke (it rained). At this CPAC, he said his inauguration crowd was extra-impressive because "it was raining and it was wet, and the grass was wet."
Trump to the National Association of Attorneys General on the unemployment rate, which is the lowest in 18 years not counting earlier in the Trump era: "The lowest unemployment rate we've ever had -- you could say '51 years' or you could say 'ever.'"
@EdTubb @EliseViksaas Thanks. I think I look like a corporate exec leaving his fraud trial
@EliseViksaas I didn't know it was on the front page!
RT @mikedebonis: NEW: House set to vote this week on resolution condemning anti-Semitism after latest @Ilhan comments. TBD whether it rebuk…
RT @brianstelter: Remember when Trump claimed that news outlets are suppressing a secret book manuscript by Michael Cohen... even though th…
RT @npfandos: NEW: With Sweeping Document Request, Democrats Launch Broad Trump Corruption Inquiry https://t.co/1Vwx30HB7x
RT @margarettalev: NOW: ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ is doubling down on the fast food as he prepares to greet the mighty Bison https://t.co/U7KfZRIG…
RT @sabrod123: Ways + Means Chairman @RepRichardNeal tells me he expects a “very hard” path to get #USMCA through Congress. 		Neal signals…
RT @halbfinger: The prime minister of Israel is boasting to Israelis how “Fox and Friends” in the US is taking his side in his corruption s…
RT @JaneMayerNYer: New from me: Fox News HAD the story of Trump's hush money payoffs to Stormy Daniels BEFORE the election but killed it be…
RT @ThePlumLineGS: Trump ordered top economic adviser Gary Cohn to pressure the Justice Department to file a lawsuit to block the ATT-Time…
RT @politico: Former Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper announced Monday morning that he is running for president	https://t.co/c9uZms84zj
@TBPInvictus That was never on his public schedule. Only the internal schedule.
Here's Trump's public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/9H7qDxCGvx
RT @ryanstruyk: .@jaketapper: "Do you take Kim Jong Un at his word?"  		.@AmbJohnBolton: "The president takes him at his word."	  	@jaketap…
Career milestone: Norwegian hate mail https://t.co/17IFLO2eOJ
@MikeLupica Thanks so much Mike.
Reason’s @nickgillespie on Trump’s CPAC speech: “He was not simply good, he was Prince-at-the-Super-Bowl great...an absolute tour de force.” He notes that Trump said many untrue things but argues the election won’t be about who is most “moored to reality.” https://t.co/XkpKJj2aRK
The website https://t.co/QT4mK4HLrL, which tracks all of Trump’s words, reports that Trump beat his previous record long for a speech by 39 minutes 11 seconds. https://t.co/uAzEDm0LkU
@FactbaseFeed Awesome. I’ll tweet it when you confirm!
@MarkHertling Thank you! I was just looking for the facts because I don’t know many generals and because the president sometimes invents people.
One thing I wanted to check before tweeting: after months of criticizing previous presidents for giving money to North Korea, Trump says he will get other countries to give money to North Korea "if it all works out": "Maybe not us. But I'm going to get other countries to give."
Trump has concluded to the usual standing ovation. He spoke for two hours. It was extraordinarily bizarre.
Oh man. I was just watching dozens of people walk out of the room as they sensed Trump was a minute or two from concluding...then Trump said that he's been watching the doors and not one person has left.
Trump invites CPAC attendees to his 4th of July festivities in Washington. He says he wants to bring "millions of people into the city," people who love America, "those are the people we want."
Almost exactly two hours after he started speaking, Trump is approaching his grand finale.
"I think it's going well. I think we learned a lot over the last couple of days," Trump says of North Korea.
Warmbier's parents didn't speak out against Trump over mere negotiations. It was Trump absolving Kim of personal responsibility. https://t.co/kerW3LX1Gc
Trump is talking about Otto Warmbier. He calls his parents "incredible." He says he's in a "horrible position" because he has to negotiate but he loves Otto and his parents. "A delicate balance."
Trump says he is about to conclude. He is mocking people from previous administrations who criticize him on North Korea. "These guys died," he says, referring to them doing poorly in the negotiations.
Trump adds, as usual, that people had been trying to get Choice passed for "44 years" before "I got that approved." What he signed was a significant change to the Choice program, not the Choice program. https://t.co/37hIDARD6q
Trump falsely claims for the 58th time that he got Veterans Choice passed. It was passed under Barack Obama in 2014. "NOW THEY CAN GO SEE A DOCTOR!"
Trump falsely claims that Ron DeSantis was at 3% when Trump endorsed him, peppering the story with "sir"s. DeSantis was never lower than 9% in any poll I could find; he was in the teens at the time of the official endorsement.
Trump says of Ron DeSantis: "When people defend me, I defend them. That's why I like Mark (Meadows)...and I'm not sure a lot of people like him. He's tough as hell. But I like him I love him."
Trump is now talking about Ron DeSantis's race. Can he make it to two hours???
Trump falsely claims that Brian Kemp was 10 points down in the Republican primary when he endorsed him. The most recent poll had Kemp down three. Trump used to say it was five.
Trump says he didn't think Stacey Abrams's State of the Union speech was very good. He falsely claims for the fifth time that MIchelle Obama campaigned for her in Georgia. She did not at all.
Trump: "The DemoCRATTT party." He says it sounds prettier to say Democratic, so he won't do it. A woman shouts, "Thank youuu!"
Trump says that the midterms were not a humiliating defeat for him, indignantly noting that he didn't run. In the lead-up to the vote, he kept telling his rallies that he was effectively on the ballot.
Trump is criticizing the "fake news" for writing about the Democratic landslide in the House. He says, "The Senate: far more important."
Trump says that two critical-of-him senators he doesn't name, but who seem to be Jeff Flake and Bob Corker, did not retire, they "were retired."
Trump says that members of Congress who are real "Trumpers" are "the ones that win." He says, "It's the ones that are sort of a little shy about embracing what we're all about...they get clobbered."
Trump is now on abortion. He criticizes Democrats for voting against this bill, calling them extremists: https://t.co/JKioWekIOQ
Trump is adding more lies to his usual lie about the visa lottery, falsely suggesting that the U.S. has to accept a man who has murdered four people (no; lottery winners are background-checked and rejected) and that foreign govts deliberately put bad apples in the lottery.
Trump complains about birthright citizenship, says that some children used to be called "anchor babies" but not anymore because it's not "nice"-sounding.
Trump falsely claims that the US is forced to release criminals caught immigrating illegally, falsely claims other countries don't allow people a court process for asylum claims, falsely claims "3%" of people return for trial. 72% in 2017, per DOJ, and 89% for asylum seekers.
A standing ovation for "shutting down sanctuary cities."
Trump talks about an emergency declaration to protect the sovereignty of Lebanon. He says, "Lebanon, it's good, fine, use it," but now we can use an emergency to protect "our people."
Trump's argument is that Democrats will do Democratic things regardless, if he loses, and "it won't have a damn thing to do with whether or not we approve our national emergency."
Trump rejects some Republicans' "precedent for Democratic presidents" concern about his national emergency declaration: "They're going to do that anyway, folks. The best way to stop that is to make sure that I win the election."
Trump makes his usual false claim about caravans, saying Latin American govts put people in: "You think they're giving us their best and their finest? Oh, let's send our best people up to America!...So we can send America our greatest people! No, no, no, no...murderers, killers."
Not certain, but this might be Trump's longest speech since he launched his campaign in 2015. My first tweet about it was exactly 90 minutes ago.
Trump, pointing at the back of the room, criticizes the media for criticizing his 2015 announcement speech in which he spoke of Mexicans as rapists. "That was a very innocent speech compared to the real facts," he says.
Trump says it is "false propaganda" to say illegal immigrants commit crimes at lower rates than American citizens. A bunch of studies have come to this conclusion.
Trump never says that this incident happened *in Mexico.* Just says it happened "on the border" or some such. https://t.co/TE1PTPbTfd
Trump offers a vivid embellishment of a cartel shootout in Mexico, 56 miles from where he was in McAllen, Texas, saying it happened right there on the Rio Grande and "they were buried right there where I was standing."
To a raucous cheer from the CPAC crowd, which has many students, Trump says he'll be signing an order I think he said would deny research funding to universities unless they allow free speech, including to conservatives.
Trump says the Second Amendment is under siege, but tells pro-gun conservatives not to fear: "I'll protect you...it all has to come through my office."
We have a possible Raisin Caine: https://t.co/fYCujHBw37
Trump advises the conservative who was punched at UC Berkeley: "Sue him (the perpetrator), but he's probably got nothing...but sue the college, the university..." There are big cheers for the idea of suing UC Berkeley. "He's going to be a very wealthy young man."
Trump talks about a supporter, Hayden Williams, who was punched at Berkeley, He alludes to wanting to retaliate, but says he won't, "Because if I ever said violence..." He says he'll say, just for media, "I'm sure he's a lovely young man. Just had a little temper tantrum."
Trump: "We reject oppressive speech codes, censorship, political correctness, and every other attempt by the hard left to stop people from challenging ridiculous and dangerous ideas." He calls for free speech, "online and on campus."
Trump shouts out Candace Owens, applauds her personally and says "you've been incredible, thank you." She is known for such things as saying Hitler was fine when he was merely trying to make Germany great.
Trump, back on script, says the future does not belong to socialists, it belongs to believers in freedom. He says "America will never be a socialist country," prompting loud cheers and a U-S-A chant.
Trump: "I'm going to regret this speech" (because it's so good and effective). He adds, "I should've saved the Pocahontas thing for another year. Because I've destroyed her political career...and won't get a chance to run against her."
Trump on the Green New Deal: "I want them to embrace this plan. I want them go sell this plan. I just want to be the Republican who runs against them."
This is 100% the weirdest Trump speech I've ever heard.
Trump: "The crazy female senator from the state of Ohio." (People: the state of Ohio?) Trump: "The state of Hawaii. She's like a crazed person."
Trump mocks senators with white hair. He says, "I don't have white hair. I don't have white hair."
Does anyone know if Raisin Cain/Cane/Kane is a real general? (I do not have much knowledge of generals, and Trump has said this person's name over and over.)
Trump asks the crowd if they're still okay, then complains about times that the media has reported people leaving his speech. He says, "You know where they went? To the bathroom. And then they came back." (No. People leave when he goes on and on.)
Trump has returned to script for a moment, warning against single-payer health care and the Green New Deal. He says somebody described it as "a high school term paper written by a poor student."
Trump says the generals are right out of central casting, and you could put them in a movie, and he liked all of them, not just Raisin Cain. He says one time a general was put in a movie but didn't get an Academy Award "because Hollywood discriminates against our people."
Trump: "I'm in the White House and I was looonely. I said, 'let's go to Iraq.'"
Trump says Raisin Cain gave him advice on how quickly they can beat ISIS, and he said, "I'm gonna get back to you soon, Raisin, I think you're great. I like you, Raisin Cain."
This should probably be Raisin Cane. I have no idea. This speech is bonkers. https://t.co/EaFbpBtngG
Trump says that nobody in Hollywood could play US generals, "These guys are like perfect people." He says he met a general named "Raisin Kane." He said he was incredulous but that yes, the guy said, his name is Raisin "like the fruit." ??? someone help me with this one
"Seven trillion dollars and we have to fly in with no lights!" Trump concludes. As always, there is no basis for the "$7 trillion in the Middle East" claim he makes regularly.
Trump is telling a lengthy Sir Alert story about how he went and sat with the pilots who were flying him into Iraq, because he respects people who know what they're doing. He is talking at length about how they had the plane go dark for the landing.
Trump now says that the US will likely have captured 100% of the ISIS caliphate "as of tomorrow." He said Thursday that it has already happened.
Trump is now talking at length about how he was supposedly all alone in the White House for New Year's. People say "awww." He tells them not to cry. He then talks again about all the guys with machine guys who were there too.
Trump falsely claims that he didn't leave the White House for "months and months" before his trip to Iraq in December. He said he thought it'd "look good" if he stayed in the White House so people would "love me and vote for me."
For the eighth time, Trump falsely claims that the US was supposed to be in the US for merely "four months." There was never a timetable on the deployment.
Trump falsely claims, of his military spending, "nobody's ever heard of these numbers before." Obama signed a bigger NDAA in 2011 than Trump has to date.
Trump claims that Democratic California Gov. Gavin Newsom told him privately that he is a great president and extremely smart, but that Newsom will not admit this in public. Trump has a long history of inventing things people supposedly told him over the phone.
Trump mocks "the Never Trumpers," saying "they are on mouth to mouth resuscitation. Mouth to mouth. Mouth to mouth." There are cheers.
Trump is now attacking California's forest management practices.
On second listen, seems like Trump was indeed talking Democratic about members of Congress who immigrated from elsewhere. He referred to their birth country, not the U.S., as "their country." https://t.co/pzHSySpWcB
Trump calls the Democratic presidential candidates "these maniacs," falsely claiming they want people to take "trains to Hawaii."
Trump falsely claims that the unemployment rate is the lowest in "51 years." It dropped briefly in 2018 to a 49-year low, but it's now at an 18-year low (ignoring earlier days of the Trump era).
Trump falsely claims that over 600,000 manufacturing jobs have been created on his watch. He has previously said it was over 500,000 but would "very soon" be 600,000, now just decided it is indeed over 600,000. It was 454,000 through January.
Trump's villains in this speech have included three people he appointed - Sessions, Rosenstein, Powell - plus Republican legislators who support free trade.
Trump on Powell: "We have a gentleman that likes raising interest rates in the Fed. We have a gentleman that likes quantitative tightening in the Fed...so with all of those things...with all of that, we're doing great. Can you imagine if we left interest rates where they were?"
Trump is musing about anti-tariff members of Congress. "I even like some of them. But they're smart. So we take that out of the equation. And I know they don't have evil intentions. And the other thing...maybe these companies are all owned by people...campaign contributions..."
Trump says India is a high-tariff country, but nobody knows this because "nobody knows what they're doing in Washington."
Trump says, of either immigrants or unspecified Democratic members of Congress he is accusing of hating America - I'm not sure on first listen  - "How did they do in their country?...Not so good." He says he knows some people will say it's "terrible" he says this.
Trump on immigration and Congress: "They have to be people that can love our country, not hate our country. We have people in Congress, right now, that hate our country."
"We're down to 3.7% unemployment. The lowest number in a long time," Trump says of the 4.0% unemployment rate.
Trump says the new North American trade deal makes it "prohibitively hard" for companies to move to Mexico to manufacture. Rules governing almost all manufacturing industries, other than the auto industry, haven't been substantially changed from NAFTA.
After talking about policy stuff for like 30 seconds, Trump is now on an extended story about talking on the phone with his old friends, ribbing them for how deferential they now are. He concludes, "Maybe that's a good thing. That's called respect for the office."
Trump says his friends used to call him and say "Hey Don, hey Donnie," but now they say, very respectfully, "Mr. President. How are you, sir?" He says he tells them, "Lighten up. Call me Donald."
Trump applauds the state lawsuit seeking to get Obamacare invalidated in its entirety. He promises "really great health care" from Republicans if that happens.
After more than five minutes ranting about his crowd sizes, Trump says he'll now return to unspecified political content people are here for. He urges them not to "fall asleep."
Trump says his aides say, about his crowd sizes, "Sir, it doesn't matter, nobody cares." He says he responds, "But I care."  He says, "I have to live with [mocking voice] 'crowd size.' It's all a phony deal, folks."
Trump says he is constantly telling his communications aide Mercedes Schlapp to show people pictures of his crowds, I think.
Trump is now talking at length about his inauguration crowd. He said he watched some television show "by mistake" and they were very unfair about it. "I saw pictures that there were no people. Those pictures were taken hours before."
Trump says he's been advised not to talk about this crowd-size-media stuff, but he says people won't understand unless he talks about it. He is still ranting about @daveweigel.
Trump falsely claims he has not had an empty seat at any arena.
Trump criticizes "a guy named David Weigel" of the Post for his erroneous tweet, 14 months ago, saying Trump did not have a big crowd. (Weigel apologized.) He mocks Weigel for getting to the rally so early because "he doesn't fly private," maybe because of "the carbon footprint."
This is one of the least-hinged speeches Trump has given in a long time.
Trump says his unnamed non-friend "chokes" whenever he has to make a speech to nine or more people, because of a fear of public speaking, even though "he kills people for a living, meaning mentally and financially."
Trump refers to a good friend of his in New York, a "stone-cold killer," then says the man is "not even a good friend of mine" because he'd turn on him quickly, but he's "very rich." He says the unnamed man asked him what he was going to talk about today, and he said "I dunno."
Trump says that the CPAC people are probably thinking they're getting a lot more than they bargained for today.
Trump is falsely claiming, again, that John Podesta called for Comey's ouster. Podesta criticized Comey the day of the firing, saying "the American public is getting mildly nauseous listening to Jim Comey," but didn't call for Comey to go.
Trump says he told Melania that he was going to fire James Comey because: "He's bad. He's a bad, bad guy." He says again that he thought it would be a popular move with both parties. "So bipartisan."
Trump is criticizing Sessions and Rosenstein at length, complaining that they, and Mueller, weren't elected, unlike him. He appointed both of them after he was elected.
Trump says "TiVo" is "better than television": "Television is practically useless without TiVo."
There was a bit of a not-totally-pleased gasp at CPAC when Trump did this, in my subjective opinion. Trump has denied Woodward's reporting that he has called Sessions a "dumb southerner." https://t.co/f8t87eBp1F
Trump mocks Jeff Sessions's accent, as he has been reported to do in private, saying, "I'm gonna recuse mahhhself."
Trump on Mueller's appointment: "You put the wrong people in a couple of positions...and all of a sudden they're trying to take you out with bullshit." Some of the crowd chants BULL-SHIT.
Trump is ranting about Democrats' plans to investigate his financial dealings. He refers to Rep. Adam Schiff as "Little Shifty Schiff."
Trump says of Republican congressman that he wants to name and applaud "every damn one of them." He names two of them, Mark Meadows and Jim Jordan.
For the 104th time as president, Trump falsely says the U.S. has had a $500 billion trade deficit with China "for many years," specifying that it is $507 billion. It was $337 billion in 2017, has never been $500 billion in any previous year.
Trump says conservatives don't like tariffs. As for himself, he says, "I'm not likin' or not likin.'" He said on Feb. 15: "I happen to like tariffs."
Trump mocks CNN, in his mocking voice, for accurately reporting in 2016 that "he asked Russia to come get the emails." He says, "These people are sick."
! Trump, shouting and gesturing, re-enacts his call for Russia to obtain Hillary Clinton's emails. He suggests this was a joke the media unfairly didn't treat as a joke. There is a loud LOCK HER UP chant.
Trump says his wife always tells him not to use certain words, so he won't, but he tells her sometimes, "But the audience wanted me to do it. She said, 'don't do it.'" There is a "USE IT" chant from the crowd. Trump criticizes "the fake news" for not treating his jokes as jokes.
Trump, mocking the Green New Deal, acts out a husband peering up at the sky as he attempts to watch TV but can't because it is not windy. He says, "Darling, is the wind blowing today? I'd like to watch television, darling." There is raucous laughter and applause.
Trump: "If we don't go off script, our country's in big trouble, folks." He complains of the "New Green Deal or whatever the hell they call it." He then corrects himself, and mockingly says he is very excited for Democrats to promote it, thinks it's great.
Trump: "I'm totally off script right now. And this is how I got elected, by being off script." There is a standing ovation.
Trump is now telling the story of the 1888 tariff debate. As before, he doesn't get it quite right. (He says it was about how to spend all the money the government had. It was indeed about the big surplus, but it was about how to reduce that surplus, not about how to spend it.)
Trump complains of other presidents not challenging "40%" auto tariffs from China. They were not 40% until China retaliated against Trump's tariffs. They're now back down to 15%.
Trump on foreign leaders: "They like me."
This should be world, not word. My bad. https://t.co/dKHcWgVw6q
For the 20th consecutive time, Trump says Hillary Clinton got 223 electoral votes. She got 232.
"I was probably more of a conservative than a Republican," Trump says of his 2016 candidacy. He is telling the detailed story about how people did not think he could beat Hillary Clinton, but then, in fact, he did.
Trump: "What we've done together has never been done in the history, maybe, of beyond our country...the history of the word." He refers to "the election," then says we refer to it "with a capital E."
@Mirabalhermana I do not drink
We are now watching a highlight reel of Matt Schlapp arguing with people on CNN. The video ends with "SCHLAPPED" in big letters.
We are listening to Candle in the Wind. Elton John is a staple of Trump-speech playlists.
Some of the crowd is booing on-screen Chris Cuomo when he notes that Trump lies, citing examples like his denial of knowledge of the Stormy Daniels payment and his wild false claims about mass voter fraud. Some shouts: "Youuu lie!" "CNN lies!" "FAAAKE NEWWWS!"
The crowd is booing CNN's Chris Cuomo, whose interview with Matt Schlapp is on screen. "RETARRRD," a guy behind me yells at the screen, then apologizes.
There is a video before Trump speaks. As the Trump on video says "we will make America great again," the crowd shouts GREAT AGAIN in time with him. Then there is a video of Matt Schlapp on CNN talking about "socialism."
@JimmyReimJob It's in the thousands for sure
Here is the CPAC crowd, behind and in front of the media zone. https://t.co/1zz5xMSqSf
Trump will speak to the CPAC conference in Maryland shortly. Tweets in this thread.
An interesting Trump lie. He said Feb. 6 that the 100% liberation of ISIS land would be declared "probably next week," Feb. 15 that it'd be declared in "the next 24 hours." Never happened. After the Kim summit, he just went and did it himself, falsely. https://t.co/a415qxqLt1
Going on MSNBC with @JoyAnnReid from CPAC. She just went into commercial talking about how much they’re talking here about Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez. Mark Levin is currently on stage behind me insulting Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez.
RT @mschlapp: Brian you do realize when media calls our president a liar they make it impossible for 50 % of the country to see you as unbi…
@JLew1050 He’s Assimilating
Going on MSNBC with @KatyTurNBC and @anitakumar01
Trump is scheduled to give a speech to CPAC at 11:30 tomorrow morning. He has no public events scheduled for Sunday.
The endless “socialism” talk at CPAC, from Pence on down to Diamond and Silk, signals that this is the Republican playbook for at least 2019. Democratic strategists and a Democratic Socialist leader I spoke to shrugged, saying it’s kind of always the playbook.
Slavery revived. Abolished hamburgers replaced by dog food. CPAC has been one long attempt to raise fears of a version of “socialism” Democrats are not running on: https://t.co/6pkFJQlj8M
RT @maggieNYT: There was no misinterpretation. https://t.co/3fMAWFDxgn
@BenDizik ? It was relevant to this context. Lindell talked at length about his addiction in his speech yesterday.
RT @josh_wingrove: As expected -- there's little leeway, at this stage, to do anything else -- Canada has formally authorized the beginning…
@megabundance They are not making me, I find it interesting and useful to be here
Michelle Malkin is accusing "GOP sellouts" of being "in bed with immigration saboteurs," like the ones who hijacked the Tea Party movement. She says she is not a "grifter," those people are the real grifters.
Michelle Malkin is speaking now. Mocking transgender people, she says she identifies as an American and her "pronouns are U-S-A."
In short: the FAQ says they're not calling for 0 emissions at all in 10 years, merely a "net" 0, because you can't get rid of things like cow emissions in 10 years. Nobody called for killing cows; cows were used to explain, weird-joke-ily, why the proposal isn't more ambitious.
After Cruz insults me, he accurately quotes the line from the FAQ released/deleted by Ocasio-Cortez (which is not part of the Green New Deal resolution endorsed by other Dems). If you read that and conclude "Democrats want to kill all the cows," I dunno. https://t.co/SsZhjXwoGd
@atrupar For sure, I obviously don't know what she personally witnessed or not.
People are mocking this CPAC story, but it’s true. It has regularly happened during the opioid crisis, in Ohio and elsewhere. https://t.co/lHnDuC1MQu https://t.co/E8GVO4a3Ey
RT @NBCNews: BREAKING: Parents of Otto Warmbier speak out after President Trump's comments on Kim Jong Un and responsibility for Warmbier's…
RT @emilyrauhala: Readout from Trump/Trudeau call. Says Trudeau pressed Trump on steel and aluminum tariffs. Says they will “keep in touch.…
CPAC is hearing via video from Donald Trump Jr., who is saying his usual things in a conversation with Jerry Falwell Jr. at a satellite CPAC event at Liberty University. This room here at main CPAC is mostly empty.
Pence, like many here, is warning of "socialist" policies turning the US into Venezuela, impoverishing millions and depriving them of liberties. They're trying to paint the Dem candidates - conventional liberals, one clearly-democratic socialist - as would-be Maduros or Stalins.
Pence, on a "freedom, not socialism" riff, says it is freedom, not socialism, that is allowing Americans to move past their old prejudices.
Pence joins the Republicans warning of Democrats embracing "socialism." He says "freedom, not socialism," ended slavery.
"The world has witnessed the results" of Trump's successful work on North Korea, Pence says, such as the return of U.S. remains and the halt to North Korean testing. "Sometimes you have to walk," he says, but Trump will stand firm until there is complete denuclearization.
Pence denounces Iran, then talks about his trip to Auschwitz. "The history of that time must never be forgotten," he says. "We say from our heart: never again." He says that when antisemitic regimes threaten another Holocaust, "we must take them at their word."
"We will always stand with people of faith," Pence says of himself and a president who made a campaign proposal to ban everyone who follows a certain faith from entering the country.
"Freedom of religion is under attack in our country," Pence claims, saying "media elites" and "Hollywood liberals" now find it fashionable to mock religious beliefs. He cites the criticism of his wife for working at a school that bans gay students, teachers and parents.
@spacecadetier no i mean trump
Pence is basically giving the speech that Trump's aides write for him for his rallies but he never delivers because he finds it boring.
"Veterans Choice is here," Pence says triumphantly about a program created under Barack Obama in 2014, and there is a standing ovation.
There is a standing ovation for the Space Force. A guy tries and fails to start a U-S-A chant.
Pence joins Trump in using outdated stats on unemployment, claiming Asian-Americans and Hispanic Americans have their lowest unemployment rates ever. That was true for a brief time in 2018 but has ceased to be true.
Pence is listing Trump economic accomplishments to loud cheers and standing ovations. He says it's an honour to work with a man who wakes up every day to fight to keep his promises.
It is just Matt Schlapp, introducing Mike Pence. https://t.co/8GCNWWY2sW
@frenchie1916 Pence is after TBA
There will now be a mystery CPAC speaker who is listed as "TBA" on the official schedule. Last year CPAC kept NRA executive vice-president Wayne LaPierre's name off the schedule in this way.
Ted Cruz says he hopes PETA supports Republicans now that "Democrats want to kill all the cows." There are big cheers. They're really going hard at this aggressively obtuse interpretation of the "cows" line in the Green New Deal FAQ AOC's office posted and deleted.
"One of the things that drives the media and drives the far left crazy about Donald Trump is that he's willing to actually stand up and defend America," Ted Cruz says to applause.
Cruz argues that if Republicans had funded and built the wall in 2017 and 2018, they would not have lost the House. That is subjective but very dubious.
Ted Cruz recites a list of Trump-era accomplishments, but he says "we should have done much, much more" under unified Republican control in 2017 and 2018.
Cruz says Democrats oppose the wall, even though they've supported border barriers in the past, purely out of "emotional, visceral hate" of Donald Trump.
Ted Cruz is being interviewed by National Review's Rich Lowry. Lowry asks Cruz about "Robert Francis O'Rourke" saying he would take down the border fencing in El Paso. Lowry does not refer to Cruz as Rafael Edward.
Ted Cruz: "Democrats have gone batcrap crazy. If you look at the medical dictionary, it's under B. It is, in fact, a psychosis."
Kellyanne Conway manages to work in media criticism to her appearance on opioids, saying the media is failing if citizens don't know what fentanyl is. "Lots of folks are falling down on the job and not giving you the news you can actually use."
Kellyanne Conway says Trump is "the most pro-life president in American history." She credits Melania Trump for working to help babies born dependent on opioids. She credits My Pillow man Mike Lindell, a former crack addict, for his work on the issue in Minnesota.
"You're worth more than takin' some street pill. You have no idea what the source of that pill is. You have no idea if it's - increasingly laced with fentanyl," Kellyanne Conway advises "the youth."
Kellyanne Conway is on stage speaking about the opioid crisis. The agenda says Surgeon General Dr. Jerome Adams would be on stage with her, but he isn't.
@ahsanford Wait, I'm on vacation?
My tweet should've been clearer - Owens was arguing that Republicans surrendered the cultural sphere, like Hollywood movies, to Democrats, not insulting the culture of African-Americans. https://t.co/znlbCY1zsa
@AsteadWesley Sorry if my tweet was confusing - I think she was saying that the right gave up culture, surrendered Hollywood etc to liberals.
Devin Nunes says it's fine if a Mueller report is made public, but every internal document from the investigation also needs to be public, like "every email" sent by his team.
Byron York is interviewing Rep. Devin Nunes and Judicial Watch's Tom Fitton on stage about how the dirty Russia investigation tried to take down Trump.
"It's been a tough year to be a fan of Candace Owens," Candace Owens acknowledges in closing.
"America is not a racist country. The people that continue to tell us that have a vested interest in racism," Candace Owens says to CPAC cheers. She says these people are now "importing Nigerians" to do racism for them, like Jussie Smollett.
Probably the biggest cheer of CPAC so far comes after Candace Owens says "Hillary Clinton, who is still not the president of the United States..."
Candace Owens, of various remarks including the Hitler-was-fine-until-he-went-international thing, is speaking now. She asks "how is it possible" that the party of slavery and Jim Crow, the Democrats, has the Black vote? Her conclusion: "We gave up culture," entertainment.
Glenn Beck, giving the first CPAC speech of the day, argues that "equality does not exist in nature" and "does not exist in man." Just try, he says, to "challenge LeBron James to a game of one on one," or "challenge Ben Shapiro to debate anything."
Trump tells Hannity he only stopped calling the wall a wall because he was advised to: “I'm going to call it a wall as supposed to barriers or slats. They said, ‘could you call it slats or barriers?’ We played the game for a little while.”
Trump on what North Korea promised in their vague initial agreement in Singapore: “That we're going to have a complete denuke. I call it denuking, but it's denuclearization.”
Trump on Kim Jong Un: “He likes me. I like him. Some people say ‘oh, you shouldn't like him.’ I said, ‘why shouldn't I like him? I like him.’”
Trump on Kim Jong Un, to Hannity: “He’s a real personality and he's very smart. He's sharp as you can be, and he's a real leader, and he's pretty mercurial. I don't say that necessarily in a bad way, but he's a pretty mercurial guy.”
RT @npfandos: “Yes, we have unambiguous evidence that the president has committed a crime at this point, I think,” @RepJerryNadler tells @h…
RT @GideonResnick: .@JayInslee is officially running. He's the first governor to enter the race and as expected he's talking about climate…
Trump has nothing on his public schedule for today. (Public schedules don’t include all of a president’s activities.)
RT @maggieNYT: Trump said he played no role. So did Ivanka Trump. Abbe Lowell claimed in May 2018 Kushner went through a standard clearance…
RT @JoeBiden: @CynthiaNixon You’re right, Cynthia. I was making a point in a foreign policy context, that under normal circumstances a Vice…
RT @reidepstein: In Omaha, Joe Biden calls Mike Pence "a decent guy, our vice president."
RT @NoahShachtman: EXCLUSIVE: Trump moneyman Allen Weisselberg is about to be hauled in front of the House intelligence committee. https://…
I know this isn’t the point, but the history of Soviet hamburgers is actually really interesting https://t.co/ceLFGnEfBB https://t.co/RrMhefirk0
@kdino It was an intentional line!
Trump is scheduled for Saturday morning. https://t.co/UPXfDimjQf
@thewatchman2007 Deliberate joke!
I am signing off from CPAC for today. The remaining speakers this afternoon include Cabinet members Alex Acosta, Alex Azar and Linda McMahon. The day will be concluded by Diamond and Silk.
Graham recounts his rough relationship start with Trump, then says things are better now: "I like him and he likes him."
Graham: "Why is Kavanaugh on the court? 'Cause Trump is tough." He says that Trump standing by Kavanaugh when others wanted him to pick someone else after Kavanaugh was accused of sexual assault "is truly draining the swamp."
Sen. Lindsey Graham gets an enthusiastic standing ovation. He says of Kim Jong Un: he couldn't be here, and "if he doesn't get a deal with Trump, he won't be anywhere much longer."
"I am so grateful that we have the most pro-life president in my lifetime," says Penny Nance of Concerned Women for America. "Thank you, Donald J. Trump, for standing up for human life."
Housing Secretary Ben Carson provides a graphic description of abortion, calls it "barbaric" and "murder." Carson scoffs at abortion for "the health of the mother," saying, "What about the mother's mental health"? (Obviously, millions of women who get abortions are totally fine.)
Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson, also a celebrated neurosurgeon, is on stage now to speak against abortion.
Kudlow: "The old Soviet Union proved it won’t work and it can’t work." Many of the speakers are talking about "socialism" as if Democrats are running on dictatorial Marxism rather than (some of them on) social-democratic policies in the style of other wealthy democracies.
Kudlow says this is his request to people: "Put socialism on trial. That’s what I’m asking you to do. I don’t want us to stand idly by. I don’t want to let this stuff fester...I want to convict socialism."
Trump economic adviser Larry Kudlow lists several economic accomplishments under Trump, then says, "I'll let the ankle-biters just bite our ankles."
RT @nktpnd: I think this is tripping up a lot of people. Trump was technically incorrect when he said North Korea asked for the “entirety”…
RT @joshjonsmith: Another official, Choe Son Hui, explained: “We offered to permanently dismantle this uranium enrichment facility and all…
RT @frankaum1: North Korea wanted relief from 5 UN Security Council resolutions from 2016-17.  They view this as "partial sanctions relief"…
RT @julianbarnes: American forces would be out of Afghanistan in next three to five years under new plan that would refocus troops for rema…
RT @agearan: Trump, addressing troops at Elmendorf refueling stop, doesn't go into any detail on summit outcome. He does do a gee-whiz, can…
RT @JimBridenstine: BREAKING @NASA news! Canada is joining NASA’s efforts to go to the Moon! Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau made a 24-year c…
Now another CPAC session on criminal justice reform, an interview with prisoner turned reform activist Pat Nolan, former California Republican legislative leader who pleaded guilty to racketeering. This stuff is a departure from the red-meat vibe of a lot of the other sessions.
Van Jones tells CPAC that Muslim families are awesome and that undocumented immigrants have a lower crime rate than the rest of us. A significant number of people in the crowd boo him after the part about undocumented immigrants.
Van Jones says that if you think it's hard to be a top government official having a prosecutor come after you, think about what it's like for poor people.
Matt Schlapp: "It is a strange thing that every modern Republican president has a special counsel. Each and every one." He says "you know why they call them 'special?' It shouldn't happen every time."
Van Jones says he has never seen a bird fly "with only a left wing," "even in Berkeley," nor "only a right wing." The two sides need each other, he says.
Asked about getting blowback from "the left" for being here and working with Trump on criminal justice reform, Van Jones says: "If you're on Twitter calling me a sellout...if you're on Twitter, you're not in federal prison...I care about the people who are locked up."
Van Jones is now appearing on the CPAC stage to talk criminal justice reform with American Conservative Union chairman Matt Schlapp. They'll be interviewed by Saagar Enjeti from the Daily Caller.
Trump’s campaign fundraising committee is here selling Space Force hats, among other hats. https://t.co/PmZC7gismE
Back on the main stage, Pawn Stars man Rick Harrison is decrying socialism. https://t.co/KhgSdDKRA8
There is a large painting of Donald Trump, titled Unafraid and Unashamed. https://t.co/CnVOP1LkfV
In the CPAC Expo zone, I have found a cardboard Ronald Reagan and a cardboard Charlie Kirk. There is lipstick on the Charlie Kirk. https://t.co/WAFLcoLZlX
CPAC will now hear from Maj Toure, founder of the group Black Guns Matter. There is a mass lunch exodus, which I will join.
Ingraham says there are "three screens flashing red" for her to stop speaking, but she doesn't care. "Rules don't matter," she says. She then brings out her daughter, who gets a standing ovation.
Ingraham advises conservatives who are being called racist and misogynist by the left to do the following: "Look right back at them and say, 'You’re the real racist, you’re the real misogynist.'"
Ingraham: "We are the party of optimism and happiness." Within a minute, she says Democrats like infanticide.
Trudeau's SNC-Lavalin scandal gets mentioned at CPAC: Ingraham gloats that “Justin Trudeau’s glow is dimming. He’s in the middle of his own scandal…he's in trouble."
Ocasio-Cortez is the primary individual villain of CPAC so far. The main thematic target is "socialism." The specific proposal being talked about most is the Green New Deal.
CPAC speakers are talking about Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez more than any other Democrat. Ingraham says she takes Ocasio-Cortez seriously because "she is the thought leader of the Democrat Party right now. She is.”
Ingraham: "Reagan walked away in Reykjavík and Trump walked away in Hanoi. Which was the best outcome once again. He's doing the right thing for the American people." She then proceeds to mock CNN's Jim Acosta, who gets booed after she unconvincingly asks people not to boo.
Fox News's Laura Ingraham is giving a speech now. She begins, "It's good to see all of our friends, and members of the media."
@Brendajurgens3 It's in the thousands, not tens of thousands
There are a couple of CPAC sessions on criminal justice reform. NFL linebacker and activist Demario Davis is on stage criticizing cash bail and incentives for incarceration. He applauds progressive Philadelphia DA Larry Krasner.
CPAC is hearing a discussion of religion and liberty. BlazeTV's Allie Stuckey says that people tell people like her to keep their religion out of the public square even as they push the “religion of social justice," with "intersectionality" and "postmodernism."
Rick Perry says that when you cross from north Pennsylvania into New York, you see "old-time poverty that we'd hoped we'd gotten past in this country." He claims it's because of the state's restrictive energy policies. There is also such poverty in Texas, and Pennsylvania.
Energy Secretary Rick Perry says the U.S. economy is "stronger than garlic." He has previously called Ted Cruz stronger than garlic (2012) and himself stronger than garlic on border security (2015), among other stronger than garlics.
@FeelingAmused I call people what they want to be called.
McDaniel also argues that Republicans can stop college students by being seduced by Dem promises of free college by telling them “go look who’s running your school...they are all liberal," and they are the reason tuition is so high. (No.)
To combat Democratic promises of free college, McDaniel says Republicans need to go to college campuses and tell students, “We have kids who can’t read right now in elementary schools…let’s fix the education system we have right now.”
Asked what she'll do if John Kasich or Larry Hogan launches a primary challenge to Trump, Republican National Committee chair Ronna McDaniel says, "They have the right to jump in and lose. That's fine. They will lose horribly."
RT @IsaacDovere: President Trump called @mattgaetz last night from Hanoi to talk the Cohen testimony and the threats (since rescinded) Gaet…
RNC chair Ronna McDaniel says that the party has to "educate" people on what "socialism" means -- go and "talk about Venezuela."
A Daily Caller guy is "interviewing" RNC chair Ronna McDaniel on stage. He recites a list of Democratic scandals and controversies. "Why do they pay you?" he says, chuckling, telling McDaniel that Dems are doing her job for her.
@Blarob @TorontoStar This is totally my call, the Star did not send me here or something. Feel free to mute or whatever
My Pillow man Mike Lindell on Trump: "The greatest president in history. Of course he is. He was chosen by God." A little applause.
My Pillow's Mike Lindell gets a partial standing ovation. He says that, before Trump came along, "quite frankly, it looked like the end times prophesized in the Bible." He says he knew nothing about politics, but he could sense "something miraculous" was happening with Trump.
After his lengthy praise of Donald Trump, Charlie Kirk warns of how universities are warping students' minds: “Students are being taught that there is no such thing as objective truth…that you can create your own right and wrong."
Charlie Kirk says Donald Trump is the most conservative president since Ronald Reagan, "if not in American history." Among other things, he says Trump has "called out the relationship between big business and big government."
Charlie Kirk gets a standing ovation from the majority of the crowd for his words on how Democrats do not "mean well."
Charlie Kirk says that Donald Trump hasn't changed the left, he has revealed them: "This is who they have always been. They have always hated this country.” He says people need to stop saying liberals "mean well," since they actually want to "destroy this country from within."
Sebastian Gorka says the Green New Deal is like a watermelon because it's red, like communist red, on the inside. He says, "They want to take away your hamburgers. This is what Stalin dreamt about but never achieved."
Sebastian Gorka calls Michael Cohen a "ratfink," I think, and gets applause.
Sebastian Gorka asks people to go look something up on their favourite search engine. He then says, "It better not be Google. We don't like Google."
Gorka lists lots of bad things Vladimir Putin has done. "However, here's the good news, Russia is not a superpower, it's not the Soviet Union, thanks in part to the president of the United States." He claims Trump has driven energy prices so low that he is diminishing Russia.
Sebastian Gorka tells a story about learning as a child that his dad had his hands tied behind his back by communist secret police. He then says: "That is the threat to America. At that point I knew that socialism isn't just theoretical, it is a real threat."
Oh, "Dr. Sebastian Gorka" is coming out before Charlie Kirk. He wasn't on the schedule at this point.
"I ask you to pray for the NRA," Ollie North says. He concludes: "The NRA is freedom's safest place."
Ollie North's speech on gun rights is soft-spoken and conventional. NRA executive vice-president Wayne LaPierre delivered unhingedly conspiratorial screeds at CPAC in 2017 and 2018.
NRA president Ollie North gets a standing ovation. He says there aren't gun control advocates. Rather, he says, "They ought to call themselves what they really are: the vanguard of the Disarm America movement."
"To make America great again, Roe must go and abortion must end," Dannenfelser says to cheers.
Marjorie Dannenfelser, president of the Susan B. Anthony List, calls Trump "the most productive pro-life president in history...he is surpassing our hopes." She says he will be re-elected "with the muscle of the pro-life movement solidly behind him."
Coming up, in order: NRA president Ollie North, former Wisconsin governor Scott Walker, Charlie Kirk, My Pillow guy Mike Lindell, RNC chair Ronna McDaniel.
@sebastian_byron He did not say
Sen. Mike Lee gave a conventional speech about federalism and the separation of powers, saying presidents of both parties have deviated from the way it should be. (I want to tweet normal stuff as well as the weird stuff - it's not all a weirdness carnival here.)
Asked about possible inspections of North Korean nuclear sites, Trump claimed without elaboration, "We’d be able to do that very easily. We have that set up so we would be able to do that very easily."
How much CPAC should I tweet?
Matt Schlapp says that people say Trump is dishonest, but what’s more honest than going in front of a huge rally with lots of cameras and telling people what he really thinks about tough issues?
I have arrived at CPAC. Today’s first session features Rep. Jim Jordan, Rep. Mark Meadows and Matt Schlapp. They are saying that there is no collusion. The session is called Marketing Marxism: There’s Nothing New About the Green New Deal.
"He tells me that he didn’t know about it, and I will take him at his word." From the Vox transcript (https://t.co/556jpzvgcw), here are Trump's comments on Kim and Warmbier: https://t.co/R08QwHeMsS
Trump on exercises with South Korea: "And I was telling the generals, I said, 'Look, exercises is fun and it’s nice and they play the war game. And I’m not saying it’s not necessary because on some levels it is, but on other levels it’s not.'"
The Pentagon said US-South Korea military exercises cost $14 million. Trump said, "I gave that up quite a while ago because it cost us $100 million every time we do it."
Trump: "Believe it or not, I have a great relationship with almost every leader. A lot of people find that hard to understand, but I do."
Asked about China's influence on North Korea, Trump said China has "great power," but he added of North Korea's dictator, "They’re not taking orders from anybody. He’s a very strong guy, and they’re able to do things that are pretty amazing."
Asked about Kim continuing to amass more missiles and nuclear material since the first summit, Trump said, "Well, some people, David, are saying that, and some people are denying that. They have shots from above, way above. And some people are saying that and some people aren’t."
Trump: "The denuclearization is a very important word, has become a very well-used word. And a lot of people don’t know what it means, but to me it’s pretty obvious we have to get rid of the nukes."
Asked if it was premature to hold a summit before more things were nailed down, Trump said he was prepared to walk and he did, and would've been criticized if he took a bad deal. He said, "We actually had papers ready to be signed, but it just wasn’t appropriate."
Cohen, of course, also said he overheard Trump being told days in advance of WikiLeaks dumping hacked emails, and said he suspected he saw Trump being told in advance of the Trump Tower meeting. https://t.co/Bu7Mb6wcR8
Trump called the Cohen hearing a "fake hearing" and said Cohen lied about "everything" except for when he said he did not have evidence of collusion with Russia. "The most important question up there was the one on collusion, and he said he saw no collusion."
Trump said Kim promised he'd still refrain from testing "of rockets and nuclear," regardless of the non-deal, "so, you know, I trust him, and I take him at his word. "
Trump stopped to shout out Sean Hannity: "But for this particular visit we decided that we had to walk, and we’ll see what happens. OK?...Sean Hannity, what are you doing here, Sean Hannity? Should we let him do a question?"
Trump on the non-deal: "Basically they wanted the sanctions lifted in their entirety, and we couldn’t do that. They were willing to denuke a large portion of the areas that we wanted, but we couldn’t give up all of the sanctions for that, so we’ll continue to work and we’ll see."
Trump described Kim Jong Un as follows: "He’s quite a guy and quite a character."
Trump called again for Maduro to let in humanitarian aid, saying "you would really think that the man in charge currently would let those supplies get through."
Here's a non-live tweet of Trump's Hanoi press conference. He began by hailing "reasonably attractive news from Pakistan and India," maybe Pakistan's planned release of the Indian pilot. Here's how he described the conflict: https://t.co/iGiDLf4Ymm
One problem with making 5.8 false claims per day for two years is that it’s hard to believe your accounts of what happened behind closed doors. https://t.co/wOrvlofUbc
RT @jimsciutto: Overnight in Hanoi, President Trump: 	- Ended summit early without agmt	- Appeared to walk back demand for full denucleariz…
RT @PhilipRucker: Trump says he believes Kim Jong Un was not responsible for what happened to Otto Warmbier.		"Those prisons are rough...He…
Trump, per pooler @DavidNakamura, says it might take more time, but “no matter what happens we’ll ultimately have a deal that’s really good for Chairman Kim and his country...With this great leadership, I really believe that North Korea is going to be very successful."
RT @ZekeJMiller: HANOI, Vietnam (AP) — President Trump says opening US liaison office in North Korea is 'a good idea,' as Kim Jong Un calls…
RT @jeffmason1: #KimJongUn took several questions from reporters while meeting with @realDonaldTrump. Asked by Reuters if he was ready to d…
RT @markknoller: Surprisingly responding to shouted questions from American reporters, Kim Jong Un was asked if he's willing to denucleariz…
RT @mattgaetz: I’ve personally apologized to @MichaelCohen212 4 referencing his private family in the public square.  Regardless of disagre…
RT @bpolitics: JUST IN: Trump says on denuclearization push with Kim: "Speed is not that important to me" and "I am in no rush." He also sa…
@wrockettman Yeah, that’s fair. I should’ve mentioned it.
RT @MikeUehlein: tfw you go to eat your hallway pizza and get told you’re in the live shot https://t.co/ppkq9PJraO
@BotoCorDeRosa ? It's a news article.
Michael Cohen accused Trump of multiple crimes, plus a bunch of other serious transgressions. My attempt to summarize a whole lot of allegations today: https://t.co/0ly84cxAHI
@NSlayton Exactly, me too
I would if it was 1:50 or 5:50, but 3:50 is too bad a time even for me https://t.co/B5Tmm30PhZ
For those wondering, Trump’s press conference is scheduled for 3:50 AM Eastern time.
Trump is scheduled to begin a one-on-one meeting with Kim Jong Un in about two and a half hours. Most of Cohen's testimony happened late at night/in the early morning Hanoi time.
RT @toddzwillich: Rep Cummings asked if committee will subpoena Alan Weisselberg, Donald Trump Jr given what Cohen has alleged. "I think we…
RT @maggieNYT: NEW: Statement from Jay Sekulow, Counsel to the President:	“Today’s testimony by Michael Cohen that attorneys for the Presid…
RT @JoeBrunoWSOC9: BREAKING: McCrae Dowless has been indicted on three counts of felonious obstruction of justice, two counts of conspiracy…
RT @mviser: Beto O'Rourke, amid speculation he'll run for president, is not running for Senate in 2020, reports Dallas Morning News' @grome…
Cummings delivered an emotional, meandering closing statement that appeared to bring Cohen to tears. He finished by very angrily noting that contrary to Republicans' claims, this was not his committee's first hearing. (Jim Jordan began the day by saying that it was.)
@jfmezei That's what I said in the tweet!
The Cohen hearing is over.
Cummings, in his closing statement, refers to the WaPo's count of Trump's false and misleading statements, nearly 9,000. (I count 4,445 false ones.) He says "it's stunning."
Jim Jordan is accusing Cohen of lying that he didn't set up that Twitter account that called him sexy and such, saying he asked the tech person to do it, and lying that he didn't want a job in the administration.
Cohen concludes: "To those who support the president and his rhetoric as I once did: I pray the country doesn't make the same mistakes that I have made or pay the heavy price that my family and I have paid."
Cohen: "You don't separate families from one another or demonize those looking to America for a better life. You don't vilify people based on the god they pray to, and you don't cuddle up to our adversaries at the expense of our allies."
Cohen is offering a general denunciation of Trump, criticizing him for things like attacking the media and attacking a Gold Star family.
Cohen is making closing remarks. He says he fears there will not be a "peaceful transition of power" if Trump loses in 2020.
@Zenkitty714 No
https://t.co/wBLGiOQXfx
Mark Meadows says he has nieces and nephews of colour and it's racist to suggest that he brought in Lynne Patton as a prop.
Dem Rep. Ayanna Pressley's question: "Would you agree that someone could deny rental units to African-Americans, lead the birther movement, refer to the diaspora as 'shithole countries' and refer to white supremacists as 'fine people,' have a black friend, and still be racist?"
Asked if he's aware of other instances where Trump used his charitable foundation to benefit himself, Cohen says, "yes." He speaks of this case described by the NYT. It's not currently clear, to me at least, how it benefited Trump: https://t.co/SAY5uHEwNZ
Cohen is asked if Trump could have a Black friend and still be racist. "Yes," he says.
Cohen: "He tasked me to find a straw bidder to ensure that his painting, which was going last in the auction, would go for the highest amount of any of the paintings."
Here's the excellent WaPo story on how Trump inflated and deflated the value of his golf courses depending on whether he was dealing with local tax authorities or others: https://t.co/1sl1PDeICL https://t.co/2A9mXqYwjv
Ocasio-Cortez asks Cohen about Trump allegedly deflating the value of a Florida golf course to try to reduce his tax bill. Cohen says, "It's identical to what he did at Trump National Golf Club and at Briarcliff Manor."
Cohen says Alan Weisselberg and some others would know more about Trump inflating assets to get insurance benefits. He agrees with Ocasio-Cortez that Trump's tax returns would help shed light on this.
Dem Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez asks Cohen about an AMI "treasure trove" of documents related to Trump's catch-and-kill arrangements. Cohen says he doesn't know if it still exists, Pecker and some others would know.
Mark Meadows is reading this tweet from pro-Trump pastor Darrell Scott, who was part of the Trump transition, into the record. https://t.co/roSFd9OEVb
Asked by Dem Rep. Ro Khanna if he's alleging that Trump directed transactions in conspiracy with his CFO and Don Jr. as part of a criminal conspiracy "of financial fraud," Cohen says, "Yes." He says he doesn't want to get into whether it's being investigated by SDNY.
Asked if he knows if Trump's tax returns were actually under audit in 2016, Cohen says he doesn't know for sure; he says he asked for a copy of the audit letter to use in his dealings with the press, "and I was never able to obtain one."
Cohen says his lawyers continue to believe that the witness disclosure form that asks witnesses to list contracts or payments "originating with a foreign government" does not apply to his relationship with BTA Bank. Republicans note the Kazakh government's ownership in the bank.
The hearing has resumed.
@RSameryRealtor @ChanteclerTO @RahRahRaina Hi there. That is a lie; there was never any such footage, which the Fords would have released if it existed. Otherwise, excellent tweeting by you. All the best.
RT @lachlan: Here's an example of the truth in testimony disclosure form that Meadows is referring to. It asks about contracts with foreign…
RT @diazbriseno: LIGHTHIZER: "There is no trade program in the United States if we don't pass USMCA...It just has to pass! If it doesn't yo…
RT @diazbriseno: LIGHTHIZER: "Thank you specifically for your support on USMCA. As you know that's our top priority &amp; if the Congress doesn…
They're taking a recess for "an hour or so," Cummings says.
Cohen says he was a Democrat until he was going to be named deputy finance chairman of the Republican National Committee and RNC finance chairman Steve Wynn made him switch parties.
Republican Rep. Chip Roy: "This is an embarrassment for our country." (He's talking about Cohen testifying.) He said he told his wife not to watch the hearing. She said don't worry, she has much more important things to do.
Cohen is now less categorical about turning over his recordings, saying upon questioning from Republican Chip Roy, "I'll take it under advisement now, and if it's not a problem in terms of attorney client privilege...I'll turn it over."
Cohen says he fears for his safety because of Trump's ability to incite tens of millions of people.
Democratic Rep. Brenda Lawrence says it's "totally insulting" how Republicans propped up one Black person as evidence that he's not racist.
Republican Rep. Greg Steube says there is no evidence that the checks Cohen produced today were actually related to the Stormy Daniels matter.
It is somewhat surreal to me personally to witness Republicans' sudden concern about serial lying.
Cohen is asked about hiring someone to rig unscientific online polls for Trump, including a CNBC poll asking people to name important business leaders. He confirms the story. He says Trump directed him to do the rigging.
https://t.co/b9fvqZgdZC
Republican Rep. Kelly Armstrong is slamming Cohen for his willingness to turn over recordings of clients other than Trump to the committee, saying good lawyers would never do that. Cohen: "Just trying to co-operate, sir." He says that various others already have those tapes.
Cohen says he can assure people that Trump "would never, ever do something like" hitting his wife. https://t.co/lQPNqh0Ejq
@Martenzie I loved that too
Cohen says he can give the committee his many recordings if they want them.
Republican Rep. Carol Miller says she is disappointed Cohen is here today, this isn't why West Virginia sent her to Congress, Democrats just want to impeach Trump. She says she wants to focus on issues like border security and neonatal abstinence syndrome.
Pressed by Dem Rep. Jackie Speier about how many times he threatened people at Trump's request, Cohen settles on an estimate of more than 500 times. He says this includes reporters writing negative stories, etc.
Q: "Is there a love child?" Cohen: "There is not, to my..." Q: So he paid someone off re a story of a love child that doesn't exist? Cohen: "Correct."
Cohen says that Felix Sater's idea to offer a Moscow apartment to Putin was a marketing ploy to allow them to raise prices on other Russians.
Cohen says he went to Europe during the campaign because his daughter was studying in London, but he did not meet with any Russians.
Cohen has consistently denied the dossier claim that he went to Prague for colluding-with-Russia purposes. https://t.co/FDWbrRHten
Cohen: "I've never been to Prague. I've never been to the Czech Republic."
Cohen then says that his recordings of other people are legal, and that New York only requires one party in the conversation to consent. That's also the case with his Trump recordings.
Republican Rep. Ralph Norman asks Cohen of his recording Trump: "Didn't you wiretap him illegally?" Cohen doesn't dispute the "illegal" part, but it wasn't illegal.
Asked about Trump's other deals with AMI's Pecker, Cohen refers to a claim that Trump had "a love child with an employee...and there was an elevator operator who claims he overheard..." It's this: https://t.co/72vr9WmLEg
Cohen says he doesn't think Trump knew what the contents of the WikiLeaks email dump would be, just that there'd be a batch of emails released.
Asked exactly what Roger Stone said to Trump, Cohen says: "Mr. Trump, I just want to let you know I just got off the phone with Julian Assange, and in a couple days there's going to be a massive dump of emails that is going to severely hurt the Clinton campaign."
Higgins: Testifying today got you on TV. Cohen: I've been on TV since 2011. Higgins: "I didn't know who you were until today, really." ???
Republican Rep. Clay Higgins is pressing Cohen on where are the boxes of documents he referred to. "Where is this treasure of evidence?" Cohen: They were documents "in my law office when the FBI entered and seized documents."
Republican Rep. Clay Higgins: "I've arrested several thousand men. And you remind me of many of them. The ones that immediately become humble and remorseful at the time they're actually booked...and then return to their former selves when they're back on the street."
Cohen in response to Gibbs, who said Trump is very sincere in trying to help Americans: "I take no pleasure in saying anything negative about Mr. Trump. You've met him for a short period of time. I've been with him for over a decade."
Jim Jordan is sarcastically questioning Cohen's claim that he "started" Trump's campaign. "Wowww," he says. Cohen says he's referring to his https://t.co/oUSzOGb8b0 website in 2011, which can be considered one of the origins of Trump's eventual Republican candidacy.
Republican Rep. Bob Gibbs criticizes Cohen for impugning Trump's character "while he's across the Pacific Ocean trying to negotiate a deal" to "make the world safer."
Cohen says "I am trying" to be different now. He thanks Amash for his questions, says others from the Republicans make it hard for him to "show some redemption."
I believe Amash, who has criticized Trump on various things, is the first Republican today to do anything other than simply attack Cohen. He's asking some open-ended questions; says "I don't know" whether the committee should believe Cohen.
Sater is a complicated guy: https://t.co/T5WOr97znC
Republican Rep. Justin Amash asks Cohen why Trump hired him. Cohen: "I don't know, sir. You would have to ask him that question."
Rouda keeps slowly calling Sater "convicted. Russian. mobster. Sater."
Rouda: Given Trump's familiarity with Sater, isn't it true that Trump misled at best and lied at worst, under oath? Cohen: "Yes."
Cohen is asked by Dem Rep. Harley Rouda about Trump saying under oath in 2013 that he wouldn't recognize Felix Sater in a private room. Cohen says "yes," it's true Trump knew Sater at the time; Sater had an office on the same floor of Trump Tower as Trump.
Republican Rep. Glenn Grothman begins by rejecting Cohen's claim that Trump wasn't originally intending to win. "He was running very hard," he says, adding that "I find it offensive" when "anti-Trump" people say that he was just brand-building.
Cohen says he has "no reason to believe" that a Trump-Moscow-women-urination tape actually exists, though he's been contacted about such a thing a bunch of times over many years.
Cohen: Trump was "supposed to pay" the Karen McDougal money but never did. "For whatever the reason may be, he elected not to pay it. David Pecker was very angry, because there were also other monies" Pecker had "expended on his behalf," never got reimbursed.
Democratic Rep. Jamie Raskin says the Republicans aren't upset that Cohen lied to Congress for the president, "they're upset that you've stopped lying to Congress for the president."
Republican Rep. Michael Cloud asks Cohen to commit to donating any money from future book or movie deals to charity. Cohen says no, he's not going to promise that.
Cohen, indignant: "I did not want to go to the White House." He says he sat with Trump for an hour and explained the importance of having a personal attorney like him outside the White House.
Asked by a Dem, Cohen says yes, he is aware of criminal behaviour by Trump that hasn't been discussed today. He says it's part of the SDNY investigation.
Cohen, asked by Dem Rep. Raja Krishnamoorthi, says he's not aware of Trump using any illegal drugs, being delinquent on alimony payments, or, I think, being involved in abortions.
Dem Rep. Raja Krishnamoorthi asks if there are people in Trump's orbit who aren't coming forward with information because they're signed nondisclosure agreements. Cohen says he doesn't know.
Cohen had said he looked through boxes to find the documents he filed today. A Republican angrily asks him if these are boxes that should have been turned over to investigators. Cohen says it's stuff that has been returned to him.
Republican Massie asks Cohen when was the first time he gave Trump "bad legal advice," then whether anyone else has offered to pay Lanny Davis for representing him. They've repeatedly raised the spectre of a hidden Democratic/Clintonworld hand behind Cohen.
Cohen, pressed by Republican Thomas Massie, says he wasn't just going on "intuition," but his "knowledge" of what Trump wanted even when Trump didn't say it explicitly.
Cohen: Trump had been denying ties to Russia for months, so with regard to his false testimony, "at the end of the day, I knew exactly what he wanted me to say." Adds, "He doesn't tell you what he wants"; he suggests, and "I know what he means...I've been around him for so long."
How do people think Cohen is doing?
Republican Jim Jordan asks why Cohen's lawyer didn't deny the BuzzFeed story the special counsel's office disputed about Trump supposedly directing Cohen to lie. Cohen says it's not their job, they are not "the fact-checkers for BuzzFeed."
Foxx asks Cohen to promise he won't pursue deals to offer TV commentary or run for office in New York. Cohen says he won't promise that. Foxx says he's trying to use his background "to make money."
Republican Rep. Virginia Foxx asks Cohen to promise he won't take a book or movie deal. Cohen says "no," he won't promise that. He says he's spoken to people about book and movie deals.
Republican Virginia Foxx notes that Cohen lied to banks and Congress. "It seems to me that there's not much you won't lie about when you stand to gain from it," she says, suggesting he's here to rehabilitate his image, stay in the spotlight and maybe get a book deal.
Via Star editor @EdTubb, here's the updated chart of Trump's false claims by week: https://t.co/so2PUVbdAd
Trump is up to 4,445 false claims as president, 5.8 per day. Here's my complete database, sortable by category: https://t.co/tUlVsaIQoY
Reporting from numerous news outlets has said that Cohen very much wanted a White House job. https://t.co/3g5q7MFYdF
New: Trump made 21 false claims last week, including another wild lie about mass voter fraud in California: https://t.co/NkZfwqOoON
The committee is taking a break at Cohen's request.
Asked if he's seen Trump threatening physical violence to people, Cohen says, "No. He would use others." Asked to clarify that Trump would hire people, Cohen says, "He didn't have to hire them. They were already working there."
Cohen: "You don't know him. I do. I sat next for this man for 10 years and I watched his back. I'm the one who started the campaign." He says, "He is doing things that are great, but this destruction of our civility to one another...is out of control."
Cohen: Watching what happened to my life should dissuade people from acting like me.
Cohen says he is guilty of contributing to Trump's damage to the country, just as these Republicans are doing now. Like they're doing now, he says, "I protected Mr. Trump for 10 years."
Republican Rep. Paul Gosar says Cohen is a "pathological person" who "doesn't know fact from fiction." He says he has concluded of Cohen, "He's got a problem."
Republican after Republican, in support of Donald Trump, is arguing that being a proven liar in the past means nothing you say now can be believed.
Jim Jordan, shouting again, expresses incredulity at Cohen's claim that Lanny Davis isn't getting paid right now and won't for years. Cohen: "I guess he thinks it's important."
Cohen responds to Republican attacks on his credibility, saying, "You don't have to take my word for it. I don't want you to. I want you to look at the documents." (There are documents in support of some but not all of his allegations.)
Cohen says Trump repeatedly asked him during the campaign about the status of the proposed Russia project. Cohen says he would report back to Trump after every "communication" on the proposed deal.
Democratic Rep. Stephen Lynch, shouting, says it is Republicans who had the partisan agenda, by refusing to bring any Trump associate who pleaded guilty before the committee. He says, "Your side ran away from the truth, and we're trying to bring it to the American people."
Jody Hice asks if Cohen cooperated "with the Democrat Party" for this hearing.
Republican Rep. Jody Hice to Cohen: "If you lied, you are a liar, by definition."
Cohen also alleges that Trump submitted false financial information to Deutsche Bank to try to get money for his attempt to buy the Buffalo Bills.
Cohen says Trump used inaccurate financial information to secure lower premiums from insurance companies.
Cohen is describing how Trump allegedly directed him to make Forbes magazine think he was more wealthy than he was, for the purpose of the Forbes list of rich people. He would inflate Trump's assets and revenues. "It was based upon he wanted to value the asset at."
Meadows is confronting Cohen about the money he has taken from pharma company Novartis and BTA Bank of Kazakhstan.
Lynne Patton has gone from planning Eric Trump's wedding, among other duties, to a senior federal housing job. Her very political social media presence is highly unusual for an official in her position. https://t.co/lYs4kls02A
Meadows asks Cohen for proof of Trump's racism. Cohen asks him to ask Patton how many Black executives Trump has. "The answer is zero," he says.
Republican Rep. Mark Meadows has brought Housing and Urban Development official Lynne Patton, a Black woman who used to work for the Trumps, to stand behind him. He tells Cohen he has never heard Trump make a racist comment.
Cohen: Trump told us to just pay the fee to Daniels; "he directed us to go back to Mr. Weisselberg's office and figure this all out."
Cohen: The $130,000 figure was not negotiated; it was told to him, by Daniels's former lawyer Keith Davidson, that that was the amount Daniels wanted.
Republican Kentucky Rep. James Comer: You called Trump "a cheat. What would you call yourself?" Cohen: "A fool."
The pattern so far: Democrats are asking questions to try to get Cohen to reveal information about Trump's behaviour; Republicans are asking questions that emphasize Cohen's own crimes and lies.
Cohen says Trump was practicing "catch and kill" with AMI's David Pecker to bury bad stories long before Cohen joined Trump in 2007.
Cohen is describing AMI/National Enquirer's "catch and kill" procedure, in which the subject of a possible bad story would purchase the rights to the story to prevent it from being published. "I was involved in several of these catch and kill episodes," he says.
Cohen seemed to say that his threat to the Daily Beast reporter, which Jim Jordan raised earlier as an example as Cohen being a bad guy, was made with Trump's approval.
Asked by Dem Rep. Carolyn Maloney whether Trump controlled everything at his company, Cohen says, "There was nothing that happened at the Trump Organization...that did not go through Mr. Trump with his approval and sign-off."
Green asks Cohen what his future source of income will be. Cohen: "I don't expect I'm going to have a source of income when I'm in federal penitentiary." Green asks who paid Cohen's expenses to be at the hearing today. Cohen says himself.
Republican Rep. Mark Green calls Cohen a "fake witness." He says, "With all of the lies and deception, the self-serving fraud, it begs the question: what is the majority party doing here?"
"If the Democrats were after the truth, they'd have an honest person here testifying," says Republican Rep. Mark Green.
Cohen eventually says that Trump is, "yes," capable of collusion, but he basically says he doesn't know exactly what happened.
https://t.co/LEXRK67LIw
Wasserman Schultz asks Cohen if, based on his knowledge of Trump, Trump might be willing to cooperate with Russia, if he's capable of that. Cohen says this gets into speculation; he does add that Trump is "all about winning."
Dem Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz is asking Cohen about the WikiLeaks email dump. Cohen is sticking to his prepared testimony. He says Trump did have some advance knowledge of the email dump, but he won't implicate Trump children, won't say Trump directed Roger Stone.
Jordan says Cohen is behaving "just like everyone else" around Trump who's been fired or didn't get the job they wanted, like James Comey. Cohen denies this, saying he got "exactly what he wanted" - to be Trump's personal lawyer.
Jordan points out that Cohen worked for Trump, a man he now calls a racist lying conman etc., for "10 years." Jordan points out he never got a White House job. He suggests that's what is motivating Cohen's turn - that he didn't "get brought to the dance."
Cohen issues his first denial, saying he did not actually set up the Twitter account that called Cohen "sexy" and such. "We were having fun during a stressful time," he says. He adds, "I'm not sure how that helped me, sir."
Jordan is making a case that Cohen has committed a bunch of crimes for himself, not just out of blind loyalty to Trump. Cohen is repeatedly acknowledging the crimes Jordan is listing were "not" only to protect Trump.
Republican Jim Jordan begins by reading Cohen's detailed threat to ruin Daily Beast reporter @timkmak, which is outlined here: https://t.co/wnSeKHYrg6
Cohen says Weisselberg would "for sure" have more information about the discussions about the Stormy Daniels payment. He says Don Jr. would have "cursory" information about it.
At Cummings's request, Cohen is outlining what happened with the Stormy Daniels payment. He said that the decision to make the payment was repeatedly discussed with Trump in advance. He says Trump Org CFO Allen Weisselberg was in the room when the decision was made.
Cohen has concluded his prepared testimony. He will now be questioned by committee members. Dem Cummings begins by asking if he recognizes the "gravity" of his criminal lying. He responds that he has lost his law license over it. "I most certainly do."
@RSameryRealtor @ChanteclerTO @RahRahRaina Hi Robert, that is false. Ford apologized for - and admitted he made up - the entire claim about peering over the fence, being near the fence, being in his backyard, lurking, or leering. Literally his whole story. Here is the document for your reference. https://t.co/zvoHaDdIa5 https://t.co/rteMVMdHgJ
Here's Trump's public schedule for tomorrow at the summit, which starts today Washington time. It includes more than three hours with Kim, including 45 minutes solo; a signing ceremony with Kim, details to be determined; and a solo press conference. https://t.co/yLQlj189xF
One thing I should add: Cohen says Trump's lawyers not only reviewed but "edited" his false statement to Congress about the Moscow Trump Tower discussions.
I'll return to live-tweeting when Cohen finishes reading the prepared testimony.
Cohen is now testifying. His prepared testimony is here: https://t.co/ljnvNevdgU. Summary thread here: https://t.co/EUx1siQyZ3
Jordan then brings in Democratic billionaire Tom Steyer, suggesting that he's behind this hearing, and the Christopher Steele dossier. He's basically arguing that the hearing is a nefarious Clintonworld-Steyer operation.
Jordan claims that this hearing was orchestrated by Lanny Davis, the longtime Clinton associate. He says Cohen can't be trusted, has a longtime history of crime and deception, but "the Democrats don't care."
Rep. Jim Jordan, the Republican ranking member: "The first announced witness for the 116th Congress is a guy who is going to prison in two months for lying to Congress."
Cummings: I've made it "abundantly clear" to Cohen that if he doesn't tell the truth today, I'm going to be the first one to refer his lies to the Department of Justice. So it's not true he has nothing to lose, because he has "a lot to lose if he lies."
Cummings also notes that Cohen has provided documents to corroborate some of his statements. https://t.co/2bULRmbV3v
Cummings: People will ask why we should believe Cohen now if he was lying then, and it's "a legitimate question." He says "we are in search of the truth"; Trump has made his own statements; the American people have the right to hear "the other side" and "make their own judgment."
The committee has voted against postponing the hearing. "You've made it clear you do not want the American people to hear what Mr. Cohen has to say. But the American people have a right to hear him," Democratic chairman Elijah Cummings says to the pro-postponement Republicans.
Republican Rep. Jim Jordan then interjects to complain that CNN (supposedly) had Cohen's testimony before he did.
Meadows, shouting, says Cohen submitting his testimony last night was an "intentional" move to show his "disdain" for the committee.
The Cohen hearing has begun. Republican Rep. Mark Meadows immediately raises a point of order to complain that Cohen's testimony was not submitted 24 hours in advance. He moves to postpone the hearing.
@lambashed ? the official transcript is accurate.
RT @jhseher: Roger Stone tells @SaraMurray:		“Mr. Cohen’s statement is not true.”
Here's the official transcript of Trump's remarks today to Kim Jong Un: https://t.co/J3Ccsarlg6
In 2013, when Trump was bragging about how much his portrait went for at auction, a now-80-year-old, @DollyGHughes, tweeted what Cohen is testifying today: https://t.co/DIYnFCm7aW
RT @Fahrenthold: Here’s Trump’s tweet from 2013 about the portrait Michael Cohen will testify about today. https://t.co/D8RJiKwqSb
RT @RamCNN: Thousands of immigrant children were sexually abused in custody, HHS documents say	https://t.co/ZI9AkDHdqk
RT @sahilkapur: NEW: @RepJayapal and 100+ House Democrats are about to introduce "Medicare for all" legislation to transition to a single p…
RT @EliStokols: To the still photographers’ credit, they refused to shoot the dinner if no reporters were allowed in, which was the initial…
RT @EliStokols: While the WH punished reporters for asking Trump questions, Trump reveled in the attention of the print photographers allow…
Again, Trump is being dishonest about Blumenthal's own dishonesty. Blumenthal falsely claimed he served in Vietnam though he served in the Marine Reserve stateside. He never told "war stories of his heroism in Vietnam," just said he was there. https://t.co/T4GscOhXU9
Cohen says he doesn't have any direct evidence of Trump or campaign collusion. He says he suspects that he witnessed an exchange in which Donald Trump Jr. told his dad about the Trump Tower meeting being set up. https://t.co/IKxS4Wwu2w
Cohen: While demanding that Obama's college grades be released, Trump "directed me to threaten his high school, his colleges, and the College Board to never release his grades or SAT scores." https://t.co/AuxchvyA2W
Cohen on the hush money payments: "Mr. Trump directed me to use my own personal funds from a Home Equity Line of Credit to avoid any money being traced back to him that could negatively impact his campaign." https://t.co/caDaka2lnP
Context in this thread from @Fahrenthold: https://t.co/W0SdTldR4T
Just for @Fahrenthold, Cohen says that Trump got him to find a "straw bidder" for a portrait of Trump at a charity auction, to make sure it went for the highest amount, and then Trump reimbursed the bidder with Trump Foundation money, and then Trump kept the portrait. https://t.co/WP0SEyApa0
Cohen says Trump "deflated his assets to reduce his real estate taxes." https://t.co/YhXrYPV5Pz
Cohen says "Mr. Trump is a racist," and worse in private. "While we were once driving through a struggling neighborhood in Chicago, he commented that only black people could live that way. He told me that black people would never vote for him because they were too stupid." https://t.co/Z08CHaCa9Z
Cohen says Roger Stone in July 2016 told Trump that WikiLeaks was going to release emails that would damage Clinton's campaign in "a couple of days." He says, "Mr. Trump responded by stating to the effect of 'wouldn’t that be great.'" https://t.co/GCfX0hWq4i
Cohen will testify "Mr. Trump did not directly tell me to lie to Congress" about the Moscow  proposal. He says Trump was effectively telling him to lie, "in his way," by lying to him and lying to Americans. He says Trump's lawyers reviewed his false statement to Congress. https://t.co/v4luv1ijwe
RT @jdawsey1: Trump, asked by @JonLemire at Trump-KJU dinner if he had any reaction to Cohen testimony, shook his head no.
RT @motokorich: "I think that your country has tremendous economic potential, unbelievable, unlimited” Trump to Kim
RT @motokorich: No discernible progress on complete, verifiable, irreversible denuclearization. Trump says "We made a lot of progress and I…
@dhackett1565 Agreeee. Whenever they help (Danny did once in the first half) I get so irritated
RT @sahilkapur: NEWS: House votes 245-182 to pass a resolution terminating Trump’s emergency declaration to build a wall.		Democrats unanim…
Since you’re all so excited about the summit, my story on Trump moving from grandiose declarations to incremental goals on North Korea - and why some experts are pleased with the shift: https://t.co/53DIs90Hra
I thought Cohen was gonna win like 80-20... https://t.co/QYj1STfiTn
Are you more interested in
RT @sppeoples: But Biden says he's not yet convinced he has a path to the nomination: "I don’t want this to be a fools errand... This alleg…
RT @mviser: Joe Biden says after several family meetings, "there’s a consensus I should – they…want me to run." He adds: "The first hurdle…
RT @JakeSherman: one of the president’s staunchest defenders on Capitol Hill, Florida Rep. Matt Gaetz.		Gaetz represents Florida’s 1st dist…
RT @JoeBrunoWSOC9: BREAKING: Mark Harris announces he will NOT run for #NC09 in the new election. Harris endorses Union County Commissioner…
Here's Trump's public schedule for the summit tomorrow in Vietnam, which starts today Eastern time. https://t.co/JsGnFYeOA1
RT @sabrod123: NEW: @USChamber, 200+ orgs are launching today a new coalition pushing for Congress to pass #USMCA. 		The coalition will mar…
RT @AsteadWesley: hmm let's check in on Virginia 		https://t.co/ybkGTldlpA https://t.co/sTKXAfAFrR
Here's Trump's public schedule for today. "RON" means the location where he will "Remain Overnight." (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/vj6Bvj5pPf
RT @TimOBrien: 6/ Cohen “also is expected to provide more detail about his lies to Congress and address in some capacity a BuzzFeed News re…
RT @ByronTau: Michael Cohen under oath in front of Congress tomorrow will accuse Trump of criminal conduct while in office, according to a…
@Anthonysmdoyle Man, -50.
RT @julito77: .@DCoronell confirmed that he has now spoken with @jorgeramosnews. Ramos and his crew were free to go, but Coronell also said…
RT @brianstelter: UPDATE: Univision president @DCoronell just tweeted in Spanish that "Jorge Ramos and his team have been released and are…
RT @brianstelter: I just spoke with Univision's @jczamora. He said Maduro "stopped the interview" with @JorgeRamosNews this evening. "Jorge…
RT @DCoronell: Attention: A @Univision team, headed by @jorgeramosnews, is being arbitrarily detained at the Miraflores Palace in Caracas.…
RT @MPhillipsWSJ: The US war in Afghanistan has been going on for so long that the newest troops weren't alive when it started. Meet Marine…
RT @JamesArkin: Tillis writes op-ed laying out his support for resolution overturning Trump’s emergency declaration  https://t.co/jNSRjN9InK
RT @mkraju: Tillis announces he’ll vote to block Trump emergency declaration, meaning the resolution is moving closer to getting the 51 vot…
Trump on Canada today:	- "They’re tough"	- Auto tariff threat forced them into concessions (maybe)	- Canada used to be "closed" to US farm exports (very false)	- New deal addresses Canada's high dairy tariffs (more market access, but tariffs are unchanged)	https://t.co/SMWil0NdbY
@Anthonysmdoyle How do average people deal with it?
Very nice little story from @ccadelago: https://t.co/Zm3PBcTR0L
RT @meridithmcgraw: American oil worker Danny Burch, originally from East Texas, was abducted in 2017 in broad daylight. He had been workin…
@beemarty It means like "Boom! Immediately done."
Here is the transcript of Trump's story today about China, Xi Jinping and LaVar Ball. https://t.co/CX3Mr4ULFh
Trump told governors today that Xi Jinping's aides are "central casting - glasses, pad." This is what he did upon saying "glasses." https://t.co/Mry8m7qomD
Update: Trump, making up a bunch of things about human trafficking, said today that human traffickers "hang a left and hang another left." https://t.co/1Fxu5fbaYf
Trump baselessly suggested this morning that the governments of El Salvador, Honduras and Guatemala are pushing their "rough hombres," criminals, to migrate to the US in caravans: "They're not sending us their finest. It doesn't make sense. Why would they send their finest?"
RT @aseitzwald: Important clarification to Elizabeth Warren’s pledge to avoid high-dollar fundraisers: Applies only to primary.		Would be m…
Trump claimed this morning that a wall would save taxpayers lots of money, because of "not having to pay so much of the Border Patrol. The Border Patrol could do it other locations and other places." ?
Trump said he thinks his North American trade deal will be approved by the Democratic House: "I know how much they hate me. But they have to hate me even more not to get this deal approved."
Trump said again he had to use auto-tariff threats to get Canada to a deal: "...Who was very tough to negotiate. You know, we think of O Canada. Well, O Canada's tough. They're tough. And I said look, you're either gonna do this or we're gonna put 20, 25% tariffs on your cars."
Canada has a highly protected dairy market, which has been a Trump fixation, but it's atypical. Under NAFTA, which US farmers largely like a lot, agricultural trade between the US and Canada is very free.
Trump was wildly inaccurate about Canada this morning, saying, "We're opening Canada, as an example, and Mexico, to farmers. They were closed. It was a closed shop." According to Trump's own government, Canada is the #1 market for US farm exports. Mexico is #3. https://t.co/kPD7Jv9IYB
Trump said in 2017 that a foreign leader said their country would build five US auto plants. He said in 2018 that Abe agreed to have "all" Japanese auto companies build in the US. He said this morning that Abe says "it could be 7 different plants in a very short period of time."
Government statistics show that 90% of heroin seizures at the southern border come at ports of entry. Trump to governors this morning: "90% of the drugs don’t come through the port of entry. 90% of the drugs and the big stuff goes out to the desert."
He is saying that U.S. trials of drug dealers last so long, "19 years," that the old judge dies at the end of it, actually almost "everybody" involved in the trial dies, except for the drug dealer on trial, who is presumably a younger person. https://t.co/eKqpm2EgwH
Trump falsely told governors China doesn't have a drug problem. He compared China's death penalty to this imaginary US court system:		"They don’t have trials that last 19 years. At the end of it the judge dies, everybody dies, the only one living is the one that did the damage."
@BruceOnPurpose Blocking you for spreading false information. Goodbye
Trump told a wild lie on Friday about voter fraud, baselessly saying there was "just a case where they found a million fraudulent votes" in California. When the reporter interjected to say he was wrong, he talked over her by saying, "Excuse me. Excuse me." https://t.co/Y79HOk1S6h
@idilmussa I mean that reasonable people can sometimes disagree on whether certain remarks were racist or not...but that this isn't a case where there's any question.
The president, in a speech to the country's governors, is complaining unprompted about LaVar Ball, 15 months later. https://t.co/KY30MErnxK
This is a pool report from Trump's remarks to governors this morning. https://t.co/HsOOUIcl6e
@jessewente Agree the defining lies with those targeted! But sometimes even reasonable members of groups disagree on particular cases. Just saying that headline writers can't always confidently declare "FALSE!" if someone claims something is racist, but that this claim is clearly false.
@jessewente With that clause, I just meant to say that there are cases where reasonable people can disagree on whether something was racist or not.
RT @BostonGlobe: Senator Elizabeth Warren announces she's rejecting the high-dollar fund-raisers that help power both Democratic and Republ…
@TravisVarga It's really not that complicated. The fact that something isn't black or white doesn't mean that something orange can reasonably be described as black or white
RT @bethreinhard: Two alleged witnesses--Pam Bondi, then FL AG, and Karen Giorno, Trump campaign chief in FL, also dispute Johnson’s accoun…
What is racist and non-racist is subjective, but there was nothing remotely racist in Lee's speech. We really aren't obligated to quote Trump without context when he says nonsensical things about people. https://t.co/AsHfu0yaWx
RT @bethreinhard: Trump campaign staffer says he gave her unwanted kiss on her mouth before Florida rally in 2016. “I can still see his lip…
RT @jdawsey1: NEW: Trump has disliked that his own government’s climate reports contradict his global warming skepticism. So the White Hous…
RT @peterbakernyt: Trump claims that Harry Reid "led through lies and deception" while saying falsely that Reid "got thrown out." Reid was…
Here’s Trump’s public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don’t include all of a president’s activities.) https://t.co/N8FY94ZHCG
@ekoreen He’s been putting out these bench units with only one creator all year, and it keeps being bad.
@JLew1050 Omg
@ian_m_brewster Yeah maybe should up it
@richarddeitsch Great game. Nice to have to choose between him and Green down the stretch tonight
@Chazx596 It’s weird how they’ve had like a decade of inbounds issues
That was awesome and weird and poetic and I feel 33% sad for DeMar
@bruce_arthur I did not stand for that reason. Can’t be handing out standing ovations willy-nilly
First DeMar standing ovation: 16 minutes before starting lineups #wethecute
Trump applauded Montana Rep. Greg Gianforte for criminal violence against a journalist. He literally clapped. https://t.co/Uux0IB544O
@ekoreen Great list. I’m still impressed Deron Williams made the second free throw.
For those wondering: Trump didn’t phrase the tweet as if it was itself an order. He said “I have ordered FEMA,” not “I am hereby ordering FEMA” or some such thing. https://t.co/l4huvNlXhp
Trump tweeted that he had ordered FEMA to stop giving aid to California disaster victims unless the state changed its forest practices. After a freedom of information request turned up no records, FEMA acknowledged today that it never got any order. https://t.co/hKNgNmhTDC
RT @AJGuglielmi: Felony criminal charges have been approved by @CookCountySAO against Jussie Smollett for Disorderly Conduct / Filing a Fal…
RT @mattzap: Cohen’s public testimony before House Oversight has been rescheduled for February 27, committee says. https://t.co/mXpfQhviEj
Here’s Trump’s public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don’t include all of a president’s activities.) https://t.co/HClAuAKp96
RT @Evan_Rosenfeld: NEW: White nationalist Coast Guard lieutenant has been arrested after fed investigators uncovered a cache of weapons &amp;…
RT @EliStokols: Trump has no idea about his administration’s push to decriminalize homosexuality around the world, per WH transcript from t…
Here’s Trump’s public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don’t include all of a president’s activities.) https://t.co/6rB5IJgwGV
Confirmed: I’m in Canada https://t.co/7upp2OgrD9
RT @mel_bough: John Harris says he told his dad in April 2017 that he believed Dowless was collecting ballots, which was a felony and he fo…
RT @AmyEGardner: NC elex officials just produced an email from Mark Harris to his son in 2016 joking about the fact that McCrae Dowless had…
RT @srl: In remarkable testimony, the son of a Republican candidate is describing how he raised red flags about a consultant under scrutiny…
RT @axios: .@maggieNYT on Trump's claim that reporters don't reach out to the White House for comment: "That's a lie...We went through a de…
Seventy-four false claims last week. Thirty-six on Monday alone. Twenty-seven in that Texas rally speech. Elite feat: he got corrected in a 24-hour span by both the government of South Korea and the El Paso Fire Department. https://t.co/F5eq2uhG11
@Heathfeath45 I don’t think he has.
@EricColumbus It’s not important at all, but I’d separate those from this one - in those, he criticized the NYT and then said more generally that fake news is the enemy. In this one, he directly said the NYT was the enemy.
Here’s the other time Trump identified specific outlets as enemies of the people. This was the first time he singled out one alone. https://t.co/PnMkWNvckI
Is this the first time Trump has singled out a specific media outlet as an “enemy of the people,” rather than “fake news” generally? It is bad. https://t.co/ZCm8zAIkMM
@racquets100 He is a Trudeau appointee.
Canada's US ambassador says he thinks the new NAFTA will be passed by Congress before end of summer, though it's hard to predict. He says when it comes time to vote, Democrats will know it's substantially better on their key issues than original NAFTA. https://t.co/o0I1osCVTu
RT @Alex_Panetta: Funny: Ambassador MacNaughton on inviting Rex Tillerson, HR McMaster and Jim Mattis for dinner. All out of jobs now. He j…
Underrated part of Trump's El Paso rally last week. https://t.co/RzP8mCaz12
Here's Trump's public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/1X5tlURYc2
Trump did at least five campaign speeches in Virginia during the 2016 general election, including a rally two days before the election. Here is what he said to Laura Ingraham on Fox last week. https://t.co/Y3Tkowxns0
RT @nytpolitics: Clarence Thomas called for the Supreme Court to reconsider New York Times v. Sullivan, the landmark First Amendment ruling…
RT @gdebenedetti: This is interesting. Leahy endorsed Clinton in 2016, and Sanders only had one Senate backer: Jeff Merkley, who's now cons…
RT @maggieNYT: As often happens, White House was fully briefed on story’s reportage and did not choose to say anything ahead of publication…
Per pool, the White House says the following people will attend the Space Force event. https://t.co/H6pF7UKHEO
At his Oval Office event this hour, Trump is signing a directive outlining "the presidential policy framework for establishing the United States Space Force."
@manytreadles I'll coincidentally be off for a few days in Canada, so no!
While in Washington, Doug Ford will also do a panel discussion moderated by Politico Pro Canada and a roundtable discussion with U.S. business leaders at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, per his office.
Ontario Premier Doug Ford will be in Washington Thursday to Saturday for the U.S. National Governors Association meeting, which provincial leaders often attend. Ford will also speak at a Canadian American Business Council event on the USMCA ratification process.
RT @nytmike: NEW: Trump raised with acting AG Whitaker the idea of getting the U.S. attorney in New York to "unrecuse" himself from Cohen i…
RT @nytimes: The New York Times uncovered new details in President Trump’s 2-year campaign of pressure and intimidation against the investi…
RT @AaronBlake: Trump administration launches global effort to end criminalization of homosexuality (via @JoshNBCNews)		https://t.co/rC1C2X…
RT @DJJudd: And here's video of the woman "just trying to get some ranch," while Senator Kirsten Gillibrand speaks to supporters in Iowa Ci…
After ignoring fact-checkers for most of his tenure, this is the third time in the last nine days Trump has criticized them directly. https://t.co/OjSSmkeX0s
RT @BenjySarlin: @KamalaHarris Harris: "Wars are being fought over oil, in a short time they will be fought over water."
RT @BenjySarlin: At Politics and Eggs in NH, @KamalaHarris says people who've succeeded "should not be vilified."		But goes on to say “the…
RT @chrisgeidner: NEWS: Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg Is Back At The Supreme Court https://t.co/Ey129Ck71F
RT @rebeccaballhaus: Pence proposed redirecting $55m out of $75m earmarked for a UN program restoring basic services in cities freed from I…
@FeelingAmused The November data is released in February.
Trump boasted last week: "The trade deficit really went down very big this last month, and people are saying, 'Whoa.' I told you so. That's what I do."		It did fall in November, we just learned...after rising for five straight months and hitting a 10-year high in October.
@scottdbowers I think his statement is correct enough because appeals from that court go to the 9th Circuit.
Sixteen states filed this suit, not “16 cities.” The Democrats do not endorse open borders. https://t.co/CIpIFmiFI5
RT @JStein_WaPo: Sanders' 2020 agenda, per aides:	- Medicare 4 All	- Green New Deal/climate	- $15 min wage	- Criminal justice reform	- Free…
RT @BernieSanders: I'm running for president. I am asking you to join me today as part of an unprecedented and historic grassroots campaign…
RT @aritbenie: Bernie’s running. 		"I wanted to let the people of the state of Vermont know about this first," Sanders told VPR's Bob Kinze…
RT @sahilkapur: Amy Klobuchar, at CNN town hall, says she’s “long been focused on” lowering the debt, “and I’m very dismayed by what this a…
RT @GideonResnick: Klobuchar asked about endorsing free college for all from a recent graduate.	She says she wants to make it easier to ref…
RT @GideonResnick: "Have I pushed people too hard? Yes but I have kept expectations for myself that are very high," Klobuchar says when ask…
RT @GideonResnick: Klobuchar is asked point blank "why can't we have Medicare for All....what makes us the exception?"	She responds: "What…
RT @CNN: Democratic Sen. Amy Klobuchar on if the US can have "Medicare-for-all": "It could be a possibility in the future. I'm just looking…
RT @sahilkapur: Elizabeth Warren is about to unveil a universal child care plan...		• It’s free for families &lt;200% of the poverty line		• F…
Here’s Trump’s public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don’t include all of a president’s activities.) https://t.co/Vei1PQ2Te4
@NPHNicholas No, that’s not new.
Trump is currently at his Florida golf course for the third consecutive morning. Here's his public schedule for today. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/WY4SyY5yi5
RT @jdawsey1: This is some great investigative reporting. How the Georgia speaker of the House pockets big bucks to delay cases for alleged…
Here's the transcript of Trump's Monday remarks about dogs. https://t.co/776Tqsxh2M
Going on MSNBC with @charlie_savage
A question and answer from last week, with a bonus Sir. (Note as always: the wall was not under construction.) https://t.co/eKAI2bBA4C
The president calls for "retribution" against a comedy show that makes fun of him. https://t.co/rK48lhQTxd
Japan's government has refused to comment on Trump's claim that Shinzo Abe nominated him for a Nobel Prize. A major Japanese newspaper, citing unnamed government sources, says Abe did it because the U.S. government "informally" asked him to. https://t.co/IGgcUSrbBG
Trump semi-admitted to @maggieNYT that he doesn't have record approval with Republicans...then immediately resumed claiming that he does while also semi-acknowledging he doesn't. https://t.co/zEVwt4BVH5
1) Trump is not at 52% anymore even in outlier Rasmussen. He’s been back to 50% there every day since Monday. 2) He’s not at 93% with Republicans. Consistently in the high 80s. 3) Even 93% with Republicans wouldn’t be a record. Bush was in the high 90s for months after 9/11. https://t.co/0hgpymrhKG
RT @JenniferJJacobs: NEWS: Heather Nauert's nomination began to falter after the White House was alerted that a problem had cropped up in h…
RT @sahilkapur: Heather Nauert withdraws as Donald Trump’s nominee for US ambassador to the UN.		https://t.co/4Nux2mXipd
RT @eschor: Interesting to hear Booker campaign in NH on his work to craft a criminal justice overhaul deal that Trump also supported. The…
It's been 32 hours since Trump said the eradication of ISIS's caliphate "will be announced over the next 24 hours."
A wall is "very important for the military because of the drugs that pour in," Trump said in his emergency-announcing speech. He also said "some of the generals think that this is more important" than what they'd otherwise spend the money on. https://t.co/vnj5GgBHO7
Trump is having a meeting at his Mar-a-Lago club on the trade talks with China, Sarah Sanders tells the pool reporter. She says Lighthizer, Ross, Mulvaney and Navarro will be at Mar-a-Lago, with Mnuchin, Kudlow and others on by phone.
RT @ericbradner: .@amyklobuchar during a riff on prescription drug prices: “The last time I checked, we can see Canada from our porch.”
RT @mollyhc: An audience Q for Harris that gets tons of applause: “Most Democrats are looking for a candidate that can win, rather than ide…
https://t.co/FRPrd96vyZ
@Eric__Smith I’ve decided I’m encouraged by this quote
RT @JamesFallows: 1/2 I was in transit and didn’t see this “speech.” @TheAtlantic has done something valuable in printing the whole thing,…
RT @desiderioDC: NEW: House Democrats are taking their first real steps to get their hands on documents (including translators’ notes) deta…
RT @nikobowie: The fact that we’re in year 40 of the Iran hostage “national emergency” suggests there’s something wrong with the National E…
"Capitol Police officers physically shoved reporters away from senators heading to vote on the spending package, even when lawmakers were willingly engaging with the press." https://t.co/C92tNs4VZy
RT @davidminpdx: After a botched drug raid in Houston – with multiple officers shot, husband and wife dead, no heroin found –  no one can s…
@GreatDismal Thank you so much, William.
RT @peterbakernyt: Public Citizen files suit to stop Trump emergency declaration on behalf of three landowners in South Texas who were told…
RT @KenDilanianNBC: Here’s more: https://t.co/yLeAUubYrE
RT @TorontoStar: A gunman opened fire at a manufacturing plant in suburban Chicago on Friday, killing five people and wounding five police…
RT @KenDilanianNBC: New: Judge notes Manafort made “multiple clusters of false or misleading or incomplete or needed-to-be-prodded-by-couns…
Here's Trump's public schedule for the weekend. He'll be at his Mar-a-Lago club in Florida. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/VJ0sTrP1Ug
@EmmRocks Yep.
"One word seemed to spark a thought and off he would go chasing it, like a dog catching the scent of a truffle and wandering off into a forest in search of it." https://t.co/mPM53q8zRF
RT @AsteadWesley: Sen. Harris asked here in South Carolina about police brutality:		She says her administration would:		-- revive consent d…
https://t.co/f74q0o3k2e https://t.co/AUN6AzEX45
Well, that was odd. My story on Trump ramblying through a national emergency declaration in which he undermined his case that this is an emergency: https://t.co/oTlGVFXpJp
RT @brhodes: We were not on the brink of war with North Korea in 2016. Highlighting the  longstanding and widely known threat of North Kore…
@combienDUtemps Not that I know of...
Today was the 25th time Trump made a version of this claim about Obama supposedly being close to war with North Korea. He sometimes frames it as merely his opinion about what Obama would do, not something Obama told him, but usually reverts to the more dramatic version.
I asked Obama’s office about this claim. They wouldn’t comment themselves but referred me to former Obama security aide @nedprice, who told me it was ridiculous, at odds with everything Obama has always believed and done about North Korea. https://t.co/EuaCcT7uIY
My tweet history for "Trump accent" is quite a journey. https://t.co/GToX64gClY
@Mike_Hixenbaugh He was talking about this: https://t.co/MBUVKZzAHH. I'm not sure how many miles away it was precisely, but pretty sure it was more than 1.
https://t.co/87I6AjxSzG
One thing many articles and TV segments rarely convey, in my view, is how deeply bizarre some Trump appearances are. Lots of people will just hear a short clip of him saying he's calling an emergency because there's an invasion. https://t.co/ylz8QZFHy7
RT @margbrennan: Contradicting his own USTR negotiator, @realDonaldTrump says "there is a possibility that I will extend the date" of the C…
What happened here: Obama did tell Trump something to the effect of North Korea being the biggest or most difficult world problem. Trump initially recounted that...then started claiming, extremely dubiously, that Obama also said he was close to a war. https://t.co/rGHkeaFyHT
I'm cautious with assigning intent to Trump, but I'm confident he deliberately adopted that "Asian English" grammar this time because he has also done so in the past when "quoting" Japanese and Chinese officials. https://t.co/KNDKkxKfoF
Trump usually claims Japan is grateful that he stopped rockets from flying over its territory. This time he made it "rocket ships."
That is over.
Trump is recounting his previous threats to North Korea, like "annihilation" and "fire and fury," and notes how that's all gone away now, says nobody else could've accomplished what he has in calming Kim's behaviour. He adds, "I like him a lot, and he likes me a lot."
Trump again talking about Abe nominating him for a Nobel: "Most beautiful five-page letter. Nobel Prize. He sent it to them."
Trump says that Abe of Japan nominated him for a Nobel Peace Prize, giving him "the most beautiful copy of a letter" he sent to the Nobel committee. (Not sure about this.) He complains that although many other people think he should get it, he probably won't.
Trump notes Obama told him North Korea was biggest world problem. He says, "I believe he would have gone to war with North Korea...he told me he was...close to starting a big war with North Korea." There is zero evidence this is true; people around Obama have told me zero chance.
Trump again falsely says a deal with China would be "the biggest deal ever made." They're not talking about a comprehensive trade agreement, but even if they were, TPP covered more than twice as much trade, about $1.5 trillion.
Asked about the DEA saying drugs cross at ports of entry, and stats showing crossings are down, and where he gets his numbers, Trump says, "I get my numbers from a lot of sources, like Homeland Security, primary. And the numbers I have from Homeland Security are a disaster."
Asked to address critics who say he's manufacturing a crisis, Trump turns to the "angel moms" and says, "What do you think? You think I'm creating something? Ask these incredible women." He calls Jim Acosta "fake news" because he's with CNN, baselessly says his numbers are false.
Trump asked about how crossings from Mexico are at a very low level: "It's still massive numbers."
Trump is name-checking people he likes in media, such as Fox News's Carlson and Ingraham. He says he even got a good report the other day on MSNBC. He boasts that he was just at 52% in Rasmussen polling.
Trump asked about the influence of right-wing media: "They have somebody, Ann Coulter. I don't know her. I hardly know her. I haven't spoken to her in way over a year." He adds that if he spoke to her, she'd probably be very nice. "I like her."
Trump is telling his usual lie about the diversity visa lottery, falsely saying foreign governments put in their bad apples to dump them on the US: "I'm not going to put in my stars, I'm going to put in people I don't want." Individuals enter the lottery on their own.
Trump is telling his usual lie about chain migration and the "young wiseguy" who committed the terror attack on Manhattan's West Side Highway in 2017.
Trump is telling this story again. He changes it again, this time having the unnamed "senator" say, "I won 7 out of 7. I did lose a couple when I was younger." https://t.co/RCUUPGYiYs
RT @Fahrenthold: Here's our latest story on @realDonaldTrump's history of relying on undocumented labor at his own businesses. I don't thin…
Trump on the USMCA: "By the way...that's where the money's coming from - not directly, but indirectly - for the wall. Nobody wants to talk about that." That's because it's a lie; even if ratified, we don't know how it'll impact the US economy, and it won't pay for any initiative.
Trump on tariffs: "You're talking to the wrong person, because I happen to like  tariffs." He says the U.S. is taking in lots of money "from China"; the tariffs are paid by American importers of Chinese products, not China, though Chinese firms eat some of the cost.
These questions are all legit and important, but I personally would like Trump to be asked at some point today for the first time about all of the unauthorized immigrants his businesses have hired.
Asked about his criticism of Obama not going through Congress on immigration, and whether he failed, he says, "I went through Congress. I made a deal. I got $1.4 billion...but I'm not happy with it."
Trump, now addressing the precedent complaint, shrugs it off, saying that there have been "56" previous emergencies, and "that's creating precedent."
Trump asked about Republicans who worry about the precedent he'll set for future Dem presidents: "Not too many people have said that. But the courts will determine that." He doesn't directly address the precedent point; repeats that this is "an invasion."
Trump calling on a reporter: "ABC, not NBC. I like ABC a little bit more. Not much."
Trump says a wall is "very important for the military because of the drugs that pour in." No explanation.
Trump says he asked a couple generals what they'd use this money for if Trump didn't emergency-seize it for the wall. He says he can't say what they answered, but "didn't sound too important to me."
As he does often, Trump gives the first question to Fox News, which asks a legit question about taking away money from other military functions. Trump says "some of the generals think this is more important" than "what they were going to use it for."
Trump refers to MS-13 members as "gang monsters."
Trump says, of a possible legal challenge, that a national emergency is "probably the easiest one to win" in court, "because we're declaring it for virtual invasion purposes: drugs, traffickers, and gangs."
Trump is talking in a singsong list-making voice: "And we will possibly get a bad ruling...and we will end up in the Supreme Court..." He is saying that he will win on this in the Supreme Court as he did on the Muslim-focused travel ban.
Trump: "So the order is signed. And I'll signed the final papers as soon as I get into the Oval Office. And we will have a national emergency, and we will then be sued, and they will sue us in the 9th Circuit...and we will possibly get a bad ruling..."
"We're right now in construction with wall in some of the most important areas," Trump lies. There is no new wall under construction. Construction on a short stretch of levee wall in the Rio Grande Valley is close to starting.
Trump says he would have done this earlier, but "I was a little new to the job. A little new to the profession." And he blames other people who "didn't step up."		"We're stepping up now," he says.
Trump is simultaneously claiming that he has done an amazing job on border security but that there is a crisis on border security. He says that is because "we haven't been given the equipment. We haven't been given the walls."
Trump lies that more people are trying to illegally immigrate than "probably" ever before. Apprehensions on the southwest border are a quarter of what they were two decades ago. From https://t.co/YAFxOMPWKE: https://t.co/kVoB7WGz1R
Trump: "In a way, what I did by creating such a great economy, and if the opposing party got in, this economy would be down the tubes." He mocks people who say "the previous administration" had something to do with the good economy. He is rambling hard.
Trump on why he's declaring an emergency: "Invasion of drugs, invasion of gangs, invasion of people. And it's unacceptable."
Trump is now saying that China does not have a drug problem because it gives the death penalty to drug dealers. China has a drug problem. https://t.co/0GYPV8VC9D
Trump, adopting the grammar of a non-native English speaker, says, quoting Xi Jinping, "We give death penalty to people who sell drugs."
Trump reads the official statistic that 70,000 Americans were killed by drugs in 2017, "At least. I think that number is ridiculously low."
Trump asks another woman to stand up to show a picture of her husband, who he says was killed in Maryland by an illegal immigrant. "Incredible man. Just killed."
Trump on "angel moms" whose kids have been killed by illegal immigrants: "It's so sad." He says to someone he says is a "new" angel mom: "Stand up just for a second. Show how beautiful your girl is. Was."
Trump: "I'm going to be signing a national emergency. Annnd: it's been signed many times before...there's rarely been a problem. They sign it, nobody cares."		There has never been an emergency declaration to seize money for a controversial initiative Congress refused to fund.
Trump falsely claims Mexico has "almost 40,000 murders. 40,000." 		He initially tweeted the correct number, 33,341, then said "38,000," and now "40,000."
Trump is saying stuff.
"Three women with tape on their mouth."
Trump says that the fact El Paso supposedly only has 23 murders and there are 2000 murders "right on the other side of the wall" shows that walls work. There are some causation problems with this logic.
Trump on people who accurately note that most drugs come through ports of entry, not unwalled areas: "It's just a lie. It's all a lie." His own Drug Enforcement Administration says that.
Trump on securing the border: "Not because it was a campaign promise, which it is. It was one of many, by the way. Not the only one." He then boasts about how the stock market is "up tremendously" today. "We have all the records. We have every record." ?
Trump again touts North Korea as a great location for economic development, given its location near China and Russia and South Korea. "Right smack in the middle...phenomenal."
Trump: "I look forward to seeing Chairman Kim. We have also established a great relationship. Which has never happened, between him or his family and the United States."
Trump says he hopes that the second summit with Kim Jong Un has "the same good luck" as with the first one. He wants to be "equally as successful" this time.
Trump now says there'll be an announcement "in the next 24 hours" on the eradication of ISIS's so-called caliphate.
Trump is now talking about trade with the United Kingdom. A bit of an odd introduction to an announcement of a national emergency on immigration.
Trump is more correct than usual on the trade deficit with China, saying it's $375 billion (that's the goods-only deficit), then reverts to his eternal lie: "Lots of people think it's $506 billion. Some people think it's much more than that."
Trump begins in the Rose Garden by talking about the trade negotiations with China. "It's going extremely well. Who knows what that means," he says.
RT @toddgillman: "Angel moms" on hand for @realDonaldTrump emergency declaration to build #BorderWall showing photos of lost loved ones. ht…
RT @radleybalko: LRPD hired a cop despite knowing that he’d attended a Klan meeting. Then he killed a 15-y.o. black kid. 		Now a  federal a…
RT @GregStohr: NEW: Justice Ginsburg is at the Supreme Court today and will take part in the justices' private conference, court says.
Via @NateSilver538, poll results on a wall-related national emergency have been extremely consistent so far. https://t.co/eAoSXJYgFN https://t.co/bI2jMOQVjv
RT @JoshuaGreen: Truly unbelievable that THIS is the genesis of Trump's "national emergency" --&gt; 	(source: https://t.co/E2ohppsUhE) https:/…
RT @KThomasDC: WELD: "They say the president has captured the Republican party in Washington, as he himself might tweet, "Sad!" It's even s…
RT @postpolitics: Former Massachusetts governor Bill Weld says he will challenge President Trump for the Republican presidential nomination…
RT @jdawsey1: Stephen Miller, Russ Vought and others had AM call with surrogates to sell deal. Said quick construction would "shock" people…
RT @jdawsey1: McConnell announced the deal for Trump to sign the bill — and declare an emergency — quickly Thursday because he didn’t want…
Here’s Trump’s public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don’t include all of a president’s activities.) https://t.co/9t4LY7XBrN
RT @AaronBlake: McCarthy on Trump’s national emergency: “I support him in making this declaration.”
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Democrats’ refusal to negotiate has rendered Congress inept at doing its job to protect Americans. At this point POTUS…
RT @RandPaul: I, too, want stronger border security, including a wall in some areas. But how we do things matters. Over 1,000 pages dropped…
RT @SpeakerPelosi: .@realDonaldTrump couldn’t convince Mexico, the American people or their elected representatives to pay for his ineffect…
RT @SpeakerPelosi: It is yet another demonstration of @realDonaldTrump’s naked contempt for the rule of law. This is not an emergency, and…
RT @LauraLitvan: Senators eyeing 2020 Democratic presidential nod split their votes on border deal averting govt shutdown:		NO VOTES:	*Kirs…
RT @elainaplott: New: Schumer + Pelosi on potential nat’l emergency: “Declaring a national emergency would be a lawless act, a gross abuse…
An obvious but important point: an emergency declaration wouldn’t magically fund the wall. Trump would have to grab the money from some particular place. https://t.co/Pzia44ObZG
RT @daveweigel: Details on new Dem debate rules from @michaelscherer: You can make the stage either by polling above 1% or by having more t…
RT @Acosta: 👀 https://t.co/dmj5CpgoMf
RT @npfandos: .@SenatorCollins: “I don’t believe that the National Emergencies Act contemplated a president repurposing billions of $ outsi…
RT @npfandos: .@marcorubio, when informed that Trump will declare a national emergency: “That’s a bad idea.”
Perhaps coincidentally and perhaps not, "sign the deal and also declare a national emergency" was Sean Hannity's preferred option here. https://t.co/PZCqqFbl94
RT @SusanPage: Asked if she will file a legal challenge to President Trump’s expected declaration of a national emergency on the border: “I…
RT @AliceOllstein: .@SpeakerPelosi, invoking the 1-year anniversary of the Parkland school shooting: "You want to talk about a national eme…
RT @jdawsey1: Statement from Sarah Sanders: “President Trump will sign the government funding bill, and as he has stated before, he will al…
RT @ericawerner: WOW. After hours of limbo in Senate, McConnell suddenly appears on the floor -- interrupting Grassley, who snaps about it…
RT @scottwongDC: Republican leadership STILL doesn't know if Trump will sign the border deal and avert shutdown https://t.co/rBu34nmev6
RT @politico: The Senate confirmed William Barr to be the next attorney general of the United States in an 54-45 vote. https://t.co/CGJD0qp…
RT @markknoller: Three Democrats joined all but two Republicans in voting for Barr confirmation:	-  Jones, D-AL	-  Manchin, D-WV	-  Sinema,…
RT @ColbyItkowitz: !! In Trump’s early statement about Parkland shooting he mentioned lives lost to “gun violence.” Hours later he changed…
RT @dchangnyt: BREAKING: Amazon is out of New York. exclusive via @jdavidgoodman https://t.co/kmZVarpP3l
RT @kaitlancollins: While taking questions in Warsaw, Pence says he's spoken w/ Trump about the border deal. Pence says it's clear Trump is…
@HelenKennedy @GlennThrush Just to be clear, I don't think the vegetation clearing involves the soldiers. That's what is being done by contractors for the Rio Grande Valley barrier project.
RT @emrwilkins: A group of teenage reporters have written obituaries for every child who died since Parkland due to gun violence.		There ar…
I got sent the same press release when I contacted CBP this week, then asked follow-up questions about what is actually happening now, to which they explained that only “vegetation clearing” is currently taking place.
This article is laughably terrible. The writer says he contacted the Border Patrol, got sent a November press release about how new wall is going to be built soon...and therefore “Trump was telling the truth” that it’s already being built. https://t.co/AzUKACugMa https://t.co/Ay4GvDTmRn
RT @Phil_Mattingly: And now official what aides have been saying was likely: 	Senate will vote first tomorrow on the border security/spendi…
Here’s Trump’s public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don’t include all of a president’s activities.) https://t.co/VClDz13qFG
RT @kenvogel: JUST IN: Judge finds that MANAFORT intentionally made false statements to MUELLER after agreeing to cooperate &amp; that "the Off…
RT @MikeScarcella: Manafort judge: 'The Office of Special Counsel is no longer bound by its	obligations under the plea agreement.' https://…
Going on MSNBC with @NicolleDWallace.
Trump, speaking to a conference of sheriffs and police chiefs, opens by saying that people really love them, no matter what the "fake news" says.
Here's Trump's public schedule for today. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/QBRhul2n9S
@newsbusters Right-wing outlets omit a key part of a quote exchange to make a Dem look worse, I explain that, NewsBusters tweets "party-line lefty." Way ta bust me, everyone
@ThePlumLineGS They’ve been giving out Finish the Wall hand signs since at least October - this is my tweet from then. I think El Paso was the first time it became a giant banner. https://t.co/hC4AHLRWYY
Going on MSNBC in a few minutes to talk about Donald Trump doing lies again
RT @Fahrenthold: Here's @realDonaldTrump seeking to prop up a coal supplier by keeping open a federal power plant.	So who benefits? 	The ow…
Dem Earl Blumenauer, head of House trade subcommittee, tells AP he doesn't think the new NAFTA would pass the subcommittee with the pharma provision as is. But he added, “Lighthizer and his team are very creative. This is something that can be handled.” https://t.co/OTlAaLxMHq
@KT_So_It_Goes I know you’re being funny but this also happened to me last night - was curious what was going on
.@JoeBrunoWSOC9 has been excellent covering the election-fraud story in North Carolina’s 9th District. https://t.co/RVGFyEnqx9
@Jeff__MacGregor Congratulations Jeff.
@Kidspud The *right-wing media effort* is highly dishonest.
Here is the video: https://t.co/O1oMckUBpT. 		This may be kind of trivial-seeming, but it's a highly dishonest effort to paint Harris as a liar without at least giving readers the transcript they need to make the call themselves. And it led Fox's website at one point today. /end
Here is the full exchange. It seems extremely possible, probably likely, that Harris was intending to respond to DJ Envy's general question, "What do you listen to?" After asking that question, DJ Envy volunteered the "Snoop." https://t.co/Qmd6KyWNj1
Fox (left) and the Daily Wire (right) had Harris being asked what music she listened to when high, and her volunteering, "Definitely Snoop, Tupac for sure." But...she was actually asked a separate question, unmentioned by Fox and the Wire, by the person who volunteered "Snoop." https://t.co/WfMd5MUCzB
Right-wing outlets have been gleeful today about Harris supposedly lying about...what music she listened to while smoking weed as a young woman. But as @AsteadWesley notes, these outlets omitted a key part of the exchange. It's not at all clear she was dishonest. (Weird thread!)
@KellyGreig So good
RT @peterbakernyt: After the attack on a BBC cameraman at last night’s rally, @PressSec	says: "President Trump condemns all acts of violenc…
@4Hannah76 Jim and I got out of there just in time!
@MrJohnDavid I did not say this claim was a lie this time. I said CBP wont quite join him in flatly saying the wall is under construction in the Rio Grande Valley, and I quoted what they said.
When the 6 miles of construction does begin in the Rio Grande Valley, Trump's wall-being-built claim will cease being a lie, in my view. Though this wasn't widely described as "wall" when Dems agreed to fund it, it's concrete topped by steel, and it's new. https://t.co/YQhMXJkcWE
Trump has gotten specific with his long-false claim that his wall is being built, saying it's happening in Rio Grande Valley. CBP won't quite say that; tells me: "As part of the construction project vegetation clearing activities began last week in the Rio Grande Valley."
Trump called on Dem Rep. Ilhan Omar to resign from Congress or at least the foreign affairs committee over comments described by Democratic and Republican leaders as antisemitic, saying her words are "so deep-seated in her heart that her lame apology...was just not appropriate."
The full quote: "This is the NAFTA replacement. It has nothing to do with NAFTA." Trump called it a "very labor-friendly deal, it's a deal that the workers of our country will love."
South Korea has agreed to pay the US $924 million per year for the US troop presence there, up from $830 million this year. Trump said again today, "They agreed to pay yesterday $500 million more toward their defence."
Trump: "Socialism does not work too well. And we don't want that as part of our country and as part of our heritage. We just can't have it. Everything would come to an end and rapidly and then all of a sudden you'd see things happening and you'd say 'What's going on.'"
Here is Trump's proposal for a parade or non-parade: https://t.co/AAWIGdpVRZ
Trump says he's generally not inclined to show flexibility on the March 1 deadline with China, but if they're getting close to a "real deal," he could let it slide for "a little while."
Trump: "I could live receiving billions and billions of dollars a month from China [U.S. importers pay the tariffs]. China never gave us 10 cents [there were tariffs on China before, including high-profile tariffs imposed by Obama]."
Trump with a novel use of "lame duck": "We have a chance to really make a deal, a real deal with China. We've never been in this position before. We've always been the - the lame duck. And we're not the lame duck anymore. We've gone up tremendously in value as a country."
Trump says walls got a bad rep because other walls were less attractive than his are: "It was crazy what they were putting up. In fact, I happen to think that the walls they were building were so unattractive and so ugly that walls got bad names. OK? If that means anything."
RT @Acosta: Trump on border deal to avert shutdown: “I’m not happy about it. It’s not doing the trick.”
Per pool, Trump just said of his USMCA, which is NAFTA with some revisions, “It has nothing to do with NAFTA.”
3) Various countries do all this differently, and “Medicare for all” could mean a variety of different public-private mixes.
Three true things: 1) The Sanders plan is intended to eliminate private insurance or close - leave no gaps that private has to fill in Canada (vision, dental, drugs); 2) This kind of plan would ban people from using private insurance as their primary insurer - big, big change;
Good brief explainer of how public and private insurance exist together in Canada and elsewhere: https://t.co/KFgau6wkNr
My favourite singer ever @jimcuddy is on my flight and I am irrationally exuberant about this #canada
Here’s Trump’s public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don’t include all of a president’s activities.) https://t.co/uwdYp1yQrm
...and Trump was lying about the number of people watching the rally on screens outside. That is a crowd size liefecta. https://t.co/bD54snuHGv
...Trump was also lying about the O'Rourke event, which he pegged at a maximum of 300 people... https://t.co/Bo8t2gPrZY
As almost always, Trump was lying about his crowd size... https://t.co/WDv7CEB0U7
For anyone confused, I did not get kicked out of the rally. I got kicked out of Toronto's Massey College by the nice man locking up the college. https://t.co/LWEnRWhgSR
I'm being kicked out of a building so I'm going to end on the crying monster. Good night everyone https://t.co/BLEZUz5k1a
Sir Alert/Tears Alert! Trump says a crying guy so big "he's like a monster, like this monster football player, big strong guy," said to him, as he was coming out, "Thank you very much...you've saved our country."
Trump reads: "We're embarking on bold initiatives to defeat AIDS." He adds: "Who knew that?"
We are at the Trump talks about the 1888 tariff debate part of the rally. He concludes, "Check it out, 1888. Have the press check it out. They'll say, 'Donald Trump said 1888.'"
Trump on the House Dems on the new NAFTA deal: "They would rather have Trump have a loss than get something that's so good for our country."
Trump on getting a dog, in summary:	- I wouldn't mind one but I don't have any time	- It would look phony for me to walk a dog	- My base doesn't need to see me with a dog
Trump says he's been advised to get a dog because it's good politically, but "that's not the relationship I have with my people," his base. https://t.co/MHlE27aYAO
!!! Trump: "Certain types of dogs. You do love your dogs, don't you? I wouldn't mind having one, honestly, but I don't have any time. How would I look walking a dog on the White House lawn?...Feels a little phony to me...That's not the relationship I have with my people."
Trump: "By the way, there is nothing better than a good old-fashioned German shepherd. It's hard to believe. It's true."
"Almost 40,000 people were murdered in Mexico," Trump says. He first tweeted the correct number, 33,341, then made it "38,000" in his remarks at the White House, then tonight made it "almost 40,000."
Trump mocks unnamed "rich liberals" who supposedly advocate "open borders" - congressional Dems do not - while living behind walls. Adds: "I'm guilty. I'm guilty. I also live behind walls...me too...because I want to be safe. And I want to make America safe, if you don't mind."
The part of Trump's El Paso comments that has been most criticized is a part he didn't mention tonight: the claim that El Paso used to be very dangerous pre-fencing. That's flat false. The impact of the fencing is more debatable. https://t.co/DQnkmAo6QK
Trump dismisses people who note that the El Paso fencing didn't make a big difference on crime, saying, "I spoke to people who've been here a long time." He adds, "They're full of crap when they say it hasn't made a big difference."
Trump lies that only "2%" of people show up for their immigration court hearings. (Even anti-immigration groups say it's well over half; for asylum seekers, it's been near-90%.) Then he insults the people who do follow the law, saying, "Only the dumbest people show back up."
Trump: "How about the word caravan? CARAVAN? I think that was one of mine." He is saying various things.
Ah, the "three women tied up in the backseat of a car" have returned. Trump this time says the traffickers "make a left" to get into the country with the gagged women, a departure from the frequent "make a right."
Trump lying about human traffickers again: "Do you think they come in through the ports of entry?" Many of them do.
To rephrase, Trump said that the unemployment rate is 3.6% or 3.7% and going down, then said it's 4% and had just gone up. https://t.co/fA9Lh8ptD0
Trump falsely: "Our unemployment rate: real unemployment, 3.6, 3.7, and going down." He then says, "It went up to 4...you know how low 4 is?...It went up from 3.7 to 4 just quickly." He says it's because of "a little blip" with the shutdown.
Trump pre-criticizes the media for not noting how much bigger his crowd is than O'Rourke's. He says, of the media's reaction to his own success (I think), "it's driving them crazy. It's driving them crazy."
Trump says he could have stayed in Washington and learned about the progress in border negotiations, but he chose "my people from Texas" instead. He often says things like this at rallies - he could have not come see these people, but he chose them, consciously.
Trump's current campaign argument: the Democrats are radical, far out of the mainstream, and would cause economic, social and health disruption with their foolish left-wing schemes.
Trump criticizes Democrats for supposedly proposing the complete elimination of private health care. Medicare for All would not do so, though some versions, like Sanders's, would eliminate most of today's private health insurance.
"That state's going to go Republican pretty soon," Trump says of Virginia.
Trump mocks Ralph Northam for thinking about moonwalking at his press conference, saying, accurately, "This would not have been a good scene. His wife saved him."
Trump: "Where are the fact-checkers? You know, some of the most dishonest people in media are the so-called fact-checkers."
Trump attacks the Green New Deal, saying it'd cause economic ruin, and that it is "crazy" for a Hawaii senator to support it, because you can't get to Hawaii on a train.
Trump lies that "the real collusion" was with Hillary Clinton. This is, as always, simple nonsense. There is a Lock Her Up chant. Trump adds that "there's also collusion between the Democrats and the fake news right here." There is a CNN Sucks chant.
"No president should have to go what we've gone through," Trump says, referring to the Russia investigation, which he calls "a hoax."
(Really regretting my decision to watch this rather than the Raptors game)
Trump: "Democrats have to stop being so angry."
Trump adds some more to his usual line about a protester going home to mommy, this time saying the protester will be "punished" by mommy.
There is a Build That Wall chant. Trump says it should be Finish That Wall, lying that "we've built a lot of it."
Trump again lies that, after "40 years" of failed efforts, he got Veterans Choice passed. The program was signed into law by Obama in 2014. Trump signed a law that significantly modifies the Choice program. That was the 57th time he said this.
Trump keeps using outdated data for Hispanic and Asian unemployment. They hit record lows in 2018, but they've spiked back up to non-lows.
Trump wildly exaggerates the military cost-sharing deal with South Korea, saying South Korea used to pay $500 million and now it's $900 million. It went from $830 million to $924 million, according to https://t.co/aWzqc3jPQf: https://t.co/UfzmYLYEnd
Trump lies that the Obama administration said manufacturing was dead. (Obama said some jobs weren't coming back, but boasted about how many were.)
Trump boasts of tariff money pouring in from China. The tariffs are paid by US importers, though some Chinese manufacturers eat some of the cost.
Trump says he has 35,000 people at his rally and O'Rourke has 200 or 300. Those extremely do not seem like the correct numbers, but I will update you later.
Trump says Beto O'Rourke "has very little going for himself except he's got a great first name." He says there are 10,000 people at his rally in an arena that holds 8,000 people, but "tens of thousands of people are watching screens outside." (Anybody out there to check?)
Trump says he's "1 for 1" in elections, and now he's going to be "2 for 0."
Trump complains that people complain about progress with North Korea even though he left the Singapore summit a mere "15 months ago." It was in June 2018.
Trump reading from his script: "Our agenda is not a partisan agenda." Trump ad-libbing: "Although some people say it is. Every once in a while it does become that way."
Trump usually says that the many cameras on him at rallies is like the Academy Awards. This time, he said it's like the Academy Awards "used to be."
Trump calls the Rio Grande "legendary." He says they started wall construction there today. (Not sure, but I know they were planning to starting building their first new fencing of Trump's tenure, in the Rio Grande Valley, by this week.)
Trump is doing a rally in El Paso. Tweets will be tweeted in this thread.
RT @steveholland1: Pres Trump tells visiting sheriffs there's a big line of people outside his event in El Paso waiting to get in, and that…
RT @MSNBC: Senate Minority Leader Schumer: 		"Rep. Omar’s use of an anti-Semitic stereotype was offensive and irresponsible.		This kind of…
RT @IlhanMN: Listening and learning, but standing strong 💪🏽 https://t.co/7TSroSf8h1
@bruce_arthur Seeing the lineup the Raps had out there at the end of the game is a good reminder to enjoy this era
RT @SpeakerPelosi: In our conversation today, Congresswoman Omar and I agreed that we must use this moment to move forward as we reject ant…
@BobWolfeSPS @Alex_Panetta You’re right of course! (I’d deleted and corrected that tweet.) Thanks very much.
RT @bradheath: The president has spent his morning tweeting rebuttals to people on television saying he spends too much time tweeting and w…
I made a mistake in my earlier tweet about the possibility of Trump auto tariffs. Canada’s de facto exemption has already kicked in; though the “side letter” emerged from the NAFTA talks, it doesn’t require the full trade agreement to be ratified. https://t.co/kVlbko5Zoe
@Jenn_Pastrak You’re right! I’ll correct
@Jenn_Pastrak You might be right and me wrong! I’ll double check. Thank you.
RT @MaeveReston: On @breakfastclubam @KamalaHarris confronts memes claiming she’s “not African American” … "I'm black, and I'm proud of bei…
Host: “They say you oppose legalizing weed.” Harris: “That’s not true.” Host: “I know.” Harris: “Look, I joke about it - half-joking: half my family’s from Jamaica. Are you kidding me?” https://t.co/ay5zbdXzUS
Dave’s campaign newsletter is very informative. The man is everywhere. https://t.co/lYNEbs51I5
Interesting, detailed story on Kamala Harris’s career as a prosecutor, for which she’s taken criticism from both the left and the right: https://t.co/VIwSgsJgmj
RT @ToluseO: This tweet came just seconds after Joe Scarborough said on Morning Joe that historians will record that no president ever work…
RT @AlexWardVox: ISIS will soon *lose* 100% of its territory. The US won’t *control* it.		How is he messing up what is a genuinely huge acc…
Here's Trump's public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/Zn0JuUTpkG
RT @ec_schneider: KLOBUCHAR to WISCONSIN and IOWA next weekend. 		“We’re starting in Wisconsin because, as you remember, there wasn’t a lot…
RT @atrupar: Fox News’ @PeteHegseth admits, unprompted, that he hasn’t washed his hands in 10 years.		“Germs are not a real thing,” Pete sa…
RT @chelsea_janes: Klobuchar on stories describing an abusive office environment: "Yes, I can be tough. And yes, I can push people. I know…
When questioned in the last year, Trump has said he accepts that the world is warming but thinks it’s going to “change back.” On Twitter, though, he keeps saying that people who accept (the fact of) global warming look foolish because it is sometimes cold some places. https://t.co/6iHGgbhKc0
RT @DefenseBaron: One of Congress’s few vocal critics of the wars who demanded oversight when most members sat silent. // Walter Jones, ‘fr…
RT @ABCPolitics: Democratic Sen. Amy Klobuchar launches 2020 presidential bid: "As your president, I will look you in the eye, I will tell…
RT @igorbobic: "I don’t have a political machine. I don’t come from money. But what I do have is this: I have grit,” Klobuchar says after a…
RT @TaranaBurke: This story...just, my God. 		“... since 1998, roughly 380 Southern Baptist church leaders and volunteers have faced allega…
RT @costareports: New details here on why the talks are stalled, in particular on the debate over ICE beds and whether the number should be…
To be clear, Gallup did not poll about open borders. It polled about people’s desire to live in other countries. Then their CEO did an opinion piece in which he posed an “open borders“ hypothetical, which is what Trump seized on. https://t.co/BcfnflmUJj https://t.co/BIg7Zq9ZFd
It is possible Donald Trump does not speak for African-Americans. In a Washington Post poll, 58% of African-Americans said Northam should stay in office, 37% that he should resign. For whites, it was 46% stay in office, 48% resign. https://t.co/VbbNuxauKT https://t.co/nYirkszRHj
The Gallup poll merely suggested 42 million Latin Americans would want to move to the US if they could...but they can’t, because the US doesn’t have open borders. (Gallup used “could”: “Open borders could potentially attract 42 million Latin Americans.” Trump made it “will.”) https://t.co/PyrcJ8zIeC
That line does not make any sense https://t.co/vkYOF9iTpm
RT @mkraju: The White House acting chief of staff, Mick Mulvaney, has no answers when asked on MTP about the administration refusal to comp…
RT @TheDweck: “What do we want?”	“Our kids to die!”	“When do we want it?”	“Unexpectedly, from a preventable 19th-century steamship disease!…
1) President makes joke about a time the US government killed thousands of Native Americans 2) People point out he did that 3) President’s son applauds president for doing that 4) Fox guy mocks people for suggesting president is knowledgeable enough to do that https://t.co/wTrx20X8Ll
@BlakeMurphyODC Truuue k
@BlakeMurphyODC I feel like it’s a waste to not surround him with the highest-IQ guys and more shooters
@katherinemiller “Look, we got cameras!” I especially hate when nba broadcasts switch cams before a fast break dunk...the regular side camera is so much better for seeing where the guy jumped from.
RT @jdelreal: For generations, residents of the southwest border town of Calexico have watched with trepidation as a threat flows unabated…
RT @asmamk: "That was rather blunt," Brown says to laughter, before diving into an explanation. "I think the race is about ideas, and I thi…
Interesting how Warren weaves together her economic and racial messages. https://t.co/dVK9BwalUx
RT @aseitzwald: NEW: Elizabeth Warren launches 2020 bid with call to ignore the "cowards" and go big. 		 https://t.co/VjESTusILe
RT @jmartNYT: NEW: Our Sunday story on the Va vise		-Fairfax is NOT quitting as of now, we’re told. Wants an independent inquiry 		-He flub…
RT @ddiamond: President Trump’s new HIV plan faces a major hurdle: The two years that Trump has spent trying to undermine care for HIV pati…
Going on MSNBC around 4:30 to talk about Trump’s week in dishonesty, and some other Trump things
RT @daveweigel: Not just NPR. It was sent to me and a number of other reporters, embargoed until the legislation was public. https://t.co/U…
Ocasio-Cortez chief of staff: “Mistakes happen when doing time launches like this coordinating multiple groups and collaborators.” https://t.co/YrP8DrvpOj
@BioTurboNick @KDbyProxy This is the thing that was sent to reporters.
@BioTurboNick @yashar “There was also a draft version that got uploaded + taken down.” What am I missing?
Ocasio-Cortez had a detailed “FAQ” explanation of the “Green New Deal” on her website, which NPR reported her office also sent to them directly for their story on the proposal. It has received criticism. She now says it was merely “a draft version that got uploaded + taken down.” https://t.co/5QvuMByYek
RT @BrettKelman: Today, The @Tennessean published one of the strangest stories of my career. Actually, the article itself isn't that weird,…
RT @jmartNYT: In first comments since press conf, @RalphNortham tells @SchneiderG he wants to use the rest of his term to pursue racial rec…
RT @DanLamothe: It’s Saturday. It’s cold across much of the country. It seems like a good time to lay out reporting on a case involving Arm…
RT @Fahrenthold: The workers say @realDonaldTrump paid them $8/hour to operate heavy equipment. No benefits. 	A licensed, legal operator wo…
RT @justinjm1: Candace Owens: I liked Hitler's early stuff, before he went mass market https://t.co/1IxuqJK1gG
RT @sarahmccammon: Statement from VA Lt. Gov. Justin Fairfax denying second sexual assault allegation, ends with “I will not resign.” https…
Trump is in "very good health and I anticipate he will remain so for the duration of his Presidency, and beyond," doctor Sean Conley says in a preliminary memo released by the White House. https://t.co/urtA0jqnHn
RT @MegKinnardAP: Virginia Gov. Ralph Northam told his top staff Friday that he is not going to resign over the racist photo that has roile…
RT @katherinemiller: "[Northam's] advisers have assigned the governor homework: He’s begun to read Alex Haley’s Roots, and The Case for Rep…
RT @Bencjacobs: Another accuser has just come forward to accuse Virginia Lt. Governor Justin Fairfax of raping her in college https://t.co/…
Trump has ordered flags to half-staff through sunset tomorrow to honour the late John Dingell, the long-serving Michigan Democratic congressman. (Dingell was sharply critical of him, tweeting in January, “Burn this entire administration down.”) https://t.co/AZnH3RR25e
RT @markberman: Five people told the NYT that Dr. Vanessa Tyson had previously told them over the last 2 years about being sexually assault…
I’m not saying Toronto is dangerous. It isn’t. I’m saying journalists shouldn’t suggest to people that we only have knife crime. Gun violence was a major issue last year. Families of 51 victims don’t feel blessed or find it cute that US cities are worse. https://t.co/r7xYZRLinV
@RKTlaw I’m simply saying that it is incorrect to suggest we don’t have gun crime, only knife crime. Even semi-facetiously.
@austinkelly70 It’s extremely safe. I’m just saying it’s silly to say our only crime is with little knives.
I love Toronto and it’s very safe and I wander around at night a lot there, but we had 51 gun homicides in 2018. Let’s not act like it’s a utopian no-gun zone. https://t.co/4GwcvHbNsH
Quite a lede https://t.co/VKUT9P6N70 https://t.co/Ue4BE1s6FS
RT @mccrummenWaPo: NEW: Pipeline of undocumented workers from Latin America built Trump's golf course, and everyone seemed to know it. “It’…
RT @Phil_Mattingly: i've watched an awful lot of hearings in my 12 years here and i'm...pretty sure i've never seen that before... https://…
RT @lachlan: I would urge extreme caution and skepticism on this. I'm told de Becker is not seriously exploring this theory, which was in f…
It was always obviously a revised NAFTA, but at first everyone official, even the Canadian government, insisted it was the USMCA, so that's what we had to call it...but then the Canadians were like ok who cares it's "new NAFTA," liberating us reporters. https://t.co/Gw3Q0KP0Pv
RT @scotusreporter: Supreme Court will allow execution of Alabama inmate to move forward on 5-4 vote. Muslim inmate had wanted imam at his…
@BearLukit The House and the Senate have to approve this deal. Annnd blocked
A Democratic pollster found that discussing this provision is the “single most powerful” argument against the new NAFTA with white working-class Obama-Trump voters, who see it as capitulation to Big Pharma, @ThePlumLineGS reports: https://t.co/VCe3OTWxVx
There’s a provision in the new NAFTA that would add two years of IP protection for certain medicines in Canada, and forbid the US from setting the number of protected years as low as Dems want. It’s one of the key obstacles to the House approving the deal: https://t.co/NRNzcv9yco
RT @adegrandpre: This --&gt;		"Mental-health experts worry that veterans taking their lives on VA property has become a desperate form of prot…
RT @abbygoodnough: Many in public health say allowing “safe injection sites” for heroin/fentanyl users would save lives. Trump administrati…
@Cpo10za It’s normal to helicopter to Walter Reed.
@realchet @ZachLowe_NBA HE KNEW
@ZachLowe_NBA I feel like Vlade’s intentional batting is the key tragicomedic component of that one
Here's Trump's public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/H67D8vVxSY
RT @peterbakernyt: Roberts joins liberal justices to block a Louisiana law critics say could have left the state with only one doctor in a…
RT @ericgeller: SCOOP: Trump is expected to sign his executive order banning Chinese telecom equipment next week, as the U.S. prepares to s…
Big Pharma notes that the US wouldn’t have to change, and one expert told me such minimums “never” get shortened. But some Dems say they want to try — and @ThePlumLineGS reports that a Dem pollster found this issue is a big winner with Obama-Trump voters: https://t.co/dzTJCFT0W1
Basically: the NAFTA deal requires at least 10 years of intellectual property protection for these cutting-edge biologics. US law already grants 12 years of protection. But Democrats keep proposing to go down to 7 years, and the deal would forbid them from doing that.
A provision in the new NAFTA that could raise the cost of certain drugs in Canada has emerged as a key impediment to the deal being approved in the US — even though it wouldn’t require the US to change anything. I tried to explain this complicated stuff: https://t.co/NRNzcv9yco
RT @JenniferJJacobs: Jeff Bezos, CEO of https://t.co/Q7UIrqpzV7 and owner of the Washington Post, is accusing the National Enquirer and its…
RT @burgessev: Things are happening: Schumer says border security talks are going “pretty good”
RT @burgessev: After meeting with Trump, Shelby says the president wants them to wrap up negotiations and the senator believes Trump is lik…
@jfmezei Certainly possible, but I have no evidence for it.
Pelosi said the "overarching issue" is enforcement provisions, and she suggested she wants them added to the main text, saying if those aren't “very strongly spelled out, not as a sidebar, not as a side letter, but central to the treaty, then there’s a problem."
Pelosi, speaking today on the new NAFTA, again hinted that she is not gearing up for a big brawl: "I have always thought that this was probably one of the easier trade agreements to come to agreement on, but so far we’re not there yet.”
@outsidethenba Forever 21
Woj bomb https://t.co/CaX7k53Cgm
RT @rcallimachi: 1. Good morning everyone, today and a few days ago, @ivorprickett and I drove into the Syrian desert to the spot in a rock…
RT @mikedebonis: This is an essential thread for consumers of political news https://t.co/8mrD3InQgC
Trump says that when he urged Americans on Tuesday to choose greatness, "everybody in that room stood and applauded." (That came right after "results or resistance, vision or vengeance, incredible progress or pointless destruction," and Democrats did not stand and applaud.)
Trump: "We are blessed to live in a land of faith where all things are possible. Our only limits are those we place on ourselves. SO true."
Trump on abortion: "Every life is sacred, and every soul is a precious gift from heaven. As the Lord says in Jeremiah, 'Before I formed you in the womb, I knew you. Before you were born, I set you apart.'"
Trump on human trafficking: "The internet came along and some good things happened but some very bad things happened."
Trump expresses support for a Michigan Catholic adoption agency being challenged for rejecting same-sex parents, saying, "We will always protect our country's long and proud tradition of faith-based adoption" and that agencies should be able to follow "their deeply held beliefs."
In a rare non-disparaging reference to Muslims, Trump thanks Muslim leaders in the room for sending millions of meals to Somalia.
Trump touts bipartisan criminal justice reform, thanks the Christian leaders for helping getting it done. "America is a nation that believes in redemption," he says.
Trump says that many of the greatest American accomplishments, including "abolition of civil rights," have been led by people of faith.
Trump's text says a SWAT officer "raced through" a doorway during the Pittsburgh massacre. Trump accidentally says "graced," then says, "graced and raced."
Trump: "Our extraordinary people are just something that is number one."
Trump congratulates Second Lady Karen Pence for teaching art classes at a Christian school. She's been criticized because the school bans gay students and parents.
Trump's first words to the National Prayer Breakfast: "I will never let you down. I can say that. Never."
@TorontoCAJ @MasseyCollege @l_stone @supriyadwivedi It's Monday!
Trump is sitting through a lot of Christian content before he speaks at the National Prayer Breakfast. He is not usually forced to come to events early enough to listen to other people talking about non-him things.
RT @heatherscope: .@SpeakerPelosi on the #GreenNewDeal: 		“It will be one of several or maybe many suggestions that we receive,” Pelosi tol…
As members of Congress push for changes to the new NAFTA, Canada's foreign affairs minister says "Canada has done its part" and that it's the job of Lighthizer, a "pro," to get the deal through Congress: https://t.co/cWBPD1PHZF
RT @ABC: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau takes first steps to roll back regulations on payday lenders. https://t.co/lQS9MOkAZ4
RT @JoshNBCNews: NEW this AM: Trump rules make it easier for U.S. gun makers to sell overseas, including AR-15s, flame-throwers, grenades,…
Here's Trump's public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/yx3AxwVj9t
The head of the House Ways and Means trade subcommittee offers another signal from Democrats that the approval process on the new NAFTA might take a while: https://t.co/utzq5tJBex
Freeland met with Senate Foreign Relations Committee chair Jim Risch today after the anti-ISIS gathering. She’s meeting with USTR Bob Lighthizer and Senate Finance Commitee chair Chuck Grassley tomorrow.
Negotiations on the original NAFTA, signed in 1992, were reopened in 1993 in response to Dem concerns. Canada didn’t like it but knew it had to be done.  Freeland has no need to show flexibility now, though.
Canadian foreign affairs minister Chrystia Freeland, asked in Washington about her willingness to see NAFTA talks reopened to address the various Dem concerns, says, “Canada has done its part.” She adds, “The negotiation was very thorough.”
RT @JesseRodriguez: New statement from @LGJustinFairfax: "Reading Dr. Tyson's account is painful. I have never done anything like what she…
Trump is reliably wrong about dates - he perpetually moves events closer to the present. I think he’s sometimes trying to make old news sound fresher and more exciting, sometimes just confused. I wrote about this last year: https://t.co/BRi6Qihs3D  https://t.co/xETpxkZfR5
Members of the military do call him "sir," but I'm still dubious of this sir story, partly because Trump visibly seemed to be making it up as he went along. https://t.co/G8cbFub2MW
Trump on ISIS: "You're always going to have people. They'll be around. They're sick. They're demented. But you're going to have them no matter how well we do military. You can't do better than we've done military - militarily. But you will have people that will be around."
Trump claims, when he was in Iraq, "I gave them the absolute go-ahead. I said, 'Go at it. How long will it take once you get started?' He said, 'Sir, one week.' I said, 'Where did that come from, one week?' And he meant it. And it's about a week since they really got going."
Trump said that it will be announced "probably next week" that 100% of ISIS's former territory has been recaptured, but he doesn't want to say this too early.
Trump to anti-ISIS coalition: "It's been an honour to work w/you and we will continue to...because unfortunately, this is not going to be something that - as brilliant as our military is knocking out the big, big sections, they'll still have tiny sections. Can be so dangerous."
.@mattfleg is such a good writer and this history of Beto O’Rourke’s years in NYC is hilarious: https://t.co/BYVYg24Jnf
RT @NPR: President Trump's expected appointee to lead the World Bank, David Malpass, has been a vocal critic of the institution.	https://t.…
Tyson says, "I have no political motive. I am a proud Democrat." She says she merely wanted to give Virginians important information and respond to Fairfax's "falsehoods" about her. She says will make no further statements. https://t.co/y4xJtQGSZG
Tyson, a professor, alleges that Virginia lieutenant governor Fairfax forced her to perform oral sex. He says they had a "consensual encounter" and that she expressed no "discomfort." She says she cried, gagged and was in "obvious distress." https://t.co/5qjmeJ0zHl
Fairfax may be tacitly acknowledging this comment in his new statement denying the assault allegation. He said, "In my remarks on Monday, I think you could hear how emotional dealing with an allegation that I know is not true has been for me." https://t.co/VR2QryoySi
RT @LauraLitvan: NEW: Virginia Lt Gov Justin Fairfax released a new statement about the sexual assault allegations against him https://t.co…
Virginia's Democratic attorney general, who would become governor if Ralph Northam steps down in a blackface scandal and Justin Fairfax does not take the job because of a sexual assault allegation, says he wore blackface too, in 1980. https://t.co/sHrduFnBRF
RT @jmartNYT: Black legislators are walking in the capitol w downcast looks. declining comment on the Herring meeting, being rushed into pr…
I only count Trump's false claims. The WaPo count, which is nearly double mine, includes "misleading" claims, many of which are true. https://t.co/MM6uZlqaZ1
... https://t.co/bhW5ZIAFW0
Detailed analysis of last week's Trump dishonesty, and a special subscription offer, coming in my weekly Trumpcheck newsletter. You can sign up here: https://t.co/gxlMiNJ8qO
Trump is up to 4,325 false claims for his presidency, an average of 5.8 per day. Here's the comprehensive, sortable-by-category list: https://t.co/tUlVsaIQoY
January 31, in which Trump made 49 false claims, was the 6th-worst day of his 745-day-old presidency as of Sunday, per the Star's @EdTubb. With 86 false claims, last week was the 12th-worst of his 107 weeks in office. Here's the week-by-week chart: https://t.co/n6KzLwgMFR
He's back! After a couple of quiet weeks, Trump made 86 false claims last week:		- 20 in New York Times interview	- 19 at Buy American order signing	- 15 in CBS interview	- 12 at meeting on trafficking	- 7 in Daily Caller interview		https://t.co/Cp3br9t6Yw
RT @stevemorris__: Fox, apoplectic over its own polling showing wide public support for @AOC and @ewarren's wealth tax proposals, literally…
RT @npfandos: From @RepAdamSchiff: "In the interests of the investigation, Michael Cohen's testimony has been postponed until February 28th…
RT @kaitlancollins: President Trump is heading to El Paso next Monday for his first rally of the year, per a release sent out by the campai…
RT @PolingRecord: The last word. Obit in today’s @TheSpec “I finally have the smoking hot body I have always wanted...having been cremated.…
RT @BobMooreNews: El Paso leaders for years have been defensive about false claims that the city is violent or dangerous. After @realdonald…
RT @kylegriffin1: El Paso Sheriff Richard Wiles to NBC: "It is sad to hear Pres. Trump state falsehoods about El Paso, Texas in an attempt…
Here's Trump's public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/T2b4lHmr8m
RT @MZanona: I'm told Speaker Pelosi was planning to introduce the president before his #SOTU address (just like Paul Ryan did in 2018.)		B…
This is my vote for most memorable line of the speech. Anyone have any other picks? https://t.co/L0H89DmVJ5
RT @amyklobuchar: I’m making a big announcement on Sunday. Join me there: https://t.co/Hz91NGE8hB https://t.co/7Yz1dgaa31
You could feel which sections of the speech were authentically Trump and which ones were aides' attempts to get someone on TV to declare that today was the day Trump became president: https://t.co/IZXAanLGGE
Today recap: Trump heaps insults upon prominent Democrats; Trump makes annual call for unity using his once-a-year words; Trump asks Democrats to give in to him on immigration; Trump warns Democrats not to investigate him: https://t.co/IZXAanLGGE
@RandazzoCarm4 @Harry1T6 I haven't had time to watch Abrams yet!
@Harry1T6 I messed up here, clearly - I shouldn't have said "nobody" at all. https://t.co/yYZJToU7l5
OK all you people dunkin' on me: I should've said, as usual, that congressional Democrats are not calling for "open borders." It is obviously not true that nobody in America is calling for open borders. I got loose for a second. https://t.co/G1mhan3DpB
RT @ChadPergram: Speech ran 1 hr, 22 minutes &amp; 27 seconds. Was interupted DURING the speech 98 times. Trump’s previous speeches averaged a…
I don't think you can fact-check a subjective claim like this. He's entitled to believe illegal immigration is a "crisis" even if the numbers are far lower than historic highs. https://t.co/GqIBCMeLRU
As you may have guessed, "bad, bad things" was an ad-lib.
The prepared text did not have Trump speaking for the Taliban - he ad-libbed, or late-added, that "the other side would like to do the same thing" line.
Trump's "$7 trillion" claim about Middle East war spending is still inaccurate. He was extrapolating from a Brown University estimate, the latest version of which is $4.9 trillion; $5.9 trillion including estimated future health care obligations.. https://t.co/8j4aTjY7vc
Trump, being Trump, keeps saying that the Afghanistan war has gone on for "19 years" or "nearly 19 years." (He didn't specifically say Afghanistan this time.) It is 17 years, 4 months old.
Some Republican boos for "socialism." Trump: "Here, in the United States, we are alarmed by new calls to adopt socialism in our country. America was founded on liberty and independence –- not government coercion, domination, and control. We are born free, and we will stay free."
There is no apparent basis for Trump's opinion - though I won't call an opinion "false" - that the US would've been in a big war with NK without him. He initially claimed, falsely, that Obama told him Obama was close to a war, then started scaling it back to opinion.
The speech text emailed to media said, "For years, the United States was being treated very unfairly by NATO." Trump made it “...very unfairly by friends of ours, members of NATO.”
Here's what Ralph Northam said about babies: https://t.co/zPCY6RkEQk https://t.co/JpyRsigCNj
It is almost comical how different Trump sounds in this one speech a year than in every other speech and appearance that does not follow a tragedy.
Prescription drug prices did indeed have their largest decline in 46 years in 2018, 0.3%, according to the Consumer Price Index. (There are issues with the CPI measure - https://t.co/z8Z7pqW16W - but Trump is correct.)
"The catastrophe known as NAFTA" is overwhelmingly preserved in Trump's USMCA deal, though it contains some significant changes.
That "SO bad" was not in the text.
I'd call this Trump's biggest lie of the speech so far. It's not an exaggeration or an outdated stat or hyperbolic rhetoric - it's the president, joined by Texas's Republican attorney general, just making something up. https://t.co/7VwL5jAgUb
That is a straight-up lie about El Paso, which was one of America’s safest large cities for violent crime before the fencing was erected and did not immediately see crime fall after the fence was built. Thorough debunking from https://t.co/YAFxOMPWKE:  https://t.co/YrKQ3CnD6x https://t.co/xAM4NycvQ6
Not sure if "most of the people in this room" is correct or not, but Democrats haven't voted in the past for what they understood to be a "wall." The 2006 law was called the Secure Fence Act; last year's funding was for fencing Trump didn't call his wall then.
Trump's ICE-related arrest numbers are usually correct, straight from ICE itself. They're among the only numbers he does not habitually exaggerate.
This is a similar speech to last year's: a call for unity, various boasts, various policy proposals, lots of graphic talk about the dangers of illegal immigration.
Trump has recently dropped the "duct tape" thing. It is true that some women are trafficked through open areas, just not in the way he has vividly described in the past; many of them cross willingly, having been deceived.
That "in the largest numbers ever" on legal immigration was either ad-libbed or added to the speech late. The prepared text says only, "I want people to come into our country."
Do not immediately know if that Mexican cities/trucks and buses claim is true. Anyone know?
This is a good example of what Trump himself means by "unity": Democrats uniting with Republicans in letting him do what he wants. https://t.co/0iBDnXYMiq
Trump: "An economic miracle is taking place in the United States -- and the only thing that can stop it are foolish wars, politics, or ridiculous partisan investigations. If there is going to be peace and legislation, there cannot be war and investigation."
The government's Energy Information Administration just announced that the U.S. would become a net energy exporter *next* year, not that it has already happened. (It is possible I'm missing something, since this subject confuses me.) https://t.co/yWIsAaSAo3 https://t.co/40PbiHFdUW
The claim about cutting more regulations than any other presidency might or might not be true. I've asked around, and nobody really knows.
Trump did not eliminate the estate tax, virtually or otherwise, merely raised the threshold at which it has to be paid. Also, it affected a tiny number of family farms and small businesses even before this change: https://t.co/ti4hdMFaUO
African-American unemployment has ticked up nearly a full percentage point, from 5.9 to 6.8, since it hit a low in 2018, but it's still a low compared to pre-Trump eras. Asian-American unemployment hit a low of 2.0 in May, but it's now a non-low 3+.
Unemployment hit a 49-year low in September, but it's now up to an 18-year-low. It was lower than 4.0 in 2000, during the end of the Clinton era.
There have not been 600,000 manufacturing jobs added during Trump's presidency: 12,822,000 as of Jan. 2019, 12,368,000 as of Jan. 2017, an increase of 454.000 jobs. https://t.co/t8HU3Sw2Xq https://t.co/AiE0KGsXkm
Trump warns against "vengeance." He loves vengeance! He is America's leading vengeance advocate.
“We must reject the politics of revenge, resistance and retribution and embrace the boundless potential of cooperation, compromise and the common good." - Donald J. Trump
Yes indeed, Trump said "Democrat agenda" in the opening unity pitch.
This will be the third straight address to Congress in which Trump calls for a big infrastructure effort. He asked for a $1 trillion investment (from various sources) in 2017, $1.5 trillion in 2018.
As always: no Democrat in Congress is pushing for "open borders," though this is common GOP language beyond Trump; Dems support various non-Wall security measures. (You can excuse this as non-literal political rhetoric, but I say it's a false claim.) https://t.co/nRolk5uHN1
RT @kylieatwood: NEW: Tonight, Trump will announce that the 2nd US-NK summit will take place in Vietnam on Feb 27-28, per a source familiar…
RT @damianpaletta: As Trump revives campaign call for $1 trillion infrastructure plan, worth remembering he rejected proposals from aides o…
RT @paulwsj: Read Excerpts from Trump's State of the Union Speech https://t.co/21rXPuNEfh via @WSJ
RT @svdate: White House claims Trump wants to offer a unifying message.  		So he will start out with the trolly, right-wing talk radio insu…
RT @sbg1: 'when i say something you think is a gaffe, it's on purpose. it's not a gaffe' https://t.co/zLW3EZhh4q
Per the NYT, Trump also mocked the book sales of John McCain, who is dead. https://t.co/CX95Uri2kP https://t.co/gJbNXlNHlK
How Trump previewed his "unity" speech in his meeting with TV anchors today, according to @peterbakernyt: https://t.co/CX95Uri2kP https://t.co/rtwBEwa533
RT @GeoffRBennett: NBC News is now naming the woman who accuses Virginia Lt. Gov. Justin Fairfax of sexual assault -- a claim he categorica…
RT @GlennKesslerWP: @ddale8 @PolitiFact @factcheckdotorg Washington Post Fact Checker will also be live, on the Post website. You can follo…
I can't do as much live fact-checking as usual tonight because I must submit a newspaper article by 10 PM. @politifact and @factcheckdotorg, among others, will be live. I'll do a comprehensive list of false claims from the speech ASAP. https://t.co/JFKiNVEx2C
RT @kyletblaine: Beto tells Oprah he has set a deadline before the end of this month to decide whether to run for president in 2020
RT @mattfleg: Oprah: "What’s it gonna take? What’s it gonna take for you to say yes?"		Beto: "You know, for me, it will really be family."…
RT @mollyhc: So the news here: Beto just told Oprah he’s thinking about running for president, says the decision will come down to family
@LavishTantrums That is incredible. I can't believe an 11-year-old knows I exist!
RT @davidmackau: some, er, personal news &gt;&gt; Customs And Border Protection Apologized After An Agent Questioned A BuzzFeed News Reporter Abo…
Going on MSNBC with @NicolleDWallace to talk about the president’s level of honesty.
RT @vademocrats: DEMOCRATIC PARTY OF VIRGINIA STATEMENT: "All allegations of sexual assault deserve to be taken with profound gravity. We w…
That’s part of it, but it’s mostly that he’s a compulsive liar and the people who write his speeches are not. If he’s being himself, he’s lying. If he’s reading others’ words, he’s usually not. https://t.co/ZUlfhEW4gb
So...it's kind of funny that the State of the Union is the one night a year many media outlets throw resources at fact-checking. I know it's the highest-viewership night, but it's all the other nights, when Trump is just talking, that demand the most correction.
Trump's lies overwhelmingly come from him and not his staff: his written speeches are more or less factual, though they're filled with questionable subjective claims. One exception is the immigration sections, which often contain Miller-ish falseness.
By contrast, Trump regularly makes 20 or more false claims in his rally speeches, during which he's mostly off-script. His record is 36 in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania last year. Also: 32 in Texas and Missouri, 30 in Ohio, Montana and Iowa, 29 in Florida, Montana and Montana.
Trump made 12 false claims in last year’s State of the Union. That is not good, but it’s very low for him for that much talking (80 minutes). He lies much less when he’s on-script.
RT @JenniferJJacobs: Federal government costs included $60,000 paid directly to Trump’s Mar-a-Lago club, the GAO says in its report, which…
RT @JenniferJJacobs: Breaking: Just four of Trump’s trips to Mar-a-Lago — the four he took in February/March 2017 — cost $13.6 million, the…
RT @tarapalmeri: Trump told supporters 40-50% of speech will be about foreign policy. When asked if the deficit will be mentioned in #SOTU…
RT @tarapalmeri: NEW: President Trump spoke to 20 Republican supporters yesterday at the WH about what to expect in #SOTU speech. Here are…
RT @JenniferJJacobs: During his State of the Union address tonight, Trump isn’t planning to declare a national emergency on the U.S. border…
Donald Trump tells a Sir story three times. https://t.co/KhhIOZzy5j
This, to the NYT, might be the single most ridiculous thing Trump has said about trade deficits: "We wouldn't have survived" if we kept having a $500 billion trade deficit with China. (It was $337 billion last year, but even if it was $500 billion.) https://t.co/Vd5O02SiEA
RT @jmartNYT: EVENING NEWS: Fairfax softens on claiming Northam is behind the sexual assault claims, but hints in second gaggle that Richmo…
RT @bradheath: Aung San Suu Kyi won't free two @Reuters reporters; she told the U.S. that they had revealed state secrets. 		The secret was…
RT @JChengWSJ: Hours before Trump delivers his State of the Union address, and hours before Steve Biegun heads to Pyongyang, an apparent br…
"In American politics, lawmakers can get a pass for almost anything short of open allegiance to racist ideologies or the explicit use of racist imagery." https://t.co/86cFJSGk8I
@ekoreen Who are your all-time favourite humans to cover?
Ralph Northam is still the governor of Virginia: https://t.co/tXe24yfl9x
@StevenTDennis Tell us!
RT @steveliesman: 2/ Fed says Powell's comments in meeting with Pres. Trump "were consistent with his remarks at his press conference... He…
RT @steveliesman: Fed Chairman Jerome Powell had dinner Monday evening with President Trump. Dinner lasted about an hour and a half. 1/
@gordperks I am not kidding, councillor.
Trump SOTU guests include: family of couple killed by unauthorized immigrant; human trafficking investigator; survivors of Pittsburgh massacre; Alice Johnson; recovering opioid addict; re-hired sawmill employee; child cancer survivor; kid bullied for being named Joshua Trump.
I’ll do my best, but it won’t be as comprehensive as the live-tweeting during his campaign rallies. I have to file a news article before he finishes talking. https://t.co/8CIhI3dzLO
RT @JakeSherman: &gt;@FLOTUS is bringing a kid named Joshua Trump to the State of the Union. "Unfortunately, Joshua has been bullied in school…
RT @maggieNYT: NEWS: Building on ABC report about inaugural subpoena, federal prosecutors have now asked for a wide range of documents from…
RT @ktumulty: NEW: Purge of undocumented workers by the president’s company spreads to at least 5 Trump golf courses, from @partlowj and @f…
Trump tells a lot of lies. Last week, he made a true statement that is almost comically misleading: the U.S. lost manufacturing jobs under Obama. 		Here's the chart. The "Obama" decline happened during the free-fall-in-progress he encountered when he took office: https://t.co/TCxuXsNnTh
There is no evidence the border fence saved lives in El Paso. El Paso was a safe city for years, one of the safest US cities for violent crime, before the fencing went up in 2009. The fence had no measurable impact on violent crime. Data: https://t.co/YrKQ3CnD6x https://t.co/XF9EgmXFwU
@Nitemists Because this article is about Biden.
One interesting thing someone said: NH House Speaker Steve Shurtleff, who was part of Biden’s 2008 campaign, mused that “maybe he wouldn’t serve two terms as president,” just one for country-healing purposes. Age seems like it could be a real factor. (And yes, Sanders is older.)
Biden is getting closer to an announcement of some sort. He’s quite popular. Can he win a 2020 Democratic nomination as a 77-year-old white man with his record, pitching bipartisanship? Talked to supporters, skeptics, and former backers now moving on: https://t.co/RE9OjzmlXr
RT @jmartNYT: NEW: An extraordinary day turns chaotic as Fairfax suggests Northam is behind "a smear" aimed at blocking his ascent to the g…
RT @sahilkapur: Lindsey Graham tells Republicans to get behind Trump on a national emergency declaration for the wall or they'll be cut loo…
RT @ryanobles: NEW- a source inside this morning’s cabinet meeting tells me that Gov. @RalphNortham asked his cabinet for time to clear his…
@alysanmati Great job Alyshah.
Premier Ford's Ontario government urges PM Trudeau's Canadian government to lift its retaliatory tariffs on U.S. steel and aluminum; Trudeau's government says this would be "unilateral surrender": https://t.co/4hqZmkYvCU
RT @MollyMcKew: Am I the only one who finds it depressing that CSPAN is normalizing the daily caller? Isn't that what Sinclair is for? http…
RT @daveweigel: The problem with defining “the center” as “the point between the two parties” is that it’s not true and you shouldn’t do th…
RT @ddiamond: It’s the year 2019 — almost two decades after measles was officially eliminated in the U.S. — and yet the @Surgeon_General ha…
Utah: https://t.co/MajQiKX4Jy
In both Utah and Idaho, states where voters directly approved full-scale Medicaid expansion in November, Republican legislators are now attempting to impose conditions and cover fewer people. https://t.co/fQntNCxN9A
Here’s Trump’s public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don’t include all of a president’s activities.) https://t.co/u20lnmLtdt
@ekoreen Never mind
@ekoreen It seeeeems like we have had enough all-bench for the season
These stats don't tell us the citizenship of the defendants, or of their victims. But experts on trafficking would very much like people to know that this is very much a domestic American problem, not just a vicious-Mexican-guy problem.
Trump keeps lying that almost all human trafficking comes across the southern border. Most recent DOJ stats: "Most human-trafficking defendants charged in U.S. district court in 2015 were white (57%), followed by black (24%) and Hispanic defendants (17%)." https://t.co/4OyXsJCGWA https://t.co/lp2Dv8fqis
People ask me how previous presidents’ public schedules compare to Trump’s. They were generally somewhat more full. The real difference, though, is how they spent their time when they weren’t doing major meetings or public events.
“Trump, an early riser, usually spends the first 5 hours of the day in Executive Time.” An unsurprising but still-remarkable chart from Axios: https://t.co/6MDhsHSGIU https://t.co/QgzOTvfibP
RT @alexi: SCOOP: A White House source has leaked Trump’s private schedules to me for nearly every day for the last few months. POTUS has s…
RT @Nick_L_Miller: Trump says he doesn't trust the IC on Iran because they were wrong on Iraq. But the lesson of Iraq isn't that the IC is…
Via the Washington Post, here's what Trump said the day after Vontaze Burfict's brutal 2016 headshot on Antonio Brown. https://t.co/rL0QZSLLb6
RT @mj_lee: Harry Reid on Elizabeth Warren: “She’s a good person. I think the world of her. My Nevada politics keep me from publicly endors…
As Trump makes the African-American unemployment rate his chief defence against racism charges, it's worth looking at this chart. 		The African-American unemployment rate went from 13.7% in Obama's first full month to 7.7% when he left. It has gone from 7.7% to 6.8% under Trump. https://t.co/LmzGfr5rTK
Thirteen times as president, Trump has lied that the New York Times issued a public apology to him after the election. Here's what he said to the publisher of the Times. https://t.co/U9Ehrv5ZVu
I feel like Trump interviews could benefit from literally slowing down. One of his methods is literal fast-talking, speaking over questions and bombarding the audience with rapid incoherence that falls apart upon a moment of silence and a "hold on, let's focus on this for a sec."
@EricColumbus Thanks for flagging this.
Trump: "...President Obama never wanted to violate the red line in the sand. I was the one that actually violated the red line when I hit Syria with 59 Tomahawk missiles." He doesn't understand what the "red line" was and/or doesn't understand what "violate" means... https://t.co/j8QxcgXPzw
Trump: "I have intel people, but that doesn't mean I have to agree. President Bush had intel people that said Saddam Hussein...had all sorts of weapons of mass destruction. Guess what? Those intel people didn't know what the hell they were doing."
Trump sort of backed off his claim that Coats and Haspel's public testimony was mischaracterized: "They said they were mischaracterized. Maybe they were maybe they weren't, I don't really know."
Eight previous times, Trump inflated the US presence in South Korea from the high 20,000s to "32,000." This was the first time he made it "40,000." https://t.co/XFKTDtfj5K
Trump on keeping US troops in South Korea: "Yeah, I mean we haven't talked about anything else. Maybe someday. I mean who knows. But you know it's very expensive to keep troops there. You do know that. We have 40,000 troops in South Korea, it's very expensive." (It's 25,813.)
Trump on Kim Jong Un: "We have a fantastic chemistry. We have had tremendous correspondence that some people have seen and can't even believe it. They think it's historic."
Reminded more than 30 people have been charged in the Russia probe, Trump responded, "Excuse me. OK, you ready? OK, you ready? Of the 34 people, many of them were bloggers from Moscow or they were people that had nothing to do with me." (There were hackers, not bloggers.)
Here's the transcript of Trump's economy-focused answers to questions about race: https://t.co/B7Ego3YrJm
Brennan: GOP Sen. Tim Scott says you're racially insensitive.		Trump: "I have a great relationship with Tim," and "I think if you look at the numbers for African-American unemployment, best numbers they've had - literally the best numbers they've had in history."
Brennan: CBS poll shows 63% disapprove of how you handle race issues. 		Trump: "What has happened is very interesting. The economy is so good right now. You saw the jobs report just came out...the African-Americans have the best employment numbers in the history of our country."
Trump claimed that "a lot of people in the NFL have been calling and thanking me" for passing the criminal justice reform bill. Brennan: "Really?" Trump: "They have been calling and thanking."
Trump said he personally resolved by the NFL's ad-related dispute with Canada, saying, "And I said to Prime Minister Trudeau, who was very nice about it..." A Canadian government official tells me they do not recall Trump personally raising this topic with Trudeau.
Trump again tried to rewrite the history of the Mattis resignation, saying, contrary to everything that has been reported, that he actually fired Mattis and just did him the courtesy of letting him send that resignation letter: "He 'resigned' because I was very nice to him."
Trump reiterated his preference for having "acting" Cabinet officials rather than Senate-confirmed permanent officials, saying, "It's easier to make moves when they're acting." He added, "I like acting because I can move so quickly. It gives me more flexibility."
How quickly Trump went from "fake news" to OK fine that maybe happened: https://t.co/RF1SFUEAgG
Brennan mentioned McConnell talking to Pompeo about running for Senate in Kansas. Trump said, "That was fake news." When Brennan said again that it happened, Trump said, "Well, he may have spoken to him, but I think he loves being secretary of state."
Trump said he wants to keep troops in Iraq because "I want to be looking a little bit at Iran because Iran is a real problem." Brennan asked if he wants to be able to *strike* Iran; he said, "No, because I want to be able to watch Iran. All I want to do is be able to watch."
Trump reiterated his desire to withdraw from Afghanistan, saying it's time to end "endless wars." Brennan asked if it's harder for US intelligence without troops on the ground; he said, "We'll come back if we have to. We have very fast airplanes, we have very good cargo planes."
Trump, who at campaign rallies said the NFL has "become soft" for cracking down on violence to players' heads, told CBS's Brennan that he wouldn't steer his son toward football because it's so "dangerous." https://t.co/rMxvM006lc
CBS's Brennan asked Trump if he thinks Kaepernick and other players have a point about the police. Trump answered, "Well, you know, I'm the one that had passed judicial reform. And if you look at what I did, criminal judicial reform, and what I've done - President Obama tried."
Follow the bouncing terminated https://t.co/ewFplsSeG7
How is this real https://t.co/jDHQGTrkdB
RT @jmartNYT: FINAL WRITE-THRU: Northam defies calls to resign, plunging Virginia into turmoil and infuriating national Democrats. 		From R…
RT @davidenrich: Exclusive: During the 2016 campaign, @realDonaldTrump asked to borrow millions of dollars from @DeutscheBank. The loan req…
@TheTedAllen Thanks Ted!
@GayGoodenough Now!
@DebResists 3 minutes!
Going on MSNBC to talk about some (some) of Trump’s lying this week
He’s going with the “that wasn’t me in blackface, but I was in blackface that other time” defence. https://t.co/BAzIrEmFSJ
RT @sahilkapur: Ralph Northam, asked if he can still moonwalk, looks at the space around him and briefly considers it before his wife tells…
RT @BuzzFeedNews: Virginia Governor Northam brings up “vivid” memories of “other mistakes” as evidence for his claim he’s not in the racist…
RT @jameshohmann: Surreal: Ralph Northam asks for "patience" from Virginians as he launches an "investigation" that he says will include us…
RT @DanLamothe: New wrinkle: Not only has Trump re-submitted Rear Adm. Ronny Jackson's name to pin on a second star in promotion, he's sele…
RT @scottwongDC: NORTHAM REFUSING TO RESIGN, Virginia Democrats say. They are demanding he step aside https://t.co/5PqHZUltlA
A thing Trump does when he is asked a question that includes a factual premise he doesn't like or is planning to deny: say "excuse me" in an aggrieved tone and talk over the person. https://t.co/7pAKbQVWNq
RT @JTHVerhovek: The Dem caucus in the VA House of Delegates is calling on Governor Ralph Northam to resign		"We regret to say that we are…
RT @nycsouthpaw: Sen. Kaine's statement includes no call to resign. https://t.co/ZQchmq6PCd
At a White House roundtable, Kellyanne Conway brought up the big fentanyl seizure at a port of entry as evidence that a wall is needed. Her argument: "Yes, through a port of entry, but that’s what we know about.  It's all the things, as you hear here, that we don’t know about." https://t.co/ire13eNHyx
RT @yashar: 1. Scoop: Chuck Schumer's longtime communications director Matt House was forced out last November after it was revealed that h…
Trump has nothing on his public schedule for tomorrow in Florida. Here's his public schedule for Sunday. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/9AD22emamP
https://t.co/oDPXc3s3AZ
RT @AsteadWesley: NEW: Just got a statement from @ewarren on Northam:		"These racist images are deeply disturbing. Hatred and discriminatio…
RT @mirjordan: EXCLUSIVE: Undocumented workers at yet another Trump golf club lose their jobs as his company scrambles to contain the fallo…
@haselcheck @TorontoStar @vmsalama Hey Randy. As you may be aware, Rob Ford explicitly admitted that he made up his claim that I was in his backyard or doing anything wrong, and he apologized to me and retracted the claim. Here's the full apology, and an excerpt: https://t.co/zvoHaDdIa5 https://t.co/4PpaQ7HCGv
RT @KamalaHarris: Leaders are called to a higher standard, and the stain of racism should have no place in the halls of government. The Gov…
Since the new NAFTA hasn't come into effect, Canadians can still get the fancy U.S. ads this year on CBS. TSN, CTV and CTV2 will be showing regular ole ads. This is my last tweet about Super Bowl ads. https://t.co/2bHkUHujek
RT @DerrickNAACP: Black face in any manner is always racist and never okay. No matter the party affiliation, we can not stand for such beha…
@BeantownCanuck yep yep.
Actually, the Trump change means Canadians *won’t* get American Super Bowl ads. The NFL wants to sell Canadian rights for a lot of money, so wants Canadians watching Canadian channels with Canadian ads rather than flipping to CBS for the fancy ads. https://t.co/OqOHQoXkDu
@RichardDCarter Goodell did care about this. The NFL was aggressively lobbying over it.
@avemaria412 Uhhh, I do? Me?
RT @NYTnickc: First Democratic presidential candidate to call for Northam to resign --&gt; https://t.co/2NFuWvPYwO
Man. Trump said today at his human trafficking meeting, "Human trafficking by airplane is almost impossible." It's so common that airport and airline workers are being trained in how to spot it. There are posters in the Vegas airport. https://t.co/Tnzy2bdkOz
@Noahbierman Yeah, he's suggested that on a few occasions too, while also suggesting he resolved it himself in two seconds.
For example, the Trump administration's 2017 human trafficking report said "DOJ’s grantees reported that 66 percent of clients served during the reporting period were U.S. citizens or LPRs (lawful permanent residents)." https://t.co/iGLMeRvLQC https://t.co/aWU6PGiLHa
This is another major lie from Trump about human trafficking. No expert would say "almost all" human trafficking comes over the southern border. Experts emphasize that a large percentage of victims are U.S. citizens, trafficked within the United States. https://t.co/X06VyP734N
It is not clear how much of a role, if any, Trump had in the negotiations on this issue, which he has sometimes suggested he personally resolved in "two seconds." A Canadian government source says they are not aware of Trump raising it with the Canadians.
The issue of Canada's Super Bowl ads was one of the very weirdest parts of the NAFTA talks. As the LA Times reported, its resolution -- and, specifically, Goodell supposedly praising Trump over this -- seems to be responsible for Trump warming to the NFL: https://t.co/otDlK0OE2X
RT @NYTnickc: First progressive group @MoveOn, and now the leader of the biggest Dem super PAC both calling for Northam to resign https://t…
RT @jaketapper: Statement from Gov ⁦@RalphNortham⁩: https://t.co/cihpniZ92A
RT @igorbobic: MoveOn calling for resignation https://t.co/cX1eI5HViT
RT @jameshohmann: One Northam ally, Senate Minority Leader Richard L. Saslaw (D-Fairfax) is defending the governor after the emergence of t…
Next in line to be governor of Virginia: a Black man who protests tributes to Robert E. Lee. https://t.co/PSeIraS5fg
RT @OKnox: Somewhere, a spokesperson is being bombarded with the question "so is he the klansman or the dude in blackface?" https://t.co/9d…
@medicalpoke @austincorona1 No
And it's a medical school yearbook when he was in his mid-20s, so the "I was an idiot teenager" defence is not available. https://t.co/tiLmG4bwlB
@Kenien @heartisallihave No, I'm saying it's not "even" a high school yearbook, so the "I was an idiot teenager" defence is not available. I'm going to delete to avoid misinterpretation.
No, I'm saying it's not "even" a high school yearbook, so the "I was an idiot teenager" defence is not available. https://t.co/zLbyjjrAFK
@andreahuncar @edmontonpolice I got named police chief?
The State of the Union: an annual speech in which Donald Trump uses lofty phrases that sound nothing like Donald Trump, gets praised for doing so, and reverts to sounding like Donald Trump within 48 hours. https://t.co/sIcvB5ekLt
IN SUMMARY: "Medicare for all" can mean a lot of things, but even "single-payer" can mean a lot of things.
But, in reality, it'd be very expensive to create a US system that covers all of that stuff -- Vermont found it too expensive and gave up -- and it's easy to see the list getting shrunken by cost-wary legislators. Sanders has left the door open to private coverage filling gaps.
So the thing is...if Sanders's plan was implemented as is, private supplemental coverage would seem unnecessary. He's proposing to cover vision, dental, mental, medications and more; lots of stuff Canadians aren't covered for/have limited coverage for. 1/2 https://t.co/nxYGNhklF3
RT @mviser: Here's the full exchange from Cory Booker 		Q: Would you do away with private health care?		A: Even countries that have vast ac…
@joshtpm @SamMaverick36 I'm not sure, but Vox reported: "It would bar employers from offering separate plans that compete with this new, government-run option."
@SamMaverick36 @joshtpm No worries. Basically it says you can't have private insurance for your main health care. But if there are things that the single-payer system doesn't cover, private insurance can cover those.
@oclsc I actually meant to say "dental services" and just messed it up.
@SamMaverick36 @joshtpm No it doesn't. Not supplemental insurance. It explicitly allows supplemental insurance.
(This should say "vision, dental services or prescription drugs." Dental isn't covered in Ontario; Sanders proposes to cover it.) https://t.co/uCjiWcoNzE
@NoJob1263 Sorry, I meant to write "dental" but messed up the tweet
Sanders's single-payer plan is so comprehensive in coverage that, if implemented as envisioned, there'd be a more limited need for supplemental insurance than there is in Canada. But it's not contradictory to support "Medicare for all" and say private insurance would exist. /end
In Ontario, for example, we're all on the Ontario government health plan, OHIP. But it generally doesn't cover vision, services or prescription drugs, so I get that coverage privately through my employer.
Booker has cosponsored Sanders' "Medicare for all" bill, which is for a single-payer system with everyone on public insurance. How he can possibly finesse those two: the bill allows people to buy supplemental private insurance for things not covered. https://t.co/gqz28rOrHX
Asked if his Kim summit will be in Da Nang, Trump took another shot at Blumenthal: "Geeee, Da Nang, who does Da Nang remind me of, huh? Certain senator...said he was a war hero..." Blumenthal falsely said he was in Vietnam, never said he was a war hero, never mentioned Da Nang.
Trump has made El Paso his chief example of how walls reduce crime, but much of what he's saying is wrong. Here's a thorough fact-check: https://t.co/YrKQ3CnD6x https://t.co/UXbP8NaFdN
Trump on Pelosi saying his INF move risks a new arms race: "I don't think Nancy has a clue." He adds, "She doesn't have - she doesn't know." And he says, "It's all rhetorical. Not delivered well."
MILESTONE: Trump just lied about the trade deficit with China for the 100th time as president. "We lost $500 billion a year with China for many years," he says, and there has never once been a $500 billion trade deficit with China, and one day I will not tweet about this.
Since Trump is doing so many immigration meetings, it would be great if someone could once ask him about @Fahrenthold's reporting about his business employing unauthorized immigrants.
Trump, pressed again, says there's a good chance he'll have to declare an emergency, but he's building the wall regardless. https://t.co/H2T5TxXmTu
Trump is suddenly sanguine today about the wall. Asked about a national emergency declaration, he says, "We are doing things right now. We're building it with funds that are on hand." (There's funding for a little new fencing.) He adds, "We're doing it regardless."
Trump repeats his conspiracy theory about Honduras and migrant caravans, for which I've seen no evidence: "They want to not have certain people in their country. So what do they do? They put them in the caravan."
Trump on Twitter yesterday after watching Lou Dobbs: "Very sadly, Murder cases in Mexico in 2018 rose 33% from 2017, to 33,341." 		Trump today: "38,000 people were murdered in Mexico."
Trump: "It's very hard to do human trafficking through ports of entry," since border guards say "what's going on in the trunk?" Experts on trafficking say victims are extremely rarely, if ever, brought over in trunks; many cross willingly after being deceived, some on visas.
Trump: "You know the old expression: walls work, whether you like it or not."
Trump lies, again, that San Diego was "begging" him to build a wall. Even its Republican mayor is opposed to his wall.
Trump says, as always with no evidence, that there are many Democrats who want a wall, and he can tell even though they don't say this out loud. He can see, he says, that "they're just dyin' to say what they want to say."
Trump again falsely claims that El Paso was "one of the most dangerous cities in the whole country" before its fencing was built. Though Texas's Republican AG told him this, it's wrong. El Paso had below-average crime for a city its size pre-fence.
Trump says the wall under construction these days (replacement fencing) is "much better-looking" than previous wall. Previous wall, he says, was "not very attractive."
RT @AsteadWesley: NEW: Elizabeth Warren called the chief of the Cherokee Nation yesterday and apologized for "causing confusion on tribal s…
RT @JoshNBCNews: Elizabeth Warren has apologized to the Cherokee Nation for the DNA test, @aseitzwald confirms
Per pool, Trump started his White House meeting on human trafficking by lying about human trafficking, saying traffickers can't use legal ports of entry (they regularly do) because they have people "bound up" for the crossing (experts say very rarely at most, possibly never).
The biggest factor, though, was flattery: as the article discusses, Goodell apparently called Trump to thank him for getting this ad issue with Canada resolved. Trump has repeatedly expressed delight that Goodell gave him such credit. https://t.co/6OoCegwgJx
RT @jonathanchait: Trump spikes the football because Donald Jr.'s phone call was not to him.		But look who who Junior did call. https://t.c…
RT @katherinemiller: Sounds good and cool here https://t.co/Jhcrov6En7 https://t.co/lxAIPRdkDM
RT @rabrowne75: NATO:”The United States is suspending its obligations under the INF Treaty in response to Russia’s material breach...Allies…
RT @John_Hudson: "It’s not just the White House: At Pentagon and State Dept., the press is out in the cold, too." This story includes some…
.@JStein_WaPo is doing some helpful reporting on the Democratic candidates' early policy platforms. https://t.co/Tk0FD1Keex
Challenged on his anti-media rhetoric by the publisher of the NYT, Trump said four times that he is "entitled" to a positive story in the NYT: https://t.co/uRQFYFIMjG https://t.co/XauIqUjDN6
Trump to the NYT on China Vice-Premier Liu He: "The man from China, the vice — the second man in China, essentially, they call him the vice premier, like the vice president, but he’s the second man, strong second man. He made the nicest statements today." https://t.co/uRQFYFIMjG
Trump on foreign officials staying at his hotel: "This job is from an economic — you know, I get a kick out of these people saying “Oh, a rich Arab stayed at his hotel,'...I’ll bet you between opportunity cost and actual cost...I lost massive amounts of money doing this job."
Trump's written statement on suspending the U.S. commitment to the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty: https://t.co/zvGYivk4GY
RT @JenniferJJacobs: National security news of the day: Trump is going to suspend US obligations under the INF, a 1987 pact with the ex Sov…
.@peterbakernyt tries to get Trump to explain the apparent inconsistency in his views on how to deal with different countries: https://t.co/ikrqirUFBn
RT @byHeatherLong: More clarification from BLS: 	The #shutdown had no impact on January's stellar job gains of 304,000	BUT it did impact th…
RT @byHeatherLong: BREAKING: US economy added   304,000 jobs in January, blowing out expectations. Shutdown had no impact, BLS said.	Unempl…
RT @Neil_Irwin: Yet another blockbuster jobs number. +304k payrolls. This labor market is a freight train.
Trump rewrites the history of the Mattis resignation, saying, contrary to everything that's been reported, that he had already told Mattis "it's time," and that Mattis chose his resignation-letter language to echo Trump's own language in sorta firing him: https://t.co/JUAtGL6wE2
Trump’s other comment about Trump Tower Moscow: “I didn’t care. That deal was not important.” https://t.co/0QdjpaBezq
Trump lies that “trucks of drugs” are not brought through legal ports of entry, claiming this is just something “Democrats say.” It’s what his Drug Enforcement Administration says, and what we heard at the El Chapo trial. It’s fact. https://t.co/BveBXXoRh2
In his first public comments about Kamala Harris’s candidacy, Trump praises her campaign launch while calling her “Kameela”: https://t.co/rRUQBmODwP
You should be increasingly skeptical that Haspel and Coats told him what he says they told him: he put a “sir” in the story. https://t.co/cfCDaycE6o
Good comedy: Trump tells the NYT that past presidents had only artificial accomplishments, unlike his, like him passing Veterans Choice. 		Veterans Choice was created in 2014 under Obama. https://t.co/JJC8VhCD7s
Trump makes a new claim about Trump Tower Moscow: he wasn’t lying when he said he wasn’t doing business with Russia because that wasn’t business, just a “free” letter of intent to do business. https://t.co/UHg53H0cVB
Twice, Trump lies to @maggieNYT, and she corrects him, and then he just admits he was wrong. This happens a lot: when he’s challenged, he just concedes. https://t.co/GcKXwOAhOI
Trump’s interview with the NYT is somethin’. A thread with some excerpts: https://t.co/JWYsintrf4
RT @nprpolitics: Breaking: Sen. Cory Booker is running for president https://t.co/NleiHlgr0R
Here's Trump's public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/vhh0jKH8V5
RT @sahilkapur: House Democrats’ opening salvo on obtaining Trump’s tax return will be a Ways &amp; Means subcommittee hearing into the matter…
It's possible Coats and Haspel did try to convince Trump that the reporting of their televised testimony was "fake," but Trump is an exceptionally unreliable recounter of what people told him behind closed doors. https://t.co/Wc9rke0HDz
RT @W7VOA: US negotiators say they were surprised by "five million tons" of soybeans daily purchase announcement by #China Vice Premier Liu…
RT @ryanstruyk: White House statement: "President Donald J. Trump has reiterated that the 90-day process agreed to in Buenos Aires represen…
Yes, that is my point here: he said he didn't see the report, then immediately said that "when you read it," it's different than how it is portrayed. (Note: this is a public report everyone can read.) https://t.co/HqsHOlJajA
This is a thing Trump said today: "So I didn't see the report from the intelligence. When you read it, it's a lot different than it was covered on in the news."
RT @Yamiche: President Trump then suggested	 that reporters call Haspel and Coats: “They said it was Fake News.”	(Note: Both Haspel and Coa…
@netw3rk I am so sorry for you and you alone
@svdate Yep, in October 2017 https://t.co/aX2RlSEsa6
Though he omitted the duct tape this time, Trump turned his lie about how human trafficking works -- "you can't bring women or children through a port of entry" -- into a whole White House-produced video. (Link might not work because of my blockedness: https://t.co/y0yzPVoV5h) https://t.co/BJV6jKcgrx
Donald “Fact-Stater” Trump https://t.co/cuXLOMlNRz
Meanwhile, Democrats who authorized some new fencing for 2018, along with a bunch of replacement fencing, are now saying they’ll also reject new non-concrete barriers, since that counts as Wall.
The Wall used to be, roughly, a giant, concrete, new barrier. But now Trump has started saying: a) Replacement fences are also his Wall, and b) New fences are also his Wall.
Claims about The Wall have gotten harder to fact-check in the last month. Both sides have shifted in what they consider “wall,” taking cues from Trump’s shifts. https://t.co/VEmjenjUKZ
This is one of the cases where it’s not totally clear to me if he’s intentionally deceiving people or just does not understand how things work. https://t.co/XYTumtc16O
RT @markknoller: If Congressional negotiators don't produce agreement that includes funding for a border wall, Pres Trump says he won't eve…
RT @DavidLauter: Trump spins out a long tale about how he built a wall on the border in CA, and "as soon as it was finished," Democrats dec…
This is the fourth time Trump has falsely claimed that Michelle Obama campaigned for Stacey Abrams. She did not do that. (The three previous times, Trump went so far as to say Michelle went to Georgia to do this campaigning.) https://t.co/cUYxv1gZ1W
RT @radleybalko: Arpaio once sent 40 SWAT cops, a bomb robot, K9 units, and Steven Seagal to arrest a man suspected of cockfighting. Seagal…
RT @BenjySarlin: Bernie Sanders proposes a massive estate tax increase on billionaires days after Warren proposes a new wealth tax on billi…
RT @stevenportnoy: "There's not going to be any wall money in the legislation," @SpeakerPelosi says of what will come out of the conference…
He complained to the Caller that he's getting "no credit" for this: "Tax cuts, regulation cuts by far the most that anybody’s ever got, biggest tax cuts. And that’s why you look at the market — we just hit over 25,000. We’re back where we were, right?" https://t.co/E2ej5geZKl
@dannychau One thing - the Raps played once on Christmas day, in 2001 - https://t.co/KQcyFNg1RM
@dannychau @BlakeMurphyODC yesss
RT @brianbeutler: Crazy thread, great work. https://t.co/tiBRAJZRiy
RT @GarrettHaake: This is EXACTLY the kind of thing Republicans have been crossing their fingers the president wouldn’t do or say during sp…
RT @peterbakernyt: Facing a challenge to his reign, Venezuela's Maduro has hit back hard, sending security forces to crush dissent in deadl…
RT @JStein_WaPo: SCOOP: @BernieSanders will today introduce a big new estate tax plan -- the “For the 99.8% Act" -- with a:		-- 77% rate on…
The president on January 10, the president on January 11, the president today. https://t.co/zrhoOxNVTM
RT @MattGertz: In which the president of the United States begins his day by live-tweeting the previous night's Fox lineup.		Left, Lou Dobb…
@AztecPatch I hear you, for sure.
@AztecPatch I have been unreserved in my bashing of the Daily Caller. If the president is going to give them exclusive interviews, I’m occasionally going to have to provide links to them.
@teeboneMike7 There was a battle over Super Bowl commercials, which was settled in the new NAFTA
Trump on the bad call: “I feel badly, it was a great state that voted for me, Louisiana.”		Trump on the Pats: “Belichick endorsed me, you remember that?” 		Trump on Goodell: “I was very pleased that he called me to thank me for helping him with Canada.” https://t.co/yOtlyBoDL1
@sabrod123 “No”
Here’s Trump’s public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don’t include all of a president’s activities.) https://t.co/4rVUdhIgei
Hard-hitting stuff right here https://t.co/anxK0HJ6rx
The social media behaviour of this senior federal housing official, a former employee of the president's children, continues to be...unique. https://t.co/c4RkgxLTN3
Trump sat down with the Daily Caller again: https://t.co/ipEtE44Mqb
RT @JenniferJJacobs: Scoop: Trump interviewed Heidi Cruz for a job this week.		Cruz, wife of Ted Cruz, met in Oval with Trump about the Wor…
There's another bipartisan bill to require Trump to get congressional approval for any "national security" tariffs, including the ones he has already imposed. A similar proposal last year went nowhere in the McConnell Senate. https://t.co/OXjgR1o1sB
Senior Republicans (yesterday Brady, today Grassley) are calling on Trump to drop the steel and aluminum tariffs on Canada and Mexico before Congress considers the new NAFTA deal: https://t.co/hVIrX8VVF5. Brady said many members won't consider the deal before that happens.
@GerardoRitchey @jbendery According to the transcript @jbendery just sent me, she did mention pharma too.
@HelenAn29146628 Yes.
2) The deal still needs improvement, and "no matter how good it is, if it doesn't have enforcement, it's just a conversation." Pelosi added: "But I think ‑‑ I mean, I voted for NAFTA the first time, and I can just tell you, I can still feel the heat."
Via HuffPost's @jbendery, Pelosi told her and others that Dems' "concerns fall into the area of workers, environment, and some concerns about pharmaceuticals." She said: 1) It's been "lower-key" than other trade fights, and Lighthizer has been "very attentive" to their concerns.
.@jbendery says Pelosi told a small group of reporters that the debate over the new NAFTA is "not as contentious" as some other trade fights, though she repeated her previous demand for stronger enforcement provisions on labour and the environment: https://t.co/Ke61yNDOhu
@Dewd55 @AtreiyaN7 It’s not considered a treaty. Has to pass both House and Senate.
@jbendery Oh thanks - I hadn’t seen the “not as contentious” comments.
I spoke to Canada's chief negotiator from the original NAFTA, who says the hardest part of those negotiations "was a part that wasn’t even supposed to be part of the negotiations" - it was dealing with US Congress's implementation "shenanigans." In summary, a long way to go here.
Some history: HW Bush signed NAFTA in '92; Clinton said he'd grant final approval only with new labour and enviro provisions added; when he took office in '93, there were months of tough additional negotiations with CA and MEX. Very possible we see more talks on Trump's deal too.
Pelosi hasn't spoken definitively about timing. A senior Dem aide says members of the caucus are still getting educated on the agreement, and "the timing will depend on that process." One expert: “What is the incentive for Nancy Pelosi to put this up on the floor of the House?”
The approval process for the revised NAFTA agreement been delayed by the government shutdown. Pelosi's Democrats might delay it a whole lot longer, conceivably even into the next presidential term: https://t.co/fKiEDB0Atw
RT @michelleinbklyn: This piece that Howard Schultz tweeted out as a "thoughtful analysis" describes Kamala Harris as "shrill" for her ques…
RT @yowflier: Canada is reducing its embassy personnel in Havana to provide essential functions only, some 16 months after Washington made…
RT @yowflier: Another diplomat serving in Havana has been hit by the mysterious health symptoms, bringing to 14 the number of those affecte…
@DAMasiello @Geekamaniac My number is for Trump’s false claims, the Post’s is for “false and misleading” claims. Some of the “misleading” claims are true.
RT @IsaacDovere: the governor of Montana (and potential 2020 candidate) knew that an aide had been fired for sexual harassment, but he deci…
RT @dylanlscott: this @sahilkapur piece about the Medicare-for-all long game is really good		https://t.co/Gm7bQp0PaD		I was mildly surprise…
RT @mviser: This story from @annafifield about the man trying to translate Trump into Chinese, one tweet at a time, is just delightful. htt…
Kamala Harris’s campaign tells WaPo she misheard the question and misspoke when she gave an inaccurate answer to a Tapper question at her CNN town hall: https://t.co/ADfoJqgWyc
Yes: I did the first study of Trump's dishonesty density, in July: https://t.co/Vwp8zvyagn. I can't do it weekly or monthly because it takes a long time, but I showed he got more dishonest *per word*, not just in total, from 2017 to mid-2018. https://t.co/FPvkvoRbjq
Notable Trump lies/false claims last week:	- Grocery stores gave special treatment to unpaid federal workers	- 58,000 people voted illegally in Texas	- Human traffickers don't use legal ports of entry (women, duct tape, etc.)	- "Almost all" Dems are now saying "walls are good"
Trump is now up to 4,238 false claims for his presidency, 5.7 per day. Here's the complete list of false claims, fact-checked: https://t.co/tUlVsaIQoY
Here's the updated week-by-week chart of Trump's false claims, from @EdTubb: https://t.co/PFHmdx8Opv
A quiet week! Trump made a mere 28 false claims last week, about half his 2018 average. (He spoke for only 42 minutes, down from a 2018 average of about 2.5 hours.) https://t.co/H70lPQEdh1
RT @SteveKopack: Foxconn promised to hire 13,000 workers at its Wisconsin plant in the works and that was announced at the White House, wit…
RT @bradleyrsimpson: As a historian of US foreign relations, I can honestly say that that has never been anything like this before: a Presi…
The president mocks his own intelligence chiefs, demands different conclusions from the intelligence community. https://t.co/rjjhhLMcUK
https://t.co/rpEIW3G1oq
RT @APCentralRegion: "We received a call from the state saying we should put things on hold." Texas officials appear to backpedal from last…
An unusually out-of-sight Trump week so far. His Monday schedule was lunch with Pence (he later made an unscheduled visit to Pence’s PAC event down the street). Today’s had nothing on it. Tomorrow’s has only the intelligence briefing.
Here’s Trump’s public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don’t include all of a president’s activities.) https://t.co/cwCK5SafCO
@ishaantharoor I honestly feel I don’t deserve this happiness. You can’t just waltz into fandom and get this season. It’s so unearned
@ishaantharoor I became an intense LFC fan after one hour of August "which team should I suddenly become an intense fan of" research, and it's been so much fun, but now I'm prepared for my first LFC devastation
@adamslily @KamalaHarris Nevermind, just saw.
@adamslily @KamalaHarris Do you know how many people?
Fourteen hours in the U.S. government, 2019 https://t.co/1Q8rCBo33P
RT @TorontoStar: #Breaking: Accused serial killer Bruce McArthur has officially pleaded guilty to first-degree murder in the deaths of eigh…
RT @kaitlancollins: Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats says that while North Korea has “halted its provocative behavior related to…
@jeffryg Ha. I don't think Schlapp was meaning to criticize Trump either. It just wasn't entirely positive about the situation.
@jeffryg ...he omitted the entire sentence that was unfavourable to him
Left: Trump tweet quoting Matt Schlapp	Right: What Schlapp actually said on Fox News https://t.co/iHKVQ75DLt
Fun talking to pal @jayme_poisson: https://t.co/Y02AoUc0Hn
The challenge for Trump isn't just the low approval, it's the intensity of the disapproval. https://t.co/0nV0LQiEIh
@MisterX @POTUS44_45 Oh yeah, no doubt.
For the people who ask me to post Obama's daily public schedules to compare them to Trump's: I don't plan on doing that, but here's a Twitter account that does. @POTUS44_45 https://t.co/TRWPC4oRwp
RT @josh_wingrove: The U.S. has formally filed its full extradition request for Huawei's CFO, per a spokesman for Canada's justice departme…
RT @PeterSullivan4: Kamala Harris asked by Jake Tapper, what about people who like their current health insurance. They don't get to keep i…
RT @maggieNYT: Trump told the crowd at the Trump Hotel tonight fundraiser that he was trying to get Howard Schultz into the race with his t…
There are a lot of cases like this — where Trump can’t even tell the truth when the truth is in his favour. Truth is rarely sufficient for him.
Trump’s lies about Blumenthal are among his Trumpiest lies. Blumenthal himself lied, or at least deceived, by saying he served in Vietnam; Trump could just hammer him with that truth; instead, he has lyingly invented a whole series of lies he falsely claims Blumenthal uttered.
Tears Alert! Blumenthal never claimed he was in Da Nang or was a war hero, just, falsely, that he was in Vietnam when he actually served in the reserves stateside - and he was never seen crying when he made his admission. https://t.co/b4kgtcbVeC
Trump’s climate-trolling is such obvious outrage bait that you almost want to ignore it, but it’s also self-provided evidence of one of the most significant ignorance crises of his presidency, so I dunno. https://t.co/oK5qGic5Dh
RT @RiegerReport: DAWSEY: Can you explain why the president...employed so many undocumented immigrants at his clubs for years and didn’t do…
Almost every time Trump talks about the estate tax, he lies that he's already eliminated it. "We got rid of it, folks," he told the American Farm Bureau convention two weeks ago. https://t.co/DHEUaIKvPN
Trump’s public schedule for today was blank except for his regular Monday lunch with Pence. Tonight he’s attending an event that wasn’t on his schedule - at his hotel near the White House. The event is being held by Pence’s PAC, which keeps spending money at the hotel.
Trump’s public schedule for tomorrow is blank. (Public schedules don’t include all of a president’s activities.) https://t.co/KpGKl4kR0M
RT @maxwellstrachan: Andrew Ross Sorkin asks Howard Schultz if he would drop out should the polls show he would increase Trump's odds of ge…
@Jeaniebonotex @jenniedale24 hahaha
@Jeaniebonotex @jenniedale24 Are you trying to fact-check my mom?
RT @Kevinliptakcnn: White House spokesman's explanation for Bolton's "5,000 troops to Colombia" memo on his legal pad: "As the President ha…
RT @nycsouthpaw: In other words, it looked like anything but a considered disclosure that he had circulated internally and gotten Rosenstei…
RT @nycsouthpaw: The context of Whitaker's remarks was his first ever press conference on a wholly different subject, at which he was, shal…
RT @nycsouthpaw: “5,000 troops to Colombia” -Bolton’s yellow pad https://t.co/pvxJUayvlD
RT @chrisgeidner: This is going to be WAY overplayed. Listen to his words: They're vague, and hedging, and his opinion. https://t.co/1SZ3ot…
Here is the president’s large-signatured State of the Union acceptance letter. https://t.co/mCDFnEj8wQ
RT @DevlinBarrett: AG Whitaker: the Mueller investigation is "close to being completed."
RT @TorontoStar: #Breaking: U.S. lays charges against Huawei exec Meng Wanzhou, seeks her extradition from Canada.	https://t.co/qjqIqN9tdT
Going on MSNBC with @NicolleDWallace
RT @joannachiu: THREAD: On how I got the exclusive interview yesterday with Canadian ambassador to China #JohnMcCallum at a dim sum restaur…
The White House has moved the Sanders briefing to 3:30 PM.
Added to the schedule: "Press Secretary Sarah Sanders will give an on camera briefing at 3:00PM."
RT @matthewamiller: The timing of this lunch is really interesting: 12:30 pm on Feb. 14, according to Trump's public sked. It's later that…
@byrdinator Wooooo Haley!!! That is awesome.
Trump biographer Michael D'Antonio, who Trump called a "third rate conman" and said interviewed him "many years ago for just a short period of time," says he interviewed Trump five times in 2014 over eight hours. He added: https://t.co/4AmyEulDDg
Here are Trump's thoughts on how doctors and mechanics are different: https://t.co/akRDMeq1Yo
RT @AdamSerwer: 100 percent of deaths from homegrown extremism in 2018 were from people with ties to right wing extremists. And yet... http…
Tears Alert! From @jdawsey1: https://t.co/f64YTVVuUG https://t.co/UGUazyKVkW
From @jdawsey1 https://t.co/f64YTVVuUG https://t.co/yCn1n12ZcY
Also note that these are mere bills at this point. Trump made it sound as if it was a done deal. https://t.co/nQxe9oGg7P
RT @scottlincicome: "totally revived" https://t.co/4WqsYedF1K
@tsnjamesduthie @jenniedale24 Does he make pars? I’ve seen no evidence of this.
Texts from @jenniedale24 https://t.co/MvJUdIXmIb
Here’s Trump’s public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don’t include all of a president’s activities.) https://t.co/tSg6zmNLVe
Harris is now live on MSNBC, CNN and Fox. I was just giving people a sure way to watch. https://t.co/dZD95tLGJ8
It's on CSPAN and the CSPAN website. https://t.co/ME1i9KNxGR https://t.co/bsny5jbeNe
.@MaeveReston, @mollyhc, @gdebenedetti and @awzurcher	are among the people covering Harris's kickoff rally: https://t.co/3cE4ioLTtZ
RT @MazMHussain: “Witnesses told investigators that Gallagher boasted of killing up to 200 people during the 2017 deployment. Another witne…
The emphasis this morning has been on Trump joining in on other Republicans’ misdescribing of the Texas data, but the California claim remains just total nonsense, a lie he conjured post-election to explain why he lost the popular vote. https://t.co/hPWYq4cw1g
Oh true, good eye: OAN said there are 25 million “total aliens,” which includes some legal immigrants (or should). Trump made it 25 million “illegal aliens.” https://t.co/crh6qxZ59a
@snlester @chip_roh How likely do you think it is that the approval process gets delayed/dragged into the next presidential term?
Maybe a clue: One America News, the fawning pro-Trump TV channel, also ran some extremely specific numbers this week, including an estimate of 25 million-plus illegal immigrants and an $18 billion-plus cost this year. https://t.co/XQfnHfxbco https://t.co/FFqcMFjMPm
Does anyone know what the source of these extremely specific numbers is, or if there is a source? (He says “DHS,” but DHS estimated in December 2018 that there were 12 million illegal immigrants in the US as of 2015, not 25,772,342.) https://t.co/8vK9M5ntLJ
RT @jaketapper: This is not true. 		Read the facts here, from @TexasTribune: 		https://t.co/GPQHqFu9UM https://t.co/yUnMpL203s
https://t.co/vC6tLPsLIV
“Apparently on behalf of the office of Customs and Border Protection commissioner Kevin McAleenan,” @DLind says. Repeat issue: the federal government springs into action to try to substantiate Trump’s nonsense. https://t.co/l144msAqoJ
(Deleted the previous version of this tweet to fix a typo in one of the transcripts.)
Which way human traffickers turn, according to President Donald Trump. https://t.co/lkHbgvW76m
RT @Fahrenthold: Photo is from 2016: club housekeeper setting up for Trump campaign event. 	She is undocumented. She was just fired. https:…
RT @Fahrenthold: NEW: @realdonaldtrump’s biz has abruptly begun firing its longtime undocumented workers. 12 fired @ just 1 golf club https…
@DoctorDNA2 Thank you very much.
@DoctorDNA2 To be fair, I'm just tweeting an article from the American press!
The pile of cash? Seized from the Texas home of a guy who overstayed his visa. The drugs? Seized at a legal port of entry. The guns? Some seized, in 2016, from a car *heading from the U.S. to Mexico*, some seized at a Texas traffic stop, origin unknown. https://t.co/ulqcSnzA6E
RT @TondaMacC: ⁦@JustinTrudeau⁩ fires McCallum as his Chinese ambassador after a terrible week for the government on this file. Trudeau's s…
RT @StevenTDennis: 1. Democrats offered every day to open the government with a CR for 35 days. Trump said no.	2. On Day 35, Trump said OK.…
RT @joannachiu: #EXCLUSIVE: It would be ‘great for Canada’ if U.S. drops extradition request for #Huawei’s #MengWanzhou, Canadian ambassado…
RT @JonathanTamari: Senate just approved the funding bill to Feb. 15. Voice vote.
RT @DLind: Seriously, this is the Trump administration on immigration in a nutshell. The president just gave a speech on the border that wi…
Difference between the Breitbart and Fox wings of the pro-Trump media: Breitbart pushes Trump to adopt particular positions, Fox people adopt whatever positions Trump is pushing. https://t.co/0yikhrzUlZ
The Democrats are named Jim. They do not have last names. They are big, strong Democrats who never cried in their lives, not even when they were babies, but cried when they made these calls to the White House.. https://t.co/TJetxke0nW
Asked if she can assure the public all this won't happen again in February, Pelosi says, “I can’t assure the public on anything the president will do. But I do have to say I’m optimistic.”
Pelosi says the State of the Union has not been settled. She said she told Trump they could talk about it when the government was open, and they'll do that.
Trump is now adding to the long speech he just gave... https://t.co/duIlYqQJDl
Pelosi: “It’s sad, though, that it’s taken this long to come to an obvious conclusion.”
Schumer: “Democrats are firmly against the wall," but they have enough agreements with Republicans on other border security measures that it "bodes well for finding an eventual agreement."
Schumer: Democrats said all along that we should separate the funding of government from the border debate, "and that's what we got." He thanks federal workers, slams “administration who treated them as hostages, who treated them as pawns, who belittled their financial strain.”
@IRaiseUFacts Thanks! That was fixed in the second version - hope it shows up for you soon.
WASHINGTON—On Thursday, Donald Trump tweeted, “We will not cave!” On Friday, Trump caved. 		Updated story:		https://t.co/4Eh3LYiZLA
RT @igorbobic: Senate Republicans on Thursday:		A CR with no wall funding is unacceptable, doesn’t address the border		Senate Republicans o…
RT @daveweigel: So, uh, Richard Ojeda left his state senate seat to concentrate on running for president. TEN DAYS later he quit the presid…
Trafficking experts emphasize: 1) Many victims are Americans. Never cross a border. 2) Many of those who cross come willingly, on visas, deceived into thinking better life awaits. 3) Trump policy changes have made it harder for immigrant victims to report. https://t.co/ZQAF6bvbKV
Here are some of the times Trump promised he wouldn't cave: https://t.co/1shxbf5DEU
Trump walked out after making this threat, didn't take questions. Perhaps notably and perhaps not, he didn't quite make the threat contingent on getting wall funding -- just said walls are important and that he needs a "fair deal." https://t.co/rH7vYHlzrm
The threat: "Really have no choice but to build a powerful wall or steel barrier. If we don't get a fair deal from Congress, the govt will either shut down on Feb. 15, again, or I will use the powers afforded to me under the laws and the Constitution...to address this emergency."
Trump: "We have the lowest employment and the best employment numbers than we've ever had." Sometimes his "and" method of correcting himself does not work.
Amazing https://t.co/adhc8BsRBh
RT @TorontoStar: #Breaking: Donald Trump caves on partial government shutdown, agrees to temporarily reopen government without wall funding…
This has turned into a regular Trump immigration speech, filled with talk of murder and disease and duct tape. He hasn't attempted to offer an extended explanation for why he rejected this kind of deal for weeks and is now accepting it.
Trump's speech referred to "homicides." He said the word, then added, "Or, as you would call them, violent, vicious killings."
Trump is telling his "four women" "duct tape" "backs or cars or trucks" "desert areas" human trafficking tale again. Again, human trafficking experts tells me they've never heard of this happening; just isn't how it usually works. https://t.co/ZQAF6bvbKV
This is so far the closest Trump has come to re-threatening an emergency declaration. There's been no "or else" yet. https://t.co/PNoMxIAa53
Trump is now re-touting the value of border walls, saying they "should not be controversial." He explains that these barriers would be made of STEEL and would be see-through, which, as usual, he says is very important. "We do not need 2,000 miles of concrete walls."
Trump says he trusts the parties will use this reprieve to work in good faith on behalf of "our whole, beautiful, wonderful, nation." I don't think all of those adjectives were in the text.
Trump says it's a three-week deal. He says he's heard Dems and Republicans are willing to put partisanship aside - "I think." He claims Dems have "finally and fully acknowledged" that barriers and walls will be "an important part of the solution."
Trump to federal workers: “Not only did you not complain, but in many cases you encouraged me to keep going” because you care so much about border security. (Lots of them complained...)
Trump immediately ad-libs a second sentence: "As everyone knows, I have a very powerful alternative. But I didn't want to use it at this time. Hopefully it will be unnecessary."
Trump: "I am very proud to announce today that we have reached a deal to end the shutdown and reopen the federal government."
RT @mkraju: Dems say the deal will include a stop-gap measure until February 15 to reopen the government, and then they will try to cut a b…
RT @burgessev: Three week CR and threat to declare a national emergency if Congress can’t come up with anything for border is the latest gu…
FBI Director Wray records video to employees: "Making some people stay home when they don’t want to, and making others show up without pay – it’s mind-boggling, it’s short-sighted, and it’s unfair...I’m about as angry as I’ve been in a long, long time." https://t.co/GYhExNPgGG
@scottwongDC @SpeakerPelosi Impressive attempt by you
RT @elianayjohnson: Told Trump will announce a three-week CR BUT that things still remain very much in flux. That said at least some Hill a…
CBS reporting Trump is about to cave. (As always, be cautious about "Trump is about to do something" reports.) https://t.co/fWU6aaZ4jd
RT @JonLemire: Stone channeling Richard Nixon, whose face he has as a tattoo on his back https://t.co/cVFTzECXE6
Asked, I believe, if he thinks Trump will pardon him, Stone says the only person he has advocated a pardon for is Marcus Garvey. (He has indeed advocated a pardon for Marcus Garvey.) https://t.co/UPdjQaczwO
Stone, now speaking to a large media crew outside the court, says of Trump, “I am one of his oldest friends. I am a fervent supporter of the president.” Trump usually distances himself from anyone indicted, so Stone is making it slightly harder.
Jones asks Stone to tell the story of the raid one more time; Stone goes silent again; Jones says, “There’s no doubt they’re going in and dropping the phone. All these phones are tapped.” That seems to be it.
Yeah, this phone call is about money. Stone again gives the website of his legal defence fund and says he needs $2 million: "I need people’s help more than ever.” Jones then asks people to go to the InfoWars store and buy his own products. These people.
Jones bragged that Stone is talking to him instead of the mainstream media. Then Stone went totally silent and Jones said, "I've been surprised if they didn't break into it and cut it off." He didn't say who "they" were.
Stone is apparently coming back after the commercial break involving Jones shouting about supplements and touting a good price on "the very best fish oil."
Asked what his direct message is to the president, Stone repeats that there is no collusion and adds, “I think I’m being persecuted for being a 40-year friend and supporter of his.”
Stone with another reference to his need for money: “As long as I have a breath in my body and a dollar to pay a lawyer, I’m going to fight.”
One possible reason for this phone call to Alex Jones: Stone just gave people the web address for his legal defence fund, saying he needs the money help for his big fight, in which he will not surrender under any circumstances.
Stone: ”There is no circumstance under which I would plead guilty to these charges” or “bear false witness against the president.”
”They would like me to plead guilty to charges that are completely bogus," Stone tells Alex Jones, saying this is all "politically motivated" and there is "no collusion."
Roger Stone is live on Alex Jones's show, because sure, and says "they could have just contacted my attorneys" to turn himself in. He says, "It was meant to intimidate me, but I am not intimidated." Jones then tells him to hold on and runs some ads in which Jones is screaming.
RT @ZekeJMiller: Atlanta now https://t.co/TTDD5Js0sq
RT @nycsouthpaw: Watch CNN’s @ShimonPro explain how they connected the dots last night. https://t.co/0noIvwM1FS
RT @MHackman: The night before Juan Guaidó declared himself Venezuela’s interim president, he got a phone call from Vice President Mike Pen…
RT @krisvancleave: Ground stops have been lifted. So today is going to operate a bit like a weather day in the northeast and Florida. The c…
RT @damianpaletta: SHUTDOWN PROBLEMS SNOWBALLING: At least 14,000 unpaid IRS workers did not show up for work as broad disruption hits tax…
The president manages to work immigration criminals and media criticism into his response to the arrest of his longtime advisor: https://t.co/tswuvivxUX
RT @Phil_Mattingly: .@LindseyGrahamSC, as he left a meeting with McConnell: “Here’s what Leader McConnell is going to do – he’s going to le…
RT @krisvancleave: Forgive me but allow me to clear up some misreporting or misunderstanding what’s happening THE FAA IS NOT CLOSING AIRPOR…
RT @ethanklapper: The ground stop at LGA has been lifted. Average delays for inbound flights is 86 minutes. Delays get much, much worse at…
Other than the massive increase in frequency, the biggest change in Trump's lying in Year 2 was in what he was lying about. Immigration skyrocketed to #1 on the list in Year 2, up from just #7 in Year 1 -- 584 false claims on the subject, up from 88.
Historians told me in Year 1 that there'd never been a president who lied so frequently...and then Trump made three times as many false claims in Year 2. Year 1: 2.9 false claims per day. Year 2: 8.6 false claims per day. Breakdown from me and @EdTubb: https://t.co/Gvwsc7EUTD
How much did Trump lie in his second year? The 15 most dishonest weeks of his presidency all came in the second year; 23 of the most dishonest 25. The 15 most dishonest days of his presidency all came in the second year; 45 of the most dishonest 50: https://t.co/Gvwsc7EUTD
RT @vermontgmg: Kind of amazing how many people seem headed to prison based on Devin Nunes' sham investigation. Even as he stonewalled, he…
RT @Phil_Mattingly: FAA statement on air traffic delays, via @Rene_MarshCNN https://t.co/ql2I8VC474
RT @ShimonPro: FAA: We have experienced a slight increase in sick leave at two air traffic control facilities affecting New York and Florid…
@kennwhite Thank you! I deleted my "caution" tweet because evidence came in right away.
@HeerJeet I'd completely forgotten she existed
RT @radleybalko: Twitter is demanding I denounce the “militarized” raid on Stone. So here: A dozen agents w/ guns out seems excessive. But…
@AsteadWesley k cool
@AsteadWesley Given that the GQ remark was about the current crop of candidates, I think it's worth noting that this particular clip appears to be from November 2016.
RT @kaitlancollins: Sarah Sanders doesn’t answer multiple questions about whether Trump directed a senior campaign official to contact Ston…
RT @mkraju: “This has nothing to do with the president - and nothing to do with the White House,” Sarah Sanders tells @JohnBerman, calling…
A headline from yesterday: https://t.co/8RNqO7FkEO https://t.co/HO0zT6ABhV
RT @VeraMBergen: This is big.		"A senior Trump Campaign official was *directed to contact Stone* about any additional releases...Stone ther…
RT @CNN: “FBI. Open the door.”		Watch exclusive CNN footage of the FBI arresting longtime Trump associate Roger Stone. Stone has been indic…
RT @JoshuaGreen: The "high-ranking Trump official" Stone communicated with per Mueller indictment appears to be Steve Bannon (source: https…
@Pete_Rudkins I don't think so. He encourages a certain kind of anger, but he's getting anger directed at him personally.
RT @SInow: The Golden State Warriors, who did not visit the White House after winning the NBA Championship the past two years, spent some t…
RT @frankthorp: New from a Schumer Spox: “Sen. Schumer and senate democrats have made clear to Leader McConnell and republicans that they w…
Here's Trump's public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/noHkY4gOri
RT @TondaMacC: My exclusive: Canada did seek U.S. help on detainees if it was cutting a deal that included Meng's release. https://t.co/3s3…
The shutdown was never going well for Trump. The past 48 hours have been a turn for the worse: https://t.co/UyKCtaoHka https://t.co/o3JzCB8nyo
@FeelingAmused His “build a wall to stop vicious murderers” argument.
Notable about the shutdown battle is how transparently Trump is flailing. You can usually see some crude political logic in his moves even if he’s lying, inflaming, race-baiting. Once he played his crime card and it didn’t work, this one has been pure flail.
These two days have been extremely Not Good for Donald Trump. A summary: https://t.co/UyKCtaoHka
RT @DLind: 🚨🚨BORDER NEWS:🚨🚨	-DHS confirms it will start returning legal asylum-seekers to Mexico after initial screening tomorrow. 	-Policy…
RT @mkraju: Senators flatly confused about what Trump means by a "large down-payment" for the wall and for "prorated" payment for wall. "I…
@thestustein There are some big banks that are working to accommodate struggling unpaid workers, though not all.
RT @ChadPergram: From colleague Peter Doocy. Pelosi on Trump saying he wants a down payment for the wall to re-open the gov't: Pelosi: "Tha…
This confused me too much to tweet it in real time: Trump suggested that unpaid federal workers are getting free groceries. "Local people know who they are, when they go for groceries and everything else...they will work along." https://t.co/c5oWFZeIS4
If you're confused by Trump's tales about taped-up women being driven over the border, trafficking experts told me they've never heard of this happening; most victims are deceived into coming over willingly or are threatened, not bound and gagged. https://t.co/ZQAF6bvbKV
Trump claims the Democratic bill probably got more votes than his because it included hurricane relief funding for "certain states." No. The Republican bill had $12.7 billion in hurricane and other-disaster relief funding. GOP defections weren't because of this.
Trump says he coulda gotten 25,000 people to attend his State of the Union somewhere else, but it would've been "disrespectful to the State of the Union." He says Pelosi's position on refusing to open the chamber until the shutdown is over is "reasonable."
Trump says illegal immigration is a "compliment," since people are coming for the strong economy, but it has to stop.
Trump repeats his usual tale of women being tied up with their mouths taped by human traffickers and then driven over unwalled border areas. Six trafficking experts told me they have never spoken to a victim who had anything like this happen during their border crossing.
For, I think, the first time, Trump admits that drugs come through legal ports of entry, but then claims, "The big trucks come through areas where you don't have a wall." Do not believe that is true.
Trump says illegal immigrants "permeate" in a lot of places, "like Wisconsin."
Trump again says he has not left the White House except for "a beautiful evening in Iraq." He also went to Texas and New Orleans.
Trump says that maybe Schumer and McConnell can work something out, but if they don't he has "a lot of alternatives." Also, this is a "virtual invasion" of illegal immigrants, and there is a big caravan coming.
Trump is emphasizing the relative Republican unity on his bill, saying there were a mere two defections. True, but there were six who defected to vote for the Democratic bill.
Trump lies of Democrats: "Almost all of them are breaking, saying walls are good, walls are good."
After a lot of people criticized him, Trudeau's ambassador to China retracts his comments about the Meng case: https://t.co/5BOKnmI1Mm
RT @PressSec: Leader Mitch McConnell and Senator Chuck Schumer are meeting now to see whether or not they can work out of the deadlock. As…
One thing Donald Trump, Elizabeth Warren and Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez have in common: they all use the phrase "tippy top." https://t.co/LHhpLzWQdY
RT @alexburnsNYT: So, which opponents does Bernie mean?		"Many of my opponents do not hold that view, and they think that all that we need…
Trump Jan. 10: "I think we have far more unity than the Democrats." Trump Jan. 18: "Never seen the Republican Party so unified." https://t.co/Mg9dVwNmqz
RT @frankthorp: More GOP YES votes on CR to reopen govt until Feb 8:		Gardner	Romney
RT @burgessev: On the Dem two-week CR to reopen government		GOP yeses so far (need 14): Alexander	Collins	Gardner	Isakson	Murkowski
RT @jenhab: Senate votes down GOP shutdown proposal 50-47. (It was reported incorrectly on the floor.)	Manchin was the only Democrat to sup…
RT @bubbaprog: Ron DeSantis's Secretary of State, on his 16th day in office, has resigned after photos emerge of him dressed for Halloween…
Kudlow on why federal workers are showing up to their jobs without pay, as required: "They do it because of their love for the country, the office of the presidency, and, uh, presumably their allegiance to President Trump, but whatever: they're doing it." https://t.co/21E8OosuHw
@bubbaprog "Americans," not him, right?
RT @JStein_WaPo: SCOOP: @SenWarren is proposing a "wealth tax" on those with more than $50 million, in an attempt to combat soaring wealth…
Has this been the worst two days of the shutdown for Trump? Public complaints from FBI agents, former DHS chiefs and Coast Guard commandant; tone-deaf Ross/Lara Trump/Kudlow; terrible poll numbers out; Pelosi wins speech standoff; first official defections from Senate GOP...
Going on MSNBC to talk about the things that are happening and not happening.
RT @BCAppelbaum: Thoughts on unpaid federal workers:		"In some sense they're better off." 	- Kevin Hassett		"It is a little bit of pain but…
RT @ajjaffe: WH economic advisor Larry Kudlow calls the shutdown a "glitch": As “soon as this thing goes, the switch will be turned on, the…
Biden was referring to this NYT story about how he gave a paid Michigan speech during the midterms to a Republican-leaning crowd in which he praised a Republican congressman in a tight race, who went on to win by 4.5 points. https://t.co/tPDma6QduO  https://t.co/kd4Nv0leid
RT @daveweigel: Biden: "I read in the New York Times today that if I run for president, one of my problems will be that I like Republicans.…
Trump keeps trying to rewrite history to make his North Korea efforts seem more impressive, regularly saying Obama was close to going to war with North Korea (and even that Obama told him this). He wasn't. https://t.co/HlG0Yf7DhE
Canada joined the U.S. last night in recognizing Venezuela's opposition leader as interim president: https://t.co/mlS6KPOs7W
Almost any time Trump tweets a “wait why is he tweeting about that now” kind of tweet in the morning, such as promoting an old book by saying it is “just out,” it‘s because he’s watching Fox and Friends. https://t.co/yVQ9aFQcvQ
These are rather curious questions from a man who makes much of his money by slapping his name on things. https://t.co/I3n3Xa6G3b
RT @brianstelter: "Just out..." in February 2017. This book came out two years ago. 🤔 https://t.co/Q16eqRXAtU
RT @Yamiche: Nancy wins this round. WH officials repeatedly said Trump was looking at venues outside of DC for the SOTU. Sarah Sanders said…
Trump’s public schedule for tomorrow is blank. (Public schedules don’t include all of a president’s activities.) https://t.co/LTiibywLaf
RT @gelliottmorris: Trump approval in high-quality phone polls since the shutdown fallout started:		AP-NORC: 34%	CBS: 36%	Pew: 37%	Gallup:…
A day after Pence commended Honduras for helping with the latest caravans, Trump again claims Honduras doesn't help at all with caravans and so will be having its aid cut off. https://t.co/vhrL9jeVTM
RT @jeneps: Trump seems to have given up on doing the SOTU in the Capitol, telling reporters "we'll do something in the alternative" and th…
RT @josh_wingrove: Trudeau was asked about this today, and danced around it. He said Canada will make sure the rule of law is followed, and…
RT @mkraju: Schiff and Cummings not ready to let Cohen off the hook. "Not appearing before Congress was never an option. We will not let th…
RT @mkraju: No SOTU Tuesday, Pelosi says to Trump https://t.co/XZzPNju6Ft
RT @akela_lacy: BREAKING: Trump administration waives federal nondiscrimination law for South Carolina foster care agencies, allowing discr…
RT @TondaMacC: Extraordinary remarks by Canada’s ambassador to China; backs Meng’s chance of fighting extradition to U.S., regrets "difficu…
Michael Cohen isn’t testifying publicly as planned, citing Trump’s “threats” toward his father-and-law and his own “continued cooperation with ongoing investigations.” https://t.co/wGpYXFA0uH
RT @Bencjacobs: INBOX: Statement from President Donald J. Trump Recognizing Venezuelan National Assembly President Juan Guaido as the Inter…
RT @PatrickSvitek: Sheila Jackson Lee Leaves 2 Posts After Aide Says She Was Fired for Reporting Sexual Assault https://t.co/K0y4huGzTu
I'll have a full analysis of this past year in Trump dishonesty later in the week. For a detailed weekly breakdown and other ruminations, subscribe to my Trumpcheck newsletter! Next one coming this afternoon. https://t.co/gxlMiNJ8qO
Here's the updated week-by-week chart of Trump's false claims. He made 43 last week. That was his 28th-worst week in office out of 105 weeks, though way down from his pre-midterms bonanza. Via editor @EdTubb: https://t.co/d2QhWvq2hl
Trump made an absurd 3,135 false claims in his second year in office. In his first year, it was 1,072. Through Sunday, he had made 4,210 false claims in all. Here's the complete database: https://t.co/tUlVsaIQoY
Trump made 20 false claims in his speech to farmers, capping off a second year in office in which he made 8.6 false claims per day -- three times as many as he made in his first year: https://t.co/0zPkDAVFoX
Trump has sent another Very Trumpy letter to Pelosi, this one declaring that he is doing a traditional State of the Union in the House chamber as originally proposed. It is not clear that Pelosi’s Democrats will pass the necessary resolution to let him do that. https://t.co/qfJ51NSzGk
Always worth noting at this point that “Medicare for all” doesn’t mean “national single-payer” to every Democrats. They’re currently using the phrase to refer to a variety of policies, some of which retain private insurance. https://t.co/MUFBVbHkXq
As with lots of policies, support for “Medicare for all” varies wildly in polls depending on what people are told about it. Will be interesting to see how support would hold up after the inevitable barrage of attack ads. https://t.co/uV1rCgmL75
“When respondents heard that Medicare for all would eliminate private insurance, for example, support dropped dramatically, with just 37 percent favoring it and 58 percent opposing.” https://t.co/eL2gZ7b5AV
Canada’s ambassador to China says Huawei’s Meng has a good case to make to a judge against extradition to the U.S.: “One, political involvement by comments from Donald Trump in her case.” https://t.co/Vmqui9h26y
In that same Farm Bureau speech in New Orleans, Trump recounted how he drew "40,000 people or more at a hangar" to rally for Louisiana Sen. John Kennedy in 2016. It was 5,000 people at the hangar, local media reported.
Trump told the Farm Bureau convention: "I know you have a record crowd. That's nice. It's always nice to set records."		The Farm Bureau tells me attendance was big for this era, but "perhaps half of what it was several decades ago" when there were more farmers.
RT @sahilkapur: The House just voted 357-22 to bar President Trump from exiting NATO.		Here are the 22 lawmakers who opposed it — all Repub…
@kleizassic @WolstatSun I was also there. The Serbs were so loud!
Here’s Trump’s public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don’t include all of a president’s activities.) https://t.co/cMlVm6WDt5
@emptywheel I was thinking of calling Sam Nunberg about Rudy but thought it’d be too silly. Clearly the wrong decision.
RT @nakashimae: SCOOP: Hundreds of #IRS employees processing tax refunds without pay are not showing up for work in shutdown job action tha…
https://t.co/jg0MmUlenC https://t.co/aQlNqT13hA
Politico reports that Trump has now joined the list of people angry at Giuliani. https://t.co/jg0MmUlenC
@WolstatSun One of the most fun regular season games they’ve ever had
The White House says Pence commended the president of Honduras for his “proactive and vigorous response to the most recent migrant caravans.” Trump said last week that Honduras wasn’t helping at all and so shouldn’t get U.S. aid. https://t.co/pM2vrm6QvR
RT @abbydphillip: Sarah Sanders says that WH has reached out to the Covington Catholic kids and invited them to the WH but any meeting woul…
Rudy Giuliani’s tenure as Trump’s de facto chief spokesman is making Sean Spicer’s look competent: https://t.co/HVysuIaxDa
RT @markknoller: US posts @VP video message to people of Venezuela decrying Pres Maduro as a "dictator" and pledging American support for a…
@BryanG33 Not this version signed by Trump, as far as I know.
It appears CNN published this letter of intent a month ago. (I was on vacation and reading only Norwegian detective novels.) Thanks to the people who let me know. https://t.co/boH9zs6M8Y
BuzzFeed publishes what it says is the detailed letter of intent for the proposed Trump tower in Moscow, signed by Trump during the Republican primary and including lots of specific details Giuliani claimed yesterday do not exist. https://t.co/8mXFJiYE7d
RT @azeen: Trump’s lawyer claims his Moscow tower was barely more than a notion: “There were no drafts. Nothing in the file.”		Documents ob…
RT @daveweigel: Deja vu all over again — in the time between a “deal” being announced and being written, a bunch of Stephen Miller wish lis…
RT @attackerman: The GOP "compromise" on the shutdown shovels money into ICE detentions &amp; would make it harder than ever to claim asylum. N…
RT @IngrahamAngle: EXCLUSIVE on the new #LauraIngrahamPodcast — the Covington Catholic students threatened by the leftist internet mob will…
RT @RohdeD: FBI Agents Association releases 72-page report detailing how shutdown is dangerously slowing counter-terrorism, child abuse, &amp;…
RT @adamliptak: The Supreme Court takes no action on DACA appeal, almost certainly meaning it won’t hear the Trump administration’s appeal…
RT @emilymbadger: “As of Feb. 1, 2019, all tenants will be responsible for full basic rent.”		Landlords are now pressing the poor for payme…
RT @chrisgeidner: BREAKING: #SCOTUS issues a stay of injunctions against Trump's transgender service ban, allowing the Trump administration…
@daveweigel Innnteresting.
@daveweigel How widespread is “he’s got this wrapped up” sentiment?
The president picks a side: https://t.co/rNWEfwgTN1
RT @IsaacDovere: Giuliani: I have been through all the tapes.	@IChotiner: Wait, what tapes have you gone through?	G: I shouldn’t have said…
The president's lawyer, "joking": "I am afraid it will be on my gravestone: 'Rudy Giuliani: He lied for Trump.' Somehow, I don’t think that will be it. But if it is, so what do I care? I’ll be dead. I figure I can explain it to St. Peter." https://t.co/CleJgfb49m
https://t.co/5tErzD6uAs https://t.co/IEFnzLuQO6
Here’s Trump’s public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don’t include all of a president’s activities.) https://t.co/Hl57FkHkJu
@unveriphiedMike Of course of course. But since we're all here, might as well talk to the people here.
@Mad_Science_Guy Yeah, the polls were mostly fine. But some of my July-to-November coverage reflected an overly strong belief that Clinton would win, and I suspect that was an issue for the U.S. media broadly.
I think it is clear that there were various kinds of very major media errors in 2016. I just see some people on Twitter responding to normal, necessary media scrutiny of 2020 Dems and saying "here we go, But Her Emails, 2016 all over again," and I think that's unfair.
Don't hand Trump endless unfiltered airtime. Challenge lies to candidates' faces and in news copy. More and more-nuanced policy coverage. Don't let Trump gimmicks (mean nicknames, etc.) set daily agendas. For me, Daniel: less certainty about polling data. https://t.co/3pChNDTHMN
@sirius9moon You are right!
@commiegirl1 Yep, fair.
There's going to be extensive scrutiny of the history of every significant Democratic candidate, including from me, starting real soon. That's how it should work, though obviously we of The Media can do lots of things better than we did in 2016. https://t.co/UQzHoqc9iy
And Biden is trying to do some early addressing of the liabilities in his own record on race and crime, particularly his support for the Clinton-era crime bill: https://t.co/6fTFvzFe4r
Sanders, who was in South Carolina today speaking about racial justice, needs to figure out how to do better with Black voters (if he runs) this time than he did last time: https://t.co/nTXRCLpy7g
Gillibrand has a challenge in trying to explain her relatively recent past as someone taking much more conservative positions than she is now: https://t.co/W37jk7A3ch
Will be interesting to see how Harris addresses questions about her history as a prosecutor, which gives critics on both left and right a lot of individual decisions to question: https://t.co/it0q0D2Pmn
RT @mollyhc: The first question Harris gets is about criticism of her record on transgender rights for inmates as AG. “It was an office wit…
Unless Giuliani's goal is just to confuse people all the time, he is uniquely bad at his legal-spokesman job. To the NYT, he *spoke in Trump's voice*: he said Trump told him the Moscow talks were “going on from the day I announced to the day I won." https://t.co/fByHosLzdv
RT @AsteadWesley: Yep. And Biden, while acknowledging the impact of crime bill, makes sure to place blame on the "experts" who gave lawmake…
RT @AsteadWesley: New from me: At MLK day breakfast, the two paths of Biden + Bloomberg were on display. Biden acknowledged his vote for th…
RT @ShimonPro: Rudy Giuliani tells CNN that Trump’s legal team reached out to the special counsel Robert Mueller’s office regarding the Buz…
RT @ShaneGoldmacher: This is the first shot in the free media primary — which Trump  crushed in 2016.		Will CNN offer this for everyone? If…
@TommyMarion10 @RealTrumanDem Here is the video. He did not cry. https://t.co/lCpNCYoaAB
Per the pool reporter, here’s what Trump said during a visit of “approximately two minutes” to the MLK memorial in Washington: “Good morning, everybody. Great day. Beautiful day. Thank you for being here. Appreciate it."
RT @stevenportnoy: President Trump made no remarks about Martin Luther King during a very brief visit to the memorial built in the great le…
RT @GeoffRBennett: JUST IN: President Trump and Vice President Mike Pence have made an unannounced trip to the Martin Luther King, Jr. Memo…
RT @AsteadWesley: Impact of racial justice organizing in recent years is already all over 2020 Dems, especially white ones. They're volunta…
@TommyMarion10 He wasn't crying or emotional, that's just how he looks
@JeremyDove My own articles are also behind a paywall. Our salaries cost money.
The other part I couldn't fit in the first tweet: Cohen got Jerry Falwell Jr. to use the Twitter account for Liberty University, his evangelical Christian college, to ask people to vote for Trump in this meaningless poll.		This is a perfect Trump story.
@TruthfulBurns I KNEW someone was gonna note that guy.
WSJ adds to the story about Trump, Cohen and the poll on top business leaders: 1) Cohen tried to rig the poll for Trump; 2) Trump tweeted “stupid poll should be canceled”; 3) Cohen called CNBC to threaten a Trump lawsuit; 4) Cohen stiffed the poll-rigger. https://t.co/szXj1HSjHI
In his speech to the Farm Bureau convention last week, Trump told a Sir story about how, when he signed his order ("bill") pulling back the Waters of the U.S. rule, "half" the people behind him were crying.		He signed the order on camera. There is video. Nobody was crying. https://t.co/5JV0aFtEEj
@MissWendy39 @cher That actually is short for “Cherished Memories,” I believe.
Once more, here’s my story on Kamala Harris’s teenage years in Canada: https://t.co/zXNb9pjapu https://t.co/01YjD6UnF4
RT @AsteadWesley: NEW STORY: Kamala Harris is running for president. Her slogan: "Kamala Harris For The People." First event: In South Caro…
In his latest ramblin' man travelogue, Beto O'Rourke says he met a Canadian immigrant who said his wife's health care experience has been much better in the U.S. You don't hear much of that sentiment from Dems, even if they're just quoting people they met. https://t.co/PLeG8XfHtc https://t.co/ji9tP1cHpv
@MrButterChicken @bruce_arthur yes
@bruce_arthur Too soon
Giuliani said earlier today that the discussions “could” have happened “up to as far as October, November” 2016. Now: through November 8. https://t.co/0OcIw8QtEc
Giuliani tells the NYT that Trump says the discussions about trying to build a Trump Tower in Moscow were “going on from the day I announced to the day I won”: https://t.co/jXVABq8TPs
Trump's public schedule for the MLK Day holiday is blank. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.)
RT @politicoalex: NEW: Pompeo to discuss running for Kansas Senate seat	  https://t.co/khDPAsD70S https://t.co/AOwKYSzGXj
RT @mattshuham: Pence quotes from Martin Luther King Jr.'s "I Have A Dream" speech to argue for Trump's latest pitch for wall money: "Now i…
RT @daveweigel: This is very different from 2016, when you could see non-Trump GOP candidates' souls dying as their events ended with "what…
RT @daveweigel: I've been to every Iowa stop so far by Warren and Gillibrand. One thing that stands out: Apart from one voter Q about the D…
RT @Drew_Hammill: To be clear, the Speaker’s Office never received a “written acceptance” from the President. https://t.co/Ost228zPIf
Here's Trump's official proclamation for Martin Luther King Jr. Day. https://t.co/l279WlZomw
The most serious charges are against volunteer and college instructor Scott Warren, who faces years in prison on charges of harboring illegal immigrants and human-smuggling conspiracy; his lawyers say he merely gave them food, water and a place to sleep. https://t.co/K5iewUARwl
Trump's Justice Dept. has chosen to criminally prosecute volunteers who leave water for migrants on protected land rather than banning them from the area or admonishing them. Four were convicted this week; they face a fine or up to six months in prison. https://t.co/yW7dNbeIyL
RT @ewong: Great story on how the government shutdown has affected the Coast Guard and life in an Alaskan town. By @Tmgneff. https://t.co/b…
RT @katiezez: The shutdown has imperiled the life and death work of organizations that help domestic violence victims and hurt those in she…
@GlennKesslerWP Which poll was it? Thanks Glenn.
RT @GlennKesslerWP: This a small subset of the poll with huge margin of error. I looked into this yesterday— same poll had overall Trump ap…
RT @alanfeuer: The drugs were secreted in passenger cars. Hidden in cans of jalapeños in ordinary trucks. Stashed in compartments in tanker…
RT @alanfeuer: Chapo’s drugs did not in the main enter the US at remote stretches of the border where a wall could stop them. Witness after…
RT @CNNSotu: “I don’t know if it happened or if it didn’t happen. … I have no knowledge if he spoke to him,” Giuliani says on whether Presi…
RT @rebeccaballhaus: Rudy Giuliani says on @nbc that conversations between Trump and Cohen about the Trump Tower Moscow project continued e…
We don’t know that. This account leaves open that possibility, but it’s also possible the special counsel’s office simply wanted to maintain its usual silence if the premise wasn’t specifically about them. https://t.co/iyqngEJIZ4
WaPo on what happened: BuzzFeed’s initial request for comment, over which Mueller’s team didn’t object, didn’t say they were planning to report Cohen *told Mueller* Trump directed him to lie, just that they were going to report Trump directed Cohen to lie. https://t.co/va6JbwYgyN https://t.co/CvuqX3NW4x
RT @sahilkapur: On Trump’s immigration offer...		Reaction from Republicans is generally positive; party leaders sound like they’re behind h…
@kathygriffin Hi Kathy! I missed the speech because I had an important appointment to meet @sarahboesveld’s baby. https://t.co/L5rQ1AhB08
RT @Yamiche: VP Pence pushing back on conservative backlash: “This is not an amnesty bill….There is no amnesty in the president's proposals…
RT @frankthorp: No deal, per @SenSchumer:		“It was the President who singled-handedly took away DACA and TPS protections in the first place…
Trump himself seems to care what Coulter and Breitbart think, so it’s useful to see what they think. But that doesn’t mean we have to treat them as quasi-spokespeople. /the end
There’s a segment of Trump supporters that is stridently anti-illegal-immigration or just anti-immigration. On the whole, it’s a group way less ideological than Breitbart. It’s more like Fox  - will shift to accommodate his shifts.
Periodic reminder: Ann Coulter and Breitbart do not speak for Trump’s base. When Trump started speaking positively the first time about protecting DACA recipients, Republican support skyrocketed into the high 80s. The base shifts with him.
RT @SarahPierceEsq: NOTE - what the President offered was NOT like the BRIDGE Act, which would have offered protections to 1.3 million. 		I…
Trump told reporters this morning that the media has “truly lost its credibility,” then, two sentences later, lied for the 13th time that the New York Times issued a post-election apology for its coverage. The Times never apologized.
@thelastpinkcar He’s been asked. He said “many companies.”
I believe he meant to say El Paso, which is the Texas city he usually claims went from “one of the most unsafe” to safe after a border barrier was erected — but that’s not true either; El Paso had below-average crime pre-barrier and was trending downward for years. https://t.co/iwEECVgKtf
Trump’s speech has been moved to 4 PM. He’s added a visit to Dover to greet the Americans killed in Syria.
@emmbee1002 @danbalz He thought Dan was just some guy.
RT @maggieNYT: Confirmed - this is what Kushner has been working on. They believe they can get enough senate votes to push it through and t…
Trump was talking to Joe Kernen, then heard another American in Paris was saying “nice” things about him, so asked to talk to that guy...who was @danbalz, who asked him real questions...to which a confused Trump said, “Are you Hillary or are you Trump?” https://t.co/7DhB4BNjyH
As with every “Trump will do a thing in a few hours” story, it’s worth cautioning that he may not do the thing he’s currently planning to do.
.@jonathanvswan reports that Trump will propose wall money in exchange for the BRIDGE Act, a Graham-Durbin DACA proposal that has been out there since 2016, before Trump took office. It’d give DACA recipients three more years of protection, but not permanent legal status. https://t.co/YYtkFLKdeE
RT @mattzap: We at The Post also had riffs on the story our reporters hadn't confirmed. One noted Fox downplayed it; another said it "if tr…
RT @mkraju: Trump praises Mueller - a man he has attacked relentlessly for months - for issuing statement denying BuzzFeed story, saying, “…
RT @rebeccaballhaus: SCOOP by @Byrontau @AlexandraBerzon: A lobbyist for Adelson sent a memo to top DOJ officials, arguing that a 2011 opin…
Just noticed that the White House schedule has this weekend as “2018.” The schedule is indeed for this 2019 weekend.
@mommicality That’s a leap. We have no idea whether that’s what the special counsel is intending to say.
The Mueller probe was never based on the dossier; contrary to Trump’s claims, we know it didn’t start with the dossier. And the dossier hasn’t been “totally discredited,” though it’s unclear how much Mueller has been able to substantiate. https://t.co/cZDwyX0zSy
Here’s Trump’s public schedule for the weekend. (Public schedules don’t include all of a president’s activities.) https://t.co/Kxu5q4OTPz
@jsherman39 We can comprehend fine. Disputing “BuzzFeed’s description of specific statements to the Special Counsel’s Office, and characterization of documents and testimony obtained by this office” is disputing a lot. We’ll learn more in the weeks ahead!
RT @matthewamiller: You can spend hours parsing the Carr statement, but given how unusual it is for any DOJ office to issue this sort of on…
Like lots of the Russia story, this is now going to be a wait-and-see. There’ll be much more news reporting, Cohen will be asked if he testifies again, we’ll hear more from Mueller. There’s no need for anyone to try to sleuth things out in the next five minutes.
@sethedel I’m saying substantial. The “description of specific statements to the Special Counsel’s Office, and characterization of documents and testimony obtained by this office,” are substantial parts of the story.
@kashoobs Anything is possible!
In other words: the Mueller team’s wording leaves open the possibility that some of the story might be accurate. But the fact that they called substantial elements of the story inaccurate should be taken seriously.
@DLind Yeah, we can’t parse it well. Just saying they leave room for some doubt that they’re saying the whole entire thing is wrong.
It‘s possible to parse the Mueller team’s wording here, but they’re clearly saying at least some of the story is wrong. That should get major attention, especially given how very rare it is that they comment on anything.
Mueller’s team almost never comments on anything, but BuzzFeed reports that it is calling BuzzFeed’s Cohen story “not accurate.” https://t.co/0w2Y13gpgz
RT @crepeau: BREAKING -- Jason Van Dyke sentenced to 81 months in prison for the second-degree murder of Laquan McDonald. That's about 6.75…
RT @GeoffRBennett: Programming note: https://t.co/y9K44RZvYe
RT @BillAdairDuke: NEW YORK (AP) — A Duke University team expects to have a product available for election year that will allow television…
RT @HayesBrown: I'm so glad @stephaniemlee wrote this, I was getting so mad at the idea of "Mexican DNA" they were using in that Aeromexico…
RT @alex_mallin: .@PressSec: President Donald J. Trump met with Kim Yong Chol for an hour and half, to discuss denuclearization and a secon…
RT @ChrisMegerian: New statement from Rudy Giuliani is the first denying Buzzfeed's article 		"Any suggestion – from any source – that the…
RT @AdamSerwer: The prayer rug thing is exceptionally stupid. https://t.co/xrU4UD2gt6 https://t.co/SVqvrfDH9g
RT @jeffmason1: .@realDonaldTrump will meet with Kim Yong Chol, Vice Chairman of the Workers Party of Korea  at 12:15pm in the Oval Office…
This has not been an aggressive White House response so far. Nothing from Trump, nothing from Conway, a “ridiculous” but a non-denial from Gidley. https://t.co/d51xSjp7X6
RT @chrisgeidner: Meanwhile, here's @a_cormier_ with some blunt talk. https://t.co/FiDulA4M8I
The early White House line on the report that the president instructed Cohen to lie to Congress: it's too "ridiculous" an idea to bother denying. https://t.co/nA6zkKWS6x
RT @sppeoples: Trump spokesman Hogan Gidley repeatedly refuses to deny central allegation in BuzzFeed report that Trump instructed Cohen to…
RT @PhilipRucker: Trump again sends a warning-slash-threat to Michael Cohen's father in law https://t.co/Qb4tL9P6DB
@CalebJHull Go get him, avenge dat hamburger tweet he did
There is a long history of evidence-free "prayer rugs at the border" claims. https://t.co/nq0YfUKvDq
Here's a defense of this story from a Washington Examiner person. I think it is a very bad defense. https://t.co/Z0GJc1chz3
It’s also worth noting every time that the president is making an ongoing effort to stoke fear of Muslims.
The Washington Examiner article the president is quoting is very bad. The “prayer rugs” claim was made by a single rancher who would not allow her name used and who apparently provided the journalist no evidence. https://t.co/iq4t0BOzR9
RT @PhilipRucker: Buzzfeed reports that Trump directed Michael Cohen to lie to Congress about Trump Tower Moscow https://t.co/0PxrPuu6Ky
@BlakeMurphyODC Another A+
@joey_doubleyou Other option: sneaking up from behind a casual guy who just got a rebound
@BlakeMurphyODC Is it possible to find out how many of those there have been in NBA history?
Here’s Trump’s public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don’t include all of a president’s activities.) https://t.co/HxCYdsQpKk
RT @scottwongDC: "Simply not true," @RepJasonSmith told The Hill. "Was speaking to all the Democrats who were down vacationing in Puerto Ri…
@detowbray Best part 100%
This is like the Russia story and the Bryan Colangelo story had a baby https://t.co/c9gxsmpqs1
RT @mjs_DC: So ... I got an email from Acting Attorney General Matthew Whitaker's wife this morning. https://t.co/OAQGv2LC2D @Slate
Pelosi's office also says Trump was wrong that this was to be a "seven-day excursion." Deputy chief of staff Drew Hammill says it was to be a five-day trip including four days on the ground, returning on Tuesday. (So maybe six days if you're counting/rounding differently.)
Pelosi aide says she was never going to visit Egypt on this trip. Trump says in his letter that it was a "trip to Brussels, Egypt, and Afghanistan." https://t.co/6Tz7xMzkeI
RT @Drew_Hammill: The CODEL to Afghanistan included a required stop in Brussels for pilot rest.  In Brussels, the delegation was scheduled…
@JLew1050 I'd like to know how many of those 18 involve Williams dribbling a bunch and then leaning to the left. Guess: 16
RT @jdawsey1: Trump responds. https://t.co/Bs02f2sdDj
@LevineJonathan Even ignoring the argument that this is “semantics,” I’m not quite clear on how me asking a single extremely-calm question, in which I asked if there was more evidence, is me “going nuts.”
@daveweigel Thanks! Also, it is weird that the example of me “going nuts” is me asking if there’s another part of the clip he might have mistakenly omitted here.
@glubold Just trying to understand for my fact-checks - how is Pence wrong in saying it's the biggest raise in nearly a decade? (Doesn't the chart you linked to show that it's the biggest in 9 years?) https://t.co/wTpJAyRKId
@DefenseBaron @glubold @LeoShane Super-respectfully - I think these tweets might be confusing two things. Trump has lied on various occasions that 1) this was the first raise in 10 years, and 2) he gave an increase of 10%. But Pence said 3) this is the biggest raise in nearly 10 years, which I think is correct.
RT @KFILE: Tulsi Gabbard has a video apologizing for past anti-LGBT comments and work for her father’s anti-gay group.		My story on how she…
@DefenseBaron @glubold Isn't this one correct? He said "largest pay raise in nearly a decade" - isn't it the biggest since 2010?
RT @LeoShane: Watchdog finds operational, ethical violations with security staff for top VA officials -- including former VA Sec Shulkin us…
@thealtmiddlenet He literally said that there were polls about him at the beginning of his tenure, in which he was popular, and then that he declined in those polls after he made demands of Europe. He was not popular in the polls at the beginning of his tenure.
A recurring feature of Trump's rhetoric: talk of people laughing at other people or calling them idiots behind their backs. https://t.co/Lm2Q4Ldfqp
Trump has finished at the Pentagon. He mixed some generic prepared comments about missile defense with some prepared immigration potshots at Democrats and with his usual unscripted laments about U.S. military alliances.
Trump to the military at the Pentagon: "We cannot be the fools for others. We cannot be. We don't want to be called that. And I will tell you, for many years, behind your backs, that's what they were saying."
For the 11th time, Trump lies that NATO spending was declining before he took office: "Until that, it was just going down. For 15 years, it was just going down." Defense spending by members rose by 1.84 per cent in 2015 and 3.08 per cent in 2016, official NATO figures show.
Trump is repeating his newly frequent lie about how he used to be very popular in polls of Europe but has now gone down in the polls there. He was never popular in polls of Europe.
Trump on U.S. military protection to allied countries: "Wealthy, wealthy countries that we're protecting are all under notice. And all are cooperating very nicely. I would say they probably liked other presidents more than me, but that's OK. I don't blame them."
Trump is complaining about how the U.S. offers military protection to countries that have lots of money. He says he is "honoured" to do it, but they need to send the U.S. some of that money.
Trump on his military philosophy: "There are some very bad players out there. And we're a good player. But we can be far worse than anybody if need be."
Trump likes to add the word "offense" to speeches about defense. He says, "My upcoming budget will invest in a space-based missile defense layer. It's new technology. It's ultimately going to be a very, very big part of our defense. And, obviously, of our offense."
Trump says that what he has done to Iran is "rather miraculous." He says quietly, "It's not the same. And it won't be the same. And I do believe they want to talk."
Trump usually claims that a wall will stop human trafficking from Mexico. (Experts say no.) This time he says, "Stop human hijacking."
At the Pentagon officially to speak about the Missile Defense Review, Trump returns to his pitch for a border wall. He blames Democrats for the shutdown, claims the party has been taken over by the "radical left," and warns of new caravans that include unknown people.
@DefenseBaron np Kevin
@AmySeeksTruth @DefenseBaron From the tweeter of the clip, Elliott, without any basis.
@DefenseBaron She didn't say that, though. (Not defending what she did say, but she didn't say that.)
@tomselliott What is even haaappening? I was gonna share this clip when I thought your caption was accurate, then found it was inaccurate, then asked if I was missing another part of the interview, then you started accusing me of things, and now I'm never going to trust Grabien again. A+ work
@tomselliott ? 		You're free to make your own inferences, but should identify them as such rather than attributing them to the speaker you're quoting.
RT @adamgoldmanNYT: The @NewYorkFBI has started a food bank. "As you all know, the public does not realize the impact that a shutdown has o…
@tomselliott Is there another clip that includes a "homosexuality" part?
RT @ddiamond: Story: https://t.co/wajCM735um 		INSPECTOR GENERAL: "More children over a longer period of time" were separated at the border…
Unhappy with Comey's handling of Clinton, Schumer and Pelosi suggested they might not want him retained. But neither of them called for him to be fired by Obama. (Pelosi when asked if he should resign: "I'm not going to that place.") Under Trump, they didn't come anywhere close.
This is a lie. Schumer did not call for Comey's firing. Before Trump was president, Schumer said, re Comey and Clinton, "I do not have confidence in him any longer...To restore my faith, I am going to have to sit down and talk to him and get an explanation for why he did this." https://t.co/2GW1iWGehd
@fstuart2 @kyledcheney This was in 2014.
After Trump didn't make the CNBC influential business leaders list Cohen tried to rig with his money, he said, "Stupid poll should be canceled." Also via @kyledcheney: https://t.co/q9zFwXsX33
RT @jaketapper: WaPo: Nearly 10,000 companies contract with shutdown-affected agencies, putting $200 million a week at risk https://t.co/3L…
WSJ reports Michael Cohen hired someone to try to rig an online CNBC poll on influential business leaders to get Trump on the list (https://t.co/JQAllzAwCx); Cohen now says he did it at Trump's direction; when Trump lost anyway, he tweeted this (found by @kyledcheney): https://t.co/9d9MCFtAfW
RT @ddale8: Donald Trump made 52 false claims last week in a blizzard of immigration lying: https://t.co/CvGbtnNZSz
RT @willsommer: Michael Cohen spent Trump's money on a Twitter account talking about how hot Michael Cohen is, and the results are incredib…
Helpful chronology of the shifting goalposts: https://t.co/EmA15PAkfs
RT @mkraju: “If the collusion happened, it happened a long time ago. It’s either provable or it’s not. It’s not provable because it never h…
RT @mkraju: Rudy Giuliani to @ChrisCuomo: “I never said there was no collusion between the campaign or between people in the campaign. I ha…
Here's Trump's public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/OZGidlF4uf
@leopmckenna_leo Hi there. Rob Ford explicitly admitted that he made up the “lurking” thing, and he retracted it and apologized to me for it. Here is the full apology. I’ve excerpted a relevant portion. All the best! https://t.co/zvoHaDvj1D https://t.co/39HWgeYHqt
RT @VeraMBergen: Just in from CENTCOM: Four Americans were killed in the attack in Manbij, Syria today - 2 US servicemembers, one DOD civil…
RT @bradheath: TSA acknowledges the obvious: "Many employees are reporting that they are not able to report to work due to financial limita…
@EricDSnider @awhitept It is definitely edited substantially - the interview is significantly shortened. Not sure how they deal with the laughs.
RT @JustinTrudeau: For the record: This was taken in Yukon in 2013. A spectacular part of this country to explore. #ExploreYukon cc: @Trave…
@EricDSnider They did have an audience! In Halifax, I believe. I'm not sure how it works with the laughter.
Pence's statement on the Syria attack mentions Trump's withdrawal intentions. Sarah Sanders's statement doesn't. https://t.co/adm58jkySP
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Statement from @PressSec on Syria attack where U.S. service members were killed: https://t.co/KngBw3yNte
Did naht expect to ever go on This Hour Has 22 Minutes, but here we are. https://t.co/wT2WwV0sRu
RT @StateDeputySPOX: .@SecPompeo spoke yesterday with #Canadian FM @Cafreeland. They discussed #Russia, #Venezuela, and emphasized the matt…
RT @rklein90: Update: the school also bans LGBTQ students. In a "parent agreement" document, parents are to acknowledge that condoning, pra…
@Anna_Giaritelli This headline is based on one guy who won't let you use his name and did not show you evidence?
RT @jim_newell: Hoyer said on CNN that the SOTU is off, but his spox clarifies: "He hadn’t read the actual letter and misunderstood." Still…
RT @ryangrim: Center for American Progress fired two staffers it suspected of leaking about UAE influence in the think tank https://t.co/YI…
@LOV_MotherEarth @Fahrenthold wow
RT @KilloughCNN: .@KateBolduan asks @LeaderHoyer if @SpeakerPelosi is essentially saying the State of the Union on the Hill is canceled.…
@Fahrenthold How much magenta are we talking about here?
@kerobinso Counted twice.
And one note: I've deleted from the false-claims database 8 instances in which Trump touted the success of an Israeli barrier. I'd thought he was talking about the West Bank one, but it's been brought to my attention that he might be accurately talking about the Egypt one.
Here's the complete database of Trump's false claims since inauguration. He's up to 4,167 false claims, 5.8 per day. That is double the average at the end of 2017. https://t.co/tUlVsaIQoY
Last week was better than the week before, when he made 78 false claims, and it paled in comparison to his pre-midterms dishonesty blitz, but it was still the 23rd-worst week of his presidency. Here's the updated week-by-week chart from @EdTubb: https://t.co/16HKQQlfC1
Donald Trump made 52 false claims last week in a blizzard of immigration lying: https://t.co/CvGbtnNZSz
@timmaguire42 @TorontoStar Experts: "The president is deceiving the public by telling them a fictional story about border trafficking. This is not at all how trafficking happens in real life, and so his solution wouldn't help in real life." Guy On Internet: SO YOU THINK TRAFFICKING ISN'T A BIG DEAL?
RT @Fahrenthold: NEW: T-Mobile inked a merger that needs Trump Admin’s OK. 	Next day: 9 T-Mobile execs had reservations @ Trump hotel https…
RT @MattGertz: The statistics actually are for "walls or fences," including "450 miles of barbed wire fencing prevent reindeer from wanderi…
RT @MattGertz: Trump's tweet about walls this morning is cribbed from last night's Lou Dobbs Tonight.		Left, Fox Business, 7:30 pm	Right, T…
NYT: After Trump met with Putin in Germany, he “telephoned a Times reporter and argued that the Russians were falsely accused of election interference.” https://t.co/QK0kz5Tz5Q https://t.co/Ghvi8s49rw
RT @politico: Kirsten Gillibrand: “I’m going to run for president of the United States because as a young mom, I’m going to fight for other…
@urwalder That is very fair
For those snarking or confused about the Government Employee Fair Treatment Act, it’s the bill to require people hit by the shutdown to get back pay when it’s over. https://t.co/SdT93hA4cb
Here’s Trump’s public schedule for tomorrow. Unless they later decide to open up an event to media, this will be a rare second straight weekday with no appearances on camera. (Public schedules don’t include all of a president’s activities.) https://t.co/f6FybFQvER
@DreverIan @WoodfordCHNL Uh, this is not an example that supports the president’s stories. As the article you’ve linked explains, these people willingly and intentionally made this journey, seeking opportunity. They were not kidnapped or bound.
Experts on human trafficking say Trump’s tales about women being bound, gagged and stuffed in airless vans to be brought in from Mexico do not resemble any reality they’re aware of; they say cross-border trafficking runs on deception, not tying people up: https://t.co/ZQAF6bvbKV
@melissagira @DebbieNathan2 Very interesting. Thank you!
@melissagira Interesting. Could you elaborate? I'm new to this.
Anyway: this started as a brief fact-check for my database, but it's so egregious it deserves its own attention.
Finally: advocates for trafficking victims note that Trump has himself made policy changes that make life more difficult for the trafficking victims he is purporting to be standing up for in the wall battle: https://t.co/Al0ATJuHvu
Even victims who come in illegally are almost never bound for the journey. Rather, they are deceived into the country with promises of good jobs or loving relationships, then trapped once they get here. Expert: "Why kidnap someone when you can convince them to travel willingly?”
Trump says a wall would nearly eliminate human trafficking from Mexico, since victims can't be brought through legal ports. In fact, experts say a high proportion of the victims they work with are brought in through legal ports, on visas.
As he tries to sell his wall, Trump keeps telling stories of women being bound, gagged with tape, and brought over the border in traffickers' vans.		Experts on trafficking are aghast. They say the president has no idea what he is talking about: https://t.co/ZQAF6bvbKV https://t.co/VLwLZixTGU
RT @colvinj: More Trump from today's call: "We're going to win. We're not going back until it's over. We're going to build this wall. It's…
.@alanfeuer’s threads from the Guzman trial are captivating: https://t.co/DWlxxMIP5e
The numbers are in, and they all show this shutdown is playing very badly for Donald Trump. More evidence of the limits of his base-only playbook: https://t.co/iQGYuuUiEF
@EVYSTADIUM It was very funny
RT @aseitzwald: Amy Klobuchar on 2020 to @Morning_Joe: "I have made very clear that I'm looking at this... I also had said I wanted to talk…
RT @NatashaBertrand: JUST IN: Mueller has requested another delay in Rick Gates' sentencing. "Defendant Gates continues to cooperate with r…
@froomkin @MKTWgoldstein thanks
RT @julianbarnes: New: Several times last year Trump told aides privately he wanted to withdraw the U.S. from NATO. @helenecooper and mysel…
@CalebJHull Not a fact-check, just quoting the man! (But I totally would fact-check hamburgers if he lied about hamburgers.)
@CalebJHull I always note the president's perpetually increasing numbers, and I find the little ones both entertaining and revealing -- I think it says something you can't even rely on his claims about hamburgers.
Trump to media yesterday: "We have 300 hamburgers"	Trump to Clemson yesterday: "I go out and send for about 1,000 hamburgers"	Trump this morning: "I served them massive amounts of Fast Food (I paid), over 1000 hamberders"
I've almost entirely stopped noting the president's spelling issues, but: hamberders https://t.co/nLYWyHkzT0
RT @amyfiscus: NEW: Trump has privately told senior administration officials that he wants to withdraw from NATO altogether, per @julianbar…
RT @jdelreal: Thousands of asylum seekers are being released in American border towns with nowhere to stay, no money, no food—often with sm…
Here's the transcript of Trump asking the Farm Bureau crowd to sit so that they could eventually give him standing ovations. https://t.co/MpG7ssFX4e
RT @DeadlineWH: "What's so obvious here is that [Trump] is so evidently flailing. Even when his arguments are lies, when they're highly dis…
@artistsullivan Thank you.
Here’s Trump’s public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don’t include all of a president’s activities.) https://t.co/9nMd2GTtJm
RT @hunterw: I should note that, at one point tonight, President Trump said he bought 300 hamburgers. Later, he claimed he bought 1,000 ham…
RT @pkcapitol: National/DC media will focus on King’s removal from Judiciary (immigration &amp; impeachment there). His GOP primary opponents w…
RT @seungminkim: The King controversy is getting most of the attention today, but the South Dakota senators also pushed back at Trump's use…
@artistsullivan Aw, thank you so much! It's so funny and nice to hear from you through Twitter. Thanks for believing in me at such a young age.
@dougstafford I’ve been waiting my entire time in Washington for a Thornhill, Ontario controversy to fact-check!
It’s easier to succeed with a “my innocent remarks have been misconstrued as racist” defense when you haven’t repeatedly been racist before the remarks you’re calling innocent. https://t.co/x53zyxOQMo
RT @tripgabriel: NEWS : GOP House Steering Committee agreed to strip @SteveKingIA of all committees: Judiciary, Ag, Small Business.  Story…
RT @tripgabriel: Exclu: GOP House Steering committee meeting to strip Steve King of committee assignment  https://t.co/AytfwzVSbK
RT @robertarampton: POTUS with “great American food” for Clemson Tigers visiting WH. https://t.co/VgmQeXNhk6
RT @jdawsey1: "Much of the residence staff at the White House is furloughed – so the President is personally paying for the event to be cat…
RT @ThePlumLineGS: Also from Quinnipiac:		Did Trump's recent televised address to the nation change your mind about building a wall along t…
Going on MSNBC with @NicolleDWallace to talk about Donald Trump
Trump going to great lengths to pretend he didn't mistakenly say "parts" instead of "ports" when talking about the Louisiana Purchase: "We secured new parts. And ports. New parts of the [sweeping hand gesture] map and globe that we never thought. And new ports, very importantly."
RT @NickMiroff: El Chapo moved vast amounts of high-value narcotics into the United States — and almost none of came through unsecured bord…
Trump on expanding the child tax credit: "You know who fought for that? A young woman named Ivanka Trump. That's all she wanted. 'Daddd. Daddd. We have to get that passed, Dad.' I said, 'OK, Ivanka. OK, OK.'"
This is wild: Trump did his regular lie about immigrants not showing up for court hearings...then mocked the people who do show up as required, saying they’re fools. https://t.co/Ae5H5gapYp
This is accurate. The clinic accepts Ontario’s public health insurance, but also you can just go pay privately. (This concludes my hernia-tweeting.) https://t.co/JosM0cbBrM
Trump says he couldn't believe how complex the agricultural business is these days, with all the complex seeds and all. "People don't know this," he says.
Trump hails Bolsonaro: "They're going to have a great new leader. They say he's the Donald Trump of South America. Do you believe it? And he's happy with that. If he wasn't, I wouldn't like the (country?). But I like him."
Trump says he thinks the trade deficit with China is $504 billion, but he's going to say $375 billion because he doesn't want to be criticized. Though $375 billion doesn't count services, this is slight progress on one of his most frequent and most excruciatingly boring lies.
Trump lies that he had 87% approval in Europe when he came in but then got tough on Europe and plummeted. Obama was in the 80s. Trump was never, and he is now at 10% and below in various countries. https://t.co/6bEDXbpGFz
Trump added a Sir for good measure. Tears Stories and Sir Stories are regular partners. https://t.co/rsGDhZGn5W
Tears Alert! Trump says that when he signed his Waters of the US order: "I had ranchers, farmers and some homebuilders behind me. And these are tough people, they were strong, tough men and women. And half of them were crying...One guy, I don't think he cried in his whole life.."
Trump on NAFTA: "I saw what was going on in Canada, the way you were treated: horrible." U.S. farmers overwhelmingly like NAFTA. Some U.S. dairy farmers were unhappy with Canada's protectionist dairy system, which is not representative of Canada's overall agricultural policy.
Trump lies, "We have virtually eliminated the estate tax." He merely raised the threshold at which it has to be paid, didn't eliminate it. As always, he also misleadingly suggests the estate tax was a particular burden for family farmers, almost none of whom paid it.
Trump is lying about his border trip. He was told two people from Pakistan were apprehended the day prior. He just said, stumbling over the lie, "Three were from Pakistan. Four were from another Mideast, two Mideast, countries." There was no other even close-to-Mideast country.
Trump tells his usual lies about how terrorist Sayfullo Saipov brought in 22 people through chain migration (even his aides won't defend this one) and that other countries deliberately give the U.S. bad people through the diversity visa lottery (individuals enter themselves).
Wheels and walls. Walls and wheels.
Trump says one of the members of the media back there said he has actually delivered on more promises than he promised. He started saying that himself, then started attributing it to unnamed people, then started attributing it to someone in the media.
Trump is telling his regular rambling lies. He boasts about how he was the one who finally got the Veterans Choice program passed. It was passed under Obama. Trump signed a law that changes the program.
Trump repeats his tape-over-their-mouths story about human trafficking, then says he doesn't talk about how they're renovating border barriers. He talks about this incessantly.
Trump asks everyone to sit down rather than stand. He explains that this way they can give him standing ovations when they want, whereas if they're already standing, the media will say he didn't get any standing ovations. "It's probably better for me," he says.
Trump to the American Farm Bureau convention on Sen. John Kennedy: "This is a man who is totally brilliant. I don't know if you know what this means: Oxford. He went to Oxford. I'm very much into the world of schools. Oxford -- you have to be very, very smart to go to Oxford."
Kind of funny: Canada's late social-democratic leader Jack Layton was also criticized for going to this hernia clinic, but from the opposite perspective, since he's a champion of Canada's public system but the clinic is private (via @AaronWherry). https://t.co/jaDWLeUdV9
@AaronWherry Forgot about this! Thanks.
Fair enough. But the gotcha is "he's an enemy of socialized medicine but look he's going to the land of socialized medicine." Shouldice is not socialized medicine -- it's a little bastion of capitalist medicine Canadian politicians allow to keep existing. https://t.co/0opGvr8nSS
This isn't really a good "gotcha." This hernia clinic, in my hometown of Thornhill, is one of a very small number of private, for-profit clinics that were grandfathered into Ontario's socialized health system. https://t.co/Z6MmI5ojTV
@JamesFallows @CraigCheslog For sure: private conversation with no witnesses where someone tells Trump a remarkable thing.
@racquets100 There's a new episode.
Thanks everyone for your help. Looks like Trump was talking about something that happened in Mexico, not the US. https://t.co/MBUVKZzAHH
Request for fact help: On Friday, Trump spoke at length about "26 people" who were killed "over the last couple of days" in an area near the border city he visited, and he scolded the media for not reporting this. Does anyone know what if anything he was talking about? https://t.co/UFy9VIRMUo
Oh true. (Obviously not a wall, and in exchange for a broad path to citizenship.) https://t.co/Nz2gGq9ZTF
Trump also lied that Democrats "all raised their hand" to vote for a wall "three years ago" and "five years ago." Some but not all congressional Democrats voted for fencing -- the Secure Fence Act -- 13 years ago.
Trump's comment on the Washington Post story about him seizing the notes of his Putin meeting: 1) "Fake news"; 2) "I just don't know anything about it."
RT @daveweigel: @ddale8 Many strong male members of Congress with tears in their eyes
Trump says many of the Democrats in Congress are "calling" him and saying "we agree with you" on the shutdown. 		Like many of the suspiciously-helpful-to-Trump phone calls Trump describes, there is little chance this is not a lie.
RT @atrupar: TRUMP says he plans to serve the Clemson national championship football team "McDonald's, Wendy's, and Burger King with some p…
RT @seungminkim: "Trump said he was not familiar with comments Rep. Steve King made about white supremacy," per pool
RT @JonLemire: Trump to reporters on White House South Lawn: “I never worked for Russia”
RT @ddale8: Trump twice told a story last week about a 16-year-old being "brutally murdered" and "viciously, violently killed" by MS-13 mem…
The funny thing is that Pirro thought she was being friendly to Trump even in that moment. She asked the “have you ever worked for Russia” question in a mocking tone, like she was saying “let‘s get this ridiculous nonsense out of the way quickly.” Trump didn’t play along. https://t.co/wFvuzBBcFP
RT @Jordanfabian: He’s going to New Orleans today, not Nashville https://t.co/iMO0rAawFB
These are the kinds of Trump lies where even the fact-check is arguably helpful to Trump -- to fact-check him, you have to share the fact that suspected MS-13 members allegedly stabbed a teen, and then Trump supporters go SO U THINK NON-MURDER STABBING IS OK? But facts matter.
Trump twice told a story last week about a 16-year-old being "brutally murdered" and "viciously, violently killed" by MS-13 members on Wednesday. The 16-year-old is alive and suffered non-life-threatening injuries. https://t.co/RTcbqUmFFP
RT @AdamSerwer: The column the president is quoting is a white nationalist screed, complete with paraphrased “white genocide” nonsense, abo…
Today was the day the president called the National Enquirer a better newspaper than the Washington Post. https://t.co/VOKaw500Vq
Here's Trump's public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/OkzExOCil9
@kristoncapps nooo prob, that guy was funny
Trump said Thursday that he thinks *Mexico* is now thinking about building a wall on its border with Guatemala. There is no apparent basis for this thought. https://t.co/u5NyDHiACx
@dgontheroad @Jenn_Pastrak @dave_leiter Incredible. Thanks guys
@kristoncapps (wait you know that's not me right)
@BlakeMurphyODC It’s called The Old Man
@KFILE More like a robotic wiggle
@BlakeMurphyODC Hahahaha. It is true brilliance. You are the master of the Exciting Raptors Moment Comedic Tweet
NEVER A DOUBT #raptors
@joey_doubleyou HE WAS DUE
@BlakeMurphyODC Do you have these planned out? If not you are a supergenius
@ekoreen Fire Casey
Raptors-Wizards: Weird Stuff Happens, Always
I think I offended them into learning how to play basketball
@rdale7 Obviouslyyy
How bad are things for the Washington Wizards? I just made the Dance Cam
@Jenn_Pastrak Hahahahah
Me and 12 Wizards fans are so ready https://t.co/T0RhKXhFIp
Here's the transcript of Trump's response to Jeanine Pirro asking him, "Are you now or have you ever worked for Russia, Mr. President?" https://t.co/cDxtJUSm81
@politicvore Yeah. He also did December overnight trips to Argentina and Iraq-Germany.
RT @maggieNYT: Just reiterating the president is calling into a friend's TV show to say prosecutors should look into someone because he has…
RT @maggieNYT: Just to reiterate, @JudgeJeanine straight-out asked POTUS if he's working for Russia. He did not directly answer the questio…
Josh is one of the best reporters around, but I didn’t want to retweet this until I checked if there was some mitigating context, and yeah, no, he just plain said he hasn’t left the White House in months, two days after his trip to Texas. https://t.co/5j6BSgNtVE
RT @gregpmiller: NEW: After closed door mtg with Putin, Trump took his interpreter's notes, told linguist not to reveal what had transpired…
@MikeVorkunov @30newsletter Thanks so much again, Mike!
@ekoreen This is a good sign though. He's signalling that he can just treat Toronto like Los Angeles in his head.
After telling a story that began "the reason we haven't spent it," Trump then says this in the same minute: "The money they say we didn't spend has been spent, but it hasn't been paid. There's a big difference."
Trump: "They say it's medieval. But so is the wheel, medieval. I look at all the vans....every one of those had the wheel...some things don't change. Wheels and walls. They haven't found an alternative to either of those two. Right? They haven't found an alternative."
Trump tried to sell a concrete wall, then tried to sell a steel barrier. Today: "In many cases, steel walls, it's steel that is, that has, concrete inside. It's pumped into the steel. It's hollow, and it's pumped into the steel. So it's sort of a combination of both."
RT @markknoller: At WH roundtable on border security, @POTUS says declaring a national emergency to get the funds would be the easy solutio…
RT @IowaPress: Just now on @IowaPress: @IowaGOP  chair @kaufmannGOP denounces @SteveKingIA use of “white supremacy” comments but says party…
RT @mckaycoppins: "Some in our party wonder why Republicans are constantly accused of racism — it is because of our silence when things lik…
King: "The people who know me know I wouldn't have to even make this statement...lived in the same place since 1978...There's nothing about my family or my history or my neighbourhood that would suggest that these false allegations could be supported by any activity whatsoever."
Steve King is on the House floor trying to offer a benign explanation for his "white nationalist, white supremacist, Western civilization — how did that language become offensive?" quote to the New York Times, and it is confusing.
The funny part: at first, before Trump decided to claim the Calexico project was his wall, the Border Patrol people in California went out of their way to make clear that the Calexico project was not Trump's wall. From February 2018: https://t.co/TvkqsoUbA8 https://t.co/nxlNLxxUSf
All that has been done is replacing old fencing with better fencing. The replacement project in Calexico, CA has been planned since 2009, the LA Times says. Trump’s administration has started referring to this as part of his wall. But it’s not new territory being protected. https://t.co/JBto71OhO4
RT @scotusreporter: BREAKING: No remaining signs of cancer for Justice Ginsburg, and no additional treatment required, Supreme Court says.…
RT @lomikriel: This IS a crisis: but of migrant families largely turning themselves in, and a broken asylum and immigration court system.	T…
@AWolfeful Hahaha. I think he thought he made himself clear. Trudeau is known for going to Pride parades.
RT @alexburnsNYT: New: GILLIBRAND hires comms director for a presidential run, recruiting @meredithk27 of DCCC fame		The move signals she i…
RT @ThePlumLineGS: News:		Sherrod Brown confirms to me on the record that he's traveling to the early primary states, and will decide on a…
@juliaioffe Yes
RT @sarahdwire: The Army Corps of Engineers has zeroed in on major California and Puerto Rico water projects as a way to pay for Trump's bo…
@PaddyGurks @SpoxDHS I was just scrolling through tweets about this Miami thing and unthinkingly quote-tweeted Morgan Fairchild’s instead of a reporter’s
Good inbox today https://t.co/27g8DMVUKl
Remember when @SpoxDHS tweeted that a CNN story on some TSA employees starting to not show up for work was fake news and then the president praised him for the tweet? https://t.co/QEh8ST7Qjd
@Eileen_Ellis @MrButterChicken About half of the population was born abroad, but many of the immigrants are now Canadian.
How the shutdown is hurting farmers: https://t.co/VpiTzXCzBj https://t.co/lEzx2X9zqR
RT @damianpaletta: No pay on payday.		Imagine selling your child's toys on Craigslist to make ends meet during the shutdown.		These people…
@MrButterChicken I swear, the PATH is one of the three Toronto things Americans mention to me most often. 1) Drake; 2) “So diverse”; 3) THERE’S THIS WHOLE UNDERGROUND CITY IT IS AMAZING
RT @maggieNYT: Possible that Trump saw this story and reacted.  https://t.co/xPSipCGuy9
@EliStokols It's this talking point about heroin from his Oval Office speech, except missing the word heroin. https://t.co/wbKUtn8yce
Republicans in Texas's Tarrant County voted against a push to oust their Muslim vice-chairman on bigoted grounds. @AlexSamuelsx5 is covering: https://t.co/z1c7PIpoIT
@Axels15 @atrupar My point is that Trump didn't say "oh wow, new tidbit from Hannity, must copy." This is a stat he's used on several occasions before.
@BrendanNyhan I don't think that's really fair here.  A near-identical quote was in Trump's speech on Tuesday, and he's used that talking point several times before. Hannity then turned it into a "question."
@atrupar I think worth noting that Hannity's question was lifted nearly word for word from Trump's own speech, wasn't Trump just lifting an original thought from Hannity. (Round and round we go.)
@RockShrimp The argument that the data suggest a need for a wall is not accurate, but the data itself is accurate.
Correct, according to the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration. https://t.co/8oKuT2Uv0s https://t.co/RGCnlqGGdO
@nuttyimknot I've been trumpsplaining for a while now!
This tweet is missing a key noun: heroin.		He usually says the US loses 300 people a week to heroin, 90% of which comes through the border; accurate as of 2017. Intentionally or accidentally, this tweet lets people think 300 people are being murdered by unauthorized immigrants. https://t.co/oqNmrdJq2L
He’s actually talking about American government cars all loaded up with machine guns, not migrants’ cars. (He just likes talking about how he gets surrounded by machine guns.) https://t.co/J0P2Ue1l4g
Trump to Hannity, making the case for a border wall: "You know, I’m looking at all these very expensive cars all over here loaded up with machine guns and every single one of them has wheels." https://t.co/wjRVATGBZx
@mollyesque The thing about Trump is that he’s wrong about such ridiculous things that he makes us look ridiculous for point out he’s wrong about the thing...but what can you do.
Here’s Trump’s public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don’t include all of a president’s activities.) https://t.co/dou8vCfw83
RT @seungminkim: .@realDonaldTrump sounding the most definitive yet about declaring a national emergency in Hannity interview https://t.co/…
@chrislhayes @AlexSamuelsx5 is covering, says they're still waiting for results.
RT @_cingraham: The guy running the #GoFundTheWall campaign has a history of GoFundMe projects with no documentation of the money ever goin…
Updated: Trump lied his way through border-visit day as he escalated his threat to declare a national emergency: https://t.co/uBBtbSzF9y
Trump today on the Border Patrol: "When you meet 'em, it's different. When you meet these people. They're a great group of people. They happen to be very good-looking. I have to say that. They're good-looking people. They're smart, they're tough. They've got the whole package."
The Pakistanis/"Middle East" exchange starts around the 2:00 mark here. https://t.co/E9U3g0XU52
A Border Patrol official told Trump today that they apprehended people from multiple countries yesterday, including Pakistan. Trump asked, "How many Pakistanis?" The man said "two." 		Then, after he finished talking, Trump said: "So they apprehended people from the Middle East."
RT @ESCochrane: Confirmed: the WH has directed the Army Corps to examine supplemental funding — including disaster relief for Puerto Rico,…
RT @JuliaEAinsley: Exclusive w/ ⁦@ckubeNBC⁩ Trump weighing taking money from Puerto Rico and other disaster areas for wall  https://t.co/4Z…
RT @StevenTDennis: McCarthy doesn't say Rs will take any action against Steve King https://t.co/XDqb6OhRoo
RT @AlexNBCNews: GOP Rep. @SteveKingIA goes on defense to @NBCNews @Kasie: "I reject white nationalism. I reject white supremacy" https://t…
This article includes nine false or misleading claims from Trump during this brief visit. I haven’t even seen the complete transcript yet.
Some days, the lying is the story. My early piece on Trump lying his way through his visit to the border: https://t.co/uBBtbSzF9y
RT @AnaGonzalezB_MX: Apprehensions of unauthorized immigrants at the U.S.-Mexico border are at their lowest level in about 4 decades, even…
RT @matthewamiller: Thing I'm most interested in from Cohen is not Russia or Stormy Daniels (where we know a lot), but everything else from…
The president is saying very few true things today. https://t.co/kWvxI0oJw3
The president is saying very few true things today. https://t.co/YCheLXNjp4
@mmm_kantaloupe Yes, and definitely one of the stupidest
Trump: "They were going to build this wall in 2003, in 2006. They were going to build it 20 years ago. They were going to build it forever."		Congress approved fencing in 2006. Twenty years ago, Dem Clinton was president, not interested in a wall. Neither were his predecessors.
RT @maggieNYT: “I look forward to having the privilege of being afforded a platform with which to give a full and credible account of the e…
@BeeseJoe Why would we only look at walls "not built around a city"? He's just talking about "walls." To be generous I made it fortification walls.
This might be the article Trump was talking about. It has two rookie Democrats expressing some concern about how the shutdown will play with voters. Neither, though, said the party wall stance is wrong, as Trump claims they did. Both oppose a wall. https://t.co/PlIvlQwSsE
@joelmmathis Probably right. Thank you
In addition to being nonsensical, Trump's new "wheels are older than walls" claim is inaccurate. Defensive walls are thousands of years older than wheels. https://t.co/X4fNUl0EEB
Trump: "There was a big article in a very important media outlet that just came out where a lot of the young Democrats just elected to office are breaking up and saying...'hey wait a minute, our position...of no barrier, no wall, is indefensible.'" Anyone seen anything like this?
Trump's "argument": Critics say a wall is a medieval kind of defence. But some medieval things are still awesome. Like, wheels. There were wheels in medieval times and there are also wheels now. So if wheels remain awesome and existent, why not walls? https://t.co/OrH92mq9ek
Trump: "A wheel is older than a wall. And I looked, and every single car out there, even the really expensive ones that the Secret Service uses, and believe me they are expensive, I said, 'Do they all have wheels?' 'Yes.' 'Oh. I thought it was medieval.'"
This is another big lie, and very specifically inaccurate. His campaign’s Paying For The Wall proposal claimed Mexico was going to make a one-time payment of up to $10 billion. https://t.co/u9auji3yGM https://t.co/RICpu1epao
RT @abbydphillip: He literally said: “White nationalist, white supremacist, Western civilization — how did that language become offensive?"…
RT @JonathanTamari: Bernie: “To the women in our campaign who were harassed or mistreated, I apologize” https://t.co/wWFnfhYbEK
RT @grace_panetta: Happening now on @BetoORourke’s Insta story: “I’m here at the dentist, and we’re going to continue our series about peop…
Republicans in a large Texas county are holding a vote today on whether to remove the local party vice-chairman because he is Muslim. (Ted Cruz and some other prominent party figures have spoken out against the ouster campaign.) https://t.co/rpdodD3mdW
Trump: "Compromise is in my vocabulary, very strongly."
Trump says the Democrats have "been taken over by a group of young people." He says that in some cases he believes these young people are "crazy."
Obviously, Trump was literal about Mexico supposedly paying for the wall. He did indeed say Mexico would do something like "write a check." https://t.co/3VteL9OgHs
Trump tries to work the WaPo fact-checkers on Schumer's claim that he slammed the table at their meeting: "What you should do is give them Pinocchios."
Trump: "I don't have temper tantrums. I really don't."
What makes this quote so Trumpian: it makes him sound worse here to remind people that he made the "Mexico will pay" promise in front of giant groups of people, but he felt the need to remind us how giant the groups of people were. https://t.co/HKzzFV3slZ
Trump says he'd rather make a deal, but probably will end up declaring a national emergency: "Probably I will do it. I would almost say definitely." He adds: "If we don't make a deal, I would say it would be very surprising to me that I would not declare a national emergency."
Trump says he finds China "far more honourable than Crying Chuck and Nancy."
Trump on Mexico paying for the wall, continued: "And when I said Mexico will pay for the wall, in front of thousands and thousands of people, obviously they're not going to write a check. They are paying for the wall indirectly." (He brought this up unprompted, wasn't asked.)
Trump's fuller quote on Mexico paying: "Obviously I never said this, and I never meant, they're going to write out a check. I said they're going to pay for it. They are. They are paying for it with the incredible deal we made with the...USMCA deal. It's a trade deal." 1/2
Trump said "a number of Democrats" came out this morning and endorsed border security that includes a wall, but the media won't report it because it is "the opposition party." Not personally sure if he is referring to a real thing.
Pretty remarkable quote. https://t.co/pyYGQmYTa0
Here's the transcript of Trudeau's exchange with the dude who asked him to push Trump off a cliff: https://t.co/P0hoImJu6R
A guy at a town hall last night offered to buy Trudeau a beer if he pushed  Trump “off a cliff.” Trudeau was not having this: https://t.co/ad1353Yywd
RT @nytimes: Of the 58 times presidents have declared emergencies since Congress reformed emergency-powers laws in 1976, none involved fund…
Here's Trump's public schedule for tomorrow. I've highlighted the non-travel items in red. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/7ATKI6KAvu
Just now at a British Columbia town hall: a man offered to buy Justin Trudeau a beer if he pushed Trump “off a cliff.” Trudeau suggested we shouldn’t joke about that, per @josh_wingrove. https://t.co/V6KwaYHuNW
RT @hbottemiller: *Thrilling thread re: FDA food inspections &amp; shutdown 👇		FDA might do something like 50 inspections of high-risk food fac…
RT @JonCampbellGAN: Andrew Cuomo just had a semi-impromptu gaggle with reporters.		It started with an aide asking us to move back a few ste…
RT @DanLamothe: NEW TODAY: Coast Guard families told they can have garage sales to cope with government shutdown.		The suggestion -- and ot…
RT @alexburnsNYT: NEW: Steyer will NOT run against Trump		He chose a campaign manager, conducted polling &amp; hired Deval’s top adviser ... be…
RT @Drew_Hammill: In the meeting, Trump said “wall.”  He did not say “border security.” https://t.co/9YN4UO3gVh
RT @josh_wingrove: Bill Morneau's in Washington, apparently? https://t.co/tmauvWQJGr
This might be the stupidest non-Infowars non-Gateway Pundit article I've read during the Trump era, and I've read at least five Daily Caller articles. https://t.co/osc2ga8LXl
Shutdown: "Training has been halted for thousands of western firefighters. The US Forest Service can’t let contracts for needed equipment. In forests across the West, no federal employees are doing work to reduce dry 'fuel' that feeds catastrophic blazes." https://t.co/MbzoZo6INx
RT @GarrettHaake: MURKOWSKI says at lunch she told President Trump that when the government is shut down “there are consequences, and peopl…
Trump is constantly throwing out numbers of years people were supposedly trying to do something - “28 years” and “44 years” are among his faves - that have no apparent specific basis. https://t.co/cedQ5yNzmk
RT @ryanstruyk: Trump on the political implications of caving on shutdown:  "If I did something that was foolish, like gave up on border se…
YOU’RE-the-puppet, as always. https://t.co/Vr9NoZppbc
RT @tripgabriel: GOP senators Murkowski, Capito, Collins, even Roberts are evidence this is not correct		https://t.co/NYWcSwdHQu https://t.…
@kampeas I'll delete because of the ambiguity here.
@kampeas Interesting, thanks Ron.
RT @PhilipRucker: Trump just said of government shutdown over border wall, now in third week: “This is not a fight I wanted. I didn’t want…
@d1moore @EdTubb I did a study last year - dishonesty density is going up. https://t.co/SPnunbDjsm
@Thelast_try Yes, counted each time.
And via editor @EdTubb, here is the updated chart of Trump's false claims by week. Not complimenting a decline to 32 false claims in a week, but notice the acceleration into the midterms and then the dropoff after. https://t.co/34MtrmNlc3
Trump is now up to 4,122 false claims for his presidency, an average of 5.7 per day. He averaged 8.3 per day in 2018, nearly triple his 2017 average of 2.9 per day. Here's the comprehensive database: https://t.co/tUlVsaIQoY
It was non-fun catching up on five weeks of Trump fact-checking, but he actually had a relatively quiet December by his recent lie-standards: before last week's 78, weeks of 41, 22, 32 and 21 false claims. That was more like his 2017 level. (He didn't do as many speaking events.)
Off to a strong start! Trump made 78 false claims in the first week of 2019, including 24 at his first press conference of the year and a rally-level 32 at his first Cabinet meeting of the year: https://t.co/vgBmXVNYHJ
Also, obviously, this is the president saying he will have his government not help disaster victims because he doesn’t like the decisions of their state officials.
The federal government controls more of California’s forests than the state - and big recent wildfires there were not forest fires. There’s a lot of legit criticism of both fed and state under-maintenance (https://t.co/fOHK7ioOej), but experts say Trump is wildly misinformed. https://t.co/byXc7rGA01
@adamrandazzo @richarddeitsch Love some good Buffalo wings! Sounds good to me
@adamrandazzo @richarddeitsch Yes! For like 20 years, went to a lot of sad games. But I’ve quit football in the last two years over the brain injury stuff.
Had fun talking to @richarddeitsch about my job and about the league-leading Toronto Raptors: https://t.co/SQcBbqBVtU
On immigration, Trump only seems to have one trick. The fear-flinging is not working this time: https://t.co/gU2YrSiI0m
RT @PhilipRucker: Big problem for White House right now: Cracks multiplying in GOP ranks on Capitol Hill over shutdown and Trump’s wall dem…
@brithume Look, when a guy repeatedly makes up fake stories about Muslims to make people think bad thoughts about Muslims, it's simply factual to point out he's using anti-Muslim bigotry. When he boasts about sexually assaulting women, it might be generous to merely call that sexist.
RT @peterbakernyt: Even Trump doubts his new strategy for wall funding will work. “It’s not going to change a damn thing, but I’m still doi…
@Crystal_SethLab @chrislhayes That's totally fair, I'm just weighing in on Chris's broader point at 12:20 AM for some reason
Here's Trump's public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/c0xDMwhMeI
@chrislhayes @Crystal_SethLab Fact-check people should ask, “is this a strict assertion of fact?” And then fact-check the Yes ones, and then if they still want to delve into the No ones, it should be under a different heading. I agree it’s bad when they try to “fact-check” subjective claims.
@chrislhayes @Crystal_SethLab I think this particular issue could be addressed with better labeling - calling these ones something else. Like, it’s useful for the AP or others to explain the facts of this dispute, helping people understand the blame game. But that’s just not a “fact check.”
No hate emails are funnier to me than Canada-hating emails https://t.co/UWJqJipF2M
Softer voice tonight, same old demagoguery. Story on a president who has backed himself into a corner and doesn't seem to know a good way out: https://t.co/gU2YrSiI0m
@GSUWillSmith @ChrisCuomo Incorrect! I said I'd missed the first 30 seconds (it was loud in the studio).
I enjoyed how Trump aides told the WSJ they were super-duper fact-checking their content because they knew they had to be real honest from the Oval Office and then Trump just said the regular wrong things he always says.
@pbump I just said goodnight to Rick, he was standing in the corner
This is the same Trump content as always, just in his President Voice.
This is Trump's go-to Big Speech thing: graphic descriptions of murders committed by illegal immigrants. We saw it in his RNC acceptance speech, among other places.
Trump is implicitly referring to the Obamas again. They have some fencing at their house, but it is not surrounded by a giant wall. (It is obviously protected by the Secret Service as well.)
Democrats have repeatedly shown they're willing to fund various border security measures, just not A Wall.
The new trade deal hasn't been ratified by Congress. Even if it is, eventually, possible benefits to U.S. businesses are not a funding stream that pays for an infrastructure project.
Democrats have not made a "request" for a steel barrier, as far as anyone knows. They don't want any of this.
Trump has never personally presented detailed data about how many children are being fraudulently used for border-crossing purposes, merely implying it's common. The evidence suggests it's a small minority of the families who cross.
Most of the heroin Trump is talking about comes through legal ports of entry, not through unwalled areas.
@endlessbats My job as a reporter isn’t “substantive moral rejection,” though I’ve repeatedly pointed out his racism, sexism and anti-Muslim bigotry. I provide people with accurate information.
RT @mkraju: New warning signs for Trump and the White House as Senate Republicans offer tepid support for WH strategy, and clear warnings o…
I’ll be on CNN right after Trump’s speech. If you spot any factual errors from the president, please feel free to flag them to me here.
Helpful breakdown from @DLind on what's actually going on at the border. (Not-at-all-crisis-level numbers of illegal crossers; arguably a humanitarian crisis in handling the high number of families legally seeking asylum, not something a wall can address.) https://t.co/x5JNEqaEbe
@koush @Fahrenthold yeah, that's fair.
@koush @Fahrenthold No, we'd still need to fact check him
Helpful stuff from the Post here with the preemptive fact-check: https://t.co/qfjuAmW0je
Trump has alternated between lying that drug prices are already down, baselessly promising that they’re going to start coming down, and scolding various people because they’re going up. https://t.co/uBCM4vIbd9
RT @oliverdarcy: Each of the big four broadcast networks (ABC, CBS, Fox, and NBC) will carry the Democratic response, as well as all of the…
Since people are talking today about separating lies from truth on immigration, I'd really recommend following @DLind. She corrects misinformation from all sides and knows many times more than me.
RT @KFaulders: The Russian lawyer who met with Donald Trump Jr., Jared Kushner &amp; others associated with the Trump campaign has been charged…
RT @jaketapper: So many members of this administration devote so much time and energy to figuring out ways to try to explain blatant lies a…
Trump last week: “The drugs are pouring into this country. They don’t go through the ports of entry.” https://t.co/JDIIfn0XF6
RT @juliettekayyem: This is hilarious. The Trump Admin has been using a 4K number that wasn't "sensitive."  Sanders gets challenged on it.…
Here's Trump's public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/RXBJF4vM2n
Here's the White House readout of Trump's call with Trudeau, in full: “President Trump spoke with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau today, during which the two discussed the unlawful detention of two Canadian citizens in China as well as bilateral trade issues.”
RT @MarkHarrisNC9: Hey man, 		Sorry I missed you guys tonight. I had to get to the kickoff of the #NationalChampionship game. We’ll have pl…
Here's another strategic Trump misquote. Anthony Tata said on Fox that Trump's Syria critics are the same people "that turned the other way when President Obama cooked the books" on ISIS intelligence. Trump edited it to have Tata accusing these critics of cooking the books. https://t.co/dalDIS83Iw
Trump regularly edits the quotes of his Fox News allies to make himself sound better. Sometimes he's arguably just condensing for space, but he also does a lot of strategic omission and manipulation. Here's a good one from December: https://t.co/X4khxEZxzS
RT @rebeccaballhaus: Trump’s Oval Office speech tomorrow—in which he may or may not declare a national emergency over border security—is on…
Yes, I agree with this. https://t.co/XAOpyBPRPL
@CappyinBoston Uhh are you new around here
He repeats a lot of them, so outlets should be prepared to respond to those right away. But there's really no way to counteract a barrage of live-to-air Trump immigration lies with fact-checking, even if live-TV-fact-checking were a common thing - you can't do it fast enough.
Most of Trump's lying is just Trump being a liar -- it's him ad-libbing out of speeches that are more or less factual. The immigration lying is an administration-wide strategy.
In my experience, immediately fact-checking Trump's immigration lies is harder than immediately fact-checking most other Trump lies -- they're often written into his speeches by people more sophisticated at deception than he is.
RT @jdawsey1: Plus Fox and CNN. https://t.co/N6Pq9EniOX
RT @PaulaReidCBS: UPDATE: @cbs will air @realDonaldTrump first Oval Office address tomorrow at 9pm EST.
Here's the full Trudeau summary of his call with Trump. (Nothing from the Trump side yet. They ended the traditional practice of issuing these "readouts" after calls with foreign leaders.) https://t.co/Yq2XjhAHeQ
RT @TondaMacC: Per PMO readout of Trudeau-Trump call: "The Prime Minister thanked the President for the strong statements of support by the…
RT @TondaMacC: PMO readout of Trudeau call with Trump today: "The two leaders discussed an extradition request made of Canada by the United…
RT @EliStokols: This report, by @JuliaEAinsley, is brand new. It says CBP encountered SIX PEOPLE on the government's terrorist watch list l…
@igorbobic thank you. i know he's come out to California Love before
@igorbobic is this a joke or not
@beerandburritos Vacation! I’ll resume on Wednesday.
@IanBlackburn The system still doesn’t allow postcodes from outside Canada and the US. Sorry about that - I’m not in charge of this.
Dear Americans: You can now sign up for my weekly newsletter, in which I break down the week in Trump dishonesty, without having to pretend to live in Canada. https://t.co/gxlMiNJ8qO
That makes every living president. Absent some additional evidence, it seems pretty safe to say Trump made this up. https://t.co/LjkvAHEOVs
Trump lied this week that he never said he was going to build a concrete wall, just that he'd build a wall. Found this clip of him telling a little boy in 2015, "I'll tell you what it's going to made of: it's going to be made of hardened concrete." https://t.co/WFc44T1rJc
RT @grynbaum: TRUMP wants primetime slot tomorrow to talk shutdown, @esullivannyt &amp; @maggieNYT scoop  		At least TWO major networks still d…
https://t.co/pBensPpJy5
RT @fivefifths: 5 reporters, three stories full of bald racial innuendo, each one with a full interview from the same prison guard union le…
RT @nycsouthpaw: Dec. 19th: "They're all coming back, and they're coming back now." https://t.co/8Jkq6b6bfI
RT @jeremyherb: Smith, continued: "But primarily it's been done to build facilities in Afghanistan and Iraq...In this case, I think the pre…
@dburbach Thanks!
@douglasmack @Maxochism Thank you both very much.
Fact-check help request: does anyone who knows things about the military presence in Guam have any idea what Trump was talking about here? (This is a non-rhetorical question, I am looking for actually-helpful replies.) https://t.co/4AMFLSQDcf
RT @damianpaletta: NEW in the White House's scramble to fix mistakes in their shutdown plans: HUD officials failed to renew housing contrac…
Here's Trump's public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/QW2ddtqRUz
Here are the full quotes from Trump about how he’s going to give Democrats a steel barrier. https://t.co/3QQi3YPmLB
Per the pool reporter, Trump said this afternoon that he has "informed my folks" that it will be a steel barrier rather than concrete, because: "They don't like concrete so we'll give them steel." (Democrats' issue with the wall is obviously not about which material is used.)
https://t.co/rIJrc3XCXn
@AsteadWesley You totally should live tweet it, especially in these early stages with so many candidates...it's really helpful in getting a sense of what's going on.
Trump falsely said: "If you look at San Diego, there's been new wall built. Which doesn't get reported, I don't know why. They don't want to report it."		What's been built is a replacement for an old barrier, not a totally new wall. It's been reported correctly.
For the 17th time, Trump wrongly says his opponent got 223 electoral votes (it was 232). This time, for the first time, he adds, "Or something like that."
Asked if he can relate to the pain of fed workers who now can't pay their bills, Trump said, "I can relate, and I'm sure that the people that are on the receiving end will make adjustments, they always do, and they'll make adjustments. People understand exactly what's going on."
Trump: "I just saw a poll, 75%, it was on Fox, but I just saw a poll, 75% that immigration was so important." Not sure what Fox said, but the newest poll, from the AP, found that 49% say immigration is a top-five problem; 65% of Republicans. https://t.co/haPVowsjfA
Trump on all of his "acting" (non-permanent, not-Senate-confirmed-for-their-new-roles) top officials: "I sort of like 'acting.' It gives me more flexibility. Do you understand that?"
Trump said he's going to call "the head of U.S. Steel" and some other American steel executives to come up with a design for his "barrier," "and we'll use that."
Trump again on North Korea: "I can tell you the previous administration would have been in a war right now if that was extended. You would right now have been in a nice big fat war in Asia with North Korea if I wasn't elected president." There's no sign Obama was heading to war.
Trump repeated his now-familiar false claim about the U.S. military presence in Syria: "When they went to Syria five years ago, they were supposed to be there three to four months. And they never came out." Experts tell me there was never any timetable on the mission.
On the shutdown, Trump said, "I may declare a national emergency dependent on what's gonna happen over the next few days."
Trump this morning: "Iran hates ISIS more than we do, if that's possible. Russia hates ISIS more than we do. Turkey hates ISIS maybe not as much as we do. But these are countries that hate ISIS."
RT @SangerNYT: For those keeping score at home: The announcement by @realDonaldTrump said forces would be withdrawn in 30 days. That means…
@ekoreen https://t.co/FdblXWAsGH
@dhackett1565 Good decision out of timeout to get Fred off Bledsoe
@daveweigel What's the method?
Trump's public schedule for tomorrow says he's departing at 9 AM for the White House staff retreat at Camp David.
RT @rodneyrothman: 3) Eventually we created a boy band no one knew was fake. They appeared on TRL and received 10s of 1000s of emails from…
RT @rodneyrothman: 1) Years ago when I wrote for David Letterman we would make these fake broadway shows and put them on at the end of the…
Houlton’s tweet is itself dishonest. It suggests CNN refused to call a TSA spokesperson for comment. In fact, a spokesperson is quoted near the top of the article. Houlton didn’t explain in any detail how the story is “fake.” https://t.co/OG9X3uCR9X https://t.co/aY6HtKVvsN
@tai_nugget Yes! I put that in my fact-check
There’s no equivalence between the Obama ‘08 situation and the Trump-Cohen situation. The FEC found the Obama campaign made a bunch of inadvertent errors in which Obama wasn’t involved. Cohen says he made hush-money payments, on Trump’s orders, to benefit the campaign. https://t.co/j0O5nosuPI
Helpful video compilation of the things the president says he knows more about than anybody: https://t.co/FpKBNEy12I
RT @DLind: I can't believe I have to fact-check the president on this, but you can't "apply for citizenship" at the US border. You can only…
The Guy Who Privately Told Trump A Helpful-to-Trump Thing is a staple character of Trump‘s fables. The guy only very occasionally exists. https://t.co/1tTuzAXvif
RT @washingtonpost: Three have died in accidents in national parks since shutdown began. The parks were closed during previous extended shu…
RT @washingtonpost: Millions face delayed tax refunds, cuts to food stamps as Trump administration scrambles to understand shutdown's conse…
RT @AdrianMorrow: It's illegal for foreigners to influence U.S. elections, but foreign-owned corporations can make campaign contributions.…
Big, diverse, wide open: the Democratic presidential primary is underway, and it bears little resemblance to the last one: https://t.co/LNvsCHRfs5
RT @BenjySarlin: 95% (!!!) of HUD is furloughed for shutdown. 		"Most of HUD’s routine enforcement activities have been suspended, includin…
RT @EliStokols: Trump also claimed that McConnell wasn't at the Rose Garden presser "because he's running the Senate." 		Except the Senate…
Earlier, asked how it's fair for Cabinet members to get raises while federal workers are going unpaid, Trump said, "We'll have to talk to the Cabinet members, then, okay? I'm sure they don't even know that."
Earlier, Trump said he'd been called by tech companies who complain that they can't keep highly educated foreign workers schooled in the US. He says this is a "ridiculous" policy. *His own policy* has been to make it harder for such people. https://t.co/Eqg8wm4nZk
Trump in conclusion: "The people that won't get next week's pay or the following week's pay, I think if you ever really looked at those people, I think they'd say, 'Mr. President, keep going, this is far more important.'"
Asked if he'd ask landlords to go easy on federal workers not getting paid right now, Trump says, "I think they will...I think that happens. Hey, I've been a landlord for a long time...they work with people." Pressed, he eventually says he would indeed tell them to go easy.
Trump repeats his regular lie that the U.S. loses "close to $100 billion a year with trade with Mexico for many years." Ignoring his description of trade deficits as losses, the U.S. has never once had even close to a $100 billion deficit with Mexico.
Trump repeats his wildly misleading claim that Mexico's VAT disadvantages the US on trade.		This is one of the ones I don't call a lie because it's entirely unclear if Trump has any idea what he's talking about.
Trump says he's not worried about Apple's stock decline because "they've gone up hundreds of percent since I'm president." That's not even close to true. It's been an increase of less than 30%.
Asked about a "safety net" for federal workers who are going without pay and need the money, Trump says, "The safety net is going to be having a strong border."
Trump repeats his regular false claim that Apple is investing $350B in the US because of his tax law. The company's announcement was pretty vague, but experts say more than $250B of that was regularly planned operations spending.
For the third time, Trump falsely boasts that his meeting with Xi in Argentina lasted "almost four hours." He left the meeting site less than three hours after the meeting started.
Trump repeats his false claim that "China is paying us tremendous tariffs." While many Chinese manufacturers eat some of the tariff costs, they are paid by American importers of Chinese products.
Trump says you don't even need to call his border project a wall. "You could call it a steel fence." Flashback to 2015: https://t.co/Uc84dQ14A7
Reminded he promised Mexico would pay for the wall, Trump interjects, "Here we go again." Asked how he is not failing to fulfill his promise, he repeats his absurd argument that the new North American trade agreement means Mexico is paying.
Trump on Democratic Rep. Rashida Tlaib's profane vow to impeach him: "I think she dishonoured herself, and I think she dishonoured her family. Using language like that in front of her son..."
Trump said he asked Pelosi, today, "why don't you use this for impeachment?" (?) He said, "Nancy said, 'We're not looking to impeach you,'" and he said he responded, "That's good, Nancy, that's good."
Trump is lying when he says he's been building his wall. He's accurate when he specifies, on infrequent occasions, that he's talking about renovating existing barriers, some of which has indeed happened.
Trump calls it a shutdown. He keeps calling it a shutdown. https://t.co/fIrYi3ftwg
Asked if he is still proud to own the shutdown, Trump says, "I'm very proud of doing what I'm doing. I don't call it a shutdown."
"Usually it's a left, not a right." Here's the full Trump quote on the driving routes of human traffickers. https://t.co/4VM5DjrSZi
Trump on human traffickers' routes: "They get off the road, and they drive out into the desert and they come in, they make a left turn - usually it's a left, not a right." After getting distracted, he resumed: "They make a right turn before they get to the port of entry."
Trump is wrong when he says, as he has on numerous occasions, that Obama said upon signing DACA that it wasn't going to be upheld. Obama had previously expressed skepticism that he could take unilateral action to protect DREAMers, but not, obviously, at that moment.
Trump in conclusion: "The southern border is a dangerous, horrible disaster. We've done a great job. But you can't really do the kind of job we have to do unless you have a major, powerful barrier."
Trump lies again that the steel industry was "almost dead" before he took office. He is just saying things in rapid succession.
There is, again, no basis for Trump's repeated claim that San Diego begged him to build a wall there. Even San Diego's Republican mayor opposes the wall.
Trump admits that a steel wall would be more expensive than a non-steel wall, but he says he probably wants to do a steel wall "because I really feel the other side feels better about it." (The other side does not feel substantially better about it.)
Trump is doing a lengthy Trump monologue about immigration. Sample: "Children are the biggest beneficiaries of what we want to do." "Three or four women with tape on their mouths, and they're tied up..." "Brand new walls. Beautiful walls. Steel walls."
RT @GeoffRBennett: Schumer, after WH meeting, says Trump told lawmakers he would be happy to keep the government closed for a long time — “…
RT @DaveCBenoit: Jaw on floor: The Medicare prescription drug plan allows insurers to estimate costs per year and pays them based on estima…
RT @DavidNakamura: NEW from the White House typos beat: In a new email to the public, Trump is demanding that Congress come to an “agreemne…
RT @kyledcheney: Sitting congressman to guest host Fox News show: https://t.co/2iWRalh7SX
RT @lawrencehurley: NEW: Appeals court in DC has handed a swift win to the Trump administration on its transgender military ban, tossing ou…
@TommyWiseau Don't plan too much
RT @JustinWolfers: There’s been a weird bubble in recession talk. When payrolls grow at +254k jobs per month over the past three months WE…
RT @Neil_Irwin: +312k payroll jobs. Huuuuge.
RT @Neil_Irwin: Wage growth, at +3.2% year-over-year, ties with October for highest since April 2009—comfortably the highest of this expans…
@netw3rk “Austin, seriously, I would rather throw it off guy’s shoe and then shoot a 28-footer from a phone booth”
RT @daveweigel: Raucous reception for @RashidaTlaib at MoveOn reception near the Hill. Her closing remarks: “We’re gonna impeach the mother…
Here's Trump's public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/AmPUMR3XUK
LePage era over: https://t.co/r0ipHba8gU
These are headlines about one Trump Cabinet meeting. https://t.co/GVFd4UiBG8
@Gleasonavenue @ekoreen I was thankfully on an airplane during that one
@ekoreen I think this is the most upset I’ve ever been at a Raptors game https://t.co/FkdXUMUda1
RT @ryanstruyk: Final Speaker tally:		Pelosi (D) - 220	McCarthy (R) - 192	Jordan (R) - 5	Bustos (D) - 4	Present - 3	Duckworth (D) - 2	Abram…
RT @cam_joseph: Final anti-Pelosi Dem list:	Brindisi (Biden)	Cooper (present)	Crow (Duckworth)	Cunningham (Bustos)	Golden (Bustos)	Kind (Le…
RT @baseballot: By my count, 26 Democrats said during their 2018 campaigns that they would vote against Nancy Pelosi. 12 of them ended up v…
RT @PostRoz: Exclusive: Federal prosecutors investigating whether former Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke lied to the agency's inspector gener…
RT @davidminpdx: His first day on the job, reform DA in St. Louis County, Wesley Bell, fires prosecutor who presented Mike Brown case to gr…
RT @daveweigel: This is big and underrated. There has never -- never! -- been a House Democratic majority without a powerful bloc of southe…
@BlakeMurphyODC Hahaha
Trump economic adviser says "a heck of a lot" of U.S. companies are going to see reductions in their earnings because of Trump's hard line on China -- but he suggests that's a good thing, since "that puts a lot of pressure on China to make a deal." https://t.co/1FJNJ4f7Sj
RT @SalahRabbani: Soviet occupation was a grave violation of Afghanistan’s territorial integrity &amp; nat’l	sovereignty. Any other claim defie…
RT @DevlinBarrett: Justice Dept considers far-reaching rollback of anti-discrimination rules https://t.co/yFdJ46bv36
RT @joshtpm: Sanders whole response to Anderson Cooper re NYT article and staff harassment and pay disparity allegations. https://t.co/7qLt…
RT @AsteadWesley: NEW: Previously unreported claims of sexism, harassment, and gender-based pay discrimination plagued Bernie Sanders 2016…
Indian officials tell multiple outlets they are confused by Trump claiming Modi constantly seeks praise for India building “a library” in Afghanistan, since India has funded lots of major projects there but no major library. https://t.co/mHcNRwgE85
Trump’s public schedule for tomorrow is blank. (Public schedules don’t include all of a president’s activities.)
Trump said Russia was "right" to invade Afghanistan in 1979, since Russia invaded "because terrorists were going into Russia." Shockingly, that is not at all what happened. https://t.co/9jk6OMEVDH
https://t.co/mxx1d9A9KE
Trump on his hard line on trade and his unpopularity with European publics: "I could be the most popular person in Europe. I could be -- I could run for any office if I wanted to. But I don't want to."
Trump: "Jeff Flake is now selling real estate or whatever he's doing."
Trump lies again that he has the highest approval rating in the history of the Republican Party. He's near the top, but post-9/11 George W. Bush was in the mid-to-high-90s; Trump has been around the high-80s.
Trump on Republican voters: "I don't know why, but they like me."
If a wall is "immoral," Trump says, then someone has to "do something about The Vatican," because "The Vatican has the biggest wall of them all." (The Vatican is not encircled by walls.) https://t.co/ypjSKYpCJK
PS all of these Trump comments are from the media q-and-a portion of the Cabinet meeting, not the actual meeting portion.
Trump says he was all alone in his "big house" over the holidays -- "except for all of the guys out on the lawn with machine guns." He says that he's never seen so many machine guns, and they didn't even wave at him. He adds, "All alone with the machine-gunners."
Trump says that if the courts say Obama had the right to do DACA unilaterally, he can do whatever he wants on lots of other stuff. He adds: "Can you imagine me having this power? Wouldn't that be scary?"
Asked about the Syria withdrawal, Trump said he never said it would be "fast." He said it would happen in 30 days.
Trump angrily complains about inspectors general doing public reports about the conduct of U.S. wars: "What kind of stuff is this? We're fighting wars and they're doing reports?" He says: "'The public' means the enemy. The enemy reads those reports."
Trump added that there were many "computer boards" in this Iran meeting with the hottie generals. (I had to wait until other people tweeted "computer boards" to make sure I wasn't imagining this phrase.) https://t.co/x9gGhP9LCs
Trump again falsely claims that Iran is having bigger protests ("riots") than "they've ever had before." The protests in the past year aren't nearly as big as the 2009 "Green Revolution" protests, let alone the Islamic Revolution.
Trump says he had a meeting about Iran and the Middle East with lots of good-looking generals: "Like from a movie. Better looking than Tom Cruise, and stronger."
Trump's hingedness level was not high today.
Trump says he'll protect the Kurds anyway, but: "I don't want to be in Syria forever. It's SAND. And it's DEATH."
Trump's assessment of Syria: "We're talking about sand and death. That's what we're talking about."
Trump: "Russia used to be the Soviet Union. Afghanistan made it Russia. Because they went bankrupt fighting in Afghanistan. Russia."
Trump said he gave U.S. generals "all the money they wanted" for Afghanistan, but they did a bad job. Of Mattis, he says, "What's he done for me? How has he done in Afghanistan? Not too good. Not too good."
Trump criticized the late John McCain by name, twice, for voting against Obamacare repeal. He was very ranty at this Cabinet meeting.
Trump mocked Modi, I think, for reminding Trump that India built "a library" in Afghanistan: "We're supposed to say thank you for the library. I don't know who's using it, in Afghanistan..."
Trump scoffs at the military contributions of U.S. allies to U.S.-led coalitions, saying that a mere "200 soldiers to Iraq" or "100 soldiers from a big country to Syria or Afghanistan" doesn't make up for how these countries take advantage of the U.S. on trade and such.
Trump said European leaders have told him they don't know how they've gotten away with taking advantage of the U.S. so long. 		This is one of the many Trump claims that can't be definitively called false but sure is super-false sounding.
.@pbump has documented this the best: https://t.co/vFjKmDA0pv. Trump took a hotly contested number from an anti-immigration group, then added $162 billion more because why not. https://t.co/Rk7shtq35l
Fox is now showing Trump's comments at Cabinet. He begins the clip by saying he's "heard numbers as high as $275 billion" for how much the U.S. loses per year from illegal immigration. That's a number he himself made up in the last month.
@AaronMehta Kk, fair enough.
@AaronMehta No?
Jeff Mason is tweeting from the Cabinet meeting, and the president does not seem to be doing much saying of true things. https://t.co/sGHI475uM6
RT @EliStokols: @tackettdc Pool report #4 ( with cabinet meeting ongoing):		The president said his job would be “a lot easier if I just rel…
RT @SecPompeo: Great meeting President @jairbolsonaro to reinforce our shared commitment to democracy, education, prosperity, security, and…
@daveweigel Whoa if Ju
People like to debate the vocabulary choices - "lie" vs. "false claim" and all - but it's much more important simply that there is coverage like this, clearly pointing out the dishonesty in straight-news stories.
Rather than amplifying Trump's lies, the Post makes the lying itself the story: https://t.co/F1AzbrjipM https://t.co/Y04TzhWBLG
@EcurbWordoow The in-house pool spray is when "pool" representatives of the White House press corps are let into the meeting for a little while, which is known as a "spray." That's how we get that footage of Trump in Cabinet or in the Oval with a foreign leader.
@ArticleOne1979 The in-house pool spray is when "pool" representatives of the White House press corps are let into the meeting for a little while, which is known as a "spray."
The White House has resumed issuing a public schedule for Trump. Here it is: https://t.co/YMNToHO6as
@KonaDrake His White House is not shut down.
RT @TheAtlantic: Just in: Washington Governor Jay Inslee is running for president with a single-minded focus: pulling the country back from…
For the 12th consecutive day, there is no public schedule for Trump today. The White House hasn't released one since December 22.
RT @svdate: The first two sentences in this are statements of fact. 		They are both completely false. https://t.co/nAhPofn0DR
@CommasFTW I tried to contact a Selby Henry who is running a NGO in Grenada, but I did not hear back, so I don't know if it was him.
Great moments in media: Trump's team gives the Washington Examiner an "exclusive" list of 205 supposed "historic" accomplishments he will campaign on; the Examiner just publishes it in full; Trump tweets about it as if it came from the Examiner. https://t.co/4xa1t9Gt6l
@mehdirhasan Precisely!
On Christmas, Trump told five consecutive lies without stopping until he said "I wish everybody a Merry Christmas" -- 317 straight words in which he jumped from a dubious claim to a nonsensical claim to a lie to a lie to a lie to a lie to a lie. https://t.co/5RUn0fPh2b
RT @cafreeland: Merci beaucoup à toute l’équipe d’@infomantv pour ce nouveau chandail. https://t.co/Mx8VVQvs6t
@Shrink_Wrapped_ Thank you very much, Peter! 		I try not to make predictions anymore. They’re usually wrong.
@funadman111 Thanks so much, James!
@barblet30 Thank you.
@Klayoven Thank you so much!
@SharonNickerson Thank you, Sharon.
I’m not saying he won’t lie again before midnight, I’m saying I’m not going to fact-check it until tomorrow https://t.co/RjZGf334cG
A fitting final fact-check of 2018: 		This is complete nonsense. https://t.co/Vt7BaWFTro
@netw3rk Major lol
What do you think big media outlets need to do/do better in covering the 2020 presidential election?
@Sarah784 Thanks so much, Sarah!
@MarkSwitzer66 Thanks so much, Mark.
@BrianPHuntley I get irritated by these issues too. Thanks for persevering.
@DianneSinger Thank you Dianne!
@jennyleeshee Thank you so much!
RT @justinsink: the president just tweeted that he was in the oval, but no marine outside the west wing https://t.co/Y5EAx2wOoV
Closing pitch: a lot of stuff the Star does -- especially in 1) exposing government wrongdoing, secrecy and dishonesty and 2) standing up for powerless people -- would simply not be done if the Star didn't do it. Please consider subscribing if you can! https://t.co/HFRConxruJ
Finally, everything @kdaubs writes on Toronto's history is both educational and so much fun.  I loved this, on the journalistic error that got Toronto to prematurely celebrate the end of World War I. https://t.co/JCmGAa2bCW
My biggest regret from my Rob Ford days at city hall is that all of the personal fiascos distracted me from the policy fiasco over Scarborough transit. So much admiration for @jpags's refusal to just let it drop: https://t.co/XFqPELPdOJ
I didn't know that Ontario's jury list is based on the property tax rolls, which means it excludes many renters. @jleerankin and @thecribby, working with Ryerson, spent two years figuring out how disproportionately white the juries are as a result: https://t.co/sDLVxXt3z0
A team of five Star journalists revealed how doctors are committing egregious misconduct in the U.S., including serious crimes, and then simply returning to work in Canada, without Canadian patients being told anything about their bad pasts: https://t.co/zMnKhW9zr3
This, from @amydempsey, is not only a gripping true-crime read -- seriously it's so good -- but a spectacular investigation. She exposed deadly errors by Peel police and Ontario's coroner and forensic pathology service:  https://t.co/6852OHenOn
Toronto Star journalists are tweeting out their favourite Star stories of the year. It is my turn.
RT @IsaacDovere: And so it begins: Elizabeth Warren announces exploratory committee, getting a little 2020 jump in what's left of 2018. 	"I…
@joshtpm Ah ok - it looks like there is some (earlier?) version of this underlying article that substantiates the RS headline https://t.co/Gbos3gDxoI
@joshtpm This was a terrible one - https://t.co/Z9YU9epsg0
@joshtpm Raw Story does this a lot. They’re bad.
RT @Mediaite: Toronto Star's Daniel Dale on CNN: Just Airing Trump Unfiltered is 'a Disservice to the Truth' https://t.co/L1aZAk5zuT https:…
RT @mattdpearce: LAT investigation: “Paradise ignored repeated warnings of the risk its residents faced, crafted no plan to evacuate the ar…
RT @chrisgeidner: This is completely false, as detailed in the OIG report where this number is explained. The "deleted" texts are actually…
RT @maggieNYT: Kelly says the "wall" was abandoned as a concept early in the administration. Trump still said "wall" for most of the last t…
@MT @brianstelter @secupp @CNN Hey Michael! I use a laptop when I’m doing the live-tweets. I type somewhat fast, but my “secret” is that I watch on a YouTube stream, which allows me to quickly rewind to get full, accurate quotes...then I listen on fast-forward to catch up.
Before Kamala Harris, the most successful politician from Quebec’s Westmount High was former Canadian Conservative public safety minister and Canadian Alliance leader Stockwell Day, class of 1967...who was, to my surprise, pretty positive about Harris. https://t.co/Ykanc6gfGR
@SoundsKugle @BurnettCynthia @TorontoStar Since it’s not part of the city, we went with the “near” to be strictly accurate without having to get into an explanation. Either way has its issues!
In conclusion: Most of Harris's Canadian classmates remember her as an outgoing achiever who danced well, dressed well and made friends across racial and economic lines. One, however, is still upset that Harris ditched her in Grade 11, and now calls Harris "pretend sweet." #drama
Harris's cautious response when I asked about how she was impacted by her years in Montreal/Quebec/Canada, or memories of Canada, or her connection to Canada: “While my sister Maya and I made great friends and even learned some French, we were happy to return home to California."
I called up Hugh Kwok, the Montreal car businessman whose shoulder Harris had her arm on in the Class of '81 photo. He had no idea she was in politics. When I asked him what he thought of her running for president, he asked, very casually, "President of what?" https://t.co/S4l2fJEm1D
California Sen. Kamala Harris went to high school in Montreal. Her Westmount classmates tell me they're excited about her potential run for president, and not surprised: https://t.co/jIp39GSGT6 https://t.co/Sl98nPVNAX
RT @CEDickson: Both fathers have said that their children were in good health before crossing the border and Jakelin’s dad has denied CBP’s…
RT @terrence_mccoy: NEW: Shortly after a Mollie Tibbetts’ body was found, and an undocumented immigrant was charged with murder, the labore…
@LeoRautins Thanks Leo! Will be listening to you on League Pass.
@davedoylemma it's honestly going to be terrible, but i'm not going to think about it until then.
I'm off until after Christmas. Have theee most fun three weeks, everybody.
RT @sabrod123: Pelosi casts doubt that Trump's #USMCA can win approval in Congress without changes to bolster labor and environmental prote…
RT @JoeBrunoWSOC9: BREAKING: Dan McCready tells me he is officially withdrawing his concession.		In an exclusive interview, he tells me he…
The Trump-friendly Hanukkah crowd at the White House chanted "four more years." Trump said, "Thank you very much...it is actually six more...I've actually never heard 'four more years.'" (He has heard people chant four more years to him.)
Trump recalled the Hanukkah miracle, decried antisemitism and violence against Jews past and present, praised Israel, criticized Iran, and hailed Jews' contributions to the U.S. He said, "We reaffirm our unbreakable solidarity with the Jewish people."
Just tuned into Trump's Hanukkah event. He was in the middle of his lie about how the move of the embassy in Jerusalem, which will cost at least $21 million, cost "right around $400,000."
RT @Bakersfieldcali: Congressman David Valadao has conceded the race for the California 21st Congressional District, his office announced T…
RT @perlberg: You will be shocked to learn that Michael Bloomberg's comments that he may end political coverage at Bloomberg News if he run…
RT @pbump: Woodhouse has said this before. NC law, though, allows for a new election even without this being shown. https://t.co/xgSscVBikp
@egavactip Nope, it has to be approved by both.
This is the kind of thing that used to sink presidential nominees, even those who didn't rail against unauthorized immigrants: an unauthorized immigrant tells the NYT that she has made Donald Trump's bed and cleaned his toilet at his Bedminster club. https://t.co/hf7ukNoMWU
House Democrats say they’re not sold on the revised NAFTA. This is going to be a long approval process. https://t.co/lFdl6zkiQv
With 59 false claims, last Monday was the second-most-dishonest day of Trump's presidency. The record was the day before the midterm, with 74. He just beat the day three days before the midterms, which had 58. https://t.co/XHQEYBCBHe
RT @mattwilstein: After initially letting it go unchallenged, @FoxBusiness host Stuart Varney was ultimately forced to issue an apology for…
RT @JenniferJJacobs: LATEST: The U.S. will seek to extradite Meng Wanzhou, who was arrested in Canada, sources say. 	It could take more tha…
RT @politico: The Chinese government demanded answers from the U.S. and Canada Thursday as the chief financial officer of Chinese telecom g…
RT @TheStalwart: If you haven't read it yet, this is a great explainer of how big of a deal the Huawei arrest story is  https://t.co/Mrcr2j…
RT @stevebenen: Trump last month: "I have answered [Mueller's questions] very easily."		Giuliani this month: "Answering those questions was…
RT @sahilkapur: Dem leaders had been open to a DACA-for-wall deal earlier this year. It sounds like their price of negotiation is going up…
RT @MollyBeck: Controversial lame-duck proposals now in Scott Walker's hands as Democratic groups eye lawsuits https://t.co/mOg1yLi5FX via…
RT @TorontoStar: And #ICYMI: Washington State regulators have rejected Hydro One’s proposed takeover of Avista Corp. citing political inter…
RT @TorontoStar: #Breaking: Premier Doug Ford insists he’s not to blame for U.S. regulators zapping Hydro One’s $6.7 billion takeover of Av…
@michmaclean I've been told the average is $35 Canadian, which is $26 US.
A+: Former Republican governor of North Carolina responds to possible absentee ballot fraud by North Carolina Republicans by calling for the abolition of non-military absentee voting. https://t.co/2vmQPSYhyw
RT @JonLemire: “Trump has been snappish with aides most of the week, miffed in part by so many ceremonial events not related to him. He was…
@michmaclean I will try to find out! Thank you.
Here’s Trump’s public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don’t include all of a president’s activities.) https://t.co/t4hdQ02DDH
Trump on November 20: "And, by the way, just so everybody knows, I have no business whatsoever with Saudi Arabia. Couldn't care less."		@Fahrenthold: 		https://t.co/ixeE6qas9y https://t.co/e8vJYZ5HND
RT @ForecasterEnten: In NC-9: Is there credible voter affidavits alleging illegal activity? Yes. Is there a ballot harvester on record conf…
RT @ddale8: New: Donald Trump made 44 false claims in his one-day trip to Mississippi, 59 total that day, and 91 total last week, the 11th-…
RT @nycsouthpaw: This is largely a rehash of the previous filing but it adds a few details. Cohen says he met 7 times with Mueller’s team,…
Democrats have a 40-seat gain in the House. There's a chance they can get to 41 if a new election is eventually called over what seems to be Republican shadiness in NC-9. https://t.co/yfKJ20bKFE
RT @nytimes: Breaking News: Global greenhouse gas emissions are rising at a faster pace in 2018, scientists said, comparing the crisis to a…
@ckk81 That’s so nice of you. Thank you.
Every year since 1906, the Star has raised money to give underprivileged kids a Christmas present. We're trying to reach 45,000 kids this year. 100% of the donations are spent on the gift boxes. If you can give, there's a form/address/phone number here: https://t.co/BUcqnyTvZH
RT @igorbobic: Paul Ryan has been silent on GOP's power grab in WI. 		On Monday, he said this about H.W. Bush:		“He was the first president…
No president was more courageous or principled than George H.W. Bush, former Canadian PM Brian Mulroney says in eulogy: https://t.co/9UumzxPXfT
Here's the Mulroney section that seemed most like a subtweet of Trump. https://t.co/uhtZbJ4uHp
Mulroney says that when Bush was president, every other world leader knew they were dealing with a "genuine leader," one who was “distinguished, resolute and brave.”
NAFTA shoutout: Mulroney, who negotiated the agreement with Bush, says Bush's agreement “created the largest and richest free trade area in the history of the world." Also hails him for the Americans with Disabilities Act and the acid rain treaty.
Former Canadian PM Brian Mulroney, a friend of Bush, has begun his eulogy. He says that in the history of the world's greatest democratic republic, no president has been “more courageous, more principled and more honourable than George Herbert Walker Bush.”
RT @CanadianAlly: We remember your service.	We remember your dedication.	We remember your leadership.		The @CanadianForces salutes you, Sir…
RT @jbouie: File under “the invisible primary is happening” https://t.co/wxLmF6SnPh
Notable stat from @EdTubb: Last week, with 91 false claims, would have been a record in the first 17 months of Trump's presidency, until late June 2018. Now, after this five-month liesplosion, it ranks 11th.
Milestone: Trump averaged 2.9 false claims per day through 2017. He is now averaging 5.8 per day for his presidency. How? He is averaging 8.9 per day in 2018 - triple his 2017 level. Here's the full database of 3,924: https://t.co/tUlVsaIQoY
From editor @EdTubb, here's the week-by-week chart of Trump's dishonesty. This period continues to be very bad. https://t.co/a96yvx99qK
New: Donald Trump made 44 false claims in his one-day trip to Mississippi, 59 total that day, and 91 total last week, the 11th-worst week of his presidency: https://t.co/HjbDQSURUb
Here's Trump's public schedule for today. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/NjIAA07kU0
Trudeau has also ordered flags lowered to half-staff today at Canadian federal buildings and at Canada's offices in the U.S., including the embassy.
Canadian former prime minister Brian Mulroney will deliver one of the eulogies for George H.W. Bush, as he did for Ronald Reagan. Trudeau's government will be represented by Ambassador David MacNaughton and MP Scott Brison, who was in Washington for a bilateral event yesterday.
RT @patrickdmarley: Good morning, Wisconsin. Your legislators have not been sleeping. 		Here's the latest on the lame-duck session from the…
Canadian reporters in the US have long marvelled about how much easier it is to get Americans talk to us than to get Canadians, but some of the characters in the NC fraud story are truly next-level talkers to media. https://t.co/HaQVOmXHhT https://t.co/1BYEvTsJPZ
RT @MollyBeck: Wisconsin Senate passes bill that implements state's Medicaid waiver, codifying drug testing and work requirements for welfa…
RT @sbauerAP: Update on Wisconsin:		_ Assembly debating Medicaid bill Senate just passed		_ Huge bill on governor and attorney general's po…
RT @ElectProject: Turnout update: With still some states yet to report certified or official results, turnout for the 2018 midterm stands a…
Facing citizen votes to raise the minimum wage and expand sick leave, Michigan Republicans voted on the plans before the election, to take them off the ballot. Today, in lame-duck before the Dem governor comes in, they voted for a major weakening of both. https://t.co/BpvdJkdUJy
Meanwhile in Wisconsin: https://t.co/SZ5wgWOAin
RT @bradheath: Flynn also provided information to Mueller about a second matter that's still secret, this one seemingly under the umbrella…
RT @chrisgeidner: BREAKING: Michael Flynn had 19 interviews with the special counsel's office, per the office, which says criminal investig…
RT @bradheath: Mueller's office says that it can't reveal the details of all of Flynn's assistance because "the investigations in which he…
RT @bradheath: NEW: Mueller's office says former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn "has assisted with several ongoing investigations, in…
RT @NatashaBertrand: Mueller on Flynn: "Given the defendant’s substantial assistance and other considerations set	forth below, a sentence a…
RT @oneunderscore__: Rudy Giuliani accidentally tweeted a domain. Someone bought that domain and wrote that Trump is a "traitor."		Giuliani…
This is complete fiction. Under protester pressure, Macron agreed to delay a planned increase in fuel taxes. He does not at all agree that the Paris Accord is fatally flawed. https://t.co/IpLa7h4Qj7
@aedwardslevy WASHINGTON - Don't call it a pivot, but there's been noticeably less levy-ty on Ariel Edwards-Levy's Twitter feed lately.
My god people are still doing these stories? https://t.co/KyVh4c1Mhx
RT @AndySpecht: McCrae Dowless issued more than 575 absentee ballot requests in Bladen County https://t.co/E6haHDs2eO		For context, there w…
"Where I live." Some more Republican explanations for their Wisconsin power grab: https://t.co/UPNNd6hEAk
This is Wisconsin Republicans' official explanation for the anti-democratic plan they're trying to pass today to strip powers from the newly elected Democratic governor and attorney general. https://t.co/m05Vj5gAY4
WaPo reports that the Democrats, who will likely have a very large presidential field, will not divide candidates between main debates and kiddie-table debates like Republicans did in 2016, instead mixing early frontrunners with early trailers. https://t.co/4RsdjDbUUy
RT @JoeBrunoWSOC9: What happened to the ballots Kinlaw picked up? She gave them to McCrae Dowless. After that, she doesn't know. 		"I don't…
RT @JoeBrunoWSOC9: Like the woman I interviewed yesterday, Kinlaw never mailed the ballots. She gave them to McCrae Dowless. She doesn't kn…
RT @JoeBrunoWSOC9: Exclusive: A second woman, Cheryl Kinlaw, tells me she was paid $100 by McCrae Dowless to pickup absentee ballots. She s…
RT @joshrogin: State Dept official Scott Busby: "There are at least 800,000 and possibly up to a couple of million" of Uighurs and others d…
Trump is having a “brief” meeting with executives from Daimler, BMW and Volkswagen, the White House says.
@MollyBeck @JBeleckis @gazettextra @dominos There is some weirdly good journalism on this https://t.co/2UHy4V7tJY
Trump has forced the Associated Press to run headlines like this. https://t.co/8I3Wq1ly9D
RT @nytimes: Emantic Fitzgerald Bradford Jr. was shot three times from behind, according to a forensic examination. He was directing panick…
RT @politico: Breaking: Thousands of sensitive emails were stolen from the National Republican Congressional Committee in a major hack duri…
Local Tariff Man Still Doesn't Appear To Understand Foreign Countries Don't Pay His Tariffs, Americans Do https://t.co/4SFvd94JgD
Fast! Trump has gone from "it's an incredible deal" to "seeing whether or not a REAL deal with China is actually possible," and "China will be buying massive amounts of product from us, including agricultural," to "China is supposed to start buying Agricultural product." https://t.co/WPa8mSYsjc
RT @JoshuaGreen: Never trust a Trump tweet https://t.co/fhCmONwNUK
Little-noticed last week: Trump told another quite clear journalist with an accent, "I cannot understand you." It's at the 5:08 mark here. https://t.co/pB223vKdCk
In a new size boast, Trump also claimed that the authorities close down a bigger section of New York City when he visits than they did when Obama visited. https://t.co/hwbwQvkJc3
Trump told the New York Post last week that he is going to get robbed of a Nobel Peace Prize like he was robbed of an Emmy when the "terrible" Amazing Race beat his Apprentice. https://t.co/kH36i4bd6j https://t.co/cJa0tS1s3A
@blueeyedGMer No. Republicans retained their Assembly and Senate majorities.
The Wisconsin Republicans declined to move forward with only one part of their package of proposals, to spend $7 million to move the state's presidential primary to held a party candidate in a state judicial race.
Wisconsin Republicans voted late last night to move forward with their undemocratic proposals to reduce the powers of the new Democratic governor and attorney general; they intend to hold final votes today. https://t.co/YzfihltoKS
RT @patrickdmarley: Scott Walker signals support for Republican plan to shrink power of Tony Evers, Josh Kaul - via @MollyBeck https://t.co…
This is the climate version of his immigration rhetoric. When other countries send their air, they're not sending their best.
Greta Van Susteren asked Trump about climate change. Talking nonsense as usual, he said the problem is that other countries have "not-good air that comes over to the United States." He said of China's Xi: "He's got to do something with his climate." https://t.co/1L3ennh0z8 https://t.co/W6XIRWVmDC
RT @PoliticsWolf: "Stung by midterm losses, Republicans in some states are pushing to use their gerrymandered majorities to undemocraticall…
Here’s Trump’s public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don’t include all of a president’s activities.) https://t.co/zZd1B1v5Yq
@bruce_arthur That one seemed a little too obvious a mugging to expect them to ignore.
RT @BowTiePolitics: This is a stunning admission in the #NC09 election controversy by ⁦@wsoctv⁩’s ⁦@JoeBrunoWSOC9⁩ on what one of the “harv…
RT @ezraklein: I think two things are true here:		1. Medicare-for-All can be paid for, and may even save money, contra many conservative cl…
RT @JonathanTamari: Prosecutors have not said why they didn’t charge Brady. He didn’t run for re-election this year https://t.co/xkEuIvfefB
RT @MollyBeck: .@SenFitzgerald said Republicans put forward plan to weaken incoming Dem guv power because 'We don’t trust Tony Evers right…
.@sbauerAP, @msommerhauser and @ehamer7 are among the people covering the hearing in Wisconsin. https://t.co/jZUNBXiAcI
RT @mmcassella: I asked Larry Kudlow for more details on this and to what level those tariffs are expected to drop. His answer: “We don’t y…
Kudlow also said that Trump was happy with the USMCA signing ceremony...because "everybody showed up." Trudeau's team had suggested he might not show up if the steel tariffs weren't lifted.
I asked Larry Kudlow, Trump's top economic adviser, when Trump plans to initiate NAFTA withdrawal and why. He wouldn't say when. As to why, he said, "I think he’s trying to light a fire under Congress. That’s my guess, my hunch. We haven’t talked about it in any detail.”
RT @patrickdmarley: Republicans are considering the change because they believe it will make it easier for conservative Justice Daniel Kell…
RT @patrickdmarley: State Elections Commission -- three Republicans and three Dems -- comes out against plan to move Wisconsin's 2020 presi…
RT @ChrisMegerian: I just talked to Rudy Giuliani about this tweet. He says it’s not obstruction of justice because the president is only e…
Ambassador Cornstein also told the Post that he didn't get why this is international news, saying Soros's university is way smaller than Ohio State, and that this is just a grudge match between two dudes, "doesn’t have anything to do with academic freedom."
The US ambassador to Hungary, a businessman pal of Trump, endorses Orban's eviction of a university founded by Soros, saying Soros should've been nicer to Orban, because the school is a guest like he was when he sold jewelry at others' department stores. https://t.co/xResjExiQP
Wisconsin Republicans are holding a hearing this afternoon on their anti-democratic plan to strip powers from the newly elected Democratic governor and attorney general before they take office. The Republicans plan to be voting on it by tomorrow. https://t.co/Em0s8VFeFG
RT @jimsciutto: The public signaling between targets of the investigation and the president with pardon power is remarkable. https://t.co/0…
More moment-to-moment Trump rhetoric: in most of his rally speeches, he boasts that he personally raised the military budget to $716 billion, and it’s necessary. Today “the U.S.” did it, and it’s “crazy!” https://t.co/sg3BAT338e
Perhaps “big leap forward” is not the best phrase in the context of this particular country https://t.co/xi7EyRNywI
RT @jonathanvswan: Alan Dershowitz told me he's still advising Jeffrey Epstein and that he “had a therapeutic massage with an old old Russi…
Here’s Trump’s public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don’t include all of a president’s activities.) https://t.co/wh3zMayzze
Trump Friday: The new trade agreement has been so well-reviewed, it won’t be a problem to get congressional approval 		Trump Saturday: I’m terminating NAFTA to get Congress to approve the new trade agreement 		https://t.co/jiReaqLOUg
RT @normative: Previous investigations dragged on for years without having to untangle years of international financial transactions, data…
RT @normative: This, but also, it is really not taking long at all—either relative to historical special counsel investigations or to the c…
@CapitalY1 @ReutersZengerle I just decided to be this year after loving the World Cup. Decided to go for LFC. I’m now so into it
@ReutersZengerle Origiiiii
@opinion_joe It’s not clear. Some experts say yes, some no. It’ll end up in court if he tried.
The Canadian government would not comment on the record about Trump's threat. An official said on condition of anonymity, “We are focussed on our domestic ratification process and not a process that is internal to the U.S.”
Yes, but I think some Trump critics are wrong when they say it’s just NAFTA by another name. There are some significant changes, though it remains essentially NAFTA. https://t.co/QoelV1Q6RT
But Canada and others have learned that it's unwise to dismiss Trump's trade threats as bluster; he *has* done a lot of the things he threatened to do. So we will see. This is more uncertainty, a day after Trudeau hailed the new agreement for lifting uncertainty.
Caveat 1: Trump issues a lot of trade threats he doesn't execute. 2: He's been talked out of this specific move on previous occasions. 3: He couldn't "terminate" the agreement immediately; he'd trigger a six-month notice period. 4: It's unclear if he has the authority to do this.
Story: Trump claims he's going to withdraw the U.S. from NAFTA to give Congress a take-it-or-leave-it choice between his new agreement and no agreement at all: https://t.co/jiReaqLOUg
@WitoldHayes He can’t.
Judges, potentially. An attempted Trump withdrawal would be guaranteed to end up in court. https://t.co/MMj0aep9k0
@DJChocolateMLK When the president says he’ll do something that’d have a major impact on the Canadian economy, Canadian reporters are going to write about it
Also, we’ll see if he does it. He’s been talked out of initiating the withdrawal process before. But this is very much not what Canada, Mexico and the U.S. business community want to hear.
Trump told reporters late last night he’ll be withdrawing from the original NAFTA to pressure Congress to accept the new agreement, giving them a choice of the new agreement or nothing. It’s unclear he can withdraw without congressional approval; some experts say yes, some no. https://t.co/JvmQ2xJajB
The Wisconsin Republicans released their proposals to thwart the will of the voters late Friday afternoon. They're planning to hold votes on Tuesday. https://t.co/LvvHu5h7jy
Michigan Republicans have also introduced an anti-democratic proposal to take power away from the newly elected Democratic governor and attorney general before they take office: https://t.co/n8qbEj22GM
This is a factual thread (from a liberal activist) laying out the Wisconsin Republicans' proposals: https://t.co/DfvycLhjsT
In Wisconsin, Republicans have put forward a wildly anti-democratic proposal to strip powers from the newly elected Democratic governor and attorney general before they take office, cut early voting, and improve their chances in a state Supreme Court race: https://t.co/Ysz3GLVMoR
RT @bradheath: The lawyers for President Trump's former personal attorney, Michael Cohen, made clear in a court filing last night that he i…
https://t.co/QN7WteLZWV
RT @katieglueck: "North Carolina’s state board of elections again declined to certify Republican Mark Harris’ apparent victory over Democra…
RT @JamilSmith: It seems that we have a real case of voter fraud happening in North Carolina. Specifically, absentee ballot fraud on the pa…
RT @srl: Wisconsin Republicans will introduce sweeping legislation to limit early voting and strip power from the incoming Democratic gover…
American name for the trade agreement: USMCA (US first)		Canadian name: CUSMA (Canada first)		What the Trudeau government is actually saying: “the new NAFTA”		Mexican name: T-MEC (Mexico first, US gets only one letter)		https://t.co/FYDlIk8bpq
Trump will hold a press conference at 1:45 PM Eastern tomorrow, between his meeting with Erdogan and his dinner with Xi, according to his schedule.
RT @bradheath: DOJ also says that when President Trump comments on national security matters on Twitter, that doesn't mean his statements a…
RT @cassandrajar: BREAKING: Dallas Police officer Amber Guyger indicted on a murder charge for killing 26-year-old Botham Jean https://t.co…
RT @AaronBlake: 6 White House officials reprimanded for violating the Hatch Act via @myhlee https://t.co/OIIMdV1QBE
There are overarching US complaints about the trade agreement  (progressives say insufficient labour-standards enforcement on Mexico, social conservatives decry LGBT rights provision, etc.), and then lots of lawmakers from both parties have specific local issues. https://t.co/JwMMnEj9yF
The saddest part of the Star newsroom. https://t.co/tF48KF0Has
RT @snlester: Important NAFTA text change on gender discrimination: https://t.co/cGEzqQ2XmT
RT @kyledcheney: Biggest news of the morning: Prosecutors are considering retrying Manafort on the 10 charges that resulted in a hung jury…
RT @kyledcheney: NEWS: Manafort sentencing date tentatively set for March 5. Late January arguments about whether he breached his plea deal…
@catmidnite They’ll approve it fast. Congress is the question.
Trump, Trudeau, Pena Nieto have signed their revised NAFTA agreement. Now we turn to the U.S. Congress, which will take months or years to determine whether the agreement ever takes effect: https://t.co/KkzFgjd4mU
RT @GeoffRBennett: Happening now at #G20Summit: Mexican Pres. Nieto is awarding Jared Kushner the Order of the Aztec Eagle -- Mexico's high…
Early story: Canada, the U.S. and Mexico sign their trade agreement, with Trudeau emphasizing continuity and Trump emphasizing change: https://t.co/kxUE9pmQqI
RT @AdrianMorrow: It’s a trope of the Kudlow wing of the administration to portray Trump’s tariffs as purely a negotiating ploy. But it’s n…
Signed! (But not sealed or delivered.) https://t.co/mnKH5oJOFM
Yeah - Trump (wrongly) describes this as a brand new deal that "terminates" NAFTA, Trudeau more accurately as a revision to NAFTA. They each have a political interest in describing it the way they do. Canadians like NAFTA, Americans much more mixed. https://t.co/yaJx0q0oA5
Canada's U.S. ambassador had suggested Trudeau might not attend this ceremony if Trump hadn't removed the tariffs by this time. He's here, though the tariffs are too. https://t.co/j6AAm3xL7q
Trudeau brings up the GM cuts, a "heavy blow," then directly addresses Trump in urging him to remove his steel and aluminum tariffs: "And Donald, it's all the more reason why we need to keep working to remove the tariffs on steel and aluminum between our countries."
Trudeau: "The new agreement lifts the risk of serious economic uncertainty that lingers throughout a trade renegotiation process, uncertainty that would have only gotten worse and more damaging had we not reached a new NAFTA."
Telling: Trump began by hailing the new agreement's provisions, Trudeau by hailing the preservation of North American free trade. Trudeau says he's here because their deal "maintains stability for Canada's entire economy" and ends the negotiation uncertainty.
Trump on congressional ratification: "It's been so well-reviewed, I don't expect to have very much of a problem." That is...optimistic. Both Republicans and Democrats have expressed unhappiness with various provisions.
Trump addressing EPN and Trudeau: “We’ve taken a lot of barbs and a little abuse, and we got there. It’s great for all of our countries.”
Trump: "In short, this is a model agreement that changes the trade landscape forever. And this is an agreement that first and foremost benefits working people."
Trump says the agreement will promote "high wages and higher wages" in the auto industry, help stop auto jobs from going overseas, and bring back auto jobs that have gone overseas.
Trump reads from his text: “All of our countries will benefit greatly."		Trump ad-libs a lie: "It is probably the largest trade deal ever made, also.” It is way smaller than the TPP, which included these three countries and nine others.
Trump says he has become great friends with Trudeau. “Battles sometimes make great friendships," he says.
Trump is speaking first. He says, "We're gathered together this afternoon..." It is 9:30 in the morning.
NAFTA remains in place. The only other possibility is that Trump gets angry with Congress and withdraws the U.S. from NAFTA to pressure Congress into ratifying the new deal, basically saying "take the new one or take nothing." But that's a long way away. https://t.co/dBVXXZSXnS
It's more than a photo op, though it isn't the end of the process. The leaders have to sign the agreement before their legislatures take it up. So it's a step in the process, just not the end. https://t.co/ONHU1uxUbX
The leaders of Canada, the U.S. and Mexico will sign their revised NAFTA agreement (USMCA in American law, CUSMA in Canadian law) in a few minutes. The original NAFTA will remain in place until their legislatures ratify the new one; approval in the U.S. Congress is no certainty.
@Enigmaticjones @JLew1050 For sure, incredible to see
Here's Trump's G20 public schedule for tomorrow - too many items to screenshot. There's a USMCA deal signing scheduled for 7 AM Eastern. (Note as always: signing doesn't mean the deal is done and in force; has to get through all 3 countries' legislatures.) https://t.co/Fm3LMu5nom
@richarddeitsch “Photographer” is very generous
@Enigmaticjones @JLew1050 Me too, was really sad he wasn’t. So cool to watch him even if he kills your team
@rdale7 https://t.co/X9CPSoNjsX look at my sad amazement here
@rodstdenis They were honouring the late Craig Sager.
@EdTubb @WajahatAli It was this one. I don’t remember Amir plays, just Durant pulling up from ridiculous spots https://t.co/V11nGfEosA
@rdale7 Thanks Ryan
@KB8511 @ekoreen Wha? This is not petty bashing, this is appreciation of Raptors History
@WajahatAli Durant is insane. I’ve now been to two games where he dropped a crazy 50 here
Wooooooo https://t.co/9Rp6XFyrRk
@ekoreen The Raptors are the all-time NBA leader in not getting a game-winning shot off
This is both the most and least fun #raptors
@JLew1050 On jumpers! Ridiculous
RT @JasonLeopold: SCOOP from @a_cormier_  &amp; me		The Trump Organization Planned To Give Vladimir Putin The $50 Million Penthouse In Trump To…
RT @Emma_Dumain: BREAKING: @SenatorTimScott to oppose Thomas Farr, killing the controversial nomination: https://t.co/rDsbiZwxCL w/ @Murphi…
This is something a representative of Donald Trump said. https://t.co/8pGH2ZLkJn https://t.co/IHRrGuOc26
@Bryson_M Oh wow
@JimmyReimJob I have contemporaneous written complaint texts, @kelseysham is my witness
This free ice cream truck was parked outside MSNBC one day, and I refused to eat it so as to not be bought off by free ice cream, and then I got in a car and the driver was aggressssively eating one and was like “WOW this Mueller ice cream is FANTASTIC. I’ve had three. Mmmm.” https://t.co/lMDeePWzEg
RT @JenniferJJacobs: The cost of the “witch hunt” — Mueller investigation — has apparently jumped $10 million since yesterday. https://t.co…
Trump said an hour ago, “I think it’s a very good time to have the meeting.” (He added that he’d get a briefing on the plane and would make a final decision then.) https://t.co/K4QFjuIdaB
Paul Ryan joins the list of Republicans baselessly calling into question the legitimacy of the election. https://t.co/YQKjKrbYgO
RT @kaitlancollins: A key line from President Trump's gaggle with reporters: "There was a good chance that I wouldn't have won, in which ca…
RT @emptywheel: @OKnox Yes. 		He would have just answered, under oath, this question: What communication did you have with Michael D. Cohen…
RT @JenniferJJacobs: Q: IF COHEN WAS SUCH A BUM WHY DID YOU HIRE HIM?		"Because a long time ago he did me a favor," Trump told us.
This is quite a quote. https://t.co/ubFF7Mpupo
RT @etuckerAP: WASHINGTON (AP) — Trump calls ex-lawyer Michael Cohen a 'weak person' after new guilty plea, claims he's 'lying' to get a re…
Cohen also admitted that he spoke for 20 minutes to someone in the office of Putin’s press secretary about his business inquiry, in Jan. 2016. He’d lied that he never heard back. So we now know an executive VP/fixer at Trump’s company talked to Putin’s team during the campaign.
Cohen has also admitted to taking steps in the direction of Trump possibly going to Russia during the campaign. Trump is referred to solely as an “individual,” but the document makes clear it’s him.
Cohen has admitted that he was still discussing a Trump development project in Russia as late as June 2016, the month Trump Jr. held the Clinton-related meeting with the Russian lawyer, and had shortly before that been discussing going to Russia for talks. https://t.co/iPBJG7JIa0
RT @PostRoz: Wow. Cohen plea indicates that he successfully reached an aide to President Putin in January 2016 after he emailed Putin spoke…
@mckinneykelsey And an elite athlete, not just writer sports girl
Here's Trump's public schedule for today. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/0skYZPXnyc
RT @nytmike: NEW MUELLER NEWS: Trump's personal lawyer, Michael Cohen, is expected this morning to plead guilty to a new charge being filed…
RT @JonLemire: NEW YORK (AP) — Michael Cohen, President Trump's ex-lawyer, is making a surprise court appearance before a federal judge in…
@EmpireOfDirt2 I never hope to “set him straight.” I’m providing facts so readers have accurate information, not so he will change his behavior.
The money pouring into government coffers is coming from American purchasers of Chinese products, who pay the tariff. This is more or less the president bragging that Americans are paying a lot of taxes, and saying this makes America “richer.” https://t.co/zr0UDH05z0
@The8treGirl @karencollinsnyc I think you’re thinking of US Steel in particular, which is updating but not building new. Several other companies have announced new ones. https://t.co/tRY58WGwJ5
@thehallkt They said they’d build it somewhere in North America, haven’t said US specifically.
RT @jdawsey1: Trump made (at least occasional) calls to longtime adviser Roger Stone during the 2016 campaign. They were often late at nigh…
RT @jdawsey1: New York Post asked Trump why he tweeted a meme of Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein behind bars. "He should have never…
@karencollinsnyc That’s not true. There are some.
BMW didn’t announce a new US plant. It said it is considering the possibility (of an engine plant). Only one new auto assembly plant has been announced in the Trump era, the Toyota/Mazda plant in Alabama, per the Center for Automotive Research. https://t.co/YLWftKw5su
RT @sangerkatz: The CDC put out three grim reports today. Overdose deaths are up. Suicide deaths are up. Life expectancy is down. https://t…
RT @sangerkatz: 2017 was bleak. https://t.co/ndMRsxCM04 https://t.co/gQrh2p8Fii
@greg_oakland Because I want to discuss the insult “soy boy”
Soy boy is the single most confusing insult of this entire era. Soybeans are great! Are all these internet men refusing the free miso soup at sushi places? Are they dipping their dumplings in ketchup? Are they aware that America has 300,000 soybean farmers? So many questions https://t.co/60qd6llk9m
@jesspatterson @canadianeditors Very nice to meet you, Jessica!
RT @markzbarabak: UPDATE: With ballots from Fresno County, TJ Cox extends lead over GOP Rep. David Valadao to 529 votes. Barring a big turn…
RT @chrislhayes: This is monstrously Orwellian. The impurity of Iranian intentions aside, the Saudis are quite literally bombing and starvi…
RT @kyledcheney: Pelosi, in caucus, is short of the 218 she needs to become speaker ... but many will likely flip in favor on the floor &gt;&gt;&gt;…
@Riogringa @aedwardslevy I also got physics but did not get NBA basketball, which is actually my top interest.
RT @CahnEmily: Pelosi gets fewer defections than she got in 2016 https://t.co/PpxmGJyvcj
RT @pdmcleod: Scott is going to get a lot of flak for this. But we should note that he was only in the position to begin with because 49 of…
RT @pdmcleod: Farr and been attacked for defending voter ID laws the courts later struck down for disenfranchising black voters with "surgi…
RT @pdmcleod: In maybe one of the last dramatic votes we'll see in the Senate for a couple years, Republican Senator Tim Scott stayed in th…
RT @CraigCaplan: Farr Senate cloture vote stands at 49 to 50 but still open. Awaiting for SC GOP Senator Tim Scott to vote. VP Pence in cha…
RT @joshrogin: .@SecPompeo: "There is no direct reporting connecting the Crown Prince to the order to murder Jamal Khoshoggi. That's all I…
RT @JenniferJJacobs: LATEST: Trump feels no urgency to nominate new AG and is content with Matt Whitaker as acting head of DOJ, several sou…
The president's morning on Twitter:	- Retweeted call to imprison his deputy attorney general and various former officials for treason	- Retweeted a fake Mike Pence	- Retweeted a lie about assistance for illegal immigrants	- Retweeted dishonest criticism of a Hillary Clinton joke
RT @pbump: The president of the United States retweeted this. Below is a link to an article debunking the $3,874 figure -- which stems from…
RT @politico: President Trump retweeted a parody account of Vice President Mike Pence giving thanks "for every day Hillary Clinton is not p…
RT @seungminkim: OMG --&gt; A Senate panel delays confirmation vote on Trump's pick to lead ICE, Ron Vitiello, as senators sort out concerns r…
The restaurant owner was convicted of choking his wife, then didn't make his divorce payments, then violated his probation. https://t.co/pdGNkwbibN
@GuillaumeTC It is our graph, the Toronto Star's. Based on my fact-checking.
And here's the updated database of every Trump false claim since his inauguration. https://t.co/tUlVsarf0o
Here's the updated week-by-week chart of Trump's false claims. He's now up to 3,833 false claims for his presidency. That's an average of 5.7 per day. It's now almost double what it was at the end of 2017, 2.9 per day. https://t.co/kzwodQx6yc
For newer followers, I'll say again: I use "lie" a lot, because it's clearly appropriate in many cases; in others it's unclear whether he's confused, ignorant or otherwise non-intentional in his wrongness, so I use "false claim" for the list as a whole. https://t.co/SmIGx5e8JK
Last week was a quiet week by Trump standards. He made 29 false claims, a normal number for him in 2017 but not in 2018; it was his lowest since mid-September. He uttered just 12,156 total words, per @FactbaseFeed, down from 80,000+ in weeks before the midterms.
Trump made 12 false claims in his Thanksgiving exchange with reporters after his phone call to the troops: https://t.co/r30rTCcGha
RT @asharock: PolitiFact pitched this to the cables in 2016. No takers. Interesting to see if 2020 will be different. https://t.co/GZa4xA0d…
Superb story about how Labor Secretary Alex Acosta let predator Jeffrey Epstein cut an unusual deal that even granted immunity to "any potential co-conspirators." The deal "essentially shut down an ongoing FBI probe into whether there were more victims." https://t.co/FD3jr8tAP2
What a story. Unable to spend time together in the U.S. because of Trump's travel ban, "dozens" of Iranian families have met up at a library that is half in the U.S. and half in Canada: https://t.co/UITVGz8N0p https://t.co/YwqG7E3b3O
RT @kyledcheney: Update: DOJ declines to comment on the president accusing the deputy AG of treason.
I didn't even notice...Trump has retweeted an image with Rod Rosenstein, man he appointed and says he likes, behind bars for "treason." https://t.co/rWVSJSYQpD
Here's Trump's public schedule today. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/s33yx2XITU
A retweet from the president. https://t.co/Hcjx5nefi7
RT @alex_mallin: .@IvankaTrump after @DebRobertsABC asks what missteps she would say she has made: "I actually have experienced on a person…
RT @jbendery: Good morning. The Senate is voting today to advance Thomas Farr's nomination. He built a career out of weakening voting right…
RT @eschor: New: Mattis and Pompeo head to the Senate today with the vote count on yanking support for Saudi-backed forces in Yemen seeming…
RT @jdawsey1: Trump was fixated on Janet Yellen being too short to run the Federal Reserve, per several current and former advisers. He ins…
RT @jdawsey1: One climatologist called the president's comments on climate change as "idiotic." "How can one possibly respond to this?" Ano…
Trump: "I’m not happy with the Fed. They’re making a mistake because I have a gut, and my gut tells me more sometimes than anybody else’s brain can ever tell me."
My goodness, here is what Trump said about climate change to the Washington Post. I recommend reading it in Tommy Wiseau's voice. https://t.co/jRkPjwxmdn https://t.co/2WNRIuWFCs
So Trump told WaPo that the Palm Beach Post was the mystery media outlet that claimed he caused Thanksgiving traffic jams by getting gas prices so low. 		Except...the Palm Beach Post story about gas prices and traffic jams did not mention him once. https://t.co/pMG6qgldc7 https://t.co/6LkXRZf1Du
Since this issue is not getting fixed immediately, I give you Americans permission to make one false claim and use the Star’s postal code: M5E 1E6.
@warren__terra Yeah, that's the issue - I think they want to know where people are from.
@petersagal hahaha
@petersagal Oh yeah, I'm Canadian. But people shouldn't have to do that!
So I can't sign up for my own newsletter, excellent. We'll get this fixed. https://t.co/4iI0Aksc9O
I’m doing a weekly newsletter starting tomorrow. I’ll talk about the week in Trump dishonesty and in other Trump stuff. Sign up, send link to uncles not on Twitter, etc. https://t.co/HaykVT0D0v
RT @ZoeTillman: NEW: Statement from Paul Manafort about today's Guardian story, via a spokesman: "This story is totally false and deliberat…
RT @JenGriffinFNC: No active shooter at Walter Reed. According to Pentagon spokesperson LTC Audricia Harris, "This was a drill."
@svdate I think it could legitimately be effective if it was just done one at a time or a couple at a time.
It'd be way easier to do this with Trump than with any other politician or with Sanders, since he tells the same lies over and over. You could have 50 fact-check boxes ready to throw up there as soon as he says the things again.
An interesting approach by CNN here - putting actual facts in a big box beside Sarah Sanders. Would be worth exploring this kind of Factual Pop-Up Video for Trump's own speeches. https://t.co/FrpvfSviT5
RT @atrupar: REPORTERS: Tariffs are in effect a tax paid by Americans consumers. Does Trump realize that?		KUDLOW: "Look, he realizes the r…
RT @ladyhaja: I watched this with my mouth open the entire time https://t.co/GmvYcLr0yS
Really good on @PaulaReidCBS here.  This happens way too infrequently. https://t.co/zxkqSjzY8t
I got this tweet wrong by failing to watch the actual video. Trump said the US is the cleanest it has ever been, not the cleanest compared to other countries, as he has in the past.  My fault and sorry. https://t.co/rIqRLFILpr
Every single claim here is wrong	1) "They don’t take our farm products" ($12B in imports)	2) "They don’t take our cars" (US is third-biggest source of imports)	3) $151B annual deficit ($102B including services)	4) "EU was set up in order to hurt the United States on trade" (No) https://t.co/VkVHV9x8ax
https://t.co/HxmPJg77Dt
Trump on GM: 1) It's just "one plant in Ohio." 2) It's Sherrod Brown's fault. 3) GM better put a new car in there fast or they've "got a problem" with him. 4) "So she told me: The car’s not selling. I said, so maybe you got to make a better car." 5) It's not his tariffs' fault. https://t.co/Jy2vu4Ooe2
1) For at least the third time, Trump wrongly calls tariff rates "interest rates." 2) The Wall Street Journal corrects him. 3) Trump says "sorry," yes, right. 4) Trump wrongly calls them interest rates again. https://t.co/TI61Zm7B1y https://t.co/Xf8aw5lfjG
RT @mattdpearce: Apparently Mexico didn't like it very much when American law enforcement fired tear gas into Mexico. https://t.co/vJpWNzXT…
RT @TucsonStar: Video of explosion at border agent's gender-reveal party that sparked Arizona wildfire released https://t.co/wNCzzaU0Pi htt…
RT @rebeccaballhaus: Trump in Mississippi: “Three border patrol people yesterday were very badly hurt, getting hit with rocks and stones.”…
Here’s Trump’s public schedule for tomorrow. There is also a rare Sarah Sanders “briefing” scheduled for 1 PM. (Public schedules don’t include all of a president’s activities.) https://t.co/fA5NAKPfdA
Trump has concluded. Like his rally this afternoon, this one was much shorter than usual.
Trump said win win win win and now the crowd is chanting win win win win.
Trump says people challenge him on every word he says but nobody ever challenges him on his claim that he has the greatest political movement of all time. People challenge him on that also.
Trump says of his movement: "It's about reclaiming America's dignity."
Trump: "You still have deep state, but one by one we're getting them out. You have deep state bad people. You have a lot of phony stuff going on. But you know what? One by one, we're winning. We're winning winning winning."
Trump says nobody has ever done so much in two years.
For the second time today, Trump says he gave the troops the largest pay hike in more than 10 years. It's the largest in nine years.
Trump does his usual exaggeration of how dire the experimental-medication situation was before the new Right to Try law, wrongly saying people had "no hope" and "we never let anyone touch it." Trump's FDA chief testified that the FDA approved 99% of pre-Right to Try requests.
"Drug prices are starting to come down," Trump says without any evidence I'm aware of. An Associated Press investigation of brand-name prescription drugs found 96 price increases for every price reduction in the first seven months of this year.
Trump again calls NAFTA a disaster and his USMCA, which is very NAFTA, incredible. He repeats, of the name USMCA, "like the song, YMCA, right."
Trump, who always boasts about how he has supposedly ended steel dumping, now says, "They can dump all they want. I want them to dump a lot." His argument is: "Dump all you want, you're gonna pay a lot." But the dumpers, like China, do not pay the tariff; Americans pay it.
Trump does his usual exaggeration on manufacturing jobs, saying "600,000" have been created during his presidency. It was 416,000 from Jan. 2017 through Oct. 2018.
Trump says that there used to be an "economic surrender," but it ended when he took office, but it happened "through stupidity."
Trump boasts of the Mexico-Canada trade deal, then threatens Mexico and Canada with tariffs again: "But of course they have to treat us fairly. Otherwise we'll just tax their product when it comes in. You know that. You know that. You know that. You know what I'm talking about."
Trump says the U.S. has an annual trade deficit of $800 billion. That's only true if you ignore trade in services, as he always does. It was $566 billion including services trade last year.
Trump cites stats on illegal immigrant crimes, baselessly rejects data on low immigrant criminality. "You know you hear these stories about oh, they don't commit crimes, we commit crimes, they don't commit crimes. Always it's us. No no, it doesn't work that way. It's fake news."
Trump boasts of how many bad people ICE has arrested during his tenure. Sounding a bit Oprah-like, he says, pointing at people in the crowd, "And I don't want that job. And you don't want it. And you don't want it. And you don't want it. And YOU might take it, right there."
Trump again boasts that the military has put up wire at the border. He says, "They've made them very unfriendly-looking, wouldn't you say. Climbing those walls would be a very painful experience right now."
Trump lies that Democrats are inviting caravans. He says of his border efforts, "We are doing a job and we will continue to do a job. We're doing what's right." The crowd chants Build That Wall. "So the wall is started, very very substantially," he lies for the 77th time.
Trump repeats his regular nonsense that people's Medicare benefits are at stake in this election, because Democrats want to raid Medicare to pay for "socialism." Medicare for All would not raid Medicare.
Trump says the very future of America's judicial system is at stake in this Senate election. He says he wants judges who will follow "the plain and very beautiful meaning of our Constitution."
Trump again calls Sen. Lindsey Graham's fiery pro-Kavanaugh speech "beautiful."		"He hit a chord that you hit very rarely in the world of politics or anything else," he says.
Trump warns Mississippi not to let Nancy Pelosi, Maxine Waters and Chuck Schumer win this Senate race. Maxine Waters, a Black woman, is not only not in the Senate but not a party leader.
Trump alleges "a little tricky business going on" in the midterms. He does not say what he's talking about.
Trump: "We had three seats even four seats that were so close. We almost won. In areas that a lot of people say don't bother contesting. We almost won in four states that a lot of people say don't bother, you can't win." This did not happen.
Trump is rattling off Senate and governor victories. He says if they win tomorrow it will be a 53-47 Senate margin, "and nobody can believe it." (Everybody can believe it.)
Trump on the midterms: "We got very little credit from the fake news media. Very little credit. They talked about the House. But the people I campaigned for in the House - which was very few, I can't, look I'm one person."
Boasting of low African-American unemployment, which fell steadily under Obama and then continued under Trump, Trump reminds the crowd that he used to ask African-Americans, "What the hell do you have to lose?"
"We are respected like at no time before," Trump says. He says foreign leaders walk in and tell him, "Mr. President, it's incredible what's happened with your country in such a short time."
Trump says what is happening is "frankly unprecedented," then tries and fails to say unprecedented again, saying something like, "What's happening is un-prentice."
Trump says there are "thousands of people outside." There is not a good record of thousands of people being outside when he says this. Just to do the fact-check now, is anyone out there on the scene?
Fake snow falls on Trump. He marvels at it and swats it away in dramatic fashion. He begins, "Look, snow, I didn't know what was going on, this is, I said, are you sure this is indoor, that beautiful snow looks so real, that's the end of my suit, that's the end of my hair..."
Pence concludes: with Gov. Phil Bryant in the state house, with Donald Trump in the White House, "and with God's help, we will make Mississippi safer and more prosperous than ever before." Now Trump.
"We've already started to build that wall," Pence says, adopting Trump's regular lie, and the crowd chants Build That Wall, and Pence says, as Trump does, "Oh, we're buildin' it."
"I think there's only one way you can describe the last two years," Mike Pence says. "It's been two years of action."
Mike Pence is here. He says, "Mississippi and America need Cindy Hyde-Smith back in the United States Senate."
RT @ShimonPro: Asked how he felt when he saw images of children and parents being tear gassed, Trump said his first thought was: "Why are t…
They're playing YMCA at Trump's rally in Biloxi, Mississippi. I will tweet tweets in this thread when it stops and he starts.
RT @kenvogel: NEW: MUELLER accuses MANAFORT of lying during post-plea agreement interviews with the @FBI &amp; the special counsel's office "on…
https://t.co/F51LunybYw
Trump sometimes tries to cram some celeb he's with, or whose town he's in, into his policy claims. Among others: "Henry Kissinger does not want to pay 116% increase in his premiums"; Phil Mickelson doesn't find it acceptable to wait days for a doctor. https://t.co/YWSrzG347C
Trump has concluded Mississippi rally #1. He'll do another one at 9 PM.
A bit earlier, Trump hailed today's Mars landing and claimed he has reinvigorated NASA, though he also believes in rich guys funding their private space stuff.
Trump was winding up to his inspirational scripted conclusion but then said, "We have a lot of bad people. We have a lot of phony stuff. Like the Russian witch hunt garbage."
Trump says that presidents used to apologize for America but now there is Donald Trump who loves America. There are cheers for the concept of standing for the national anthem. He calls his movement the greatest "in political history."
Trump does his usual exaggeration on pay raises for the troops, saying for the 16th time that it's the biggest in "more than a decade." It's the biggest in nine years. As with other claims, he started off reading this correctly from his texts, then added a couple years, because.
For the 50th time, Trump tells his usual big lie about how he was the one who got the Veterans Choice health program passed after "44 years" of trying. It was passed under Obama in 2014. Trump signed the VA MISSION Act, which modifies the Choice program.
For the 28th time, Trump lies that Obama said "manufacturing's never coming back, it's gone." That's a gross mischaracterization of Obama's 2016 comments; he said certain jobs were gone, but also boasted about how many were coming into the country under him.
Trump lies again: "Guess what? You have no more estate tax to pay. You have no more death tax to pay." Trump has not eliminated the estate tax.
Trump on his new trade agreement: "The USMCA. Like YMCA. The song. YMCA." He sings: "Y-M-C-A."
Trump says countries like Mexico used to be "stealing" car companies, but under his new deal, "All of that's not going to happen anymore. They're not going to be leaving our country."
Trump: "Am I a politician? I don't know." Some people in the crowd say no, he isn't.
Trump repeats his usual statement that he does not blame other countries for taking advantage of the U.S. He blames past U.S. leaders for "allowing these other countries to get away with it."
Trump falsely claims China was "flatlining" before it entered the WTO. As Nicholas Lardy of the Peterson Institute wrote in 2008: "China has been the fastest growing economy in the world over almost three decades, expanding at 10 per cent per year in real terms."
Trump with a wild lie about the World Trade Organization and China, saying it was "actually meant for THEM, to take advantage of us." That is not even remotely close to reality.
"We've actually started big sections of the wall," Trump lies for the 76th time in office.
This speech is a bit weird because he's saying the same things he said over and over before the congressional midterms, which are over except for this race.
Trump, citing the mayor of Tijuana, claims the caravan migrants are "tough" people, then adds: "We don't want those people in Mississippi. I'm sorry. Of course, I know you'd win the fight, but who needs it? Who needs it? Who needs it?"
Trump is lying about how the media covered his lie about Democrats wanting to give illegal immigrants Rolls-Royces, claiming the media fact-checked a joke. He joked about this at a rally one day, then turned it into a statement of fact the next day.
Trump repeats his usual nonsense about how Republicans will always stand up for people with pre-existing conditions, which they and he have not done.
Trump: "I do really want to run against a true socialist."
Trump on Democratic candidate Mike Espy: "He's far left. Oh, he's out there. How does he fit in with Mississippi?...How does he fit in?" As usual in red states, he says this local Democrat will vote with the national party leadership.
Right. I think the little stretches can be just as interesting as big traditional lies. And I don't think we should let misstatements slide because noting them makes us seem pedantic. If he's gonna be wrong in little ways, we gotta do little corrections. https://t.co/loA5DJiXT0
Hyde-Smith says she's standing up for pro-life and pro-gun positions, "the conservative values of Mississippi."
Lindsey Graham: "If you like Kavanaugh, there's more coming."
Trump says he has brought a "star" to the rally: Sen. Lindsey Graham. He says Graham's "brilliant and beautiful" speech during the Kavanaugh hearings really helped their cause.
I always note Trump's needless exaggerations. I think they're revealing in their own way. Also, all facts matter. https://t.co/rpqeqKiiav
Trump is reprising his pre-midterms rally lies, saying Democrats are running on a platform of "open borders."
Trump, campaigning for Cindy Hyde-Smith, calls the Republican Party "the home of Abraham Lincoln."
Trump keeps falsely claiming the unemployment rate is at the lowest level in "more than 50 years." It's the lowest in 49 years. He said this correctly a few times, then, as usual, couldn't resist making it bigger and wronger.
The media doesn't show the crowd, "they don't want people to know how many people are here," they refuse to spin the cameras, copy-paste
For the 33rd time as president, Trump lies that foreign governments put problem citizens into the U.S. green card lottery to get rid of them. This time, in Tupelo, he adds that the governments aren't putting Elvises into that lottery.
Trump: "Are we doing OK on the border, folks?"		Crowd: "YAAAAA!"		Crowd: "Build that wall!"		Trump boasts of the "nasty-looking wire" the troops have erected.
Trump on the day of the GM cuts: "For years you watched as powerful forces in Washington shipped away your jobs. You saw that. You saw that. That's changing. You see what's coming in. So many companies coming in to Mississippi. And everyplace else, by the way."
Trump complains that his "guys" didn't set up the room optimally, should have pushed the media back. He adds, "Sometimes my people let me down. That happens a little bit."
Trump says that he "couldn't campaign too much" in the House because there are so many seats, but the "fake news" doesn't like to talk about the Senate and various other Republican victories.
Trump says that when he was growing up, people said he looked like Elvis aside from his blonde hair.
@AshaRangappa_ It's okay I'm at peace with my bad choices
Guess what, President Donald Trump is doing a campaign rally. It is in Tupelo, Mississippi. Tweets in this thread.
RT @DeadlineWH: "I think the lies where he smears entire groups of people or entire institutions rank at the top for me ...when he lies abo…
Going on MSNBC with @NicolleDWallace to talk about Donald Trump, the president.
RT @atrupar: Trump frames Russia's aggression in Ukraine as a #bothsides issue: "We don't like what's happening either way. We don't like w…
Trump to the Journal on GM: 1) “They better damn well open a new plant there very quickly.” 2) “I told them, ‘You’re playing around with the wrong person.’” https://t.co/grwGHi5yem https://t.co/IgSPjLjBhr
RT @AdrianMorrow: Trump says he told GM "you better get back in" Ohio and vaguely claims that they will be, but offers no details to sugges…
RT @TorontoStar: #Breaking: GM confirms Oshawa Assembly Plant will stop production in 2019, affecting more than 2,500 jobs. https://t.co/y6…
For Wisconsin dairy farmers, the problems are far broader than the Canadian policy Trump complained about and got Trudeau to agree to change: https://t.co/NPafW6qiUh
Trump has been lying this month that car plants are opening in "Michigan and Ohio and Pennsylvania and South Carolina and North Carolina and Florida." https://t.co/GmEX5ynZz2
Horrible video. Milwaukee County DA concluded this shooting was justified. https://t.co/zwIRGWuGyo
Reuters reports GM is cutting at Ohio and Michigan plants as well as the one in Oshawa, Ontario: https://t.co/QePOq0IaNZ
RT @attackerman: First two years of Obama: 186 drone strikes in Yemen, Somalia and Pakistan. 		First two years of Trump: 238 drone strikes…
Consistently true of U.S. terrorism, still not widely understood: https://t.co/o2WCPdGYiM https://t.co/osPKMAH1Ef
RT @jbenton: Given how little attention climate change gets in the national media, to waste even a fraction of it on deniers paid by the fo…
Politico: “More than a dozen” prominent Democratic donors say they’ll never donate or fundraise for Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand because they’re upset with her for pushing Al Franken to resign when he faced groping allegations: https://t.co/j6GYiTcmFi
@danielmcfadin Awesome. It gets better after the first one, in my opinion - after he gets done with that sort of general intro, each one is a specific topic, and it's all so well-done.
RT @mollyhf: Mexico denies deal with U.S. to keep asylum seekers south of the border while cases are decided https://t.co/ZUCOwbJ0J4
@rabidbadger No, they have a weekly lunch.
@archpundit For sure, not new.
Yes. That's (at least a large part of the reason) why Trump adds brief "policy roundtables" to campaigning trips. https://t.co/fGk3Al8luP
Trump's public schedule for tomorrow:	11:30 intel briefing	12:30 PM lunch with Pence	2:35 departure for Mississippi 	5:15 Tupelo rally for Hyde-Smith	7:50 Gulfport roundtable on crim justice reform	8:25 departure to Biloxi	9:00 Biloxi rally for Hyde-Smith	1 AM White House arrival
RT @nytimes: U.S. Customs and Border Protection agency fires tear gas at migrants heading toward crossing on U.S.-Mexico border https://t.c…
RT @mattdpearce: An on-the-scene account of what happened at the border crossing at San Ysidro today. https://t.co/GC3nybOtVE
This continues to be a lie. Obama did not have the same policy, and family separation was not mandated by law. Trump chose a policy of routinely criminally prosecuting people found crossing illegally, which resulted in routine separations. https://t.co/nE3lbu5A5s
@InstaDerek Awesome. The first one is a bit different from all the rest, more of a vague intro. I loved all of the rest.
David Blight’s Civil War lectures are sooo good. What a storyteller. https://t.co/1espPkEy1H
RT @tripgabriel: ‘The WSJ made repeated requests for comment this week, including a request for comments from Mr. Trump,’ reports @WSJ http…
RT @seungminkim: Big news from @partlowj @NickMiroff: Trump admin has won the support of Mexico’s incoming government for a plan to remake…
RT @NoahShachtman: Forget state-sponsored TV. This is a TV-sponsored state. https://t.co/7f7BrOGfqP
RT @loriamontgomery: “officials who spent months working on the detailed document were frustrated, but not surprised, that the administrati…
RT @chrisgeidner: BREAKING: The Trump Administration Just Asked The Supreme Court To Let It Enforce Its Transgender Military Ban https://t.…
RT @brady_dennis: On this Black Friday, Trump administration releases climate report saying  damages are ‘intensifying across the country.'…
RT @LizSly: One constant in Syria's war: the good guys die. Democracy activist Raed Fares was assassinated today, with his colleague, Hammo…
Here's the transcript of Trump's visit to a Coast Guard station in Florida yesterday. https://t.co/4zlByajNsP
To a commander in Afghanistan, Trump complained about the 9th Circuit court and said he knows the commander agrees with him about what to do on the Mexican border, doesn't even have to ask. He also likened the Afghanistan mission to the border mission. https://t.co/kJcFYUBF81
Yesterday, during his televised Thanksgiving call to the troops, Trump tried to get the commander of a Coast Guard cutter in the Arabian Gulf to weigh in on the unfairness of U.S. trade with Gulf countries. https://t.co/xTTZLBNPh1
Trump and others, including Rand Paul, the Kochs and Trump’s kids, have been pushing McConnell to allow a vote on the bipartisan criminal justice reform bill. McConnell is still a no as of now. https://t.co/iDwZIVHvIh
Here’s Trump’s public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don’t include all of a president’s activities.) https://t.co/rzmTHpxmbn
He’s said this at least six times before today as well, starting in September 2017. https://t.co/zPGHqS2FUh
RT @kylegriffin1: Reporter: Who should be held accountable for [Jamal Khashoggi's murder]? 		Trump: Maybe the world should be held accounta…
@cozad_june Literally her direct words
Q: How you preparing for Xi?		Trump: “I’m very prepared, I’ve been preparing for it all my life. It’s not like, oh gee I’m going to sit down and study it. I know every detail. I know every stat, I know it better than anyone who’s ever known it, and my gut has always been right.”
@jdttriumph I take Canadian holidays off, Not American.
Interesting look at the key moments leading up to this crisis point for Republicans in California: https://t.co/hVa4DUwii3
RT @atrupar: Trump does that thing where he botches a world while reading but pretends he meant to do it: "Joining us from Kuwait is the Ce…
RT @atrupar: Trump brags to the troops about fact he went to the Wharton School of Finance https://t.co/JOvPTchyrA
Hillary Clinton’s advice to European leaders: to beat right-wing populists who want to curtail support for migrants, curtail support for migrants. https://t.co/7PoX0UPTIv https://t.co/CFpEoyspdQ
@Vilijijit Not yet!
Sincere thanks to everyone except for the “buy Apple products” people! I appreciate your help.
Computer help request since everything is closed in America! My ASUS laptop has suddenly decided to stop connecting to or even listing any WiFi networks. My phone is still connected to my network, but the computer now doesn’t acknowledge it exists. Any advice? Thaaanks.
RT @mickbk: Trump: “Steam is very reliable. Electromagnetic – unfortunately you have to be Albert Einstein to really work it properly...”…
RT @CBSNews: "So I hate the crime and I hate what is done and I hate the cover-up," Trump said on Khashoggi murder. "And I will tell you th…
RT @MonicaLewinsky: #same https://t.co/vwhbUsxchr
Politico: John Kelly strongly opposed the border use-of-force order, lost a bitter White House argument that put him and Nielsen against Stephen Miller and the Border Patrol union, ended up signing on Trump’s “orders.” https://t.co/pcSkIobBBz
RT @NickMiroff: SCOOP Trump admin is preparing to implement a plan as soon as Friday called “Remain in Mexico” that will require asylum see…
RT @gabrielmalor: As for the 79% overturned rate for the 9th Cir. claimed by Trump, that number comes from SCOTUS decisions between 2010 an…
RT @teamtrace: A 13-year-old Milwaukee girl who was killed when someone fired a bullet into her home Monday night wrote an award-winning es…
Just to get the fact-check done now rather than later: has anyone seen any media outlet blame/credit Trump for Thanksgiving traffic jams? (Yes, I know he makes things up.) https://t.co/z7mNgl1zNR
Here’s Trump’s public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don’t include all of a president’s activities.) https://t.co/FpZIHH4Xuj
RT @baseballot: Another dump from Fresno County has Cox running well ahead of his Election Day vote there. #CA21 is now a 447-vote race. ht…
RT @NBCInvestigates: From @ckubeNBC Defense Secretary Mattis said troops would not be carrying firearms. "You've seen the picture of the gu…
RT @baseballot: The #GA07 recount is complete. Woodall (R) gained 13 votes between the district's 2 counties; Bourdeaux (D), who requested…
RT @CBCKatie: On the USMCA, Freeland says she keeps calling it the new NAFTA rather than the USMCA because in official Canadian documents i…
RT @mehdirhasan: "The Top Ten Trump Lies and Why They Matter (with Daniel Dale)" - a new pre-#Thanksgiving episode of my #Deconstructed pod…
RT @shermancourt: Roberts, asked by AP, pushes back for first time against Trump criticism of judges https://t.co/bxzomExkrG
@ronalzate He's making most of them up. The cereal one, the "people vote in disguises" one - completely out of thin air. The "buses to New Hampshire" thing has a long history, but why would I link to bad sources who are themselves making things up?
Military Times reports that John Kelly, adviser to the president, has signed an order (?) to supposedly allow troops stationed at the border to use lethal force and to search and detain people (???), despite the Posse Comitatus Act: https://t.co/p3i4lPpDJj
The most significant of the 51 false claims last week were a series of wild lies about voter fraud: 	- Illegal immigrants vote en masse in California	- You need voter ID to buy cereal	- People change clothes and vote twice	- Liberals are bused in from MA to vote illegally in NH
@Genuflectional https://t.co/Vwp8zvyagn
@sebastienperth @EdTubb https://t.co/Vwp8zvyagn
If it seems slightly quieter around here: Trump uttered just 23,413 words last week, per @FactbaseFeed, down from 41,696, 80,518, 80,874, 57,547, and 78,542 in the weeks prior.
Here's the latest weekly chart, courtesy of Star editor @EdTubb. Trump's 51 false claims last week was way down from the heights of his pre-midterms rally blitz, likely because he spoke much less. https://t.co/bjbpVtDndm
Trump is now up to an even 3,800 false claims for his presidency. His per-day average, 5.7 false claims per day, is now nearly double what it was at the end of 2017, 2.9 per day. Here's the complete, sortable-by-subject database: https://t.co/tUlVsaIQoY
Donald Trump made 21 false claims in his interview with the Daily Caller, not one of them challenged: https://t.co/5WowiutrVJ
RT @aurabogado: “She pulled a bandanna over her face, took Tylenol for her headaches and drank cinnamon tea with lemon to soothe her throat…
RT @sullivanamy: “Domestic dispute”—a phrase used not just in this piece but everywhere—implies equal levels of power and agency. And yet w…
RT @Redistrict: Dems' national lead in raw House votes - now 8.8 million - just broke the record for largest for either party in the histor…
Trump has nothing on his public schedule for tomorrow. He's at his Mar-a-Lago club in Florida. "We're going now to the southern White House. We have a lot of work we're going to be doing," he told reporters today. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/9Hni5q35eR
@cubosh Nate Silver says it’s done.
To finish with a 40-seat gain, Democrats will either have to prevail in a recount in Georgia's 7th, where the Dem candidate is down 419 votes after the first count, or prevail in California's 21st, where they're still doing the first count and the Dem has been closing the gap.
Democrats have flipped a House seat in Utah: https://t.co/dze0zP3MtR
RT @DanLamothe: The Pentagon, in a new statement about the border from Col. Rob Manning:		"Based on the current phased force laydown of app…
RT @sahilkapur: News: Marcia Fudge says she's no longer planning to run for Speaker and endorses @NancyPelosi. https://t.co/aCzadIpSI4
RT @nytmike: EXCLUSIVE: White House lawyers warned the president in a memo that he could be impeached if he tried to get the Justice Depart…
RT @maggieNYT: SCOOP: Trump wanted to order Justice to prosecute Clinton, Comey. @nytmike and me https://t.co/KsfO8DHqwd
RT @KFaulders: Lawyers for @realDonaldTrump say his answers have been submitted to Special Counsel Robert Mueller.
RT @NateSilver538: We're moving this to Called R. Chris Collins survives by the skin of his teeth. Massively underperformed district partis…
Watching this again, Trump didn't make clear if he was saying Hyde-Smith was just joking about the voter suppression comment or the "public hanging" comment. https://t.co/Qr5afZipWZ
RT @scotusreporter: Conservative nonprofit with obscure roots and undisclosed funders paid Matthew Whitaker $1.2 million		https://t.co/0rtk…
RT @ChrisMegerian: Matt Whitaker was paid $502,000 to run a dark money conservative nonprofit last year, according to his financial disclos…
RT @joshscampbell: JUST IN - President Trump, asked about the troops he sent to the border, who will be spending Thanksgiving away from the…
A good line-by-line fact-check of Trump's statement on Saudi Arabia. https://t.co/sZewmL0lIM
RT @ChaseWithorn: So @DanAlexander21 and I have been tracking the president's $ closely and Trump is right: His net worth is down $1.4B sin…
Trump on who should be TIME's person of the year: "It's called person of the year, right? It's no longer man of the year, right?...I don't know...I can't imagine anybody else other than Trump. Can you imagine anybody other than Trump? Huh? Have a good time, everybody." End.
Trump calls Hyde-Smith a "spectacular woman." He says he might even do three rallies for her, not just two.
Trump on Mississippi Sen. Cindy Hyde-Smith saying she wanted to make it harder for liberals to vote: "She made a statement which I know she feels very badly about it. It was just sort of said in jest."
"They have nothing definitive," Trump says of the CIA, though news outlets have reported the CIA has concluded the crown prince was responsible for the killing. "And the fact is: maybe he did, maybe he didn't. If you look at Iran, what they've done..."
Trump re-escalates his language on China, claiming he's going to impose hundreds of billions of additional tariffs if China doesn't make a deal: "Believe me, I'll be putting them on."
Trump on the troops he has sent to the border through Thanksgiving: "They are proud to be on the border."
Trump, dismissive, on troops spending Thanksgiving at the border doing nothing: "Don't worry about the Thanksgiving. These are tough people...you're so worried about the Thanksgiving holiday...they are so proud to be representing our country..."
Trump calls Facebook "so Democrat-oriented." He says he was "surprised and disappointed" to learn that Chuck Schumer's daughter works for Facebook.
Asked why he has not visited troops in a war zone, Trump claimed he is indeed going to a war zone.
Trump claims he has completed his "written answers to the witch hunt," "yesterday," and "the lawyers have them," and "I assume they'll turn them in today, or - soon."
Trump argued that the Ivanka email situation is not analogous to Clinton's, since he says there was not classified information, no basement server, and no deletion.
Of the 9th Circuit appeals court, which he accuses of left-wing bias, Trump claims, "I'm going to put in a major complaint." He does not explain what he's talking about.
Trump's summary of Ivanka's use of personal email to conduct government business: "For a little period of time, Ivanka did some emails."
Trump repeats his false claim that Saudi Arabia has made hundreds of billions of dollars worth of purchase agreements with the U.S. during his presidency.
Responding to WaPo's argument that he's putting personal and financial interests above America's, Trump says, "Being president has cost me a fortune...a tremendous fortune, like you've never seen before."
Trump repeats three times that his position on Saudi Arabia is an "America First" stance. He calls Iran a "terrorist nation" and says that the U.S. needs "a counterbalance."
On the Khashoggi situation, Trump told reporters: "It's a shame, but it is what it is."
Trump called Mar-a-Lago the "southern White House." He touted "tremendous" election results, citing Florida, Georgia and Ohio.
RT @JenniferJJacobs: TRUMP: “We are with Saudi Arabia."		He says the CIA has looked at the killing of Jamal Khashoggi and studied it a lot…
RT @Jordanfabian: Trump says people shouldn’t worry about US troops spending Thanksgiving at the border because they are “tough people”
RT @ericbradner: Obama heaps praise on Pelosi, telling @davidaxelrod: “Nancy Pelosi, when the history is written, will go down as one of th…
RT @John_Hudson: Wow. Trump discloses that Saudi officials have called Khashoggi an "enemy of the state" and a member of the Muslim Brother…
RT @CBCKatie: Freeland is asked about backlash in the US over LGBT protections in USMCA. Freeland says that’s an internal political matter…
RT @Charliemagne: Tribune sources: Gunman in Mercy Hospital killings had threatened to shoot up the Chicago Fire Academy after being dismis…
@glitterphobe Hi Adrienne, I'm a Toronto Star reporter with a quick (fun) question about your time at Westmount in Montreal. Could you follow me for a message? Thank you!
RT @AaronBlake: Imagine being tortured and dismembered and then having the president of the country that is supposed to hold your killers a…
In summary, Trump is saying (again): Saudi Arabia is very important for the economy and for national security, so he's standing with them no matter what happened with Khashoggi, which is, in his view, impossible to determine.
And Trump, as usual, relies on his claim -- false, as far as anyone outside the White House can tell -- that Saudi has agreed to $450 billion worth of purchases from the U.S., including $110 billion in military purchases. There's been no substantiation of either of these numbers.
Trump also makes sure to include the Saudi line on Khashoggi: "Representatives of Saudi Arabia say that Jamal Khashoggi was an “enemy of the state” and a member of the Muslim Brotherhood, but my decision is in no way based on that – this is an unacceptable and horrible crime."
The president says in the statement: "Our intelligence agencies continue to assess all information, but it could very well be that the Crown Prince had knowledge of this tragic event – maybe he did and maybe he didn’t!"
Trump has issued a very-Trumpian statement on Saudi Arabia and Khashoggi. There's a lot going on in this one. https://t.co/W3vvRoZF5e
RT @dave_brown24: “You’re going to see a couple of things over the next week — some redeployments." -- Buchanan yesterday		"No specific tim…
RT @crampell: Arkansas added Medicaid work requirements. 	Reporting is online-only, not by phone, mail, office. 	Also, state has lowest hom…
RT @NateSilver538: McAdams (D) now leads Mia Love (R) and there isn't really supposed to be a lot left out there to count. We're moving thi…
RT @jdawsey1: NEWS: Ivanka Trump sent hundreds of emails last year to White House aides, Cabinet officials and her assistants using a perso…
Here's Trump's public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/Cv0yQMzhzt
@ekoreen Best parts: 1) "I don’t know. It’s your life." 2) CJ's 235-word answer
RT @cbudoffbrown: New @wesleysmorgan SCOOP: The Pentagon is set to begin a drawdown of its 5,800 troops from the Southwest border as early…
This has basically been standard procedure - don’t hog the mic, don’t ask a bunch of questions if the president wants to move on - but there hasn’t been a rule saying that asking a second question they didn’t approve is punishable by being kicked out of the White House forever.
Yes, they’re specifically saying that asking an unapproved follow-up question may result in the suspension or revocation of a reporter’s White House pass. https://t.co/uEU84Gz9Cf
@ErikWemple @PressSec You don’t think it’s a big change to say that asking an unapproved follow-up question may result in the revocation of your pass?
So, out of their Acosta nonsense, the White House has made it a punishable violation for anyone to say “could you please address the specific question I asked,” “could you please provide an example,” or “that’s actually not true” without their permission? https://t.co/mub4FYH9tx
RT @pkcapitol: The @DraperRobert must-read -- weeks of behind scenes with Pelosi. 		https://t.co/vI7GR5KCuG
RT @jdawsey1: Zinke’s #2 has so many potential conflicts of interest he has to carry a small card listing them all, via @eilperin https://t…
@IAMChrisEdward December 1919.
This concludes today's episode of Experts In Unpolitical Subject Get Dragged Into Donald Trump's Imaginary World.
Annnd: Trump said, in his usual "people don't know (common thing)" way, that "people don't know that" Babe Ruth began as an excellent pitcher. Ruth biographer @LeighMontville: https://t.co/6fnprgkckV
Trump said that the "$100,000" for which Ruth was purchased is "probably like $25 million today." $100,000 in December 1919 is $1.3 million today.
Trump also said that Ruth was "drafted" as a pitcher. There was no draft in Ruth's era.		Trump said that Ruth hit his home runs in the "dead ball" era. The dead ball era famously ended with Ruth's emergence as a slugger.
- Ruth was 24 at the time the Yankees bought him, not 19.	- The sale was for $125,000, not $100,000, the Babe Ruth museum tells me.	- There was no 35-year-old third baseman in the transaction. It was a straight sale, the Ruth museum and Ruth biographer @LeighMontville say.
Trump said: "And I have heard for many years -- what's the worst trade in the history of sports? Babe Ruth, 19-year-old pitcher, for $100,000 and a 35-year-old third baseman."
So...Trump made a series of false claims about Babe Ruth while awarding Ruth the Presidential Medal of Freedom last week. https://t.co/Gj889O3WJj
RT @TaraCopp: Pentagon spox Col Manning says Defense Logistics Agency has shipped turkeys and #Thanksgiving meals to troops stationed at th…
RT @ThePlumLineGS: Here's a chart that lays out the economic makeup of the House districts that Democrats flipped: https://t.co/lUBcqKxweb
RT @jdelreal: This story is so important. https://t.co/NSjMOe6DZF
RT @JamilSmith: Aisha Fraser was my high school classmate. I didn’t know her well, so I wasn’t aware that her husband served nine months fo…
RT @NateSilver538: There's not any precedent for an opposition party coming this close to matching the president's vote total from 2 years…
In addition to the voters-changing-clothes lie and cereal-ID lie to the Daily Caller, Trump also brought back his old lie about mass voter fraud in New Hampshire in 2016. He appeared to say that there should have been a do-over in the state's voting, since he actually won. https://t.co/2iah5ffvXk
Trump said his successful aid to Kemp was extra-impressive because, for Abrams, "Oprah went, Obama went, and Michelle Obama went...they had Obama, Mrs. Obama and Oprah.” 		Michelle Obama didn't go to Georgia. She didn't campaign for Abrams in any way, an Obama spokesperson says.
RT @maggieNYT: “White House officials sent Acosta a letter stating that his pass is set to be suspended again once the restraining order ex…
@DanAmira Everyone in the comments: these tweets are not real and I did not tweet them.
https://t.co/rORDphES4L
Oh man, I forgot about this, it was amazing. See below. https://t.co/n6e3Z9HJcg
Sir Alert from Trump's interview with Chris Wallace: https://t.co/E0wkQlalhn
What's interesting to me is not that Trump sometimes misspeaks but how he reacts when he realizes. Rather than apologize, he'll always say "or (the correct word)," as if it's a subjective choice between the correct word and the equally valid word he used. https://t.co/4QFhIEGbJZ
@JessicaNahmias @kelseysham Jess I will send it to u
@LPDonovan Someone got absolutely trucked at the 22 second mark
RT @thegarance: Brenda Snipes submits her resignation as Broward elections supervisor https://t.co/sa9c7yVt9i
Here's Trump's public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/IK2j29nIcS
RT @RonaldKlain: For 18 years I've blasted Bush v. Gore, offered the view that Gore had more votes, and certainly more voters who thought t…
RT @jaketapper: The Trump administration pushed the national 4-H youth organization to withdraw a controversial policy welcoming LGBT membe…
@ditzkoff The best one
@noula20828087 I did not forget that.
A major big-state Senate pickup for Republicans, their only flip in a state Trump didn’t win by 19 points or more in 2016. Among other things, makes it tougher for Democrats to win back the Senate in 2020. https://t.co/Si7V5SgTRY
It’s not fun for the world, but these are the most entertaining moments as a fact-checker of Trump - asking some subject expert for comment and having them be like “WHAT? No. He said that? No.”
There is this phenomenon in which Trump lies about some obscure thing that has previously been untouched by his lying, forcing the people who know about the thing - air traffic controllers! Czech historians! Finnish people! - into bewildered comment. https://t.co/6JiKxRComi
RT @clairemcneill: Exceptional profile of a Texas Roadhouse server trying to land a seat in gerrymandered Ohio, filled with devastating lit…
.@elisaslow is my favourite American journalist and everything he writes is spectacular. If you read one thing today: https://t.co/SV5AXW7zyH
RT @bethreinhard: Will FL GOP try to slow walk amendment opening voter rolls to 1.4 mil felons? State quietly posted notice this week sugge…
RT @mkraju: “I did not know that.”  — Trump claims he didn’t know Matt Whitaker was a sharp critic of the Mueller probe before he named him…
RT @cathleendecker: The OC’s congressional districts are all going to be held by Democrats: https://t.co/yG1gI3r4Yx
@erindavis Thanks Erin! You’re the best.
RT @BrandonLRichard: JUST IN: President Donald Trump will campaign for @cindyhydesmith at rallies in Tupelo and Biloxi on November 26th --…
I noted that the Daily Caller is an extremely terrible website and just reprinted Trump's laughable lies about voter fraud without questioning him or noting they're false. This is how a Daily Caller editor responded. https://t.co/RPxcabGLc2
Correct. They're omitted some details from this one, like what he'll do in California and when he'll be leaving. https://t.co/9m9tMcKw8n
Here's Trump's public schedule for the weekend. He's visiting California today because of the fires. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/G8W2FyRBgA
RT @MarkLandler: As evidence of MBS’s role in the Khashoggi killing piles up, Trump has dropped any pretense of faulting the Saudi prince.…
@LBJStanAccount @gourmetspud @timpchisholm I’m not talking about the broader issues, just this person making hay of what Nurse was shown saying on espn
@timpchisholm People also don't understand the mic'ed up thing. ESPN isn't allowed to use the strategic parts like play calls, only the motivational parts.
RT @DanielPryorr: OH MY GOD 😂😭 https://t.co/CHh24Xy13A
RT @ddale8: This is cool to me! I wrote in the Post about why I fact-check everything Trump says, what it’s like to do this ridiculous thin…
RT @RobertGehrke: Here’s the updated snapshot of the race. It’s all kinda pointless right now. Showing Love with a projected 728-vote margi…
Stacey Abrams, acknowledging defeat, criticizes the “erosion of democracy” in Georgia, says she won’t make a traditional concession. https://t.co/vgqhtfw1ZJ
RT @benjaminwittes: This is astonishing. It's as though thousands of career DOJ officials spoke with one voice: this guy does not represent…
RT @maggieNYT: McConnell is looking for the escape hatch on prison reform, aka punting to next year when it almost certainly won't go throu…
RT @nytimes: Breaking News: Stacey Abrams ended her bid to become Georgia's governor. She sharply criticized her Republican rival, Brian Ke…
The departing Democratic congressman who harassed women required to work with him, by making repeated unwanted advances, says his problem was "immaturity and overconfidence." https://t.co/Vulg3Ln2Zy
Trump says he should've gone to Arlington, but: "I was extremely busy on calls for the country. We did a lot of calling, as you know." 		"Calls" are his go-to explanation for why he is actually busier than his schedule makes him seem. https://t.co/9bqqHC47fZ
RT @ESCochrane: News from House Ethics committee: faults Meadows for “failure to take prompt and decisive action to deal with the alleged s…
Quartz: Melania Trump incurred $174,000 in hotel bills during her trip to Toronto last year, though she did not stay overnight. That’s separate from $18,000 for her advance team. https://t.co/0RFbWnJzOf
RT @nytimes: President Trump said he intends to nominate Andrew Wheeler to be the permanent administrator of the EPA. Before joining the EP…
The judge did not say this. https://t.co/GAwbI3cofJ
RT @williamjordann: Genuinely wild to compare the demographics of Democrats who flipped seats in the 2006 wave vs. the 2018 wave. 		...in 2…
RT @maggieNYT: This is false. A team of his lawyers are writing them. https://t.co/6zbRbAz8ck
RT @Alex_Panetta: 🚨 40 congressional conservatives have sent President Trump a letter complaining about LGBT protections in the new NAFTA.…
This is misleading as usual. Judge didn’t rule on the 1A question either way; let it go for now, as Acosta won on 5A. Also, per @pdmcleod, judge said that while there is no 1A right for Americans to have access to the White House, 1A comes into play regarding the press corps. https://t.co/8MUYma2Zjq
RT @ElectProject: Nelson was hoping for a machine error that would be fixed when Broward examined its undervotes. That ain't happening. Thi…
RT @BenHowe: Apparently the guy who yelled “heil Hitler, heil Trump,” did it out of drunken hatred for the president. https://t.co/Dj0NoLoZ…
RT @SchneiderCNN: Judge emphasizes limited nature of ruling &amp; stresses that he did not decide whether or not the First Amendment was violat…
@BlakeMurphyODC Could you summarize?
RT @pdmcleod: And here it is! Kelly says plaintiffs have shown likelihood fifth amendment rights were violated, and there is irreparable ha…
RT @ErikWemple: Judge: fact that cnn has other pass holders does NOT make the “harm to @Acosta any less irreparable” (yay)
RT @pdmcleod: BIG: Judge Kelly rules Jim Acosta’s first amendment rights overrules the White House’s right to have orderly press conference…
@thomjohnson1 No.
RT @pdmcleod: Judge Kelly says Trump need not ever call on Jim Acosta again, but Acosta is owed due process if his hard pass is going to be…
Paul is tweeting from the decision on Acosta’s press pass. Judge is a Trump appointee. https://t.co/4J7oeg95dr
@sarahboesveld I like how you’re repaying me for being your country music agent
@plusnathan @ZachLowe_NBA My big complaint is actually with the ones that are NOT clear path fouls under the current definition, the ones Zach writes about here - where there IS a defender behind the ball, but just grabs a guy to stop a break. It ruins fun.
RT @pemalevy: Breaking: Broward County just finished its hand recount in the Senate race. Waaaaay ahead of schedule. This is bad news for N…
RT @pemalevy: Folks on the floor here in Broward seem to agree that the vast majority of ballots here are “no votes” in the Senate race. Ba…
@ZachLowe_NBA Thank you for complaining about break-stopping intentional fouls. JVG is right and they must be eradicated forever.
RT @attackerman: BREAKING from @ScribblerSix &amp; me: Two Navy SEALs &amp; two Marine Raiders have just been charged with murder, obstruction of j…
RT @wesleysmorgan: “Some platoon members were so distraught by the chief’s actions, investigators said, that they tampered with his sniper…
@nycsouthpaw This is a consistent problem!
@KathCLeSage Total! Not unique.
RT @jbendery: Mississippi Sen. Cindy Hyde-Smith (R): "There's a lot of liberal folks in those other schools who maybe we don't want to vote…
This is cool to me! I wrote in the Post about why I fact-check everything Trump says, what it’s like to do this ridiculous thing, and what I think U.S. media is still doing wrong in handling all the lying: https://t.co/GRPFeJf2ts
@AnnieLinskey @washingtonpost Awesome! Congratulations Annie.
RT @mattzap: CAN CONFIRM: Julian Assange has been charged, and prosecutors revealed it inadvertently in a court filing https://t.co/ndCo7PH…
@mariaspinella @vplus So sorry Maria.
RT @MSNBC: The number of people unaccounted for in the Camp Fire of Northern California more than doubled, rising from 297 to 631, official…
Going on MSNBC @lawrence to talk about Trump lying the most he’s ever lied since I started counting.
Here’s Trump’s public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don’t include all of a president’s activities.) https://t.co/5w8cY2xdI3
The chairman of the Orange County Republicans told me a month ago that the Democrats were “not going to win a single one” of the four GOP-held House seats in the county. Looks like they’re about to flip all of them. https://t.co/50wZqeMfHx https://t.co/XuOGcdJLQj
@steveomalley ?
An aggressive critic of Wall Street banks unseats a former investment banker, in Orange County, running on Medicare-for-all and such. https://t.co/rlbkMXQJBQ
RT @Redistrict: For Ben McAdams (D), this is a case where adding to your lead isn't good news, b/c it wasn't by enough. #UT04 Rep. Mia Love…
RT @Redistrict: New: in #CA39, Gil Cisneros (D) has *taken the lead* over Young Kim (R), by 941 votes. He's on track to complete Dems' wipe…
Tweeting this thread one last time https://t.co/8S0kUdtLuL
@asmamk @npratc So sorry. Horrible.
RT @baseballot: Again, we're going to a hand recount anyway, so this is all going to come out in the wash. But it's just more ammunition fo…
RT @FrancesRobles: Broward County machine recount results were two minutes late and were rejected by the state.
Unions, Democrats raise concerns about the USMCA as automakers call on Trump to lift his steel and aluminum tariffs and not impose quotas in their place: https://t.co/teF3Jqw5ea
In testimony at a USMCA hearing today in Washington, the AFL-CIO says it is not sold on the agreement -- some "positive changes," but unclear the improvements are "sufficient to make a meaningful difference to jobs and wages." Trump admin has a ways to go to get Dem approval.
RT @lizcgoodwin: Trump is traveling to California Saturday to visit people affected by the wildfires, WH announces
Robert Wilkie, veterans secretary, says of Trump, "There has never been a presidential campaign, certainly in the post-WWII era, where one of the candidates made veterans the centrepiece of his campaign." He adds, "Veterans have never had a better friend in the White House."
RT @daveweigel: Susan Collins is now the *only* Republican member of Congress across New England. https://t.co/UAsOYeabvo
After officially losing the election under the system voters used to vote, Maine Republican congressman says it is officially clear he won the election under another system they did not use. https://t.co/GoFknHtLsZ
RT @greggiroux: Maine's 2nd Congressional District ranked-choice-voting election result	Jared Golden (D) 139,231 votes (50.53%)	Rep. Bruce…
@RobLong @ec_schneider That's old.
RT @ec_schneider: JARED GOLDEN WINS in ranked-choice vote in #ME02, another Dem pickup.
RT @ddale8: How much lying did Donald Trump do in the run-up to the midterms?		He made 815 false claims in one month. EIGHT HUNDRED FIFTEEN…
RT @JonLemire: A military-themed day after Trump cancelled one of his visits to WWI cemeteries in France over the weekend and did not make…
RT @NBCNews: NEW: Exclusive: Trump admin. officials asked federal law enforcement agencies to examine legal ways of removing exiled Turkish…
RT @moneyries: A man stood up and shouted, “Heil Hitler! Heil Trump!” during a Baltimore performance of “Fiddler on the Roof” last night. A…
RT @HarrisonBDN: A federal judge Thursday morning denied Bruce Polquin's request that ranked choice voting be stopped while his lawsuit ove…
@ShaneGooda11 Total, not unique. Many are repeats.
One more stat: here are the top four topics of Trump's false claims during his wildly dishonest month leading up to the midterms. More or less what I'd have guessed. 		Democrats: 214	Immigration: 201	Economy: 127	Health care: 113
@emjaymurphee I don't really understand why people say this to ME. My job isn't to win votes or persuade people to be liberal, it's to provide information.
@danielradosh I haven't had a chance to do one for this period, but I did one in July: https://t.co/Vwp8zvyagn
RT @FrancesRobles: More than a dozen precincts lost a substantial number of votes in Palm Beach county, the supervisor said.
RT @FrancesRobles: Palm Beach county recount is missing votes. They’re trying to figure out why.
The Senate confirmed Mueller 98-0 in 2001 and 100-0 in 2011, both as FBI director. Special counsels don't require confirmation. Trump has not only absurdly argued that Mueller doesn't have confirmation as special counsel, he has explicitly lied that Mueller was never confirmed. https://t.co/L5WLei6Ziy
There is a strong correlation between the number of words Trump speaks and the number of false claims: .73. However, his dishonesty density has increased over time; he's not just talking more, he's lying more per word. Analysis: https://t.co/Vwp8zvyagn  https://t.co/W45cCm4cv4
Finally: all of these charts and statistics are courtesy of superb Toronto Star editor @EdTubb, who is the hidden hand behind the fact-check series.
Last data point: Trump averaged 26.3 false claims per day in the month leading up to the midterms. In 2017, it was 2.9 per day.
Trump made 664 false claims in October. That was more than double his previous record, 320 in August. He has now set new monthly records in June, July, August and October. Here's the month-by-month chart: https://t.co/8HVGBzhfr7
The three most dishonest days of Trump's presidency were the three days prior to the midterms. The record: 74 false claims the day before the midterms.
Trump made more false claims in the two months leading up to the midterms, 1,176, than he did in all of 2017, 1,011. Here is a chart showing just how extreme this period was: https://t.co/q58RDuTJm0
How much lying did Donald Trump do in the run-up to the midterms?		He made 815 false claims in one month. EIGHT HUNDRED FIFTEEN.		It took him 286 days to make his first 815 false claims. He just did it in 31.		https://t.co/l4prYiZT0F
RT @abbydphillip: Just as a factual matter, Mueller worked as FBI director for 8 years under President George W. Bush, and continued on for…
Trump's analysis of the election: Trump did great because "I picked up three" Senate seats (it'll be a gain of two max); also, they "almost" beat Jon Tester; also, they "almost" retained the Arizona seat, but something "odd" happened; he didn't have time to help with the House. https://t.co/pA3c3kXulL
Trump tells the Daily Caller that the New York Times used to be a mere “leaflet” before his presidency but is now “a vibrant paper” because it writes about him. https://t.co/JUdFEpIeDL
RT @washingtonpost: Opinion: Every John Kelly piece I’ve read for eight months, but maybe it’s real this time? https://t.co/1POcGQ5kJK
Here's Trump's public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/zuqFYaeO1D
@DanielYRubin @BlakeMurphyODC Giving up a basket on a baseline inbounds is a tribute to Lenny Wilkens
@BlakeMurphyODC That was such a good tribute! Not even getting a shot on the rim is the trademark play
This book is so good. A gripping deradicalization romance! https://t.co/BLRxvR6VVj
RT @nickconfessore: NEW: @patrickgaspard, who heads the Soros philanthropies, writes to Sheryl Sandberg. https://t.co/MQYV2VVeCK
@byrdinator Oh man, so sorry
@ekoreen It is crazy to watch, he has like 10 deflections
@byrdinator Did you get cancelled by tweeting about them or what?
RT @hellofasandwich: #CA39: With additional ballots tallied today in San Bernardino and Orange County, Democrat Gil Cisneros now trails You…
WaPo: Matt Whitaker did nothing about warnings that the company he was advising was a fraud, threatened Ripoff Report for posting complaints: https://t.co/2O9tNsVKB1
@digitalhen Thank you.
@digitalhen What was theirs?
It is wild to me how often we're still seeing garbage Trump-lie-amplifying headlines and tweets. The media has all these complicated systemic issues, and this one is so painfully easy to fix, and yet. https://t.co/n4DK4H5Mhs
RT @LAPDHQ: We can confirm that today LAPD Detectives arrested Michael Avenatti on suspicion of domestic violence. This is an ongoing inves…
The top official Melania Trump wanted gone: https://t.co/JutRLDTZI1
RT @NateSilver538: New votes from Salt Lake County in UT-4. If I'm doing the math right, they show Love (R) gaining ~6300 votes and McAdams…
RT @chrisgeidner: Michael Avenatti Has Been Arrested On Suspicion Of Domestic Violence https://t.co/IqFoS6Q8rf from @cjrosenbaum
RT @kadhimshubber: Holy smokes https://t.co/P6kxTeKttw https://t.co/xzhsnKPpSb
RT @rebeccaballhaus: In July, Chuck Schumer—who has raised thousands from Facebook employees and whose daughter works there—told Mark Warne…
RT @MEPFuller: Here we go: There are 17 names currently on the letter to oppose Pelosi.		I count another half-dozen-ish who have kind of fi…
Good tweets from @ErikWemple on the hearing over Acosta's press pass. https://t.co/YWNMNeibZJ
RT @pdmcleod: Flake confirms he will vote against Trump’s judicial picks both in the Judiciary Committee (where he is the swing vote) and o…
Trump hails this bipartisanship, thanks Kushner, says the bill is "the right thing to do," urges lawmakers to get the bill to him. That was an atypical Trump announcement.
@TerriJo60164390 Not particularly, but it's at least a slight improvement.
Trump touts a provision seeking to get prisoners incarcerated closer to their homes (a maximum of 500 miles), saying it will help them maintain family ties.
Trump boasts that he's rolling back some of the provisions of Bill Clinton's harsh crime bill. He says that law "disproportionately harmed the African-American community." That is true.
Trump touts the softening of some mandatory minimums: "We're getting very much tougher on the truly bad criminals...but we're treating people differently for different crimes. Some people got caught up in situations that were very bad." Cites Alice Johnson.
Trump announces his support of a bipartisan criminal justice reform bill, which Sessions had opposed. He says it'll "make our communities safer and give former inmates a second chance at life."
RT @frankthorp: NEW: @JeffFlake says he will not vote to advance any of of the 21 judicial nominees pending in the judicial committee, or v…
RT @frankthorp: McConnell just objected to @JeffFlake's motion to bring up the Mueller protection bill in the full Senate.
RT @dsamuelsohn: In a one-page status report filed this PM, lawyers for special counsel Robert Mueller and Rick Gates say the former Trump…
@bruce_arthur I think this is the most I've ever wanted people to not get along. Whatever it takes to break up that team
RT @sahilkapur: NEW: Rep. Tom MacArthur's defeat shows the power of health care in 2018. He co-authored a provision in the House Obamacare…
@BigBadDaveB I don't know what's in his brain, but I don't think he has a real problem with this. He gets dates right when he wants to. It's only in these good news stories when they keep creeping closer and closer.
One of Trump's little dishonesty tactics is to perpetually move good-news events closer to the present, so they sound fresher, more exciting. One example: in mid-July, Trump pressured two drug companies into delaying planned price increases. Here's how he's told the story since. https://t.co/rxwsjJK9Da
RT @VeraMBergen: Mattis: "My mother was an immigrant, ok? She told me how hard it was to get into America. So believe me, we want legal imm…
@cinnadude False. That was not Lindsay Walters.
Trump makes clear again that the "hands on an intern" thing was a pretext, saying of Acosta, "We’ll see how the court rules. Is it freedom of the press when somebody comes in and starts screaming questions and won’t sit down.”
Some Democrats extra-wanted this one. MacArthur revived Obamacare repeal, and he was the only New Jersey member of Congress to vote for Trump's tax law. https://t.co/ft8KCi4b4C
Trump also did his most specific lying about Florida, making up a story about how Broward County has inserted fraudulent ballots into the pool of legit ballots so now you can't tell which is which. The Daily Caller is such trash that it doesn't even hint this might not be true. https://t.co/SCxPAIFlpy
Trump returns to his dangerous lying about elections, makes up story about massive voter fraud he says has cost the Republicans victories...and falsely adds that you need a "voter ID" to buy cereal. (The Daily Caller, of course, just printed all of this, because it's horrific.) https://t.co/NB0LcYRhXY
RT @NickMiroff: The Sec of Defense, the Sec of DHS and the commissioner of CBP are all walking around in a barren field in south Texas tour…
RT @VeraMBergen: Another soldier asked Mattis what the short and long term goals of the mission at the border are.		"Short term, get the ob…
Trump has added an event to his schedule. He'll be speaking at 4:30 on the First Step Act, the bipartisan criminal justice reform bill that Kushner and other advocates have been hoping he'll support.
RT @DanLamothe: Mattis, at Base Camp Donna, is asked by a soldier whether they'll have to remove the concertina wire at the border that the…
RT @mkraju: Several House Democratic freshmen who said they would oppose Pelosi during campaign told me they will still oppose her now. But…
RT @DylanByers: New:: The AP; Bloomberg; First Look; Fox News; Gannett; National Press Club; NBC News; The New York Times; Politico; Press…
RT @CharlieGileNBC: Interesting to note: this filing does not accuse Acosta of putting his hands on the White House intern. https://t.co/PS…
@JayCaruso That seems unsurprising. All the best.
@JayCaruso That’s totally fair Jay. I don’t mean to suggest you’re Ingraham or part of some cabal.
RT @ericawerner: A half-dozen rank-and-file GOP lawmakers stood up in conference this morning to say they’re still in the majority for now…
RT @finnygo: NEW: @FoxNews to file Amicus brief in support of @CNN’s lawsuit vs. White House  Per Fox News President @jayawallace . https:/…
RT @pbump: If every unresolved House race is decided for the person currently leading, this is what the next Congress will look like. https…
RT @ericawerner: House Republicans-elect look pretty different from House Democrats-elect. https://t.co/KSgFVU4cFx
RT @maggieNYT: “Analysts, historians and veterans of previous administrations said there were few comparable instances of a commander in ch…
RT @willsommer: DC police arrest an armed man who communicated with the Pittsburgh synagogue shooter on Gab and said the shooting was a “dr…
RT @MEPFuller: I really do think we've all been conditioned into believing that Nancy Pelosi can always find a way, but she really does see…
RT @AP: BREAKING: Democrat Josh Harder wins U.S. House seat in California farm belt, defeats 4-term Republican Rep. Jeff Denham. https://t.…
Here’s Trump’s public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don’t include all of a president’s activities.) https://t.co/Z5tncKKrRZ
RT @jdawsey1: Theresa May called Trump Friday to congratulate him. She got berated. Macron got the surly treatment. So did White House aide…
The conservative media ecosystem blasted the mainstream media for not immediately writing about the historic victory of Young Kim...who looks like she might well lose. https://t.co/PPZC1ZR4dM
As expected, it's not looking great for Walters. https://t.co/Kfv6N2eSru
This is a Republican epidemic. The campaign of Republican California candidate Young Kim, whose own lead is shrinking as votes are counted as normal, is accusing the Democrat's campaign of "harassing and intimidating vote counters in Orange County." https://t.co/SDM0wzjDB0
The campaign of Republican California Rep. Mimi Walters, whose lead is shrinking as votes are counted, is fundraising by saying Dems are trying to "steal" her seat "after the fact" and warning that she has to make sure "vote tallies aren't tampered with." https://t.co/YY5hrrGHhp
The Associated Press finds that Matt Whitaker has some more in common with Trump: https://t.co/QiAlxOwTXB https://t.co/PZpKvaUV0N
RT @Redistrict: #UT04 update: Salt Lake County gives Ben McAdams (D) 5,059 new votes, Rep. Mia Love (R) 4,722. McAdams's overall lead stand…
Asked about the racial controversy over a fellow Republican referring to a “public hanging” while running against a Black man, Mississippi’s governor asks why people aren’t outraged about a real problem, the “genocide” perpetrated by Black women getting abortions. https://t.co/47cdkaJfcC
RT @chrisgeidner: The background on that quote now coming out comes in this WSJ story from earlier today: https://t.co/KDGkTOEpWG
RT @chrisgeidner: Yikes! https://t.co/sPANEUsYaT
This concludes this year's episode of Donald Trump Does Diwali.
Struggling briefly to light one of the parts of the Diya, Trump says, "I thought somebody set me up here...where they think it's so cute...they didn't do that."
Trump, instructed to light the multiple parts of the Diya, says he didn't want to be selfish. Pointing at the journalists in the room, he says, "They'll accuse me of being selfish."
At his White House Diwali event, Trump calls up FCC chair Ajit Pai, then chides him over, I think, his handling of conservative Sinclair's attempt to buy Tribune Media: "I just didn't like one decision he made, but that's alright. Not even a little bit. But he's independent."
RT @washingtonpost: Hate crimes rose 17% last year — the third annual increase in a row — and anti-Semitic hate crimes rose 37%, according…
RT @Yair_Rosenberg: The FBI just released its annual hate crimes statistics. Jews were the target of 60% of anti-religious hate crimes, des…
Voters were allowed to rank candidates 1, 2, 3. Poliquin is leading narrowly on voters' first preferences, but he's widely expected to lose after the second preferences of voters who chose the independent candidates are reallocated. https://t.co/Yj4swceuZZ
Maine Republican congressman Bruce Poliquin has filed a lawsuit trying to prevent the state from using ranked-choice voting to decide the outcome of his race. That is the system Maine voters chose, and how they decided how to vote. https://t.co/aiBOdzoyRK
Amateur tip: never fall behind four weeks on fact-checking Donald Trump.
@jdawsey1 https://t.co/Oa0zay9D1q
RT @jaketapper: CNN sues President Trump and top White House aides for barring Jim Acosta		https://t.co/5GsAmQOZDF
@colmant_ No, 640, sorry - my clock is set to Pacific
Yes, Trump perpetually talks about NATO in a highly misleading way. The debate is about how much countries will spend on their own defence, not send to the alliance itself. (I just have to pick one thing at a time.) https://t.co/DNkeencj6P
New Trump argument: France needs to pay more toward NATO because NATO member Germany might get scary again. https://t.co/SV3PHSRdcs
WaPo: "When Nielsen has tried to explain the laws and regulations that prevent the government from drastically curtailing immigration or  closing the border with Mexico, as Trump has suggested, the president has grown impatient and frustrated, aides said." https://t.co/nm3GSTh47p
RT @WSJ: Breaking: Amazon will name New York City and Northern Virginia as its additional headquarters as soon as Tuesday https://t.co/X00B…
Here's Trump's public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/WhN7AxUiVb
It didn't end up being a particularly superb Senate showing for Republicans. Democrats gained seats in Arizona and Nevada and defended seats in states Trump won by 42 (WV) and 21 (MT). With Dems defending 26 seats to their 9, Republicans will end up +2 if they get Florida.
So after all of Trump’s gleefulness about how he personally hounded Jeff Flake out of office, Republicans ended up losing Flake’s seat.
RT @npfandos: NEWS w/@maggieNYT: Senators have reached a bipartisan criminal justice reform deal		Kushner likely to brief Trump tomorrow, &amp;…
Sinema's lead has grown again, to 38,197 votes, after Maricopa County's latest update.
Sinema’s lead rises to 35,814 votes. This doesn’t seem particularly tight. (@Redistrict says it’s over, other media have been more cautious to call.) https://t.co/3HKD3qjDkW
RT @NatashaBertrand: Roger Stone associate Jerome Corsi on his livestream: “I’m gonna be indicted. That’s what we’re told. I’m fully expect…
At the Paris Peace Forum Trump skipped, Trudeau criticized attempts to weaken public trust in media. He argued such efforts contribute to a cynicism that prompts people to seek "easy answers in populism, in nationalism, in closing borders, in shutting down trade, in xenophobia." https://t.co/xYu8eQJXg1
RT @jbendery: WHERE WE ARE: the President of the United States is raising money off his dangerous/false/bonkers allegations that a full vot…
Trudeau, choosing his words with evident caution, when asked whether he wished Trump would tweet less: "I think it's important that people are authentic, and he's certainly authentic." https://t.co/BGgQgII3Bt
@egavactip I thought the Jeff Guinn history was great too.
This is becoming one of my favourite accounts on Twitter. I can’t even block it, it’s too fun https://t.co/4kh0ht7kYv
RT @AmyEGardner: Florida judge says there's no evidence of fraud in Broward, denies Scott's request to impound equipment, tells everyone to…
@MaryMumps This tour is so exciting
RT @ElectProject: A mismatched signature does not equal an illegal vote. It is well known among election officials that peoples' signatures…
RT @timothypmurphy: I just want to note here that it's literally the opposite of what they do in sports https://t.co/QmhXb6U6x9
RT @politicalinsidr: More Jolt: Remember Brian Kemp's launch of an investigation into voter data hacking by Georgia Democrats? We checked:…
RT @JessicaWehrman: WE DO SCOOPS ON VET'S DAY. Sherrod Brown for president? He's thinking about it https://t.co/1tC6CE0xC4
RT @jdawsey1: A lid at 10 AM. Trump will have no movements today, per White House.
Like, look at this. The articles themselves usually note that there's no evidence for Trump's evidenceless claims - NBC's article, for example, puts the corrective in its sub-headline - but he continues to get the headlines and quote-tweets he wants. https://t.co/DQAvZY0vs8
Three years into the Trump era, mainstream media outlets continue to blast out his lies to millions of people without pointing out they're not true. https://t.co/VPKS4ADh6m
Pelosi: "Right now, it is a work in progress." The new Democratic majority makes clear that it does not think NAFTA negotiations are over, has issues with the labour provisions, has no plans to quickly approve this version: https://t.co/sSISUVPH17
RT @srl: Florida accepts ballots from overseas and military voters through November 16. https://t.co/ANDhRlhtVZ
Just profoundly undemocratic. The president claims, with no apparent evidence, that Florida votes were “forged” and “massively infected,” says the state should ignore its recount law. https://t.co/LBzKcKCMBG
RT @peterbakernyt: Satellite images suggest North Korea has engaged in a great deception: It has offered to dismantle a major missile launc…
This tweet about ballots in Georgia has gone viral. It isn't true. See here: https://t.co/0d6GstfoxP		https://t.co/t6hIVZd1J4
RT @theintercept: Richard Ojeda, West Virginia lawmaker who led teacher strikes, is launching a long-shot bid for the White House https://t…
Here's Trump's public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/CavbRMGccR
RT @TeddyAmen: The two met because they stayed behind in Vegas and helped the victims, using their own shirts to stop the bleeding. https:/…
RT @EricHolthaus: UPDATE: The #CampFire in Northern California is now the deadliest wildfire in state history.		- 29 dead	- 228 still missi…
RT @YAppelbaum: 1. Let me tell you the story of the best excuse for not meeting a deadline I’ve ever seen from an @TheAtlantic freelancer.…
Axios: Trump has decided Puerto Rico should get no more hurricane relief money after baselessly deciding that Puerto Rican politicians are misusing the funds -- possibly because he misunderstood a WSJ article, possibly because he doesn't like Puerto Rico. https://t.co/f9hDsT9nhn
Sinema’s lead keeps growing: https://t.co/XMormwpZnE
RT @Taniel: Media should revise how it reports results. Saying "100% in" in CA &amp; AZ because 100% of precincts report that small fraction of…
Conspiracymongering via FOI: via @brahmresnik, the Arizona Republican Party has filed a freedom of information request for any interactions between the Maricopa County elections office and...George Soros. https://t.co/d8JQIGqUSc
RT @PFA809: Mr. President, with all due respect, you are wrong.  The fires in So. Cal are urban interface fires and have NOTHING to do with…
RT @Redistrict: Staggering: if every uncalled race breaks as I expect, House Dems' class of 61 freshmen would include *35* women &amp; just 19…
Going on MSNBC with @JoyAnnReid
RT @yashar: Incredible. @weeklystandard reported that Steve King referred to immigrants as "dirt." Rep. King and his camp denied he did and…
RT @albamonica: Quick snapshots of President Trump’s reaction as President Macron wrapped his armistice speech, strongly rebuking nationali…
RT @jdelreal: In an absolutely scathing statement, California Professional Firefighters President Brian Rice blasts President Trump’s comme…
RT @MarkSalter55: Stop doing this, NRSC. McSally is losing fair and square, and she’s underperforming in more than Maricopa. The race is al…
RT @POLITICO_Steve: New: Rep. Dana Rohrabacher (R-Calif.) has been defeated, the @AP projects. #CA48 https://t.co/N4UgGOSIb0
RT @RonBrownstein: The urban/suburban recoil from Trump’s GOP is unfolding pretty much everywhere: not just PHI NJ SEA, CHI but Atlanta Dal…
RT @FOX10Phoenix: #BREAKING Maricopa has posted updated #AZSenate results. New numbers show Sinema leading by over 28,000 votes. https://t.…
RT @jimsciutto: 1- Recounts are mandated by Florida law within 0.5% margin	2- Florida Secretary of State - a Republican - says "no evidence…
This is quite a story. The NYT embeds with the troops getting heat exhaustion, eating MREs and digging trenches to keep water away from their cots as they do nothing useful awaiting the caravan: https://t.co/YVI0kxBLHj
@HywelDaniel I'm not telling people how to think about it, just that they should know that it's being shared with inaccurate context.
FYI - this clip is going around as Trudeau showing up Trump today, but it's from 14 months ago. (Dieppe was a World War II raid, not World War I.) https://t.co/pvvjGaX26c
RT @PostBaron: An attack on one of the world’s bravest journalists. https://t.co/Jy0L2rFHvq
RT @B_M_Finnigan: All mail-ins, provisionals, early and Election Day counted from all counties.	Scott 4,098,107	Nelson 4,085,545		Military/…
RT @dwbeard: FL Update, 11/10, noon:	Ag Comm: DEM +5,226 (+.06%)	Senate: GOP +12,562 (+.15%)	Governor: GOP +33,684 (+.41%)		-Palm Beach onl…
Good @MarkLandler recap of Trump’s renewed assault on democratic institutions these last three days. https://t.co/cWMgVSto1y https://t.co/DOYplQj8Kl
Guys how would I even think of this mix of people https://t.co/xKMfsL5VAN
Trump announces he is giving the Presidential Medal of Freedom to Republican megadonor Miriam Adelson; retiring Republican Sen. Orrin Hatch; the late conservative justice Antonin Scalia; Babe Ruth; Elvis; NFL Hall of Famer/judge Alan Page; NFL Hall of Famer Roger Staubach.
RT @charlie_savage: We knew Whitaker was a critic of Russia inquiry but turns out to be more: in July 2017 he interviewed with WH Counsel M…
All of these Tough Crying Backstage Man stories came weeks after he told so many of these stories that I wrote an article about it. https://t.co/UWCcGETAqX
Tears Update: Here are the five five times since October 1 that Trump has claimed a big, tough man approached him in tears backstage and told him "thank you for saving our country." https://t.co/iIWhg4tGbC
Should add: Mueller was re-confirmed 100-0 in 2011 for a two-year extension.
I'd thought Trump's argument that Mueller hasn't been Senate-confirmed was just very misleading, since special counsels don't need confirmation, but it's much worse: he argued Whitaker was Senate-confirmed in the past, 2004, but Mueller wasn't. Mueller was confirmed 98-0 in 2001. https://t.co/3Fa6SbjsBj
RT @IsaacDovere: Beyond Ben Jealous, Stacey Abrams and Andrew Gillum, a new generation of young black politicians was elected this week: th…
RT @nytmike: Fact check: The White House pressured Sessions to make Whitaker his chief of staff. https://t.co/NfercUDLwz
This is the kind of dishonest distancing Trump usually does after the firing, resignation, scandal or guilty plea, not immediately after appointing the guy.
Here's Trump's public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/WtTQnMRpOM
In one of his occasional did-a-lawyer-draft-this-tweet? tweets, Trump has gone from "I don't know Matt Whitaker" to "no social contact." https://t.co/1airnpnicY
@KittyFan44 Interesting, I didn't know that about Modesto. Thanks!
Seems quite possible Democrats will flip all four California House seats in the affluent Republican bastion of Orange County, plus the heavily rural/heavily Latino 10th District east of San Jose. They already flipped the 25th in LA County. https://t.co/Uno8fNbK97
RT @williamjordann: Another BIG drop for @katieporteroc. Walters lead now down to just 1 point, 50.5-49.5 https://t.co/gjeI2h8uTu
RT @greggiroux: California's 48th: Harley Rouda (D) extended lead over Rep. Dana Rohrabacher (R) to 7,328 votes/3.6 points from 4,756 votes…
Democrats continue to gain ground in tight House races in California, with a lot of counting left: https://t.co/pOlDn1S6QF
RT @jerryiannelli: Miami-Dade Elections spokesperson said that it was on voters to mail ballots back to the county by 7 p.m. on election da…
RT @jerryiannelli: NEW: I obtained photos that appear to show tons of uncounted ballots sitting inside a Miami-area mailroom in Opa-locka.…
RT @dougducey: We often hear the phrase: Every vote matters. And the #AZSen race is proof. So let’s get this right. All legally cast votes…
RT @DavidNakamura: NEW: Trump’s insults toward black reporters, candidates echo ‘historic playbooks’ used against African Americans https:/…
The president, prominent Republican members of Congress, and a prominent Fox host are all suggesting that there is something nefarious about counting people’s votes. https://t.co/QE0QRzaCzn
RT @jonswaine: It was on his Wikipedia page https://t.co/FxGPC3Qpxh
@vee_terra More than half of California voters vote by mail. It's not even close to that in Canada.
RT @brahmresnik: BREAKING @kyrstensinema lead grows from 9,500 votes to 21,000 with Maricopa County vote drop. #AZSEN #12News https://t.co/…
WaPo: The acting attorney general's role as an adviser to a scam company "came as a surprise to both senior Justice Department and White House officials, several officials said." https://t.co/21MjH81Swr
RT @PostRoz: Matthew Whitaker received a subpoena in FTC investigation of Florida company in October 2017. He told the FTC he was too busy…
RT @KielTWilliams: Next in my 2018 midterm series: IA-4. Steve King had a closer call than I think most people expected. https://t.co/2lmCw…
Good explainer on why California takes so long to have election results and what's going on right now: https://t.co/jR6n7BqbIz
RT @John_Hudson: SCOOP: Trump administration to end refueling for Saudi coalition aircraft in Yemen,  halting the most tangible and controv…
RT @passantino: Malibu officials say they can't remember such a widespread evacuation of the coastal community ever happening before. 200,0…
In an interview in late October, Trump suggested to Agri-Pulse that he might want to be a farmer if he was not busy being president. 		"I understand the industry. I love the farmers. I think, maybe, if I wasn't doing this, I might like farming better than anything."
RT @JoshuaADouglas: Big settlement in AZ Senate race. It essentially gives voters from everywhere the ability to verify their ballots. That…
RT @paulwsj: WSJ SCOOP: The FBI is conducting a criminal investigation of a company with ties to acting Attorney General Matthew Whitaker (…
Trump told WSOC 9 Charlotte in late October that he had 22,000 people inside his rally in Houston, plus "51,000 people outside." Houston's police chief said 3,000 people were outside.
Trump told KFVS TV in Missouri last week that good guys with guns would have helped save lives in Paris, at "the nightclub where almost 500 people were killed." Ninety people were killed at the nightclub.
RT @steveschale: Matt, this is not accurate.  On Wednesday morning, the Broward turnout site reported a total turnout of 716k, but ballots…
RT @bkesling: "They come back and they're never the same."		@realDonaldTrump's comments on the Thousand Oaks shooter lumps all combat vets…
The president is currently trying to delegitimize elections in three states, two of which Republican candidates are still favoured to win.
Translation: things aren't looking great for the Republican Senate candidate in Arizona. https://t.co/B5eJ2VSYSC
RT @Mdixon55: Gov. Rick Scott, in his role as Senate candidate, last night asked the Florida Department of Law Enforcement to investigate l…
RT @baseballot: Now updated for today! The 13 House races, 3 Senate races, and 1 governor's race that remain uncalled. https://t.co/84uparY…
RT @nytimes: America is again mourning lives lost in a mass shooting, this time at the Borderline Bar &amp; Grill in Thousand Oaks, California.…
WSJ: "Trump was involved in or briefed on nearly every step of the agreements. He directed deals in phone calls and meetings with...Michael Cohen, and others. The U.S. attorney’s office in Manhattan has gathered evidence of Mr. Trump’s participation." https://t.co/kIWbwZkF8q
RT @rebeccaballhaus: Federal prosecutors have evidence of Trump's participation in hush-money payments to women, contradicting two years of…
The president is on Air Force One to France, lying over and over that there is fraud in states counting votes from voters. https://t.co/uN3ycykWlX
Today, Trump said: "I don't know Matt Whitaker."		In a Fox and Friends interview a month ago, Trump said: "I know Matt Whitaker." 		(Via @JustinFishelABC) https://t.co/aZHLqz6dMu
Trump to/on Black female reporters this week:	- Alcindor: "Such a racist question...I know you have it written down."	- Phillip: “What a stupid question...But I watch you a lot, you ask a lot of stupid questions."	- Ryan: "Loser...She doesn't know what the hell she's doing."
Oh good, Trump is also suggesting that Arizona counting voters’ votes is fraudulent. https://t.co/VlYC34bu8W
Trump's full quote to CNN's Abby Phillip, while glaring and shaking his finger at her: “What a stupid question that is. What a stupid question. But I watch you a lot, you ask a lot of stupid questions."
In the same exchange, Trump told told another Black female journalist, Abby Phillip, that her perfectly normal, good and important question was "a stupid question." https://t.co/dweaZN70tt
Trump making it sound like counting votes is a conspiracy: "All of a sudden they're finding votes? You mean AFTER the election? They're finding votes?" He adds that Nelson's lawyer "represented Hillary Clinton" in "shady things," concludes: "What you oughtta do is get smart."
@MattNegrin No it's very bad.
RT @atrupar: Trump asserts that the doctored video Sarah Sanders shared of Acosta was not actually doctored, it was just "a close-up view."…
Asked about Jim Acosta, Trump brings up April Ryan, and questions the competency of a Black person for the third time in a week: "I mean, you talk about somebody that's a loser. She doesn't know what the hell she's doing."
RT @mkraju: Trump, threatening to further retaliate against the free press if he doesn’t like their coverage, now saying “there could be ot…
RT @EliStokols: Trump calls Acosta a "very unprofessional guy... I don't think he's a smart person, but he's got a loud voice...		"This is…
Here is Trump baselessly suggesting there is fraud going on because Rick Scott's lead has gotten smaller. It has gotten smaller as more ballots have been counted. https://t.co/l1RfTLYQHJ
Asked about prominent conservative lawyer George Conway's NYT op-ed saying Whitaker's appointment is unconstitutional, Trump said, "WHO???" When Conway was re-identified, he said, "You mean, you mean, Mr. Kellyanne Conway?"
Trump added that Whitaker is a "very respected man in the law enforcement community," and that the "choice was greeted with raves, initially, and it still is, in some circles," but "it's a shame that no matter who I put in, they go after him."
Extended quote: "Well Matt Whitaker, I don't know Matt Whitaker. Matt Whitaker worked for Jeff Sessions. And he was always extremely highly thought of, and he still is. But I didn't know Matt Whitaker. He worked for Attorney General Sessions."
RT @jdawsey1: Trump, contra what he’s saying right now, does know Whitaker. Many meetings in Oval. One reason he picked him was because he…
This is an especially nonsensical you're-the-puppet. https://t.co/XRbKn5UV2i
Here's Trump's public schedule for today. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/ItL1RHREB2
Per pool: Trump said "I don’t know Whitaker," his new acting attorney general, and that he hasn't spoken to Whitaker about the Mueller investigation. He also said Whitaker is “highly thought of."
RT @MichaelGrabell: When customers wanted their money back, Whitaker threatened them with criminal charges and imprisonment if they made an…
RT @Mdixon55: Florida Department of Law Enforcement has just confirmed they will investigate Broward and Palm Beach election officials, as…
RT @nytimes: A federal judge late Thursday blocked construction of the disputed Keystone XL oil pipeline, saying the Trump administration "…
RT @amyfiscus: NEW: On his way out the door, Jeff Sessions dramatically limited the use of consent decrees to help stop police abuses @ktbe…
RT @mcimaps: OMG.  Looking at county-level undervote.  Broward stands out for having 3.7% of its ballots left blank for #FLSEN but cast for…
RT @RonBrownstein: Florida! (Only one word required, like Chinatown.) https://t.co/nB0JcHvAn6
@LPeterP The signing happens before it goes to Congress.
Negotiating with Donald Trump: Canada’s ambassador to the U.S. says that if Trump doesn’t lift the steel and aluminum tariffs, Trudeau won’t be part of a big USMCA signing celebration with him, might just send Freeland or something. https://t.co/wLeb7FWxzc
@DJPenn1 Me too, it’s so entertaining
@dikenson @christinemcdan Just making sure I’m getting this right - those are three of the top five congressional districts for exclusion requests?
This thread is bonkers. Rubio is alleging an election-stealing conspiracy based on nothing at all. https://t.co/35JIhnJSSE
RT @darrensands: There's a 3-min hold for Florida voters checking on provisional ballots on election protection hotline before the caller i…
RT @BryanLowry3: Tuesday: Kansas voters elect an LGBT woman to Congress, two LGBT candidates to #ksleg Thursday: The incoming governor anno…
(Nobody covered the Pittsburgh protests as violent "riots" or "World War III." WaPo said the main protest had about 2,000 people, not the "a hundred" Trump claimed.)
Here's the transcript of Trump's comments to Christian Broadcasting last week on his post-massacre visit to Pittsburgh. https://t.co/pY2LswKCuJ
RT @Taniel: "More people in Broward voted for the commissioner of agriculture, chief financial officer &amp; attorney general than they did for…
RT @SteveKornacki: There are several unresolved issues in Florida, where Bill Nelson currently trails by 21,888 votes (0.26%). One involves…
A ways still to go in Florida: https://t.co/I7M5W7TjMu
RT @mattzap: SCOOP: Whitaker has no intention of recusing from Russia probe. After he got to Justice, he questioned Rosenstein’s giving Mue…
Here's how Hannity's interview with Trump on Monday ended. (Before the rally where Trump called Hannity up on stage.) https://t.co/dLNotI60sv
@PQuinceNYC Rally in Missouri
From Monday, here's the transcript of Trump's latest musings on "elites." https://t.co/gbeoI2qhLE
RT @EsotericCD: When Donald Trump rolls up ancestrally Dem eastern Ohio (the key to Dem statewide victories for decades), it's easy to say…
RT @LucasFoxNews: U.S. Marine Corps releases service record of Thousand Oaks, California shooter Ian D. Long:	Date of service: Aug. 4, 2008…
@JodyRidpath Yes.
RT @titonka: UPDATE: there will be 121 women in the next congress, and maybe more. https://t.co/ClUjtyDmgj		THAT IS A RECORD. And yet: it b…
RT @Robillard: Not a single candidate endorsed by Justice Democrats or Our Revolution flipped a House seat on Tuesday night, per @aseitzwal…
@bballbreakdown @braxtonryn @MattNegrin That’s so funny, I really enjoy your breakdown clips.
RT @blakehounshell: In days of yore, tweeting out a doctored video cribbed from Infowars would be resignation territory for a White House p…
RT @W7VOA: "We have no idea what the motive was at this point," says @VENTURASHERIFF Geoff Dean.
RT @W7VOA: Ventura County Sheriff Geoff Dean says 28 year-old suspect, a @USMC veteran, used a legally purchased Glock handgun that had bee…
This tight GOP seat in Maine is going to be decided through ranked voting. Voters were allowed to rank candidates 1, 2, 3. Since neither GOP or Dem got a majority on 1st preferences, the 2nd preferences of the independent candidates will be allocated until somebody is over 50%. https://t.co/KoJr6Sudjq
RT @mattdpearce: “Some witnesses said the bar is a hub for country music fans. ... Some were survivors of the massacre at the Route 91 Harv…
@BenjySarlin @AsteadWesley @NickRiccardi Extremely unscientific sample, but that's what I heard from a bunch of Trump/Casey/Wolf voters in Cambria County, Pennsylvania - "never loved him, hated Hillary, wouldn't vote for him again."
Pelosi's Democrats took a long time to ratify Bush trade agreements with South Korea, Panama and Colombia -- more than four years, and only after Obama took office and renegotiated parts of the deals. https://t.co/YSVcM9vwaU
Canada's ambassador to the U.S. says he's "not particularly worried" that the new Democratic House majority will try to prevent ratification of Trump's USMCA, saying they may not be big free-traders but can see this is a good agreement: https://t.co/AGF4p20G0t
@braxtonryn @MattNegrin I maybe do type fast but I also rewind the live stream to make sure I have the longer quotes right. Then I fast-forward the feed to get back to real time.
@MattNegrin Hahaha thank you Matt. (It will never happen because I don't have a WH press pass)
Even by the standards of their serial-lying selves, this is bad stuff. https://t.co/uZag1rXO7T
RT @vplus: Justice Ginsburg fell in her office at the Court last evening. She went home, but after experiencing discomfort overnight, went…
Here's Trump's public schedule for today. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/my1NO2jU0g
McBath managed to win in Republican Georgia territory as a vocal gun control activist. Ossoff had tried his best to avoid the issue.
Wild flip for Democrats in the Atlanta suburbs. McBath, a black woman who entered public life after her son was murdered by a white man, has won Newt Gingrich’s former seat, which has been Republican since 1979 and where Jon Ossoff lost last year’s special election. https://t.co/J77iakyNKv
RT @MSNBC: LATEST: https://t.co/07HNLjkSgx 		• 12 people, including a sheriff's sergeant, killed in mass shooting at California bar, police…
RT @Jim_Brunner: Breaking: @DinoRossiWA has conceded WA08 race in a statement. "While this race did not end in the way you or I would have…
RT @yashar: In 2014, the new acting AG Matt Whitaker said he would only support federal judges who hold a biblical view of justice. 		https…
RT @ForecasterEnten: To butcher a quote from Newt Gingrich after 1994, if this isn't a wave, I'd like to know what a wave is. This is this…
AP says a Democrat has flipped a House district in which her opponent made a victory speech 21 hours ago after media outlets called it for her: https://t.co/335BxBnc5N
RT @jonswaine: And here is future United States Attorney General Matthew Whitaker promoting advances in hot tub design for scammers World P…
RT @HeidiPrzybyla: Following WH meeting today:	DAG Rod Rosenstein has canceled a speech scheduled for Thursday in San Francisco, the Aspen…
NYT: "Whitaker first came to the attention of Mr. Trump because he liked watching Mr. Whitaker express skepticism about aspects of Mr. Mueller’s investigation on television." He was hired as Sessions's COS very shortly after this public Mueller criticism. https://t.co/a4RUZ2nqhx
The Whitaker-Clovis journey: both lost Iowa GOP primary; Whitaker chaired Clovis's Treasurer race; Clovis lost again; Clovis became co-chair of Trump's campaign, unqualified USDA pick, Mueller witness; Whitaker criticized Mueller, got hired at DOJ, became attorney general.
RT @MattFriedmanNJ: Andy Kim just declared victory in #NJ3. If that becomes official, he’ll have unseated Tom MacArthur, who revived the ul…
RT @DKElections: Holy smokes. Dem Xochitl Torres Small has taken the lead in #NM02! https://t.co/uShXF1vKZM
I know they were a few weeks ago, but here are some lessons from the midterm elections: https://t.co/HYBnAP0P02
RT @Acosta: I’ve just been denied entrance to the WH. Secret Service just informed me I cannot enter the WH grounds for my 8pm hit
RT @SteveKopack: Breaking — @PressSec says @Acosta’s White House pass is suspended after today’s press conference https://t.co/NTbjTz6JKO
RT @Taniel: Democrats have gained a trifecta in Maine. They picked-up the governorship, AND flipped the state Senate; they already had the…
Sessions runs, Trump holds five rallies for Doug Jones, Democrats win https://t.co/AhNbpQnwx2
RT @annehelen: Total Texas Voter Turnout in 2018, according to the Secretary of State: 52.8% (!!!!)		In 2016, for the presidential election…
RT @chrisgeidner: We have our first statement from the new acting AG, with a nod to Sessions. https://t.co/5dpiGSxxef
https://t.co/yGF0mfCCfx
From the official transcript, here are the three times today Trump claimed he didn't understand a reporter with an accent. He stopped two to ask where they were from. https://t.co/EqkiTT6mbx
@KimBreezy For sure. I should have said I was talking about the federal House.
RT @mateagold: Mark Whitaker, who as acting attorney general is now overseeing the Mueller probe, is close to Sam Clovis -- a witness in th…
@edmondguidry Excellent points of course. I should have specified I was talking about congressional hopes.
Yeah, this NC election was being run with a bad Republican-drawn map that has been ruled unconstitutional. But Dems still hoped to get something. https://t.co/53hMdGP55k
Democrats pick up nothing in North Carolina. This one was close. https://t.co/0odLg0c1z5
Updated: Trump fires Sessions and appoints a public critic of the Mueller investigation, significantly increasing the chances Mueller will be either fired or reined in: https://t.co/WJQxcHrrsO
RT @chrisgeidner: Trump's Acting Attorney General Was Part of Miami-Based Invention Scam Company —&gt;  https://t.co/DiPPV7YWBu https://t.co/5…
RT @jamiedupree: AP declares Republican Jim Hagedorn the winner in Minnesota 1 - that's a GOP pick up in the House
RT @ACLU: Jeff Sessions was the worst attorney general in modern American history. Period.		But the dismissal of the nation’s top law enfor…
RT @KenDilanianNBC: Whaddaya know: Mark Whitaker, now in charge of the Mueller investigation, chaired the 2014 campaign of Sam Clovis, a gr…
Some more Whitaker criticism of the Mueller team, this one based on a Fox News report that cited an anonymous source. https://t.co/p3yCn0VXn5
RT @PaulBlu: The attorney general (acting) https://t.co/J0P578zbvT
RT @AaronBlake: Matt Whitaker last year on Trump Tower meeting: 		“You would always take the meeting."		https://t.co/T0aR8XvVmk
RT @SteveKornacki: This could potentially give Dems 4 pick-ups out of New Jersey’s 5 GOP-held seats https://t.co/crKLff9PKu
RT @JProskowGlobal: CNN: Sessions Fired	MSNBC: Sessions Fired	FOX: Sessions Resigns
@Mantrabus I spent a couple days there so I figured I might as well give you every piece of info i know
@carson_karina Hmm - the Find Your House Member page puts the library in the 25th, near the edge: https://t.co/wqePQ6pp7Q
RT @RepAdamSchiff: President Trump just removed Jeff Sessions. He wants an Attorney General to serve his interest, not the public.		Mueller…
California flip: a 31-year-old bisexual moderate Democratic woman who ran an agency for the homeless has defeated a conservative veteran and former cop in the district where the Reagan Library is located, held by the GOP since 1993: https://t.co/gM7v8UYYxg
RT @RepTedDeutch: The clock is ticking on House chairs handing their gavels over to Democrats. It’s clear that AG Sessions resignation is t…
Fourteen months ago, the man now in charge of the Mueller investigation tweeted out an article exploring the process by which Trump could fire Mueller. "Worth a read," he said. It got two Likes. https://t.co/XEHHVBn8I9
Yes. There’s lots Whitaker could do to impede Mueller without firing Mueller. https://t.co/ICuNrrLTNi
RT @mkraju: Schumer: “Given his previous comments advocating defunding and imposing limitations on the Mueller investigation, Mr. Whitaker…
@tom_forsyth No no, thank you! Got it fixed
Federal reg says the AG "may remove a Special Counsel for misconduct, dereliction of duty, incapacity, conflict of interest, or for other good cause, including violation of Departmental policies.“ Trump has tried to make a case that Mueller has conflicts. https://t.co/Fy0OSpOdoA
RT @JesseLehrich: this is the acting AG now overseeing the Mueller probe. https://t.co/kBIHEhpiXU
From a strictly personal perspective it's really gratifying how much of my pre-written Trump Guy Fired/Trump Guy Resigns copy I've gotten to use https://t.co/B4E9Av8uYc
My story on Trump ousting Sessions -- what it means for the Mueller probe, why Trump was so angry, and what Sessions accomplished in his eventful, controversial, hard-right tenure: https://t.co/WJQxcHrrsO
Good catch by @AaronBlake : Whitaker, appearing on TV last year, mused about a situation in which the "attorney general doesn’t fire Bob Mueller, but he just reduces his budget to so low that his investigation grinds to almost a halt.” https://t.co/5GRn5OFOEp
The emphasis of Whitaker's CNN article, in which he argued that Rosenstein should order Mueller to limit the scope of the investigation, was Trump's financial affairs and those of Trump's family. Whitaker argued that those should be off limits.
Sessions was widely seen as one of Trump's most effective appointees, executing Trumpish hard-line policy on immigration and criminal justice. Trump's fury was overwhelmingly about the Russia investigation, for which he blamed Sessions's recusal.
There's some uncertainty about this for the moment, but Steve knows things: https://t.co/RQ2bkrT94y
Whitaker, who will likely now be in charge of the Mueller investigation, was hired by Sessions a month after he published this CNN op-ed criticizing Mueller and saying the probe should be curtailed.
VERY important: Sessions's temporary replacement, Matthew Whitaker, is a GOP partisan who wrote a CNN op-ed last year saying the Mueller investigation was going too far and that Rosenstein should order Mueller to limit it: https://t.co/zZDZUsp20o
RT @eorden: Sessions: 		"Dear Mr. President,		At your request, I am submitting my resignation." https://t.co/DwRXh5joPF
RT @rebeccaballhaus: NEWS: Attorney General Jeff Sessions has resigned at Trump’s request.  https://t.co/SRRFXcoqAh
Sessions is out. Rosenstein had been supervising the Mueller investigation because of Sessions' recusal. Not anymore. https://t.co/lx6aQ3nV8x
RT @snolen: México’s @reforma with handy labels for new US elected officials: the Latina; the gay guy; the racist https://t.co/UV5MYDAZIv
RT @LisaDNews: AGAIN GAH. NOW: The divide is glaring.		CNN Headline: Trump shames Republicans who lost		FOX Headline: Trump preaches bipart…
RT @brahmresnik: UPDATE Add 40,000 uncounted ballots in Pinal County, suburban/rural county bordering Maricopa County, per @Garrett_Archer.…
This was probably a bit tighter than the conventional wisdom suggested, but a Democratic hold in a state where Trump won by 21 points and went very hard at the Dem incumbent. https://t.co/L0vAmWZRtr
RT @ddiamond: In her press conference, Nancy Pelosi reiterates her message: “[Democrats] won because … we focused on health care.” https://…
RT @danpfeiffer: It's worth noting that Trump campaigned for Rosedale, Heller, Laxalt, Walker, Rennaci, Barletta, and Leah Vukmir.		All los…
RT @costareports: a new term today from McConnell, when talking about scrutiny of President Trump by congressional Democrats: "presidential…
RT @ec_schneider: Retiring member of Congress from a suburban district that turned blue last night &gt;&gt; https://t.co/oTZa7UiXvm
The president today told *three* reporters with accents that he could not understand them. One Japanese, one Lebanese, one I'm not certain.
This reminds me of when Doug Ford told me a protester was racist. He explained that angry opposition to Fords was racist, because you can be racist against anyone -- fat people, alcoholics, "You can be racist against people that eat little red apples." 	https://t.co/y8oOrlRLDo
Trump has left the room.
Asked how he can improve the tone in the country, Trump says, "It begins with the media." He adds that the media used to be called "the press."
Trump says, "I was very well-received by this great country." He keeps talking over a female reporter's question about female voters.
Trump on Heitkamp: "They said Heidi could not be beaten." Nobody credible said that, everybody knew she was very vulnerable.
Asked if he thinks right-wing white extremism is a problem, Trump says he does. He adds that he believes all extremism is a problem, but also that kind.
Trump again: "Midterm elections are disasters for sitting presidents...this has been an incredibly successful...you look at the races." Asked about suburban female voters, he talks over the question.
Trump asked if he'll indeed sign an exec order trying to revoke birthright citizenship: "We are looking at it very seriously." He won't say yes, though this was a promise he made.
Trump: "I'm the one that really likes free speech. A lot of people don't understand that."
Asked about reports of voter access issues in Georgia and elsewhere, Trump responds, You think that's why the (Democratic) candidates lost?
Trump, asked a clear question from an accented Lebanese reporter, again asks for clarification, mutters that he can't understand the man.
(Here is the Lil Jon story. https://t.co/qv6PsKqI2b)
Trump says it's "false" that he used racist language about Black people, as Michael Cohen and...Lil Jon...said. 		Trump: "I don't know who Lil Jon is." 	Reporter: "He was on The Apprentice."	Trump: Oh okay.
Trump says he doesn't know if he would have preferred narrowly winning the House, even though he likes winning: "Would I have preferred winning by two or three or four? I would almost have to think about that."
Asked about race-related criticism of his self-description as a nationalist, Trump says three times, "That's such a racist question." That makes no sense.
Trump just says stuff to get himself through the given moment. Asked why he said earlier in this press conference that he can't work with Democrats if they investigate him, why he can't do both at once, Trump says he can absolutely do both at once.
Trump complains about the press conference: "I come in here as a nice person and I have people jumping out of their seats screaming questions at me."
Trump says his endorsement of Pelosi's speakership was not "sarcastic": "I think she deserves it...she's a very capable person...I really believe she deserves that position." (At every campaign rally, he warned that a Pelosi speakership would mean an American apocalypse.)
Trump: "I think I am a great moral leader."
Trump falsely claims that his tariffs on China are "taxes that China is paying for us." Americans who are importing Chinese products are paying the taxes.
Asked about healing the divides in the country, Trump touts the strong economy, boasts that China's economy is struggling. (It might be time to take a break from asking him this question over and over.)
Asked about the rise in antisemitic incidents and other hate crimes, and asked why he thinks it's happening, Trump says, "It's very sad to see it. I hate to see it." He touts Israeli PM Netanyahu's praise of him, then boasts about how he moved the embassy to Jerusalem.
Asked by Canadian reporter if he's repaired his relationship with Trudeau, Trump says, "Yes I have. We have a very good relationship."
Trump touts his progress with North Korea, complains about the media coverage, and it is a rally again except in a softer voice.
Trump to a Japanese reporter: "Where are you from?"	Reporter: "Japan."	Trump: "Say hello to Shinzo."	Reporter, startled: "Yes."	Trump: He probably enjoys the threat of tariffs on his cars.	Reporter, who has accent: (Continues asking question)	Trump: I don't understand you.
Reminded he said that he maybe regretted his harsh tone, Trump: "I'd be very good at a low tone. But when things are done not correctly about you...you have to defend yourself." He says he would be "honoured" if he had a "modest" or "even boring" tone, but has to fight.
Trump is asked by a religious reporter what kind of factor God plays in his life. He says, "God plays a big factor in my life."
Asked which loss last night surprised him most, Trump says, "Nothing surprises me in politics. But there were some losses last night...and victories that were incredible."
Trump: The media is "a very divisive thing for our country"; "it really does bring disunity."
Trump says that things could get better with the media if the media was better to him. https://t.co/YxAgaJ5JmC
Reminded that people have died during this campaign, and asked if he could lower the temperature and make peace with the media, Trump says, "I would love to see unity and peace and love...we had to wait 'til after the midterms were over."