You don't have to steal the overtime of your employees to get rich overnight. It's not a good tactic. Alright?
We have 1000 different legit ways for people to work hard and make money and people don't have to steal or embezzle to get rich. Alright?
"Option X 2020" is becoming one of the most popular and most powerful money making tools in the world and may cost 25 million dollars or more to purchase in the future. Alright? https://t.co/o9a47FIvac
Follow me on Twitter! https://t.co/YMwY9NnXaS
I am telling you, if you take this business seriously, you are going to make money big time.
I have learned to work in rain, sun and snow. Nothing can stop me from getting to my work site on time other than traffic accidents  or jams when I have appointment.
The New Money Making Tool, Option X 2020,  that I have created will be sold for up 25 million dollars once this concurrent market is strong and steady with an upward curve.
It is also true that true market warriors don't want to  back down when it comes to building a sustainable market economy.
Part of my success comes early on with my dad's construction and furniture manufacturing company. His business allowed me to gain valuable business development skills early on in life hands on.
I don't know how much longer I have to live. But I know that I want to enjoy my life while I can and help others do the same. I want to help you and teach you how to make money with this business opportunity. Mr.... https://t.co/rnpSX8Wzqs
How many of you want to do things that I do, have  as much fun as I do, lay down by beach and know that your bank account is getting bigger? If you are of those, then Option X 2020 is for you. https://t.co/DgNOzA8YJw
How many of you want to change your life for the better and join the rank of the millionaires and billionaires to live a better life where you can experience true freedom? https://t.co/SLmvd95wIO
With as little as 10,000 dollars, you can start Option X 2020 and have your very own business and and start making money right away by putting the work to it. It's that simple.
Always remember that, I would do you wrong if I had to hand you money in any form whatsoever. But I bring to you an opportunity to make an effort to make money for yourself with Option X 2020. I could hand you 50... https://t.co/0i24xbdlA4
I don't know for anyone else but as for myself, I don't like people handing me things. It kills one's instinct to do things for ourselves. I have worked hard for every penny that comes into my pocket and so should you!
I am an action man and I like to be in the heart of the action to make it happen, not watch it happen. Nothing good comes without having to work hard for it and good stuffs are never free.
Many fun places for children in 'Central Florida. https://t.co/GGL6ndNhTH
Help us promote great called in America and abroad! https://t.co/iovazJlypy
I am building a strong stock that can be traded on major exchanges in the near future to make me money, pay taxes to uncle Sam and pay interests, principals and dividends when they come due.
Option X 2020 is the real deal. Alright? You get to make money even when you are asleep and it is all legit money, clean money. It's not drug money or dirty money. Alright?
My success comes from my desire to never settle for less when I can be more.
When you want to succeed in whatever you want to do in your life, you develop a warrior mindset and do whatever it takes to get to where you want to be.
Good things take hard work and effort to come by. Good things don't just happen, we make them happen unless it is a miracle.
I have always learn to be actively moving forward and be content by enjoying the path to success.
No one is going to do for you what you are supposed to do to claim your success. It is all on your own shoulder to do the things that must be done to get what you desire.
When you want to be a success, you must develop a routine in your life to know what you want and that you are going to do what it takes to get to where you want to.
When we launched that multimillionaire company back when I was 16, the market was not as strong as it is today. Our distributing skills built a profitable venture.
My whole life has been devoted to making things happens every day and making money every day.
I have put several people in business in the state of Florida and are currently profitable ventures to take care of their families and be a success.
At the of 16, my brother and I, started trading with Chinese companies. So China has already been a good business partner to our venture.
When I was 17, both my brother and I were already millionaires. My Father was a millionaire builder and furniture manufacturer on his own. So we started our very own business.
At the early age of 8, I started a professional music and theatre career, at 13, I joined a martial arts dojo to earn my black belt, at 16, my brother and I started a multi millionaire distribution company.
I have personally learned to develop 13 sources of income generation to keep my firm profitable so I don't have to worry about my bills. Normally, 7 sources will do the trick.
Today I am very excited about a brand new product that I have on the table: Option X 2020. This product is actually  a business opportunity that you can work a make money to reach your financial freedom.
Besides working hard every day, we strive to create excitement in your life by every little mean we can, as you know that life is way too short to let negative energies drain us down.
When you come to Orlando, Vegas, Hollywood, New York, I want you to forget about home and start getting on fire to get excited and have fun.
Hello America and Hello World! How is everyone today? Is everybody wild yet?
Law enforcement should always crack down on drug trafficking and unlicensed cannabis dispensaries. That's a must.
When you get this business down packed, you will not want to work a day in the clock any longer and will want to fire your boss altogether. Alright?
My team and I are highly educated, well versed and  know the markets very well and we'll show you how to work this business and make money for the rest of your life.
Obviously, it takes money to make money. Right? Some packages are more lucrative than others but you must choose what you can afford for the moment and get on with this business successfully.
When you are ready to be introduced to this wonderful program, make sure you have between $100 to $900 to choose the package that is best for you.
Option X is not here today and gone tomorrow. It's going to be around forever. So get on as early as to reap the full benefits of such a great service. Alright?
When you want to be a success, you need to start aligning yourself with people who can build you up to break the barriers to get to the next level.
Everyday single day offers unlimited new opportunities to change things around and create a better future for oneself by engaging in the right type of venture and keep doing it day after day to get results.
With "Option X 2020", I will give you the opportunity to own your own business and make a fortune and join the rank of millionaires and billionaires.
Show your interest by following my posts and leave your email address if you want to start making as soon as possible. Get that side business that you always wanted to money on the side.
We are living in a time where many parts of the  economy is booming and becoming the best. It's the right time to  make money in the economy and build a strong portfolio for yourself to secure you future.
Do you want to let people who had no belief in you whatsoever prevent you from achieving your dream of becoming financially free? Or do you want to join me in a movement to chance your life for the best?
Your new year's resolution is to figure out where you want to be 5, 10 years from now. Do you want to be struggling to make ends meet every month year without a out?
I need some of the best team leaders to join my sales team and compete with the top Wall Street companies and become the very best on the market.
We have 24 hours in a day and 7 days in a week and sometimes we feel that time in never on our side. So time management is very important to people like myself.
When one is awakened to the realities of life, it becomes a lot more prevalent and easier to beat the odds of failure by being aware of one's surrounding and the happenings.
When one thinks positively, one is more like to beat the negative energies that surround us and turn that bad energy system  into a positive vibe. Remember, -+- = a greater negative number and -*-=+
How do you want to beat the gravitational force if you are moving in the same direction as such a force. One must learn to move in the opposite direction of the resisting current. Alright?
With " Option X 2020",  we can boost the global economy to create my market share where you can eat big too.
When people say that you would never amount to anything in your life, use that negative energy to prove them that you have what it takes to be somebody, a useful being.
See, I am trying really hard to qualify the unqualified to be able to invest in my ventures and distribute riches and my wealth to them.
"Option X 2020" is on the table to help those that are quite ready to invest in my company by making them become millionaires if they are not already one to qualify them. Alright?
I am a market maker and what we do as market markets, we set the stage up to help get rich money wise by getting access to the capital and the resources, the vehicle that they need to be successful every day.
When you are going to come to my road show, think of it as if you are stepping at Wall Street for a corporate position or Hollywood for your favorite acting job.
Sometimes it takes a while before we can finally take a break from making payment and get rid of school loans. That's why we have to work our butt off every day to make money to pay them bills and try to please yours boss so he can like you.
Some of us graduated college with over 150 thousands of loans and such loan must get paid back unless the government bails you out. Alright?
FYI: I still have up to 350 billion dollars worth of bonds on the table to offer those who  make 250 thousands dollars or more per year. Alright?
Now, if you want a side gig to make money on the side while you are in college or something or something to do full-time to fire your boss for ever, you need this service. Alright? https://t.co/rjGNjIJ7N2
Now, if you need a side gig to make money, something you can do on the side or something you may want to do full-time in the future and fire your boss, this is the service you need. https://t.co/olzAS58EP8
When someone comes in front me with a bunch of "charabia", I feel like kicking your butt all the way up to heaven. Alright?
A lot of people never can't understand why I can't smile when I see them. It's not that I hate you or something. My mind is constantly preoccupied with getting another buck.
As a market maker, I am a big "shot dog" and it does take an awful lot of money to begin to see me smile.
I know a guy who started a burger stand and generates several millions dollars every year. Alright?
FYI: If you want to come to America and start your own business, I can help you start one business if you have a little bit over 1 million dollar at least.
In America, we live in a high performance base system and we are constantly preoccupied with improving shits and that's why we are scientists.
It's not necessarily the case that we must  a competitive spirit but one must like to do a good damn job that you can be proud of and stand the fuck out of the crowd.
When I used to live with my first two boys. I used to tell them that, you have to strive the best in your game, try to the best in everything that you do.
One must learn to develop a forward thinking attitude to land you on the path to success.
When you want to stand out from Crowd, you must stay away from the losers and put your shoulder up with the winners, those who want to move and look forward.
I don't care where you live on the planet, there rules are not much different in any other part of the world. Those who want to stand out from the crowd be must learn to play their game right.
I live in America, a Country where people live with big dreams. Some dreams come true and some don't but if you believe in your dream, work your ass up to the ladder, you can't help but be a success.
Tell you what? It's worth every little bit of it. If you shoot for the stars and land on the moon. Guess what? You are better off than 90 percent of all Americans.
When you want to stand out from the crowd and become your own boss, build your own small business, build momentum and keep up with the games of Wall Street, you are in for a good fight.
How many of you think that being an entrepreneur is an easy task? Well, just try to be one. It takes hard work to make money in the real world. It's not fucking like college or the University.
See, the good thing about life is that there is always room to improve one's life and build momentum in one's life to face challenges that life throw at you.
I build new skills every "fucking" day. I started singing professionally at the early age of 8. I joined a martial art class at 13 to win my black belt. I spend a lot of money to acquire education every day and I am still learning.
To be worth money, there are things one must do; one must have skills, talents that I  business men and women can use to make money. If you don't already have, build them. Alright?
When you want to stand out from the crowd, you must do things differently to reap the benefit of hard work and be worth money.
I am the type of guy who will the extra mile to keep my customers no matter what to ensure my bottom line remains steady and growing.
I am spending millions and millions of dollars to attract customers, fans, followers on Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and many other places. I don't' like to lose my customers.
Whether a man is a burger master, toast master, mechanical master, any product master, one must know that without customers, there is simply no business.
All masters have learned to master and teach everyone the concept of treating people with dignity and respect at every level of life.
Why do I treat everyone in my family like kings and queens? Because we only extend what we have been doing in our home to the work place whether we want it or not.
One thing I have already mastered early on in life is to know who my customers are: My first customers are my kids, my wife and families, my first kings and queens
I don't have to be psychic either to know when you treat your customers right or wrong.
I don't have to get into your store, your house, your hospital, your pharmacy, your restaurant, to know how you treat your customers.
Treatment is everything when it comes to good business practices. How are you going to get repeat business if you treat your customers poorly.
In my companies and my ventures, as long as you pay for your services and products, you are kings and queens. Your skin color won't matter.
All my ventures are EOEs and there is obviously no room to  condone discrimination of any time. It's cool to receive services in a company where everyone is treated equally.
I am a market marker, billionaire VC with a  deep pocket who can make things happen. Now, do you want to join the rank of millionaires and billionaires?
When I hit the ballroom and the road shows, I know that most of you are going to come ready for success with a positive attitude to enjoy the moment and build wealth.
I love to see people spend and make money in company. I really, really do. I need people who want to take ownership in "Option X 2020" and become a winner  at this thing.
Today, I am building a Trillionaire market  share and I want you to partake in this great venture with me and my team.
I spend a lot of time and effort every day so I can find  how to bring you only great money making sources that you can count on and that I will work for you if you do the work.
I spend tones of money into buying great books and money articles to do researches to come up with a great service derived from cracking millionaires and billionaires codes.
I have proposed to you only legit and viable ways to make money without having to worry about being fooled by scam artists, con men and affinity marketers on the net.
You want to extra money in your pocket to do more things and have more fun. Well, the answer is "Option X 2020" that I have fully developed for those who want to find a sure and legit path to get wealthy and get rich.
"Option X 2020" comes in 5 different packages of $99, $399, $599, $799,  and $999. You choose the service that is right for you so you can build your own money source on your own time.
If you want to know more about "Option X 2020 business service" as money making tool, contact me right here on Twitter or send me an email at staffingconsultings@gmail.com to get more information and how you can work this business.
With "Option X 2020", you set your own schedule, how much time you want to work and how much money you want to make. You write your own paycheck by being your own boss.
You need to have a little extra time to play with your kids, play golf, go to movies, to go concerts, to the beach by making your own schedule. You can do this "Option X 2020".
"Option X 2020" is a service that I have developed for those who already have a job and want money on the side with the possibility of turning it into a full time gig to create your financial freedom.
If you want a magic stick to make you money, you might want to look elsewhere for such a thing that does not exist anywhere. So why wasting your time looking for things that are not there?
"Option X 2020" is easy and simple to work as long as you want to put in the effort and get the work done, you are going to make a killing.
With "Option X 2020", if your are willing to talk to people and close simple deals, you are hired.
If you want an easy way to make money without touching a thing, this might not be what you are looking for.
I like those who want to work hard and earn their money with dignity. Alright?
Who does not like the sound of making money? Good, clean money that can legally go into your bank account.
With "Option X 2020", I will give you the opportunity to make money with the possibility of building your own business.
With $25,000, you can own a bond certificate of my company with a 10% APR for a 30-Year period. Contact me at staffingconsultings@gmail.com for more details.
lol
It's not a surprise that Many Americans don't even know what the National Anthem is. What would they understand about a MAGA hat?
Inbox me here to register and get more details on how to get started. This 2019, if you ad some more money to your income, I wash my hands. https://t.co/sgifnve2Ru
If you don't have anything serious to say or a question to ask that has to do with what I am talking about, don't comment under my posts. They will be deleted. Thank you!
What does my company do: My company invests in real estate, energy generation and distribution, high tech, pharmaceuticals, we offer bookkeeping &amp; Payroll, wealth and asset management, inventory management,  Marketing services for other businesses.
I come on Twitter to build a strong customers, fans and business partners base so we can do business globally. No time to play around on things that don't make us money. We are all about sales out here. Alright?
Every day when one wakes up in the morning, one ought to ask oneself  this question: What can I do today to make my life better off?  My bills are pilling up and I feel  inadequate in my relationship, because my job is not paying me enough...
You can MAKE MONEY with my company two ways for now: Investing in my bonds, buying "Options X 2020" Service business opportunity. Alright?
Be strong everyone and stand up for your strength no matter what.
How many of you love China and I will love to do business with the Chinese people as Trump and the US government are working hard to set the stage for good business down there. I give President Trump an A+ on this project. https://t.co/FWF1yqG1N6
https://t.co/9BplmT1aSl
We IPO products, bond products, Option X 2020, beauty pageant, movie, sightseeing tours, movie, music and accessory products for you, family and friends. https://t.co/xlMpvcp5Fx
This is not get rich quick without putting the effort kind of thing. You are going to need to put in the effort and reap the benefits and it is easier than you think: Hard work made easy and simple. https://t.co/9ljTzZtmtt
Become a real success by doing something that you always wanted to do: build your dream life style one day at a time. https://t.co/75CCFn2KFZ
Global entrepreneurship is not for everyone but if you have what it takes to win in the global market arena, welcome and become a great global market professional. https://t.co/jmNZWWRbIH
I have enough capacity to run my own firm and my team is made up of great key team members who can help me make things happen everywhere in the world. https://t.co/ysZOmSIVIq
Soon, we are going to Washington DC and join the lobbying game to fight for a strong market share and help President Trump a global sustainable market. https://t.co/5XpXWdiH28
I have a great firm with lovely and hard working people who are trying to make it happen every day out here I need to hire more talents to join my network of market making professionals. https://t.co/fuZY49rU70
I have been trying to make you money with product but I have been busy building my empire company. https://t.co/4i8DJqkLir
I have devoted my entire firm into helping people, hard working executives, managers into creating the lifestyle they so desire: Making money while you sleep and never be broke again. https://t.co/DTNNYjyFnH
If you did not learn from savvy millionaires and billionaires, you don't know shit. https://t.co/syaKBVqlVL
Most of my investing tips I have learned from some of our great contemporary save thinkers and writers and billionaires. https://t.co/G0FaodyqTW
Believe it or I also have mentors: Great masters is what they call these guys and some of them I have never met but they will us their notes in the form of books. I am fascinated by well written writings. https://t.co/Wqq05VjgI5
There are a few people that I have met and I will never forget the impact they made in my life. https://t.co/3dBoSuvF7z
Make money with " Option X 2020". Stay tuned!
Having passion driven people who can take ownership and responsibility are everything I look for in prospective candidates.
I have liked always like the scholar that had the most esteem and ethics for his teaching and does it with passion.
I have met a great University Professor who made a huge difference in my life and I always liked at least one great scholar.
With "Option X 2020", you will have great commissions and bonuses plus residual income for the rest of your life.
My very simple function on the planet is to help people have fun. That's it.
When you join my team, I will not be able to smile until I see the sales. Alright?
How do you become money aware? Flush the toilet, switch the light on, keep your key in the ignition. Every move you make, you are spending money. Alright?
I am millions  percent sales driven. No sales, no money, no honey. Alright?
Uncle Sam does not like to play when it comes to money either and everybody around me knows it. We can have much fun after we get the sales. Alright?
If you don't want to work your butt off, put in the effort it takes to try to earn your money, I have no time for you. I am Sorry. Uncle Sam will need his taxes when they come due. Ight?
I wanted to play  games, I would sit my butt at home every day and play Nintendo, wiwi and I watch all the sports I love. Alright
If someone wants to play games, please  do me a favor, don't come around me because I may take offense and I don't like ugly.
I am in the business of creating fun places for every age group in the world to come and have a great and happy time. That is a huge responsibility and I can't take that lightly.
https://t.co/8BG1cM7hKO
https://t.co/s3DuYymMQq
https://t.co/ZphNxa99hK
https://t.co/nCZvUgqeVJ
https://t.co/VOJyo05prL
https://t.co/shwAR02e2O
Money Talks, Charles Walks. That's what is happening at Wall Street today. We did not go college and university to sit around, itch and smell. Alright?
When you come down to my office trying to join my team, we don't have time to play game with you, we are all about business and we mean it 100 %. I mean really...
The moment you step out of your house/apartment building, you are spending money. When you meet me, you must be willing to work and earn money.
When I go to the ballroom during our shows, let me see you have good numbers on the board and I will know that you worked your butt off to make money. Alright?
When you take a position of sales manager in my company and you put numbers on the board, you become valuable by taking care of your down lines, you get great bonuses.
When you come for me, your priority is to make sales and meet quotas to get great bonuses, vacations, cruises and life is fun like that.
I like butt kicking millionaires who don't want to fuck our sales. They need to fuck women but not my sales. My market is going to be as strong as a rock.
I am going to create some bad ass millionaires in America it is not a joke at all. It's the real deal.
Sales make the market and that's all that matters. If you can't put numbers on the board, you are no use to me.
Each quarter sales are bad, we have a meeting but we don't take the time to find we can improve and make better and see where we fall short and how we can do things better.
When we wake up in the morning, the last thing we want to think about is that  the sales are so low and we wonder how we are going to pay our employees and pay our fixed costs.
When we wake up in the morning breathing fresh air, the last thing we want to think about is that we don't have enough money to pay for the car or the mortgage as the bills are in the box.
I have business partners and viable connections in over 100 Countries around the world as we speak and it keeps getting better every day.
Most people around me are doctors, sociologists, lawyers, artists, scientists and professionals who want to bring you great products of value every day so you can live a healthier and wealthier life.
Every day I am trying to figure out how to put money into your pocket in a way that brings you closer to me and my network of financial freedom. Alright?
I have bonds for sale, a business opportunity for you to make money, besides all the other services that I am providing through my company.
When you stand by any of the things that I am doing, you stand by great opportunities. Vote for Opportunity ever time you have a chance to do so!
I have developed a new program to help people make money and earn extra cash as you please. You can work either part-time or full-time and by determining how much money you want to earn.
Sometimes you get up to go work and you feel anxious but once you get work, everything is fun, you meet people and you are making money.
Mars Needs moms. lol
In America, it is Saturday and my time now is 1043 AM so you have an idea of where we are rocking it live from Charles Ville, home of the future world's greatest entertainment network.
Hello World! How is everyone in our neck of the woods? I hope that everyone is strong, healthy, eating good, exercising and stay fit for 2019 and beyond.
Book a tour with me "personally" to  see our "World Famous Wonders and World Class Attractions":  Sightseeing around Great Movie locations, car racings, zoos,dinner shows, casinos, helicopter rides, theme parks,... https://t.co/w8nomdEnde
Book a tour with me "personally" to  see our "World Famous Wonders and World Class Attractions":  Sightseeing around Great Movie locations, car racings, zoos,dinner shows, casinos, helicopter rides, theme parks,... https://t.co/OIbaViAgjO
Book a tour with me "personally" to  see our "World Famous Wonders and World Class Attractions":  Sightseeing around Great Movie locations, car racings, zoos,dinner shows, casinos, helicopter rides, theme parks,... https://t.co/8W7OVqoyhE
Become a member of  my Charlesville's Sapphire Club. Stay Positive and be Happy! Send email to staffingconsultings@gmail.com. https://t.co/oW2ekITyLy
https://t.co/nn9Thu6gGC
https://t.co/bSKFBulZc1
https://t.co/BYlqi5eOm8
https://t.co/dzCtPuSFkv
Putin and all Europe need to keep an eye on the terrorists in North Africa, Egypt, Sudan, Horn of Africa, Somalia, Ethiopia, Indian Ocean islands, Madagascar, Comoros, African Great Lakes, Rwanda, West Africa, Benin, Central Africa, Central African Republic, Southern Africa-Ight?
Tell these politicians to take the battle where it belongs and leave us alone so we can look for work to do in safe zones. Alright?
That's why I am putting this King Charley Movies Series together to teach young men and women how to get ready for wars every day.
Great men and women make peace through wars. Alright?
I would rather die with dignity in the middle of a battle than to live in shameful situations like a coward.
People who want to make the kind of money that I am dealing with are not afraid to engage in battles protect that. It is a pure fact. Alright?
lol
I need a lot of women to follow my pages as well. Bring me all the ladies. Alright?
I am in a network of turf people: Men and women who are not afraid to fight to keep their turf no matter what it takes and I like the sound of that.
The White House needs to get rid of sissi men from the highest living room of the US. We need men and women who are capable of fighting our wars in the White House. Yes I can.
https://t.co/5C5YmLk8SS
https://t.co/GYVRbqq0vY
https://t.co/JpN2hgc2SE
https://t.co/4k0N7ZVZVF
https://t.co/ssA1rXAAU7
The Lost Horizon https://t.co/evVJq4RY3L
https://t.co/ISfViBKA4n
https://t.co/cxxmaEFy3V
https://t.co/J7UnoNRQwL
https://t.co/V9ZY0CmeOr
https://t.co/w51kTK8hDq
https://t.co/VGvOJAOjJM
https://t.co/25N16p9GTJ
https://t.co/wmU8Pblw7u
https://t.co/2RN9U0Oycv
https://t.co/O6jmleOJwN
https://t.co/8U7UXEsuMA
https://t.co/1ov36MfOV4
https://t.co/2avnbCPGAt
https://t.co/btx0i7M0V1
Yes I can. Yes I can. Yes I can.
I have already created several millionaires and billionaires and they are well off right now. Alright?
Today, I can drive my favorite car and ride my favorite jet, my favorite boat and I owe no one a penny. Stick around and I will show how to make money and get rich by following proven principles.
I can drive my favorite car and ride my favorite jet, my favorite boat and I own no one a penny. Stick around and I will show how to make money and get rich by following proven principles.
Now, I can do whatever I have always dreamed of doing. I can go wherever I want, I can stay by the beach as long as I want because I can afford it and I have the money for it.
Send many people to follow my pages  and tell them "Jean-Esdrace Charles" has good things in his store for them to buy and spend money on.
You want to have extra money in your pocket so you can spend some time by beach, drink your favorite scotch every night, go to Las Vegas and fuck women you desire, you must learn how to make extra cash. Alright?
If you want to leave like I do, have as much fun and freedom as I do, you ought to learn some of my tactics to show you how to create some wealth one step at a time.
Stick around and I will show how to make money with us as we go.
My pages will geared toward the specific intention for you to come and buy something along side my positive blogs on particular topics. Alright?
If you are not buying something from me, there is no point of me coming on the web. I have many other things that I can do to busy my time and still feel fulfilled. Alright?
On my pages, you will find cool products, books, music, movies, club memberships, concert tickets, ways to  join our network and become a consistent buyer of our cool products and services as you make money.
As you know, nothing happens until something sells something. There is no market without sales of products and services. Alright?
As you buy products, and services from me, you will also learn how to make money with me as you go. Alright?
Look for ways to spend money on my products and services by buying, registering for events, subscribing to become a  club member or something. Alright?
I have a lot of cool services and products  for you this year 2019. Some of them are listed on my Facebook page and I want you to check them out and click on them.
Always stay positive!	The Lost Horizon https://t.co/1fPBWPrrHQ via @YouTube
Stay Strong!a https://t.co/evVJq4RY3L
"Jean-Esdrace Charles" has cool stuffs in the cooking for our global consumers, fans and followers from all around the world.
Hello New York city babe. Are you alive? Orlando City babe, are you wild as a beast yet? Keep on following me on here and tell your friends about me and my pages.
Have all your friends follow me on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram to start buying our cool products.
As of now, there is many ways you can spend money in company although we have technical issues to solve make things simple for all consumers and fans.
Good morning everyone. It's Jean-Esdrace Charles with you on this blog and I hope that you are always ready to have a good time. Alright?
In fact, most banks will not be able to give you anymore than 4 percent if you are lucky on a bond or a similar instrument. When buy my corporate bonds, you  get at 10 % APR on your money or we'll beat the market price.
Where do you see yourself 10,15, 20 years from now. How do you want your bank account to be?
My market share will be estimated at over 1 trillion dollars by 2030 and it will keep on increasing every year that passes by that the US government will need me to help reducing national debt.
When you hit 65 in America, if you did work hard enough, it is no longer time for you put hours on the  clock to make ends meet.
Everyone seeks to make more money now or make enough money to save for retirement. You deserve to have enough for retirement.
Soon, I will show everyone how to reap big money from my workshops, seminars and events by investing, working or just for being an affiliate of ours.
I come on Twitter almost every day and spend roughly about 30 minutes to an hour talking about what my company is about and what we are working on and what we expect to accomplish.
Building wealth is what everybody wants to achieve  no matter what market looks like but choosing to make money with the market leaders is important as well.
What's a better way to get rich today? Real Estate is one of the surest way as much as many other areas. I am investing Billions of dollars into both Real Estate and Energy development to create wealth myself and my investors.
Men like Buffet, as the real estate investing market King in the US, has a made a killing. I learn a lot from these guys from a distance every day before I became a real estate insider.
Real estate remains one of the best commodities to put money in today from building, flipping, buy to resale or to hold for commercial use, it is a very hot market in which I am investing money.
Creating a sustainable market Is everything when it comes to ensuring that Wall Street as a self-regulating free market environment is attractive for investors to put money in our bonds or stocks.
If I offer you a good performing 30 year bonds within my company, you know that you are buying a bond that will not perform under market value.
Many bond product issuing companies perform better than many stock issuing funds based on some statistics and the risk level is lower for investors.
Who risks nothing has nothing. Alright? No great business venture came to be without a good management that is willing to take well calculated risks to make business possible.
https://t.co/4Cu2aRzG1t
https://t.co/PJPMfIXHww
https://t.co/T96wUQx4Bt
https://t.co/ypGlJmAFEI
https://t.co/d1mogzDd4G
https://t.co/2AfwD6tVPD
https://t.co/ZZLwVHSeSL
Is a black history month  the result of a valid reasoning? Every day should be Black History Day. Every month is everybody month. We don't have a White History Month. Enjoy Black History Month.
https://t.co/kL9sWVOuru
I DON'T HAVE ONE SECOND TO TALK  TO A HUMAN BEING IF YOU CAN'T SPEND MONEY IN MY BUSINESS. ALRIGHT?
If you know you want to talk to me or email me, let it be 100 % about business. Either you want a service or you want to INVEST MONEY AND ACQUIRE MY BONDS.
My bonds are on the table for real serious investors. If you can identify me and  you don't have money to invest in my company, I don't need to talk to you.
https://t.co/opET4ceHrh
When I have an M16 on my back, an AK-47 within my grasp, two M1s on my side pockets, come stand in front me and talk your bullshits.
When it comes to building my business and my company, I will rage war on motherfuckers who want to stop me  until I kill them all. Who's got time to play when we have money on the line?
I like raccoons. When they want to take care of their kids, they fear no man. They walk up to men broad day light like true warriors and hunters.
I have 350 billion dollars in real estate and energy bonds to offer. That's all I am talking about for the next 30 years. Don't ever talk to me about your fucking god or your bullshits.
Money, money, money. That's what is needed out here. Not politics, not religion, not god, no bullshits. Alright?
https://t.co/qtBAizk5mZ
https://t.co/X2ochVaiYh
https://t.co/IljqlG0fel
https://t.co/ksKwg6Nlbr
https://t.co/iZQQSUqf4A
https://t.co/w0WN0ZEJK4
With only 25 grand, I issue you a bond certificate
If you want to send me an email, let it be about investing onto my projects. Staffingconsultings@gmail.com. I am also on Facebook and linkedin.
I keep my budget pretty reasonable at about 350 billions dollars just for real estate housing, energy development and that's pretty good for now.
I want to put several billion dollars in real estate housing, energy development, pharmaceutical researches to fuel global distributions.
I am a bonds man. Where ever you see " Jean-Esdrace Charles", he is selling bonds. A minimum of $25,000 gets you a certificate with at least 10% earning rate for 30 year..
When you go to sleep at 8 PM and become so annoyed to wake up at 2 Am and you day will not begin until 8 Am, you can be anxious if you don't look for something to do.
One thing I have learned in building a strong market that is sustainable is to build it on the values of patience &amp; consistency.
I am a son of excellence and have become a leader of excellence to build a market share of excellence as well and I want to build equity in everything.
Is America United? Is America United? Is America United for Greatness to unleash success in the lives of mankind?
Only satisfied customers come back for more and give us repeat business and make us a success.
We achieve market sustainability by building principles and policies of values to satisfy both employees and consumers while fattening our bottom line.
Do you believe simply making a lot money makes you a great business person?
Our greatness lies in our ability to positively impact people around us to do the right thing no matter how much wealth  we possess.
What type of success would I offer to you if I could not teach you how to be responsible about it?
Don't become a person of success unless you build it on values of greatness.
Greatness  much like freedom comes at a price and sometimes it is the result of great sacrifice.
Some people choose to fight against the very ones who fought to make them great.
https://t.co/JT9KpytRvj
If you want to see when I am joking, buy tickets to one my concerts, events as they come up in the near futures as we are trying to raise money to build Charles Ville.
My market share is only getting stronger, richer and wealthier every day.
I can't please everyone but if you want to make money, stick around.
I can't spend one second talking about bullshit that is not making me money. My brain is 1000 % geared toward raising and making money. Alright?
I don't have time to chat to people if it is not about making me money. I have many big money projects that need a lot of money to get off the ground.
Do the right thing by standing for yourself in every situation. Do the right by knowing where to put your money.
Just try to do the right thing, and that's immediate karma: 'I feel good about myself.' Linda Thompson
Our uniqueness, our individuality, and our life experience molds us into fascinating beings. Linda
You have reached the pinnacle of success as soon as you become uninterested in money, compliments, or publicity. Thomas Wolfe
Behind every successful man there’s a lot of unsuccessful years. Bob Brown
The biggest challenge after success is shutting up about it. Criss Jami
Be content to act, and leave the talking to others. Baltasar
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation. Herman Melville
The young do not know enough to be prudent, and therefore they attempt the impossible – and achieve it, generation after generation. Pearl S. Buck
One can have no smaller or greater mastery than mastery of oneself. Leonardo da Vinci
Success is never accidental. Jack Dorsey (Twitter)
Failure is success in progress. Albert Einstein
Good morning everyone. How are you?
Music is always great to hear. lol
https://t.co/roimqZFYGH
https://t.co/66Z2dpIAgT
https://t.co/8eAFrdo7J8
https://t.co/4mm3j0WtQP
https://t.co/AWqqohZctv
https://t.co/zq0bX04jiq
https://t.co/TDYoQwkN77
https://t.co/L19eBnnWIo
Nou tout konsène (mixtape extraceleste) https://t.co/7BzumtYVQM
Have you heard ‘Nou tout konsène (mixtape extraceleste)’ by master da on #SoundCloud? #np https://t.co/HrJP2Ui54x
When you want  to get that Doctorate Degree, you work your butt off for it and you make money to pay for your loans but you save to invest a little and buy my bonds or my stocks to earn some more money.
In the professional circle, one think I look for is consistency. If you do the right thing constantly, you can't help but win.
You want to make it to the top of your career, start  developing a winning attitude and then give it 100 percent of your ability, give your best shot ever best.
Have you heard of the Law of Attraction? Likes attract like.
Being rich starts by maintaining a healthy lifestyle and keep thinking positive and productive thoughts of success.
I can assure you if my saliva falls on you, you will be rich. lol Alright?
I used to read about Robert K. on Rich Dad, Poor dad, a great millionaire on What makes one poor while the other gets rich. When you follow my lead, you will be lifted off your butt and  do something to become financially free
I want to come up with 100 percent legit business that can lift you off your butt and put money in your pocket and possibly make you retire rich. Alright?
I told many you that many times I don't have a magic stick to turn you into a millionaire overnight unless you hit it big in the lottery or the casino. Alright?
Creating a trillion dollar market share is no joke and is not going to happen with people who cannot read and understand simple directions to take positive actions to get rich.
Once I come on the net and you log on to my blog, you are logging onto a Wall Street trillion dollars market maker.
When I come on the net, I don't come to bullshit you. I come with a purpose: To show you where you need to  put money so you don't retire broke.
I am a capital raiser &amp; fund raiser. So you know or at least have an idea how time is precious to me. Alright?
Time  is a notion of stewardship. It is the most valuable element to dutifully manage when one wants to make money and be successfully at anything. Alright?
If you are putting time in something that is not making you money, don't do it unless you willfully want to donate time to a cause.
As a manage or executive, or a responsible person, one should make good use of one's time by being productive to earn money.
When we think about we don't have time too much, we become anxious and fell stressed out. So we begin to do something called: Time Management.
Two things we can never have enough of: Time &amp; Space.
I am the type of guy when I get off my throne, desk, chair, office desk , I like to  travel 10,000 mph to get to where I need to be without wasting precious time. Time is pricey.
Hello America, Hello world and anyone who is on the net right of this moment. Thanks for joining my Twitter blog.
Breathing clean fresh air every day helps you think clearly and makes you feel more positive throughout your day and get more done.
https://t.co/NnHwrIV30b
https://t.co/XKjScpsbqK
https://t.co/Qo13jjAZDq
When you had to obtain your first associate degree, many people could not see why. But When you have your Doctor's scrub on you, my goodness, everyone goes wow... She/he did it. That's how things are...
If you worry about people's mouth, you will never amount to anything. Alright?
Sometimes, people notice that someone cracked to being a millionaire but they never knew where you were struggling to pay for your phone or your utility bills. Right?
People don't always start at the very top. They normally start at the bottom and work their way up. Alright?
Sometimes people only see when you are at the top but they never stop to think. Wait a minute; If there is a top, there is a bottom.
Our Cities have some of the most beautiful places to vist, drink cool beverages and have so much fun after a week of hard work. I will see in our neck of the wood for the most memorable and historical ride. https://t.co/M2gFSY0teW
https://t.co/4hQNNtq7FB
https://t.co/YxmB12QGl0
https://t.co/VDNetexHIk
https://t.co/gJduXrT2eO
https://t.co/nKCPDkXCkU
https://t.co/KuLXFabCP6
Now, I have luxury housing, real estate, Energy Development and pharmaceutical researches to develop for the next 25 fucking years. Big money!
For Real Estate &amp; Energy Development only, I have a 350 billion dollars budget. Alright?
All these industries will take billions and billions of dollars to come up with. Alright?
I am going to put billions and billions of dollars into developing Charles Ville to show the world that we know how to have fun in America and we want them to partake in our fun.
If you have people under your care, guard, watch, employees, treat everyone with the type of dignity you would like to be treated.
I want "Charles Ville", rated #1, to be something spectacular, wonderful, amazing, glamourous, wild at best as the most desired touristic destination in the years to come.
I want to reiterate my commitment to mankind as a humanist, activist, economic developer, market maker, entertainer for the entire globe through my businesses.
I am the type of guy who is against anti-Semitism  all over the globe but I have an eye on everybody. I work, do research as hard as everybody else. I do my homework.
I like people who want to wake the fuck up every day, do a good ass job that they can be proud of and at the end of the day, they get rewarded for their efforts. Ight?
If you want to get caught stealing, don't do it. Plain and simple!
Self regulated people don't worry about law enforcement. Law Enforcement wants you to be responsibly and do your job responsibly and let them do theirs.
It is irresponsible to hate people because they are doing their job.  When you out to work, you mind your business and law enforcement will mind theirs. Simple like "good morning"!
I don't like the fact people want to take their anger on law enforcement when they go out break the laws and get caught, then they want to hate them for  doing their goddamn  job.
Attracting the right kind of investors is not a easy work either as making money is not easy for anyone. Alright?
I have so many projects on my table that I can't rest my butt to do them. Need to raise Capital for Charles Ville and other projects I am working on. Pretty busy a man I am!
I have two books I am writing and they are yet to be finished. I still have some research to make before I finish the  writing to complete them. Two amazing works!
Purposeful people know how they want to spend their day by having a mental or written plan. Alright?
When you get up and leave your house in the morning, if you did not know where you are headed, a wind can take you anywhere. Alright?
The Planet has known many great thinkers such as Gandhi, Mother Teresa, Nelson Mandela from other nations and they all made a difference in the lives of mankind.
https://t.co/gCrLe2haw9
https://t.co/KpV9kY6Hxz
https://t.co/TWSKEO2zOR
My IPO is still going strong. Money is coming in every day. IPO is Strong!
You can send me messages on Facebook, Twitter, or you can send me email at Staffingconsultings@gmail.com.
Look me up on google and you will find me almost everywhere. I am going to have offices everywhere in the US pretty much in every city.
How many of you want choices, options as you come to the US? Send me emails, comments of what Charlesville would represent to you? Alright?
I want to bring another 150 million tourists to the US every year to come have fun and enjoy our wonders down here. Alright?
If i put 150 Billion dollars in CharlesVille to attract guests from more than 220 nations, that's a damn good investment. Alright?
CharlesVille alone will take more than 150 billion dollars. Alright?
I am going to build a few oil plants within the next few months or so down in the middle East area.
We don't want terrorists near our borders. We need to get rid of illegal immigration by having more comprehensive policies.
Most religious people are good people. Even Muslims are good people with the exception of a radical Islamism that generates terrorists..
Not paying people is financial abuse. It's not right. All my employees are well paid with cool benefits, great vacation packages and bonuses. Alright?
In America, Some of us take pleasure in paying people. Alright?
When I build CharlesVille, I will make sure that all my guests have almost everything that they need on our territories. Alright?
I want to urge all tourists who ever visit the US to be responsible people and plan accordingly. Alright?
When people visit the US, they want to have as much fun as they can and take as many pictures as they can to bring back home.
In America, we are very wild but we can keep it together. Alright?
I need people to know about all the projects that we are working on as we move into 2019 with might and powerfully.
I think everybody already know why I am on the air. I need to attract  more followers, fans and consumers to this page.
You I love to come on the air to communicate what we are doing and how things are. Alright?
People need to learn to have fun responsibly and that's what makes life enjoyable otherwise we face the consequences. Alright?
Who does not drink a beer or two in the weekend? Come on! loosen up people!
Happy Sunday everyone. It's the weekend so drink responsibly! I know I do!
https://t.co/KuhwpoGEtB
https://t.co/to2SdxTr8Q
Some of the best financial thinkers, advisers, bankers will not tell you this. Because by the time to know you can make money with my company. It's too late.
When you own  warrants and options from Jean-Esdrace Charles &amp; Co, you know it is worth money that can give you peace of mind.  You  can pass them to your kids safely. Alright?
Great commodities  such as oil, gas, gold, alternative energy sources, housing are some of the best places to invest money and always will be.
Market making and investing is like a slippery slope in communication when you don't know when to act. Alright?
In investing, "Timing" is everything. Investors need to know when to hit and when to hide. Alright?
When we are registered in a major national exchange market making engine, you might not get the best part of the cake. Because you did not act on time.
I am motivating you to invest money in a growing market marker  that will thrive a difference in the market.
I will still be fighting to build a strong market share even after I get in the grave. Alright?
If it takes 30 years to build a sustainable  global market environment, I will be happy to die in peace.
When I first started blogging on Facebook, Twitter, everybody, blacks, whites, Hispanics and  Asians always wanted a piece of what I was offering. That's a good thing!
I can never emphasize the importance of putting money where you can win big. If you want put money with small minded individuals. Ur Problem!
If you have money and you want to invest that money, you have to choose a market maker like myself and bet on your money on my company.
I am a bonds man.
I want the global audience to look for two main feature	movie projects from Jean-Esdrace Charles: The Multibillionaire &amp; The King Charley Movie Series. Alright?
Obviously, there is not a lot money in making movies but we can make a living in it. Competition is always fierce in Hollywood but I wear a steel pant. Alright?
I am going add some good ass movies to the big screen and make a real impact in the cinema business and make some money.
Today, we have a lot for everyone in different part of the Country from Orlando, Las Vegas and soon "Charlesville" will be added to the list of best places to visit in the world. Alright?
Today I am the movie. ALright? But in the past, I used to watch Bruce Lee, Jackie Chan, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Jean-Paul Belmondo and  Daniel Boone and many other great talents.
Today is Saturday in our Neck of The Woods and we expect that every family is planning to do something positive after that fat pay check. Alright?
https://t.co/clkOrwC6Uw
https://t.co/vGI1pjxzN9
https://t.co/BZM5GJ3cO8
https://t.co/jjZIhNhITV
https://t.co/t1zWWBtBak
The Sound of Silence! https://t.co/wxrusWfsgs via @YouTube
The Sound of Silence! https://t.co/mOeyDqHerw
https://t.co/FXYSPIjCxt
https://t.co/zvKg1Gf7Eo
https://t.co/uhrI2qFNWu
https://t.co/5JceIXTWIH
https://t.co/wwf4K7T86c
https://t.co/trR1CBq5fn
https://t.co/SkoWWbIWX9
https://t.co/82zyfvEzFd
https://t.co/thleYnHT1k
https://t.co/gxCsSPosPC
Start making a difference by looking for ways to invest in my company and my ventures and become a winner. Alright?
To make a difference in the world around, we start with ourselves from within and let it spread effortlessly to your surrounding. Alright?
I want people who care and people who truly want to make a difference in the world like my Father and Mother wanted to make a difference in our lives.  Alright?
My Mother was a very beautiful woman and that's why she was my dad's wife. Alright? lol
Nothing feels than a good arm around you when you want to quit. My Mother never liked to quit. She did everything she had to do raise her kids. All my respect goes to her as well. Alright?
It's good to have beautiful caring mother that will take care of you no matter what. Alright?
It's great to have a Father that you admire and like. Alright?
Caring people tend to work hard no matter what. I have seen that from my Father, a caring being who spoke with a just a few words most of the time.
His work always spoke for him. So he did not have to waste time talking to people. It was a take it or leave it kind of guy. Alright?
When my Father finished an architecturally designed building, you can't spit next him.
One thing I learned from Father is to do what you  love, what you know and do it such a passion so that your competition can look and walk or talk and walk.
But Father was always at his work 100 %  of the time and he worked so beautifully. He was an amazing craftsman.
My Father owned a Manufacturing company, a construction business, my mother ran the grocery business and the farms, plus a boat for transportation some with relatives. Alright?
My Father used to screw my mother good and that's why she was so committed to him. My Father was good at screwing everything. Alright?
I used to watch my father so carefully, I could catch my father fucking my mother and hide to laugh at them behind the door.
Since I was 4X4 I saw my father gets up early every day to work on a particular project. I was always watching dad.
if you want to be a success and you don't want to do shit. You are not in my world. Alright?
Success is something that is strongly connected with those who can take action and do something about solving problems. Alright?
Market making is hard work that requires focus, strong concentration, constantly thinking of new ways to approach the market and build momentum to ignite leverage and equity for profitability. Alright?
Is not it great that with "Jean-Esdrace Charles" we can finally create global market credibility, profitability via market sustainability while maintaining strong venture capitals?  Hein?
Is not it great that we have banking corporations like the Swiss, Zurich that control many of the world's assets with equity while creating profitable ventures? Alright?
The heart of America lies at Wall Street and that's why we will do whatever it takes to keep the global market environment credible and competitive. Alright?
A Global Task Force of well qualified young minds, personnel, executives and staff ready to build global equity in a global market is no joke. It's the real deal. Alright?
I am building an army of marketers to market my products globally and that' no easy task. Alright?
Building a multi national global corporation is not  the work of a "coco rat" millionaire.
If you have not begun yet and you feel defeated, I don't have time for you.
Do you want to side with losers, procrastinators, nay sayers and doubters? I don't. I want the those who have a winning attitude on my side. Alright?
When Enron and World fucked up the economy, it was a wake up call for investors to become extremely cautious to avoid losers in the market.
As humanist, I am always looking for ways to better mankind and find ways to bring goods and services to the least fortunate one like Bill Gates is doing right now. Alright?
Every day I wake up, I am trying to improve something. That's my life. I am a scientist. Alright?
I need to surround myself with people that can help me make it happen  day and day out so we can get stronger. bigger and better every day.
Wall Street is Make or Break kind of game. I have no time for losers. I mean seriously.
When you are a committed market marker, there is no turning back. It either makes you or breaks you. Alright?
After Enron and WorldCom fucked up the market, I made a commitment to take the journey to Wall Street and Hollywood at the same time. Alright?
I made a full commitment that I was going to be at Wall Street and make a difference in the market. No matter how hard it is, we are on it.
A tax cut is always very good to help boost the economy with more jobs.
https://t.co/AMaKKbCyGy
https://t.co/T9UwaYXzRa
https://t.co/0iPKDweGSz
https://t.co/ohVuTsGfxZ
https://t.co/7uSZMo5Hic
https://t.co/ZC9sbO5QG2
https://t.co/uLa4wLxdvi
https://t.co/Np3koFLNJf
https://t.co/ZRPwmUS4c8
https://t.co/DwSAqpo0I1
Now come on, Let's make my IPO a success. Alright?
I am always ready to fight 24/7 365 days year. Alright?
I don't know a real who is not always ready to fight. Alright?
https://t.co/aiFpZ7oaqI
https://t.co/gkHxGRwQ29
https://t.co/hevWlTqlC9
https://t.co/eJioDy18BV
https://t.co/um08kviZnP
https://t.co/KfrIP9VpCO
https://t.co/nov0hgTtWV
https://t.co/AXqkeW2ZR5
https://t.co/xWcRxkTOXT
If you want to get some of my money, keep following my posts and I will show how to purchase my bonds, stocks, products  to be where you need to be in your finances. Alright?
If you did not prepare for your retirement, you will end up being in a shitty situation. Alright?
Be a little more serious about your money matter, about your life in general because before you know it you are retired. lol
Think progress every day and stay positive. Aright?
As a big time investor I will be putting money in many industries  of my choosing to generate a steady cash flow and maintain a powerful balance sheet. Aright?
When I tell you that I am going to wall street to make money. I am not kidding you. It's a fact. Alright?
Only real men and women make money on Wall Street. Alright?
Enjoy some music and keep your mouth shut! https://t.co/TrAFuDfafG
As a producer, I want to make it up to my potential investors who want to bet on my company, my products to earn dividends and interests. Thanks a million!
The real estate market is a broad enough area with room enough to generate trillions and trillions of dollars. It's a sweet market. I love it.
When you know  that you want to bet on the market to secure your future, you can't play with that, you bet big money to be a big dog on wall street.
It takes gut, it takes manliness, manhood to be a market maker,  men and women who can stand out from the crowd and make a difference in Wall Street.
No body  wants to have a dead a portfolio that is not generating cash or interests or dividends?  Right?
Investors want to put money in a company  that is promising and able to make money in return. Alright?
https://t.co/3LACUTv0vi
https://t.co/XXEeVSZuQS
https://t.co/m59wRB0QwO
https://t.co/HtMA60MxYI
https://t.co/z0Sgp4VTOE
https://t.co/RqYBb6fZKN
https://t.co/bZMil4xDAY
https://t.co/MdsXbF3Avy
https://t.co/iKvsJ7ik5i
When you are awakened to the realities of life, you can't help but keep moving to build better global economies.
The highest level of intelligence is that which seeks to help another man enjoy our freedom. Ignorance and the loss of other nations does not make us happy.
Comprehensive democratic economic development seeks to help people of all nations to enjoy more freedom without infringing on other's freedom.
As a world banker, I have an utmost responsibility to not just give hope but the opportunity to get rich and become wealthy.
Every morning when I wake up I try to find new strategies to do the impossible, what others thought we could never do. How can we bring freedom and  democratic economic methods to other nations.
I am lucky and fortunate to have been in a great and wealthy economy where we have almost everything you can think of by the snap of a finger.
Every day we wakeup, we are trying to find new ways todo business successfully with other markets of other nations?
Are we not happy that the US and China, Mexico, Canada can have great negotiations for good business to take place among those nations?
Ensuring that we respect the laws of nature also that we will be committed to fighting pollution and environmental degeneration.
We are to address the rights of the people in course the pursuit of global economic development ventures.
Global leadership is the best thing that ever happened to mankind. It is the sign that we are always ready to overcome the challenges of the future and to make the world a better place for all.
My IPO is what is hot on my desk right now. Drawing great believers and investors to make things happen is what is needed. Alright
I know it is always a pain when it comes to finding new ways to achieve your goals and become financially independent. Well, you know on the right door!
I speak money. This is  Dr. Money!
I speak money!
Enjoy this instrumental in my repertoire. https://t.co/YKmSjgET0A
I am a philanthropist and I like donating to non-for profits so they can do a good job to get people back on their feet and take them to work as we are trying to figure what the fuck is going on. Alright?
No matter what is going on in the market, we will keep gaining market share and build strong equity that is going to be pretty profitable for the risk takers.
In the meantime, those of you who want to invest in a growing venture, look for my bonds and my stocks on the market. Alright?
https://t.co/Lw4SXgCFj7
The Sound of Silence! https://t.co/7LHMNy0PRl
https://t.co/hCiUPJFH6R
https://t.co/gezpeZzTSm
https://t.co/PteGfeo4yh
https://t.co/Z0q8MwClRx
https://t.co/UCNf4qHaC6
https://t.co/HZwEV2o7c7
America is a productive nation and it's good to keep it that way. If I were President, I would not want anything less than greatness from Americans. I don't like average people. They make me waste time.
Keep America Great!
I run Hollywood!
We will keep eye on Hollywood motherfuckers to make sure that everything runs smoothly.
Mr. Trump, the Tea Party billionaire of America is with you 1000 percent. Together, we can make America Great again and keep America safe. Salute!
Believe it or not, enhanced security in the battle against terror is The President''s number one priority. Alright?
Although the wall may not solve every existing immigration problem, it will help DHS do a better job with national security. That's a garantee. Alright?
Help Trump build a the wall to make all of us feel more secure and to enhance immigration policies. That's a rightful course of action.
Build the Wall!
America could always build a wall at any given moment. It's only a matter of choice and priority. That's it.
A wall makes America more secure  and shows some national pride to all. Immigration policies will be better managed. We just don't want idiots running borders states.
Billionaire Jean-Esdrace Charles wants the wall built.
If need be, I will raise money for the Wall to be built and keep America safe and great as we strive to bring democracy and freedom to other nations.
America is a rich nation and therefore building a wall inceases shows that America is indeed and rich nation and those who wish to come should follow the right process.
I am telling you what? The Wall is a fucking good deal right now.  Anything we can do to add more security and organize immigration is great.
The Wall is the hottest topic in America right now for our politicians.
Good morning America! Welcome to my blog. What do we have on the table right now heating up the political arena?
After all we all can enjoy a good shot of whiskey and a luxury cigar out of my refineries. Farewell!
My company wants to make friends all over the world, not enemies.
Buy my bonds and stocks! So long!
With a new corporate social responsibility approach on wall street and a philanthropic network, we can bring democracy to more nations and set people free.
You know that you are making a difference when you buy my bonds and stocks. Alright?
I know when I leave this Earth, I want to leave my mark behind and so should you. If you can't leave your marks, leave your kids. lol Alright?
Don't be too serious not to be able to enjoy life but serious about what matters and make a good damn difference that you can be proud of.
My bonds and stocks will grow stronger and stronger for you to buy them and, together, we are going to make a difference on the globe.
People have to understand that economic democracy takes years and years to sink into some nations. Alright?
I always admire Bill and Melinda Gates and their foundation for their philanthropic gift to mankind and no one asked them to do it.
People, businesses men and women, scientists, politicians alike need to awaken themselves to the realities of life and become fully conscious of the need of the people
When you bring a lot scientists to a lab, they need to what the fuck you want them to accomplish.
When you want to create the best product, the best drug,  it takes	 psychological, sociological discipline and patience.
We build things, destroy things to make them better  to met the taste of our consumers and customers globally.
I need people who are serious about their stuffs, real men and women who want to engage in the difference making network to create a global business environment where everyone is fit to work.
Trust me! I don't want you to lose. I will try everything I can to help you win, earn and get a piece of my market share.  Is that fair?
I am creating and making my  market share. The market does not make me.
I make money and I make things. They don't make me.
We don't want leave anyone behind and I swear to heaven, I will see through that we do everything possible to attend to every Country in the Planet within our grasp.
When you want to start a business and want it to grow, you must be willing to work your butt off and to the hard work it takes to where you want to be.
When you join my network of millionaires and billionaires, you will never ever want to be broke again.
Are you proud of yourself when your coworkers can count on you for some help when they are falling behind on their assignments?
Are you proud of yourself when you go outside of your home to take a walk in your community and notice that elected officials missed on some things to send a memo?
Are you proud of yourself when you go out of you house and do a damn good job and when you go home you boss calls you to felicitate you personally?
We are businessmen, scientists, entrepreneurs, show businessmen, artists, actors, industrialists, hard working men and women who are trying to build stronger, better lives globally.
If you are humble in spirit, I can help you but if you are poor, you are a hard case that falls outside of my field. You might need financial counselling for the poor . Alright?
How are supposed to make things better if we are not conscious our current circumstances? How can I help you build wealth if you think it is ok to be poor?
When you know that time is not on your side, you will strive to make every breath count for the highest results.
If you don't wake up every day with the purpose of trying to do things better, more effective and efficient, then you miss on your purpose.
One thing we are trying to do every day is to build stronger societies with people who are ready to challenge the next generation of accomplishers.
I love travelling to many Countries in the course of doing business. I love London, Moscow, Dubai, Johannesburg, Jerusalem, Frankfurt, Hong Kong, Taipei, Bangkok, Seoul, Geneva, Port-Au-Prince...and so on.
Is it not nice to wake up every day and  say that: Today I am going to make difference by doing the right thing by looking at the positive side of things to build?
I don't care about how the market is going to be for next 15-20 years but we are play hard to gain leverage, build equity and gain market share.
My office is piled up  with a lot of assignments and I have to hire some of the brightest minds to help me make things happen as well. We are growing obviously and getting bigger.
I am a blogger and I like to write about many topics that interest my readers. I have not written any article lately but you are going ready some in the near future.
If you ask me this question, why you did you become a business man? The answer is pretty simple .
When you invest in my ventures, you gain leverage buy building equity over time. This is not some get rich quick kind of thing. If you follow my lead, you are going to make it.
When you become an investor and build a professional profit generating portfolio within my company, you become one step ahead of your competition.
When you start working for me, you will get richer every day. I will show you how get some of my money as you help me create this empire enterprise.
In my companies, we don't just build things and make money , we build lives one at a time.
I need real men and women, entrepreneurs who want to make things happen and help me build and get ready for the next generation in every aspect of life.
If you don't want to be a fucking "somebody" , I have no time "fucking time" for you, not even one second.
We want to breed productive people on the Planet., those who want to study hard,  work hard and become somebody.
Wherever you hear that I am, get ready to put some money out to pay for your tickets or bring money to invest. Alright?
I bless everyone in every nation that happens to be on my page.
Although I respect everybody including faith groups and all religions. I ain't fucking religious. I am not indoctrinable. I may visit you, I am not in. Alright?
What I give a fuck is my products because those are what are going to put money in my fucking pocket and bank account. Alright?
If someone wants you to think I give a fuck their faith, or church, temple, god,  or religion. Just tell them " Fuck you". It's that simple.
My company will strive to hire the best of you in the labor force whether you are an American  or lives in a foreign Country and  happens to be working me.
I want everyone on the planet to have a good-ass education, healthcare,a good food supply and succeed.
We don't just build things and products and we try to build  people one life at a time and want to leave no one behind.
I invest in Pharmaceuticals, Oil, Alternative energy, real estate, fashion, high teach electronics, and other special utility equipment manufacturing as an internationally recognized vendor. Alright?
That being said, let's roll the dice and start making some good ass money. I am product developer in various industries.
I don't give a fuck whether they are Master Masons or some other esoteric motherfuckers. Just don't set yourself against me and you are good to go. Alright?
Don't worry what about the esoteric motherfuckers. If they are against me, they fail big, big time. I can kick their butts too if they stand on my way. Alright?
That's why you can call me Dr. Money. or Dr. M. for short.
Everybody has different passion, I have a passion to making money. Alright?
When you buy a billionaire's stock like mine which does stop going up every as we have not even been  listed on a major exchange market, that's amazing!
If you are coach-able enough , then, most like you will be able to get some of my money and no stupid ass motherfucker can stop you. Alright?
Building the best stock in Wall street is no easy task at all. I will take all the time in world to teach you how make some of my money. Alright?
RT @JeanEsdrace: Enjoy and have a great week. Today is Monday, a great day to be productive! https://t.co/7LHMNy0PRl
https://t.co/a28A2ve6Ea
https://t.co/aiVTWgiIYZ
https://t.co/7YO4mqoFOF
https://t.co/AqxxNL2gxy
https://t.co/Is6qkuUdxX
https://t.co/WGWDSJpGJZ
Enjoy and have a great week. Today is Monday, a great day to be productive! https://t.co/7LHMNy0PRl
When you care for what you do and do it with professionalism and passion, you are this close to success beyond your wildest dream.
When you do what you are naturally good at, you can't help but be a success. We provide you with opportunity to succeed and be great.
Life is way too short to dwell on negative emotions and downward spiral activities that keep pushing you to failures.
When you can't do what you are passionate about, you work very hard to get to where you need to be that makes you feel successful.
If you are passionate about creating arts, just go ahead and do it.
If you are passionate about making love, find somebody you love and just make love.
When you have passion for something, you go ahead and do it.
When you start coming to my web page, you will find everything that you need in one place. Just click and you are there!
My office will be a one stop shopping for many of your service and product needs.
Very soon, I will have an office next to you where can go meet my agent and get you started to put you a brand new place called home.
Very Soon, you will be able buy, build your home just buy clicking on a simple button on my website and fill a simple form to get you started.
When you work really hard and you need to give your family a peace of mind, you invest a brand new home. That's a damn good investment.
Being broke is temporary but poverty is a disease that requires a mental cleansing and this may take a decade.
I can take broke people and turn them into millionaires, even billionaires but I can't help poor people as they are not ready to grasp wealth.
Spotting the right place to invest your money is key to determining whether you make money or not in the market.
How do  we truly become free by investing in the right areas of the market? Which company should we choose?
When you are a money maker, you can almost turn any environment into a money making  area to create wealth. Alright?
When I wake up in the morning, every leaf I see looks like a 1000 dollar bill. lol
Many people want to make money and create become financial independent of a broken system, or your low paying job but it's hard to knock on the right door. Right?
Many of us are not where we need to be but we know that we are close to where we need to be. You can create a perfect picture of your goals and see them executed by taking the right steps.
When one has a winning attitude, one can't help but finding new ways to do things every and bring one's visions to fulfillment.
We would rather die trying to make a different than remaining indifferent. Right?
It's Monday, the most wonderful and productive day in the week where people put on their best outfits to go to office.
I want to bring another 100 millions people to come visit the US and Charlesville to see dome of the wonders are building in the western hemisphere. It's a several billions dollars project. My architect and I are working and drawing the map and I will be…https://t.co/N4Bpf9ITiB
I am going to build Charlesville and name a building after my Father to honor his name and his legacy of great workmanship and of excellence. Dead ass, I will do it!
I wish I had the power to raise my dad from the dead just to see him make me laugh again and teach me his skills in architecture and his ability to build fine buildings with his hands. lol I would let him build Charlesville.
My Father was the symbol of ultimate manhood who respected people and cared for his family every day.
My Father, now deceased, is one of our ancestors, a powerful indelible being  on my mind was a diligent worker, a man of a few words, a respectable man of excellent  character whose words were golden. No body wanted to mess with daddy's words. His time wa…https://t.co/0D7fWB5lWp
Although I loved my mother as much and her trades, I always longed to copy my father and his trades and in everything that he was doing. I always wanted to do what he does, pose like him, talk like him, smile like him, be as eloquent a speaker as he was,…https://t.co/396jmRNFO5
My Father, Saint Germain Charles, whose middle I kept as my middle name, used to make us laugh a lot to the point he could easily pass for a family entertainer at dinner time. Yet his workmanship was impeccable and left a great legacy behind him.
I like to talk about my Father a lot because he was a great great worker with great ethics. In a sense, he was my hero in many aspects. He owned a construction company, a furniture company plus a few farms where I used to go every year to ride his horses…https://t.co/lwQHFPrw2i
The market always have  those who win and those who lose. Which side do you want to be on? Who do you want to invest with? I am seeking those who want to retire with more than one million dollars in their bank account. If that's you, welcome to my page!
The market always those who win and those who lose. Which side do you want to be on? Who do you want to invest with? I am seeking those who want to retire with more than one million dollars in their bank. If that's you, welcome to my page!
I am working on a great Wall Street Movie called " The Multi-billionaire". It's going to be one of the most phenomenal works in my life.
I want to invest several millions into advertising "Jean-Esdrace Charles" as a global brand all over the planet.
I want "Jean-Esdrace Charles" to be a top brand in the  US many goo-dings from fashion &amp; design and many other products.
If you want to make money, whose bonds and stocks should you buy? "Jean'Esdrace Charles's"
I can give you a million dollar account if you are a smart investor when you buy whose stocks and bonds? My stock and bonds!
I don't care how old you are, I can make you a millionaire in just 10 years simply by investing in my company.
How do you want to retire? On your butt or well off? Do you want to defend just on on others to hell you carry on with your  retirement.
The market may be bad at times, but we will do what we have to do to keep up with competition.
As a market maker, I will strive to beat the crap out of my competition in many aspects by attract some bad-ass  talents in the labor force to get things done.
My bonds and stocks will be able to make you money by giving you one of the best portfolios on the market. Alright?
When I come on the web, I want to remain focused and tell you exactly what's going on. Alright?
My brain is wired to talk about own business 24/7 and I don't gossip about other people's business unless I am having a comedy session or a stand up.
Treat your customers right so you can have repeat business. That's what makes you a success.
In the meantime, if you have a job to do, do it right, treat people with utmost skills if you are dealing with people.
I am going to have some real road shows aiming to raise money in the near future for my banks. I want you guys to follow my posts faithfully.
Any way, I don't like about other men's business if I don't get paid to talk about it unless it is a public safety. Alright?
I like Facebook for what it is. Don't get me wrong. It's like a big global Church and everybody gets along fine. lol
I heard Facebook is going to have a corporate shutdown. Is it real? lol
I want to attract the crowd that wants to try to be rich every day and if you don't make it, you kids will make it for you. Alright?
If getting rich is not your goal, you don't belong to my page. Alright?
It's good to be hungry and be wanting to make money and become a Hugh success and real estate is one of the babies out there.
It's never to late to do the right thing and get your life together. Real estate is one of the best places to make money in today and it will always will be.
The future is within our grasp and it starts with everything that we do on a daily basis. Alright?
One of everyone's resolution, i suppose, is to increase one's revenues. To do that, people can invest in a good company.
What's your resolution for 2019?
With $750 on you bank account, you can register to participate and win big! https://t.co/9vaTVMvvwX
Easy listening for you this weekend. I authorize you to share this music!	The Sound of Silence! https://t.co/wxrusWfsgs via @YouTube
Easy listening for you this weekend!  Enjoy! I give you share right on this music. https://t.co/7LHMNy0PRl
https://t.co/ma8wUAq5gp
If you want to promote yourself, your product, you service or your company, contact our Marketing Task Force at staffingconsultings@gmail.com to get a quote! https://t.co/CZFWxUeuUK
Remember, my bonds on real estate, energy and banking are up for sales.  Contact me for a good rate. Staffingconsultings@gmail.com.
I have been working on a new product to cure cancer and tumor for my pharmaceutical company. Those of you who are working hard, please  don't stop working.
That's not fun. I must catch such thief and make him pay for such high crime against my company.
I just lost 16 millions dollars worth of intellectual property with a potential of 2.5 billions dollars potential annual revenues due to theft. Alright?
But one thing I am sure of is that hard work pays off. Those who work hard even when people are stealing from you, you will always have more than they can steal.
There is always those who have to bear the cross of greatness without sacrificing themselves over it. Alright?
I don't envy you because you are having a good time while I am working my butt off to create a company to make it happen for you. I don't!
I like to see people enjoy their money. That's why I am in show business as an entertainer. Alright?
Wealth building and creation begin from within, what we read and what we do every day contribute to our intellectual prosperity and wealth creation habits. Alright?
What's the point of having money today, gone tomorrow because of poor management? To maintain good health wealth, one must exercise.
I exercise 1 hour every day to keep a minimum fitness so I can have an optimal health to help keep on keeping on every day. Alright?
Some people want to create wealth but they unhealthy, poor diet, no exercise. Even if gave you 1 billions dollars, without good health, you can't keep them.
The survival of the fittest theory is a natural theory. We did not create it. It is the result of natural selection based on natural laws.
Building wealth requires that people maintain a healthy lifestyle. I don't know about Andromeda but in the Milky Way, the fittest survives.
I am not an office ridden or chair-man type of guy. You can't fool me. You can steal but I will catch your ass. All Vets can claim their discount with my companies
I am a hands on leadership who will be in the dirt, the sun, the rain, with guys sometimes to make it happen.
If you have donation funds you want to manage through my company for your beneficiaries, send me an email to staffingconsultings@gmail.com. Alright?
Send an email to staffingconsutlings@gmail.com to receive a prospectus. From 1 million dollars, 1 billion dollars or more are welcome!
Buy my bonds or stocks and get rich! It's that simple. I am the boss.
My IPO is  the most important project on the table right now.
I can run border states with an iron fist. Alright?
As I said it before, I can eliminate all problems associated with border problems as long as the US can hire my company. The republicans could count on my company for that. Alright?
I am a money maker. If I speak about the wall, I should be able to make money in it.
I just want to make sure that I make some money in the wall. Alright?
Trump is a builder. He has all these down pact to get the job done. I can send some of my contractors to put hand in the paste as well. It's an unforgettable monument.
I have many contractors ready to build a strong consistent wall and make it happen in no time supersonic-ally.
If I could get the contract and get involved in the building of the Wall for Trump, that would be great.
The border states of the US need stronger and tougher leadership than any other states. Sissi men or girly men can't cut it. It's not going to work.
My simply tactic is this: If I can't improve you, I will fire you immediately or within 90 days by law.
How are you going to make money if you don't have the gut to tell your best friend "if you  can't work, I am going to have to let you go?
I know some people who would fire their best workers and leave unproductive workers on payroll. That's dumb and stupid!
Hiring and firing is one skill. Managers need to know when to fire people bad workers, not good workers.
https://t.co/VjCTdnEktK
https://t.co/E0A8EdLYXT
https://t.co/0JMUfYCKjt
https://t.co/6BXviFUsab
https://t.co/6le5GPLjwC
The Sound of Silence! https://t.co/jNqQQYKut5
https://t.co/bejFfsMB6O
https://t.co/5cM9wdIvcH
We need to fire all motherfuckers who can't do their fucking job and replace them with those who can do the job. That's what leadership is about: Fire motherfuckers and replace them!
Tell Trump a  lot of people sit in their puke all day long and they don't even know what fuck is going on and yet they are in office seats. Enough is enough!
Now, build the wall? I don't give a damn. Do what you got to do so you can do what you need to do. Alright?
The problem is with terrorists in Canada and drug cartels in Mexico along with US Neo Nazi motherfuckers. It's that simple. I am telling ya!
My company can secure all border states  problems from Canada and Mexico without  the need of the Wall but as I said the wall adds more jobs to the workforce and keep men busy.
Terrorism will always be our worse enemy, not Countries. The battle against terror is perpetual and unending due to human nature.
Go tell Trump that Jean-Esdrace Charles can solve all problems we have in border states without the wall but the wall will keep men busy for a little bit. Alright?
I know what the problem is. President Trump can rest assured that I can solve it. Alright?
My company can solve the problem with or without the wall. But the wall adds more control and more jobs to get keep men busy. Alright?
When the wall is built, it will only show us that there was a problem that could be solved without such wall. Alright?
Trump wants to build the wall to solve a problem with illegal immigration. That's a great idea. Alright?
Let's look at the wall issue  which is on the table. Alright?
I need all government allies to the US as well as great foreign millionaires to invest in my bonds and stocks. Alright?
Hello everyone! Welcome to my blog  and it's Friday. So everybody has got to be happy to welcome the weekend. Ight?
https://t.co/GOGnMuveEU
I love high tech to get things done more effectively. That's why i am investing big money in this industry as much as real estate.
In technology and much like many other scientific fields, failing in one thing once gives insights on 10,000 different ways to do things. Be strong!
By the way, why do men rape women? Al men need to do is to approach women slowly with confidence and tell them' "You are so naughty, can we fuck? lol
Thieves are like rapists, some annoying elements of society.
I hate thieves.
America has lost several billions dollars to intellectual property thieves and that needs to stop.
My company has many great researchers including myself. So we don't lack intellectual properties.
The FBI should crack down on intellectual property theft with strength and might as much as we do for gangs and terrorism and drugs.
This is not just for my company but for every other key player in the market.
I want a sustainable local market that can trade on the international market with credibility and trust.
Are you not sick and tired of people who would rather steal than working  to earn money?
Thieves are major problem and I don't like em at all. When I catch such a man, I will make sure he faces the law to the fullest extent.
Intellectual property theft is a major crime against our companies. They broke into my office and stole 16 million dollars worth of intellectual properties: Classified documents!
Political corruption tarnishes the nation's reputation and corporate corruption brings the market to its knees.
One of the things we have to hear about is something called corporate corruption as much as political corruption.
Speed makes a big difference in the workplace with timely delivery sensitive products. It saves lives in Healthcare.
The Sound of Silence! https://t.co/wxrusWfsgs via @YouTube
Tell you what? You invest in my company and you win big. You don't, you lose big! So long!
Excessive greed is evil but greed is fucking good, real good. It can save lives when they depend on it.
Too much greed is no good.
Small " ti bobot" Companies can't satisfy my ego and my greed. By the way, Greed is fucking good. Matter of fact, it's great.
I come on Twitter because I want to create a big " Gwo bobot", multinational corporation to supply the planet with products.
The reason we go high, it's because we want to fly high. Alright?
I wanted to create a small " Ti bobot" Company, I would not be on twitter.
Every businessman had a story just like  I had a story and we have faced different challenges in the course of our career individually.
Ice, Law Enforcement, DHS work hard to maintaining order globally and that's what makes good business possible everywhere. Alright?
The deputy Sheriffs are the best at recognizing great business and market trends. Hats off to our Sheriffs because they contribute to making America Great.
Even New York's Law Enforcement understands and contributes to making a strong market by recognizing "social market trends".
I love New York and I miss the big Apple. When I first went to New York, I was amazed by how the key players run Wall Street.
Why do I invest smart money in the market? Because I want smart returns in terms of big money to pay dividends.
When you want to play a good soccer, football or basketball, if you go play unprepared, you most likely will lose the game. Right?
How many of you want to invest in a failing market? No one. People need to grasp the basics to get ahead of the game.
By 2025, I want to us to make sure we have offices all throughout the US ready to get things done.
Our market share is growing every day and we have not even begun the competition yet to gain market share.
As you know, I need to attract people who want to invest money to make money.
I have many great projects from home building to high tech production on the table and they will create jobs both nationally and internationally.
This is your market maker, Jean-Esdrace  Charles, author of the ongoing  " The Multibillionaire motion picture and the King Charley movie series. Ight?
The government needs to make things easier for us to do business with them. Alright?
I hate government sites. You can never see where to get anything done. Everything looks so fucking overcrowded like an old warehouse.
https://t.co/gOy7aU34EW
https://t.co/F6uQyjf1wH
https://t.co/lR722qe4KH
https://t.co/nmDCl2Q6ir
https://t.co/qd00WWz5Ei
Gay guys are too weak to match up to the qualities of men of excellence. The gay community shall remain a group to be protected by laws for their weakness.
Do we have more gay artists than gay actors? What's the proportion of these group?
Manhood is everything. Manhood ensures that our offspring lives through generations to come.
I like mentoring real men to live up to the fullness of their manhood.
We cant' be gay either. My club does not recruit gay member. Gay guys must remain in the closet until further notice. The courts shall determine their outcome.
I deny God publicly and yet I bless the people as a secular man.
I want to bless the Planet with my products not a as a man of God, but as a secular worldly man.
I am a secular artist, show business man, market marker and I love God's people of all nations.
God is a universal being that transcend all faiths  in different forms. All my respect go to the faith groups out there. They know the power of God.
Yesterday was Martin Luther King Jr.'s Day in the US, a brave man who has fought for justice, freedom of minorities to have a chance to see better days.
Enjoy some music for free as you work!	The Sound of Silence! https://t.co/wxrusWfsgs via @YouTube
Ecoutez de la musique en travaillant! https://t.co/7LHMNy0PRl
The Sound of Silence! https://t.co/7LHMNy0PRl
https://t.co/GF7QLEpqCg
Buy my bonds and stocks and make money. Talk to you banker or broker to find out how!
https://t.co/0L6AKehY4e
https://t.co/LIgOsyuy0h
Have fun everyone! https://t.co/pA4zCGHmGD
https://t.co/6AJNIsuy43
https://t.co/q5kE2eHTUM
https://t.co/w4dRxTHivi
https://t.co/BdWRxhpQV6
https://t.co/3kybOfhtf0
Never forget to invest in your health as you strive to get richer every day.
As we are moving in 2019 with the willingness to get some stuff done, we urging everyone to remain strong and calm.
Hello everyone! How are you? it's been raining very hard in our neck of the woods for the past three days. The Earth needed the bath as least.
Enjoy some music as you work.	The Sound of Silence! https://t.co/wxrusWfsgs via @YouTube
Take a break from work and enjoy some relaxing music for a more productive day. https://t.co/7LHMNy0PRl
The Sound of Silence! https://t.co/7LHMNy0PRl
My bonds are going strong for those who qualify and together, we can build a more sustainable market.
https://t.co/stvE97TfEP
https://t.co/Phs8LN9LUf
Billionaires who see themselves unable to tap on the solution spectrum think there is no hope and panic. But the experts will take it from there. Thank you!
People who make money by accident create problems they can't solve. Leave them to the market makers.  Alright?
People who make money by accident can never relate to the sophisticated theories of a free market environment. Alright?
Great corporate leaders make sure that their employees take good advantage of the benefits of our market by showing them the way to success every day.
The majority of the people need great paying jobs with great benefits, affordable housing and great locomotion.
It's not capitalism that is not working for the people, it's people who don't know how to make capitalism work for them.
My bank is a venture capitalist banking institution and we create free market environments globally.
I create millionaires and billionaires in America with my own fingers.
As a matter of fact, if you are US businessman, you have no business talking against Capitalism. Otherwise, let us know who the fuck you are.
If you live America, we make you a billionaire without knowing how  the fuck you got there, don't take it for granted a make a case for what you don't understand. Alright?
If you live in America and You've made billions and your don't know how the fuck you made them, place your money with someone who knows how.
We don't need dumb ass billionaires to come and push socialist agendas or worst communist agendas within our communities. Alright?
If those billionaires don't know what to do with their money in a free market environment, put your money in my bank, sit back and relax.
A billionaire who writes a case against capitalism should see all his money go to the majority of the people to feed their capitalism.
It's not capitalism that poses a problem to the welfare of others but people are probably not taught how to take the benefits of such a great system.
If a billionaire or someone thinks that capitalism is not working for everyone, it is because he does not understand how he makes money in a free market area.
Capitalism is a far better economic system than the other forms of economies.
All Hollywood women already know the drill. Don't make my mouth talk!
Do we have anybody who does know how to fuck women in Hollywood? I doubt it!
Listen up people! I am going to have a show to  talk only about pussy and dick or sexuality to teach men how to fuck horny women. Post  "yes"if you like!
Wow!!! My show is going to be  hot &amp; wild because we are going to talk about "pussy and dick" and how to make women happy with great intercourse.
Nothing can make a woman happier than receiving "dick and affection of course.
Welcome to my  blog again and as you know it, we are working very hard to bring the best products ever in the world to your door step.
I will have a special show and invite a clinical psychologist to explain what can happen to men when they can't  fuck women. Women need to be fucked.
I like a culture where  young men want to fuck women. At least try to have a girlfriend so one can fuck at will.
Most women are at the club are always horny and no question about that. You can never go wrong. No right or wrong approach exists. Just try to fuck!
It's good for men to learn to understand when women are horny. So you don't have approach them at the wrong time and get a rejection.
Some thought processes just don't follow. When that happens, start directing people to their psychiatrist. Alright?
How would feel if you did go to  masses and the priest would speak about pussy and dick only?
Billionaires don't talk about food. Their brain is way too busy to think about stuffs like that. When they do, they need to retire. Alright?
I will offer health insurance coverage that will pay for birth control for my employees. Alright?
https://t.co/4w1mDZWMZO
This is Mr. dick AKA Dr. Money. Who's got problem fucking women. Who's slow at fucking women? Post your comment below!
https://t.co/Rneebrbu6w
Where I am trying to get is that it's going to cost you money to keep your dick erect for a good fuck. So you invest my company to get you the right products that you need.
Which woman wants to fuck with a man who says good buy before he gets in the castle.
To fuck a woman good, you don't have to have a horse like size dick. The right size dick with enough power and resistance will do the job. Alright?
If you can't fuck your woman good, you can't keep her. It's that simple!
I am going to hold a sex class to show men how to fuck women just like  Howard Stern. They don't get it?
Still don't know what to do?  Hold your dick, shake it and make it hard, find the pussy hole and stick it in there. That's it.
If you are a real man, when was the last time you fucked a woman to satisfaction? Post your comment below!
A real man should be able to fuck his wife for about  45 minutes and that's for the average man. Alright?
How long  does it actually take to take a woman to bed? If you have trouble fucking your wife to satisfaction, I will create  you a pill of resolution very soon.
I want to create  a few sex movies to teach young men how to fuck women how to fuck women and be good at it too. Alright?
If our men don't learn how to play the male role  enough, it will create a problem for young boys to copy the right behavior. Alright?
Good and safe sex is a very good thing for healthy people to do. Never hesitate to give women dick when they need it. Alright?
When women don't get enough dick, they go crazy, they lose their common sense. So we, men, are supposed to give women dick.
Listen to the inner voice of women, they want some dick. Real women need dick.
Once women are naked and see a dick, they are happy.
“I swear to you I won’t stop until your legs are shaking and the neighbors know my name.”- Unknown
“Lets makeout, have sex, cuddle and have a deep talk. Then lets have sex again, go out to eat, then go back home, watch a movie and have sex again.”
“I want you, all of you. I want to feel you inside me, deep inside me. I want you to tell me when you’re going to cum, hear you moan my name and fuck me harder.”
https://t.co/w4SiEIq5SX
https://t.co/HY0rq2CLXN
https://t.co/PPMMNwgad8
https://t.co/PO7DWGqLps
https://t.co/RqYFQc8R2E
The Sound of Silence! https://t.co/7LHMNy0PRl
https://t.co/hX5yh3MzKe
You want to be great, do what great people do.
We invest money to make money to take our woman out as often as we want, buy here everything she needs, take care of our kids beyond expectations, attend concerts.... Alright?
Men  and women need good sex life to be emotionally healthy and well balanced. Alright?
I don't understand how can some people can be so reserved about something they do every night in their bed with wife, partner, fiancee?
If there was nothing else to do to make money, I would spend the rest of my life talking about "pussy and dick". lol
I like to joke about sexuality. It's fun thing to do.
If any man ever abuses a woman in my presence, he would be in  a whole lot of trouble. They are precious and fragile beings worthy of  worthy dicks. lol
Women are the most pleasurable and sweetest apples on earth. They are worth all of our attention and affection. Alright?
We are busy trying to figure how to make money and it looks like a lot of men want use to teach them how to fuck women. What's wrong with these guys?
How many times do I have to say it? Real men must fuck women. No questions asked! Do I have to show you where to put your dick too?
Now, our young men need to learn how fuck women and fuck em good so they can remember them even when they are at war.
Now, When we have a huge responsibility to create market sustainability, fucking pussy is a joke, a kid's game, for my sons to play it.
Even the Presidents want to fuck women by every occasion they get. So market men don't play with pussies, they fuck them.
Every market man wants to stick dicks into pussies by every opportunity they get. So don't be stupid!
The market is made up of dogs only, big dogs, small dogs,  pit bulls. There is a war going on for pussy and money.
Pussy is really good by the way. But when you want to win in the market and not be a liability to your own company, you have to control your dick. Alright?
See? When you want to make money, you have to be hungry for it, gotta want it bad, more than anything else. No wonder why we chase money more than pussy.
When you come on my page, the first question to ask is: Do I want to have a winning attitude to making money?
People with losing minds can never win anything. Because they always talk themselves out of winning to lose.
I want say that. I don't want losers to come on page. If you have a losing mind, please befriend me.
I live in America, the greatest Country in the world besides my sweet little pumpkin and we want people to dream big. lol
You know once I come up on the web, I don't come to bullshit you. I really want to make a difference in your life every time I post something. Alright?
Hello World! This is "Jean-Esdrace Charles" alias "Dr. Money". Welcome to my blog of ultimate wealth and success. Be Strong!
https://t.co/2YSXS3L5qc
"The Charles Family" wishes you all a Happy New Year 2019 and together let's work to make the world a better place for all.
The Sound of Silence! https://t.co/wxrusWfsgs via @YouTube
The Sound of Silence! https://t.co/7LHMNy0PRl
https://t.co/iBL6x4Stev
https://t.co/tUcVP1FCIC
https://t.co/HP5KFc0meO
https://t.co/skOnxXunGf
https://t.co/sOWDumzi5L
My bonds are going strong for those who want to find out more, send me an email to staffingconsultings@gmail.com pending a new platform for transactions.
Jean-Esdrace Charles buys businesses if that makes sense to some of you if you are tired of your company not being profitable with less than 50 millions dollars in annual revenues. Alright?
I buy businesses if you want to sell them. Alright?
Entrepreneurs create for profit ventures to make a profit i.e to make money by selling products/services that consumers want/need. Alright?
https://t.co/N7QJTCK6Dz
https://t.co/u7idq3go6u
https://t.co/UcGntJPU1Q
https://t.co/RnmqyrvdVb
https://t.co/98cm1dwKkN
https://t.co/yZT00zHRkC
https://t.co/fEUTLWJCnI
My IPO is going strong. When we are listed on a major exchange, everyone will be able to buy my stocks very soon or through your brokers.
The "science of making money" is for savvy investors. Alright?
The science of making money is not for losers. It's for market winners who know the worth of money.
People make things but they may not be able to make money. It's a higher skill or just a very different skill.
Making money takes an awful lot of  brain work out to come up with money not just physical exercises.
Creating market sustainability is no easy task for long term and profitable investment and it is not for the amateur and the fool either. It's for the market markers.
I decided to take a closer look at the market after the crash in 2008 where a lot of us were deceived of the market performance.
People need to learn to balance their life a little not to look stupidly busy in  a way to appear dumb. Maintaining control of once's career &amp; workflow are important factors of success to reduce burn out.	#leadership #realestate #ipo #energy #investments
People need learn to balance their life a little not to look stupidly busy in  a way to appear dumb. Maintaining control of once's career &amp; workflow are important.
And other times, I work 16-18 hours a day to get my projects done.
I read over 1000 books every year, 3-4 items on average daily, 5-6 hours a day,  about stocks, reports, Exercise 1 hour daily to stay strong. That's all I need to do to run my company. Alright?
The scientific approach is to try many possibilities and to stick to the best methods that can make our work life easier, not harder.
Life is way too short to worry about all the bullshits people are doing out there. Alright?
People need get up, eat good, exercise and look for work to do daily to invest in their personal success. Alright?
https://t.co/1ijpiPwk5h
https://t.co/Nwe6sZRWYI
https://t.co/wCjR0TjilY
https://t.co/Hr0fdHzEhC
The multibillionaire motion picture is a must watch all over the planet as much as King Charley I.
The Multibillionaire motion picture so far is the best work yet to come in 2020. Alright?
I am working on two movies: King Charley I and the Multibillionaire. So we are very busy like a bee for 2019 plus I have road shows.
All we want is to make a profit on our money other than just being a mere owner with no dividends because the market was bad.
When we started wall street many years ago, many people did not know where to start to invest their money to make a profit.
To invest in the market and win, you have to believe in the market's ability to make you money and follow it's trends of success.
Patience, discipline and hard work are everything when it comes to making money, Especially for investors. Alright?
Jean-Esdrace Charles IPO, IPO IPO. That's  what is happening in our neck of the woods Just let everybody know!
https://t.co/OkMa1MOZtD
Winter is here. It's also a great time to conserve energy and save money by setting our thermostat on 65-70 degree Fahrenheit.
https://t.co/PBY6r3jYGu
https://t.co/4aDv5gddyv
https://t.co/fFpiIX3QJq
https://t.co/pKQwekNLZp
https://t.co/DrN7iZRKHg
https://t.co/BkJVAEQckL
The IPO is going strong. Send email to staffingconsultings@gmail.com for questions.
2019 should be a year of great year of resolution where you say no to procrastination and start investing in your future and enjoy a great life.
Hello everyone! This is Jean-Esdrace Charles' big money blog.
Call your brokers, insurance and banks right now and tell them you know what "I want to put 1,00,000 on" Jean-Esdrace Charles". Do it now!
Making billions of dollars is my goal.
I need big banks, small banks, insurance companies, holding companies, angel investors to buy my bonds and stocks to protect their butt from market collapses.
Money, bonds, and stocks will be the only topics on my page for quite some time now until everyone is sold into my IPO.
People don't mess with my money because I will kick butts and break teeth for my money If I have too. It's hard to make money as it is.
I am creating an exchange center within my company so every shareholder can trade among themselves by buying and selling my shares big time.
When you are serious about making big money, you gotta take risk for it and sound the market to see where it leads you.
There is little room to fuck around when it comes to investing and making money. No fucking time to waste.
Make money in real estate-Energy IPO by investing $1,000,000 or more earning 20% APR 30 year-bond. Send email to staffingconsultings@gmail.com for inquiry!
https://t.co/VN5aiStphh
https://t.co/wePkme4XvL
https://t.co/CZVmzuIPUn
https://t.co/PCgUgwcUp2
https://t.co/72PA21UGDY
https://t.co/fTz4rZa23E
https://t.co/S5cEnIe1tm
https://t.co/5xIGj5inPo
https://t.co/wRtjHalAME
https://t.co/QGV80F13wY
https://t.co/dVE9RYr6d3
https://t.co/nKzFNGUwFA
https://t.co/B7o4XhFJXX
https://t.co/3oY5npifd3
https://t.co/uiWBK0sAQ7
https://t.co/GhWm8GrYNc
https://t.co/kB2pErjkHq
When my company starts offering stocks to the public, the whole planet will know about it to take a look into it. Because you know me. I want you to make money.
When you want to make money in the market , you have to be focused. Otherwise, you start losing money.
Besides investing money heavily in real estate and different industries in the market, we make make movies.
The" King Charley movie series" is one of the motion pictures I am writing among many other ones and I believe that you will be amazed when it comes out.
With  $750, you may get registered for a chance to win a brand new car, fury coat, luxury ring on the red carpet of excellence. https://t.co/IgIhUzkKgv
https://t.co/pZ2pyaregI
https://t.co/BHU7OBkZ2q
Promoting pure science of excellence in the creation of our products is sine qua non to increase market sustainability.
According to CNN and CNBC, December ended the crappiest quarter in a 10 -year period for certain key market players. 2019 is here, let's slap ourselves in the butt and wake our ass up.
A wall is a great project to partially seal certain borders. It will give the US and Mexico more control to create smooth &amp; comprehensive immigration policies.
https://t.co/ZEN4XAjucs
https://t.co/t2BE55jOrG
https://t.co/UHDr2s6APk
https://t.co/ulDkaQvGLl
https://t.co/OvxNpGzJHc
https://t.co/vfejf5fCLA
https://t.co/G78px9y9WT
https://t.co/oNIYrhiCPw
https://t.co/O9yrcqW4Sb
Check this out! https://t.co/05FayOL1hF
Check this out! https://t.co/w9lYdgyCwv
https://t.co/omQRPfsYdN
Check this out! https://t.co/GXCR6TFMaR
https://t.co/c2DvLgdAGm
https://t.co/asrKagybbd
https://t.co/IWTQWY2wSs
https://t.co/SyWu3Bzgkx
https://t.co/ug2uGFxIFQ
https://t.co/Gp2jns4DDU
https://t.co/2I72hlmtrG
https://t.co/V4SQBjnwxa
https://t.co/R6l8ndqhYy
https://t.co/DdQ7ZZ68E3
I have great motion pictures in the cooking  to attract a global audience. These projects are consuming millions and millions of dollars to run profitably
https://t.co/O4MNmMhn7x
When I have some free time, I will teach you some meditation techniques in some of my personal sessions with yoga, tai chi, Transcendental meditations...
I need to focus on the money making business side of the affairs of the world and not so much on it's spirituality. Alright?
https://t.co/IwBY8iJ075
I also believe Christians, Catholics just like every other religion ought to be free to worship peacefully everywhere on Earth. Alright?
I like all the religions and all the faiths of the world and I take no side. Everyone should be free to worship whatever they please as long as they don't infringe on liberty.
Sometimes I want to dance some voodoo I swear to Lucifer!
https://t.co/P5n8lQOycq
https://t.co/BugLXQs84t
I said that before" I can never guarantee market conditions and make false and misleading promises but I can promise to work my butt off to be profitable no matter what.
Investing money in the market is big business. My bonds offer investors options to choose a winner who's not out to gamble with investing money. Alright?
Choosing winning stocks, bonds versus losing stocks make all the difference when it comes to making money in the stock market. We have to be serious to win.
I don't like " Ti bobot" IPO. I like " Gwo bobot IPO.  Get ready!
I am going to remove a " Ti bobot IPO and replace it by a " Gwo Bobot" IPO!
I am going to dump the mini IPO in the trash can to run a MEGA and Global IPO where every nation can buy. Get ready! Coming up soon!
I am going to buy some of the London based companies to see how good they are.
I put money in some of the leading start ups that were very promising and they never let me down because they had a sound management for the most part.
I always buy the best stocks on the Markets. I invest in winners, not losers.
Monday  was the worst day that the market has ever had in 10 year according to CNN. We're are very optimist that 2019 will be winner for many segments of Wall Street!
So you get up in the morning, do work by putting hours on clock and numbers on the board and there you go. You got money!!!!!lol
As you know, there is absolutely no freedom without money in your bank account or your pocket. The Emperor is naked on Wall Street!
.As you know, there is no freedom without money in your pocket or your bank account
Enjoy the Soup and Independence Day. It feels good to be free at last
Share with your friends! Happy New Year 2019! https://t.co/lGscqGL8aw
Share with your friends! Happy New Year 2019! https://t.co/mDXulB49oq
Share with your friends! Happy New Year 2019! https://t.co/R2pBJo0nnV
Share with your friends! Happy New Year 2019! https://t.co/KO94hNRfUr
Share with your friends! Happy New Year 2019! https://t.co/OwOpJpAzvs
Share with your friends! Happy New Year 2019! https://t.co/6h41gpajMv
Share with your friends! Happy New Year 2019! https://t.co/gQticnOOKW
Share with your friends! Happy New Year 2019! https://t.co/dsiPgdmXhL
Share with your friends! Happy New Year 2019! https://t.co/cGkXeIl8Uj
Share with your friends! Happy New Year 2019! https://t.co/EKmNDUIMOy
Share with your friends! Happy New Year 2019! https://t.co/gX3FEntBWu
Share with your friends! Happy New Year 2019! https://t.co/oCuayYLX5c
Share with your friends! Happy New Year 2019! https://t.co/Mtn2Ypf7zf
Share with your friends! Happy New Year 2019! https://t.co/bkm3bGD0T8
Share with your friends! Happy New Year 2019! https://t.co/EmQKFtBoPd
Share with your friends! Happy New Year 2019! https://t.co/N6ClSQGzP6
Share with your friends! Happy New Year 2019! https://t.co/7uDOMsqW6x
Share with your friends! Happy New Year 2019! https://t.co/iJ39dIDw19
Share with your friends! Happy New Year 2019! https://t.co/2jnNzEYd6Q
Share with your friends! Happy New Year 2019! https://t.co/oewrFCMElE
Happy New Year 2019 everyone! I hope you are ready to be great &amp; excellent in everything that you do this year. Health, wealth, longevity, prosperity to everyone and much success in your career path. Be strong!	#leadership #longevity #prosperity
The my real estate IPO bonds are going for $1000 and minimum is 10 20%  10-year bonds. I will get you get  a better platform for you to add money soon. Send me an interest email at staffingconsultings@gmail.com.	#realestate #energy #investments Banking
The my real estate IPO bonds are going for $1000 and minimum is 10 20%  10-year bonds. I will get you get  a better platform for you to add money soon. Send me an interest email at staffingconsultings@gmail.com.
Entry fee : $750 per contestant. Get these pretty ladies for a moment ot remember. Send email to staffingconsultings@gmail.com to obtain link to pay. https://t.co/1vVmCtLv71
Avoid all the negativism of the environment and focus on doing the right thing regardless of circumstances.
2019, we are going hard. Harder than ever before to create a market share and attract the best investors and keep making money.
Pure  science is what we promote in the our businesses globally for excellent products.
Treat the seniors, kids, handicapped people with dignity. I approve this message!
In the course of doing business, people need to treat others with dignity.
I have some pretty lucrative real estate IPO bond products right now for everyone who truly wants to make  money. $1000  for each 20% 10 year- bond by block of 10 for each order. Email Staffingconsultings@gmail.com.	#realestate #energy  #ipo  #investments Banking
I have some pretty lucrative real estate IPO bond products right now for everyone who truly wants to make  money. $1000  for each 20% 10 year- bond by block of 10 for each order. Email Staffingconsultings@gmail.com.
My messages are geared to attract the decision makers in the economy, the investors.
Now, enough said about me. People don't like people boast about themselves too much. Right?
My top priority is to make money. Fattening my bottom line has to be incarnated in every manager's blueprint globally whether you ever get to see me or not.
This brand new  brand, "Jean-Esdrace Charles", will be a number one seller globally.
Now, "Jean-Esdrace Charles" is becoming some of the hottest products on the market from real estate to electronics, high tech hot toys, cosmetics, pharmaceuticals, energy, banking  and more.
We're going to have many other brands. Alright?
" Jean-Esdrace Charles" being a brand, is being made public with an  IPO.
The https://t.co/kvhNtYoPvf and "Jean-Esdrace Charles" are throwing a global IPO in 2019 and beyond.
Most certainly, if you don't know what the fuck you are doing, let someone else deal with it, for you. Ok?
The market is not a place to come and play games. If you don't understand or know what you are doing, you are certainly going to lose money. Alright?
Get rid of all mental blocks that prevents you from being able to see the future with optimism and confidence.
Remember, my bonds and stocks are going hard in 2019 and beyond!
I am creating a place where all my shareholders can trade freely, buy bonds, stocks and other commodities as well to make the market strong.
300 billion dollars real estate budget is on the table to build properties and start getting things done.
We are probably going to push to raise about 15 billion dollars and that should do.
We are working very hard to bring you  this IPO in format that is workable and easy to follow.
You can send me information, concern, comments, suggestions, questions about any of my business activities. I will answer you on twitter, email, facebook, linkedin. Ight?
As you know, the market never sleeps at wall street just as some of our plants and businesses stay open 24/7 365 a year.
Who would believe that 2018  went by so fast? Happy New Year everyone and I hope you are going to have all the success that 2019 can bring.
IPO, IPO, IPO: Patience, discipline, investment and hard work= Reward=Money= Profits. invest in my bonds to earn real money at the right time. https://t.co/IfTf4b097w
Building a multi trillion dollar portfolio is not something I can build overnight. It takes patience, discipline and my personal ability and expertise to seize on opportunity. https://t.co/IfTf4b097w
Churches, faith groups, non profits can buy my bonds to make  some money, to earn some of my money. https://t.co/IfTf4b097w
Banks, insurance companies, holding companies, trading companies, The US Government, Foreign government can buy my bonds and make a profits. https://t.co/GSZ7AOe5FD
What you are looking at here on this page is an empire being built to strengthen Wall Street and invest  in a global environment to create wealth. https://t.co/40U9Gx3lH5
Would you rather invest your money in a market crasher's fund or in a market builder's fund? Comment sense? Right? https://t.co/dlTt5ajmIx
See, we have several kind of money makers. We have market crashers and market builders. https://t.co/GSZ7AOe5FD
Even losers can protect themselves by investing in my bonds if they are true money makers. Alright? https://t.co/GSZ7AOe5FD
As a market guru,  I am learning from the greatest, the best every day to create my trillion dollar portfolio by 2045.
1974, Buffet decided to jump on the market and invested money in the sock market after a great period of recession and while many people did not understand what he was doing, he has managed to build his empire by following principles.
Listen, the market is a very fragile place to put money into if you don't know what you are doing. That's why I am a market leader to show you the way. We have great market leaders and investors like Buffet, Graham who have taught many how to make the market work for you.
Receive 1 million dollars for each million dollars you add to my real estate IPO-bonds. Send me an email for more details at staffingconsultings@gmail.com and no phone calls!	#realestate
Receive 1 million dollars for each million dollars you add to my real estate IPO-bonds. Send me an email for more details at staffingconsultings@gmail.com and no phone calls!
Coming to big screen and theaters in 2019! https://t.co/FR5f3MFwq5
Gift: I will match your investment dollar for dollar ($1 for $1) if you invest 1 million dollars or more by December 31. Send me an email to staffingconsultings@gmail.com. No calls please!	#realestate
Gift: I will match your investment dollar for dollar ( $1 for $1) if you invest 1 million dollars or more by December 31. Send me an email to staffingconsultings@gmail.com. No calls please!
Investing in my bonds and stocks is like soaking on a honey stick that never ends.
Investing in my real estate bonds is like a fresh juice within your throat.
I shall never condone mediocrity within my doors.
All those who invest with me with money and even in thought in my companies will receive their fair share of the cake when we throw the party.
I want to make sure that everyone who ever work with one of my companies feel at home where they can work hard and play hard while making me money.
I want to create a global market share where people of all races and nationalities can feel welcome to produce and receive a fair wage and benefits.
I want to invest money in nations that want to treat their people right, those who want to make the  difference that we all long for.
I want to invest money in Countries where people want to work and make me money.
We have so many nations that have been impoverished because their people sit on their ass and do nothing to change their lives.
I took a big risk when I started to invest money in business ventures but I know that hard work will pay off.
When I open the meeting room to auction out my bonds, jump on them. They are the good ones.
Do you want to retire and have to take on a job because you are broke? You did not prepare for it. Unprepared people pay the consequences.
The qualified few who will buy my bonds, stocks, options and futures will be set for life.
I don't have time for small minded people who don't know how to seize opportunity when it is offered to them.
In  25 years, we are going to have a multi trillion dollar portfolio in global assets and you don't want to miss on that. If you become broke, it's not my fault.
I need you to place a call to your broker if you have one and tell them to bet 10 millions dollars on "Jean-Esdrace Charles".
Listen to me good now, I am an industrial and I am not kidding you. I have seen people lose money year after year in stocks that are not productive and profitable.
With Jean-Esdrace Charles and his ventures, we are showing you a clear path to make money without having to sweat for it.  Just sit in front of your PC and watch your money grow.
It's hard enough to make money unless you can steal it, embezzle it or rape people off. When that happens, your butt is on fire when you get caught.
2019, my team and I will hit the road to pitch investors, the good ones.
A lot of bucket bond dealers will fill you with a bunch of craps to take 5 millions from you and they sit on their butt and eat up the money. You have no return!
A lot of bucket bond dealers will fill you with a bunch of craps to take 5 millions from you and they sit on their butt and eat up the money.
One of the best sources of wealth is the real estate industry.  But you need to know who to invest with, where to put your money to obtain a fair return on your investment.
Listen to me good now, I am going to take you from A thru Z and show you step by step how to invest in real estate bonds  that can earn you money.
Sometimes you invest in junk bonds, junk stocks and you don't make money because you don't learn the hard working money makers who can make your money work for you.
Those who want to make money, real money, big money will invest in my bonds.
Every market requires serious investors who are willing to incur the risk and the cost of productions to make money. Ight?
Invest in my my bonds to reap the profits of the real estate market.
I hope you woke up on your strong foot this morning and get things done to start feeling wealthy.
Hello, world! Welcome to my twitter blog and be ever merry and happy!
When you buy my bonds and stocks in the future, I will make it easy for you to trade  and show you how to manage your investment  step by step.
2019 is coming around, If you want 20 million dollars, 50 million dollars, 150 millions worth of bonds, get ready to take your certificate to your treasury box. Alright?
When I take my IPO to the roads, I need bankers, insurance companies and holding representatives to come ready to get things done.
When you come to my road shows, decide how much money you want to make and how much you want invest.
Bond dealers are hungry for money. They don't have time to play with no one. Otherwise they don't eat.
I did not create a company to play with people. I created a company to make money by providing great products and services.
Now, when I open my mouth and say" my Bonds", get ready to show me dollars.
Money business is blood business. Some people say it is the root of all evil.
Money business is a huge responsibility that no average men can bear.
When you are money maker, you don't play with money matters.
Now , listen to me good! Everything I do is 100% legit.
Keep watching my bonds because prices go up and down as the rates go up  and down. When the market gives a good rate, jump on it to take it.
No one in my foundation is going to fuck with second hand products. Alright!
Here, we are talking about people who want to invest money to make money.
If you have got money, we have somewhere to  put it. Don't get me wrong. We can use all monies whatsoever.
My foundation does not need things. We can make things and we can buy them if we need for the people. Alright?
If you want to donate money, check a link to my foundation. They will care of your cash donations.
If you put your money in companies, businesses that have no reputation, no online presence and credibility and no records that they can make money. You lose!
When you want to buy good stocks and bonds, find out if the bond dealer has online presence like myself.
If you really want to make money, do your goddamn homework. Find out if people are legitimate businessmen and women.
Good stocks will make money but bad stocks stink.
Businesses should work hand in hand with law enforcement to keep our communities peaceful.
Earn 4% APR on my $10, 000 or more real estate bonds. Send an email to staffingconsultings@gmail  to receive my debenture. No phone call please. Let us call you!
No one can guarantee profits in bear market conditions but we can promise to work our butt off and make money and distribute dividends and interests by making sound decisions.
No one can guarantee profits in bear market conditions but we can promise to work our butt off and to make money and distribute dividends and interests by making sound decisions.
My bank can revive more economies in the global market environment and create more jobs  while keeping  a profitable balance in every business I own.
I can do a better job than most bankers in the wold without  looking at them as my competition.
I a world filled with greed. It's best that everybody put their money in my bank.
300 billions dollars is not a lot of money. Trust me!
My budget for real estate is 300 billions dollars total.
I need those who expect to invest money to get money.
I need people who are mad serious about making money.
I will room for some of the smallest investors to add money and get a good deal if there is a chance. Alright?
Those of you who receive invitations, get ready to roll.  2019, I am going to set the roads on fire to get money and make money to get things done.
I need bidders to come up with 5 millions, 10 millions, 20 millions, 150 millions dollars or more to get the best deals.
I need investors, good ones. During road shows, I will auction out some these bonds to the highest bidders.
From this IPO, I expect to raise 500 million dollars minimum.
My IPO is still going strong and stronger than ever before.
To make money, one must invest money. Alright?
My motion  picture business is going strong. The King Charley Movie Series will hit the big Screen before you know it.
The movie is going strong! https://t.co/PsQ5619ihL
https://t.co/rwO7DEqnoo
I am still giving 20% APR to buy 10 real estate convertible 1000-bonds for $10,000 or more.	https://t.co/3DEPrcN8k0
Indiegogo is too weak to host my IPO. I am going to put you in something Wall Street like  so we can get business done and start getting things done.
We are to get a better platform if needed to upload your investment money according to SEC regulations we can't use separate platforms at the same time.
We are hiring IPO Managers. Send resume to staffingconsultings@gmail.com and see how we can you started.
Now, I don't have a lot of time to waste when we have money on the  line, deadlines to meet. I need my IPOs to be a success with people who want to take risk with me. Alright?
Listen, I am in business to make money and I want to make you money. I want to pave a better tomorrow for all those who have taken risks with me.
As the US Government is easing relationships with more Countries, so will we grow into new territories to build wealth for my company and my shareholders.
Building brand new properties take big money in the trillions of dollars.
I am going to invest big money in real estate housing, incomes properties, mining commodities to create jobs and generate profits.
I shall offices all over the US and all over the globe by 2025.
I am an entrepreneur  with start ups in North Carolina, Florida, California, and New York. Soon, we will be expanding to more states as revenues grow.
One of the toughest jobs a man can have is to raise capital or money.
Welcome everyone to my world class blog for a global audience to purchase my bonds, stocks and much more.
Does Haiti have a group of terrorists emerging down there? Why are they attacking legitimate people?
With us, everything is world-class. Beauty contest is going on for those who qualify. Entry fee: $750. Send message to staffingconsultings@gmail.com to obtain payment link.
Get your feet on the Red Carpet in one of the most beautiful and elegant ballrooms in the world with just $750, entry fee. Send message to obtain Payment link. https://t.co/mJBAERuCFE
We are hiring real estate agents, brokers. Send email to staffingconsultings@gmail.com. No phone calls please.	#realestate
Now, if you dig into your savings account and see $20,000 or more, pull your debit card and click below to buy 20 1000-bonds today to earn 4 grand every year for 10 years. Click below to add money now!	https://t.co/3DEPrcN8k0
Within the next 30 years, I am going to invest 300 billions dollars in income properties globally to create affordable housing for all.	https://t.co/3DEPrcN8k0
With only $10,000 or more, you can own my convertible  20% APR 10-year real estate bond . Click below to add money to receive your certificate.	https://t.co/3DEPrcN8k0
I have 30 years of big business, big projects ahead of me and I need every single being to partner with me to get things done. 	https://t.co/3DEPrcN8k0
How is the big global family? Welcome to my Twitter blog! Merry Christmas everybody!
Earn 20% APR when you invest $10,000 or more onto my real estate fund by December 25,2018 to receive your certificate. Contact  us at staffingconsultings@gmail.com for more info. https://t.co/3DEPrcN8k0
Started a small business and want to keep up with payroll and paperwork? We can help. Send email to staffingconsultings@gmail.com with subject line: Payroll or Bookkeeping! https://t.co/EwU0xYgwGf
Want to make sure your accounting is right and get ready for the IRS tax season every year? We can help, send email to staffingconsultings@gmail.com with subject line: Audit Services. https://t.co/sDk5xReZa0
It's very positive to listen to Christmas carols during this season. Be strong! https://t.co/crax6wXU6u
Retiring or getting old or unable  to handle your money, assets, properties? We can help! Send email to staffingconsultings@gmail.com  with subject line: Asset  Management. https://t.co/S3Nd9wkJo4
Let say you go into your savings account and invest only $10,000 on my 10 year bond with a 20% APR, paid annually to you, you'll receive $2,000 every fucking year up to the 10th year, plus your $ 10,000. Just 10 grand.
Let say you go to your savings and invest only $10,000 on my 10 year bond with a 20% APR, paid annually you, you receive $2,000 every fucking  up to 10 year, plus your $ 10,000.
You don't want broke ass people, broke minded people to come run your life and tell youhow to live your life. Guess What? If your brain does not tell you to invest in my bonds, you lose.
One my page, I want to teach you how to make money by investing, investing in what? In my bonds, my stocks, and anything else I am doing. Ight?
Today, we have one thousand different ways to make money and still be a success.
Since I was a little, my Father thought me I had to work with my hands, my brain in order to make money.
To make money, you can either do one or two things: You work your butt off to earn it, save and invest your money.
All of people will tell a bunch of craps to get your money and they don't do shit with your money to get you a fair return  on your investment.
I need people who want and are able to take risk in my business while expecting a fair return for their investment.
I need people who want to prepare for a better tomorrow, those who do not want to be dependent upon government aid or assistance.
I am going to dig into mother Earth and get some of the best minerals it ever had to offer for global distribution and make money.
No one can live without making money and save for retirement, at least, if you are responsible a person.
Nothing is more important than giving people jobs, a wage or salary.
When you buy my convertible bonds, you qualify to own a piece of the company.
I will share our profits with our employees based on performance and contribution to company success.
Those who can't affrd to buy my stocks or bonds yet, will be able to buy our 401 (K) to put money for retirement and I will match it dollar for dollar.
People will have great insurance packages with health benefits to choose their plan and their doctor.
All these projects will create many jobs to give people financial freedom.
I will be building at least one mall in each major city in the world. Big money!
By 2025, I will have undertaken my global real estate acquisition to own at least one Hotel in each major city in the world.
The Florida high rise hotels will be built around the same time in the attraction areas of Florida to receive our guests from everywhere.
Charlesville is a Multi billion dollar project. Big money! I expect to begin with its construction very soon in late 2019-2020.
Charlesville is not going to be in Florida. But I have many other more important projects for Florida, the sunrise state.
In the near future, I will glad to say "Happy Charlesville Days" to our guests and visitors from all over the world.
We urge all scientists everywhere to check our water supplies and reserves more carefully. I see some irregularities in some sources,  I don't like it. Alright?
I want to bring innovation to California, South and North Dakota, New York, Florida, North Carolina and many other states in the Union. Alright?
Florida is a beautiful state with so much to see, so much to do. I want people to visit it and see how much it's been improved. I am not the governor. lol
I don't take great pleasure in handing you things when I can show how to buy them from me. Alright?
I don't come on Twitter, Facebook, Linkedin to hand you my money. I want to help you earn some of my money to get rich.
I want to talk, chat to people who can pull credit cards, debit cards and invest money by taking  a risk with me. A big risk for a big return.
My words are limited because I am capital raiser. That's what I do.
20% APR to anyone who invests $10,000 or more by December 25 to fund my income generating properties globally.		https://t.co/F9xWcwLWDI https://t.co/sagcxIevxR
Now,k if you are a woman, you need to fuck with me.  If you are a man, you need to invest in my company or work for me. It's that simple.
I am going to drill oil, gas and many other minerals to make money.
I am going to invest in gold, silver, platinum, uranium, plutonium, vanadium, Diamond and special stones to make money.
I am a mighty builder. I am going to build income generating properties in the US and all around the globe to make money, big money.
I own an investment banking corporation, brand new, to make global investment and build businesses globally to  make money and help people.
I own my company and I deal bonds, stocks, futures, options. Alright?
When I offer a good rate, you don't take it, that makes me think you don't know what you want.
I don't need people who want to merely survive around me. I want those who want to make it big to become millionaires, billionaires. Alright?
10 years from now, do you want to depend on your pay check to survive? Guess, they will fire your ass to get younger faces to do your job at a cheaper cost.
Your medicare, your SSI will not be enough to get your butt out of trouble.
If you don't not want to retire broke, you ought to to do something about it.
It takes money to make money.
When I come online, I don't come to chit chat or try to bullshit people, I ain't got time for that. I wish I did. I am attracting those who want to bet money to make money. Ight?
I need people who are serious about making money. The risk takers, the ventures people who can afford to bet $10,000, $1,000,000, $25,000,000 to make money.
2019 is coming around and I will be raising capital via a mini IPO to fund our real estate projects and be sure to be a part of it.
Enjoy the season!
https://t.co/3woosRKa3I
O Lucifer! What the fuck are these people thinking about?
Add $10,000 or more and  get 20 % APR for those who know what that means. Ongoing projects: Charlesville, Florida High rise Hotel, other real estate luxury housing projects throughout the US and Globally. Alright? 		Add money now o…https://t.co/fiDY9rqOzd https://t.co/sagcxIevxR
"The King Charley Movie Series" will make a huge impact on the global market. It will create many jobs not just for the local market but the global market. I am pretty confident that it will be a success. So support what we are doing by participating in e…https://t.co/WVwdcxRMhf
Enjoy this Charlesville Christmas Music!	Noel A Montreal kareoke https://t.co/BEzlgAwII2 via @YouTube
Enjoy this Charlesville Christmas music! https://t.co/crax6wXU6u
I need a few qualified individuals who have knowledge in the area of securities sales, securities representatives. We are hiring. Send your resumes to: Staffingconsultings@gmail.com. No phone calls please!
Christmas is beautiful a season. Be beautiful! https://t.co/crax6wXU6u
You want to make money? Buy my fucking bonds and add money now!	https://t.co/3DEPrcN8k0
People  are stupid, idiots, dumb ass motherfuckers!
I am showing people how to make the simple way, no body moves as if I was talking to a bunch of idiots.
Enjoy this season  everyone!
Happy Holiday everybody!
Earn 20% APR when you add $10,000  or more on this fund by December 25, Click below to add money!	https://t.co/F9xWcwLWDI https://t.co/sagcxIevxR
Everything is still under control.
https://t.co/hLFtXbkpJU
https://t.co/v265bF1AdK
Jean-Esdrace Charles IPO: Real Estate Investment https://t.co/3DEPrcN8k0
https://t.co/QQfR9JccD3
https://t.co/nriJduqM1q
We need honest people who want to work hard and earn their money, not embezzle our companies or the people using corrupt and illicit practices, bribery or any type of fraudulent activities. We believe in our marketing ability to make consumers buy our pro…https://t.co/StK5wujz8P
In my companies, I don't take bulshits from no body. Alright?
We need a sustainable Wall Street and a very stable global economy where we can do honest and genuine profitable dealings where our shareholders can earn dividends.
My brain is not wired to work in your companies. I have more than enough to keep me busy until I die.
I want to increase home ownership globally with affordable housing. People need to secure employment for payment. Alright?
Charlesville: People who work hard deserve to have a place where they can rest their legs, mind, soul and body and play harder than ever before.
Charlesville is going to be one of the top destinations for tourism in the world where people can come in year after year.
When you love what do and you do it well enough, rewards just keep coming to ya. Alright?
A purposeful person begins to be wealthy by developing the right attitude about money. Alright?
It does not take a man or woman to do bad deeds, it takes one to do good deeds. Alright?
Keep out dishonest, unscrupulous, double-dealing, fraud, fraudulent, misconduct, crime, criminal, wrongdoing; bribery, venality, extortion, profiteering, payola; informal, graft, grift, crookedness, sleaze	"political corruption". Alright?
Remember, we need a sustainable market for a sustainable economy.
We call for honest dealing in business globally. Alright?
I am a money guru, market maker, wealth creator, a real investor. Receive 20% APR when you add $10,000 or more on this convertible real estate fund. Start building wealth with Jean-Esdrace Charles. Add money now!		https://t.co/F9xWcwLWDI https://t.co/sagcxIevxR
I am a money guru, a market marker, a wealth creator, a global real estate investor. Receive 20% APR if you buy $10,000 or more worth of my 10-year bonds by 12/25/18. Click now! 	https://t.co/3DEPrcN8k0
https://t.co/5LVrftogBs
https://t.co/vWIDypHDdv
Now, what we have on the table are the following: I need to start building Charlesville entertainment village and  a Florida High rise hotel and resort, these will bring close to 35 billions dollars in annual revenues with 2 to 3 b…https://t.co/as7MjkmwUn https://t.co/sagcxIevxR
That's the reason that I want to make my money work for me so I can achieve these goals. So should you!
I want to have enough money for my home, my car, my vacation, sending gifts to families and friends and feel that it is burden.
Do you want to retire broke? I know that I don't want to lack money when I get old. I don't want to have to worry about how I am going to pay my mortgage or my car. Alright?
When you retire, you want to have  over 1 millions dollars on your account if you are someone like me. Alright?
We need to start building Charlesville, Florida High rise Hotel and resorts, and begin more housing projects in the US and worldwide to make money. Get 20% APR on $10,000 or more..	https://t.co/3DEPrcN8k0
From the United Stated to the rest of the world, I want to get our end of year greetings ready for all of you out there and I urge you to remain positive.
We need every single living being to mindful and participate at their level in what we are doing all over the globe.
Come on now, we need to get set up 2019 through 2025 road shows ready and we are going to be busy raising money and making money.
I am a zillionaire. You think about that!
A great man who has lived up to his 102nd birthday and made a great impact in the movie industry is just amazing. Happy Birthday Kirk Douglas!
Christmas Gift: Add $10,000 or more to this fund by Decmber 25 and receive 20% APR return on your money. ~~~ Click Below to add money.		https://t.co/3DEPrcN8k0 https://t.co/3DEPrcN8k0
Christmas gift:  Add $10,000 or more to this real estate fund and receive a return of 20% APR on a 10-year bond. ~~~~~~ Click Below to add money now!		https://t.co/F9xWcwLWDI https://t.co/sagcxIevxR
I would to make you a gift for Christmas. Are you ready?
https://t.co/JWvf9JXW3b
https://t.co/JpAmJW5h2y
https://t.co/5ZtriPrR5X
https://t.co/tFLXpXnibp
Share with your friends! https://t.co/dQA7xn7Ppe
Share with your friends! https://t.co/3WoAOSyUop
Share with your friends! https://t.co/73HsBn5Jy6
https://t.co/soZrMM34Zz
ZOOM0006 https://t.co/RJbL3gdSbd
Old music still sounds as new!	ZOOM0006 https://t.co/VCfRuwKED6 via @YouTube
Old music still sounds as new! https://t.co/RJbL3gdSbd
ZOOM0006 https://t.co/VCfRuwKED6 via @YouTube
Share this Christmas serenade with your friends as you enjoy the holiday!	Noel A Montreal kareoke https://t.co/BEzlgAwII2 via @YouTube
Play this Christmas serenade as you work, play or wherever you are. Have a positive day and share with your friends! https://t.co/crax6wXU6u
Get 9% APR by December 31 on my bonds. Click below	https://t.co/3DEPrcN8k0
We are all in this thing called life together. We can't get away with that fact. We must be accountable for everyone's success in one way or another by encouraging mankind to give their very best.
When others believe that you can't do shit, it's time to slap yourself in the butt and get up to do something positive for you and the community.
Humanity is beautiful. Let's strive to keep it that way. When we put our talents and skills to work for a prosperous economic environment, it is very pleasing, indeed.
https://t.co/1rBISugDTU
A wall is also more jobs.
It's more important to have high skilled man and women secure the border to stop terrorists  and a wall will make things easier.
A wall is enhanced security and protects our territories. If our territories and our people are threatened by terrorists, a wall is ok but border patrol needs to be reinforced.
The very next movie I am going to cast will cost an approximate of $400,000,000 to hit the big screen and attracting a worldwide audience. It will be  90 to 120 minutes of amazing scenes and great actions with some of the best characters in the industry.…https://t.co/Q2uKWfUMow
This movie will be rated R as it will contain some sexual, violent contents and viewer discretion will be advised. But it will be a good ass movie. I bet ya!  This movie will cost approximately $400,000,000 just to... https://t.co/CI1oW4WspZ
A small but strong and effective government setting the ground for freedom is better than a big, nosy and ineffective government.
The government needs to cut spending for all NVAW within the federal assistance programs to save money and reduce the national debt and the budget deficit.
Medicaid &amp; other government funded plans are always going to be there for the people to use as a stepping stone.
I might create an insurance company in the near future to provide for healthcare coverage to give people choices.
I call for a complete and total repeal of the Obamacare and replace it with something that let people buy their own insurance through their employers.
As a matter of fact, the government needs to cut budget and reduce federal assistance to a minimum, on a need basis.
People who can't work, who don't want to work don't deserve to get insurance. We are not using tax money to pay insurance for people who are not producing.
People who need insurance are hardworking people who need to get back on their feet to get work.
Did they repeal the Obamacare already? I don't watch politics much these days. I just read the headlines.
Is Trump care the continuation of Obamacare?
The government needs to repeal the Obamacare and give people choices to buy their insurance through their employers. My company will provide health insurance for my employees.
Hardworking people don't need the government to buy them insurance. Alright?
What wrong could have Trump done to deserve such a harsh sentence? A Death sentence is a shameful way for a great man to die. Are you kidding me?
https://t.co/9h77fmJMaD
Besides our real estate investment IPO home and commercial properties building main business, we offer services to your business in various areas of Venture Capital, IPOs, wealth management, training, coaching,... https://t.co/8MJnkBvWzE
Besides our real estate investment IPO home and commercial properties building main business, we offer services to your business in various areas of Venture Capital, IPOs, wealth management, training, coaching, speaker, beauty pageant, talent management,…https://t.co/VQ7itNFFMs
My company will address and provide solutions for many global issues from affordable housing to  alternative energy, industrial and next generation e-products, tourism and entertainment.
My stocks will run about $100 per share and may be purchased by blocks of 100 per investor.
Once I come up in the air, on the web, TV, my road shows, the topics will be geared toward attracting buyers for my bonds and stocks. Alright?
Wherever you see my stocks &amp; bonds, you jump on them like a tiger. Don't be stupid! Alright?
Buy my bonds &amp; stocks and get ready to be rich. Find out how. Many will lose the chance to buy and as a result, they become broke. Alright?
$750, miss galaxy beauty pageant. Send me an email so you can send your participation fee. https://t.co/AmBG7RMVvB
If one thinks of one's misery every day and not find ways to improve one's circumstances, things stay the same.
Wealth building is process that requires thinking patterns that gear toward prosperity. Alright?
Great performers build wealth and keep wealth. Anyone can be a great performer if one practices one's things. Alright?
Building wealth begins within and comes out in the forms of things. Performing well in any capacity secures wealth building. Alright?
It's a sweet thing to know how and when to build wealth and secure freedom.
I want to make sure not just white people or Asians have access to mortgages and affordable housing but all people of color and minorities globally.
Home ownership is one of the first steps in building sustainable wealth and when you invest in my company, you build wealth in two ways.
Ensuring home ownership means people need to learn how to keep a job and make payments on time on their mortgages.
I want to ensure that every family on the globe has a place to dwell, a place called home.
I want to make increasing home ownership a top priority on my list within the next 30 years.
Get in the spirit of the occasion and enjoy this Christmas serenade. Real estate is a good way to start making money. Invest in my real estate project!	https://t.co/3DEPrcN8k0	Noel A Montreal kareoke https://t.co/BEzlgAwII2 via @YouTube
Get in the spirit of the occasion and enjoy this Christmas serenade. Real estate is a good way to start making money. Invest in my real estate project!	https://t.co/3DEPrcN8k0 https://t.co/O0GGgtXw1X
Christmas gift for you: 9 % APR valid thru 12/31 10PM est. Click below to add money at that rate. Alright?	https://t.co/3DEPrcN8k0
I will plant at least 20 banks in Russia, 20 in China, 20 in India and at least 5-7 others in countries across Asia, Europe and Africa to create sustainable wealth.
Home ownership is a major undertaking in real estate and as builder, I want you to know the 7 benefits to it.	1. Build wealth over time	2. Great tax benefits	3. Equity increase... https://t.co/6udoUmpsxd
"The provinces are flourishing and trades are better off than they were 2 years ago amidst the empire undergoing a mild depression. Market shares are being expanded increased in values for many of our ventures."- Extract from The King Charley Movie... https://t.co/wjeWT3qFNe
Enjoy this Christmas serenade. Share with your friends!	Noel A Montreal kareoke https://t.co/BEzlgAwII2 via @YouTube
Enjoy a Christmas serenade. Share with your friends! https://t.co/crax6wXU6u
Movies are fun things to do. I like making movies more than other things. My dream job is making movies after movies for the rest of my life. Although I have many plants for oversee and at times be hand on on some... https://t.co/d0vAwTvMxH
I am creating a national bank with international branches all around the globe to service mankind.
If I can take all the money of the earth and put it in my bank, I will be glad to do it too.
If someone or an entity wants to make a gift of 1,000,000 dollars or more to me, I will be glad to take that. Alright?
https://t.co/fE2yrkxoUo
https://t.co/joe4RuhOnm
Never attempt to donate money , although I will take the money either way, to Jean-Esdrace Charles. Alright?
You can only buy " Jean-Esdrace Charles" as a bond or a stock. Period!
I doing capital raising , not fundraising. Alright?
I want to make it clear for you. I don't need hand outs from you in any form whatsoever. Alright?
We have a bunch of major real estate specific projects under way: office buildings,The Florida High rise hotel Resorts, some Charlesville properties...
As said it earlier, this is a tiny little bit of IPO which does not have a lot money to be raised. Every share is issued in the form of convertible 5 year bond. If you put in 20,000 or  2,000,000 dollars, you will receive a certificate with details.
I hope everybody start immersing in the Christmas season traditions and do all your shopping early so everyone can get their gifts on time. This time of the year is good business.
My main duty is to raise money, make money and distribute dividends. It's that simple. Just click below to invest right now in my convertible bonds to secure some of my money! Don't waste our precious time! 	https://t.co/6udoUmpsxd
"You are strong and healthy, your misfortune are imaginary... In turn you will have, possess, secure, Able to be proud at last, when there is no reason. "- Czeslaw MilowsZ
https://t.co/My9GbXIGH9
I truly admire someone who would fight for the cause of freedom. Let the Bush family be strong!
George H W Bush has left us to the afterlife. What a great life he had, a man who would fight for freedom.
Buy my bonds and stocks to join the millionaire network. Click below to invest and get richer every day!		https://t.co/6udoUmpsxd https://t.co/6udoUmpsxd
Invest in real estate now and make money! Click here to start investing!	https://t.co/6udoUmpsxd
https://t.co/U1mL1NlNPM
The first step in being wealthy is to get your mind to know and to accept the fact that it's OK to be wealthy. It's not illegal. https://t.co/TBOXiu7j9w
Noel A Montreal kareoke https://t.co/BEzlgAwII2 via @YouTube
Noel A Montreal kareoke https://t.co/crax6wXU6u
https://t.co/eNBnUssWSw
As we work independently, I still  expect us to think alike in the sense of progress while we maintain a global environment fit for business and keep the battle where it belongs.
https://t.co/OQJosEyNYW
https://t.co/xyjUMUD4D6
https://t.co/mQExykifbr
$ 750 secures you spot as a contestant and a chance to appear in the "King Charley Movie Series" just for participating. Contact us to find out more! Share this Christmas gift with everyone on your page. https://t.co/khAlCBURVr
Jovenel Moise needs to put pants on and if he can't do his fucking job, let someone else do it.
How could terrorists burn a whole police station in a town and think they want to get away with it?
People must learn to mind their own fucking business and let law enforcement do their goddamn job as well.
We expect law enforcement to set the ground for order to allow productivity. People must able to trust and work with Law enforcement for progress.
They said Santa is coming to town around Christmas. I hope you get to meet him! With "Jean-Esdrace Charles", you are in good hands!
I need you guys to get serious about your financial future and choose to invest in reputation, credibility and profitability. Choose my stocks and bonds!
If someone launches grenades of any types, they should be classified as terror activities, not simply crimes. Alright
When we send an unmanned robotic rover to Mars, shoot it with a  parrot on board.
$ 750 secures you spot as a contestant and a chance to appear in the "King Charley Movie Series" just for participating. Contact us to find out more! Share this Christmas gift with everyone on your page. https://t.co/8yyx1XHBwf
Part of being a success means that people need to eat right to be healthy. Good eating habits mean good thinking patterns.  Alright?
$ 750 secures you spot as a contestant and a chance to appear in the "King Charley Movie Series" just for participating. Contact us to find out more! Share this Christmas gift with everyone on your page. https://t.co/a7iE0iEcMi
My IPOs are coming up strong. I need a few wealthy individuals to buy these bonds and be ready to own my stocks.	https://t.co/6udoUmpsxd
"Charlesville" will be one of the merriest, most glorious. most wonderful places on Earth with wonderful people, a must-see before death. Start saving!
The future begins with everyone coming together to bring hope, joy and happiness to the world.
I need everyone on my side, the kids, the teens, adults and seniors and together, we will build the future.
Having an anatomical room or space of consideration and appreciation for others such as your friends or coworkers, or families and these are part of what makes you and I want to do more and give more and thus makes life a beautiful thing resulting in higher positive outcomes.
I want to establish banks, branches and offices in more than 220 Countries to get things done. Alright?
I love making good genuine friends that are not out to fool me. Just don't try it!
I need a next generation that can take on responsibility in America, Europe, Asia and Africa combined to join our network for global transformation.
Alright everyone, I need you guys  to advise your bankers, brokers to put money on " Jean-Esdrace Charles'. That's how you can own our company. Alright?
Twitter can make me 1.5 billion followers or more pretty soon.
I am going to need about 200 millions followers within the next few months or so. Keep on joining and happy Thanksgivings to all!
https://t.co/vZVDoMB5XE
You have what it takes? Get registered! https://t.co/RZAIjfQttm
Projecting to generate over 900 billion dollars in energy generation and distribution , 700 billions  dollars in jewelry, 800 billions in motion picture, 200 billion dollars in pharmaceuticals, 400 billions dollars in tourism, 300 billions dollars in... https://t.co/o5lDc2EuYe
Win big cash prizes of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big.Send... https://t.co/UTLCy0mWOT
I am going to sit in Hollywood to chew bubble gum and kick butts. lol
How is everyone as the weekend is approaching?
https://t.co/jm0SO5hgZX
I am telling you. When my capital raising campaigns are on, just jump on them and get your stake.
Stand by everything I am doing and you will not be deceived!
With my own banking development programs, I will attain to every need in every nation. No bullshit!
I will make sure I find a nitch in every economy in every Country to make prosperity and freedom come to life.
I want to invest several billions dollars in green tech and electronic to keep the smartphone generation employed in my own company.
I am creating close to 1 trillion dollars porfolio in global energy alternatives. No bullshit!
I am investing close to 500 billions dollars globally. No bullshit!
That type of venture will swallow a lot of money, I mean big fucking money.  Hun?
I am building a business empire with legs all over the world in every single freaking Country. No easy task!
Rightful leadership makes room for others to grow. All political leadership must empower the people to do very good business in ethics and freedom.
The government's duty is to empower my business, other small business to get access to necessary capitals to reap the the benefits of their policy writings.
We need governments to write favorable policies and stay the fuck out of the market for a democratic free market economy.
I am going to put a lot of Capital in the Chinese market because this generation is ready for the exchange and the  global economic growth.
China is an outstanding partner on the global market. I definitely want to explore the Chinese market.
The White House must maintain a great relationship with China on trades as a constant matter.
Is perfect reasoning making us more prosperous and wealthier? Yes added to production.
A person who is constantly improving  himself or herself can't help but becoming better.
The key to success, peace of mind is to stay focused and motivated to get the best out of every situation.
I have always believed in great governance and great governments that aim to better society not abuse it.
https://t.co/2kodOItnu3
https://t.co/VJntpM4uHN
https://t.co/lZQbh6XeEN
https://t.co/Rg61UASOUG
https://t.co/AfWdgrhE8x
https://t.co/mdePKEANhn
https://t.co/rCossPiqSO
https://t.co/MOCSfVbcdE
https://t.co/b1akgmQwNR
Save the animals of the planet! https://t.co/0KamOoZgck
Our best competition and catalyst is ourselves, not others. We are the source of the next bug wow product.
I don't look at competitions as rivals but as catalysts to help me improve my own goods.
Building companies to create useful products must take into account the need of the end user.
Earn 7 % with as little as 100 dollars investment. If you are serious about making money, do it. Click here:	https://t.co/89xJQPzBRr https://t.co/89xJQPzBRr
https://t.co/CcakxCYOWq
When I post the money link, you need to actually click on it and pull your credit/debit card and add money!
I need people who can take actions and add money not zombies. Ok?
I plan on having offices in over 220 Countries to create wealth &amp; prosperity.
Even the wild animals must be treated with dignity. https://t.co/IiDFnkk0Uh
https://t.co/D1sxWkymRx
https://t.co/QRYvomHk1C
Happy V-Day everyone!
Happy Veterans Day to all those who have served to secure freedom!!!
If you click on the indiegogo link for the IPO and it's dead, we'll get this fixed as soon as we can so you can invest with $20,000, $100,000, $250,000, $1,000,000 or more and secure a good rate... hashtag#realestate
NB: If the indiegogo link is dead for the IPO,  we'll get this fixed asap so you can invest with $20,000, $100,000, $250,000, $1,000,000 or more and secure a good rate...
I own a multi-billion dollars pharmaceutical research department. I will make sure I come up with a curing pill for every existing disorder.
Earn 7 % with as little as 100 dollars investment. If you are serious about making money, do it. Click here:	https://t.co/89xJQPi0ZT https://t.co/Y4GnA1bFtq
Earn 7 % with as little as 100 dollars investment. If you are serious about making money, do it. Click here:	https://t.co/89xJQPi0ZT https://t.co/HZi5dQzLyq
Earn 7 % with as little as 100 dollars investment. If you are serious about making money, do it. Click here:	https://t.co/89xJQPi0ZT https://t.co/qrpbQMSA2a
Earn 7 % with as little as 100 dollars investment. If you are serious about making money, do it. Click here:	https://t.co/89xJQPi0ZT https://t.co/ZhwMgGS9HB
Earn 7 % with as little as 100 dollars investment. If you are serious about making money, do it. Click here:	https://t.co/89xJQPi0ZT https://t.co/wPJ8fgFgfR
Earn 7 % with as little as 100 dollars investment. If you are serious about making money, do it. Click here:	https://t.co/89xJQPi0ZT https://t.co/Z49hhJYngT
Earn 7 % with as little as 100 dollars investment. If you are serious about making money, do it. Click here:	https://t.co/89xJQPi0ZT https://t.co/bNi6MMdyB4
Earn 7 % with as little as 100 dollars investment. If you are serious about making money, do it. Click here:	https://t.co/89xJQPi0ZT https://t.co/uQVnpoBEbn
Earn 7 % with as little as 100 dollars investment. If you are serious about making money, do it. Click here:	https://t.co/89xJQPi0ZT https://t.co/cgAdYAvSOe
Earn 7 % with as little as 100 dollars investment. If you are serious about making money, do it. Click here:	https://t.co/89xJQPi0ZT https://t.co/nA7Z7AfRlH
Earn 7 % with as little as 100 dollars investment. If you are serious about making money, do it. Click here:	https://t.co/89xJQPi0ZT https://t.co/rg8VKdXcMm
Earn 7 % with as little as 100 dollars investment. If you are serious about making money, do it. Click here:	https://t.co/89xJQPi0ZT https://t.co/GQ6E9EiQCh
Earn 7 % with as little as 100 dollars investment. If you are serious about making money, do it. Click here:	https://t.co/89xJQPi0ZT https://t.co/ykOveQvNyA
Earn 7 % with as little as 100 dollars investment. If you are serious about making money, do it. Click here:	https://t.co/89xJQPi0ZT https://t.co/H0J3kxT3HF
Earn 7 % with as little as 100 dollars investment. If you are serious about making money, do it. Click here:	https://t.co/89xJQPzBRr
Earn 7% APR with as little as 100 dollars investment. With the hard work pays off team, you are in good hands. Do it! https://t.co/znLSHrPnHJ
Earn 7% APR with as little as 100 dollars investment. Claim your fair return on your money. No need to think about it, just do it! https://t.co/znLSHrPnHJ
Earn 7% APR with as little as $100 investment. If you are about making money, don't hesitate to do it. https://t.co/znLSHrPnHJ
@MSNBC Can I have a few qualified investors on this page? I am running a fund drive for my company, I need a few millionaires and qualified individuals to purchase my bonds. If you are interested, reach out to me!
Jean-Esdrace Charles on Twitter https://t.co/znLSHs6Z6j
Earn 7% APR by investing as little as 100 dollars https://t.co/znLSHs6Z6j
Earn 7%APR when you invest as long as 100 dollars. https://t.co/znLSHs6Z6j
Earn 7%APR when you invest as little as 100 dollars. https://t.co/znLSHs6Z6j
Earn 7% APR when you invest as little as $100. https://t.co/znLSHs6Z6j
Earn 7%APR when you invest a minimum of $100. https://t.co/znLSHs6Z6j
Earn 7%APR  when you invest $100 minimum. https://t.co/znLSHs6Z6j
Add 100 bucks minimum and earn 7%APR. https://t.co/znLSHs6Z6j
invest at least 100 bucks and earn 7%APR. Do it today! https://t.co/znLSHs6Z6j
Add $ 100 minimum and earn 7% APR. Do it today! https://t.co/znLSHs6Z6j
Add $ 100 minimum and earn 7% APR. Just do it! https://t.co/znLSHrPnHJ
Add $100 minimum now and earn 7% APR on your investment. Just do it right away! https://t.co/znLSHs6Z6j
Add a $ 100 minimum before the end of the day and earn 7% APR on your investment. Just do it now! https://t.co/znLSHs6Z6j
Add a $100  minimum and receive 7% APR on your investment. https://t.co/znLSHrPnHJ
Hey just add a minimum of $ 100 dollars to this fund and earn 7% APR on your investment. https://t.co/znLSHrPnHJ
Hey just add a minimum of$100 to the fund before Christmas and receive 7%  APR on your money. https://t.co/znLSHrPnHJ
Hey just add a minimum of $100 to the fund before Christmas and receive 7% APR on your money. https://t.co/znLSHrPnHJ
https://t.co/vthji8Ql8n
I voted. Did you? — voting in the 2018 General Election
Just add a minimum of $100 to this fund and earn 7% APR on top of your money.	 Deal?	 https://t.co/ggg0tHeDSa
We, the people, elected Trump and as far we are concerned, his leadership is satisfactory to the advancement America and homeland security. Go vote!
If Trump does not hate a particular group of people, let's not rest the future of America over distorted pussy grabbing stories. Alright? I am serious now. Vote a Great America and Jobs!
I asked a few people: Why don't you like Trump?	1. He's a racist	2. He's a pussy grabber and minimizes women	3. He is a bully	Give me something to work with, ok?	What are the facts to back up the statement that is he is a racist? If a man is not rapist, he grabs pussies he owns.
Com on now, you can do it. Voting is a rightful privilege that many don't get to enjoy for many reasons. Vote right! A Great America is right! Get your thinking straight!
If you don't vote for a Great America, I will make sure you live in a small America because you don't know what you want. Vote for a Big and  Great America, twice the size of your head. lol
Make every vote count toward making America Great , excellent, a ground for freedom, wealth and prosperity. Vote for a Great America!
$ 750 secures you spot as a contestant and a chance to appear in the "King Charley Movie Series" just for participating. Contact us to find out more! Share this Christmas gift with everyone on your page! https://t.co/TYbStS6VK4
https://t.co/M0M8cx2iis
By the way,	add a minimum of $100  to this fund and earn 7% APR on top of your money.	https://t.co/6udoUmpsxd
Add a minimum of $100  to this fund and earn 7% APR on top of your money. Don't worry about the trade market!	https://t.co/6udoUmpsxd
Charlesville's music https://t.co/AwcPHuTE8f
I will perform this in Charlesville entertainment complete for everyone. https://t.co/PfNdZgF7LC
With my IPO,  no one will be left behind. Invest now!	https://t.co/6udoUmpsxd
With my IPO, Rome, Greece, Athenes will have more jobs than they need. Invest now!	https://t.co/6udoUmpsxd
With my IPO, the smart phone generation is good hand. CLick to invest now.	https://t.co/6udoUmpsxd
With my IPO, more high tech jobs will always be available. Click below  to invest!	https://t.co/6udoUmpsxd
With my IPO, people don't have to depend on food stamps anywhere on the globe. Click on the link to invest.	https://t.co/6udoUmpsxd
With my IPO and ventures, most individuals will finally have a job, not hand outs. 	https://t.co/6udoUmpsxd
With my IPO and ventures, some third world  nations will experience freedom and prosperity for the very 1st time.	https://t.co/6udoUmpsxd
With my IPO and ventures, Canada, Mexico, Asia, Europe and Africa will experience economic breakthroughs.	https://t.co/6udoUmpsxd
With my IPO and my ventures, the US and foreign territories will see job growth increase by 15 percent. Go vote and invest in my IPO.	https://t.co/6udoUmpsxd
Great leaders make America great and make the world livable. Go vote and invest in my IPO.	https://t.co/6udoUmpsxd
Choose charismatic leaders who can represent all of us and our businesses domestically and abroad. Go vote and Invest in my IPO.	https://t.co/6udoUmpsxd
Choose the ones that will put America First and  and make friends and a difference  on the globe. Go vote and invest in my IPO.	https://t.co/6udoUmpsxd
You should only vote for candidates that want to stand by mighty care takers to create more jobs. Go vote and invest in my IPO!	https://t.co/6udoUmpsxd
The best candidates don't want to hand you things but want to teach you how to get things:	https://t.co/6udoUmpsxd
The best candidates see through that you have jobs and not handouts. Go vote and invest in my IPO.	https://t.co/6udoUmpsxd
Vote politicians that will be in line with helping my companies like mine get stronger and help Put America back to Work . Go vote and Invest in my IPO.
The purpose of elections is to elect great leaderships, economic justice and  interests, secure great jobs policy writings, personal and national security and freedom. Go vote!
$ 750, Participate and call now to start standing out from the crowd! https://t.co/BnQCEYEtVI
https://t.co/uWUUPm8IQD
https://t.co/oUuSqzlkHN
https://t.co/wmXlI5Votq
https://t.co/7CkCFmdjuv
https://t.co/vJuiagkiHG
I want to bring more good jobs back to America. Invest in my IPO.	https://t.co/89xJQPzBRr
This election is not about pussy grabbing, dick sucking, this is about America's jobs and national security. It's a homeland security matter.
Small banks, big banks, investment companies, holding companies, insurance can buy this bond and earn 7% APR. Just do it! Click below!	https://t.co/5Y2gULkkBv …:
The only thing I need for you to do is to invest in my IPO and claim your 7% APR . CLick here:	https://t.co/5Y2gULkkBv:
Monopolies will not stop me from moving forward to creating a strong market share in the global market economy.
Don't feel threatened, I will find niches to stay off your back for the most parts.
Alright I need people to start adding money to my IPO and help make it happen in here. We are developing great products to beat our competitions.
I will build a huge office somewhere in New York city. Hopefully I can find a nice piece of property over there.
I like New York because they get it and they make it happen and they have a lot less sisi men.
$750 reserves you a spot for the Galaxy Beauty Pageant of Jean-Esdrace Charles. Participate! Call us! https://t.co/b69Q0zZd3U
https://t.co/tw2Ou52Iyb
Jean-Esdrace Charles' IPO is a " Put America Back To Work Initiative". If you want to make some money and get a fair share of my money, invest here.	https://t.co/89xJQPzBRr https://t.co/89xJQPzBRr
Jean-Esdrace Charles'IPO and Put America Back To Work Initiative. Go invest right now. Click Below!	https://t.co/89xJQPzBRr
Alright everyone, go vote for the right candidates. Vote straight Republican as if you were blind. Alright?
I am guru. If any woman is mad at my posts, come sit on my dick. If a man is mad, take a hike.
Invest in my IPO: Here is the fucking link:https://t.co/6udoUmpsxd
Invest in my IPO. Alright? Bunch of idiots!
With my IPO, I aim to put America back to work. If America does not want to work, we'll be happier to outsource. More profits for my pockets.
With my IPO, I aim to put America back to work. If America does not want to work, we'll be happy to outsource. More profits for my pockets.
Great millionaires and billionaires are not out to get all and forget about the people. Remember, We Are For The People and By The People.
It's time  sit down and watch TV, learn the stories behind them candidates before we put them on any seat.
Now is the time to select the men and women who will take America back to the next level and push the  "Put America Back to Work Initiative".
We need to open a how to vote seminar to teach people who and how to vote to protect their interest, assets and their own ass.
How do you want to have a great community, state or federal government when you vote for crappy leaders who can't do the job? Hun?
When you go cast a ballot, do you want to vote for a man who is known to run away from other men?
You want better local , sate and federal officials, vote for the right guys who can make a difference.
You want financial independence, you look for it. you invest more in yourself to be worth more.
Society owes everyone equal access to a great education, equal employment opportunity.  The rest is up you.
Having a sense of entitlement makes people lazy, demanding as if they are owed something.
The way we make money in America: Get out there, get work, get money, get on the phone, get work, get money, get on the computer, get work, get money. We don't need hand outs! People need to stop having a sense of... https://t.co/eW6uG88yjW
To make money in America: Get out there, get work, get money, get on the phone, get work, get money, get on the computer, get work, get money. We don't need hand outs!
https://t.co/fqSiwK3jU9
Disregard the donation shit on indiegogo. I am trying to get these guys to fix my pages for investment. 7% bonds!
Great Banks, insurance companies, investment companies, holdings, angels are all qualified ones are invited to take the opportunity to make America Great again!
This is a Real Estate IPO and I need everyone to get involved in putting Americans back to work.
I am determined to invest in real estate tourism projects in specific sectors of the economy to offer options.
High rise luxury hotel and resorts project should begin very soon in Florida as a promise to our global tourists.
Tree planting is a great investment in any global economic development movement. Non profits should handle it.
https://t.co/89xJQPzBRr
Jean-Esdrace Charles and IPO: Real Estate &amp; Mining https://t.co/o5km9NcufJ
Help make it happen for Jean-Esdrace Charles and IPO: Real Estate &amp; Mining on @indiegogo https://t.co/q3Le36zsUa
https://t.co/lmzgBEewso
I need the indiegogo guys to change the fucking donation button and I can't reach these motherfuckers.
Make money in Real Estate! Click the link below to invest! https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Make money in Real Estate! Click here to invest. https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
With a minimum of 100 dollars you can purchase a 7% APR bond and you receive a certificate in the mail.
Our industries involve a lot of chemistry, Physics, Maths and other sciences jobs, activities and whether you call them rocket science projects, it's a great architectural, here is a high tech real estate IPO investment activity.
Pulling an IPO is not an easy task. It requires a lot of energy, commitment, and we want to get all millionaires involved to earn millionaire account asap by being the first one to invest.
I want to create the most successful and sustainable market share in the US and global economic environment by providing reliable, credible and denpendable products and services to all. Such is my promise and global leadership plan for the next decade.
As hard as it is, I know that we are moving in the right direction. The Trump administration has done everything to clear up pathways with China in trade policies, my company is ready to get busy as well.
We are working very hard to put America back to work as soon as we can. investing in the IPO is a sure way to put America back work in many aspects.
My company sends sympathy to the Jewish community and, together, we say no to antisemitism. Be strong!
Our sympathy also goes to the Jewish community for their losses.
I send my sympathy to you who have been impacted by a tragedy either in Pittsburgh or elsewhere.
https://t.co/PtFcLGlJ0r
https://t.co/EIuHqhxRqi
Let the most thorough queen win the crown of galaxy! Enter to win!	https://t.co/A9TNJzTVpp
Awesome, awesome, awesome! PayPal $10,000 to my account on my name. Keep up the work! https://t.co/96C674ajVr
I also practice yoga, Tai chi, boxing, Transcendal meditations and stuffs like that...
I do voodoo. I don't do Jesus but I like the Christians.
Now I want to plant my King Charley flag on Mars.
Honestly, when I first started out, I only wanted to own a  few pharmacies in the US. Market conditions change everything.
Invest in Real Estate and make money! Click here: https://t.co/znLSHs6Z6j
Want to make Money in Real Estate? Click here: https://t.co/znLSHs6Z6j
Want to money in Real Estate? Click here: https://t.co/znLSHs6Z6j
Want to make money? Click here: https://t.co/znLSHs6Z6j
All of my executives are millionaires and will be well compensated.
All my employees will have great benefit packages to feel rich and prosperous.
By 2022, our business task force will consist of talented men and women capable of doing anything in their field.
I am building a SWAT team for my company to get things done locally and internationally.
We are many years of hard work ahead of us in the mud, in the sun, rain, dirt, underground, not just behind desks....
My main focus is my IPO, not Trump or politics at all. Let's stay focused on getting money
Men grab, grope whichever pussy that wants to be grabbed and groped. Consenting adults grab each other's private parts.
Hello world! What are men supposed to do with pussies? Ignoring them?
Now I see immoral people talk about Trump's morality over grabbing pussies that were his pussies. That's wrong!
I don't like to talk about politics when I am not in office cause I have a lot on my plate.
When it comes to Trump's morality, I find in him an honest man; what are supposed to do with pussies?
With me, you can rest assured that new high tech products will rise on the market. I promise.
I don't have all the resources I need to control what Facebook and Twitter are doing but I K hope they are fixing shit.
Sorry if you we experience link problems, I urge Facebook and Twitter to fix their servers. Please!
Therefore any investment over $1000 has the propensity to becoming a multi-million dollar account out of my money.
If you invest at least $ 1000, I make you a millionaire from my money.
The simplest thing you can do to be a success is to invest 1000 dollars in my IPO and you are ready to be rich.
We can never promise or make guarantees of market conditions, but we can promise  to create favorable conditions to succeed.
Creating a trillionaire portfolio with mega operations ready to expand even more ...
I know exactly were I want to be in 2018: running one of the most successful companies in the world.
Now we are in 2018, do you think about where you want to be in 2028?
Renewable energy is pretty luctative and our research department is hiring more talents to create high end items to compete on the market.
Only upward numbers will dictate our global expansions in terms of how and when to acquire new markets.
With the right products on the market, constantly positive trend of sales, I expect to gain leverage and increased market share.
Guess what? I want others to win with me and I want to create market conditions to grow strongly upward.
I am a wall street type market maker and am taking big risks and I don't want to lose.
If you want add money on my stocks and bonds and all you think about is price drops, you are unfit for prosperity.
Market fluctuations are always factors that affect financial conditions with it's ups and downs, depressions.
If you invest 1000 dollars, it be worth 6 to 8 millions dollars depending on how good the market is.
10 years from today, my company will be worth over 500 billions dollars.
When Buffet started investing, people did not know he would be where is today .
Many Banks, saving institutions don't buy the right stocks for their clients and their clients die broke.
I need people who are serious about making money in real estate, mining, jewelry, electronic down the road. Alright?
The platform that I am using for IPO tiers one is indiegogo. Alright?
Like that, I can give you the chance to create a well balanced portfolio for your clients.
The first tiers of my IPO will be bonds and the second will stocks.
We are not expecting any corporate collapse, bankruptcy or recession to devalue my stocks. Ight?
The statistical probability for my stocks and to do good is an upward curve based on the industries in sight.
If you buy now and stocks increase in value, you, your bank, your holdings will win big.
Now stocks and bonds will be up next on the market and I want to create a few millionaires in the process. Ight?
But many people are always doubting that these men could be who  they are today.
When Mark Zuckerberg opened his stocks, if buyers bought, they would have been set as well. Right?
When Bill Gates began Microsoft, if you did invest in his stocks, many of you would have been set by now.
How do I make you rich is by having you snap on the opportunity I am offering right now.
I want to make a few of you rich. Alright?
Eventually, I will build an in-house server to house all the heavy traffic for easier communications.
RT @JeanEsdrace: Real Estate &amp; Mining https://t.co/o5km9NcufJ
Trump was elected to do a job, let him do it and if he is not doing it, we'll vote him out. It's that simple.
We need Americans who are sensed and logical enough to support comprehensive immigration policies in the elections.
I need every American to stay the fuck out of politics and look for work to do if they find themselves talking for free during or after elections.
I need every American who ever calls him/herself patriot to help ensure safety during the elections.
I need all Americans to stand by my IPO regardless of your party affiliations.
I am always enraged when it comes to my money whatever time it is. Go vote!
If anyone scientist, Rich or poor ass motherfucker fucks up with my IPO, get rid of him/her.
If any man or woman interferes with my IPO, I want him/her to drag on her/his knees without job, without food, with an anti-social attitude for 20 years until he/she goes to hell.
My IPO is money to put money in your goddamn pockets so you can live like free men and women.
I will  not say "shit" when you make them work for free. I swear under oath
We don't have to pay people to work. We can run them all like communists.
If I don't get money for my IPO, make the rich, the poor, the educated smart phone generation and the idiots alike pay for it by subjecting to hard labor for free.
If I don't get money for my IPO, put half of the planet back to slavery to care for  yourselves and I will not give a fuck.
We should let them work without pay for them to understand how painful it is.
Sometimes, we should let people go back to slavery to take them out it again and them stupid idiots would still not get it.
Study people don't even know what fuck it takes to keep their ass out of slavery.
It's funny to see how much good politicians have to go through to serve ungrateful people.
It's funny to see how much good politicians have to go through to serve people who can never understand them.
Invest in real estate and make money at a rate of 7%. https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Make Money in Real Estate. Claim your 7% interest now. https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Make Money in Real Estate. Invest now and claim your 7% interest. https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Make Money in Real Estate. Invest  now and claim 7% interest. https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Claim your 7% interest now. Invest in Real Estate! https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Invest in Real Estate and claim the money that you deserve. Lock your 7% interest. ADD money now to sign up! https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Invest in Real Estate and make Money now. Claim a 7% interest that you deserve! Share with your friends and family! https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Here is your opportunity to make Money in Real Estate. Invest now and secure your rate. Share with your friends and family! https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
This is your chance to make MONEY in Real Estate. Claim your 7% interest rate by adding money NOW. Share with your friends and family! https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Make Big Money In Real Estate. ADD MONEY now and claim your interest of 7%. Share with your friends and family! https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Make Money Easy in Real Estate! ADD MONEY now and claim your 7% interest. Share with your friends and family! https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Make Money in Real Estate. ADD MONEY now and claim your interest. Share with your friends and family! https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Make Money in Real Estate. ADD MONEY now and claim your interest of 7%. https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Make Money in Real Estate! ADD MONEY now and claim your your 7% interest rate. Share with your friends and family! https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Make Money in Real Estate! ADD MONEY now and claim your interest rate. Share with your friends and family! https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Make Money in Real Estate! ADD MONEY now and 7% interest. Share with your friends and family! https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Make Money in Real Estate! ADD MONEY now and lock your interest rate. Share with your friends and family! https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Make Money in Real Estate! ADD MONEY now and lock your interest income. Share with your friends and family! https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Make Money in Real Estate! ADD MONEY now and claim your 7% interest	 Share with your friends and family! https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Make Money in Real Estate! ADD MONEY now and claim your 7% interest. Share with your friends and family! https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Make Money in Real Estate. ADD MONEY now and claim your 7% interest. Share with your friends and family! https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Make Money in Real Estate. ADD MONEY now and Claim your 7% interest. Share with your friends and family! https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Make Money in Real Estate and claim your 7% interest. ADD MONEY now to claim it. Share with your friends and family! https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Earn 7% interest on Real Estate investment. ADD MONEY now and claim it. Share with your friends and family! https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Ear 7% interest on your Real Estate investment. ADD MONEY now and claim it. Share with your friends and family! https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Earn 7% on your Real Estate investment. ADD MONEY and claim it as soon as possible. Share with your friends and family! https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Earn 7% interest on your Real Estate investment. Add Money and claim it now. Share with your friends and family! https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Make Money in Real Estate and Mining! ADD MONEY and secure your rate now! https://t.co/6OiE1Nv5n0
Make Money in Real Estate and Mining? ADD MONEY and secure your rate now! https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Make Money in Real Estate and Mining! ADD MONEY and secure your rate now! https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Make Money in Real Estate and Mining! ADD MONEY now and secure your rate! https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Make Money in Real Estate and Mining! ADD MONEY now and secure your rate! Share with your friends and family! https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Make Money in Real Estate and Mining! ADD MONEY and secure your rate now! Share with your friends and family! https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Make in Real Estate and Mining! ADD MONEY now and secure your rate! Share with your friends and family now! https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Make Money in Real Estate and Mining! ADD MONEY and secure your rate now. Share with your friends and family! https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Make Money in Real Estate and Mining. ADD MONEY and secure your rate now. Share with your friends and family! https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Make Money in Real Estate and Mining! ADD MONEY now and secure your rate	 Share with your friends and family! https://t.co/6OiE1NMGLA
Make Money In Real Estate and Mining! ADD MONEY now and secure your rate. Share with your friends! https://t.co/znLSHs6Z6j
Money is what is need right now. Secure your rate by adding MONEY now. Share with your friends! https://t.co/znLSHs6Z6j
Money is what we right now. Help me reach my goal. GO ADD MONEY! Share with everyone you know!
The resources are there, the manpower is ready to start putting hands in the mud as we are setting up a brand new office.
Real Estate &amp; Mining https://t.co/o5km9NcufJ
Invest in  "Real Estate &amp; Mining" and help us meet our goal. @indiegogo https://t.co/Te0elMJj0r
Earn 7% on your investment today! https://t.co/JRf3uSpiSQ
I don't even like to fuck with hand outs for others in any aspect whatsoever. I make money every day when I walk, I sleep, when I am fucking and I have residual income even after my death . lol
A lot of us executives have got to find ways to get things done on the go. There is so much to keep up with these days and it's not even funny. Technology makes it way easier to do business while traveling in the subway, bus, plane..
https://t.co/b4saKUNi2x
My money, my stocks, my bonds are "King" in my office.
https://t.co/PTiavOhL2S
I am more like an independent free thinker with strong conservative values and I will always support, stand by those who uphold these values and the societal mechanics in America.
And the third group are terrorists.
I have a project to erect a high rise luxury hotel and resorts in Florida. It's going to be gigantic and one of the most beautiful, attractive and friendly tourists destination you will have ever visited in the world.
Yearly pay raises and positive evaluation raises on a consistent manner, Sign on bonuses!
Our profit is reinvested in the economy to create more jobs so we have no lack of good paying jobs.
My company pays top salaries, bonuses, hotel stays, car rentals, black cards for stipends, paid vacation...
When you invest in my company, opportunity will flow back to the economy.
Listen up people! When you invest in my company, you do it so all of our children can have good paying jobs.
Vegas, you are next!
I buy Land.
Once I can acquire lands and minerals globally, I am happy.
The people I like the least in society are the racist and the murderer.
If you ever buy any of my products and not get fully satisfied, you will have a full refund. Ok?
I love to treat everyone with dignity and make sure everyone has a taste of freedom.
Sex is a societal mechanic that can heal marriages if used properly within the cinema industry. Alright?
A good quality product is spoiled by a bad service. Sex is being minimized by knuckled heads and it's bad reputation.
Everybody wants a little bit of pure romance in cinema. Sex is healthy for society.
As a venture capitalist, I like to cut deals with people who mean business. No bullshit!
For my money, I will kick butts and wage war on those who want to fuck with my money.
Money gives freedom, truest freedom. What will you do to keep your freedom?
To keep freedom, you must learn how to fight  with your first, your guns and all your might.
Let no motherfucker take your freedom away from you. Be ready to fight for it.
We have no fear of man at all. Don't let my skin color fool ya. I'm telling ya. I will push it in gently  like a piece of salsa sausage.
Trump and his team are doing a good job so far. I am proud of him, him is great.
Therefore  I am a venture capitalist. I am open for business.
The character " King  Charley" is a die hard Capitalist, a stand alone being. I love him.
We are psychologist and business scientists. We create incentives for people get wealth and keep it growing. OK?
I could never like the socialist thinking much in the sense of sharing wealth with others. It kills growth, national growth and throws us into communism.
I don't like the politics of average-ability. I am a leader of ultimate excellence.
Which one of the two parties gives you more freedom as an individual?
Which one of the two parties are more prone at giving economic justice, give everyone a chance to make it big?
I just want to lend Trump my diplomatic and smooth mouth piece and he will win even his badest opponent in debates.
Trump is doing a mighty job although he may have opponents; Trades with China, Mexico &amp; Canada.
We also want Republicans to support DACA to protect hardworking immigrants who want to make a difference in our economy.
Now, little differences upon insurance, sex, blah... blah... blah... ayadih... yadih are small matters. Only republicans can protect our interests overseas. Ok?
I feel that republicans can do a better job at keeping America safe and that's a fact. They always have.
My supersonic aircraft is a must do. I gotta make that happen no matter what it takes. It feels good to fly one. Hein?
I am high tech fan, I just love toys and I am going to put a lot of money into it.
The smartphone generation can do so much today at their fingertip. Ok?
Tell you what? I started running a whole business from a tiny little cell phone; got clients and made money with it. Ok?
Technology makes life so much easier. Doesn't it?
I war on others over my money and my interests. Don't fuck with my money!
When it comes to my money, ain't got no times for craps. ight?
When I go to Washington to lobby for my business and money shit, I will kick butts everywhere to get my way in.
https://t.co/YYwwCVk2nk
https://t.co/o7I5lL3V8L
https://t.co/bCusDpkcIm
No time to waste at all. Only qualified investors are wanted!
https://t.co/t57cWFFxXK
King Charley Movie Series Project https://t.co/XpXzPtri60
https://t.co/QOYbNfwNXI
We have offices and plants to open in FL, CA, CO, SD, ND, Utah, Arizona, Alabama, Alaska and many more....
I am actively raising capital up to our next IPO in 2019. Once you see Jean-Esdrace come on the net, money is the conversation for this period of time until we are done with this project. Alright?
JEAN-ESDRACE CHARLES is a legitimate registered business and all money transactions are legit. Your financially will be run through indiegogo as a safe platform with good reputations.
My company invests in real estate and mining hunting for mineral resources in specific areas of the US and purchase from other nations to power to supply our national plants.
Click on link up there and add money to secure your 7% interest rate before it goes down to 2%.
Twitter means business. You go, Twitter!
People don't come on Twitter to talk craps. Ok?
Jean-Esdrace Charles is all about raising and making money  Alright?
I have a business to run and money on the line. No time to talk bullshit...
If you don't want to add money onto my fund drives, go to another page. Ok?
If you are on my page, I assume you want to make money.
I mean business and I need people who mean business on my page.
I have 15.5 billions of dollars worth of projects to execute and I have to move quickly to get things done 123. So let's get moving!
Even monkeys can pull a credit or debit card and add money to get money.
No bullshit no gimmick! Investing made easy for the dummy!
You see how easy I make it for you to invest in real estate with me. Hein?
You earn 7 bucks on each 100 dollars you add to the fund. Banks only give you 1.97 % APR. Alright?
This preliminary capital raising has only one month left. So save some money and add just 20, 30, 100, 200, 1000, 2000, 5000, 10000, 100000, 250,000 dollars. Ok?
2019, we are going harder than 2018, harder than cold iron.
Although this indiegogo profile says donation, you may diresgard such button as your money will be returned with 7% interest.
By next year, my IPO will be up and running and those who qualify can invest in my company. Alright?
When I come on the social network, I need to get things done. The money link needs you to interact. Mk?
Alright everyone, I need for you to start following the link and add money to the fund. Ok?
Elections are coming up in our neck of the woods of the US. Vote for values, innovation, ideas of changes, freedom and prosperity to keep America strong.
https://t.co/JC0JFVMLUy
When you start a business, it's like signing to an army and you've got to keep up.
People who work in my companies are well trained and they take responsibility. I can go on a trip 50, 000 miles and I can rest assured that things will get done.
When you believe in your abilities to get things done, you don't sit around and let people do things for you. You go ahead and do it!
Hard working people don't need hand outs.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.	 Confucius
Justice will not come to Athens until those who are not injured are as indignant as those who are injured. 	Thucydides
The secret to happiness is freedom... And the secret to freedom is courage. Thucydides
Just living is not enough... one must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower.	 Hans Christian Andersen
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.	 Buddha
Let us remember: One book, one pen, one child, and one teacher can change the world.	 Malala Yousafzai
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. 	Jim Rohn
Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you. Walt Whitman
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. Aristotle
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success. 	Swami Sivananda
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.	 H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.	 Og Mandin
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay. Simone de Beauvoir
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.	 Helen Keller	l
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.	Carol Burnett
Alright, I need 10 people to add $50 each. Can we have that? You ain't broke. Are you? Get your credit/debit card ready now! https://t.co/kmvzCbJNdS
Good night all! — feeling fabulous
Tropical Palms https://t.co/RTlAh6N5cj
RT @JeanEsdrace: https://t.co/XIz9AiBkjl
RT @JeanEsdrace: Add money now and earn 7% interest. Just Do IT! https://t.co/8sozOHelrr
Work smart and do something useful with your life! https://t.co/ZkqLV0Xtx9
RT @JeanEsdrace: The Working Man! https://t.co/OSPUPrWbbk
RT @JeanEsdrace: https://t.co/kTEZQ6gxHB
Hyppocrites are everywhere but I am not going to stop fighting for a free market economic environment where democracy and freedom are at the heart of our businesses to give everyone a taste of what true freedom is like. https://t.co/Ht3WLYdyTz
Jean-Esdrace Charles &amp; Companies are an EOE. So any qualified and competent and hard working individual can apply to join our team in the future to make things happen by creating sustainability world-wide. Alright? https://t.co/Ht3WLYdyTz
Jean-Esdrace Charles on Twitter https://t.co/sYIbGmRjfA
King Charley Movie Series Project https://t.co/XpXzPtISXy
Help make it happen for King Charley Movie Series Project https://t.co/t3qjj5jJGs #indiegogo via @indiegogo
https://t.co/YTXaJeGlmi
Today is my oldest  hero's birthday, Jake. Enjoy your birthday!
Many great things are happening  and are being developed to serve you. "All beautiful ladies of all races and walk of life are welcome".  If you want to be a part in my ongoing beauty pageant as a contestant, send... https://t.co/N35wIyeYwQ
I posted a new video to Facebook https://t.co/nux0n9titH
Add money now and earn 7% interest. Just Do IT! https://t.co/8sozOHelrr
To be a success is to have the freedom to choose to live and die happy.
" Freedom", the state of being free and happy, that's the meaning of a free market economy.
Most of us are smart enough to know global business leaders want to bring economic freedom to every nation.
How can one be a success if you only feed your mind with garbage?
I want each one of you to be a success in your own way.
Keep your eyes open, be alert and be a success every day by thinking positively.
Beware of fraudulent activities out there! Don't hesitate to report them to authorities as they arise.
Freedom from America to  China, to India to Africa to London to  Germany to Israel...
I am a freedom fighter and I want to see every people to be free.
Out commitment is to maintain a strong global free market environment.
Global leadership comes with a price; we have no time for ourselves. It belongs to our business and the world.
Success goes to those who have some type of faith, faith in doing to be better.
We want accountability from all global leaders for their own people and that everyone's right is fully respected.
If you make music and people don't like them, better find another gig.
In our right mind, we know that we have no success without  great testimonies from our fan base. Right?
Where is reward if my consumers, customers, fans and friends are left unsatisfied?
To be a Success  is to let everyone  see themselves through we are doing and feel optimistic.
My dad was my first role model, a symbol of success and of workmanship in his own kind.
I loved my dad and respected him dearly.
Who do you trust to make of you a success if not your own ambitions and abilities?
If you try, you fail and you give up, then you don't believe in what you know, in your gut.
Those who believe in themselves are more apt to be successful than the self doubters.
Success seems to come to those who strive to think positively out of any situation.
https://t.co/MBBeKZNKBf
I did not see any money yet on indiegogo. I assume you don't like Kings, you like thieves, gangbangers, scam artists better. Right? Go ahead and add some money on that page. https://t.co/a24NLsPhK5
I am organizing an initial capital raising for a real estate motion picture project on indiegogo before our next IPO. Do you wish to participate? I give you 7% on each dollar you chip into the... https://t.co/gmOBlCc5wA
Noel A Montreal kareoke https://t.co/BEzlgAwII2 via @YouTube
Give me some feedback on this piece I am working on in my studio. Alright? https://t.co/EhvCxik96H
I love money. I love everything about it. I bought some pretty good stuff. Got me a $300 pair of socks. Got a fur sink. An electric dog polisher. A gasoline powered turtleneck sweater. And, of course, I bought some... https://t.co/Rdy68M6ExY
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. --Benjamin Franklin	Share with your friends! https://t.co/wIcAWFisTf
Frugality includes all the other virtues. --Cicero https://t.co/HCVFMPxfGw
Everyday is a bank account, and time is our currency. No one is rich, no one is poor, we've got 24 hours each. --Christopher Rice https://t.co/Ma8wr8LYzC
Too many people spend money they earned..to buy things they don't want..to impress people that they don't like. --Will Rogers https://t.co/8Zcy0iHZtx
Add money now and earn 7% interest. Just Do IT! https://t.co/a24NLsPhK5
EARN 7% ON EACH BUCK YOU ADD ON THIS CAMPAIGN AND BE A PART OF THIS "GLORIOUS MOTION PICTURE OF EXCELLENCE" AND REAL ESTATE ACQUISITION PROJECT. IT'S EASY! CLICK BELOW! YOU CAN  DO IT! https://t.co/0zN8qEJYkF
O Haiti, land of my birth, where my ancestors and  forefathers fought and  died for freedom. I will never cease to love thee. If you are not quite where you need to be, I know one day you will see better light and... https://t.co/WiFpJ10FJ1
Be strong!
Everyone on Earth i s a potential consumer of my products.
I want to create strong bonds worldwide  and spend money in every economy and every type of market.
If you want to go up , you must learn to defeat the gravitational forces trying to pull you down.
If you don't build your vision, someone else will hire you to build theirs.
I am a very very busy entrepreneur and I have time for no one but building my company. Alright?
When I make  a statement, I stand behind 100%.
Nothing is more shameful than a bunch of morons gathering to make promises no one can count on. Right?
I want to help the world not make false promises they can't keep but to keep with them with great reliable products.
Ending shameful homelessness, poverty are some of the things that my company tackles as we are growing strong.
I want to see families, communities, nations worldwide empowered one at a time with the right type of leadership.
When the G-20, the UN gather together making decisions, every nation expects something positive.
I want all Countries to be self sufficient and partake in our message of greatness and success.
Sometimes we run after success elsewhere when we could just look within ourselves and bingo...!
Believe in oneself to be self is a form of psychological success in life.
Many books are written on the power of being oneself and I love them.
It's a form of misrepresentation when your character lacks originality. Alright?
Why trying to be someone else when you can simply  be you?
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. -Anonymous
It is morally right to pay one's workers fairly. Alright?
And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.” -Elie Wiesel
Support this project and help make a reality. Alright? https://t.co/T5faxhlII2
Economic Justice= Freedom= Get Access Capital and pay a fair wage. Otherwise it is close to a slave trade going on.
Invest in Real Estate with me.	https://t.co/vxBntItrYF
Throughout history, activists have played major roles in inspiring change and fighting injustice across the globe. -Nelson Mandela
“Optimism for me isn’t a passive expectation that things will get better; it’s a conviction that if we can make things better". -Melinda gates
“I’m really inspired by women who are unafraid to be of service around social issues,” Kerry Washington
“One child, one teacher, one book, and one pen, can change the world,” Yousafzai
" Silence becomes cowardice when occasion demands speaking out the whole truth and acting accordingly.”
“The duty of youth is to challenge corruption.” “To sin by silence, when they should protest, makes cowards of men." Anonymous
https://t.co/Ar3YyxO0XJ
https://t.co/7jXtUtNue9
Noel A Montreal Soundtrack https://t.co/BEzlgAwII2 via @YouTube
Share with your friends! This is a song I wrote and put together for Christmas but never had a chance to post it. It's Christmas in Montreal, Noel a Montreal." It's just a quick recording in a mini studio. LOL https://t.co/crax6wXU6u
The King Charley movie is going strong. I am producer, actor, director, writer. We just need more money to hire people to get the movie done. So go to the link and add money to receive some of my money at a rate of 7%. Alright? https://t.co/ltmUALRPg1
https://t.co/V03IhcOqWx
https://t.co/IfNqzbzgWz
https://t.co/jC5i6TMVTu
https://t.co/79uA95PVzZ
I want to make friends that are loyal to me and to my pages.
We are busy people with no time to waste. Social networking online is a big relief. Right?
I am out to make friends, fans, customers and consumers.
Who will watch the "King Charley movie series" when we start pumping them out?
It's weekend in our neck of the woods. Our restaurants, night clubs, attractions will be filled...
The universe is empty without great optimist people. Who wants to live in an empty space?
I need you guys to interact with me and get me more followers. Alright?
Music and movies are global enterprises that everyone can relate to. Right?
Will the next generation smile upon our people to give them the grab gift of success?
This generation has known many great movie and musical performers.
Just add money and earn 7% interest! Alright? https://t.co/a24NLsxGSx
These series of movie is part of my entrepreneurial  project very recent   that will attract a wide range of audience of all walks of life. We hiring actors, directors, photographers, choreographers, singers,... https://t.co/rBwVH4l1e6
https://t.co/tnYrqR6cy7
Add money now and earn 7% interest!	https://t.co/vxBntItrYF
https://t.co/7UQRp5ckeh
The best way to maintain peace is to keep fighting terror. Alright?
https://t.co/Ypn6flS7YN
https://t.co/0ZCD2JRz2D
Get your credit/debit card ready in your hands and add money and you get 7% return on top of your money at the end of project. It's simple! You don't need to qualify for this campaign. https://t.co/3tEWjTsb5o
If you can't invest some money on these projects, start blocking yourselves from my page. Alright? https://t.co/McZXnkdOPy
Help make it happen for King Charley Movie Series,  A Real Estate Project on @indiegogo https://t.co/kH31qklGPF
Do I have people  who got money on my friend list or are you a bunch of broke people who are scratching around? If the links don't work, just let me know. I need a lot of money. So do what you can.  Now, Let me see some money on Indiegogo. Alright? https://t.co/a24NLsPhK5
Invest in  "King Charley Movie Series", a real estate acquisition project. Add Money Now!  @indiegogo https://t.co/NqA5k4jEIr
Get involved and don't hesitate to put money, put money. Great works, jobs, profits are coming everywhere. https://t.co/rLS4z5j2kv
https://t.co/EyGBiJ4Eu7
Invest in my real estate projects now!	https://t.co/mFav0MoBjT
Spread the word out! I need to raise $150,000 by the end of September. Help me make it happen and get some of my money. Pull your Credit right Now! https://t.co/a24NLsPhK5
New ways to get some of my money!	https://t.co/tVyTOSfRAc
Stand up with your money for the right causes! Do it now!	https://t.co/tVyTOSfRAc
Put money in the right cause! Do it now!	https://t.co/tVyTOSfRAc
@F_ScottFitz @RoadtripC Put money in the right cause! Do it now!	https://t.co/tVyTOSfRAc
@alonely04 @Nnwpll Put money in the right cause! Do it now!	https://t.co/tVyTOSfRAc
@thistallawkgirl @Havok_2O18 Put money in the right cause! Do it now!	https://t.co/tVyTOSfRAc
@node1433 @Nnwpll Put money in the right cause! Do it now!	https://t.co/tVyTOSfRAc
@AynRandPaulRyan Put money in the right cause! Do it now!	https://t.co/tVyTOSfRAc
@ElNacionalWeb Put money in the right cause! Do it now!	https://t.co/tVyTOSfRAc
@ElNacionalWeb @JavierWebEN Put money in the right cause! Do it now!	https://t.co/tVyTOSfRAc
Help me raise some capital in here! Alright?	https://t.co/tVyTOSfRAc
King Charley Movie Series https://t.co/a24NLsPhK5
Use "Indiegogo" to participate in my capital raising campaign for this movie project. Your money will be entered into our bond journal at 7%, due after project completion and distributioa. So it is not tax deductible as a donation. Time is not on my... https://t.co/a24NLsPhK5
Help make it happen for King Charley Movie Series on @indiegogo https://t.co/kH31qklGPF
King Charley Movie Series https://t.co/a24NLsxGSx
https://t.co/d0o2hIi8lr
https://t.co/1HxXghzrpD
Noel A Montreal kareoke https://t.co/BEzlgAwII2 via @YouTube
Noel A Montreal kareoke https://t.co/SzdenO8uxz
This is  the instrumental jam version of my Composition for Christmas! Enjoy! https://t.co/SzdenO8uxz
What are you passionate about? I am passionate about creating profitable ventures and create sustainable economies. https://t.co/qDoBrCCfkv
Facing life with optimism, positivism every day may a challenge but it's worth every little bit of it. https://t.co/ipNGmGNZRz
https://t.co/j7bKzwKLq2
https://t.co/MmV9c4PBtD
Have fun responsibly and enjoy the weekend!
https://t.co/fXMYvbnj8j
https://t.co/DjuzIdtg4B
https://t.co/dH34Cp72eN
@1SKERKRO @axidentaliberal GRED is looking into an IPO in the near future to power our business. Alright?
https://t.co/ayJw3ptln4
https://t.co/sxmyJIgYuM
Advertise in your local area with us anywhere in the US. Minimum package $ 799.00! 	(323) 631-7412 https://t.co/EsuwVwJi14
I  am the mega money man.   If there is any millionaire on page, I need you to watch out for my stocks in the market  Alright?
Advertise in your local area with us anywhere in the US. Minimum package $ 799.00! 	(323) 631-7412 https://t.co/EuwJtv7ZLs
Hello everyone, If I did send any unwanted message or tag to anyone of you, simply reply stop, I will kindly remove you from my contact list . Alright? Thank you very much. Enjoy a productive week!
Advertise in your local area with us anywhere in the US. Minimum package $ 799.00! 	(323) 631-7412
Bird of Paradise of America! — in Hollywood https://t.co/W7F82kIZkQ
https://t.co/NEoPMGd3K1
https://t.co/Id5FZnSsFD
https://t.co/WiJju83w3v
https://t.co/JaTtB1xNM5
What happens when banking policies in some Countries are geared toward thieving money from their clients? Hun?
https://t.co/XIz9AiBkjl
The Sound of Silence! https://t.co/wxrusWfsgs via @YouTube
The Sound of Silence! https://t.co/0tnIoP6Vh9
https://t.co/tGwHARi7B0
https://t.co/nyujk45JD8
https://t.co/Vm9O9OGvDK
https://t.co/vXLaxy16lu
https://t.co/RnMvrANuRM
America could not be great without certain great actors and institutions in the economy.
Non profits are play an important role in scientific innovation and economic development. Please, support them as you can!
To become financially successful, it is imperative to learn how to manage and save money as we are making it. Otherwise, it all goes in the toilet.
https://t.co/LVcOkmzeu3
When investing money, beware of con and scam artists, affinity marketing activities across the globe!
Advertise in your local area with us. Minimum package $ 799.00! 	(323) 631-7412
https://t.co/QLGNTsLtDr
The King Charley motion picture has a budget of 405 million dollars. Alright!
Buy this amazing vacation/bond package from me! Only $50 millions!	https://t.co/97SOzFfeim
We want to put land to good use so as to reduce environmental abuse and pollution globally.
Make a difference in everything that you do and you will never regret you did.
https://t.co/GoT6Sw8kMt
By 2025, can we bring electricity cost down to 1.9 cents/Kwh and power most nations with no headache? Hein?
The king Charley big screen play will be a handful and cumbersome work for me. Not only it will take a lot of money but a lot of hard work and preparation to create it.
https://t.co/QZ2fYcAcJ2
https://t.co/GbatCn3nHV
https://t.co/sCoLkpwu9m
https://t.co/fjDL980TBm
https://t.co/rySFH3pS6r
https://t.co/cYllLeFhNx
https://t.co/3hHLHQJpJ3
https://t.co/gYyO1gAQW4
Will an agreement between  the US and Mexico Succeed in the Congress if Canada is not included? We'll see...
Innovation must not prevent us from being original. It helps us create stronger values and maintain accuracy, precision in science, technology and other industries. Alright?
Innovation must not prevent us from being original. It helps us create stronger values.
My desire to create quality enhanced products reflect our respect for people of every race and nationality.
Money, lands, products are the things that I deal with in a safe and orderly environment. I don't want to worry about the rest of the stuffs as they are none of my business. We have enough people to deal with them. Leave me the money bags! lol
I am interested in the things of God. So disregard all previous posts that I have posted that had to do with God. Thank you!
I don't talk about or share anything about God on my page. Ok?
Building trillionaire big money generating ventures are my favorites and believe me, we can do this. Many millionaires and billionaires will be created in the process. Alright? https://t.co/Z2Q3sPu5TV
https://t.co/fYb1xR3C31
https://t.co/SjFUwZPVGR
https://t.co/gBwgxIT9mm
https://t.co/yaojRmZh6X
https://t.co/yDEsgEq1u1
https://t.co/q1okJtL1yN
https://t.co/WZv1SW3MKC
I posted a new video to Facebook https://t.co/yQdQDeVJRN
https://t.co/K5SqHcSTTO
https://t.co/4iZAF05Tvt
https://t.co/UpIVN1K4S9
I might want to push an IPO up in the ass of the market, I need 15.4 Billion dollars to keep my ventures going.
Good business practices include treating employees and customers right otherwise failure is an outcome.
https://t.co/BPJq6raLbc
https://t.co/tYlti3Qqf0
https://t.co/JtpWYbFHWw
The Working Man! https://t.co/DeEsKEHDEr via @YouTube
The Groove! https://t.co/LBJPjajcvL via @YouTube
The Sound of Silence! https://t.co/wxrusWfsgs via @YouTube
Galactic Vibes https://t.co/7VpA4RKCWb via @YouTube
Keep on keeping on! https://t.co/YeJK225mYY via @YouTube
Let the music rock! https://t.co/11OM9zrcu0 via @YouTube
The Dragon Fist https://t.co/ZvbHsn411g
The Dragon Fist https://t.co/YriNPd0LLO via @YouTube
I honor the firemen who lost their lives in the course of battling wild fires in upstate California. May their families be strong!
I want to own a few big banks in the US. Can I attract everyone to put their money in my most secure and safest banks in the world?
https://t.co/BzHd0ltOmX
I want " King Charley" to be a great character with class of excellence and  greatness.
https://t.co/LBJ6hWlWVO
https://t.co/ohx5EZsKDV
The people speak English, I speak bottom line. Alright?
You speak English, I speak bottom line.
https://t.co/v3CNpQO76l
https://t.co/nO50Gmlfr9
The Sound of Silence! https://t.co/7LHMNy0PRl
The Working Man! https://t.co/OSPUPrWbbk
https://t.co/kTEZQ6gxHB
I want to buy 100 thousands acres of land in mainland China, the beautiful. The global market is empty without China.
We have seen a generation of excellent actors, artists that have marked the hall of fame and the art of excellence till this day amazingly.
Have a wonderful weekend everyone and get plenty of rest!
I want to try at least one season of the "King Charley movie series" and see how that goes. Wish me luck!
Corporate culture of responsibility is about building a sustainable global economy with free enterprise.
https://t.co/8Rug9ObZTE
The Lost Horizon https://t.co/evVJq4RY3L
The Fire of Energy! https://t.co/1egTRdU45C
The Working Man! https://t.co/OSPUPrWbbk
The Sound of Silence! https://t.co/7LHMNy0PRl
Keep things simple people. It's not that complicated. When you need to fuck. just say the damn thing! Alright?
https://t.co/dpyDTEISSB
https://t.co/5OFq6mz6my
https://t.co/cI6kjxmY6k
https://t.co/nv3C42tm4F
I have always remembered this one sentence in college: "Finish what you start."
When you remained focused, you can't help succeed at whatever it is you want to accomplish.
America is as strong as its weakest link; the challenge relies in strengthening those weakest links.
https://t.co/ownVwNAioP
https://t.co/1v8KxWgYPA
https://t.co/J8dkF8sYmX
https://t.co/MYyIYvExag
If you are not motivated for success, get trained and have what it takes, how can you run a multi million dollar inventory?
Self-motivation is important in achieving success.
I like to listen to thinkers that can make a difference in my thinking to make me a success. Alright?
Every success is a success but I like to talk about sustainable success.
Success comes when you are mentally wealthy.
Although society need ensure everyone's success via education and opportunity.
When you want success and you want it bad, you go for it make it happen.
I need an excellent, amazing, glorious and hors pair outfit for "King Charley", a great  character that I have created. Any suggestion?
https://t.co/XtiBYY9VRf
My success depends on the success of everyone in my team, company.
Success begins in the mind, with your thoughts.
Your best and first product is you.
https://t.co/gQXrATwfSE
https://t.co/qA4x9XDQUm
https://t.co/D4HrCnJBML
Good night everyone!
When was the last time you guys treat yourselves good by attending a great concert with some amazing performers? Spend some money on you to look pretty!
What is better than creating a global atmosphere where everyone cares? Corporate america wants to create a culture that is good for business, a culture of integrity, strong ethics and outstanding professional conducts. Alright?
Hope can be incarnated in our behavior, language,  every picture that we  post every day right here while making a sustainable difference in society and mankind in  general.
I am  creating a Foundation and not a political party at least not quite yet. The foundation will the purpose of standing by the non profits that are in line with our causes by providing them with fundings and goods from my companies.
Building ventures that ca sustain the economy for generations to come is  a major undertaking. Alright?
In the next 10 years, we will have created more millionaires than any other decades in the history of the US.
I want to create many millionaires right here in Hollywood much like in Wall Street before I leave Earth.
Anyone who acts excellently on any of my sets is becoming famous. Alright?
I want to see my pictures in each major theater on the globe. That's big.
My next movie has a 300 million dollars budget. Alright?
I want the best actors, directors and co producers to cast my movies. Alright?
I am not in business to fuck around, play around or joke  around  with anybody. I am in business to make money and keep my money.
Remember, remember, I don't come to Hollywood to play with anyone. If we have to kick ass, we will be glad to do just that.
I still believe that the market is strong everywhere and there is a lot of money to be made out there. Alright?
Motion picture is the most artistic, interactive and excellent marketing media ever invented and I am a promoter. Alright?
Now, I want to find cures for cancer, tumor, HIV/AIDS virus and other terminal illnesses. Alright?
Now, I am about big business, big money, gold, real estate, energy and make the world a better place.
Now, outside of that, we are about work, wall Street, business and making things happen. Alright?
Now, in Hollywood, I and the Deputy Sheriff, DHS, Law Enforcement system are one much like everywhere else. Alright?
Now, if we tell a man to get busy, so he shall do. If I tell a man, run, stop, bend, kneel, dunk, so he shall do. Alright?
That means I am fully trained to defend myself in Hollywood, on the street and much like anywhere else in any setting.
Now, I am a but kicker, jaw breaker, leg breaker, neck breaker, spine eliminator and I  do that in one or two moves. Alright?
Now, If you think I am going let some punk ass, two face motherfucker mess with what we have, it won't happen.
Like my dad, I did not know how to cheat in school but I worked by but off to get the grades.
Daddy worked construction, he manufactured fine amazing furniture beyond our expectations.
We did not get to see dad much but it felt like he was always there.
I was passionate by his workmanship.
My dad worked 6 days a week and left home 4AM to 6PM every day, except when he worked in his shop at home.
The Honorable late "Saint- Germain Charles" was a powerful dad with amazing influence upon us.
My dad was a great source of laughter each afternoon after work. After dinner, it was fun moments with daddy talk.
https://t.co/kixIb5Bs5h
https://t.co/30jqMVBbCr
People travel from all over the Planet to Orlando, Vegas, Hollywood, New Orleans, Colorado, We want to remain the top touristic destination on Earth.
Humor, comedy, laughter, and entertainment make our lives so much easier. Don't they?
We still have many great artists rocking the music industry and many have put a great mark in the arts of excellence.
Some people think the pages I have here are not just goals but current projects to be executed. Alrght?
Is winning 500 million dollars to be considered success or pure luck? When is it success and when is it pure luck? Have fun!
Hoping that President Trump would make trading with China easier rather than more difficult. China is a supersize market and a great partner in the global economy. Sweet people!
Individual freedom is an important factor in being a success in the American way. Alright?
Reducing group think, group living by creating striving communities of strengthened people with a difference of personality and unique traits of freedom and individuality is great living that leads to success.
Be strong my friends!
I am driven by a simple financial equation: p+p'=P, i.e Product+ Performance= Profitability. Great products sell themselves and Ensure customer satisfaction. Become a great performer and make a difference! You are the product and your best brand!
I need 50,000 acres of land somewhere in Africa pretty soon. Alright?
Land, land, land. I need to buy 50, 000 acres of land somewhere in Africa.
https://t.co/CjKvVC3dZL
https://t.co/iwo1w9IXXz
https://t.co/cH2t2AUYOn
Solar energy is a natural and readily available source of energy and it's clean. The Sun is so beautiful and so majestic.
What's the point of utilizing resources and build, create things that people don't want? Hun?
Customer satisfaction is everything when it comes to boosting sales and running a profitable venture. Alright?
If one makes a product and consumers are terribly dissatisfied with it,  chances are the maker never thought about the user in the making process.
Wall Street needs to uphold the very ethics that make it strong to sustain a lasting global free market economy.
How can good politicians sleep at night when they have so much to  consider?
I have 3 projects amounting to 16 billion dollars that must be executed within the next 10 years or so. Alright?
I have 3 projects amounting to 16 billion dollars that must executed within the next 10 or so. Alright?
Great beings such as King, Mandela, Gandhi, Mother Teresa are hard to come up with but other great beings will rise from the bottom.
If you have a few million dollars you are not using, my Foundation can use them. Alright?
Our Foundation will partner with  NGOs such as the UN and others similar ones to provide alternatives solutions.
Reducing or eliminating the effects of coal, gas, oil will be taken into consideration to reduce air pollution.
Become a success so you can make a difference that lasts all over the world.
When we build a brand which then becomes a success, we don't want to lose it. Alright?
People want raise, bonuses, but performance must dictate why spend such money on payroll.
When you surround yourself with people who love to take the initiative to get things done, you work a lot less to be a success.
If you love what what you do and you do it with passion and excellence, you already are a success of performance.
Two challenges we face every day are hiring the right talents and get capitals for our projects and will always be there.
Partner with America to make the world great again. Will you? https://t.co/G7iGjdi5Cv
My economic strategies will ensure every work able body has job in many places in the global labor force if possible.
No one should be left behind whether in America, Asia, Europe or Africa. Be strong!
Success does not mean we own everything but it is ensure that they are used to better mankind.
The real success sees through that  human rights and dignity are preserved everywhere.
Success and humanism should be fused into one reality of life.
https://t.co/l65iF8upoi
My two favorite topics are business and women. That's enough for me.
I have two topics in life: Business and women and that's enough for me. Alright?
Should banks be regulated or deregulated? Excessive regulations on banks and Wall Street may prevent a free market economy.
We have problem of psychic and spiritual thieves in our neckerdhoods and they seem to go undetected. lol
Movies are some of favorite creations, big screen is the way go pretty soon.. Big money, big money projects!
Movies are some of my favorite creations and I hope that we can make it to the big screen pretty soon with an award winning motion picture. Those types of projects digest big money, big money. Alright?
We are moving forward with the next generation of men women via innovation in high tech industries globally. Alright?
As we grow, we will need responsible men and women to take responsibility and lead, manage with us. Alright?
Get energized and be great everyone!
I am committed to providing a reliable alternative source of energy and ensure that I beat all my competitions on environmental issues.
I am  committed to provide a reliable alternative source of energy  and ensure that I beat my competitions on environmental issues. A:right?
ZOOM0006 https://t.co/VCfRuwKED6 via @YouTube
The Sound of Silence! https://t.co/7LHMNy0PRl
The Sound of Silence! https://t.co/wxrusWfsgs via @YouTube
The Working Man! https://t.co/DeEsKEHDEr via @YouTube
The Working Man! https://t.co/OSPUPrWbbk
The Fire of Energy! https://t.co/1egTRdU45C
The Fire of Energy! https://t.co/3TiXqm1ImS via @YouTube
The Lost Horizon https://t.co/1fPBWPrrHQ via @YouTube
The Lost Horizon https://t.co/evVJq4RY3L
https://t.co/zvbbs2LOrJ
https://t.co/3YZpxq2Ww9
See, my Father was a man of utmost integrity, a fighter, a hardworking man whom I admired and loved.
We have passion for greatness and excellence in everything that we do.
We are Knights, we fear indifference to our family, society and mankind in general.
See, we are knights and as such, it isn't death that we fear most but indifference.
We are and will always be as strong as our weakest link.
Responsible people make responsible decisions to be a success.
I require everyone of my managers to give to charity with a great heart.
I am determined to pay everyone who works for me on a management position so they don't need to depend on a another job.
Most people have had more than enough money to live successfully and enjoy life.
Some people think making more money will make them a success when they could only manage what they have got now.
We must put some effort into it to be a success learning the right set of data and information. Ok?
To be a success, one must stay away from the wrong crowds and join the performers of excellence. Ok?
Success is not an easy journey but let it be well rewarding .
Innovation is everything because I believe in the next generation of performers. Ok?
America is a strong leader in the global economy in every sector of industries and  we want to beat our competition in every aspect.
When I sell you a product, I want it to make you strong and great.
But if you have to be talkative, make it your career and get paid for it.
To be financially free and independent, it takes self discipline just like everything else in life.
If I were to die and leave you, the one thing I would want you to remember is to stay productive and less talkative.
I believe productive people are naturally great beings who deserve respect.
Everyone has a right to be somebody no matter where you are on the Planet.
See, when you are determined to move forward, nothing can stop you unless you stop yourself.
If you buy my products and you don't like them, you have a right to a full refund.
We make products that are reliable and dependable.
The multiplication of words don't make the world better but each breath that we take and each step that we take to build something.
The world would be just empty without each one of you.
My people are my consumers, customers, clients and fans worldwide.
All of us Americans, Africans, Asians and Europeans are no more but one people, different races
What''s the purpose of life if we can't stand for something?
Our commitment to integrity, courage, respect, and the quest for excellence are for ever renewed to make a difference.
Great governments stand by their people, the working class and the bourgeoisie every step of the way.
The accomplished dreamer embraces a big picture to get the most done.
To land on higher grounds, one must shoot one's arrows up high.
https://t.co/jMIvQQaJyi
https://t.co/s365ee6Exx
https://t.co/dixSChirvm
Hollywood https://t.co/jdohKtJfp8
https://t.co/GNQZ3N9HDF
Be free and prosperous!
https://t.co/S0tcXJGKP0
Get money!
Whatever you do, be excellence and be great. (310) 720-4855
Original Pride of Excellence"is required to build strong communities.  (310) 720-4855
My companies are going strong. We are going to need investors to invest with me in real estate with millions and millions of dollars. Some projects will take billions of dollars. Be ready  when we start advertising... https://t.co/LI167UjK5W
The market environment has hustlers who may be managers and CEOs who are leaders. Whether you are a CEO or a manager, we need everybody. I am a Super CEO with a super Ego called " Greed" which means who ever you... https://t.co/lNBL9h9HP3
Building strong communities begins with you.
Global leadership is no easy task whether it is for Trump, the Senators, or the CEOs striving to make our businesses strong to strengthen the US in a global market with lots of jobs for all those who want to work. We favor work over everything else. (310) 720-4855
Remember, remember, remember we are knights and as such , we live by the sword and die by it if need be. Alright? (310) 720-4855
Our struggle and challenge to deliver don't come just in getting money, finding money and making money to create create jobs for ourselves  and others to create great leaders of today and of tomorrow to guarantee the future. Alright? ( 310) 720-4855
Remember, remember, remember, I am 1000 percent product driven. I you don't want to keep up with the game, it's your fault, not ours. Alright? (310) 720-4855
That's why we are not just here to tell when you are screwing up but we want to work with you step by step and take you where you need to be. We want to leave no one behind but we are going to stop looking forward. My engine runs 24/7 and 365/365. Alright? (310) 720-4855
See, one of our greatest challenges come from turning negatives into positives, trying to make things work, finding why they don't work and find new ways to make them work. That's what scientists, progressives,... https://t.co/bYSg0esgxZ
Since I was a boy, I grew up among those that were trying, striving and fighting to turn things around for the better. (310) 720-4855
I did  not come on this Planet to bring you down but to lift you up and better you in every aspect of your life every day in our products, services and everything else that we are doing. (310) 720-4855
One thing I learned in my early years in to thrive for excellence no matter whether we were weak or strong. If you are weak, get strong and if you are strong, get stronger. Alright? (310) 720-4855.
I am city boy with a cowboy background which simply means I was born and spent my early years  on the farm but grew up in the city. Alright? (310) 720-4855
Many people say they are going to do and they never do shit. But if, Jean-Esdrace Charles, tells you he's going to do something, better believe him. Alright? Man, I love the Island.
Sometimes I have the feeling that I was there when Haiti was a real perle in the Carribean. Now, we want the Haitian people to benefit from the fruits of the land, the wealth of the land. Alright?
Hopefully, we can bring a lot of jobs in Haiti and be a part of development process of the Island. We can do this. Alright?
For some reason, I just want to  share a few thoughts on my sweet love, Haiti, my prime babe, my pumpkin, who has not had good luck to be great like some other nations are on the Planet but I still Hold her up high... https://t.co/CfR0SNbJLi
The island may be small but the people have  great hearts, Haitians along with our Dominican brothers and sisters. Beautiful island with great beaches, Coco trees, Palm trees, tropical music, the troubadour, the... https://t.co/heK5tfQAYd
I grew up with a bunch of people of excellence from artists, scientists, musicians, cool people back in Haiti, the Beaulah land, my sweetheart, a place with lots of histories and beautiful memories. We studied hard... https://t.co/sLynyq0ysX
Do you only like those who like you as a person or those who want to push you to the extra mile of excellence?
Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do. Pele
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. Winston Churchill https://t.co/ISvUHT1sip
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved. Helen Keller
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it. Bruce Lee
Self-belief and hard work will always earn you success. Virat Kohli
Some people dream of success, while other people get up every morning and make it happen. Wayne Huizenga
Your positive action combined with positive thinking results in success. Shiv Khera
Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do.	 Pele
If you're going through hell, keep going. Winston Churchill
First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.	 Mahatma Gandhi
America will never be destroyed from the outside. If we falter and lose our freedoms, it will be because we destroyed ourselves. Abraham Lincoln
No dream is too big. No challenge is too great. Nothing we want for our future is beyond our reach. Donald Trump
https://t.co/RwyPtPNcve
Everybody good?
How is the weekend coming everyone?
If you don't stand by our rightful and legitimate causes, the Taliban will hire you to achieve their terrorist activities.
It's not the money you make that makes you a success, it's how you use and enjoy your money that makes you a success. Alright?
Now, we are not interested in  teaching people how to use money but how to put their skills, knowledge, talents, abilities to good use that will make them money. Now, If you don't know how to use your money, just put... https://t.co/VU7Al46n6P
Real successful people use money successfully and properly to achieve freedom but are never used by money in a way to fail them. Alright?
https://t.co/zm8xfzIABM
What the fuck is wrong with these picture loadings?
I am unsatiable when it comes to pussy. Pussy makes me think positively. Lol
Being a success mean to stand out and be exceptional! https://t.co/1h5aN9M4ed
You know, gold is an expensive commodity. I touch this, it turns gold like magic. Lol https://t.co/THK6o5LPkJ
Every cell in my brain is made of gold. https://t.co/TOttkyQF9u
Every day I wake up with a pounding headache where to find money to fund a new big project. https://t.co/InEfrGm5dc
Being a man of big responsibility is no easy task at all. https://t.co/kO4Od5lS1x
Having so much on my mind makes me think about money, money, money, millions of and Billions.
I hope to have offices in over 200 countries in the world. https://t.co/bIQjVHS7A8
I  travel a lot in my professional career to plant new offices, meet executives, network with other industry leaders. https://t.co/Dx6bZ23T0E
Success means work hard, make money and enjoy life abundantly. Ok? https://t.co/TH1ACQr5gN
I grew up with a desire to create nothing but beauty, excellence, greatnes, wealth...inspired by my dad. https://t.co/c2oPz2wBmv
Once I went to my dad and told him, I want to be like you. How can you create such fine works with your hands? https://t.co/GzPva5tv04
I was 8 years old watching my Father work with passion and excellence. https://t.co/o4TLQN7OeZ
Great products made by diligent hands and fingers are, at times, better than machines. https://t.co/LkYF7dcrLz
Have you seen a beautiful woman that you always wanted to just touch gently? My goodness! https://t.co/KJra85Bmh4
I grew up seeing my dad creating fine works with his hands every day; beautiful works. https://t.co/1IN2xD2Vyr
I always like to take my father as a maker of excellence. https://t.co/IdivOS5aeY
Products, products, products are Kings on a manufacturing stand point. https://t.co/fLM9KbNXHV
Attracting and keeping great talents is a major executive function. Right? https://t.co/8uBxrD4H50
How can you run a trillion dollars company with second hand employees? Hun? https://t.co/1Wae0RHF7y
To run a successful business, venture, company, one must be surrounded by the best talents. https://t.co/fuORGAWdIO
Socialists are poor thinkers and it is due to an environmental issued in terms of how people were raise or grew up. They have lower IQs too. Ok? https://t.co/324rSofy66
My network is filled with leaders of excellence  and exceptionalism. Finding the essence that makes an individual unique as a producer and performer to reward them accordingly. https://t.co/3LCug9k3gd
I don't like communists and those with socialist agendas. https://t.co/u3NmML7l45
America has been filled with socialists with communistic thinking. They create co-ops all over New York, California and many more States. https://t.co/SMKokhkapq
Greed is good. It is evil that is not good! https://t.co/KlqIoieWX6
Without greed, peak performance is almost impossible. https://t.co/U9vPkeHFwn
Greed is good! https://t.co/1d76m243J8
It's ok to be  a little greedy! https://t.co/LhEyJPvhfh
When you doubt yourself, you ingest negative thoughts into your psyche and such mental predisposition qualifies you for faiure. You can't do much good when your brain, thought are filled with gabage!
When one is about becoming a success, thought patterns must shape your life accordingly, your thinking and your actions become in line with your thoughts to take you to prosperity, wealth and financial success. Alright?
I admire great piliticians and I will fight for them every step of the way to secure our freedom, that's a great promise. Alright?
I never liked the idea of flanking out of grad school because I was a great student, A-rated student, alright? But some of us needed to flank out to be great knowing that we can make it happen anywhere and in any setting. Alright?
Honestly, I don't like millionaires of averageability much. Althought  they might have made it  financially or socially and even politically.  They are not great thinkers and don't qualify for the Sapphire  Club... https://t.co/EmjJPzExf1
Our freedom is our rights to bear arms, acquire, maintain and secure properties, wealth, preserve, protect mankind, right to individualism. Until next time, we go hard!
But today, we are in the business of making and creating millionaires. I want to create more millionaires than Obama and Trump combined and without having to touch politics at all. Alright?
When I went to grad school, I was on a dual doctorate program. I love doctorates so much that one was not enough, I wanted to have three of them but time was not on my side.
10 years ago, I made a promise to all Great US and great world piliticians. I want to reinforce and keep that promise as I don't want to brake my promises. A great knight keeps up with his promise. Alright?
In my office, I only deal with money and top executive issues. If you call me, email me, text me, let it be business related or money related, or serious talk. If I talk to you that means I take you seriously. Ok?... https://t.co/KlOhTn4K6T
My function is to raise money and make money. That's it.
Be great and be strong and bold. Be nothing less than a success, be great and be prosperous!
I don't want to average out anything. Ok?  I need top producers who want to give it, not a fair shot but the best shot with 200% of themselves. Averaging is only a statistical determination of precision and accuracy, not if performance and success.
I like to run a company that can be number one in every aspect from the bottom to the top.
Some people come in business for the wrong reasons, all the wrong motives overlooking excellence and peak performance of quality . All they do is offer crappy services and products that people don't want. Ok?
Failed products, failed medical practices and pharmaceuticals will not strengthen our balance sheet.
Great executives and CEO are those who want to be the best in their game to lead a badass company that can produce successful goods that will NOT fail us. Ok?
Bruce Lee did not just wake up and found himself to be a badass martial artist in Hollywood. He worked his ass off every day till he got it right. Ok?
One may have natural abilities but it takes work to polish them.
Some people fear of making mistakes and never attempt anything in their life but still want to be a success.
Be excellent and stand out from the crowd.
Walk tall and be great! If you can't walk tall, get a cane and still stand tall!
To me, money is blood business. No one mess with my money.
To some people, business intelligence means stealing, scamming, camouflaging, embezzling to make it to the top. If they never get caught, that's intelligence but zero integrity.
I love making money, teach others how to make money as well so they can take of family, be rich, prosperous and financially stable. Ok? I don't like people with stealing intelligence.
I don't know about everyone else. I work really hard to make money. Money is like blood in my veins. Some people hustle really hard to make money and others are just looking for occasion to steal it.
Some bankers are thieves. When I open my bank, I want to have all monies in my bank and everybody can rest assured that  their money will be well protected, safe and earning interest and dividends paid on time... https://t.co/0tmiyvM9PO
A lot of banks are quick at stealing people's money, but when it comes to making things run smoothly for customers and consumers and other small businesses, they are act slow, dumb and stupid. That makes me think... https://t.co/T7Fw3nxYyI
https://t.co/WLpQjZLSLs
https://t.co/2sBTpPPwcD
https://t.co/qi6jQeFLLv
https://t.co/WnwzA3h5j5
https://t.co/dXQQ1WMFrF
My passion and integrity lie in product quality and the art of excellence. The best service to customers and consumers purchasing something they want more of by saying"  Oh my gosh, I want more, gime more". Alright?
A millionaire is a human being just like everyone else. Ok? They either work hard for their millionaire status or win the lotto. Who makes you think you can't be one? If you stick around me long enough, I will make you one. Don't worry!
It's ok to be different, to feel different, to stand alone, stand tall, walk tall and feel tall. Millionaires don't do what crowds do, they do what makes them stand out from the crowd. Ok?
Rule # 1, when you want to become a millionaire, you learn how to think like one of those, do what they do, Hun, read the books they read, go to places they go, request an interview with one of those, get in their habits. Alright?
If you want your company to survive and become a success, that's the type of talent one ought to attract and keep. Otherwise, your venture and failure are in the same basket.
Great products require conscious workers to do a conscious effort that will allow everyone to succeed in your a company.
Do you want work in a company with a bunch of people who can't produce, can't perform, they slack for 8 hours, watch others work and never anything done on their own and then they want a raise. What kind of crap is that?
Those who want to finish strong don't settle for less. Why chose less when you can have more?
Hard work towards becoming a success is not about giving people a hard time, it is about  being the best, being a bad-ass at what you do and be proud about your stance and you have absolutely no excuse to make to anyone for choosing to be great.
Which ones of you got your grades in colleges effortlessly? or were handed down to you by a professor that liked you? That would be condoning mediocrity. Right?
Becoming a success overnight is just not easy. It does take hard work and determination to climb up the ladder. We need to have the gut to carry on every day to do things we know will take us to the next level in... https://t.co/PadOUOtgm2
In life, we have losers and winners. Which one do you choose to be?
Some people start strong and finish weak. If you're not going to finish what you started, don't start at all. In my lifetime, I have learned to both a starter and a finisher and I want to finish strong and bold. Are you with me?
https://t.co/kZZeMB0AZR
Music is the essence that fuels the soul and mind much like blood is the essence that fuels the body. Music is like a cohesive and bonding element of spirituality and society  to uphold the "art of excellence" in every aspect of mankind. https://t.co/72ACbuWXZ6
I am for your success. I will show you step by step how to get some of my money so you can joy life and do the things you love doing. Stick around!  (310) 720-4855 and
How do you get some of my money? Such questions I will answer pretty soon. (310) 720-4855
https://t.co/fpj5bEhiGY
https://t.co/dP2Y6cI0D0
https://t.co/rq2OoTjgIg
https://t.co/gQrMnfFoQd
https://t.co/BJxYVd6jHg
https://t.co/qMfKpWAL3o
https://t.co/YQh9Q6N6mQ
https://t.co/ckdJnm4m2y
I will be throwing some fundraising events for philanthropic purposes. I will need everyone to join hands with me on that when I do. Be strong! Ok? (310) 720-4855, https://t.co/OnWhbzYH6e
I am determined to make a difference by giving back to society, raising funds for other non profits as needed through my Foundation and make the world a better place for all. We have many causes that we hold dearly... https://t.co/eK5UHyB0wj
Thanks for caring everyone and know that you matter. Our life is dedicated to finding new ways to improve mankind in everything that we do through our ventures, our foundation and all other events. https://t.co/BARQEhJysx
https://t.co/frkN5w7Qkn
https://t.co/tnySh18ffd
Hope you guys had a great week and are ready for great weekend. (310) 720-4855, https://t.co/OnWhbzYH6e
The Earth's core is about as hot as the sun.
It takes 8 minutes and 20 seconds for light to travel from the sun to the earth.
Fact!
The Queen of the UK is the legal owner of one-sixth of the Earth's land surface
Science
If you drilled a tunnel straight through the Earth and jumped in, it would take you about 42 minutes to get to the other side.
1.3 million Earths could fit inside the sun, an average-sized star.
New findings!
Customer satisfaction is guaranteed by great products and nothing else matters. https://t.co/Z1FqUZUrA6
Building a network of loyal customers is hard work and you are not alone.
If customers can't be satisfied, businesses can't survive and we lose profit.
Nothing is more rewarding than having customers who are in love with your products and your services.
https://t.co/HpH9JPRdqy
https://t.co/wKXsMjPMiK
Are all the ladies happy in the house?
https://t.co/8iQM1ekFZ6
The Groove! https://t.co/LBJPjajcvL via @YouTube
" When you take your success seriously, new ways open up to ensure that you succeed regardless of what the nay sayers are saying." Enjoy a new groove! https://t.co/mIM2frut0l
https://t.co/P6x5DRYtuT
https://t.co/CejLc4xZzh
https://t.co/rzK389zgKc
Feel free to contact me for any question on any of the services that we offer. My direct line is (310) 720-4855 My office works around the clock to serve you. We'll upgrade everything in order to better serve you.
Hello everybody! How is your summer coming along so far? This is your mega money guy!
Marc Zuckerberg , tell your guys not to fuck or block anything on my account when I am doing business. Otherwise, I will take my business elsewhere. Ok? I have money on the line. If I cannot rely on your site for... https://t.co/b2N6iXLgzt
https://t.co/cdPqXoOJbb
https://t.co/emGrOLZ5GY
https://t.co/JjAywjerZT
Marc Zuckerberg ,tell your guys not to fuck or block anything on my account when I am doing business. Otherwise, I will take my business elsewhere. Ok. We have money on the line.
Be a success!
Success comes in different ways, paths, methods, patterns, systems, but one thing I can assure you is that it all takes hard work, some say smart work. Smart work is just more intellectual than physical. Any how, it... https://t.co/OrHDq8xjKW
https://t.co/FAFsC2YV2b
https://t.co/FJBerwyAHh
https://t.co/YmyRyGloCf
https://t.co/P56CQTjTlf
Next year, I hope to see more flags out there in the streets of every city on 4th of July in the US. Hope you enjoyed the fireworks!
https://t.co/U5BvbKmhbg
https://t.co/SgnuiOxDTq
https://t.co/nzhUYp7EqA
https://t.co/ricSJkxhTH
https://t.co/QIiQv7EAsx
Big money, big money, big money need to be spent. Billions are to be made within the next few years to create products that you can rely upon.
https://t.co/aE0GdwAykR
https://t.co/qijPHPIU8j
https://t.co/0CBpEI2U70
https://t.co/8uFQVb2Wcp
https://t.co/q5GaUQn41e
The urge for profit maximization is ever present but market credibility is far more important to ensure economic sustainability in the long run.
https://t.co/k2g1M37BMZ
I have managed to develop over 13 sources of income to achieve financial success and freedom. Hard work sure brings success to those who refuse to give up. Are you guys enjoying the World Cup at all?
https://t.co/TrW3AE6SYI
https://t.co/bR56vT3aAS
https://t.co/SxBbgHGuWi
Summer 2018! by Jean-Esdrace Charles https://t.co/yn3TcCUcnm
Summer 2018! by Jean-Esdrace Charles https://t.co/yn3TcCUcnm #musicmakerjam
Beauty Pageant, win a new car, $10,000.00 cash, a $25,000.00 fury coat, a $15,000.00 ring plus more. Contact us @ (310) 720-4855 or staffingconsultings@gmail.com. Ask 4 Jean-Esdrace https://t.co/qUE9xcT8gQ
The Groove! https://t.co/LBJPjajcvL via @YouTube
https://t.co/v3Bh6EB7Kg
https://t.co/WO2fSzlRSf
https://t.co/bLYhSkiWIo
https://t.co/mvlD0BZjRj
Beauty Pageant, win a new car, $10,000.00 cash, a $25,000.00 fury coat, a $15,000.00 ring plus more. Contact us @ (310) 720-4855 or staffingconsultings@gmail.com. Ask 4 Jean-Esdrace https://t.co/8mp3pa9Pj1
Beauty Pageant, win a new car, $10,000.00 cash, a $25,000.00 fury coat, a $15,000.00 ring plus more. Contact us @ (310) 720-4855 or staffingconsultings@gmail.com. Ask 4 Jean-Esdrace https://t.co/KLPGzYKPb5
https://t.co/KbEIz0A5TZ
https://t.co/5fVnvaD8Sn
https://t.co/yWUXGQcvYz
https://t.co/HwG7VKNiMv
Great weekend everyone! 	emailme@jean-esdracecharles.com	"Beauty Pageant, We Buy Properties"
Want to get rid of a house? Divorce? Relocating? We'll buy your house fast. Call our office at ( 310) 720-4855 ! https://t.co/ncmRWutFD8
Wan to sell  lands and other properties, We'll buy them. Contact our office at (310) 720-4855 https://t.co/S85x6x9PRM
Learn to stay alert, aware, focus and on task by attending one of our workshops on meditations in one of our cities on a 3-day weekend program. Participation fee is $500.00 per person and $ 900.00  per couple. Dates and locations TBA. https://t.co/PpOmbETCX1
For all your Payroll &amp; bookkeeping needs anywhere in the US, contact our office at (310) 720-4855. Thank you https://t.co/eGLjQH6G0U
Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents... https://t.co/RWRVzzti0w
We don't need a wall to stop Mexicans from illigally crossing US borders. Better immigration policies are necessary and border control, of course, to control who's crossing where and screen out illigal aliens. I could use some of the "Wall money" in my company. Seriously!
Beauty Pageant, win a new car, $10,000.00 cash, a $25,000.00 fury coat, a $15,000.00 ring plus more. Contact us @ (310) 720-4855 or staffingconsultings@gmail.com. Ask 4 Jean-Esdrace https://t.co/NPUOoU7DxA
https://t.co/MS2FfKG3SB
https://t.co/i1EqEBXC8d
https://t.co/jnSGncEqOY
https://t.co/NvkkcoiHZH
https://t.co/tUkHGSKqid
https://t.co/swKBbdG3ER
https://t.co/MF42lmlpMH
Beauty Pageant, win a new car, $10,000.00 cash, a $25,000.00 fury coat, a $15,000.00 ring plus more. Contact us @ (310) 720-4855 or staffingconsultings@gmail.com. Ask 4 Jean-Esdrace https://t.co/pUqCUQE2qB
https://t.co/EhrvAGMZ0r
Beauty Pageant, win a new car, $10,000.00 cash, a $25,000.00 fury coat, a $15,000.00 ring plus more. Contact us @ (310) 720-4855 or staffingconsultings@gmail.com. Ask 4 Jean-Esdrace
Children have lots of fun when they come to Orlando and that's what make it attractive and soon "Charlesville" will be one of the top US destinations for children worldwide. https://t.co/LOH89pKu4t
https://t.co/DxzW6MBBkE
https://t.co/NuUly6z6oo
https://t.co/Ollu2GHjLM
https://t.co/grVXsy2TmN
https://t.co/5R2lhqJ6xX
https://t.co/EsS8ZiEe2s
https://t.co/qqysVoLbUh
https://t.co/9ee883hRZ4
https://t.co/NSX290bU0u
https://t.co/IFDcJFoZnz
https://t.co/GZnYf8S2Ww
https://t.co/XirNFy67Rg
https://t.co/mENLawkkeT
https://t.co/BD4SAJP88g
https://t.co/szB8h7BN1W
Want to sell your house? We want to buy it.from you. All 50 US States qualify. Call my office at (310) 720-4855 or send email to staffingconsultings@gmail.com for more details. https://t.co/JvdkYXMe1R
BEAUTY PAGEANT with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts to win. Showcase your talents at the Beauty... https://t.co/wquo1bB8Rf
Sometimes a dictator can be useful to instill democracy in the lengthy process of creating a democratic republic but not one who wants to use nuclear weapons against anyone.
To prepare for a Beauty Pageant Audition, bring the best version of you to the table. Get Ready to register! Entry fee is only: $400/person. Call! (310) 720-4855
Real Estate is pretty lucrative.
Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents... https://t.co/J6Iidx32IG
Jamming musicians
Although I am having our web designer build a site for each separate business activity in the long run, I want you guys to get used to https://t.co/OnWhbzYH6e and click on desired link...for the type of service that you need. https://t.co/BoLRiUyf2q
The website, https://t.co/OnWhbzYH6e is a legitimate, safe and secure site that I own  and it is getting ready for business globally. My name is the DBA for both Global Resources and Energy Distribution, LLC and Jean-Esdrace Charles,... https://t.co/BoLRiUyf2q
I had to watch a few musicians jamming the following getting ready for a gig. I have a legal right to share this jam session with you guys. Ok? Enjoy...
https://t.co/nUahZe1b7K
https://t.co/IOG1FsOgYt
https://t.co/wyxsnJCd45
https://t.co/BYRZKvmjAO
https://t.co/k7aorH3wYA
https://t.co/6BQJdUYF1o
The Tea Party Billionaire of America is strong and will always be strong. So Global Resources and Energy Distribution, LLC and Jean-Esdrace Charles, LLC are determined to stand by you all the way to the end from... https://t.co/3ZoibmSIKG
The World cup is going strong in Russia and I believe it must be really fun. Play well everyone! https://t.co/CJG94bgCC0
Hey guys, be patient, the https://t.co/OnWhbAgiuO website is being built so you buy quality products of exceley and register for the Pageant. Be patient and stay well! https://t.co/BoLRiUPQr0
I hope Kim will keep his words in maintaining order in the area. It's a step to come out with an agreement that nuclear weapons ought to be off the table. The use of such a weapon is not just a threat but a major criminal activity against mankind. Good luck everyone!
Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents... https://t.co/ie2Gu1DR8m
@SharpsBarbers Beauty Pageant, prizes of $10,000, a lifetime Sapphire Club Membership up to $80,000/ year, $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat +more. Showcase your talents at World-class Beauty Pageant and win big. Details at (310) 720-4855, https://t.co/Ms2sSa9TAG  and https://t.co/OnWhbzYH6e.
@SharpsBarbers Beauty Pageant, prizes of $10,000, a lifetime Sapphire Club Membership up to $80,000/ year, $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat +more. Showcase your talents at World-class Beauty Pageant and win big. Details at (310) 720-4855, https://t.co/Ms2sSa9TAG  and https://t.co/OnWhbzYH6e.
@SherrodBrown @1SpiderMan2018 Beauty Pageant, prizes of $10,000, a lifetime Sapphire Club Membership up to $80,000/ year, $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat +more. Showcase your talents at World-class Beauty Pageant and win big. Details at (310) 720-4855, https://t.co/Ms2sSa9TAG  and https://t.co/OnWhbzYH6e.
@seanhannity Beauty Pageant, prizes of $10,000, a lifetime Sapphire Club Membership up to $80,000/ year, $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat +more. Showcase your talents at World-class Beauty Pageant and win big. Details at (310) 720-4855, https://t.co/Ms2sSa9TAG  and https://t.co/OnWhbzYH6e.
@BESPOKESalon Beauty Pageant, prizes of $10,000, a lifetime Sapphire Club Membership up to $80,000/ year, $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat +more. Showcase your talents at World-class Beauty Pageant and win big. Details at (310) 720-4855, https://t.co/Ms2sSa9TAG  and https://t.co/OnWhbzYH6e.
@BESPOKESalon Beauty Pageant, prizes of $10,000, a lifetime Sapphire Club Membership up to $80,000/ year, $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat +more. Showcase your talents at World-class Beauty Pageant and win big. Details at (310) 720-4855, https://t.co/Ms2sSa9TAG  and https://t.co/OnWhbzYH6e.
@BESPOKESalon Beauty Pageant, prizes of $10,000, a lifetime Sapphire Club Membership up to $80,000/ year, $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat +more. Showcase your talents at World-class Beauty Pageant and win big. Details at (310) 720-4855, https://t.co/Ms2sSa9TAG  and https://t.co/OnWhbzYH6e.
@BESPOKESalon Beauty Pageant, prizes of $10,000, a lifetime Sapphire Club Membership up to $80,000/ year, $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat +more. Showcase your talents at World-class Beauty Pageant and win big. Details at (310) 720-4855, https://t.co/Ms2sSa9TAG  and https://t.co/OnWhbzYH6e.
@BESPOKESalon Beauty Pageant, prizes of $10,000, a lifetime Sapphire Club Membership up to $80,000/ year, $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat +more. Showcase your talents at World-class Beauty Pageant and win big. Details at (310) 720-4855, https://t.co/Ms2sSa9TAG  and https://t.co/OnWhbzYH6e.
@BESPOKESalon Beauty Pageant, prizes of $10,000, a lifetime Sapphire Club Membership up to $80,000/ year, $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat +more. Showcase your talents at World-class Beauty Pageant and win big. Details at (310) 720-4855, https://t.co/Ms2sSa9TAG  and https://t.co/OnWhbzYH6e.
@BESPOKESalon Beauty Pageant, prizes of $10,000, a lifetime Sapphire Club Membership up to $80,000/ year, $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat +more. Showcase your talents at World-class Beauty Pageant and win big. Details at (310) 720-4855, https://t.co/Ms2sSaruZg  and https://t.co/OnWhbAgiuO.
@BESPOKESalon Beauty Pageant, prizes of $10,000, a lifetime Sapphire Club Membership up to $80,000/ year, $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat +more. Showcase your talents at World-class Beauty Pageant and win big. Details at (310) 720-4855, https://t.co/Ms2sSa9TAG  and https://t.co/OnWhbzYH6e.
@BESPOKESalon Beauty Pageant, prizes of $10,000, a lifetime Sapphire Club Membership up to $80,000/ year, $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat +more. Showcase your talents at World-class Beauty Pageant and win big. Details at (310) 720-4855, https://t.co/Ms2sSa9TAG  and https://t.co/OnWhbzYH6e.
@TahitiSalon @lash_fx Beauty Pageant, prizes of $10,000, a lifetime Sapphire Club Membership up to $80,000/ year, $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat +more. Showcase your talents at World-class Beauty Pageant and win big. Details at (310) 720-4855, https://t.co/Ms2sSa9TAG  and https://t.co/OnWhbzYH6e.
@TahitiSalon Beauty Pageant, prizes of $10,000, a lifetime Sapphire Club Membership up to $80,000/ year, $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat +more. Showcase your talents at World-class Beauty Pageant and win big. Details at (310) 720-4855, https://t.co/Ms2sSa9TAG  and https://t.co/OnWhbzYH6e.
@TahitiSalon Beauty Pageant, prizes of $10,000, a lifetime Sapphire Club Membership up to $80,000/ year, $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat +more. Showcase your talents at World-class Beauty Pageant and win big. Details at (310) 720-4855, https://t.co/Ms2sSa9TAG  and https://t.co/OnWhbzYH6e.
@TahitiSalon Beauty Pageant, prizes of $10,000, a lifetime Sapphire Club Membership up to $80,000/ year, $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat +more. Showcase your talents at World-class Beauty Pageant and win big. Details at (310) 720-4855, https://t.co/Ms2sSa9TAG  and https://t.co/OnWhbzYH6e.
@TahitiSalon Beauty Pageant, prizes of $10,000, a lifetime Sapphire Club Membership up to $80,000/ year, $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat +more. Showcase your talents at World-class Beauty Pageant and win big. Details at (310) 720-4855, https://t.co/Ms2sSa9TAG  and https://t.co/OnWhbzYH6e.
@TahitiSalon Beauty Pageant, prizes of $10,000, a lifetime Sapphire Club Membership up to $80,000/ year, $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat +more. Showcase your talents at World-class Beauty Pageant and win big. Details at (310) 720-4855, https://t.co/Ms2sSa9TAG  and https://t.co/OnWhbzYH6e.
@TahitiSalon Beauty Pageant, prizes of $10,000, a lifetime Sapphire Club Membership up to $80,000/ year, $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat +more. Showcase your talents at World-class Beauty Pageant and win big. Details at (310) 720-4855, https://t.co/Ms2sSa9TAG  and https://t.co/OnWhbzYH6e.
@TahitiSalon Beauty Pageant, prizes of $10,000, a lifetime Sapphire Club Membership up to $80,000/ year, $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat +more. Showcase your talents at World-class Beauty Pageant and win big. Details at (310) 720-4855, https://t.co/Ms2sSa9TAG  and https://t.co/OnWhbzYH6e.
@TahitiSalon Beauty Pageant, prizes of $10,000, a lifetime Sapphire Club Membership up to $80,000/ year, $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat +more. Showcase your talents at World-class Beauty Pageant and win big. Details at (310) 720-4855, https://t.co/Ms2sSa9TAG  and https://t.co/OnWhbzYH6e.
@Bronze_Salon Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@Bronze_Salon Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@kkwbeauty @GregSwalesart @victornoblepr @nicMblais Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@kkwbeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@Zahh456 @sha00 Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@Iamgreenbeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@Iamgreenbeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@naturalhairinaz Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@JosephMartin_BH @stylesbyrosy Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@JosephMartin_BH Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents... https://t.co/ISdeSosjmZ
@joncoopertweets Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@New2018World Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@Comey Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@RealMuckmaker Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@VanSelects Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@DPLennon Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@TheRealStanLee Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@Tisaksuk Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@joncoopertweets Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@RedTRaccoon Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@SpockResists Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents... https://t.co/AToVIlkcYD
So President Trump is set to meet with the world's most dangerous dictator of all time. When I have power within my grasp,  I will not waste valuable time talking to dictators. Lol
Many Beauties are registering for the Pageant of Excellence. Keep registering! Enjoy my music of excellence!
Beauty Pageant,  Miss Galaxy!.wav	We're going strong. Keep registering!
WHOIS@tripsWithTykes
Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents... https://t.co/Ukn6mlo4VD
Je fabrique des armes de guerre, avions de guerre, helicopter de guerre, bateaux de guerre, sous marins de guerre, navettes spatiales equippees pou la guerre. Il faut pas laisser les gens te faire prendre a la... https://t.co/q92ZRav8ja
Je fabrique des armes de guerre, avions de guerre, helicopter de guerre, bateaux de guerre, sous marins de guerre, navettes spatiales equippees pou la guerre. Il faut pas laisser les gens te faire prendre a la... https://t.co/3NVVaaeGWZ
@fentybeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@fentybeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@fentybeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@fentybeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-485.
@fentybeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@fentybeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@fentybeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@LEONILUXE @fentybeauty @MakeupForWOC @MFMGirls @BeautyWOC @BahiCosmetics Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@CharlineLcl @fentybeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@celiacbeauty @fentybeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@ashtinmcfadden @fentybeauty @ABHcosmetics Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@theaimeenicole @fentybeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@fatimas_hra @fentybeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@conniesvida @fentybeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@swinfrey @fentybeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@milimelon @fentybeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@ssssummmerr @fentybeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@YouMustBeLoca @fentybeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@ohitsbreee @fentybeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@xcitizenofhellx @fentybeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@sadgirlhq @fentybeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@jessberistain @fentybeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@ZaynDiamonds @fentybeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@fentybeauty @rihanna Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@ipsy @fentybeauty @LipstickNCurls Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@tarachiang_ @fentybeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@Najmah_Omar @fentybeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@fentybeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@caffeinecoldd @fentybeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@_Noellaa @fentybeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@cabby10 @fentybeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@fentybeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@fentybeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@fentybeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@KimKardashian @kkwbeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@kkwbeauty @SabinaHannan Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@DianaChantel @kkwbeauty @YouTube Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@KimKardashian @kkwbeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@kkwbeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@kkwbeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@KimKardashian @kkwbeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@kkwbeauty @KimKardashian @BrandonLundby @makeupbyarielT @ChrisAppleton1 Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@kkwbeauty @Maryam_NYC Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@kkwbeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@ultabeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@ultabeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@ultabeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@ultabeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@ultabeauty @wetnwildbeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@ultabeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@ultabeauty @OGXBeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@ultabeauty @KeratinComplex Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@ultabeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@ultabeauty Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@ultabeauty @sexyhair Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@PackFootball @adidasFballUS Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@SpockResists Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@BrienneOfSnark_ Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-4855.
@Ginohard_ Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at the Beauty Pageant and win big. More details at (310) 720-485.
magine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a $25,000 fury coat plus more gifts. Showcase your talents at... https://t.co/is8t9MPPO9
What makes life fun is men wanting to fuck women. Right? What else is there in life besides working hard and make money? – celebrating Vodka weekend!
Restaurants that I love sell seafood, sushi, great scotch, great wine selections and staff and location are kept excellently neat everywhere.
Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant, prizes of $10,000, up to $80,000/yr Club Membership, $15,000 ring, $25,000 fury coat. Showcase your talents &amp; win big. Details at (310) 720-4855, https://t.co/Ms2sSa9TAG, https://t.co/hs83KR7h6p and https://t.co/OnWhbzYH6e. Be strong! https://t.co/UTVQwa33rH
Alright guys, if you need some very hot electronic items, you can visit my online  store branch at https://t.co/OnWhbzYH6e for hot sales, clearance and great discounts, visit it often and buy those goods.
Imagine winning our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a fury Coat worth $25,000 plus more gifts. Showcase your... https://t.co/1p9oiUAjtn
Imagine winning  our Beauty Pageant with a big cash prize of $10,000, a lifetime Gred's Sapphire Club Membership worth up to $80,000/ year, a $15,000 ring, a fury Coat worth $25,000 plus more gifts. Showcase your... https://t.co/Rxl7QJP8Ez
Win big prizes by showcasing your professional singing, dancing and poetic talents in our Beauty Pageant of Excellence. Be a winner in a professional setting that will take you far and participate to be great. More... https://t.co/qqoeEfNVol
I need real professional talents for the Pageant. People who are looking up to the entertainment industry as a career, not those who want a joyride. Ok? It's serious business with a lot of money on the line. a... https://t.co/eGZGLdCG3e
In my network, all I do is fuck women, smoke blunt, drink vodka and make money. Tell the Mark Zuckerberg motherfuckers to get my account the fuck away from all these church and religious network. If you guys with Beauty Pageant, I will fuck your bitches. Ok?
Win $10,000 in cash, a trophy, fury coat, GRED's Sapphire Club Lifetime Membership, plus many more prize, participate in the Excelsior's Beauty Pageant sponsored by Jean-Esdrace Charles LLC and Global Resources and Energy Distribution LLC. For more details, call (310) 720-4855.
gods don't talk about gods. Gods compete with other gods... Lol
You guys worry about your godship shits and I worry about my money. Ok?
We don't need hand outs and we don't fuck with write offs. Ok? We're going hard!
Get ready to win a" $ 10,000 scholarship to a school of your choice, Free Gred's Sapphire Club Lifetime Membership, a trophy, a fury coat, and much more" with my Beauty Pageant, Mr. &amp; Miss Galaxy, be single, no... https://t.co/V9StehLyrd
@themotleyfool Great men should not make women feel harassed or uncomfortable..they should wilfully give it to you. Right?
@themotleyfool Morgan Freeman looks like a man who has had it altotheger in Hollywood. Why would he have to make women feel uncomfortable?
Get ready to win a" $ 10,000 scholarship to any school, Free Gred's Sapphire club lifetime membership, a trophy, a fury coat, and much more" with my Beauty Pageant, Mr. &amp; Miss Galaxy, be single, no children, be... https://t.co/4LUGyYMats
Get your money ready to register for my Beauty Pageant, Mr. &amp; Miss Galaxy, to come have the time of your life in one of our luxury auditoriums or theaters. For more info, dial (310) 720-4855 to find out how to send... https://t.co/4qMZdbBuOf
Beauty Pageant, be single, no child, entry fee is $ 400.00 /person. Have a magical day! Call (310) 720-4855 to register! https://t.co/6BVZVULg1P
https://t.co/7GTBvLFJst
Get your money ready to register for my Beauty Pageant, Mr. &amp; Miss Galaxy, to come have the time of your life in one of our luxury auditoriums or theaters. For more info, dial (310) 720-4855 to find out how to send... https://t.co/DxQDTlt42E
Beauty Pageant of excellence is coming up in our neck of the woods. $400 get you registered. Just gotta be single, no child, 4-35 year old. Dial (310) 720-4855
Get your money ready to register for my Beauty Pageant, Mr. &amp; Miss Galaxy, to come have the time of your life in one of our luxury auditoriums or theaters. For more info, dial (310) 720-4855 to find out how to send... https://t.co/5qnLdz9IUD
Need more followers on this page. Hit follow everybody!
Get ready for my " Excelsior's Beauty Pageant of Diversity", Mr. &amp; Miss Galaxy. You will be invited to the Walk of Fame, receive your awards and crowns. Entry fee will be $400.00 per participant. Great artists,... https://t.co/7dFp30IInb
"When we love what we do, hard work is not hard at all. Be the best at everything that you. That's what peak performance is all about. Be strong!" Keep up with my Beauty Pageant and participate. Details at (310) 720-4855
I composed  the song for the Excelsior's Beauty Pageant of Diversity coming up very soon. It's titled: "Miss Galaxy" and it's a good one so far. Get registered at (310) 720-4855. I will let you guys hear it pretty soon. https://t.co/6N9BMnndFd
https://t.co/v8NEArAyFh
Get ready for my "Hors Pair Beauty Pageant", Mr. &amp; Miss Galaxy. You will be invited to the Walk of Fame, receive your awards and crowns. Entry fee will be $400.00 per participant. Great artists, entertainers will... https://t.co/qoTM4HfPEt
Listen to my music! I am going put a great band together and I hope to have at least 50 instrumentalists. Can we do that guys? https://t.co/nTNhZAfm3e
Americans, British, French, Mexicans, Germans, Russians, Haitians, Jewish, Hispanics, Indians, Chinese, Jamaicans, Koreans, Japaneses, Ukrainians, Maldivians, and all others, get ready for my Pageant. Any question,... https://t.co/VIuJnAId4L
Sales represantative openings, hiring immediately. Send resume to staffingconsultings@gmail.com and be strong!
Sales represantative openings, hiring immediately. Send resume to staffingconsultings@gmail.com. Be strong!
https://t.co/T6ITannmOf
https://t.co/KoR4XrtvAl
https://t.co/nZHDpzGx4l
https://t.co/lkZmV2VgCn
https://t.co/Z16wCHKccU
https://t.co/mdZfUjyiP7
https://t.co/DqSrpBdjLd
https://t.co/XQjXpnez3C
https://t.co/Q4MDVMHHqQ
https://t.co/fzBm0nHVwO
https://t.co/HTKkctbJri
https://t.co/T20KWurh0t
https://t.co/xPx5tPrakI
https://t.co/4CRKyutcLa
https://t.co/p66TChhfPR
https://t.co/13KR9MD5UJ
https://t.co/zSmy0SwQe4
https://t.co/GHPNSmk3Pz
https://t.co/Jo453BPP0t
https://t.co/gYJRLu4Df9
Jean-Esdrace Charles (@JeanEsdrace) | Twitter https://t.co/9Sw0eyCe1I
Americans, British, French, Mexicans, Germans, Russians, Haitians, Jewish, Hispanics, Indians, Chinese, Jamaicans, Koreans, Japaneses, Ukrainians, Maldivians, and all others, get ready for my Pageant. Any question,... https://t.co/sHtcn7f8lI
Some  sites are hoaxes and hacked and one should not waste time on them.
Americans, British, French, Mexicans, Germans, Russians, Haitians, Jewish, Hispanics, Indians, Chinese, Jamaicans, Koreans, Japaneses, Ukrainians, Maldivians, and all others, get ready for my Pageant. Any question,... https://t.co/zVp8wanPIV
Americans, British, French, Mexicans, Germans, Russians, Haitians, Jewish, Hispanics, Indians, Chinese, Jamaicans, Koreans, Japaneses, Ukrainians, Maldivians, and all others, get ready for my Pageant. Any question,... https://t.co/IqvAyUZySI
I want you guys to interact with us here on Facebook and Twitter during our blogs to make this upcoming  Beauty Pageant an event of excellence and an ultimate magical experience for all of our contestants and... https://t.co/aIGtEMclhD
My Amazing "Beauty Pageant of Diversity" is coming on December 2018. Any question, don't hesitate to call us at (310) 720-4855 or check any of our websites here at on https://t.co/GWHQyZwFvg or https://t.co/hs83KR7h6p... https://t.co/Ky1vVl9GrQ
Happiness comes to you by  participating in my " Hors Pair Beauty Pageant of Diversity", " Mr. &amp; Miss Galaxy" that is set for December 2018. Upon selection, you will be invited to the Walk of Fame to receive your... https://t.co/Fmr7RQVAcD
Happiness comes to you by  participating in my " Hors Pair Beauty Pageant of Diversity", " Mr. &amp; Miss Galaxy" that is set for December 2018. Upon selection, you will be invited to the Walk of Fame to receive your... https://t.co/j4yGcWaxdz
Get your body, mind, and soul ready for my "Hors Pair Beauty Pageant of diversity", " Mr. &amp; Miss Galaxy" is set for December 2018. You will be invited to the Walk of Fame to receive your awards, scholarships, crowns... https://t.co/wZWW1prNkJ
My aim is to beat all my competitions on the market in every aspect because I attract and keep the best talents.
We intend to beat all of our competitions on the market for each one of our products and services. It's as simple as that. I stand behind our products of every kind one million percent because I have the best... https://t.co/CwbmHI9ewk
In case you don't know me, I am one million percent about my MONEY and I don't want to talk about it. No man fucks with with my MONEY. If you want to fuck with my MONEY, just  ahead and just die. The best thing you... https://t.co/3LEWrrfQMT
When I want to make my money, my mouth ejects fire and no motherfucker wants to stand on my way.
https://t.co/0sxhsSGxve
My Hors Pair Beauty Pageant of diversity", Mr. &amp; Miss Galaxy is set for December 2018. You will be invited to the Walk of Fame to receive your awards, scholarships, crowns and prizes. Entry fee is $400.00 per... https://t.co/J3fsXRfef0
My Hors Pair Beauty Pageant ", Mr. &amp; Miss Galaxy. You will be  is set for December. You will be invited to the Walk of Fame to  receive your awards, scholarships, crowns and prizes. Entry fee will be $400.00 per... https://t.co/2qC1Mib4gR
https://t.co/HEWZrF9LLl
Come on "ladies and gentlemen", get ready for my " Hors Pair Beauty Pageant ", Mr. &amp; Miss Galaxy. You will be invited to the Walk of Fame, receive your awards and crowns. Entry fee will be $400.00 per participant.... https://t.co/iXaOAjwNS5
Come on "ladies and gentlemen", get ready for my " Hors Pair Beauty Pageant ", Mr. &amp; Miss Galaxy. You will be invited to the Walk of Fame, receive your awards and crowns. Entry fee will be $400.00 per participant.... https://t.co/zwe23qsehf
Come on "ladies and gentlemen", get ready for my " Hors Pair Beauty Pageant ", Mr. &amp; Miss Galaxy. You will be invited to the Walk of Fame, receive your awards and crowns. Entry fee will be $400.00 per participant.... https://t.co/YoTeCFrffn
Come on "ladies and gentlemen", get ready for my "Hors Pair Beauty Pageant", Mr. &amp; Miss Galaxy. You will be invited to the Walk of Fame, receive your awards and crowns. Entry fee will $400.00 per participant. Great... https://t.co/8u0BnBX9u0
Come on "ladies and gentlemen", get ready for my "Hors Pair Beauty Pageant", Mr. &amp; Miss Galaxy. You will be invited to the Walk of Fame, receive your awards and crowns. Entry fee will $150 per participant. Great... https://t.co/CIxouEx5Zu
My next " Beauty Pageant", Miss &amp; Mr. Galaxy is set for December. For entry info, call (310) 720-4855 and get registered or inbox me here. It's a International Pageant. So everyone 6-35 years old is qualified to... https://t.co/SIeiuFJHEI
I love guns and my company will manufacture guns to protect my assets and to sell to those who need them. https://t.co/i142vDAzd3
My next " Beauty Pageant", Miss &amp; Mr. Galaxy is set for December. For entry info, call (310) 720-4855 and get registered or inbox me here. It's a International Pageant. So everyone 6-35 years old is qualified to... https://t.co/fprF4myzs0
Today is a great Flag day to all of our fellow Haitian families globally in Haiti, France, Canada, Swiss, US, Saint Martin, Mexico, Brazil, Africa and many more places. Enjoy Flag Day and be merry. Stay strong! Nou poze wi larr... https://t.co/1PwYOxRPbz
My next " Beauty Pageant", Miss &amp; Mr. Galaxy is set for December. For entry info, call (310) 720-4855 and get registered or inbox me here. It's a International Pageant. So everyone 6-35 years old is qualified to... https://t.co/IaKMeAUfBy
I am organizing a Beauty Pageant, I need many of you guys to participate. Ok? I will keep you posted of the details.
Stay informed about my next " Beauty Pageant", Miss &amp; Mr. Galaxy is set for December. For entry info, call (310) 720-4855 and get registered or inbox me here. It's a International Pageant. So everyone 6-35 years old... https://t.co/ZU6YCtDDU1
My next " Beauty Pageant", Miss &amp; Mr. Galaxy is set for December. For entry info, call (310) 720-4855 and get registered or inbox me here. It's a International Pageant. So everyone 6-35 years old is qualified to... https://t.co/RDMp0BITsQ
My next "Beauty Pageant", Miss Galaxy is set for December. For entry info, call (310) 720-4855 and get registered or inbox me here. It's a national pageant. So everyone is qualified to participate. You just need one head shot and brief description of... https://t.co/KF1U6Enkok
"Besides making money, rear great kids, everyone needs a badass woman." Lol (310) 720-4855 or (407) 607-8717
" Romance is part of the Arts of excellence and greatness.Romantic people are wonderful people". Music, catering, photography, videography for banquets, weddings, commencements, dial (310) 720-4855 for a quote. https://t.co/R320kqZykU
Partners ought to show that they love one another daily by utilizing the method that works best. https://t.co/gkVFZ960p9
Do you wait for Valentine's Day to show your partner that you love him/her? Lol https://t.co/fP7AtJgoFf
We are building paradises for our guests, visitors, tourists to come spend money and have fun. Live the great life and get wild!-. (310) 720-4855 https://t.co/fS2pAneBKO
Don't ruin it! For professional catering, flowers, music, photography, video, dial (310) 720-4855 or (407) 607-8717 https://t.co/5u2xWr6iNm
Getting married? Need catering? A music band? Flowers? Dial (310) 720-4855 or (407) 607- 8717
What if I wrote a new version of "Romeo and Juliet" for big screen TV? Would my audience be satisfied with a new Shakespearean style of writing? https://t.co/Ta9Kol6r64
Gentlemen, the ladies ask me to share the following with you?lol https://t.co/3TAip0fKXm
What type of kiss do ladies like the most? Wet? Dry? https://t.co/oVNpglfXIg
The "GRED's Sapphire Club" is going strong in 2018. This page will be a close circle for select members of our network and to maintain membership, an annual fee  will be required depending on how much benefits each... https://t.co/TIz3uLVPTJ
Lifelong... https://t.co/rJM8YzfNng
https://t.co/mxEusTZphg
What makes people think that  Trump is racist? What is it that he has done to a particular race whatsoever for them to libel him as racist? Can someone answer these questions with facts to back up their comments?
https://t.co/bs7tgUbxYZ
https://t.co/CZ8aH2mg4T
Beyond white supremacy or black supremacy, we stand. Together, let's America strong to make a global difference.
As I do not support black supremacy or white supremacy in any way whatsoever, I shall always remain in a spirit of ultimate brotherhood and sisterhood beyond all groups, races, creed, religion and ethnic origins to... https://t.co/ELcZGgPK8p
RT @JeanEsdrace: @themotleyfool Coming to Hollywood? We must fuck. No fucking, you're going nowhere. Ok?
@themotleyfool Coming to Hollywood? We must fuck. No fucking, you're going nowhere. Ok?
When you come to Hollywood, we must fuck. If we are not fucking, you ain't going nowhere. Ok? https://t.co/uxCazBGKxI
Making our guests, customers, fans feel our vibe by exceeding expectations with royal customer service show them how much we care about what we are doing for them. They see our love through what we do. https://t.co/bL68KAJOtk
Do you still hate your X? I don't and neither should you? Lol https://t.co/qqEthskS8i
Life is beautiful when people are in love. https://t.co/24XZqx3jmy
We like young men who want to fuck women in our Network. No pussy ass fellas. Ok? Lol https://t.co/Kp1rjA1n3T
Young men need to learn how to treat women affectionately and respectfully.Ok? They are not toys. Ok? https://t.co/IVItjUXNnM
The three C's of manhood are: cockiness, coolness and class. Real men have class and excellence. Lol - (310) 720-4855 https://t.co/KYtrWrESJl
It's your wedding? It's our business. For your music, catering, flowers, decoration, reception, we have got it. Call  (310) 720-4855 or email: staffingconsultings@gmail.com to get a quote. https://t.co/uEXbf0DH6z
Women are normally beautiful. How long does it takes a young man to walk up to a woman and tell her " I love you"? Lol Is it that hard ladies? https://t.co/7zaSMIiwhA
It's Mother's Day month. We have an absolute duty to make mom's feel they are loved. https://t.co/gw0PGpixub
Do you know how to calculate the stopping distance of a vehicle? Here is the formula for it.       A tip for those who are working hard in the field of Engineering. https://t.co/ganwubuVNp
RT @JeanEsdrace: @themotleyfool 2018 is going strong already; great events, talent shows and much more will be coming soon. Be strong!
@themotleyfool 2018 is going strong already; great events, talent shows and much more will be coming soon. Be strong!
RT @JeanEsdrace: @themotleyfool When your goal is to build a trillionaire company, you don't even have one second to waste with someone who…
@themotleyfool When your goal is to build a trillionaire company, you don't even have one second to waste with someone who is not contributing to your goals, not even a fraction of a second. Ok?
Keep sending those resumes in and my HR Manager will get back with you if you meet requirements.
@themotleyfool The checks and balances are working to keep America and the Presidency Strong to make a difference both nationally and globally. Ok? No interference please!
@themotleyfool I want a great government from President Trump; one that can reflect our values of integrity, workmanship, prosperity and  freedom. But no political prostitution is to be condoned.
I need Trump to be a President of "Integrity" to stand by the US Constitution to the best of his ability and set the precedence of a leadership of "greatness and of excellence".
I don't like to follow politics more than I want to make money. But I am always going to be careful and sensitive to what the White House is doing to keep America as prosperous as secure both domestically and globally. Polical integrity is good for our economic strength.
Tax cuts are necessary to stimulate the economy and trust me, it works each and every time and it's worth it. https://t.co/3ywIpJUUwY
Tax cuts for corporations are blessings to America and only great minds understand that. Such cuts come back to the people with new jobs for both current and the next generation.
By the end of my professional career, I want to ensure that we create a trillionaire company with legs everywhere to take care of our domestic and global consumers. Ok?	--- "Make You Strong Is What We Do."
The Lion face! https://t.co/KXnEHYkJaZ
Together, let's make America great again! https://t.co/yU12SRWl3D
The King Charley movie series will be more of a weekly programming that will be aired on national TV and satellite network once or twice a week for the next 50 years or so depending on the response of the viewers. We will have created over 20 millions jobs or more.
"King Charley" is a movie character that I am working on for another set of motion pictures and I happen to have created a page for it on Facebook. I don't think I will be the one playing that role in the movie. We'll see.
@themotleyfool I want you guys to feel inspired and get in the millionaire mentality to explore the possibility for success and wealth. I don't want to get rich alone. I am not selfish at all. You can do this!
Lol
@themotleyfool Everybody knows that I have some the best music artists to perform with me in my festivals, concerts and other venues anywhere in the US. Ok?
@themotleyfool The spirit of excellence is always with those who want to give it their best shot up to 150 percent or more and long for success.
@themotleyfool Your ability to grow resides in your ability to think and believe in what you think because you have power over your thoughts.
@themotleyfool It's more important to believe that you can than to think that you can. When you believe you can, you may actually become an great performer.
We must be careful these days because we have scam artists, con artists, cyber thieves out there trying to get money from people by any means they can. We must be watchful for them greedy dogs!
What if we were to go to Mars and Astraunauts started farting all along the journey? What would you do?
Make You Strong Is What We Do! https://t.co/A7OfHvypHs
https://t.co/F7S7uRpOUU
https://t.co/q073Zzxunh
RT @JeanEsdrace: We are hiring: 	Director, Assistant Director, Unit Production Manager, Location Manager, Production Designer, Casting Desi…
https://t.co/sIUsrjExbL
We are hiring: 	Director, Assistant Director, Unit Production Manager, Location Manager, Production Designer, Casting Designer, Director of Photography, Director of Audiography, Sound Designer, Story Board Artist.... https://t.co/MiEtF0F1sX
My primary function before everything else is that of a Economic stimulating Job Creator through my company (ies). Everything else can surely and absolutely take a hike.
Hope gives us all the courage to carry on with our endeavors each and every day. Being encouraged is a source of encouragement to all.
@themotleyfool I am always in the best interest of the people and our stockholders will always be on the top of our priority list to sustain a free market driven economy built on global credibility and transparency. Alright?
Although some of us had to face difficulties for statements that we previously made, our attitude towards Wall Street about its reputation and market credibility has not changed but our actions are worth more than our words.
Movie and music products will be coming in the entertainment network to bring laughter and joy to families, friends and fans worldwide. Stay strong! https://t.co/BdQauEmdbN
@themotleyfool All that being said, I long to see at least one each of our products in the hands of each inhabitant of the globe with a big smile on their lips.
@themotleyfool Our happiness and success come from consumer satisfaction from the positive observation and use of our products.
@themotleyfool See, it's not  just about enhancing perception, it's about genuine quality and excellence of contents.
@themotleyfool Listen to me now! Our joy comes from when a consumer has one of our products, uses it and they go: "wow, I love it, I want more".
@themotleyfool When we put money in a product, we want it to succeed unfailingly without questions. Right?
@themotleyfool Let's face it, we need reliability, precision, accuracy and quality products on the market, not crappy products that will fail us in any way.
@themotleyfool Nothing is better than creating a culture of confidence in the social, political and corporate areas of workmanship.
@themotleyfool With approximately 60 billion dollars worth of projects as part of my global expansion economic programs, we can make a huge difference in domestic and global market economy levels.
@themotleyfool One of my primary goals is to beat competition in every industry. I will be able to stand up against failing policies, practiced and procedures that are failing the American production plants.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the entire Bush Family as former first lady Barbara Bush departs to the most peaceful place in the universe. Respect &amp; salute!
@themotleyfool I know that my knights sure can eat a good amount of foods and I don't want to let them down on that. Lol
@themotleyfool I am definitely going to have a food production company with the highest level of scientific, safety, nutritious standard to supply the planet with great goods.
@themotleyfool I believe that food production exposed to head hair or facial hair is not good for safety. Don't want to see a hair root in my burger. Alright?
@themotleyfool Now, let's look at the food industry. Food safety is number one which i.e food scientists are to groom for the production environment.
@themotleyfool We can make an impact on shaping  global societies via motion pictures, music, politics, social networking and up lifting worldly wisdoms respecting religious faith.
Thor, what are you doing? I am nailing into mother Earth, laying pipes and climbing ladders. Who's talking to you? Jean-Esdrace Charles. Just let them know! So long!
@themotleyfool It appears to me that a lot people have mental issues globally. Those who laugh and maintain a positive life style will fare well as they carry on. Happy people enjoy life abundantly.
@themotleyfool One of the most efficient and effective medicine to psychiatric conditions is " Laughter". Should I build some psychiatric centers and hire a few experts to help people?
@themotleyfool Our Energy research department is forever strong and we will be recruiting more of the newly trained minds in the latest sciences and technologies to produce and face the global competition and the provide the markets with better options to choose from.
@themotleyfool We have to put more money into renewable energy with the price of oil and the scarcity of non renewables, it is a challenge we have to overcome as time goes by
@themotleyfool Failed engines don't respond to our engineering pride of excellence in workmanship. You know what I am talking about?
@themotleyfool All US aircrafts are supposed to be built and maintained to the highest level of flying safety standards so no engine failure occurs; how? Routine maintenance....
@themotleyfool The only topics that make the head line on my desk are: Money, stocks, products &amp; pussy.
@CoffeenCourtney Artists starve. Entrepreneurs and money makers make billions...
@CBSTVStudios @BlueBloods_CBS @BullCBS @HawaiiFive0CBS @MadamSecretary @MacGyverCBS @NCISLA @NCISNewOrleans Be strong everyone!
Making a difference begins at home, in our local community and all those around us. Our strength relies in our ability to create strong bonds to ensure safety and security globally. Be graceful and strong!
I was born to serve and built to protect. Together, we can go a long way by making a difference in society one day at a time. The difference we make in the world is all that matters.
When I grew up, my respectful honorable late father Saint-Germain Charles owned a furniture manufacturing company, a construction company, two farms plus lands, my mother ran our grocery business. My older brother owned a electronic distribution company. We have things!
We always did have things!
@themotleyfool I started music and theatre business when I was 8 years old for the love and passion of excellence. Today Me want money from it. Lol
My company will be owning half of the Planet and I swear by he who dwells in the underworld and he who controls the upperwold and the rest of the Galaxy. So mote it be!
We are music and movie critics. There's a lot of craps that don't reflect my perception of the art of excellence. Certain music are just expressions of struggles and it's ok at first. Ok?
When I grew up, my dad owned two farms plus lands, a grocery store, a construction company, a furniture manufacturing company plus, my brother owned an electronic distribution company, I ran music and theatre. We have things  Ok?
See, I almost called the acronym "Greed" because the people on my board are extremely  extremely greedy. I had to disagree with them over GRED instead so I am still in the fight against America's greed but greed is good, not bad.
Be strong! https://t.co/J5FSC4HqN5
@themotleyfool The only people I talk to are investors, clients, consumers, co -producers, my employees, my lawyers, managers, family and friends. I have no time to waste with vagabonds.
RT @JeanEsdrace: @themotleyfool Writing, directing, starring and producing movies that appeal to my target audiences are "hard works" and "…
@themotleyfool Writing, directing, starring and producing movies that appeal to my target audiences are "hard works" and "tough jobs". It's tedious and very, very quality timing sensive. Alright? So long!
@themotleyfool Be positive and be productive, not combative.
@themotleyfool While we worry about teaching everyone how to think, not what to think, it is, indeed, so unfortunate that some have unfixable flawed reasonings.
@themotleyfool It's not time for anyone to delve in race battles but it is, indeed, time to stand by the values that make us positively strong to carry on and remain productive.
@themotleyfool When our mind does want to think greatness, we talk about bullshits and craps but we don't think about them. Lol
RT @JeanEsdrace: @themotleyfool I am working on the " Multibillionaire" motion picture that is due to begin with production very soon. That…
@themotleyfool I am working on the " Multibillionaire" motion picture that is due to begin with production very soon. That will create between 12,000 to 15,000 jobs roughly. We'll see how many people we can bring to the box office with this one. It's gotta be a good one. https://t.co/QRL1AiHmtp
@FoxNews Our research for new ways to conduct energy never ends because we operate in eviromments that are constantly changing. https://t.co/QAp6HA6RBc
RT @JeanEsdrace: " Nothing feels better  than when you own brand new cars, a brand new jet, a brand new yacht, a brand new mansion called h…
RT @JeanEsdrace: " When my money is at stake, I don't smile, my eyes get red, my teeth get hard and my mouth ejects fire. When you come dow…
RT @JeanEsdrace: Become a Multi Billionaire by doing it the Billionaire's way, increasing your sales and make more money and make your bala…
RT @JeanEsdrace: I need millions and millions of dollars to spend and billions and billions of dollars to make things happen the... https:/…
RT @JeanEsdrace: "One simple positive step every day is enough to change the world and set the stage for success. Positivity frees our mind…
To reach stardom and a level of celebrity status with fame is an amazing accomplishment for any actor/ actress and music performer of any kind. So we want performers to be great and strong.
If a man does not take the time to prove his manliness in bed with his wife, his marriage is on fire for lack of self evaluation and self improvement.   Great sex make people live better. Right?
We create the arts, the music, the motion pictures and everything else related to the arts. We have a responsibility to criticize, correct, improve to have successful performances. Right?
Real performances make people live the good life, the high life and they just want to ask for more. Give it to em! Lol
Music modernization is a powerful in terms of how it is married to motion pictures to create unforgettable memories in our audiences and highten experiences with the arts and the sciences.
If our musical events of Orlando, Louisiana, Vegas, Los Angeles cannot create both sentiments in our visitors, we could not maintain an everlasting bond of perpetual success with them.
No matter how much innovation influences music modernization, it is romance with the music that makes musical performances alive.
https://t.co/MuDrLXtOHI
https://t.co/O2UPqRBtMV
https://t.co/DcQJCRpFBq
https://t.co/cxDWpY5csB
https://t.co/dWoQTNaRsc
https://t.co/GWpuWVfBLR
https://t.co/09jGr9BAJF
https://t.co/yCWIpKekGh
https://t.co/gNonJ0z3QU
https://t.co/wjKOxUvFET
RT @JeanEsdrace: It is definitely unethical and outrageous for any group to think through and carry out the tragic and monstruous act of us…
It is definitely unethical and outrageous for any group to think through and carry out the tragic and monstruous act of use of chemical agents to harm women, children and innocent adults. What can society benefit from that?
RT @JeanEsdrace: https://t.co/CiR4pUWLhK
https://t.co/CiR4pUWLhK
https://t.co/XHv80s9X1e
https://t.co/jbzZanPoYo
https://t.co/kLHhDWYE2b
https://t.co/JJN343hEm4
https://t.co/Ldq81oODIr
GRED is working on this movie project and once it is created , we want it to go viral everywhere. Tell your friends what Jean-Esdrace Charles is working on! Share! https://t.co/meU4VmMNYU
With music and motion picture innovation, we have seen great products on the market in rock n roll, hip Hop, Soul music, R &amp; B, Gospel, smooth jazz and the quest is to arrive at a level of artistic excellence in these industry. We' ll " The Multi-billionaire motion picture excel?
50 years ago now, the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King Jr died with one of the most powerful words ever spoken in the history of humanity on his lips, that of equal treatment and opportunity for all without exclusion We are making progress. https://t.co/mhWrbEta8E
Lol Be strong everyone and fearless!
https://t.co/9wezVjolxe
Which is the best stock at Wall street to Put money on these days? (GRED) will be the best best of all.
By the time I leave this planet, I hope to have created a trillion dollar company  and millions and millions of jobs globally to make a difference on Earth.
Tx
will am so excited to hear that firemen responded quickly and put out the fire at the Trump Tower. Be safe s everyone! ( Alias King Charley)
Success comes knowing how to think. A lot people want to be successful but never take the time to read,learn how to make good use of positive reasonings. Become a success!
RT @JeanEsdrace: The "passion for excellence" , the "glory", the "beauty", the "wealth" and "greatness", goes far beyond the fact that we h…
It is said that we have been a child twice; When we were born  and when we grow old and become seniors.
Isn't it a fact that the most precious gift that a man and a woman could ever have is a newborn child out of all the wealth that we may possess? That's why most of our attractions are geared toward helping children live and grow better.
Although most religions are apolitical, churches and faith groups remain a powerful part of the democratic process in all of our societies
@DalaiLama @tibetan_budhism And mercy!
We are going to need well over 2.5 billions dollars to get things moving in the days to come.  So watch out for our stocks to buy them while you can and harvest big in 10, 15 years. -GRED
Go ahead and like this page then share with your friends! https://t.co/RGiJeSxAoI
https://t.co/WM7fbFMIWG
The "passion for excellence" , the "glory", the "beauty", the "wealth" and "greatness", goes far beyond the fact that we have things, we dream big, and harvest big." GRED's Sapphire Club" and its affiliates "Are Always For the People and Never for the Powerful". https://t.co/ZBBgm5KWuj
The passion for excellence of the arts and the sciences, the glory, the beauty, wealth and greatness, goes far beyond all the fact that we have things, we dream big, and harvest big. GRED's Sapphire Club and its affiliates are always for the people... https://t.co/vS2jdbkutH
Go ahead and join the online Sapphire club group created by Global Resources and Energy Distribution LLC. From there you can find out about music, film, and foods festivals, concerts, wedding ceremonies, birthday... https://t.co/KB2EHgLzGa
https://t.co/KZGrU2PKU2
https://t.co/dFvVh9HM33
Be great and stay strong!
Lol church people can be hilarious...hehehe
What the fuck do these religious people want? Stay the fuck in the church, worship your God or your gods, preach your gospel and leave everyone the fuck alone? I am the most irreligious man that ever lived. If you... https://t.co/KItxVvqxh1
Work out sessions, physical training sessions will take a lot hard work to get this movie done and a lot of money too. https://t.co/OI3Ko4ixXp
https://t.co/P0l3sjx019
https://t.co/a2ehnWRpg0
https://t.co/tFGcHqxsrw
https://t.co/IvRuRsg9Cj
https://t.co/SgdURxtiE2
https://t.co/i6cSVRtF9l
My very next motion picture ' The Multi-billionaire" will be in the studio very shortly and hopefully we will have some pics and trailers to post in the near future. Tchao!
It's funny to see that so many great talents don't really make it to fame in the music industry even though they have great vocal. Remember, hard work beats talent when talent does not work hard enough. lol
The world needs  all of us to strive to keep it positive by aligning ourselves with our source and the universe to which we are so deeply connected. Our success comes from us knowing who we are and our purpose.
This is the logo for Global Resources &amp; Energy Distribution LLC. Be strong! https://t.co/YuNPwucTgW
These guys are so creative! https://t.co/cdvkzXsPEs
Great memories! https://t.co/DeAwxfqR7j
Maximum control.
We have amazing research department for scientific  innovation and inventions. So we are pretty confident in our future growth in this global market and we will be ready for trades pretty soon. So long! https://t.co/hOBSO4HwdR
https://t.co/x98Z9arYo1
"You know what I need from you mother Earth? You gold, your steel, your platinum, your uranium, your aluminum, your copper, your diamond, your oil wells, your... until those needs are met, I shall not be satisfied."	- Global Resources and Energy Distribution LLC
RT @JeanEsdrace: https://t.co/ARuhCPbXFS
RT @JeanEsdrace: Our next motion picture "The Multi-billionaire" will be costly but we wish to start shooting it as soon as we get all the…
https://t.co/Lpa6BGqdZO
https://t.co/oJkYH6OS2n
https://t.co/JsN9bnuBiT
Our very next motion picture, " The Multi-billionaire" is in the cooking for a domestic and global audience. So stay tune as I will get you the updates when it becomes available. Be strong!
President Trump and Washington want you all to be great and so do I. So keep up the good job. Be strong everyone!
We need to get access to capital, get the resources that are necessary to get things done every day. Believe it or not, if If we don't get to the "big money", people just don't get paid. It's that simple.  More work for the FBI.
I need "pure science in the area of food production, biological and pharmaceutical industries all across the America because our expectations are fucking high.  We ca't afford to supply less than excellence.	-Global Resources &amp; Energy Distribution LLC
A lot of us are body builders, athletes, sportsmen and women, we rely on amazing food products to carry on. The FDA and the DEA need to rule out crappy products from the market so we can have products of excellence. "Great America" means "Great Business".
There is nothing more interesting than when you buy and hold "a piece of snack", put that under teeth and you go "wow". It sure tastes damn great.
When I spend millions and millions of dollars in brand new equipment, train qualified personnel, staff, it's because  we want nothing less than excellence in our products,.
It's not for no reason they say that " Everything I touch turns gold". It's called the "touch of excellence". Today we a bunch of crappy products on the market, we want them voted out.,
We put money out to design, create  and distribute products that whole planet can rely upon. There is absolutely no question about that.
I have decided to invest money in areas that will make me more money for myself, my shareholders and my businesses. Ok?
in the motion picture industry, there is such a thing as a million dollar shot. Each shot is worth " 1 Million dollar" counting. Excellence costs money, big money.
Guys like Wolverine, Batman, Superman, Iron man  just to name a few did some excellent work in standing for "the art of excellence" in the movie industry. Some of these shots, not just the science and technology involved can take your breath away.
"We want to uphold, train, teach, entrepreneurs, leaders, managers, supervisors and employees that are reliable. dependable for a sustainable economy globally expandable."	-Global Resources &amp; Energy Distribution LLC
The " Keep America Great" slogan is not a dream but it is, indeed, an expectation of "quality and excellence".
It's amazing to see how the art of excellence has transcended every aspect of life. Great people seek quality and excellence in everything they do.
The arts have yielded so many great leaders of excellence such as Arnold Schwarzenegger, Sylvester Stallone, D. Washington, M. Freeman, and we have emerging contemporary actors that are very excellent in their arts.
Other than for the purpose of comforting, caring, helping, sympathizing, empathizing, we uphold great expectations of mankind to seek excellence in everything.
The parkland shooting is a wake up call on how serious we need to take "gun control" while enjoying the "freedom" endowed to us by the second amendment. Florida is strong and so will Parkland.
My views on war is that we need to keep the battle  where it belongs and carry our business as usual until order is fully restored anywhere on Earth or in the milky way. Let wise leaders rule the nations.
Financial freedom and success are linked to personal freedom and enlightenment. Until you get this, you will just keep turning around and around your success.
To find the true meaning of life and existence itself, how our purpose blends with it all, find out where I will be in a city near you to attend one of our events.
Welcome to my twitter blog. I am indeed so very pleased to be able to post and have a personal interaction with you guys on twitter or Facebook. Stay positive everyone no matter what's around!
I find that music  inspirations from the 70's, 80's &amp; 90's pretty powerful compared to some of other stuffs that we are listening to these days. Music innovation must be for the better.
True freedom only exists when there is financial independence and that's the meaning of success.
https://t.co/GZ5IRWdYhT
https://t.co/vwcbKcqg7m
https://t.co/VWLuyqS1fB
https://t.co/gGqdSMzHpU
https://t.co/bjkOHyYnrO
https://t.co/pEPaqOlrAm
Be great instead!
Having the ability to carry on regardless of circumstances is sine qua non to reach the next level of greatness.
https://t.co/mfPRqarYHK
https://t.co/Iw1wCWXdyr
https://t.co/f3gH10WWQu
https://t.co/aNB9Beu6Bf
Gun freedom and gun control go hand in hand. Let's keep America great to raise great children of excellence that can make a difference in the world. 	- (Alias King Charley) sponsored by Global Resources &amp; Energy Distribution LLC
I will make sure that we build Universities, schools, hospitals, museums, stadiums, performing arts centers, create jobs to meet the need of the people all over the planet. Dead ass, we can do it!
Follow my blogs, my posts on Facebook, twitter, wordpress. com, and  more will be coming.
Our aim is quality and excellence. Join the Sapphire's club, the network of the "excelsior". Be a champion, be the best at what you do and carry on.
Never confuse smart work with hard work. Smart work is part of hard work. Those who separate the two tend to be thieving, scamming, robbing, embezzling our businesses. Be a dependable worker and don't let your boss's bad ethics influence you.
https://t.co/N2u1RKbEpT
https://t.co/mmmPNRkE0C
https://t.co/0L0a6jPRWz
https://t.co/k9PtouF1eu
https://t.co/isDzNXl5V8
https://t.co/vCqcgI5V6T
https://t.co/1JlCyPVt1X
Aidez Cécile THÉVENIN à obtenir plus de signatures – 3070 sont encore nécessaires ! https://t.co/cYMUphhTbO
I will be one of the best paid actors on the planet. lol https://t.co/GCeJWmNCj0
https://t.co/npjrMGXZ0k
https://t.co/kdqbEGzuua
https://t.co/aZhVvC9hwZ
Putin has done an amazing job receiving 76 percent of the total vote from the Russian election. That means his people believe in him for good. I am speechless at his accomplishment. Top priority is security.
https://t.co/uuXZOyCtiE
https://t.co/ARuhCPbXFS
Our next motion picture "The Multi-billionaire" will be costly but we wish to start shooting it as soon as we get all the requirements met. Once I produce someone, you know it is going to be a good product.
https://t.co/teZ2Q5z3OO
https://t.co/PFF8IXtk6l
https://t.co/mnidKxaL1J
When  you want to come visit the US, hit me up for some of the best spots to visit and things to do. We have a whole list of places where things are happening every day. Don't let life pass you by. Have fun!
https://t.co/mkr6JA6Lww
https://t.co/b4EY5BjNF4
The planet does not  just need more potable water but more purified water to quench the thirst of even the most vulnerable ones.
We are from in the wild zones of Orlando, Florida, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, CA, New Orleans where our cities come lit and filled with happy people. When you come around, get wild!
My pages will have many products for you to purchase from music , movie, tickets, sports items, travel tickets and more and from time to time, we have a live blog for my personal touch and  online interaction.
By 2025, it would be amazing to able  to bring in another 50 million people into the US and make it a total of close to 150 millions visitors or more to see the beautiful things we have to offer. We'll see..
Be prosperous and be great everyone! Why settle for less when you can be great? The planet needs more people like you to make a difference.
If insolence, impertinence, arrogance and violence come, we'll beat the crap out of them, kick butts, throw them into prison. We ain't got time to waste with stupid ass motherfuckers who have no respect for authority.
We reward hard work/smart work, performance, productivity in any setting and we always will but we shall not ever condone insolence, impertinence, arrogance, contempt and violence to persons.
Our happiness does not come from the millions and billions that we have earned but from our desire and willingness to make others live better, breathe better, perform better and be stronger.
Have a passion for what you do and do it day in and day out, you will be happy.
Creating a free market environment, maintaining economic integrity, system credibility and enforcing global security is no easy task at all. It takes everyone's effort. It takes laymen, businessmen, clergymen and politicians alike.
It takes more than just one person to make the world a better, brighter place. Trump can't make America great and maintain a strong and cohesive global environment all by himself and you know it.
As America is moving toward greatness, activism is sine qua non for those who wish to move forward. How can we be great  if people don't want to do shit?
https://t.co/6AIDGZuG1U
https://t.co/eNUyLF83Ll
https://t.co/1BgEhuSRfD
Our generation of performers has had some of the best vocalists in the artistic industry. We have guys like Kenny Rogers, Stevie, Lionel, Bolton, R. Stewart, T. Turner, Madonna, The Eagles, Bryan, Celine, Andrea. These folks have put their marks in music. I am proud of them all.
https://t.co/LwUDsP7AJD
https://t.co/DXPYdI1GxQ
https://t.co/nERvmHNTpZ
The entertainment world has always been strong rocking the entire planet with great music , motion picture and laughter. I cannot foresee a brighter future without such a powerful industry. Beyond all else, I am an entertainer. Be strong!
https://t.co/lpzqzLcVri
https://t.co/oV7u1MBCUD
https://t.co/crlbubtcZs
https://t.co/qe7IyAqTex
https://t.co/AHchC9vIR9
https://t.co/Zs3vNIWNrZ
Enjoy this Sunday everyone and stay strong!
https://t.co/Bpmy8hd2aU
Close to 100 million people visit the US each and every year to come and partake in our share of fun, laughter,... https://t.co/MwnG8Y9gri
Close to 100 million people visit the US each and every year to come and partake in our share of fun, laughter, comedy, music, multicultural food, amazing theme parks with smiley faces and this is something we appreciate.
https://t.co/807vcQJefW
https://t.co/w1I7XvCmJZ
https://t.co/Dz5OOwlCjR
https://t.co/Oxx8zxqZvy
https://t.co/4xLGWJFttK
WHOIS@JeanEsdrace
https://t.co/XHSa3rIBc9
https://t.co/BWyvlL0ZQW
https://t.co/BSNEBeorBA
https://t.co/hSLXuRu7r5
https://t.co/nhIopNdPVJ
https://t.co/iclEsRKn30
https://t.co/x6DNDRRaok
"The age of digital imaging is here to stay with us for ever. We only need to innovate and improve what's already been created. The next generation will come with fresh ideas to encourage our global market acquisitions." https://t.co/s2o2BeUu8Q
https://t.co/wrdSVCvZDM
"If we discontinue innovation, our ability to maintain might be impaired as well due to lack of scientific leadership." https://t.co/IPMjdm1K3g
https://t.co/uov7x0ooY6
"No psychopathic adult, teen whatsoever can bypass where ever there is a responsible security personnel that... https://t.co/2ZYo5LYbey
https://t.co/o0HekTFYpD
"No psychopathic adult, teen whatsoever can bypass where ever there is a responsible security personnel that knows what they doing around classrooms with exception of dorm areas."	-Global Resources and Energy Distribution LLC
" The Multi billionaire"  Motion picture will be in the studio and as you know these kind of  stuffs cost millions and millions of dollars.  We will create the next best picture of the year to "win an Oscar".
We don't fuck with handouts. My team and I, we will create products to ensure that all of our consumers' interests are well cared for and everybody wins.
https://t.co/8Pu8G0tSEz
https://t.co/bvoKVnpDMb
This is what we are going to do in schools everywhere and FL: ban guns on schools and enforce the ban by making it a capital crime, and place security checkpoints. Bingo!
America can't be great with people who want to stand on the way of progress. People need to shut the fuck up and get to work.
Why people are quick to blame the NRA hein? Their duty is to protect our rights to bear arms. Someone else's duty is to prevent arms from falling in the wrong hands. Tell them to do their job.
Over regulation of a free market economy is not what we do although we require order, ethics, credibility, integrity for market sustainability to endure.
Don't get me wrong, market credibility is extremely  important in a free market economy. So it is important to set the rules but let the game play.
I already told you several years ago how to stop school related gun violence. I want no guns in schools. Bingo!
By reinforcing the security checkpoint mechanism through the use of a high caliber metal screening detector, If I did invent one already, I would make millions securing our kids.
Arming teachers and school personnel is categorically not a solution to gun violence on campuses. The simplest way to reduce and eliminate the actual or the slightest fear of such massacres is to reinforce the security checkpoint mechanism.
The world's greatest televangelist of all time, Billy Graham, left this world at the age of 99. A man of an absolute eloquence and an impeccable persuasiveness. What a brilliant man he was!
The world's greatest televangelist of all time, Billy Graham, left this world at the age of 99. A man of an... https://t.co/AXcd6J3k5D
Guillaume Apollinaire once said this: Geometry is to the plastic arts what grammar is to the art of the writer." That's why we take pride and pleasure in introducing, presenting buildings, sculptures, musical instruments with three dimensional effects as part of our work ethics. https://t.co/lWpq1CfTPd
https://t.co/B5HMTwSC18
https://t.co/aUWZnTrY8b
https://t.co/TtZ1FSwiBy
https://t.co/O7mtvUWUdy
https://t.co/8A8J8TtppR
https://t.co/TagFTnoDJw
https://t.co/ipmeMTn4Ra
https://t.co/K0OTWRXsvp
https://t.co/f9RLu8vqSH
https://t.co/vA3cftpHUU
https://t.co/vGw0phUqxq
https://t.co/UPOXN3TF0w
https://t.co/18r4I5RtVw
https://t.co/h7aGyP9EpO
https://t.co/PcUC4oqhCh
https://t.co/XnEeXsCn9u
" Enjoy the weekend everybody! Become a fan and  follow my posts. Be bold and strong!
" Every step that we may take is an opportunity to create our success."
" We are who we believe that we are no matter what everybody else thinks. Our actions speak louder than our words."
" If one can think like a Multi billionaire, one can't help it but become one, else, it's a total failure."
" The true self-made or man made successful Multi billionaire is one who lives by the standard and the principles of wealth in mind and activities.
" When a good man makes money, he pays taxes and help build a strong society. When a bad man makes money, he steal taxes from uncle Sam and no one knows where puts his money."
" Success is the good things that we do with our time, resources, money to benefit ourselves, our family and society in general."
" When the time comes to take a break from work, you and your family head to one of our US touristic cities where we have all sorts of attractions, them parks, great restaurants, Ferris wheel, roller coasters, zoos, and great music that gives you a taste of success"
" Nothing feels better  than when you own brand new cars, a brand new jet, a brand new yacht, a brand new mansion called home, well lit, clean, organized and filled with all kinds of beautiful toys. Then  you are truly a success."
"The war against disorder, terror and violence is a perpetual one. The only way to win such a war is to maintain order with an absolute chain of command that everyone vows to obey. Be strong! "
" With all the defense and the controversies over global warming these days, will we rationalize that adverse effects of pollutants such as heavy metal contaminants, butane, have little effect upon Earth to undermine renewable energy sources?
" All service men and women have 10 percent off from all our products and services whether in active, reserve duty or retired domestically or overseas. Be strong and Carry on!"
If your business or corporation is suffering or you need expert service to go through your numbers to catch crooks, contact us at: Staffingconsultings@gmail.com.  Minimum charge is 500,000 Dollars per account.
I like to mind my own business. Why don't you mind yours?	LOL
When you are a success, the Planet is better off because you become an asset and not a liability.	GRED	staffingconsultings@gmail.com
How is everyone? Be sure FOLLOW ME on https://t.co/tgKFXN56XF as I want to get a couple of millions of followers on that... https://t.co/amAyYN5A7v
" The Multi-billionaire' motion picture will be cast throughout various locations of the US, Canada Europe, Latin America and the Middle East to satisfy a broad audience. So it's going to take almost a quarter billion dollars to shoot it right. Alright? https://t.co/mGYY2SbhE8
Breaking News: My team and I have decided to change the title of our next motion picture. We have made an executive decision to officially change it from" The Kidnappers" to " The Multi-billionaire."	GRED Productions".
" I want to see through that we move into 2050 where each living person on the Planet will have at least 50, 000 dollars worth of my products in their household."
" I want to deposit one stone in each Country on the Planet for as long we are in good tern with them for the sake of development and progress."	staffingconsultings@gmail.com
" in the meantime, enjoy life to the fullest and be happy my friends."	staffingconsultings@gmail.com
" My promise to mankind is never ever let you down and to ensure that you live higher standard of living as I want for myself. I want to make you rich."	staffingconsultings@gmail.com
" If hope each time you read my posts, you get a bit wealthier, healthier, more successful and more prosperous in every area of your life."	staffingconsultings@gmail.com
" I hope that each of my posts can be beneficial to advancing our causes, our products and our values globally."	staffingconsultings@gmail.com
" We create products and services that will make a difference in your life, that of your family, and your neighbors all over the globe. Wherever you see my name, it is associated with greatness, excellence and success."	staffinconsultings@gmail.com
" We are here to help the world keep promises and to see through that mankind gets better, bolder, brighter, more beautiful and above all, stronger."	staffingconsultings@gmail.com
" My job is to see through that all of my friends are successful whether far or near. Your success is my business."	Staffingconsultings@gmail.com
"Making the world a better place is a process place, a conscious effort of everyone to make a difference where all can enjoy life more abundantly whether you are at Wall Street, in Hollywood, behind the pulpit, in the White House, in the clock."	Staffinconsultings@gmail.com
Become a Multi Billionaire by doing it the Billionaire's way, increasing your sales and make more money and make your balance sheet look good.
" If humans ever get shrinked to the size of a finger, would that be a solution to overpopulation? We could easily fit 150 Billions humans on Earth without having to fight for space and land. Would the Jews and the Palestinians find a peace treaty over land?"
https://t.co/7f9ew4IDJP
"Entertainment business brings humor on the table and makes everyone laugh "a Good ass laugh" like never before and everybody wins." Stay strong!	GRED Productions
" Market credibility everywhere is essential to keep things running smoothly and peacefully. We don't want to fight dirty wars, we do our "shits" right. Great men and women do the right thing.  It's as simple as "good morning."
https://t.co/ELFjjWpzjb
Overworking is unhealthy but hard work always pays off. 20 Billion dollars a year in entertainment business is not too bad after all. Become a fan and follow my posts on twitter today!	GRED Productions
https://t.co/T1mSosbqSG
https://t.co/fR8NWoXvwi
" When my money is at stake, I don't smile, my eyes get red, my teeth get hard and my mouth ejects fire. When you come down to Wall Street, you don't mess with my money."	GRED Productions
" Every cell in my brain is made up of gold and everything I touch turns gold."
Stay strong and be prosperous!
" How can you grow to become a success when you sit around and keep playing with the same old tricks that never worked and they never will because they have never worked. Join my success guru network where we create millionaires and billionaires over time."
" How do you want to make money when you can't recognize greatness in great people who want to make you a success? How will you, some day, become a millionaire like me if you are always talking yourself down?
"  No business success is foreseeable without profit. No profit is foreseeable without a productive workforce. Being labor ready means that the people are fully trained in respective capacities and ready to produce and keep their jobs."
" You call me the "Success  and Money Guru" in Wall Street. We're counting Billions every day". Fuck the broke ass and penniless niggas who want to count pennies!	GRED Productions
" You are ugly, dumb as fuck and you ain't no money? Just take  a hike! 2018 Wall Street is going hard as rocks. Welcome to New York!"	GRED Productions
"If you ain't got no skill, no money, I ain't got time for you. Talk to my staff to see if you qualify for me to see you.  This is Wall Street shit out here."	GRED Productions
When it comes to my money, I don't have time for no "motherfuckers" on this planet. You ain't got money, you don't talk to me. Wait till I give you some of my money if you qualify.	GRED Productions
" I expect to bring 20 to 30 billions dollars annual gross revenues just in the movie business. So it's nothing small at all. So when you come see me in Hollywood, get ready to make things happen."	GRED Productions
" When you come Hollywood, put your "A" game out. I don't need no B+ or B- type of actor or actress. You come to auditions, be prepared to move forward if you make it to the top. I don't fucking have time to waste with losers.  I create great products."
" If you put a not so good movie out when you were a novice, we expect something better the second time. You can't make big money by continuously putting craps out. It's just "fucking" working . ok?"	GRED Productions
" A lot of movies don't sell because the producers did a sloppy job and people don't want to watch craps these days."	GRED Productions
" What makes a consumer want to go watch the same movie two and three times in a row? Obviously it is the quality of the motion picture. Everyone goes "wow", this producer did a great job."	-GRED Productions
" Our mission is to create great products and services to help mankind keep promises while making a profit for all of our stakeholders. There is not much else to it and end of story."	GRED Productions	staffingconsultings@gmail.com
" A solid foundation for sustainable success lies in the credibility and the integrity of the major players in any economy. Businesses and economies live forever when they uphold the principles of ethics".	GRED Productions
" If I set foot in a city  and it does not engage to move one or two steps forward to a better phase, it does not yet meet the requirements to be called a "city"."	staffingconsultings@gmail.com
" Any deviance of one's information theory of thought process from making the world a better place is like violating one's oath to uplifting mankind and creating a sustainable global environment where all can feel comfortable."	GRED Productions
https://t.co/OWZ5oEnOjp
There is beauty in the city. Lately,  I have developed OCD to check for potential environmental contamination. I like to live, work, have fun in a beautiful and clean city.	GRED Productions https://t.co/cwKdhttc1a
Every Country is expected to produce and get out of the shit hole some day. If they stay in the shit hole, shame on them. We'll still take care of them if need be. 	GRED Productions
"  I don't believe that Trump meant to say that "Haiti", my Country,  is a shit hole Country. I would never trade my hard working and productive fellow Haitian, African or Latin worker for a Norwayan or anyone else.  Get over it!
I don't need handouts, you can't buy my mouth. So take a hike! I go hard and push for excellence.	GRED Productions
" A Shakespearean style of writing filled with emotional variations declaimed by well spoken actors can move audiences and take them to a different level of thought in a movie theater."	GRED Productions	staffingconsultings@gmail.com
"The film industry seems to be pretty lucrative and it sure can boost one's personal imagination and creativity because we can do many things with it."	- GRED Productions	staffingconsultings@gmail.com
https://t.co/POfC23s3U0
I want to raise and contribute up to 100 Millions dollars to solve housing problems and fighting homelessness. Until then, we are going hard! Alright?	GRED Productions	staffingconsultings@gmail.com
"Life has many ups and downs, lows and highs, weak points and strong points and every day is a good day, a new... https://t.co/6t6VlAvP68
We are alive and strong. We are going hard my friends in 2018.
" The Kidnappers" in the studio just for people like you to come out an enjoy a good movie with a bag of popcorn and a high caffeine cup of soda."	GRED productions	staffingconsultings@gmail.com
" Non farm productivity and output for the second quarter of 2017 in the manufacturing sector, increased by 3.6 percent and unit labor cost decreased by 1.2 percent." What will we see in 2018 as we go hard?	GRED	staffingconsultings@gmail.com
" Those who serve their customers with enthusiasm and empathy keep loyal customers and increase their company credibility."	GRED	staffingconsultings@gmail.com
" Poor customer service is a sign and potential evidence of bad business practices"	GRED	staffingconsultings@gmail.com
" Through music, poetry, workmanship, and motion pictures, we can reclaim humanity to a higher standard of living by seeing hope, growth and profitability where others see despair. "	GRED productions	staffingconsultings@gmail.com
When 'The Kidnappers" come out, I need a couple of billions of fans to hit the movie theaters globally, hear that? We're going hard!	GRED Productions	staffingconsultings@gmail.com
" It takes a consensus effort to make the world a better place for all mankind. When everyone longs to be a success and finally becomes one, the  world is better off. Be a success!"	staffingconsultings@gmail.com https://t.co/OAxrKG1nIQ
" Welcome to 2018, my friends! This year, we are going hard, harder than 2017. "	-GRED	staffingconsultings@gmail.com
" We are not going to sleep in 2018, we are going hard."		All of our most glorious and most beautiful welcoming... https://t.co/RTdJDdDs7R
Music, music and more music!  Dame mas musica positiva. Pran mizik pozitif  la voye-l ale, lage-l, lage-l.... https://t.co/MCcqmfeTHk
"Once money starts speaking up, everybody will shut the fuck up."
Our "studio" will shoot the following motion pictures for global distribution: "The Kidnappers", "Toussaint Louverture", "The Neo Samurai", "The Battle of Vertieres", "The Battle of Lützen", and "Training Day". Very expensive stuffs! Pretty big budget and lots of jobs!	-GRED
" We don't condone negativity and broke minded people within our success network. I am a knight of love, positivism, productivity and real success for real men and women. Please, no politics "-	staffingconsultintgs@gmail.com
" When we have nothing to do, we watch the doers and that keeps our brain active."	staffingconsultings@gmail.com
" Real success gurus with Wall Street marks of excellence have the knowledge and the ability to make things happen without having to scam and con the consumers."	staffingconsultings@gmail.com
" A productive person may be quite, peaceful and inert but never idle."	Staffingconsultiings@gmail.com
" Having the ability to produce or to do work is euphoric by nature and I cant' trade that for any other lifestyle."	staffingconsultings@gmail.com
" Part of being successful means to get up after we had fallen and carry on till the end."	staffingconsultings@gmail.com
" One of the key ways to ensure success is to have a strong and robust health."	staffingconsultings@gmail.com
"Happy and hard working people earn more and get to keep their job more often than those who slack around an disgust their job."-	Staffingconsultings@gmail.com
Stay forever strong, my friends!
Lol
Life without great music is no life at all. Un-break my heart everyone and just let it be.Let go of our vain... https://t.co/SFQRkxik03
I need millions and millions of dollars to spend and billions and billions of dollars to make things happen the... https://t.co/eWvrovV8hp
Need of a talent agent? 	Send your electronic ONE PAGE ENTERTAINMENT RESUME and YOUR BEST HEAD SHOT to:... https://t.co/eT83s1WtfN
https://t.co/uNrCYRFyTZ
https://t.co/hQ0jLLnZcq
https://t.co/OBIb1Hv4NA
https://t.co/FrRZbSXHxV
This music will be a hit of all time for all the generations to come globally. Stay strong!-... https://t.co/pDy61BTB1v
https://t.co/nznYiz2aiM
Healthy living is important to all of us. I like to create work and social environments that are free from sexual... https://t.co/6GJjUFxk83
2018 is coming up stronger and bolder where quality becomes essential to attaining sustainable business and personal success.
How could a world leader have a nuclear weapon button on one's table? What are the US, the G20s and the UN doing about it? How long will it take to disarm North Korea from the possession of such an evil weapon? What do they want?
Happy New year all!
Take care everyone and have a wonderful weekend. In two days, we will be in 2018. Your success is closer than you think, just don't give up.
Building sustainability is a continuing effort and it can't happen without you. Sustainable and self sufficient people create sustainable environments. - Join hands with me in maintaining a sustainable and perpetual Planet.- Staffingconsultings@gmail.com
Hello everyone. It's "King Charley, the # 1". I want you guys to have a great end of year 2017 and to enjoy the... https://t.co/yMXB6c4jvP
Enjoy the holiday everybody and get ready to move into 2018 with force and might as if it was a year of new... https://t.co/5bZAx64lTV
Immigrants have played a powerful role in the making of a "Great America" with their culture, hard work and their positive spirit. https://t.co/JhZIOQSxKC
During my travels whether personal or for business purposes, I always take a look at cultural contributions of immigrants to America. When we dream big, we earn and we make it big, we give big as well to make mankind a livable place to be. We are not just takers, we are givers. https://t.co/xhLMlYMGLY
Seeing people get out of poverty by overcoming homelessness is a key and important factor in measuring success... https://t.co/jcFtddXQ12
With 2.5 billion dollars worth of products waiting to be turned into readily available rolling capital plus many... https://t.co/Zi2NfanDUT
Have an amazing holiday season! Have fun with Santa Claus. https://t.co/17064ZKJQZ
Whose fault was it that caused the Titanic to sink back in the years? Was it Captain Smith's irrationality  of... https://t.co/oTOzgm7DgL
2017 has been  a year of "excellence" so far with many new discoveries and findings from "biological" to "space"... https://t.co/lAoophGgSr
" Destiny is not what we want to be but what were born to be. What we were born to be has everything to do with what we do every day."-	staffingconsultings@gmail.com
"One simple positive step every day is enough to change the world and set the stage for success. Positivity frees our mind from clogging thoughts that bring us down.	" Staffingconsultings@gmail.com
This season brings much joy and excitement every year. It's one of the most wonderful times to visit some of our fine dining restaurants and attractions in Orlando, Las Vegas, Colorado, Los Angeles, New York...Life is short. Have fun!
We have hope in the future and enough faith in our abilities to build strong alliances all around the globe. Stand by me!
Earth is as much a beautiful planet as its inhabitants and it breeds beautiful and productive species to form a powerful bond with humans.
The Trump administration is making an excellent move fighting terror by attacking the sources of funding for these... https://t.co/fbcvF8RIEW
Need of a talent agent? 	Send your electronic ONE PAGE ENTERTAINMENT RESUME and YOUR BEST HEAD SHOT to:... https://t.co/k5wG0uZHj0
Need of a talent agent? 	Send your electronic ONE PAGE ENTERTAINMENT RESUME and YOUR BEST HEAD SHOT to:... https://t.co/cljVmDKRQm
Despite all the games, maneuvers, deceptions of some "mozzerfuckers", I still believe in "humandkindness". I still... https://t.co/hqobdRfAJl
Need of a talent agent? 	Send your electronic ONE PAGE ENTERTAINMENT RESUME and YOUR BEST HEAD SHOT to:... https://t.co/FBpiECQvN4
https://t.co/Ie9mFzar25
Need of a talent agent? 	Send your ONE PAGE ENTERTAINMENT RESUME and YOUR BEST HEAD SHOT to:... https://t.co/hHD3897LoV
"Ala de salopri papa". Get moving people and be productive!
"I know a black negro woman by the name of Mary McLeod Bethune, who became a very famous negro educator. She... https://t.co/I1dIfLeneI
As a Philanthropist, I find it difficult not to look at life humanistic-ally to find ways to offset the... https://t.co/QAbUHQnTpq
If you are in need of a talent agent, send your one page entertainment resume and one head shot to:... https://t.co/ZfYcFRdRGI
https://t.co/OEMmjB9YcW
Our threats never go away. https://t.co/2pxy34O5O5
https://t.co/em9fkXUQKd
Solid. lol
https://t.co/ewdJrS7QN9
Attention!!! Attention!!! Attention!!!		If your wedding ceremony and reception , banquet event, bachelor party,... https://t.co/geVePafIOQ
Solid! https://t.co/PPRCbPocJ5
If your wedding ceremony and reception , banquet event, bachelor party, prom night, graduation party,... https://t.co/2OztPlQxHA
https://t.co/53WWBtjEWx
American screenplay writers can improve our analytical perception of motion pictures and their musicality by... https://t.co/F7Z406Ng8Y
https://t.co/6D9XPoN0b5
Farewell fellows!
I just read an email from my real estate agent  that  the second house I want to purchase is worth $160,000,000. Oh well...
My ventures will attract passionate and compassionate workers, those who care to issue services and create great... https://t.co/DUhVffqac3
If I take my hard earned money and put my ass to school to obtain a college degree and not be able to make money... https://t.co/sji4IvAnZD
Nothing is more important than feeling free, joyful and content . Strengthening ourselves every day leads us to... https://t.co/CKIand6CU5
I would love to play the character of Nelson Mandela in a movie even If I might have to produce this motion... https://t.co/GUJxZch8wL
Let‘s say no to anti religous sentiments and yes to religious freedom! Be strong!
Every day passing by, we gain new insights, new understanding, new approaches to solve all of our ailments and... https://t.co/MK64CxgqER
Broke ass investors don‘ t like to take risk because they ain‘t got enough tosponsor struggling businesses and... https://t.co/O4n6GQcyEQ
In this life, tough times come upon everyone, the rich, the poor, the short, the tall, the maggot and the... https://t.co/uLj27Sjtoa
The balance between greed, growth and the protection of public interests is always a challenge, a struggle to all... https://t.co/4liJ0oUJvf
Still working on this motion picture project. Stuffs like this take a lot of money, hard work, time, space and... https://t.co/WhAW30z6Oc
.Positive and progressive millionaires, politicians, entrepreneurs, scholars, government agencies and the working... https://t.co/1eZ2Z4Vqu2
I hope that everyone is having a wonderful weekend as we are diving into this season of great celebrations,... https://t.co/Ri2OqElF0F
One of the  things that contributes to the greatness of.America is its pride in the total sum of successes of the... https://t.co/eNT7zEbCU8
How many jobs can I create in Haiti will depend on the nature of   the market analysis down there just like every... https://t.co/PVm9BArOFk
America is stronger when its people learn to respect one another  as we do to all aliens, visitors and guests who... https://t.co/QBbsGyCzk1
Your  wedding is coming up soon and you need a romantic singer or a full band, call 4076078717 make a reservation. https://t.co/M7okgLitxr
Those of you that are getting married and are in need of a romantic vocal to bring life to your ceremony or your... https://t.co/o1OsK28xTX
Keep it simple!
Hello my people of Facebook! How is everyone? Are you guys good? Are you taking good care of yoursleves?  Are you... https://t.co/NFYwKRn3Od
Stay hopeful and be productive everyone. I will always stand by you when you carry on. Be positive and strong! https://t.co/08CIjU12yZ
https://t.co/IhF5tlgGEP
Nothing is more beautiful than when have the courage to carry on in the face of adversity as an individual or as... https://t.co/1Mu13cc1sh
Stay hopeful, steadfast, positive for a better future while pursuing our dreams relentlessly. https://t.co/GwtDZfkYHo
https://t.co/L3OozXt8LN
How is everyone this weekend?  Better days are ahead of you. Pursue your dreams no matter what. Always be strong... https://t.co/uZpFw2niG4
Since 1998 https://t.co/L4JT15KoTN
One of the strongest concepts that has become a living reality in American society and the corporate world is the... https://t.co/1cpMKlxxnv
Hello dear fans, friends in Orlando, Fort Lauderdale, Miami, Tallahassee, New York, Baltimore, Oklahoma, Alabama,... https://t.co/e1SPzkAMgf
I thank Facebook for always reminding me of my friends. That's amazing!
Alright ladies, I am a very busy man trying to get my shit together. It's not that I don't like you, love you,... https://t.co/9heQ1nSTJd
What about music that makes people feel better themselves without exaggeration? Musicians should be some of the... https://t.co/8xnjqwFrOV
Sing along and be positive! https://t.co/hjq5OAUwr0
So many think that Trump's administration is doing a damn good job restoring our relationships with the... https://t.co/SjQgQhk9br
Money, money, money, the only economic element that gets things done without a lot of talking. Stay motivated and... https://t.co/ss4X219vJU
Mother Earth has been Blessed and favored by great people, great souls an great minds, the greatest spirits of... https://t.co/AwosJm5gik
I hope that Puerto RIco, Texas, las Vegas will recover from all the pain that life brought over you lately. Be... https://t.co/zdqdBPMZNr
When it comes to my company, I am not in massissi with any political party....