"The further a society drifts from truth, the more it will hate those that speak it" - George Orwell.  Never forget why our Founders based this country on freedom of the press.  We cannot become numb to a President who attacks the truth, the press, and our values.
“Every time you assault and stereotype a person, you’ve ripped the social fabric. Every time you see that person deeply and make him or her feel known, you’ve woven it.” David Brooks (2/18 NY Times) is right that we all need to be weavers if we are to heal our beloved country.
Great to talk to future journalists today at USC In LA. Truth matters. https://t.co/OojH3Q22bq
There is no doubt that Virginia’s leaders need to be held accountable for their personal history, but every Virginia leader is responsible for the racist symbols that still loom over our lives. https://t.co/txDKI10VI1
Governor Northam should resign. Our Commonwealth is better than this and deserves better than this.
Enjoyed the powerful “Red Velvet” in Richmond today, which tells the story of Ira Aldridge, the first black actor to take the stage in London’s West End. https://t.co/UQUMH42sAU
Remembering Russell Baker. As a high school and college journalist,  I couldn’t wait to read his column. https://t.co/ysnVXpR6nj
“And there are times when you must take a stand that is neither safe nor politic nor popular, but you must do it because it is right.” — MLK, Atlanta 1967
This is not okay, not normal. That the witness intimidation continues while hundreds of thousands of honest public servants are without pay moves it from just outrageous to unconscionable.  Can Republicans hear the past asking, “At long last, have you left no sense of decency?”
The perfect day to see “To Kill a Mockingbird” on Broadway. Amazing cast and vital message: “All rise.” https://t.co/KIsjKpoqml
“I ask you to judge me by the enemies I have made.” — FDR
Looks like the Republican tent is too small to fit integrity. Today, Republicans attacked a Senator for truthfully calling out the President for his lack of character, while staying mute as he proved it by lying about Jim Mattis and approving the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan.
We must not accept or be numb to amoral leadership. Thankful for patriots across the political spectrum who are speaking out.
FBI families will spend Christmas without a paycheck.  This president promised Mexico would pay for the wall but innocent people are now paying the price for another lie. Our thoughts are with hardworking public servants and their families.
To a president without any external ethical framework, folks who resign on principle must be confusing.
This is from the President of our country, lying about the lawful execution of a search warrant issued by a federal judge. Shame on Republicans who don’t speak up at this moment — for the FBI, the rule of law, and the truth. https://t.co/c5dhQBnmyi
And I was worried this woudn’t be a dignified, open-minded search for the truth. https://t.co/8L0tA0NQQy
Today wasn’t a search for truth, but a desperate attempt to find anything that can be used to attack the institutions of justice investigating this president. They came up empty today but will try again. In the long run, it'll make no difference because facts are stubborn things.
Grateful for a fair hearing from judge. Hard to protect my rights without being in contempt, which I don’t believe in. So will sit in the dark, but Republicans agree I’m free to talk when done and transcript released in 24 hours. This is the closest I can get to public testimony.
Remembering the wisdom of a great American leader: “America is never wholly herself unless she is engaged in high moral principle. We as a people have such a purpose today. It is to make kinder the face of the nation and gentler the face of the world." George H. W. Bush
Today my legal team filed court papers to try to get transparency from House Republicans. Let the American people watch. https://t.co/4kPFDzDPkN
Great event last night at Boston Symphony Hall and an interesting pre-speech conversation with WGBH’s Jared Bowen.  https://t.co/2vkUszaHVx
Happy Thanksgiving. Got a subpoena from House Republicans. I’m still happy to sit in the light and answer all questions. But I will resist a “closed door” thing because I’ve seen enough of their selective leaking and distortion.  Let’s have a hearing and invite everyone to see.
House Republicans can ask me anything they want but I want the American people to watch, so let’s have a public hearing. Truth is best served by transparency.  Let me know when is convenient.
Our dog, Benji, died this afternoon.  Because he was a rescue, we didn’t know his age today, except “very old.”  He was a friend to an entire big family as only a dog can be. Goodbye old soul. https://t.co/KExqG9ZPZM
We will now have a balance of power, which is a very good thing for our republic. Signs of an awakening are everywhere tonight. The giant is stirring.  Do not stop speaking and living American values.
Congratulations to Jennifer Wexton and her team.  Her district has been Republican since 1981. https://t.co/YbK6E9V8JS
Voted. Now going out to knock on doors to urge everyone to vote.  Should be fun. https://t.co/xvofJXSPb9
https://t.co/L5cG6JYr2a
VOTE in 1 day: “The power under the Constitution will always be in the People. It is entrusted...to representatives of their own chusing; and whenever it is executed contrary to their Interest...their Servants can, and undoubtedly will be, recalled.” George Washington
VOTE in 2 days: “Elections belong to the people. It's their decision. If they decide to turn their back on the fire and burn their behinds, then they will just have to sit on their blisters.”	Abraham Lincoln
VOTE in 3 days: “I will not vote for another Republican until Trump is out of office.” My independent-voter wife to a Republican pollster who randomly called our house.
VOTE in 4 days: “Bad officials are elected by good citizens who do not vote.” George Jean Nathan
VOTE in 5 days: “Young people need to vote. They need to get out there. Every vote counts. Educate yourself too. Don’t just vote. Know what you’re voting for, and stand by that.” Nikki Reed
VOTE in 6 days: “Too many people fought too hard to make sure all citizens of all colors, races, ethnicities, genders, and abilities can vote to think that not voting somehow sends a message.” Luis Gutierrez
VOTE in 7 days: “Nobody will ever deprive the American people of the right to vote except the American people themselves and the only way they could do this is by not voting.” FDR
Powerful words in wake of recent hate-inspired acts of domestic terrorism:  “Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.”	Martin Luther King Jr.
“...and the higher in Rank the Officer is who sets it, the more striking it is.”  - George Washington
"Example, whether it be good or bad, has a powerful influence." - George Washington
My wife is so relieved.  😂 https://t.co/jYHFPXsanl
The United States should be a shining light for the world, modeling a democracy that values truth, respects free press, protects human rights, and stands against murderers, oppression, and bigotry.  Trump and the Republican Party are dimming that light.
“Men will not cease to be dishonest, merely because their dishonesties have been revealed or because they have discovered their own deceptions. Wherever men hold unequal power in society, they will strive to maintain it.” — Reinhold Niebuhr, “Moral Man And Immoral Society” (1932)
We need a balance of power, badly. https://t.co/iYZoqbwLtS
After last night’s rally, it is important to remember we once had a President who spoke these words: “Live simply, love generously, care deeply, speak kindly, and leave the rest to God.” Ronald Reagan
https://t.co/oaFOBiBtav
Small lies matter, even about yearbooks. From the standard jury instruction: “If a witness is shown knowingly to have testified falsely about any material matter, you have a right to distrust such witness' other testimony and you may reject all the testimony of that witness ...”
These are the real heroes.  👇 https://t.co/kQ2UdCrLw7
FBI trainees visit Holocaust Museum to understand how easily humans give in to a group. Words from 2015 speech: “I want them to walk out...treasuring the constraint and oversight of divided government, the restriction of the rule of law, the binding of a free and vibrant press. “
Enjoyed today’s visit: An inspiring reminder that we always emerge stronger from hard times. https://t.co/vpqzTQbey9
Heavy heart today for many reasons, including that 9/11 first responders continue to pay the ultimate price for service that day.  Please know you and your families have the thanks and prayers of a grateful nation.
“To keep any great nation up to a high standard of civilization there must be enough superior characters to hold the balance of power, but the very moment the balance of power gets into the hands of second-rate men and women, a decline of that nation is inevitable.” C. D. Larson
GWB on McCain: ”He was motivated by a vision of America carried ever forward, ever upward, on the strength of its principles...as the carrier of enduring human aspirations. As an advocate for the oppressed, as a defender of the peace, as a promise, unwavering, undimmed, unequal.”
John McCain’s final statement is what genuine American leadership sounds like.
Truth exists and truth matters. Truth has always been the touchstone of our country’s justice system and political life. People who lie are held accountable. If we are untethered to truth, our justice system cannot function and a society based on the rule of law dissolves.
https://t.co/eZt2p01fle
Grateful to one of my heroes, @KingJames, for again showing what leadership, service, and class look like. #IPromise
Good reminder today of this golden rule: https://t.co/RtNOXIKkJa
And I also should have added: For me Twitter is a good place to share brief ideas and updates. It is hard to have serious conversations on social media. We need to talk in person. It is hard to hate up close.
And I should have added: I never read Twitter comments, but I’m guessing you will be able to see examples of the problem there.
We must get better at disagreeing without hating. The Russians know “a house divided against itself cannot stand.” So they push us on social media from all sides.  If we stand together as Americans and debate issues respectfully, then our true enemies will be defeated.
Many thanks to the DC cast of “Hamilton” for their public service.  Great show. Great message. https://t.co/USxUFB3NDV
Thought experiment: Make a list of all the public figures in this country and around the world the current president has criticized.		Ask yourself: “Why is Putin missing from the list?” 		No responsible American should ever stop asking, “Why?”
Democrats, please, please don’t lose your minds and rush to the socialist left. This president and his Republican Party are counting on you to do exactly that. America’s great middle wants sensible, balanced, ethical leadership.
Great night at Wolf Trap National Park taping “Wait, Wait... Don’t Tell Me!” with Peter Sagal. https://t.co/JvFbD0iGZu
This Republican Congress has proven incapable of fulfilling the Founders’ design that “Ambition must ... counteract ambition.” All who believe in this country’s values must vote for Democrats this fall. Policy differences don’t matter right now. History has its eyes on us.
Having sold out our nation on an international stage, Mr. Trump will now explain it all to Sean Hannity and Tucker Carlson? I’m guessing RT and Sputnick were unavailable. He owes it to our nation to sit down with a serious journalist.
This was the day an American president stood on foreign soil next to a murderous lying thug and refused to back his own country.  Patriots need to stand up and reject the behavior of this president.
I attended a ceremony today where 75 new citizens took the oath to become part of this great country. I didn’t know any of them but it was deeply emotional to see the words we read yesterday live through their commitment to being Americans.  We are all so fortunate to be here.
The Comey family Declaration pieces (long ago made “authentic” by our kids burning the edges and soaking it in coffee). As always on July 4th, we will assign parts and read today as a… https://t.co/wSzfpQyD5x
So good to see new growth in Iowa and across the country. https://t.co/3UeDofNVaC
I hardly gnome. https://t.co/PERd5PE2qM
https://t.co/eIL0A7bjk2
I respect the DOJ IG office, which is why I urged them to do this review. The conclusions are reasonable, even though I disagree with some. People of good faith can see an unprecedented situation differently. I pray no Director faces it again. Thanks to IG’s people for hard work.
Our national security relationship with Canada is vital and saves American lives. It was built over generations and is bigger than any person or dispute. This too shall pass. https://t.co/TTOPUf2kjB
Just finished Jon Meacham’s “The Soul of America.” Good reminder that facts and the essential goodness of the American people always triumph. It can take a while, but decency and the rule of law inevitably win over demagogues and liars.  So long as we all stand up and speak out.
A great American steps away from another job where he served others and lived up to his own words: “If we have taught them well, they will understand the importance of honesty and integrity, two qualities that will define their legacy in life.” https://t.co/RvG037hloZ
Dangerous time when our country is led by those who will lie about anything, backed by those who will believe anything, based on information from media sources that will say anything.  Americans must break out of that bubble and seek truth.
Facts matter. The FBI’s use of Confidential Human Sources (the actual term) is tightly regulated and essential to protecting the country. Attacks on the FBI and lying about its work will do lasting damage to our country. How will Republicans explain this to their grandchildren?
As #PoliceWeek starts, thanks to all who risk their lives to keep us safe. We will never forget those killed in the line of duty. May their families find peace and strength. https://t.co/47XWbeLx4p
Missing the people of the FBI today. Thank you for your commitment to truth and for all the good you do for this country. https://t.co/pMM6y3qQFT
A great public servant retired from the FBI today. Jim Baker’s integrity and commitment to the rule of law have benefitted our country through 5 presidents, of both parties. We are fortunate he and so many others choose to devote their lives to justice.
I know the New York FBI. There are no “stormtroopers” there; just a group of people devoted to the rule of law and the truth. Our country would be better off if our leaders tried to be like them, rather than comparing them to Nazis.
Many thanks to Mike Allen and Politics &amp; Prose for a great conversation tonight. https://t.co/rmTPSfl2PF
The last two weeks were a reminder of the vital role of the press and of open-minded, respectful conversation in our lives.  I’m grateful for good and tough questions from reporters across the spectrum and around the world. Look forward to more.
Ben Wittes is the kind of person who actually reads a book before deciding what it says.  Not to mention a good friend and cheap lunch date. https://t.co/xsKRKbVaeF
@johngreen You should not be. It is a great book. Was recently in Amsterdam and walked some of the scenes with your huge fan, my youngest daughter. Loved hearing from you and meeting you at Kenyon.
My book is about ethical leadership &amp; draws on stories from my life &amp; lessons I learned from others. 3 presidents are in my book: 2 help illustrate the values at the heart of ethical leadership; 1 serves as a counterpoint. I hope folks read the whole thing and find it useful.
Not how my house normally looks. One chair for George, one for me. https://t.co/wjVqCpRnoR
Honored to be with amazing Broadway cast of @TheBandsVisit, a musical about kindness, hospitality, and our common humanity. https://t.co/4mHPtjjMvg
Mr. President, the American people will hear my story very soon. And they can judge for themselves who is honorable and who is not.
I don’t have personalized bracket stationary like @BarackObama but I got the substance (and a smoother shot tbh). https://t.co/QJ8HF4CwDW
No matter who you are, what you say matters. #speechmoves https://t.co/ppUuQ9qkB6
Former Special Agent Bob Levinson disappeared in Iran 11 years ago. The US Government must never stop trying to bring him home to his amazing family.  #HelpBobLevinson https://t.co/xEA8er3Bmj
Lordy, this time there will be a tape. Audio book almost finished. https://t.co/38LNOJdtw7
Book is finished. I’m looking forward to sharing it with everyone and talking about it on ABC. https://t.co/ksBZqIgVkH
I’ve heard people have missed my photo tweets. 🙂  I took this yesterday during a long, peaceful walk by the Potomac on a break from putting finishing touches on my book. I’m looking forward to its release and joining the discussion about ethical leadership. https://t.co/GLcDGsSWR9
Got to dress up for a family event tonight and was proud to wear my FBI cufflinks. https://t.co/2o3zymF9i9
Special Agent Josh Campbell will be missed at the FBI, but his voice is an important addition to the national conversation.  @joshscampbell  https://t.co/TETeRrou8C
That’s it? Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee, destroyed trust with Intelligence Community, damaged relationship with FISA court, and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen. For what? DOJ &amp; FBI must keep doing their jobs.
All should appreciate the FBI speaking up. I wish more of our leaders would. But take heart: American history shows that, in the long run, weasels and liars never hold the field, so long as good people stand up. Not a lot of schools or streets named for Joe McCarthy.
Special Agent Andrew McCabe stood tall over the last 8 months, when small people were trying to tear down an institution we all depend on. He served with distinction for two decades. I wish Andy well. I also wish continued strength for the rest of the FBI.  America needs you.
Russia threat should unite us, not divide us: “It’s not about Republicans or Democrats. They’re coming after America, which I hope we all love equally... And they will be back, because we remain...that shining city on the hill, and they don’t like it. “ Me (Senate Intel 6/8/17)
Good to read reports of people standing up for what they believe in. “The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy” — MLK
Saw “Come From Away” in New York City tonight. @wecomefromaway is an inspiring story of kindness on 9/11 across all human divides, and in the midst of pain and turmoil. Great message for today.  And the producer let me hold the Newfoundland cod prop. https://t.co/9SweGb5ios
On MLK day, I like to read his Letter From Birmingham Jail, which still resonates: “Let us all hope that the dark clouds of racial prejudice will soon pass away... and in some not too distant tomorrow the radiant stars of love and brotherhood will shine over our great nation...”
“Give me your tired, your poor,  your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, the wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed to me, I lift my lamp beside the golden door!” This country’s greatness and true genius lies in its diversity.
Thoughtful leaders on both sides of the aisle know FISA section 702 is a vital and carefully overseen tool to protect this country.  This isn’t about politics. Congress must reauthorize it.
@benjaminwittes To be clear, I am not the bunny.
Where are the voices of all the leaders who know an independent Department of Justice and FBI are essential to our liberty? “You are not only responsible for what you say, but also for what you do not say.” — Martin Luther
Here’s hoping 2018 brings more ethical leadership, focused on the truth and lasting values.  Happy New Year, everybody.
@MaggieMayFromCA Thanks for an amazing show. My family and I loved it. Sorry I saw this too late. Please thank the cast for performing my favorite musical so beautifully.
For years in leadership talks I’ve used LeBron James as an example of the relentless pursuit of improvement. Now he offers another great example - in balance and perspective. https://t.co/ygqPwArVfl
Our tree is ready. May we all get and give a little more kindness this Christmas. No matter what you believe or think, I wish you peace. https://t.co/0maUHCXoZG
RT @benjaminwittes: The President is impugning the integrity of the FBI by attacking two honorable public servants: Jim Baker and Andy McCa…
Sadly, we are now at a point in our political life when anyone can be attacked for partisan gain. James Baker, who is stepping down as FBI General Counsel, served our country incredibly well for 25 years &amp; deserves better. He is what we should all want our public servants to be.
Don’t let them get you down: “We cannot absolutely prove that those are in error who tell us that society has reached a turning point, that we have seen our best days. But so said all before us, and with just as much apparent reason. “  Thomas Babbington Macaulay (1830)
@PreetBharara @springsteen Youa gonna love it. Amazing talent.
“The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice.” - Bruce Springsteen tonight, quoting Martin Luther King, Jr. https://t.co/WciZkRmYA3
“[T]he citizen’s safety lies in the prosecutor . . . who serves the law and not factional purposes” Robert H. Jackson (former Attorney General, Supreme Court Justice, chief Nuremberg prosecutor)
“Nothing discloses real character like the use of power.  ...  Most people can bear adversity; but if you wish to know what a man really is give him power. “ Robert G. Ingersoll (1883, speaking of Lincoln)
“Applause is the spur of noble minds, the end and aim of weak ones.” - Edmund Burke (1730-1797)
In NYC to meet with my publisher.   Hope leadership book will be useful.  Reassuring to see Lady Liberty standing tall even in rough weather. https://t.co/KIjb29k2Cg
“I want the American people to know this truth: The FBI is honest. The FBI is strong. And the FBI is, and always will be, independent.”	Me (June 8, 2017) https://t.co/OZ1ZiBrMNL
Beautiful Long Island Sound from Westport, CT. To paraphrase the Buddha — Three things cannot… https://t.co/FFImOB8Wcq
With four daughters, this skit is funny, painful, and personal for me. All of us are responsible for the culture of our workplaces, which we protect by insisting on transparency and integrity. Weekend Update: Claire from HR - SNL https://t.co/Cpck2AOv8j via @YouTube
“But justice roll down like waters and righteousness like an ever-flowing stream” Amos 5:24 https://t.co/o89PSY1YBd
“The truth is incontrovertible. Malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end, there it is.” - Winston Churchill
“Our liberty depends on the freedom of the press, and that cannot be limited without being lost.” - Thomas Jefferson,  Jan. 28, 1786 https://t.co/LEvy1hHRPI
“Thank you expresses extreme gratitude, humility, and understanding” - Alice Walker.                        At our home the “turkey” is ready for gratitude feathers and the pies are rolling. Happy Thanksgiving.  Grateful for this wonderful country. Go Giants. https://t.co/u2PUCEHl6h
“The essence of immorality is the tendency to make an exception of myself.” Jane Addams (1860-1935)
Great conversation tonight about ethical leadership at American University with future government leaders. (I’m in the back.) @AU_SPA https://t.co/Kjqh5CXViS
“A good leader takes a little more than his share of the blame, a little less than his share of the credit.” Arnold H. Glasow(1905-1998)
“The supreme quality for leadership is unquestionably integrity. Without it, no real success is possible, whether it is on a section gang, a football field, in an army, or in an office.” Dwight D. Eisenhower
RT @HUnited_: Such an insightful conversation with Former FBI Director James @Comey . We must remember that we are stronger united rather t…
Great panel tonight on law enforcement and race at Howard with Birmingham, Alabama leaders. https://t.co/ufuHzaPvqi
I️ included the picture of the Great Falls of the Potomac because I️ like it and because it reminds me of my favorite scripture verse, from Amos: “But let justice roll down like waters and righteousness like an ever-flowing stream.”
“If you want truth to go round the world you must hire an express train to pull it; but if you want a lie to go round the world, it will fly; it is light as a feather and a breath  will carry it.” Rev. Charles Haddon Spurgeon (1855). https://t.co/YZf4q88wyi
Happy Birthday to the love of my life. Nothing goes together like onion rings and a cosmo (it IS her day, after all). https://t.co/538fGuotNN
This morning in Manhattan, reminders of pain and loss.  And also hope. https://t.co/OSdp154ZBY
Here’s my new handle. Glad to be part of the Twitterverse. Grateful to Reinhold for the cover these last few years.
Final, and striking, paragraph from @nytdavidbrooks column this week: https://t.co/NrnbqWNS5A
@SteveNilesCBC Check the actual cover. I’m all about Oxford commas.
Lordy I hope there are pictures. https://t.co/7mkLLskVu8
It was great to be there. Thanks for the hard questions and good conversation. https://t.co/IhU80jJ386
“Man’s capacity for justice makes democracy possible, but man’s inclination to injustice makes democracy necessary.” Reinhold Niebuhr
We are in an “inescapable network of mutuality, tied in a single garment of destiny. Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly.” https://t.co/JdwbauIjoQ
Honored to be at Howard tonight for first session. It was a great group with important questions.  Looking forward to the rest of the year. https://t.co/9qFwatxRVB
Goodbye Iowa. On the road home. Gotta get back to writing.  Will try to tweet in useful ways. https://t.co/DCbu3Yvqt3
Watching migrating white pelicans in Iowa thinking about Niebuhr’s Serenity Prayer. https://t.co/TCAU4gs0Jw
Good to be back in Iowa. https://t.co/TGJHOhQ9KF
Little Round Top, Gettysburg. Good place to think about leadership and values. https://t.co/o1cKBXrLCl
Beautiful fall day at West Point. Lone kayaker on the Hudson. https://t.co/gcJ730VD7p
https://t.co/L5ehuMFGat https://t.co/x53gCG7Nvc