@wicked_bella hey yo dig your style mama i live at venice beach would love to write some poetry and guitar riffs with you at the drum circle on sunday sometime o damn your in fl. why do i just assume bad ass chicks like you are in l.a. well maybe i can do spring break panama city
@CamilaRuiizz que pasa mami who should i like in futbol you tell me and i'll pull for them greetings from L.A. if you want to see pics of me go to my facebook todd stefanksky dj vj on facebook page check me out ma 100
@ZeeMusik321 there some shit going down mad bitches in 4 ways i need that beat turn the heat up ok i eat a jalapeno tamale bout to hit reno in 2 days that bitch wanna switch up so she eat her friend on a date under the table i killed a man in reno just to kill a man, heard da train coming
@marilynmanson hey https://t.co/68KWF8oENP  i used to live in nashville this is my way of sayin howdy partna now i live in venice but the police made me go back to nc or they wouldn't let me out of the mental hospital on avalon in south central l.a. but i'll be back soon would love to absynthe
church church church!
what the fuck m they censored me that was the most beautiful video i was thinking about it in my jail cell the other night!  ok kill kill kill for me the good doctor hunter s. thompson commands it in the spirit of allen ginsberg and why do i have to be 18 and up to listen to k4me
@Dor1897 @L1LDebbie o ya and i know you don't like motherfuckas not having pics sorry i stay off the grid living outside at venice but telly up sometimes i like the air and the playa dig no walls sky!  but you can check me out at todd stefansky on facebook got a couple of pics up there.
staying on that white girl mob(even though she's italian like what the fuck gringo) wave on that white girl mob wave get like me o ya lil deb don't like her my bad boo that is your doo you write about that lil debbie! https://t.co/Y3FaZEjlcK
@L1LDebbie im sendin energy your way asking Great Spirit for healin over you don't worry mama it'll only be here for the night!  hey i used to live in the golden gate park with the grateful dead family and san fransisco scum fuck punk rockers!  its such a groovy groovy place frisco chinatow
@Dor1897 @L1LDebbie that flow fire lil deb!  we fuckin for free never bitch you trippin we aint fuckin your strippin at the spot bringin it back to the pap thats me smokin pot i dont have sex imma pimp idont have sex imma pimp my dick is frozen crytals where i should be pissin!  thats off da beat!
@L1LDebbie idda done it outta venice and banta bonica partna but im all the way in nc tonight trappin so i can come back home tell andy milonakis to grill you one how do you like your steak so i know for next time and why the fuck aint you ate steak in a year doing the vegan thing or sumpin
@L1LDebbie yo!  just wanted to stop in tap in and show love coming to you fixture at venice beach but in da dirty south tonight on the  east coast extradited outta south central will be back in o.c. soon!  big supporter got mad love and respect been carrying ya'lls wave since i first heardi
@KREAYSHAWN @parv0_ let me get that beat i just said free sug knright threw his prison sink im up all night so what the fuck you drank, you like these free styles you should see my bank, you should see my dank, you should smoke this indica and head back to the bankhead(a-town) im in da dirty dirty
@GFuelEnergy @JODYHiGHROLLER rock star lifestyle might don't make it pull her pannies down give it to me lakers cheerleaders backstage panny raid like 9th grade 9th wonder of the world shooting for 3 danny ainge.  score kreayshawn and lil debbie smokin high grade where oakland at, gonedumb with krea escalade
@HELL_ETC and i hope you had a great time at that party my cousin was the weekend editor of the vanity fair emma stefansky.  would love to smoke some dead peoples bones hallucogenic for me and drink absynthe with you some time i live in venice beach but in nc tonight.   please dont stop!
@HELL_ETC hello there m i've been listenin to you since i was a wee lad getting bullied in catholic school in 95!  you have a great path of raging against hypocrisy just like my King Jesus!  and He loves you so much although you probably hate being told that a million times a week.
RT @charliekirk11: This is Riley Heath		He goes to Princeton		He was assaulted by a socialist on campus last month		You can see the scar on…
@JacksonLeeTX18 @HouseDemocrats if a person has a felony in there background they probably live in a n environment where they need a gun who are you to try and take that right away?  where in the constitution does it say if you have a felony no weapon it says every man and woman has right to bear arms.
@BriannaWu the point of the right to bear fire arms is to take back your goverment isf there is treason!  you gotta be ready to take these crackers to war when its time
@CharlesMBlow i don't get the humor he's probably not a racist and who cares if he is.  what a waste of time they can't find anything to impeach him on so they're now playing the race card cuz thats all that rat bitch cohen would give them!  lol as you say
@JamilSmith what a waste of time all created cuz rashida wanted to play the race card.  you can't impeach someone for being a racist cohens a rat bitch that folded that shit don't last in the streets race card race card race card waaaaaaa
@RepDavidEPrice why are you trying to destroy one of the foundations of america.  people that have backgrounds with criminal records obviously need guns.  everybusiness isn't soft like corporate america which i hit up everyday cuz they don't have guns.  so quit acting like you give a shit
@SpeakerPelosi you have security with guns is why you think shit is so sweet!  some people can't afford security or want to be there own security.  in the high school shootings guns don't hurt people bullying does.  someone can run in with a knife and then it would be way longer a death
@SpeakerPelosi the people that need guns are the ones have felonies.  everyone needs a gun.  what are you going to do call the police and sit in wait for an hour while people are threatening you at gun point or breaking in your house!  Having guns is an important right everyone should have!
@KREAYSHAWN come see me at venice beach!  im off the grid so no cellphone don't want a gps in my pocket new to twitter so you can check me out at todd stefansky on facebook!  let me know next time your djing stack been reppin that white girl mob for a minute lil sis love what you do DAT GO!
@THArealVNASTY and if you don't know now you know nigga!  check me out todd stefansky on facebook get at me so we can get active catch me down in venice beach 1
@THArealVNASTY tappin in i sent you an email to never tap out!  we ridin!  m.i.c.k.e.Y gang (my inner circle kills empires y? with flip phone records!  holla back don! 100
new heat from vnasty  "motherfucker said he'd kill for me that's hard to beleive, i said catch a body cuz talk his cheap.  show me one nasty i'm ready to put in work! https://t.co/EEz7sTzUOP
@THArealVNASTY fire!
flame on flame flame on! https://t.co/NqnS1vn5Uc
vnasty flame on https://t.co/E5TYDFjSG7
@THArealVNASTY dont be sista that's whywe love you!!! look me up dj vj on facebook todd stefansky if you wanna see what i look like im off da grid so don;t keep a phone so no picture book
@THArealVNASTY well come on sista we can getit back anytime vnasty be the shoota but i gotta 6pack in da coola yonce im cool like fonzy surf venice beach roxy, let me see, who thinks there battlin me, i take cherry mcs and poppem everywhere i go shootas ask what's poppin to much talkin byeimsky
@RevDrBarber hey great job at the naacp rally and sermon the other week i was very much blessed thankyou sir
@ItsTheSituation yo you out son?  been praying with you and for you this whole time even got locked up on new years for you my dude!
@nillythesquid YO I WANNA see you panama city spring break you bad panama im a cholo from L.A. YOU can check me out at todd stefansky on facebook peace!  shawty got dat ass i gotta look
bout to go steal me a spicy chicken fila sandwich from chic fil a lunch time check out my dj vj work i been doing all day at todd stefansky on facebook ciao that's a fake name by the way my name is siouwatonoah sky or lucy hurricane diamonds or mickey rap name lil boo boo im ghos
@KREAYSHAWN THATS a book by the way case you aint read it electric kool aid acid test by tom wolfe bout dem boys and gurlz
@KREAYSHAWN now after mac miller i don't drink no moe lean sept on occasion when im raving which is every night ooops what's that i found a dike gotta go send a kite to sug knight  met him in daygo where i couldn't say no now it's all about 2pac DEATHROW
@KREAYSHAWN fuck the i.r.s. shoulda never been invented just wanted to get al capone and da boys
@KREAYSHAWN the electric koolaid acid test about ken kesey hells angels outta oakland merry pranksters and grateful dead originally called warlocks there still on tour with johnny mayer checkem out dead and company and phil lesh and friends up in san rafiel phil is a bar called terrapins fur
@KREAYSHAWN cheer up buttercup and worst of all she's sad today cheer up buttercup dont let it get to your heart!  california california girls.  one look will melt your popsickle wo wo wowowwowo kreays a california california gurrrrrrrrl! ya bump that katycat outta santa barbara with snoopy
@KREAYSHAWN is everything ok lil sis?  holla back from da bay to venice!  dog town come through some time shore line and venice 13 we gotcha
@KREAYSHAWN bumpin bumpin dance floor bumpin stepped up in the pyramid tonight golden cunt rain down on me bumpin bumpin i just got out da joint got a honey bun in da oven bumpin bumpin someone say something bout kreay you goin in the oven.  now kreay go kreay smoke sumpin got hella love
@KREAYSHAWN i got some l.s.d. grateful dead family golden gate park haight ashbury you ever chilled over there golden gate park i used to squat out there for years then moved in my homeys flat in the haight by the pan handle.  well hope you have a great day that is all!  maybe one day wetrip
@KREAYSHAWN @parv0_ free p.o fuck the p.o (parole officer) fuck kreayshawn in her pee hole and the shitter just kiddin that's my lil lil sister thangs start slow what am i so star struck fo?  damn just went dumb, like zen time to go pick up a bottle of hen 2pac then gin snoop dawg free sug knight
@MarkDice it's not who cares he can say and think whatever he wants admitting problems is how you fix them to be the best not become complacent
@TDCanes hey i could use a light guy for tour music and plays! ballet and burlesque
@PeterSweden7 wow orwell and brave new world huxley what do you know
@Cernovich war and peace by tolstoy grapes of wrath by steibeck, working on ken kesey demon box and man in full by tom wolf is unbeleivably sick r.i.p tom wolfe
@Weinbach i don't know bout you but im feelin 22
@BreezyxSupreme HEY FOLLOW ME what's poppin!
the good fellas! https://t.co/Vy6kzAPzTg
RT @Harveywein: Yes the nypd is looking to bring a criminal indictment against me. I believe Im innocent and will be found that way of any…
RT @Harveywein: One who did these things. I believed they were consensual. For anyone who feels like I have hurt them. I am truly sorry. An…
@jaketapper @Harveywein who gives a fuck its called the business of art no rules
RT @Harveywein: Do not believe everything you read people
@Harveywein @MattLauer matt lauer didn't do anything wrong either!  come on brotha
@Harveywein dont work to hard ole boy i think your just fine from what i know!  it was all consensual they knew what they were doing when they came up to those hotel rooms bunch of thots now ashamed of what they did to get famous now they're projecting on you would be my analysis
@clifffnerd @foofighters IF YOU DO i can meet you there im in raleigh nc tonight trying to get a miracle bus ticket back to venice gutter punk here love your grafiti work i hear good things!
MADE BY M! https://t.co/YkVGvl7sxZ
POWER TO THE PEOPLE! https://t.co/4KsJ8KHAVs
MOTHER MONSTER PAWS UP!  BORN THIS WAY https://t.co/utxgT9Qrio
@marilynmanson @ellenvonunwerth ya m i always said you and jesus are so similar with your rage against hypocrisy you are the best man been listening to you since 95 when i was having to go to some bullshit catholic school
@KeshaRose @AndraDayMusic @Camila_Cabello @BebeRexha @cyndilauper @juliamichaels @ResistanceRev @RecordingAcad love you keshawood!  remember that prank!  hahahaha epic
@THArealVNASTY if you ask me kris humprhies did it wrong cuz ida married kreay and vnasty (not thirsty just fun remix i was kickin today walking through the hills tio the hyphy girls 415 and venice allday
@KREAYSHAWN if you ask me kris humpphries did it wrong cuz ida married kreayshaaawn and vnasty (not thirsty just fun remix to my hyphy mamas)
if you ask me kris humphries did it wrong cuz ida married kreayshaaaawn and vnasty (not thirsty the sistas still getting you'll hyphy on the east coast right now police shpped me out of soth central to here but no charges fuckem coming back to venivce soon and the goldengatepark
@L1LDebbie and if you wanna see me you can look up todd stefansky on face book but my real name is siouxwatonoah sky and i stay at VENICE and also SANTA MONICA YAAAAAAAA ITS GUCCI BUT NOT THE NAME BRAND DA DIRTY SOUTH LOCKED UP TODAY YAWWWN shout out to you at the motorco
@L1LDebbie and i aint no creeper im just punnk rock and dont got no phone because i don't want a gps even though we had a star tek motorolla like noriega i n the 90s on this east coast 4s crew here from my black grandpa in queens but i made it all the way to the golden gate park
@L1LDebbie but babe you are sicilian perfection do it your way gurl stack that cake babe
@ladygaga i love your nose mother monster please never touch it unless its a hundo when time to miami versace glam ulp stay fierce babe where have you gone jo dimaggio
@KeshaRose im ready to boogie locked up though in north cacillaca but i'll be out in couple of weeks.  going back to venice like lalalalalla i didn't want to bump into you at the canals cuz i know you like to hang out in the bathroom to right hits and puke in closets haha merry prankster
@KeshaRose yo you was covered by tootsies family out there mama
RT @_BIGCAT: RT @bing: How you can #SupportJapan - http://binged.it/fEh7iT. For every retweet, @bing will give $1 to Japan quake victims ...
RT @bing: How you can #SupportJapan - http://binged.it/fEh7iT. For every retweet, @bing will give $1 to Japan quake victims, up to $100K.