C’mon!  You gotta celebrate when you can!  I just basked in your glory :-) https://t.co/spsy5cxv4N
Even without the song your glow might give you away!  Big congratulations! https://t.co/NnFcrOHQGK
RT @MSNBC: BREAKING: House Judiciary Cmte. launches investigation into potential Constitutional abuses and public corruption by President T…
Breaking: the list of names of people getting document request from House Judiciary-  it’s interesting incl Don Jr  &amp; Eric Trump/Hope Hicks/ Jared Kushner/ Allen Weisselberg /American Media/David Pecker/Steve Bannon//Michael Cohen/Julian Assange/Priebus, Spicer, Manafort  +more
President Trump spoke at CPAC for a mind boggling - and endurance testing -  2 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds.
Intel Committee Chair Adam Schiff says more documents have been requested and Felix Sater will come before committee next- Trump’s former businesss partner.  Calls Cohen fully cooperative - no questions went unanswered
Michael Cohen has just left the House Intelligence Committee room after about 7 and a half hours behind closed doors . This is one of the committees he lied to
The new head of the EPA is former coal lobbyist Andrew Wheeler - confirmed by Senate 52-47. He’ll continue the Trump Administration roll back of Obama air and water regulations.
Key takeaways from Cohen testimony: 1- says SDNY is investigating Trump for an undisclosed matter  2- hard evidence including checks 3- helped his own credibility by what he didn’t say, notably he didn’t witness collusion 4- AOC teed up subpoenas for Trump tax returns.
VERY short statement from Michael Cohen saying “I am humbled. I am thankful to Chairman Cummings for giving me the opportunity today to tell my truth. And I hope that as Chairman Cummings said, it helps in order to heal America. And I thank you all again.”
Elijah Cummings on the breakdown of decency:  “We’re better than this”. Not many people would disagree.
Michael Cohen - looking exhausted and emotional - says “My loyalty to Trump has cost me everything”.  Hearing is over - he’s expected to talk to the press on his way out
AOC set up a foundation for further investigation - including subpoenas - while showing her constituents she’s got their backs on taxes for a Trump property in her district
Cummings: I told Mr. Cohen,if you came here and lied I would nail him to the cross. No ambiguity there
An hour long break in the Cohen hearing.  AOC still to question.
"Thank god the Democratic party can walk and chew gum at the same time" - Rep Plaskett answers GOP critics who say Congress should be spending its time on issues other than talking to Michael Cohen.
If Congress doesn't work out Rep Chip Roy could become an auctioneer.  That's some fast talking.
Michael Cohen's family is just as uncomplicated as your family:  "My father-in-law's biggest investment happens to be in a Trump property."
Some GOP seem intent on demonizing a potential future book deal Cohen could make.  Because?????  More than a few members of Congress have had book deals and Trump, maybe a dozen.
Cohen says Trump asked him to threaten people for him probably 500 times.
Fascinating https://t.co/xLYRT3UhsZ
What is the truth President Trump fears most?   Cohen says he can't answer that
Lindsey Graham says he spoke to Trump last night, who said he was upset he was going to have “dueling shows” with Cohen's testimony and his meeting with Kim Jung Un
Cohen:  Everybody's job at the Trump organization is to protect Mr Trump.  Lying for him was the norm.  And that's exactly what's happening now in government.
Cohen: When Mr Trump says he could shoot a person on Fifth Avenue and get away from it.  He's not joking.  He's telling the truth. He's sending out a message he can do whatever he wants
Cohen says he's a picture of what not to do:  The more people that follow Mr Trump as I did blindly are going to suffer the same consequences.  I had a wonderful life.  And I've lost it all
Jim Jordan is yelling and conflating getting fired with wrongdoing by the person who's been fired.
Rep Stephen Lynch (loudly) to his GOP colleagues at Cohen hearing:  "Your side ran away from the truth!"
Chief Justice Roberts voting with Court's liberals	https://t.co/KgIpJjMOR6
Asked about his source of income Cohen says "I don't expect I'll have a source of income when I'm in a federal  penitentiary".  No book or TV deal...yet...though offers, he says, have been made.
GOP Rep Mark Green summarizes in a line his party's take on Cohen:  "A scorned man who's going to prison for lying to Congress"
Jim Jordan reading a threatening statement Cohen made (and we know he did -threaten many people, many times).  Cohen says he did it to protect Trump and his children.
Cummings shows check for alleged hush money after Trump was President; relevant since some believe a President can't be impeached for something that happened before he was in office.
Cohen to Chairman Cummings:  "As of yesterday I am no longer a lawyer.  I have lost my law license"
A good bet Cohen won't have to worry about this:  "I have	never asked for, nor would I accept, a pardon from President Trump".
Cohen: For those who question my motives for being here today, I understand. I have lied, but I am not a liar. I have done bad things, but I am not a bad man. I have fixed things, but I am no longer your “fixer,” Mr. Trump.
Cohen: Questions have been raised about whether I know of direct evidence that Mr. Trump or his campaign colluded with Russia. I do not. And I want to be clear. But, I have my suspicions.
Cohen: When I say conman, I’m talking about a man who declares himself brilliant but directed me to threaten his high school, his colleges, and the College Board to never release his grades or SAT scores.
Cohen is going to prison for lying but he has some corroboration including "I’m giving the Committee today three years of President Trump’s financial statements, from 2011-2013, which he gave to Deutsche Bank to inquire about a loan to buy the Buffalo Bills and to Forbes."
KEY: A lot of people have asked me about whether Mr. Trump knew about the release of the hacked Democratic National Committee emails ahead of	time. The answer is yes.   Mr. Trump knew from Roger Stone in advance about the WikiLeaks drop of emails.
Cohen says the campaign was a marketing opportunity "Trump is a man who ran for office to make his brand great, not to	make our country great...to build his wealth and power. Mr. Trump would	often say, this campaign was going to be the “greatest infomercial in	political history.”
Cohen's description could have been said by many of the people around him and who voted for him: Being around Mr. Trump was intoxicating. When you were in his presence, you felt like you were involved in something greater than yourself -- that you were somehow changing the world
Cohen:  Sitting here today, it seems unbelievable that I was so mesmerized by Donald Trump that I was willing to do things for him that I knew were absolutely wrong.
Cohen-Mr. Trump knew of and directed the Trump Moscow negotiations throughout the campaign and lied about it. He lied about it because he never expected to win the election He also lied about it because he stood to make hundreds of millions of $$ on the Moscow real estate project
Michael Cohen’s testimony has begun
Trump doesn’t answer questions about his former lawyer -Michael Cohen.  In a draft of his opening statement to Congress today  Cohen says Trump “is a racist.	He is a conman.  He is a cheat.”
Trump says it’s an honor to be meeting with Kim - leader of the country Human Rights Watch says  is “arguably the worst human rights abusing government in the world today”
Trump now meeting with North Korea’s Kim Jung Un in Vietnam for second summit. https://t.co/EPiEQx6I2j
HE WON’T RUN:  former NC Congressional candidate Mark Harris- his son’s emotional testimony helped guarantee a new election - has decided not to run again
Upset at the Oscars. Olivia Colman wins Best Actress for The Favourite - and no one more surprised than she is!!!
Longest standing ovation isn’t for a movie star but a man of history - Civil rights icon and Rep John Lewis
Rami Malek wins. Not a surprise but a sweet moment. “I may not have been the obvious choice but I guess it worked out...we made a film about a gay man, an immigrant “ who lived his life unapologetically.
“Truth is especiallly precious these days”. @BarbraStreisand on @BlacKkKlansman calling it Spike Lee’s masterpiece. (I agree)
@GustavoDudamel and the @LAPhil gloriously beautiful tribute
Yessss. A standing O for Spike and BlacKkKlansman.  Truly. Great. Film.
⁦@ladygaga⁩ Bradley Cooper. #Wow https://t.co/pKEoQK88mc
I’m glad First Man won for Visual Effects. A really fine, underrated movie and a visual feast @FirstManMovie
I think I forgot there was even supposed to be a host
Wayne’s World Flashback!!!!
A new Scorsese flick?  Yes please.
And the Best Supporting Actor is...	Mahershala Ali who dedicates award to his Grandmother. Who can’t get behind that.
We’ve missed you @BetteMidler  and your one of a kind magic
Yes to Roma!!!! Yesssss!
Alfonso Cuarón is a genius. Just won for cinematography. Roma is brilliant and the world he created is gorgeous
The costume designer for #BlackPanter is awesome. And funny. Plus her dress is incredible.
@irin Anyone who hasn’t seen it, should. It is Oscar worthy.
@ReginaKing wins the first Oscar of the night...and we can hope her speech not only inspires but introduces even more people to James Baldwin.
It took all of 7 minutes for a political joke — about the wall #Oscars https://t.co/U52vgYxKEU
Patriots owner Robert Kraft being charged with soliciting prostitution related to what FL police say is a massage parlor where women - who were told they were coming to US for legit jobs - were in fact held as virtual prisoners/sex workers.
@SpeakerPelosi has just said the House will vote Tuesday on legislation to block President Trump's attempt to go around Congress to fund the border wall
Judge to Roger Stone:  Stop!  He said “I am hurtfully sorry for my own stupidity,” and she answered with a strict ban on making any public statements about his case adding, “In this age of social media there’s really no such thing as a takeback”.
Democrats have a chance to add to their House majority: NC’s state board of elections voted a new election in the disputed 9th Congressional District....GOP Mark Harris damages by his own son’s testimony about a scheme involving absentee ballots
Yes @yasminv https://t.co/oupu7Iu7r8
An incredulous Chicago police superintendent says the “attack” against Jussie Smollett was a phony publicity stunt he “choreographed” to advance his career because he was unhappy with his salary. https://t.co/dYRRtOmCc0
FROM JUSSIE SMOLLETT'S LEGAL TEAM	“Like any other citizen, Mr. Smollett enjoys the presumption of innocence...we intend to conduct a thorough investigation and to mount an aggressive defense."
In Downtown Indianapolis tonight. Talking to some Young Dems gearing up to the fight to win municipal races in Mike Pence’s home state. https://t.co/811dBgwMGp
I did not know this was a thing.   https://t.co/oz71ofnGiE
BREAKING: @SpeakerPelosi sends a letter to her caucus urging them to co-sponsor legislation “to terminate [Trump’s] emergency declaration using the termination mechanism within the National Emergencies Act”
From Chicago PD -Case Update: Jussie Smollett is now officially classified as a suspect in a criminal investigation by #ChicagoPolice for filing a false police report (Class 4 felony). Detectives are currently presenting evidence before a Cook County Grand Jury.
@yashar Your dad is awesome
BREAKING:  CA AG has filed suit against the Trump National Emergency - joined by Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Hawai'i, Illinois, Maine, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, Nevada, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, Oregon, and Virginia.
Trump, who likes to talk about letters, says Japanese prime minister Abe nominated him for a Nobel prize with a most beautiful five page letter”
Asked about the influence of conservative media on his decision Trump says “Sean Hannity has been a terrific terrific supporter of what I do. Rush Limbaugh, he speaks for three hours without a phone call-  he’s unbelievable”
More Trump fact checking: “I built a lot of wall. I have a lot of money”.
As Trump was trying to make a case for a national emergency he says “I didn’t need to do this. But I’d rather do it much faster”. Let’s see how the courts interpret that one.
Trump’s logic on why the wall is a victory:  “I wasn’t supposed to get a dollar. I got 1.4 billion. “ Doesn’t mention that’s less than the Democratic offer before the 35	day shutdown.
Trump says he asked a couple of Generals about money being taken from their budget for the wall and those now unfounded projects “didn’t sound very important to me”
Trump, who is off TelePrompTer, says he’s going to go into the oval office and signed the declaration for a national emergency, then it will go to court, then “we will possibly get a bad ruling”, and then it will end up in the Supreme Court.
Trump says many previous Emergency declarations were for less important reasons. Past Nat Emergencies include 9/11, international sanctions &amp; swine flu.  At the time the flu had killed 1,000 Americans and hospitalized 20,000 w/vaccine shortage. Never for a construction project
Trump says people saying most drugs coming through legal ports of entry is “a big lie, a big con game” and Nancy Pelosi knows it. No, no and no
Pres Trump claims calling a National Emergency is not about politics but national security. “One way or another we have to do it.”  Also claims - falsely - that walls are 100% effective
Pelosi is right that some Republicans are uneasy about a National Emergency declaration, understanding that it could open the floodgates for a Democratic President to declare emergencies they won’t like if they go along with this now.
@SpeakerPelosi says Trump’s plan to declare a National Emergency over the border is an “end run around Congress” and its constitutional oversight and budget powers
BREAKING: Trump plans to declare a National Emergency “ President Trump will sign the government funding bill...he will also take other executive action - including a national emergency” - Sarah Sanders
Your chances of reading the Mueller report are not looking good @KenDilanianNBC https://t.co/oY8XZaX65V
Amazon officially pulls out of building HQ in Long Island City “While polls show that 70% of New Yorkers support our plans and investment, a number of state and local politicians have made it clear that they oppose our presence and will not work with us...”
Summarizing the deal to avert a shutdown @NicolleDWallace is short and to the point “Trump got beat” @MSNBC
@CapehartJ Tragically, kids do live this way. When I first covered school shootings no one could believe it happened to them. More recently, students tell me they aren’t surprised.  Why is that okay????
Trump says construction of “a big wall, a strong wall” is underway and “You’d have to be in extremely good shape to get over this one. They would be able to climb Mt. Everest a lot easier, I think." As has been repeatedly fact-checked - there is no new wall under construction
The head of FEMA, Brock Long, has resigned “to go home to my family”.  He had a rocky tenure - facing criticism over handling of Hurricane Maria response/Puerto Rico, and investigations into whether he misused government resources.
Check out these impressive women!	https://t.co/oGdPhQWA5v
Just when you thought there was a deal, Sen Graham says he thinks that President Trump will still declare a national emergency because the barrier funding is still “insufficient”.
Government shutdown summary:	-Congressional leaders praise compromise  to avoid it while conservative commentators trash it	- Trump not happy.                                    - Won’t say he’ll sign it.                                - National emergency still possible
Head of NY DEA on why finding El Chapo guilty is so important: “The Sinaloa cartel is responsible, in large part, for the opioid crisis, since it was the Sinaloa cartel that first introduced America to Mexican heroin laced with fentanyl.”
Drug lord El Chapo guilty on all counts. Likely to spend the rest of his life in prison
The jury in the El Chapo drug trial has reached a verdict - waiting for it to be read. Witnesses gave 200 hours of testimony alleging a drug cartel run on murder, bribes - and a drug lord who called raping young girls “his vitamins”.
Big news tonight:  Homeland Security conference committee leaders have announced they have reached a deal “in principle” —$$ for border security to prevent another partial government shutdown.  Waiting for details
The hearing room erupted with laughter when the witness told the chairman his 5 minutes was up. Matt Whitaker just got schooled on who’s in charge at the hearing - Jerry Nadler is still talking
It took just minutes for the Q &amp; A to get contentious as Acting AG Matt Whitaker refuses to answer questions about how many briefings he got on the Mueller investigation https://t.co/azAFU8dzbS
“I think it’s terrifying”.  @brhodes on @realDonaldTrump continuing to have off-the-record conversations w Putin - asked by @maddow @MSNBC
Ground stop at LaGuardia has been lifted but air traffic control delays persist at several airports
Will this push Congress to act??!  There’s a ground stop at LaGuardia because of staffing issues with air traffic controllers.
Former Trump advisor Roger Stone has been indicted in the Mueller probe.
Trump says he knows more about technology than anybody. For the technology to work you have to have the wall. For example, cameras are mounted on top of walls.
Trump says he wants a "pro-rated down payment" on the wall in order to sign a bill to reopen government.	 If there’s no wall funding?	 “Well, I wouldn’t be happy with it.”	 That’s a change from “no cave”
Both Senate votes to reopen the government have failed.  The clear message to President Trump:  his proposal couldn’t pass the Republican-led Senate.  Plan B is unclear
@JakeSherman Welcome to NBC/MSNBC!  We’re thrilled to work with you....
Is there any real football fan who would rule against the Saints’ ticket holders who are suing over that horrible pass interference no call, alleging mental anguish, emotional trauma, and “loss of enjoyment of life"   True dat @saints @hodakotb from a lifelong @Browns fan
TSA worker to Trump in @NewYorker ‘How tall are you gonna build the wall?’ Because I work in the airport, and immigrants are getting on planes and coming over here no problem, bringing bread, cheese, cookies, and candy every day. You think these people all go back home?”
No holding back by SoCal Dems ⁦@KatieHill4CA⁩ ⁦@RepHarley⁩ ⁦@GilCisnerosCA⁩ ⁦@katieporteroc⁩ ⁦@MikeLevinCA⁩ talking Trump and shutdown. Coming up shortly on ⁦@craigmelvin⁩ ⁦@MSNBC⁩ https://t.co/IygOF8IFJC
From our @NBCPolitics team:  Impeachment seems much more likely if Thursday’s bombshell report is true  that “Trump directed his longtime attorney Michael Cohen to lie to Congress about negotiations to build a Trump Tower in Moscow”
Asked if the buck stops with him - Trump says “the buck stops with everybody”. The author of the Art of the Deal - unable to make one saying he is willing to declare a national emergency.
NBC exclusive:  only SIX immigrants on terrorism database stopped by border control in first half of 2018 - not even close to the thousands Trump claims
Donald Trump’s first primetime address from the Oval … Showing how high the stakes are of a prolonged shut down but leaving the question of what he can say to convince the majority of Americans against his wall that this fight is worth it
A standing ovation for @SpeakerPelosi as she takes the gavel after being elected Speaker of the House.
I will regularly remind my family of your tweet (and followers’ comments) for AT LEAST the next year.  Many thanks. For the record though, I am a mere 61. https://t.co/ezl3i49z4U
Elaine May is a wonder in ⁦@WaverlyGallery⁩ - she’s what I want to be when I grow up. Great night of theater ⁦⁦⁦ https://t.co/nK2e7AV5xv
McConnell now on the floor with just over six hours to gov’t shutdown - no deal yet
So - the defense secretary resigns in protest of Syria decision.  Putin praises it. The Dow is down another 2%. And the budget fight to avoid a government shutdown devolves into chaos.  One day in the Trump White House. Stop for a moment and consider that.
James Mattis resigns as Defense Secretary with a clear statement of disagreement with President Trump’s policies https://t.co/gZqjeqBfJi
Yes - fantastic read on one of the greatest people I’ve had the privilege to know https://t.co/LjVxSb3l3U
@realDonaldTrump @N@k@j@@@h bhohhbbbhhhb@@@@
A federal judge just ordered the White House to immediately reinstate CNN correspondent Jim Acosta's security pass - his lawyer calls it a victory for the First Amendment.
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg fell in her office at the Supreme Court last evening. Tests showed that she fractured three ribs on her left side and she was admitted to the hospital for observation and treatment. Ginsburg is 85
Mixed results by party but reasons for everyone to celebrate:  record turnout in many states.  Congress will be more diverse.  In places where incumbents long ran unopposed - voters had a choice.  And tens of thousands of volunteers who had never been politically active - were
RT @frankthorp: Just now on @nbcnews: Sen @LindseyGrahamSC: "I think Jeff (Sessions) will step aside after the midterm..."
It’s official. NBC says Democrats will control the House.
Big results:  Dems look poised to take the House and Republicans hold the Senate including a projected win by Ted Cruz over Beto O’Rourke.
NBC now projects Democrats have a 90% chance of taking the House
Close enough for you? https://t.co/9FvEuqLYXQ
This was Democrat Phil Bredesen earlier today - ⁦@NBCNews⁩ projects Marsha Blackburn has beat him to become the first woman Senator from TN https://t.co/6grEycUIup
If trends hold there’s a 65% chance that Democrats take the House:  @MSNBC
Sen Claire McCaskill on @MSNBC   I have no flippin’ idea how it’s going to go tonight
First flip of night and Dems take a GOP House seat in VA: Barbara Comstock projected to lose to Dem Jennifer Wexton
The WH not shying away from this election being a referendum on POTUS: “Trump has headlined an unprecedented 50 rallies—30 in the last two months alone—and he has campaigned for dozens of candidates at all levels of government,” adding he’s energized voters. We’ll know soon.
Top issue for voters today?  Dems - health care. GOP - immigration. Independents - health care by almost 20 points. As @chucktodd put it:  Independents looking more like Democrats tonight.
Voters in Antioch, TN - south of Nashville - have been consistently waiting in line one or often 2 hours. One man told me he’d wait 6 hours if he had to. https://t.co/xTHfMJOC3I
@mckaycoppins There were lots of kids with moms and dads at the 4 polling places I’ve visited in TN. They all pretty much looked like they wished they were boating
First exit polls just reported on MSNBC: Trump approval underwater 44% to 54% disapprove. Lower than Clinton and Obama at Midterms where Dems lost big in the House
Upset about what you’ve witnessed in DC for the last 24 hours?  This book has never been more relevant. It comes out on Tuesday but order it today. I say this not because ⁦@SteveKornacki⁩ is a friend and colleague but because it’s REALLY good. Couldn’t put it down https://t.co/eDMKjpraQv
RT @KellyO: Lawyer for Christine Blasey Ford &gt;&gt;&gt; Dr. Ford welcomes this step... https://t.co/1gGDXkILzK
Kavanaugh puts out statement after @POTUS ok’s FBI investigation:  “I’ve  done everything they have requested and will  continue to cooperate.”
Breaking:  Statement from President @realDonaldTrump:	“I’ve ordered the FBI to conduct a supplemental investigation to update Judge Kavanaugh’s file. As the Senate has requested, this update must be limited in scope and completed in less than one week.”
@NBCNews from Mark Judge's lawyer:  Yes, if asked to speak to the FBI, he would.  In my experience, an FBI interview is always confidential. – Barbara Van Gelder
AP reports:  Brett Kavanaugh friend Mark Judge - who Dr Ford says was in the room and the only other eyewitness - says he'll cooperate with any law enforcement agency that investigates `confidentially'
NEW:  @kasie reporting @JoeManchinWV is the latest undecided Senator to call for a one week FBI investigation to get to the bottom of the Kavanaugh allegations
Sen @lisamurkowski says she agrees with Flake on an FBI investigation that "is limited in scope" -- she (along with Collins) has NOT said how she'll vote
@JeffFlake says there was a discussion with @ChrisCoons about "how to lend more legitimacy to this process" and the result was a call for a limited FBI probe.
It looks as though @JeffFlake will be able to force a week's delay for an FBI investigation into charges against Judge Kavanaugh - @ChrisCoons gets choked up talking about it - says they share deep concern about the health of the nation.
WOW:  "Somebody's got to explain this to Trump.  I guess that's my job" @LindseyGrahamSC responding to moves to delay Kavanaugh's final vote for a week-long FBI investigation
Jeff Flake a yes on Kavanaugh: “What I do know is that our system of justice affords a presumption of innocence to the accused, absent corroborating evidence. That is what binds us to the rule of law....	I will vote to confirm Judge Kavanaugh.”
Feinstein is being simultaneously being accused of holding back information (that she pledged to  Ford to keep confidential) and accused of her Office leaking it. And the real question is - why aren’t they trying to get to the heart of the allegation?
“My life is totally and permanently altered. “ Kavanaugh to Cornyn - GOP abandon the prosecutor and now - Graham &amp; Cornyn are passionately defending Kavanaugh.
Sen Graham is yelling at Dems:  “This is not a job interview - this is hell!   What you want to do is destroy this guy’s life.  Hold this seat open and hope you win in 20/20”
Kavanaugh won’t directly answer if he’s the drunken Bart O’Kavanaugh in Mark Judge’s book. Judge wrote: This book is based on actual experiences. In some cases, the names and details have been changed to protect the privacy of the people involved.
Kavanaugh says  he didn’t pass out or black out from drinking too much but he might have “gone to sleep”
Asked if he’d be okay with FBI investigation: “Senator I’ll do whatever the Committee wants. “
True that https://t.co/tkFwJA2Uzb
Kavanaugh says the term “Renate alum” in his yearbook was not sexual- intended to show affection. But she has said “... the insinuation is horrible, hurtful and simply untrue. I pray their daughters are never treated this way."”
I liked beer. I still like beer. But I never drank beer to the point of blacking  out.  If every American who drank beer in high school  is suddenly presumed guilty of sexual assault it’ll be an ugly new place in this country. I never committed sexual assault.
“I categorically &amp; unequivocally deny the allegation against me by Dr Ford.”  Says his calendar shows “all but definitively I was not there”
Kavanaugh - visibly shaken - quotes his 10 Year old daughter saying “We should pray for the woman”
Kavanaugh is emotional talking about his parents, calling his mom a trailblazer who inspired him to be a lawyer and a judge.
“This is a circus” a “grotesque character assassination”.  If Kavanaugh is answering Admin officials who say Trump wanted him to be more forceful - he’s doing that. Not sure it will play  well with Senators’ constituents.
In a statement Brett Kavanaugh says no one else has seen - he is combative, indignant and anger at “false, last-minute smears” that “have destroyed my family”
Lindsey Graham says he feels" ambushed" by Dems and there's no corroborating evidence -- but Mark Judge has not been called.
Sen Graham  "The facts I'm left with:    A nice lady..  Based on what I heard today you could not get a search warrant...you don't have corroboration."
Sen Cornyn:    "I found no reason to find her not credible.  There are obviously gaps in her story....I thought she did just fine"
It's puzzling that Mitchell wraps up her questioning of Ford by suggesting the whole procedure being conducted in "five minute increments" is not the way to get to the heart of the matter -- and also seeming to imply it was Ford's fault?
"So let's just be nice to her" - Chuck Grassley
Is the long line of questioning about the last few weeks of Dr Ford's life rather than her accusations against Brett Kavanaugh to be construed as the GOP counsel not believing she can in any way impugn her testimony?
Sen Hatch on Ford as a witness:  “It’s too early to make those kinds of determinations, but she’s a good witness. Articulate. She’s an attractive person. But I think it’s a little early to make those kinds of determinations.”
Dr Ford very emotional describing being just 15 - and how someone that young has not fully developed the" coping skills" to help deal with trauma.
While Christine Blasey Ford testifies, @POTUS has returned to the WH from NY and ignores shouted questions
The questioning about whether Dr Ford's anxiety and PTSD could have been caused by something else isn't getting Rachel Mitchell anywhere.  Ford is too smart and specific and her response just made her look more credible.
It's hard to see how having a professional prosecutor is helping the Kavanaugh cause - unless it's leading up to something that's pretty opaque right now
@KamalaHarris former prosecutor - ignored as she asks to see exhibits that Dr Ford is being questioned about
Brian Williams on @MSNBC "If you're telling the truth the FBI is your friend"
@dickdurbin With what degree of certainty do you believe Brett Kavanaugh assaulted you?	Dr Ford:   100%
"Mark Judge should be subpoenaed from his Bethany Beach hideaway" -  @SenatorDurbin
Indelible, says Dr Ford:  " Is the laughter, the uproarious laughter between the two.  And they're having fun at my expense...and I was underneath one of them...."
Ford this is "absolutely not" a case of mistaken identity
"I was wondering whether I would be personally annihilated" - Ford on weighing her feelings of civic responsibility against personal cost
Feinstein asks Dr Ford to describe effects of attack:  Anxiety phobia and PTSD- like symptoms.  Claustrophobia, panic.  Academic difficulty.
Rachel Mitchell:  The first thing that struck me from your testimony was "I am terrified"  I am very sorry.  That's not right
Dr Ford: I have been accused of acting out of partisan political motives. Those who say that do not know me. I am a fiercely independent person and I am no one's pawn. My motivation in coming forward	was to provide the facts about how Mr. Kavanaugh's actions have damaged my life
Ford describes "terrible choice"-Do I share the facts with the Senate and put myself and my family in the public spotlight? Or do I preserve our privacy and allow the Senate to make its decision on Mr. Kavanaugh's nomination without knowing the full truth about his past behavior
The 1 in 3 women who have experienced sexual violence will understand this all too well: "After that May 2012 therapy session, I did my best to suppress memories of the assault because recounting the details caused me to relive the experience, and caused panic attacks and anxiety
Reading her opening statement, as many have, was difficult enough.  Hearing Dr Ford's story in her own words is something altogether different: "Both Brett and Mark were drunkenly laughing during the attack. They both seemed to be having a good time."
.”I don't have all the answers, and I don't remember as much as I would like to. But the details about that night that bring me here today are ones I will never forget. They have been seared into my memory and have haunted me episodically as an adult.” https://t.co/CfoFptqxXC
An emotional Christine Blasey Ford  "I am here not because I want to be.  I am terrified"...but believe it is my civic duty
Now, nearly half an hour in, Dr Ford stands and is sworn in
Sen Feinstein establishing Dr Ford's resume including two Master's degrees from Stanford and Pepperdine, PhD from USC - and thanks her for her bravery
Sen Grassley -- you can't both promise the witness a fair hearing and then attack pretty much everything surrounding it...escalating the divisive partisanship by going after Dems on the committee as Dr Ford waits
Grassley claims he has no authority to ask for an FBI an investigation into an issue "they consider to be closed"
Friends are in DC supporting Dr Ford; we're told her husband remains in CA with their children.  They moved out of their home after threats
NBC BREAKING:  Senate Judiciary Committee is inquiring about at least one additional allegation of misconduct against Brett Kavanaugh - complaint made to GOP Senator that Kavanaugh physically assaulted a woman in the D.C. area in 1998 while he was intoxicated
Trump now says he may delay his meeting that was scheduled for tomorrow with Rod Rosenstein because he doesn’t want to distract from the supreme court hearing. Asked if he’s going to fire Rosenstein he says he prefer not to do that
Trump admits accusations against him have influenced his view of Kavanaugh accusers. He says he’s a very famous person and has been a very famous person for a long time and has had a lot of false accusations made against him
Asked whether his personal experiences influence his judgment on Kavanaugh Trump says he was accused by four or five women - (it was far more than that) - who were paid a lot of money to make up stories about him
Though he went after Deborah Ramirez’ credibility - under questioning from @HallieJackson Trump says he wants to hear from Kavanaugh accusers before making up his mind - seems to be under the impression all three are testifying tomorrow, not just Ford
When asked, as a man with daughters, can he understand how a woman who is a victim of sexual assault might not come forward, President Trump not only doesn’t acknowledge that but again repeats how the Kavanaugh charges are a Democratic con job.
At his press conference, President Trump refuses to answer whether he believes all three women who have accused judge Kavanaugh are liars
Judge to Bill Cosby:  "Nobody is above the law because of where they live, who they are , wealth, fame celebrity or even philanthropy. After you are convicted you are a felon. You will be required to take a sex offenders program in the state facility" (prison)
BREAKING:  Bill Cosby sentenced to 3 to 10 years in a state prison
Want a perfect example of DC Divided?  2 GOP Senators: @lisamurkowski to NYTimes Kavanaugh fight "is about whether or not a woman who has been a victim at some point in her life is to be believed”  @LindseyGrahamSC calls her out "if the allegation is enough, God help us all."
Trump on Kavanaugh TV interview last night:  "He was so truthful and I hope it came out"
Hard to imagine a more dramatic day than Thursday:  McConnell and Trump doubling down on support for Kavanaugh today ahead of his testimony; Trump meets with Rosenstein Thursday, too.
NBC's @frankthorp reports that Sen Grassley plans to respond directly to Christine Blasey Ford's letter describing her decision to come forward w Kavanaugh allegations- why she decided to do it - and how it has dramatically changed her life:  "I am frightened"
Christine Blasey Ford to Grassley on her life changing decision to tell her story &amp; threats:  While I am frightened, please know, my fear will not hold me back from testifying and you will be provided with answers to all of your questions. I ask for fair and respectful treatment.
More  Christine Blasey Ford's letter:  I am spending considerable time managing death threats, avoiding people following me on freeways, and disconcerting media intrusion...my family has physically relocated and have divided up separately on many nights.
Christine Blasey Ford's letter to Grassley:  Mr. Kavanaugh’s actions, while many years ago, were serious and have had a lasting impact on my life. I thought that knowledge of his actions could be useful for you...My original intent was first and foremost to be a helpful citizen
Mitch McConnell going after Dems on Kavanaugh from Senate floor:  This smear campaign has hit a new low.  Senate democrats and their allies are trying to destroy a man's personal and professional life on decades-old unsubstantiated allegations.
Trump asked -Are you going to fire Rosenstein? Doesn't say NO but says	" I’m meeting with Rosenstein on Thursday and we'll be determining what's going on" - want to have transparency, openness, I look forward to meeting with him.
From new Kavanaugh letter to Sen Grassley:  "...a federal judge must be independent, not swayed by public or political pressure. That is the kind of judge I will always be. I will not be intimidated into withdrawing from this process."
@PressSec says Rosenstein and @POTUS had an extended convo about recent news stories &amp; will meet on Thursday when the President returns to D.C.  So the Dep AG has not been fired or resigned
As we wait to see what's going on with Rod Rosenstein at the White House, this is important https://t.co/MuwwOiSG0c
US Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein is on his way to WH per @PeteWilliamsNBC - after Trump said firing him "is being looked at". 	Remember - this is the person overseeing the Russia investigation
This is exactly the key question every Senator should answer. If her story is true, is it disqualifying? https://t.co/bylmRZ6yqh
@POTUS calls Kavanaugh "one of the finest people I've ever known" - asked if he should withdraw given the sexual assault allegations Trump says "next question, what a ridiculous question" - and says he hasn't talked to Kavanaugh.
BREAKING:  Kavanaugh accuser goes public:	https://t.co/sYfgVrw0rp
WH on Manafort cooperation deal:  "This had absolutely nothing to do with the President or his victorious 2016 Presidential campaign. It is totally unrelated.”	Sarah Sanders
"I think this is a bombshell"  Daniel Goldman,  MSNBC Legal Analyst and former Assistant US Attorney - on Manafort making a deal with Mueller
There is a deal.  From @KenDilanianNBC - Prosecutor Andrew Weissman called Manafort’s deal a cooperation agreement with Robert Mueller.  Manafort had repeatedly indicated he would not cooperate with the special counsel.
BREAKING:  Paul Manafort has not only agreed to plead guilty but he HAS entered into an agreement with Robert Mueller. And remember - Manafort’s the man with the close relationships in Russia and Ukraine.
From @NBCInvestigates :  Upon entering his guilty plea, Paul Manafort will forfeit his home in the Hamptons, properties in in New York City - Manhattan and Brooklyn, and in Alexandria, VA.   He’ll also forfeit all funds contained in 4 banking accounts and a life insurance policy
NBC: Fed Prosecutors expected to announce deal with Paul Manafort to plead guilty in the Mueller probe.  NOT clear if Manafort will be a witness but likely no second trial for Manafort  in Washington- and so no headlines GOP would rather not have in the run up to the midterms.
Stats on Bob Woodward’s “FEAR”:	 750,000+ copies sold in by the time the book officially went on sale... largest for any title in publisher’s history. A 9th printing has been ordered -bringing the number of hardcover copies to more than 1.15 milion.
OVERWHELMED BY THE NEWS?  Here’s a little perspective. This news is from Bolivar in my home state of Ohio. Don’t miss the all-important salami reference. https://t.co/Mu6QnmPpRv
Huge development - CBS now confirms its long-time CEO Les Moonves is out.  Earlier today the New Yorker published more allegations of sexual misconduct; he’s denied anything non-consensual. Even in #metoo  era this is a stunning development and a warning.
How are we still here?  And what is the governing body going to do about such an egregious display of sexism that it robbed both player and fans of the match and the moment they deserved? https://t.co/Yu2IS9HW9K
The economy added 201,000 jobs in August, the Labor Department reported today, up from 147,000 in July.  The exceeds the prediction of 195,000 jobs. Hourly earnings up, too
Trump on NY Times anonymous op-ed:  Is it subversion? Is it treason?  Even liberals who hate me say that’s terrible what they did. I asked a young bright staffer, “why are they filled with this much hatred”? https://t.co/NXzTpJ77o6
General Kelly in Montana where @POTUS will soon give an interview then rally Billings crowd https://t.co/hjS2gKZiIx
@PressSec The individual behind this piece has chosen to deceive, rather than support, the duly elected President....  He is not putting country first, but putting himself and his ego ahead of the will of the American people.  This coward should do the right thing and resign."
WH:  Nearly 62 million people voted for President Donald J. Trump in 2016....None of them voted for a gutless, anonymous source to the failing New York Times.  We are disappointed, but not surprised, that the paper chose to publish this pathetic, reckless, and selfish op-ed.
@POTUS reacting to anonymous NY Times editorial where senior official calls Trump “amoral”:  “Anonymous - meaning gutless - editorial..."
Trump says when he leaves office media will go out of business because there will be nothing to write. Fact:  @nytimes has been in business since 1851. NBC first regular newscast was 1940.
This is incredible. The anonymous op-ed in the The NY Times by senior administration offical assuring the American people there are adults in the room. And WH Comms team seems to have learned about it from @NBCNews.                                 https://t.co/niKRiBYzlI
Sarah Sanders on Woodward book: 	“widely pushed back on by some of the most respected people”. People who have previously been on the receiving end of his reporting say he’s accurate. Those who’ve worked with him say he’s meticulous. Oh- and he’s got hundreds of hours of tape
The Big Upset:  how one Congressional race became a cautionary tale for incumbents - the campaign’s closing days https://t.co/QUQfBNKyOC.
Buckle up. If you thought yesterday was fiery (chaotic, inscrutable, loud, pick your adjective) wait until Dems question Brett Cavanaugh today.  https://t.co/ImzXa1Cu0o
After a bit of a raucous start - protests by Democrats over late documents and protests from the audience - Judge Kavanaugh's hearing is about to get underway.  Still standing is motion to adjourn from @SenBlumenthal
George W Bush eulogizes John McCain:  Wherever John passed throughout the world, people immediately knew there was a leader in their midst. In one epic life was written the courage and greatness of our country.
@MeghanMcCain w an extraordinary eulogy:	THE AMERICA OF JOHN MCAIN IS GENEROUS AND WELCOMING AND BOLD...AMERICA DOES NOT BOAST BECAUSE SHE HAS NO NEED TO. THE AMERICA OF JOHN MCCAIN HAS NO NEED TO BE MADE GREAT AGAIN BECAUSE AMERICA WAS ALWAYS GREAT.
Meghan McCain eulogizing her dad - and America greatness. “The real thing, not cheap rhetoric from men who will never come near the sacrifice he gave so willingly. Nor the opportunistic appropriation of those who live lives of comfort and privilege while he suffered and served.”
If you want to help the country, be more like John McCain.  I believe there is a little John McCain in all of us.  - Graham
Graham:  John taught me that boldness and practicality must be practiced in equal measure.  He told me you may think you're right, and over time if you are, it will be proven. But give your colleagues the time and understanding to catch up with you.
Graham on McCain:    I do not cry for a perfect man  I cry for a man who had honor and was always willing to admit to his imperfection.
In an emotional tribute to John McCain Graham says:  He taught me that principle and compromise are not mutually exclusive.  That immigration, as hard as it is to solve, somebody's got to do it.
Graham on what McCain taught him:  I learned that serving a cause greater than yourself hurts.  He couldn't put his jacket on.  He couldn't comb his hair. Because he got hurt serving a cause greater than himself.
Lindsey Graham on the Senate floor, talking about his dear friend John McCain:  I was lucky enough to walk in his shadow.  To be in the presence of a giant at a time when things were so small.
Following widespread criticism Trump orders lowering of flags to half staff , saying he respects “Senator John McCain's service to our country” though he said more than once he prefers people who don’t get captured and ignored an opportunity to talk about McCain when asked today https://t.co/kq4Oxyhz2A
He was a Vietnam war hero, a 6 term senator &amp; nominee for president.  A man of principle and honor who fought brain cancer and even through that, continued to be a voice for what he believed.  Prayers for John McCain’s family: wife of 38 years Cindy, 7 children 5 grandkids
From the Senator’s office:  Senator John Sidney McCain III died at 4:28pm on August 25, 2018. With the Senator when he passed were his wife Cindy and their family. At his death, he had served the United States of America faithfully for sixty years.”
Thoughts and prayers are with a true American hero, John McCain, and his family - as the decision is made to stop treatment for brain cancer
Sarah Sanders:  Just because Michael Cohen made a plea deal, doesn't mean the president did anything
Does that remind you Andrea, of one of our colleagues at the Supreme Court in Bush v Gore??  GO CASSIE! https://t.co/6zj9rRtXV9
Lanny Davis, Cohen attn’y: Today he  testified under oath that Trump directed him to commit a crime by making payments to 2 women w/principal purpose of influencing an election.  If those payments were a crime for Michael Cohen then why wouldn't they be a crime for Donald Trump?”
The plea agreement for Michael Cohen calls for him to serve a sentence of 46-63 months in jail.  Potentially more than five years - for someone with years of close proximity to the President.
MICHAEL COHEN PLEADS GUILTY AND IMPLICATES THE PRESIDENT @NBCNews At Trump’s direction paying one woman $150,000, "for the principal purpose of influencing the election” another woman 130,000 “in coordination with and at the direction of the same candidate” in October of 2016.
Trump calls Manafort conviction sad - feels terrible for him - and says “it’s not the original mission... it had nothing to do with Russian collusion, the witch hunt continues”
Yeah, just another slow news day in August https://t.co/2ZFihs5Efc
@NBCNews:  MICHAEL COHEN PLEADS GUILTY AND IMPLICATES THE PRESIDENT. Cohen said a payment made was to a woman for $150,000, "for the principal purpose of influencing the election."  There was another $130,000 payment in coordination with and at the direction of the same candidate
Manafort’s attorney: “He is evaluating all his options at this point”.
Facing 8 counts - Michael Cohen made a deal.  WILL MANAFORT?  IF given the chance and facing years in prison, what would Paul Manafort (used to luxury homes, cars, suits) do?
Watch this for insight about Supreme Court  nomination https://t.co/lYKhhYa53D
Trump crowd’s favorite chant is “Lock Her Up” - while Michael Flynn George Papadopoulos Rick Gates Michael Cohen and Paul Manafort are all admitted or convicted criminals - @mmurraypolitics    Trump’s promise: “the best people”
And now Michael Cohen has admitted he’s guilty on eight counts.
As POTUS heads to West VA his former campaign chairman is facing years in prison and his long time personal lawyer and fixer has reached a plea deal.  We can only imagine the conversations aboard AF One right now
Manafort GUILTY on eight felony counts - jury couldn’t reach a verdict on 10
PAUL MANAFORT GUILTY OF 5 COUNTS OF TAX FRAUD. MORE TO COME
The judge is going to poll Manafort jury on remaining 10 counts to see if they think they can come to a verdict.
From @KenDilanianNBC  at courthouse - Manafort jury has reached a verdict on 8 of the 18 counts.
Michael Cohen 2017:  I'd take a bullet for Donald Trump	July, 2018:  My family and country come first	Now:  Hey prosecutors, let's make a deal
WOW.  @NBCInvestigates Trump former fixer Michael Cohen will plead guilty to charges stemming form a federal investigation in NY - 4pm eastern.  Exactly WHAT he will plead to AND IF he is cooperating to come….
From @NBCNews crack Cap Hill team: Judge Kavanaugh told Sen Collins that he believes Roe v. Wade is settled law.  Since abortion is a HUGE issue for Collins,  hearing this from Kavanaugh may help sway her support.
From @KenDilanianNBC at the Manafort trial - jury sends note asking what if they can't agree on a count?  Not clear if that's a single count - or all 18.
Trump's former fixer may be ready to make a deal and ultimately -  flip on his old boss.   NY prosecutors have been in talks with Michael Cohen.  No deal finalized - but could be as early as today
#1. Yes, it’s a great deal                           	#2. Yes, Karen’s overlords, it’s annoying. https://t.co/CBvbUkQHfO
@Pontifex must put action behind his words.  ALL the documents should be turned over to legal authorities and prosecutions pursued with all the professionalism and determination we saw from the PA AG.  To you Thomas -and all the survivors - love and admiration for your bravery https://t.co/dIw9w8i8SF
President Trump:  the “fake news media” are the “opposition party.”           Kelly Anne Conway:  a free press is 	“a bedrock of our democratic society -it is a bedrock”
President Trump plans to attend a military parade in Paris on November 11. Remember that the now-delayed/U.S. military  parade requested by the president was to take place on November 11 but would have cost $92 million
Obamas:  Aretha helped define the American experience.  In her voice, we could feel our history, all of it and in every shade—our power and our pain, our darkness and our light, our quest for redemption and our hard-won respect. ....
The answer to that last question is YES.  Omarosa is releasing a new, secretly recorded tape at 1 Eastern w @craigmelvin on @MSNBC. Will the Apprentice outplay the mentor?  We find out soon. https://t.co/etaSY1flKo
Overheard about the passing of Aretha Franklin:  “It’s hard to be sad when all she makes you wanna do is dance. “. And so we CELEBRATE -  a true icon
John Brennan on @DeadlineWH on Trump revoking his security clearance:  And I’ve seen this type of behavior and actions on the part of foreign tyrants and despites and autocrats for many, many years...I never, ever thought that I would see it here in the United States.
And this is where it gets interesting.  Jurors in the Paul Manafort trial - after 2 hours of instructions from the judge - will start deliberating tmr morning.   Judge Ellis told the jury to acquit Manafort "if the evidence leaves you with a reasonable doubt”
WH won’t explain why the first version of POTUS statement on Brennan’s clearance revocation was dated July 26. Were they waiting until they needed a diversion to drop it?  Why wait if (as the statement says) he poses some kind of risk??  Or are there just no calendars handy?
The WH stole the news cycle from Omarosa with the Brennan announcement - but for how long?  Will she release another tape and take it back?
Fmr Acting CIA Dir John McLaughlin on Trump pulling Brennan security clearance: To pull clearances from someone is something that you see happen when leaders of countries that are trying to move them in that direction try to silence their enemies, along with other things they do
In Trump’s statement on revoking ⁦@JohnBrennan⁩ security clearance says the former CIA Director presents “risks” from “erratic conduct and behavior” https://t.co/1RjYIcnVW0
The list of people who could have their security clearances revoked by Trump:  James Clapper, James Comey, Michael Hayden, Sally Yates, Susan Rice, Andrew McCabe, Peter Strzok, Lisa Page, and Bruce Ohr. Notably took attention away from Omarosa at the WH Press briefing
There's a reason former heads of Intel keep security clearances - they may have insights useful to current national security.  Trump revoked clearance of @JohnBrennan less than a day after he called Trump "dangerous to our nation" on @TheLastWord @Lawrence
Bucking long-standing tradition -- Trump has revoked the security clearance of fmr CIA director @JohnBrennan --part of a list of people to review who are all Trump critics
Paul Manfort's defense team has rested without calling a single witness.
Whoa. Absolutely stunned by the tour de force moviemaking of @BlacKkKlansman Timely. Funny. Devastating.  Spike Lee and Ron Stallworth - brilliant.
Now THIS is a night out https://t.co/beIzIWswvs
It took less than 3 minutes after turning on the TV in my MIssouri hotel  room before a Senate ad came on
Big congrats!!  Well-deserved! https://t.co/Kl84uqgQnD
First Lady stands by LeBron after after her husband questioned James’ intelligence. From Melania’s spokesperson:  “It looks like LeBron James is working to do good things on behalf of our next generation...and she would be open to visiting the I Promise School in Akron. “
The government’s new plan seems to be “get the ACLU to do it” https://t.co/przt3ddfNg
Mississippi @clarionledger  with this  despicable fact: just 35 days after a bullet-riddled Emmett Till sign was replaced, it has been shot again.	If the Emmett Till Memorial Commission were to replace the sign again, it would mark the fourth time it has been replaced.
Tonight the President says of the press “they only make up stories”, just hours after his press secretary refused to say the press is not the enemy of the people. My colleagues in the WH press corps refuse to be intimidated - ask the tough questions- and protect the 1st Amendment
Trump rallies have a predictable arc: re-living election night (repeatedly and in detail) assailing Democrats (calls Maxine Waters “very low IQ...chants of “Lock her up”)..attacks on the press and self praise (“What I did with North Korea is great”)
Only 8 minutes into his speech in Wilkes Barre Trump assails “fake news”  and get the crowd pointing and chanting against the press corps.
Sarah Sanders, given several opportunities, refuses to say that the press is not the enemy of the people
Riddle me this: here's how the WH is trying to justify freezing Obama-era toughening of fuel standards - not that it's better for business. The AP says administration argues "people would drive more and be exposed to increased risk if their cars get better gas mileage"
Is it any wonder Donald Trump tries to discredit a free press?  They expose lies:  WashPo's Fack checker finds Trump averaged 4.9 false and misleading claims a day in first 100 days - now it's more than tripled to 16 PER DAY on average	https://t.co/Cw45RITUTH
⁦@mitchellreports⁩ with just a small group of her fans!  Thank you Andrea for 40 amazing years as a trailblazing journalist and most generous colleague! #NBCNews #MSNBC You’re simply the best!! https://t.co/QamendY7U2
Trump at Tampa rally supporting voter ID laws: “ You know, if you go out and you want to buy groceries, you need a picture on a card. You need ID… The time has come for voter ID, like everything else. Voter ID. It’s crazy, it’s crazy. But we’re turning it around”
This is a once-in-a-lifetime viewing - not seen in US. As the moon rises the eclipse is already in its total phase and the moon looks deep-red as it climbs into the sky. Blood moon plus Mars is lower right https://t.co/EU0c2wLgmN
10pm local. Cortona, Tuscany, Italy. #BloodMoon2018 https://t.co/ldxNgLh3uC
While most Americans were sleeping, President Trump overnight threatened Iran in an all caps tweet with "CONSEQUENCES THE LIKES OF WHICH FEW THROUGHOUT HISTORY HAVE EVER SUFFERED."  When he threatened No Korea w fire and fury he then met with Kim and suspended military exercises
RT @mitchellreports: It’s not to late to wish a Happy 95th Birthday to a true American hero the indomitable @SenatorDole who has dedicated…
In morning tweets, Trump suggests release of Carter Page documents shows DOJ &amp; FBI misled the court.  Not only is there no proof, those docs DO say this:  The F.B.I. believes Page has been the subject of targeted recruitment by the Russian government.
The New York Times says former Trump lawyer Michael Cohen has tapes - talking to the President about a payment to a former Playboy model 		https://t.co/VAzQpQZzbD
Putin may be coming to DC. Sarah Sanders says Trump told John Bolton  to invite him and discussions are underway.
@PressSec says discussions are underway for Russia's Putin to come to DC - at @POTUS direction to John Bolton
Andrea asks Dan Coats if he's having fun. "This is not a fun job..it's a meaningful job..I'm flooded with classified documents every day..meeting about what went wrong"  Just part of @mitchellreports amazing interview
DNI Coats says there's always a risk Putin recorded Trump meeting. 	@mitchellreports- Is there a risk that the soccer ball could have been wired? 	COATS:  We have an ability to measure those kinds of things and determine whether or not they are a risk or not.
What worries Nt'l Intel Chief? A cyber 9/11: "Well, let's say you shut down Wall Street for a week? What does that do to world markets and people's investments? Let's say you crash Bank of America, or Wells Fargo...people are saying, "wait a minute, what happened to my account?"
DNI  Coats tells @mitchellreports he doesn't know what happened in  POTUS-Putin meeting. "If he had asked me how that ought to be conducted, I would have suggested a different way, but that's not my role. "
@PressSec says discussions are underway for Vladimir Putin to come to DC in the fall
Former Amb Victoria Nuland says that WH  considering letting Russia question  U.S. officials it suspects of interfering in Russian affairs shows Trump "fell into a classic trap" by former KGB agent and is "absolutely absurd" @mitchellreports
Sean Spicer on his book tour finally admitting the number of people at Trump inauguration didn't compare to Obama's BUT suggests huge audience because the number or people that witnessed it on social media was big.  Uh huh
As Trump tweets about a second meeting with Putin, the American people, Congress (see: Congressional Oversight) and apparently, his own national security team still don't know what happened in the first one.
Remember that on June 26th, HHS Sec'y Alex Azar said he could find any child separated from their migrant parents “within seconds.” https://t.co/VyjmMKd3dX
To recap the last 16 hours or so: President Trump says no, Sarah Sanders says he actually means yes, her predecessor Sean Spicer says the president is a truthful  person and Trump tweets repeatedly about fake news
When challenged by @SavannahGuthrie about the known lies he defended while WH press secretary - Sean Spicer laughs, only says he wishes he could have some do-overs, and thinks the President IS a truthful person
President Trump has just (again) contradicted findings of the US Intelligence Community.  Asked : Is Russia still targeting the US, Mr. President?  He mouths NO and shakes head.  DNI Coats says "the warning lights are blinking red again"
The feds say alleged Russian agent Maria Butina was packed and ready to leave town when they arrested her - she'd offered someone sex in exchange for a position in a special interest organization --and they compare her to  Russian spy Anna Chapman - @NBCInvestigates
Trump is spending the morning walking back his walk back --  re-writing history on NATO summit - even claiming opponents would rather go to war than accept that he "got along well" with Putin, calling that "Trump Derangement Syndrome"
BREAKING on Mueller investigation:   Special Counsel's Office has notified the court they'll seek immunity for up to 5 people to testify in the upcoming trial against fmr Trump campaign chair Paul Manafort in Virginia.
BREAKING:  NBC News has learned that an unscheduled principals meeting of Trump’s top national security advisers was convened this morning at the White House concerning Russia and the fall out from Helsinki. The meeting concluded before Trump spoke on camera today.
You can see on tape and the photo provided by the White House that the President was reading his clarification of Putin presser off of 2 pieces of paper - written comments --  and to try to quell a firestorm,  the explanation is he misspoke one word?  ONE. SINGLE. WORD.
"My meeting with Putin was interesting in so many ways" - Donald Trump
Trump says he didn't understand the critics of his comments w/Puti, thinking "What's the big deal?"  So he looked at the transcript and says he misspoke
Trump reads this:  "In a key sentence in my remarks, I said the word would instead of wouldn't. The sentence should have been, 'I don't see any reason why it WOULDN'T be Russia....Sort of a double negative. So you can put that in, and I think that probably clarifies things"
THIS YOU GOTTA READ:  The President - under pressure - now saying there's a key word he forgot to say on election meddling w/Putin: NOT -- as in - he sees no reason it (election meddling) would NOT be Russia.  Hard to make that argument to anyone who saw the rest of the presser
According to @PeterAlexander in room w POTUS for first post-Putin presser comments - he was asked "Will you publicly condemn Putin?" He ignored the question.  And this was supposed to be Trump clarifying his widely denounced statements.
Trump now says he has "Full faith and support for America’s intelligence agencies -always have" -adds he accepts intel community conclusion that meddling took place but "could be other people also"//"Other people" is NOT accepting Intel conclusions!  Their conclusion is Russia
We're waiting to hear Pres Trump's first comments since the Putin presser -- indications are he's going to "clarify" his remarks, which most people thought were pretty clear, and pretty clearly in Putin's corner, not US Intel...or the US generally.
It is a genetic fact - being born in the Cleveland area (aka the best location in the nation) means you are an Indians/Browns/Cavs fan for life -- and yes, we LOVE it -and them-  when we actually have something to celebrate! https://t.co/uLZb4HfNAI
After Donald Trump again called Putin today a competitor, George Bush’s homeland security chief - Michael Chertoff - told @NicolleDWallace  “This is not a competitor. This is not the World Cup”
NOTABLE:  POTUS publicly disagrees w Dir of Nt'l Intellience on Russia - then Dan Coats publicly pushes back:  "We have been clear in our assessments of Russian meddling in the 2016 election and their ongoing, pervasive efforts to undermine our democracy"
While in the US  Trump's comments at joint Putin press conference today have been called "treasonous" (fmr CIA Dir Brennan) and "shameful" (Sen Flake) Russian FM Lavrov said that the talks were ‘fabulous’, then added "better than super".
@PhilipRucker says he was watching Putin's spokesman during the press conference and he seemed to be chuckling, "gleeful" at times.
@SenBenCardin on @MSNBC "We have to recognize how detrimental this trip has been to our national security"
There was a lot of concern before the summit that behind closed doors, Trump would give Puon what he wanted. He just did it - but out in public, standing next to him.
At a time when the President repeatedly denigrates the press - thanks to @JonLemire and @jeffmason1  for their tough, fair and pointed questions - giving him a chance to stand up for the US which he didn’t do
The President stood on foreign soil and showed total disrespect to AMERICANS WHO SERVE:  his Director of National Intelligence, an FBI agent and former Secretary of State
As the Trump-Putin summit begins in Helsinki - turns out Finns like Putin more than Trump - 83% of Finns have a negative opinion of Trump vs 75% negative for Putin. The pollster tells @nytimes Finns expect “honesty, discipline and trust in global institutions” in a leader
It's clear from repeated answers - and Trump has now brought up FBI agent Peter Strzok - that he sides with Russia over his Intelligence Agencies and doesn't care or understand that it's not all about HIM and his 2016 win but about interference in the world's greatest democracy
Here it is - and let this sink in - Trump -- asked about broad evidence and intelligence conclusions about Russian interference says Putin "was extremely strong and powerful in his denial".
Will you denounce interference in 2016 and tell him never to do it again? --	Trump responds "Where is the server?"  Says Putin denies it "and I don't see any reason why it would be"...What happened to H Clinton's emails and calls THAT  a disgrace, but not Russian interference.
Putin hands a soccer ball to Trump "Now the ball is in your court" - Trump tosses it to the First Lady and says it's for his son Barron.
The Nation Magazine says they got credentials for Sam Husseini, communications director of the Institute for Public Accuracy: "At a time when this administration consistently denigrates the media, we’re troubled by reports that he was forcibly removed from the press conference "
The President calls his own country foolish and praises Russia, the country that interfered in 2016 election, annexed Crimea, supported Syria and rebels in Ukraine - not to mention poisonings in the UK
"We ran a brilliant campaign, and that is why I'm President" - Donald Trump, rejecting on the world stage, Friday's indictments of Russian military Intelligence officers
Trump - after summit with Putin - is talking about beating Hillary Clinton - - no collusion -  and how investigation by Mueller is hurting relationship between the two countries
Trump opening statement filled with thanks and praise for Russia and Putin - the exact opposite of his comments on our allies at NATO (and on twitter)
"Our relationship has never been worse - that changed, as of about 4 hours ago"  - Trump on Russia, suggesting, as he did at NATO, that he solved long-standing, complex problems in a matter of minutes.
Putin: "We are ready to analyze together" evidence he says doesn't exist of Russian interference in US election
Putin wants the US to restore trust - just days after 12 Russian military officers were indicted as part of Mueller investigation (which just this morning Trump called a "Rigged Witch Hunt")
Putin says summit "a success"  By his standards - the propaganda value is clear
@RealSaavedra National Republicans are already taking advantage of this
One of the signs greeting Donald Trump in Helsinki- courtesy msnbc’s ⁦@BryanWeakland⁩ https://t.co/ymBZPnHp7d
Putin and Russia go into private meeting after Trump enumerated what they’ll talk about - neglecting both Syria and Russian meddling- he said he’d bring it up just yesterday but then tweeted the US-Russia relationship never worse because of “US stupidity” &amp; “Rigged  Witch Hunt”
President Trump begins Putin meeting congratulation him on hosting World Cup and explaining “in the US we call it soccer” and gives a should out “to our mutual friend President Xi” - China’s human rights record, of course, has worsened under Xi https://t.co/mgS7PihPc9
Sarah Sanders says John Bolton was pulled from a CNN interview because  WH reporter Jim Acosta disrespected the President. I saw that presser and the disrespect was not coming from Jim.
Is there a sports bar in NYC that isn’t packed with World Cup crowds? https://t.co/q3wsB01Sf1
Pres Trump calls EU - our allies - our “biggest foe” along with China and Russia. For him, it’s about trade. “EU is very difficult” - CBS interview
A federal grand jury in DC has returned an indictment today against 12 Russian nationals for their alleged roles in computer hacking conspiracies aimed at interfering in the 2016 election — Special Counsel’s Office
Trump:  In the United States we have "pure stupidity going on" because "I like getting along" with China and Russia
Trump rates the US relationship with UK as the "highest level of special"
Standing next to PM Theresa May - Trump again says Boris Johnson would be a great Prime Minister
May pushes back on Trump claim she's pushing for "Brexit Lite" and says she's delivering what the British people voted for
"We have been far tougher than Russia than anybody" claims Donald Trump and blames questions on whether that's true on fake news and dishonest media.
Theresa May:  The UK has "a proud history" of welcoming people who are fleeing other countries and "it's been good for the UK" - a diametrically opposed view to what was just voiced by Pres Trump
Asked about immigration:  Trump says "it has damaged the cultural fabric ...very bad for Europe" and "They better watch themselves..it's a very sad situation, very unfortunate" for Europe and "I don't think it's good for our country"
Trump claims he didn't criticize the Prime Minister when, in fact, he threatened to kill any future trade deals with the US after PM May went "the opposite way" of his advice on Brexit and calls results "very unfortunate"
Right out of the gate a British reporter asked Trump whether his criticism is really the way a friend acts?  Trump suggests its fake news - even though the entire interview is on tape
After creating a furor in UK interview by saying Theresa May wrecked Brexit, Trump does a complete about face and now says "Whatever you do is okay with us"
POTUS and PM May about to have a presser after Trump went after her in a wide-ranging UK interview
Trump says Putin is "not my enemy" - suggesting he just doesn't know him that well and ignoring the brutality and the threat of the Russian regime
President Trump reminisces about the "most magical days" he's ever lived:  meeting with Xi in China
Asked about protests that will greet him in the UK - Trump suggests Brits actually really like him there.  In fact - he has record low approval ratings and more Britons think he shouldn't have been invited than want him there
"It's just a loose meeting" -- that's the way the President describes his upcoming one-on-ne with Vladimir Putin - but suggests they might talk about stopping military exercises in Baltics
BREAKING:  The federal government has reopened its investigation into the brutal slaying of Emmett Till, the black teenager whose horrifying killing in 1955 still resonates; his coffin sits in the Smithsonian
Croatian journalist asks if he can be depended on or: "Will you be tweeting differently after you board Air Force One?"  Trump says he's very consistent:  "I"m a very stable genius"
Trump now says pulling out of NATO "probably unnecessary" but suggests he could probably do it without Congressional approval.  Also claims - after public insults against allies - they all thanked him and there's a 	"great collegial spirit "unlike ever before
@Morning_Joe real time fact-checking Trump's presser in Belgium
Trump says NATO is now "a fine tuned machine" - credits his own tough talk.
Trump holding a presser after NATO:  declares the trip a big success -- but less than a minute in takes credit for countries upping their defense contributions after going down -- not true.  They were rising under Obama
Fmr US Amb to NATO Nicholas Burns on @Morning_Joe: It's just infuriating to watch this happen. You cannot imagine any American president all the way back 75 years deciding to become the critic in chief of NATO. I mean, it's Orwellian. He's making our friends out to be our enemies
Trump turns generations of US diplomacy on its head -- calling NATO members delinquents,  accusing Germany of being totally controlled by Russia &amp; again citing misleading numbers on NATO spending
It didn't take long for President Trump to offend our allies and anger folks on both sides of the aisle with his extraordinary and embarrassing attack on allies at a NATO breakfast - even beyond his typical breach of diplomatic norms.
“A judge must be independent and interpret the law,	not make the law...interpret the Constitution as written” - Brett Kavanaugh
Hearing from Brett Kavanaugh for 1st time as nominee:  “My mom and dad are here, I am an only child”- speaks of his mom as a trailblazer who was an early woman prosecutor.
12 days after Justice Kennedy stepped down from the Supreme Court - Trump announces Brett Kavanaugh  - with Ed Meese and Justice Scalia’s widow in the audience.
It’s a reliable conservative:  @POTUS  about to officially announce Brett Kavanaugh as his nominee to Supreme Court
Trump Administration tells a judge they can't all reunify kids under 5 years old tomorrow as ordered - getting an extension that means at least 48 of 102 "tender age" children won't be back with their families tomorrow.
Thai Navy Seals have confirmed there are now 8 boys rescued from the cave.
Thai rescue BREAKING:  NBC reports 2 ambulances have been seen leaving a cave in northern Thailand, and a helicopter was seen taking off--Reuters reports 6 of the 12 boys trapped are out
RT @JennaBushHager: From a letter my grandfather wrote in 1997: a point of light was a vision about serving others, one that lit up our cou…
After tense negotiations Sec’y of State Mike Pompeo left  North Korea w/o meeting w Kim Jong Un though he said talks were “productive”. North Korea  said the talks were "regrettable" and accused Washington of trying to unilaterally pressure the country into abandoning its nukes
With 3,000 children separate from their parents the Trump Administration has asked for an extension of next week’s deadline for reunions - even though HHS Sec Alex Azar has claimed the agency could make the deadline
Remember when HHS Sec'y Azar said he could find any child separated from their migrant parents “within seconds"? Now 2 HHS officials tell @nytimes "records linking children to their parents have disappeared, and in some cases have been destroyed."
In case you missed it, a story about Dems channeling frustration into action:	https://t.co/BYsk3KPJ69
Under fire and under investigation on more than a dozen fronts - Scott Pruitt is out at EPA.  @POTUS tweeted his thanks for Pruitt's service.
It’s so wonderful on this eve of the Fourth to celebrate one of the truly great things about America: musical theater.  Thank you @irishrep @Melissa_errico for On a Clear Day! https://t.co/TXlObsInyK
A NY Grand Jury has comeback with 3 additional felony sex charges against Harvey Weinstein, two with the potential of life in prison.  Weinstein was already facing 3 sex crime charges carrying a maximum penalty of 25 years in prison.
Homeland Security now asking Defense Dept to house and care for migrant families- up to 12,000 people. Expect to need to house 2,000 people within 45 days
"This sets into motion the biggest change on the US Supreme Court in half a century" - @PeteWilliamsNBC on Justice Kennedy retirement
MAJOR BREAKING NEWS:  Justice Kennedy is retiring from the Supreme Court, giving @POTUS a chance to replace a swing vote with a solidly conservative one.
Sarah Sanders - who started her briefing talking about civility - is asked whether separating families is civil.  She wouldn’t directly answer that question
“It was an honor to know Charles and to disagree with him” -  @Eugene_Robinson on @MSNBC on the death of his friend Charles Krauthammer.  Remember a world where honest, intelligent and respectful discourse was the rule?
GOP Sen Kennedy in other Republicans who see immigration reform as politically risky:  “grow some guts. You know, it’s what you were sent up here for. It’s to try to solve tough problems. If you don’t want to do that, go home.”
The President annc'd it, now an official statement:  First Lady Melania Trump has arrived in Texas to take part in briefings and tours at a nonprofit social services center for children who have entered the United States illegally and a customs and border patrol processing center
Both United and American have asked the federal government to stop using their airlines to transport children separated from their families - after a flight attendant wrote that seeing sad, fearful, "helpless children" made her feel like a collaborator	https://t.co/O9EDa3slvW
Outrage from GOP politicians &amp; pundits, religious leaders including Pope Francis, business leaders,  editorial boards, the overwhelming majority of voters, his wife and daughter -finally seems to have convinced Pres Trump that separating children from their parents is inhumane.
Jeff Sessions on the Hill  just now wouldn’t answer the question of whether he miscalculated on the zero tolerance family separation policy he announced in May.
The President now says he’s going to sign something “in a little while”  to stop family separation. We don’t yet know what this means for the children already separated from their parents.
"We shouldn't have to choose between enforcing the law and families being separated at the border." - Speaker Ryan.  Well, you don't. This is a CHOICE by the Administration to take children away from parents charged with a MISDEMEANOR
Fmr Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski now claims he wasn't mocking the separation of a child with Down Syndrome from her family, but the person telling the story.  Watch and decide.	https://t.co/skoRQeeA7X
@MSNBC Lewandowski now claiming he was "womp womping" the liberal commentator, not what he was saying - that a 10 year old with Down Syndrome was taken from her mother.  You listen.  You decide.
As the President tweets that family separation is about the “safety and security of our Country “ - GOP Sen James Lankford  refutes Administration argument: “I’ve seen no evidence that MS-13 is using families to sneak in members”
If you wonder whether the outrage over crying, caged children is having any impact, well, the acting director of ICE says family separations are NOT inhumane. “I've said it a hundred times, separating families is unfortunate, it's sad, but we've got to enforce the law. “
A MUST READ:  One parent says it so eloquently while raising money to help reunite families: "...clear moral commonality is what will sustain us... It is an enduring sense of what America ought to be about.”	https://t.co/NZZOhixOzO
Pope Francis tells Reuters the US policy of separating families is immoral.	"People have to be settled in the best possible way, but creating psychosis is not the cure"
IMPORTANT:  On a call w reporters an official said HE DOESN'T KNOW how many separated children have been reunited with parents because the policy is new so they're WORKING ON reunification plans. So your gov't separated families without a plan in place to get them back together
Steve is one of the people who when he speaks on TV, people (including me) just stop whatever they’re doing to listen to his thoughtful, informed analysis.  He is gone from the GOP but now - more than ever - is a true leader and singularly important  voice https://t.co/h1PBaz7QeE
A former worker at a migrant child center told @craigmelvin 8 and 10 yr old siblings clutched their 16 yr old brother " bitterly crying" not knowing where their mom was, when a shift leader said they weren't allowed to hug.  That worker later quit in protest.
The same President who called Mexican immigrants criminals and rapists today warns  illegal immigrants, will "infest our country".  Defenseless parents and children are not an infestation even if the Administration cages them like animals.
Trump:  We don't want people "pouring into our country.  You have to stand for safety and security" Says we shouldn't separate families but "pc or not" we have to have security
"They are creating chaos, they are creating a crisis and at the expense of human beings" -- Cecilia Munoz, Obama director of the White House Domestic Policy Council on migrant family separation
Trump again pushing the narrative that his policy is keeping kids safe by keeping them away from smugglers. And again blames (the discounted claim of) Democratic loopholes.
There's a pattern here: Fmr ICE chief tells @mitchellreports this is an intentionally created crisis -- Congress is caught unprepared; scrambling to do a fix - Admin can't say when reporters can see girls' facility and Senator turned away from another kids' shelter. Theme:  chaos
GOP Sen Orrin Hatch tells our Cap Hill team he is circulating a letter for ALL Senators to sign calling for a moratorium on separations at the border until congress can act - even as Dem Sen Nelson says he was stopped from going into shelter to check on unaccompanied children
Is the tide turning?  GOP Sen Ted Cruz proposing legislation to keep migrant families from being separated:  “While these cases are pending, families should stay together. Children belong with their mothers and fathers. “
Top UN Human Rights officialshas this take on Trump policy of separating families:  The thought that any state would seek to deter parents by inflicting such abuse on children is unconscionable.
All former First Ladies - unprecedented - are now standing together against a political policy - the separation of families at the border.  Taking a moral stand, something too many members of Congress won't.
Takeaway from the bizarrely callous q &amp; a by DHS Sec'y Nielsen is that the Administration won't change anything until they get a long term deal.  Trump said Friday he won't support a moderate GOP plan.  So standoff with innocent children left - pediatric experts say - traumatized
On the policy that former First Ladies have called cruel and disgraceful: that leaves children wailing "Mama" and "Papa" Sec'y Nielsen dismissive "Why would I ever create a policy that purposely does this?"  Truth:  the Trump Administration did exactly that
Sec'y Nielsen tries to argue there's no balanced view of whats happening with the separation of families with pictures of caged children and audio of them crying:  "they reflect the focus of those"who  post those pictures and audio.
Sec'y Nielsen is asked if separating children from their parents is child abuse....she asks "can you be more specific"...and that she's not in a position to deal with hearsay.
Asked repeatedly about the treatment of migrant children separated from their parents:  caged, audio tapes of them wailing and calling for their moms and dads - Sec'y Nielsen doesn't so much as flinch.  She blames Congress and the children's parents.
Homeland Sec Secretary  Nielsen says separating migrant children from their families is not a controversial idea because entering the US illegally is a crime.  The parents are at fault.  Church leaders, health professionals, all living former 1st Ladies are strongly critical
Trump calls US immigration law "horrible" and the "worst in the entire world" and family separation "so sad" - again falsely claiming it's the Democrats.  It's not the law - it a policy announced by his attorney general.
Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen, who has contradicted DHS's OWN WRITTEN STATEMENTS by tweeting they do not have a policy of separating families at the border - is now blaming the press for misinformation.
Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen - in the latest explanation for parents being separated from families - claims migrants are "posing as families"... and on asylum:  "Our generosity is being abused"
On sending Paul Manafort to jail  on charges of witness tampering the judge said she couldn’t propose another, less restrictive, order. “This isn’t middle school, I can’t take your phone”
Paul Manafort is going to jail. Judge Amy Berman Jackson said that Manafort’s repeated attempts to contact a witness constituted a danger to the integrity of the court
Trump again w praise for Kim and THIS:  "He speaks and his people sit up at attention. I want my people to do the same" - follows his admiration for how supportive state run NK TV is of Kim
Trump doing an impromptu interview on WH No Lawn:  immigration compromise must include Wall, blames Dems for children separated from parents at border &amp; praises current FBI and says they're on his side,
BREAKING:  NY Attorney General files a lawsuit against the Donald J. Trump Foundation, alleging “a pattern of persistent illegal conduct, occurring over more than a decade, that includes extensive unlawful political coordination with the Trump presidential campaign”
Asked about Kim's brutality against his own people Trump says "...he’s doing what he’s seen done, if you look at it. But, I really have to go by today and by yesterday and by a couple of weeks ago... Really, he’s got a great personality. He’s a funny guy, he’s a very smart guy"
Pres Trump, on AF1 just before takeoff from Singapore, says he trusts Kim Jung Un
No kidding.  Dennis Rodman has just arrived in Singapore ahead of the Trump -Kim summit.
Tragic loss of a gifted reporter and father of two beautiful children.  https://t.co/Cb5GQ4O190
Ah history!  Justify wins the Teiple Crown leading wire-to-wire. LOVE that the jockey is 52 - and dedicates the win to disabled riders
Trump says “we’ve concluded” a successful G7. He’s leaving early. Praises host Canada - then repeats they’ve been taking advantage of the US on trade “for years and years”
Cleveland fan always! https://t.co/vOWs9SnEeH
RT @JoeNBC: “No one understands clients and their needs better than Harold, and people in finance know this...He’s got one of the best Rolo…
The G7 briefing was scheduled to start at 8 and Trump’s seat was empty. WH pool says Justin Trudeau  started speaking at 14 after. POTUS showed up at 8:17 - after Canada’s PM finished.
Spectacular morning for the N.Y. mini 10k. Winner came in just over 30 minutes. I was congratulating myself for getting out of bed to watch. https://t.co/iqhJS4yCfA
More shocking news:  Anthony Bourdain, who inspired so many of us with his love of food and travel and gift of making us feel we were there - has died at  61.	CNN - which aired his show - confirmed Bourdain's death &amp; said the cause of death was suicide.
BREAKING: WH announces Trump will leave G7 early.  Leaders of France and Canada both said they would confront Trump over new tariffs on U.S. allies. He’ll go directly from Quebec to Singapore for the NoKo meeting
Trump says if all goes well, he'll invite Kim Jong Un to the US.  Human Rights Watch reminder:  NK remains one of the most repressive authoritarian states in the world, with Kim using public executions, arbitrary detention, and forced labor to keep a grip on citizens.
@BernieSanders on not endorsing his son who's running for Congress: "Levi has spent his life in service to low income and working families, and I am very proud of all that he has done. In our family, however, we do not believe in dynastic politics."
Sen  @JeffFlake asked about Trump tweet questioning why he's running for a lower office	Reporter: Are you running for another office? 	 FLAKE: No, I hadn’t heard that. 	Reporter: You don’t know what he’s talking about?	 FLAKE: No I have no idea.
Trump says he's prepared for No Korea summit:  "I don’t think I have to prepare very much. It’s about the attitude. It’s about willingness to get things done....it’s a question of whether or not people want it to happen, and we’ll know that very quickly.”
Stormy Daniels’ lawyer on Rudy Giuliani: “..this guy is an absolute disgusting pig. We cannot have men in positions of power basically making these statements against women. Any woman. It doesn’t matter what a women’s profession is.”
Rudy Giuliani won't take back Stormy Daniels attack, saying derisively she should be judged by her looks and has no value. Really?  In 2018?  STOP And Giuliani playing morality police is choice.  See:  his ex, Donna Hanover #knowyourvalue
This is depressing.  @Forbes list of 100 highest paid athletes in the world. They're from 23 countries but NOT A SINGLE WOMAN. Tennis' Kei Nishikori was out injured for 5 mos but landed at #35 while Serena, on maternity leave, dropped off the list.   https://t.co/124QxG6JEz
WH now confirms Pres Trump has signed commutation for Alice Johnson, serving a life sentence for a nonviolent drug offense &amp; whose case was championed by Kim Kardashian West.
McConnell cancels August recess "to pass legislation, including appropriations bills, and to make additional progress on the president’s nominees"  As @chucktodd points out, in 2016 there wasn't time to do a hearing for Merrick Garland
In official WH statement, Sarah Sanders accuses the Eagles of abandoning their fans since "the great majority of players would not attend" the Super Bowl recognition.  A source tells NBC cancellation was bc of the bad optics of having less than 10 people from Eagles at the event.
Fashion designer Kate Spade was found dead this morning in her Manhattan home. Cause of death is being investigated. She was 55
Philly Mayor on Trump disinviting Eagles from WH celebration - calls Trump “a fragile egomaniac obsessed with crowd size and afraid of the embarrassment of throwing a party to which no one wants to attend.”
BREAKING NBC investigations: in fed court  filing prosecutors say Paul Manafort tried to tamper w potential witnesses while on pretiral release and, violating conditions of his release. Filing says Manafort used encrypted messaging applications to try and reach certain witnesses.
On EPA's Scott Pruitt (taxpayer paid) aide asking about used mattress from Trump hotel Sarah Sanders can't help but laugh: "Looking into the matter; couldn't comment on the specifics of the furniture used in his apartment"	But is it the story that's laughable or lack of response?
After Trump said he had the right to pardon himself, Sarah Sanders doesn't say he can't do that -- just says he hasn't done anything wrong and won't need to
Trump considers clemency for Rod Blagojevich and Martha Stewart,  both were on The Apprentice, in 2013 he tweeted about her attractiveness &amp; she "used to be my biggest fan" - says Blago was stupid but 18 yr sentence "really unfair" - the jury that heard the case might disagree.
Our WH Team says Kim Kardashian spent about an hour inside - she was meeting President Trump to push for a pardon for a 63-year-old great grandmother who is serving life in prison for a 1st-time drug offense.
BREAKING NEWS ON HARVEY WEINSTEIN:	 “A Grand Jury has voted to indict Harvey Weinstein on charges of Rape in the First and Third Degrees, and Criminal Sexual Act in the First Degree. “— Manhattan DA
From Texas  - site of at least the 16th school shooting this year - will be on live with a survivor coming up on @Lawrence
According to the @allinwithchris tape of Bill Gates - President Trump knew enough about his daughter - her physical appearance - (she’s 22) that it made Melinda Gates uncomfortable
Remarkable video on @allinwithchris of Bill Gates describing how Pres Trump didn’t know the difference between HIV and HPV
BREAKING:  Trump disclosure to Office of Government Ethics shows he "fully reimbursed" Michael Cohen for between $100,001 and $250,000 in 2017 -- appears to corroborate Giuliani who said Trump paid Cohen back the $130,000 for Stormy Daniels
From NBC Hill team on Trump lunch w GOP Senators -  McCain apology didn't come up.  What did?    He did most of the talking -- his accomplishments: tax bill, NK,  judges Also immigration
Update on No Korean prisoners returned to US from Walter Reed spokesperson:	“The returnees have left Walter Reed National Military Medical Center. All three were grateful, in good spirits and coping well.”
Watching the magnificent @MetOpera @AnnaNetrebko Tosca - I used to think that with lies, subterfuge, jealousy and tragedy opera was the greatest drama - but now truth IS stranger than fiction.  Without the glorious music
Did Trump’s lawyer get money from a Russian oligarch - maybe as repayment for hush money for Stormy Daniels?  Her lawyer is suggesting it...	https://t.co/RJNcttmsj2
Fmr Sec’y of State John Kerry tells @NicolleDWallace @MSNBC that the President has created a problem where there was none by withdrawing from nuclear deal “This isolates the United States”
French Pres Macron - he of the Trump hand-holding and seeming bromance - has tweeted France, Germany and UK's displeasure with Iran deal withdrawal writing "the nuclear non-proliferation regime is at stake"
Sec'y of State Pompeo will arrive in North Korea shortly, in preparation for Trump's upcoming meeting with Kim Jong Un. "Plans are being made, relationships are building" Trump said in annc'ing withdrawal from Iran deal
It's official.  Arguing that it is a horrible and disastrous deal @realDonaldTrump says the US will pull out of the Iran nuclear deal, the signature foreign policy achievement of Pres @BarackObama-  raising serious questions for US alllies
On the same day NY’s AG resigns amid assault allegations, new documents show EPA’s Scott Pruitt spent far more time eating and touring than he did working on a taxpayer-funded trip to Italy. Does anyone wonder why voters are fed up?
Yesssss!!!!  @cavs advance to the conference finals with a definitive 4-0 series against the Raptors 128-93 - 3rd straight year Cleveland has eliminated Toronto. ONWARD KING JAMES!!!
With extraordinary swiftness in the #metoo era NY AG Eric Schneiderman resigns just hours after New Yorker reports on women who accuse him of physical violence. He denies charges but says  “they will effectively prevent me from leading the office's work at this critical time.”
Trump says the long-awaited announcement on whether the WH will stay in the Iran nuclear deal is coming tomorrow at 2pm eastern
Sanders says reports that Melania Trump does not live full time at the WH are "outrageous and ridiculous"
The idea of trying to blame the President for cyber-bullying "is kind of ridiculous" says Sarah Sanders.
Asked how Trump felt about Giuliani's widely criticized weekend TV appearances...Sarah Sanders said "I didn't speak with him...but Trump thinks he's "an added value member" of the legal team.
Sarah Sanders says WH is "fully confident" of Gina Haspel's ability to answer questions about her 33 years at CIA.  Of course, MUCH of that is classified....
This is what separates that great from the historically great. @KingJames - coming off a game that puts @cavs up 3-0 in the series, talks in the post game interview about having to play better. He’s already focused on Game 4. Maybe a minute after making a phenomenal winning shot
If you weren’t just watching the @cavs just now  it will be nearly impossible  to miss the replay tomorrow - another heart-stopping iconic moment for @KingJames. That. Was. Incredible.
Pres Trump following a morning of headlines that Giuliani hurt his case — “President Trump said Rudy he’s a “great guy” but “he just started yesterday”and “he’ll get his facts straight” (in fact Giuliani joined the legal team 2 weeks ago)
Before cheering NRA crowd Trump suggested Paris terror attack just needed someone with a gun pointed in the other direction and vans and cars driving into crowds can kill people “ so “Let’s not sell any more cars”.
Among Trump’s comments for NRA: 2nd amendment rights are under siege, thanked Kanye West for doubling his poll #s with blacks, says he loves fighting battles and referenced John Kerry bicycle accident (2015) and “weakness gets you nuclear war”
More WH disconnect - as the President is praising the economy and today’s jobs numbers the chair of the WH Council of Economic Advisors says those numbers  are “absolutely a little bit disappointing for us”.
In two quick reporter Q &amp; As Trump says Rudy made statements on things he’s not familiar with but “he just started yesterday.” No. He actually started two weeks ago. Misrepresents Mueller as working for Obama for 8 years - he was appt AG and FBI by GW Bush
Trump says “nobody wants to speak” to Mueller “more than me” and says he’d override his lawyers if he thought he’d get a fair hearing.
Trump throws Giuliani under the bus  for legally questionable statements on Daniels’ hush money “Rudy  had just started and he wasn’t totally familiar with everything” - says “we love Rudy” but unhappy w  press corps for “bringing up that kind of crap” - denies changing story
@POTUS says he’d loved to speak to Mueller if he thought it was fair. There’s “nothing I’d love more”  but right now “it’s a pure witch hunt” but of its fair “I would override my lawyers”
Well, that was as heart-stopping as a game 1 can be. Cavs lead the series. Whew
I’ve just landed and learned that my beloved @Browns made University of Oklahoma QB Baker Mayfield the No. 1 pick in 2018 NFL Draft. WELCOME TO CLEVELAND!
Police in Nashville say they have the Waffle House gunman in custody
Sarah Sanders won’t “close the door on something that hasn’t taken place” - not ruling out POTUS would pardon Michael Cohen
The Royal baby makes his worldwide debut at about 7 hours old. Kate looking amazing right after childbirth.
BREAKING:  Rudy Giuliani tells @WashPo that he’s agreed to join the President’s legal team
Stormy Daniels’ lawyer @MichaelAvenatti tells @NicolleDWallace he doesn’t think Pres Trump will serve out his term.
From Obamas’ statement on the passing of Barbara Bush: We’re grateful for the way she lived her life – as a testament to the fact that public service is an important and noble calling; as an example of the humility and decency that reflects the very best of the American spirit.
Former First Lady - and First Mother Barbara Bush - has died at 92
After apologizing for the treatment of black customers Starbucks says it’s closing 8,000+ company owned stores on the afternoon of May 29th for racial bias education
Moderate GOP congressman Charlie Dent announces he is resigning next month - he had already decided not to run for reeelction.
Sean Hannity says Michael Cohen “never represented me in any matter, I never retained him in the traditional sense as retaining a lawyer, I never received an invoice from Michael” but admits he sought legal advice and assumed attorney client confidentiality
BREAKING:  we just learned that Trump lawyer Michael Cohen’s previously undisclosed client is Fox’s Sean Hannity.  What Hannity used used Cohen for is an open question. Reaction from several analysts:  WOW
Comey answers the question: Is Donald Trump fit to be President? “He strikes me as a person of above average intelligence. I don’t see him as mentally unfit....I see him as morally unfit to be President”
Comey reacting as he learns from TV he’s been fired:  “I did not expect to be fired. “ He thought, “That’s crazy” and drank red wine from a coffee cup on the flight home.
Comey acknowledges he maybe should have done things differently when President Trump  asked for his “honest loyalty” - suggests he just wanted to end an uncomfortable conversation
JJs show is so great - you don’t need to own a business to love it. https://t.co/6FbHersQlt
Academy Award winning director Milos Forman of the great “One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" and "Amadeus” has died at Danbury Hospital near his home in Warren, CT.
John McCain Senate Armed Services Committee chair:	“I applaud the President for taking military action against the Assad regime for its latest use of chemical weapons, and for signaling his resolve to do so again if these heinous attacks continue”
Vote Vets statement:  “Amid all the analysis of the ‘optics’ of a strike, and whether it helps or hurts Donald Trump politically, we implore people to remember that  Donald Trump did not get authorization for this strike, and that puts our Constitution at grave risk”
While the Pentagon briefs on strikes against Syria; the sold out Madison Square Garden crowd sings along w Billy Joel to We Didn’t Start the Fire https://t.co/ad0Jz1TRbz
French Pres Macron on joint action against Syria:  On Saturday, April 7, 2018, in Duma, dozens of men, women and children were massacred with chemical weapons...The red line set by France in May 2017 has been crossed.
Early criticism of air strikes from Sen Kaine:   “President Trump’s decision to launch airstrikes...without Congress’s approval is illegal and – absent a broader strategy – it’s reckless. Sen Markey call them “neither constitutional nor wise”
Statement from UK PM Theresa May:   This evening I have authorised British armed forces to conduct co-ordinated and targeted strikes to degrade the Syrian Regime’s chemical weapons capability and deter their use.  We are acting together with our American and French allies.
Reports of explosions around Damascus; more details coming. Pentagon will hold briefing around the top of the hour
The US not going it alone:  Precision strikes are being made against strategic targets on Syria's chemical weapons capability – an operation w/France and the UK.
From our White House team:  John Bolton and Sarah Sanders stood off to the side of potus next to the press.  Bolton followed prepared remarks line by line using his fingers.
President Trump authorizes missle strikes on Syria
President Trump preparing to address the nation on Syria
Dick Durbin simply and effectively gets to the heart of the privacy issue asking Zuckerberg if he’d like to say what hotel he stayed at last night and who he’s been texting. (The answer was no)
While Zuckerberg testifies - Sarah Sanders says WH believes Trump “certainly” would have the power to fire Robert Mueller - most legal experts disagree
I believe you have all the talent -my question is whether you have all the will to fix these problems:  Sen Cantwell to Zuckerberg
Zuckerberg doing a daiciploned job of what his legal prep team surely told him to do: answer the question as briefly as possible. If that’s yes or no, then just yes or no. The less you say, the less likely you’ll get into trouble.
Orrin Hatch just asked Zuckerberg how Facebook makes money if it doesn’t charge users. MZ looked very briefly confused, small smile then , “Senator, we run ads”.
“This is an arms race” - Zuckerberg on the challenges of fighting bad actors
Zuckerberg acknowledges that having artificial intelligence do a good job of identifying hate speech on Facebook is probably 5-10 years away.
Sen Thune:  After more than a decade of  (unkept) promises to do better,  why should we trust Facebook?
A source tells @SavannahGuthrie Zuckerberg participated in 4 full practice sessions in preparation for today’s testimony before Congress.
“We want to haul Cambridge Analytica in for a separate hearing”- Sen Nelson. And if you folks can’t fix the problems Congress will
Sen Nelson warns that without protections, none of us will have any personal privacy anymore. My question:  are people worried about that or do they assume it’s happened already?
Mark Zuckerberg listening as one by one, Senators tell him things he already knows. https://t.co/QFb30Xq5gU
From the White House Press Office:	President Donald J. Trump Proclaims April 2018 as National Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month
Supporters of fmr FBI Dep Director Andrew McCabe, fired earlier this month just days before retirement, have set up a GoFundMe legal defense fund. It’s taken in almost half a million dollars on day one
Laura Ingraham apologizes for mocking Parkland shooting survivor David Hogg AFTER Nestle, TripAdvisor, Wayfair, Nutrish, Expedia listened when he asked them to pull ads.
Trump thinks US border should look like the DMZ? “Look, North and South Korea, 32,000 soldiers. The finest equipment, barbed wire all over the place. We protect that whole thing, nobody comes through. But our country, we don’t do it. “
David Shulkin, whose time as VA Secretary has been marked by scandal over alleged spending abuses and an inter-agency rebellion has been fired - Trump announcing it via Twitter
Trump doesn't answer a question about alleged affairs when walking out of what he tweeted would be a news conference but was a statement.
@realDonaldTrump says he looked very seriously at vetoing spending bill (and tweeted possibility of veto) but says he needed to support the military
Trump says he signed the spending bill as a "matter of national security" but warns Congress "I will never sign another bill like this again"- nobody read it; it's only hours old
Trump calls the spending bill "a ridiculous situation" Note to Ryan and McConnell
@realDonaldTrump making a statement - set to sign spending bill after threatening to veto it
BREAKING:  Trump's lead lawyer in the Mueller investigation has quit.  John Dowd tells @kwelkernbc: "I love the president and wish him very well."
AG Jeff Sessions fired former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe to tonight following review concluding he violated Justice Dept policies; McCabe says “My family and I have been the targets of an unrelenting assault on our reputation and my service to this country. “
WH statement:  President Trump greatly appreciates the nice words of the South Korean delegation and President Moon. He will accept the invitation to meet with Kim Jong Un at a place and time to be determined.
Stunning breaking news: North Korea suspending further missile tests, Kim Jong Un expresses “eagerness” to meet President Trump AS SOON AS POSSIBLE— by May
Trump economic advisor Gary Cohn’s resignation adds to departures list just this year:  Rick Dearborn, Andrew McCabe, Rob Porter, David Sorensen, Elaine Duke, Josh Raffel, Hope Hicks. And Trump just said  “...everybody wants to work in the White House.”
@craigmelvin @lindsayczarniak You've heard the phrase marrying up?
RT @craigmelvin: 3+ plus wks on the road covering Super Bowl, Olympics, then shuffling around in a jet lagged stupor. How does the best wif…
Dick's Sporting Goods won't sell assault rifles any more &amp; along w/ Walmart raises gun buying age to 21. Corporate America is actually listening to Americans.  Still, in the past, almost any perceived "threat" to 2nd Amendment was met w/higher gun sales. Will that happen now?
Most of Italy’s Olympic Team appears to be on my flight from PyeongChang &amp; IOC’s Juan Samaranch was congratulating members of Team USA in the lounge. Just another day :-) https://t.co/Tw5vTSCFXw
@NickKristof Ah, few writers have spurred readers to think, to feel and to act  in the incisive way you have, Nick. Hence a few Pulitzers of your own. But your tweet posted just as I was looking for something to keep me company on the long flight from PyeongChang. So thanks!
SOLID GOLD!! A stunning upset - nowhere near a favorite coming into the Olympics Team Men’s #usacurling wins 10-7!!!!!!! https://t.co/pqdCPBDI8z
Ivanka Trump and the US Delegation have arrived at the Girls Medal Curling match. https://t.co/hqLU5gPYxl
Matt, John, Tyler and John about to start the curling competition of their lives. #patiencepaysoff #USACURL https://t.co/EMXWUbiyfO
Heading into the improbably amazing best-finish-ever Men’s Gold Medal match for @usacurl  Go USA!!!! https://t.co/K038CxyMNw
Condi Rice to @HughHewittShow on our beloved @ClevelandBrowns draft pick: “I think DeShone Kizer, who is a Notre Dame kid, is a good quarterback. But I think we probably need to draft a quarterback. I love our defense. I love Miles Garrett. Let’s draft a quarterback”
More than an hour into his speech at CPAC and hours after Ivanka’s arrival in South Korea Trump announces sanctions against No Korea with just a couple of lines and no details.
RT @KellyO: Remember there is a “spoken word” Grammy category.
Trump tells CPAC the answer to school safety is concealed carry permits - just days after meeting with school shooting victims
“We will act. We will do something” Trump says to CPAC there are not enough tears in the world” for families of Parkland victims - then channels NRA:  we protect airports and banks “and not our schools” declaring schools gun free zones “puts our schools in far more danger”
Trump promises CPAC - “Don’t worry. You’re getting the Wall”
Trump doing one of his favorite things: re-living the election and the states he won. “We hit a chord” - and hopefully at the end “people are going to say thank you”
As Trump paints Democrats as crooks @MSNBC sources say  Rick Gates is expected to plead guilty in Mueller investigation - a sign he’s cooperating
Trump on Dems:  Boy have they committed a lot of atrocities”
Now Trump says he fulfilled more promises in th first year than he made. Mentions Hillary as crooked and audience shouts “Lock her up”.
Trump again claims - falsely- that he passed the largest tax cut in history. But the audience of conservatives is cheering - and he warns if Dems are elected in Nov the cuts will go away
On 2018 and how party in the WH generally loses midterm seats, “gets clobbered”:  “We can’t let that happen” and says Dems are “crazed” and he really believes he’s had the most successful 1st yr in presidential history
RT @MSNBC: WATCH: Pres. Trump jokes about his bald spot at a CPAC 		"I try like hell to hide that bald spot, folks. I work hard at it. Does…
Trump tells CPAC he’s shown he’s a real conservative, then dramatically checks his hair to raucous laugher and applause.
Ivanka Trump had dinner tonight here in So Korea with President Moon who is looking for detente w the North; President Trump is about to announce new sanctions on the North at C-PAC
Team USA finish 9th, 10th and 11th; the Russian 1 and 2 with the 15 year old becoming the second youngest gold medalist after @taralipinski
Yes, the Americans are out of medals contention but with one more skater the drama is HIGH. These young women came to play.
RT @TonyMaciulis: Miss covering #OlympicGames with you, @ChrisJansing! We will always have #Torino! 😂 https://t.co/ns2d19IOEb
Admit it. You did a little dance this morning when you heard @taralipinski and @JohnnyGWeir are hosting the Olympics Closing Ceremony with @terrygannon83. Talk about Must See TV!!!
Too good to be true -  but it is!  USA will win its best-ever Olympic curling medal with the men’s stunning upset over Canada - they now face Sweden for the gold!!! My head is exploding. @usacurl
Oh yeah!  The USA WINS GOLD in women’s hockey. First since 1998
Team USA: Freestyle Skiing Men’s Halfpipe — Americans take GOLD (David Wise) and SILVER (Alex Ferreira)!!
Rev Billy Graham - an evangelist who harnessed the power of media and touched many millions has died at 99.
A bronze medal for @lindseyvonn - a remarkable return after injuries and at 33. https://t.co/z6FGKHfOrD
Skiing 7th - @lindseyvonn is currently in 2nd in the downhill https://t.co/2ncVccSBWI
Just minutes away from one of the biggest races of @lindseyvonn ‘s storied career. 42 of her women’s record 81 World Cup wins coming in downhill https://t.co/dmpYGMfiWv
Big group of #TEAMUSA fans at women’s downhill where conditions are excellent. I know this because the announcer says so https://t.co/AcvyQbVd2X
Cheerleaders and a surprisingly agile mascot dancing to Gangnam Style. These are the most ENTHUSIASTIC hosts.... https://t.co/Rey27clYip
Ladies downhill starts in 35 minutes; @lindseyvonn skiing 7th. https://t.co/3dyDklyC32
All the medal - none of the work!  Thanks @MaiaShibutani @AlexShibutani for a fabulous performance (and the medal loan). My interview on @HallieJackson this hour https://t.co/gd1FTbWVjv
@MaiaShibutani taking a photo of her sib after their Bronze Medal winning performance!!! https://t.co/TnjNYDHy5t
It’s why after going to 9 Olympic Games it’s still a thrill - Virtue and Moir glorious when it mattered - best combined Olympic score ever. USAs Shibs take bronze! https://t.co/XvDndnKBPy
Americans Hubbell and Donahue behind the ShibSibs - with the favorites yet to skate https://t.co/UuVLPabyc2
So great to see @MaiaShibutani @AlexShibutani have such an amazing free skate and be in medals contention. https://t.co/avexpq8CMT
The Shib Sibs about to skate. Go USA! https://t.co/NAmvRVRzfr
RT @Adaripp: I mean 💁🏼‍♂️ https://t.co/d96qkfzAUA
Team USA women victorious over Denmark in curling! https://t.co/NUI0cffC4B
I’d forgotten how vocal and emotional curling fans can be. Hollywood could get sound effects here!  Canadians whooping, Korean Oooowwwwing. https://t.co/6K8NV4Y6nB
Japan takes gold and silver in Men’s Figs and Tokyo - and the country - go wild. https://t.co/VZCDBVKvv5
Japan’s Yuzuru Hanyu from a skating LOVING country takes the lead and the crowd goes wild. https://t.co/qKAPVzzCpj
Yessss!  That’s the skate @Adaripp dreamed of for the Olympics and his fans dreamed for him.  No singles medal needed. He brings his own STAR power (and a bronze from Team competition) https://t.co/sEZY9W4ffm
Yup - still the leaders to skate but Team USA showing us something great https://t.co/ODV1RCC46u
SOMETHING IS GOING ON WITH TEAM USA SKATERS!  @govincentzhou just had a stunning performance - after great @nathanwchen - @Adaripp yet to come https://t.co/2weF91hRzL
Alaska-born and former USA figure skater Keegan Messing has a terrific performance https://t.co/anTjHQLoYU
The Korean crowd is going crazy for their own, Junhwan Cha - who has such a beautiful feel for music and a lovely skate to watch https://t.co/Dw4e4pA3rm
Just to punctuate what we just saw, @nathanwchen just did SIX quads in his long https://t.co/1wqSeSZNkT one has ever landed five, so this is the new Olympic record. #comeback
WOW. @nathanwchen just gave a lesson in athleticism and performance under pressure. So thrilled to have seen that amazing skate. https://t.co/qeVFbFee4c
A lifetime’s blood sweat and tears all laid out in just 4 minutes for the world to see. So great when an athlete skates his season best as Alexei Bychenko just did for Israel https://t.co/fJZVK8R6Tn
At the #Olympics2018 there are credentials and there are CREDENTIALS. Kiss and CRY has to be one of the rarest. https://t.co/3OPBdvaeWf
Defending Olympic champion Mikaela Shiffrin finishes her best event - slalom - out of medals contention. https://t.co/PnlTlkKqbf
RT @tvkatesnow: Watching slalom with @ChrisJansing #AlbanyGirls! #518 https://t.co/5MG4pZ7WWB
RT @ChrisJansing: @POTUS after FL shooting tells children “we will do anything to protect you”.  Note this: In February 2017 he quietly sig…
@POTUS after FL shooting tells children “we will do anything to protect you”.  Note this: In February 2017 he quietly signed a bill to roll back an Obama-era regulation that made it harder for people with mental illnesses to purchase a gun.
Sen Kamala Harris, former prosecutor talks bluntly about the autopsy photos she’s seen of murdered children - “...we have to have smart gun safety laws and we cannot tolerate a society and live in a country with any level of pride when our babies are being slaughtered. “
A teacher at Douglas HS says “we’re failing our children...and Congress is failing us” as Paul Ryan says "Right now I just think we need to take breathe and collect the facts", don't "just knee-jerk" on gun rights.
Sarah Sanders says the President will address the nation on the tragic shooting in Parkland, FL at 11am.
My interview w @chloekimsnow - she’s stoked, exhausted, and thinking about maybe “one or two” more Olympics. On #MSNBC this hour https://t.co/ZHLCl4JW9u
Chloe Kim just blew away the field in the Women’s Halfpipe - #fearlessandfierce. https://t.co/5wugwBHsO1
Lots of Stars and Stripes and cheers for #teamuusa at the women’s halfpipe https://t.co/eKWNCbW3HC
TUNE IN tomorrow as @TODAYshow goes live with my fab colleagues @SavannahGuthrie, @HodaKotb &amp; @AlRoker from #Pyeongchang for the #WinterOlympics – Only on #OlympicsTODAY https://t.co/vEtwluCQs5
I don’t know what you say about that performance by @tessavirtue and @ScottMoir except perfection https://t.co/yrErycBbtk
Well @Lesdoggg maybe you and your brother would kill each other on the ice the Shib Sibs just KILLED IT!! #TeamUSA https://t.co/5I2wn3kGni
She nailed it!!  @mirai_nagasu with a great Olympic skate. https://t.co/T22uJEdibl
Over decades I’ve been lucky to interview many great Olympians - watching @Adaripp skate just now was gorgeous.  AMAZING guy from a very cool family. https://t.co/zPA2ajes0J
The Kiss Cam at the skating arena just got a couple from USA - one had an American flag - the other a Philadelphia Eagles blanket! https://t.co/1lwOQCBHib
Skating as “Olympic Athlete from Russia” Evgenia Medvedeva - as a result of worst doping scandal in Olympic history. She finished the short program in 1st place https://t.co/dq8x8nsg3B
I wasn’t sure how I’d like the Olympians skating to sung lyrics but Carolina Kostner of Italy paired with Celine Dion was gorgeous https://t.co/72Xe6ByOa9
It’s lovely to see an athlete skate as beautifully in her home country as Dabin Choi of Korea just did. https://t.co/8pV1PJBa9Z
Spoiler Alert!!!  USA’s Bradie Tennell skates her personal best of the season in the team competition short program. https://t.co/AfAuQcckdI
A sea of red - North Korean cheerleaders waving unification flags pack the stands at the unified women’s hockey team -shouting “We are one!” - just the fresh image Kim Jong-in wants to project https://t.co/X5fLQE982m
WH confirms that 2nd staffer has resigned amid domestic abuse allegations. Speechwriter Davis Sorensen, however, denies ex wife ‘s claims that he was violent and emotionally abusive - claiming she victimized him - according to WashPo
Swiss and Austrian athletes posing with the Olympics mascots at the Seoul airport. https://t.co/p0VdWTSuPY
In a statement, NY AG Eric Schneiderman says that a federal appeals court has upheld a class action lawsuit settlement regarding Trump U - $25 million “ an even higher settlement than anyone originally anticipated.”
With 14.5 hours in the air to South Korea - say 7 for sleep - 3 for reading research - that still leaves movie time, folks. “Loving Vincent”? “Murder on the Orient Express”? Classic “Great Gatsby” ?? https://t.co/il9JWUsDSG
About to take off for the Olympics - should be on the ground in Seoul in 14 and a half hours. https://t.co/LuzJpyOcs1
Superstar of the Super Bowl is Lily Foles. Diggin’ the pink headphones. Plus dad is MVP
RT @kwelkernbc: It’s Rocky time! Let’s go Eagles! You got this! #FlyEagelsFly #SuperBowlLII
When the NFL team you’ve loved since childhood doesn’t win a single game it can make you bitter  - but even from the depths of fan despair I gotta admit this is one heckuva #Super Bowl
Mark Warner, Vice Chair of Senate Intel: “The release of this memo by House Intelligence Committee Republicans and the White House, over the objections of the FBI and the Department of Justice, is reckless and demonstrates an astonishing disregard for the truth.”
@chucktodd notes Nunes/House Intel first releasing excerpts of newly declassified memo to Fox and other friendly outlets adds to argument this is a partisan endeavor
President Trump refuses to answer whether he has confidence in Dep AG Rod Rosenstein, who’s supervising the Mueller investigation.
Trump: “I think it’s a disgrace what’s happening in this country” - describing why he declassified GOP memo adding, “A lot of people should be ashamed”
President Trump has approved the declassification of House Republican memo over objections of FBI and other intel/law enforcement. Waiting for House Intel to release.
Update on injuries when train carrying GOP collided w garbage truck https://t.co/k23KURUMRU
The train taking GOP lawmakers, staff and families to retreat is an AMTRAK train but chartered just for them - no members of the public.  People on board say those w medical training are tending to the injured.
It wasn't just Republican members of Congress on the train that was in an accident but spouses and children as well.  Not clear what will happen next to get folks to W VA for the retreat.
@RepCurbelo confirms to @MSNBC the train carrying GOPers to retreat has been in an accident - a few minor injuries. Train hit garbage truck;  reports are that driver appears to be okay.  "It could have been a lot worse"-Curbelo
More than an hour and 20 minute long speech is short on details -- and a call for bi-partisanship without words or a prescription for achieving it
34 minutes into SOTU Trump makes major proposal for at least a trillion and a half dollars on infrastructure, promising "gleaming" new roads, highways, bridges and waterways.
SOTU line explains why many conservatives have stayed w Trump and why record # of Dems are running:  "..we are appointing judges who will interpret the Constitution as written...we are defending our Second Amendment and have taken historic actions to protect religious liberty."
Members of the Congressional Black Caucus remain seated when the President talks about the low black unemployment rate; fact checkers point out the rate has been in steady decline for about the last seven years.
Trump:  "The State of our Union is strong because our people are strong"
@POTUS is entering the chamber, shaking hands, First Lady standing and clapping, the speech is loaded and the Teleprompter is warmed up.
Hillary Clinton, just before the SOTU, says if she had to do it again, she would have fired an employee for sexual harassment	https://t.co/aX5tdgEzi0
@washingtonpost reports FBI director and deputy AG went to argue to COS John Kelly not to release the memo alleging FBI abuses in the Russia probe.  They argued it's a dangerous precedent
It's the first State of the Union for Donald Trump, with the Russia investigation ever-present and record low approval ratings. What will we get from a President known for breaking norms?
Sean Spicer on @MSNBC - he doesn’t regret taking Press Sec’y job but “I regret things that I did that brought embarrassment to myself, my family, friends of mine who have been very big supporters, where I said, hey, that was a self-inflicted wound, I screwed up.”
BREAKING NEWS:  Andrew McCabe has stepped down - effective today - as deputy director of the FBI amid ongoing and escalating attacks against the agency by the President and Republican allies.  Trump - asked about it by Press pool - didn’t respond.
John Legend and Tony Bennett just did the ever-so-briefest a cappella of New York New York and it was 30 seconds of perfection #Grammys
In Davos, Trump calls NYTimes story that he wanted to fire special prosecutor Robert Mueller “fake news”.
The NYTimes reports that Pres Trump ordered special prosecutor Robert Mueller fired last June but backed down when the WH counsel threatened to quit. In August Trump told NBC  he would not dismiss Mueller, “I haven’t given it any thought," Trump said.
And so - just a short time after Pres Trump told reporters that he was willing and eager to be interviewed by Robert Mueller UNDER OATH  -    his lawyer, Ty Cobb, tells the NYTimes Trump spoke “hurriedly” and off the cuff &amp; meant only to say he’d meet w them.
BREAKING IMMIGRATION NEWS:   	TRUMP  says Dreamers should get legal status &amp; he’s open to path to citizenship in 10-12 years.  Wants $25 billion for the Border wall
BREAKING:  Trump says he IS willing talk to Mueller under oath. No Date yet but his lawyers tell him 2 to 3 weeks. Also says he doesn’t remember asking then acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe who he voted for
Major developments in Russia investigation incl exclusive @NBCNews - Flynn's FBI interview 1/24/17 wasn’t known to POTUS or WH  officials and set in motion an extraordinary sequence of events unparalleled for the first year of a presidency.  https://t.co/Wr6UAsZV1h
From @KenDilanianNBC  Former FBI director James Comey was interviewed by Robert Mueller’s team late last year, a source close to him tells NBC News.  The focus of the interview was the memos he wrote about his interactions with President Trump, the source says.
Just now in the Oval Office, Trump said he’s not worried about what Jeff Sessions may have told the FBI - after we learned today Sessions was questioned for hours by Mueller’s team
Finally!  Oscars nominate Jordan Peele and Greta Gerwig for Best Director.
While Senators get ready to vote - VP Pence is far away in Jerusalem telling the AP that reports  an adult film star had an affair with President Donald Trump are “baseless allegations.”
McConnell follows Schumer to announce a deal has been struck and claims victory -  that immigration  fight was no reason to shut down the government
Chuck Schumer on Trump and negotiations over the weekend:  “The great deal-making President sat on the sidelines”
Our team on Cap Hill reports there are enough votes to reopen the government @kasie
GOP Sen Kennedy’s take on shutdown “I think ardent Republicans probably think the Republicans are winning and ardent Democrats think the Democrats are winning and everybody else in America’s kind of wondering how some folks up here made it through the birth canal.”
Live drama on the Senate floor where the vote that could reopen the government could start in minutes.
The SUPER BOWL is set. New England Patriots to face off against Philadelphia Eagles on February 4
There will be a noon vote in Senate tomorrow for short term budget resolution to keep gov’t operating until February 8 w plan to work on immigration in interim.  But Senate adjourns for tonight w no deal
RT @KellyO: We all stayed late to hear no deal.  Momentum hopes dashed.
@1coastwriter Olooollllllllllooooollollollllllollllllllllllllllllloll
OMB Director Mick Mulvaney: “I found out for the first time last night that the person who technically shuts the government down is me, which is kind of cool.”
The Senate has failed to advance legislation to keep the government funded, with just over an hour until the midnight shutdown is set to take effect.
OMB Director Mick Mulvaney rejects idea that GOP - controlling the House, Senate, and WH - is responsible for bill to fund government caking it the “Schumer Shutown”; in 2013 Trump said this was the President’s responsibility.
President Trump ends his 1st year in office with 39% job approval in new NBC News/WSJ poll — the lowest mark in the poll’s history for any modern president ending his first year. 57%  disapprove of Trump’s job, including a majority — 51% — who now say they strongly disapprove.
Sen. Jeff Flake compares President Trump's attacks on the press to those of Stalin. "We are in an era in which the authoritarian impulse is reasserting itself, to challenge free people and free societies, everywhere"
“I don’t know where that guy went”. Lindsey Graham talking about the President who presented himself as compassionate on immigration - while questioning DHS sec’y
Read and reply: is this justice?  Do you feel safer?	https://t.co/PExiuxh5Wm
WashPo reports Sen Cotton and Perdue did hear racist profanity from Trump: s***house instead of s*hole so first “couldn’t remember” then allowing them to make denials on national TV - using semantics - and they trashed Durbin’s account
Simone Biles in #metoo post: “I've felt a bit broken and the more I try to shut off the voice in my head the louder it screams. I am not afraid to tell my story anymore. I too am one of the many survivors that was sexually abused by Larry Nassar” the predatory doc now in prison
Trump signs MLK Jr proclamation and ignores questions on comments about “s***hole countries” and “Do we need more Haitians?”
Worth noting as Trump says US needs more immigrants from places like Norway, that country has steady immigration, incl Pakistanis, Sri Lankans, Somalis and Iraqis
Waiting for @POTUS for MLk Jr proclamation - we’ll see if he addresses the horrific comments in the Oval Office
Sen Durbin says Sen Graham courageously “spoke up and made a direct comment” responding to Trump’s s***hole comments in the Oval Office meeting.   Graham has yet to react publicly
Rep Diaz-Balart was in the Oval - doesn’t deny — or condemn — POTUS remarks on s***hole countries. Sen Flake says people in the room immediately after meeting confirmed “abhorrent and repulsive” comments
Sen Durbin on Trump s***hole countries comments: “The most disheartening thing for me is that this is the first time words that hateful have been spoken in the Oval Office”
Sen Durbin, who was in the room, confirms Trump’s s***hole countries comments saying Trump “said hateful things and he said them repeatedly”
Fact check:  Cancelling trip to London, Trump blames an Obama-era decision to move embassy - but it was actually made by the Bush administration. Decision follows reports there would be massive protests
Trump tally to consider: reports of racist statement on s—hole countries not denied by WH (preferring Norwegian immigrants)- he said some KKK &amp; white supremacists are “very fine people” and belittled Muslim Gold Star parents
Quinnipiac poll:  Trump gets 36% job approval rating, 63% say he’s not honest, 59% say he does not have good leadership skills; 59% that he does not care about average Americans	·
Trump calls the Russia investigation a "Democratic hoax" that has put a "phony cloud" over his Administration.
After confusing statements with Congressional leaders yesterday, Trump says he won't sign any immigration deal that doesn't include funding for a wall...
Steve Bannon out at Breitbart- one day after a WH spokesman said “I don’t believe there’s any way back” in his relationship with Trump
How can you not love Frances McDormand?  She was great in “Three Billboards” which just scored a huge upset for best movie - drama
Reese Witherspoon thanks everyone who broke their silence this year. “You are so brave”
Leave it to @Oprah to give a perfect speech for our time about opportunity and equality for all — and making her historic award about something greater than herself. Bravo!
I’ve been in a lot of indies and it’s nice to be in a movie people see - hilarious and true from Sam Rockwell #goldenglobes
Yeah, Seth Meyers went there mentioning both Harvey Weinstein and Kevin Spacey.
Seth Rogen joke “Hey, remember when he was the guy making trouble with North Korea?” - Seth Meyers/Golden Globes
RT @ElizLanders: Tidbit: Chief of Staff John Kelly told reporters that he had *not* seen the president's tweets yet from this morning- we r…
Trump again denies wrongdoing w Russia:    Everything I've done is 100 percent proper. That is what I do, is I do things proper."
Steve Bannon says there's zero chance Don Jr didn't walk people in Russia meeting to his dad's office in Trump Tower - POTUS says "Steve was a staffer who worked for me after I had already won the nomination"
WH doubling down against "Fire and Fury book" w. Sarah Sanders calling it "trashy tabloid fiction" - though sources are named and absolutely had access at highest levels
SCATHING Trump statement reacting to new "Fire and Fury" book.  Says Steve Bannon "has nothing to do with me or my presidency," 	"When he was fired, he not only lost his job, he lost his mind."
Less than a year in-  today marks Trump’s 85th day at a golf club and his 111th day at a Trump property - NBC
On day after Christmas @POTUS golfing w Georgia's Sen. David Perdue, PGA tour player Bryson DeChambeau, and former PGA golfer Dana Quigley.
Trump said there'd be a news conference today but it was a victory lap on taxes; press kept half a football field away per @PeterAlexander No q&amp;a
From @frankthorp @SenFranken spokesperson says Franken plans to resign on January 2 and Senator-Designate Tina Smith sworn in on January 3.
Orrin Hatch calls Trump "one heck of a leader" and Paul Ryan praises “exquisite presidential leadership.”
Trump on tax cut:   "It's a lot of fun when you win".   Experts say the wealthy will benefit most.
@realDonaldTrump surrounded by GOP members of Congress about to celebrate his single legislative victory - the tax bill
@realDonaldTrump invited a bipartisan group of members of Congress to WH to watch the "Darkest Hour," the new Churchill Movie tonight; a social gathering but taxes could come up.
New NBC poll:  48% “strongly disapprove” of Trump’s job-outnumbering those who say they “strongly approve” (24%) by a 2-to-1 margin.
Moore’s people apparently heading to Sec’y of State’s Office for vote details but as we know them: Jones +1.5% and recount only for &lt;.5%.
Roy Moore quoting Scripture and counseling patience “let this process play out” and says votes still coming in.
Roy Moore campaign not conceding defeat - talking about uncounted military ballots and a recount. “It’s not over”- Moore
The exit polls should be sobering for Trump - now at under 50% in a state he won overwhelmingly. 10 of 67 counties flipped from red to blue.
Trump tweets congrats to Jones: “The write-in votes played a very big factor, but a win is a win” Translation: huge loss in deep red US
Dems now eying their improved chances of taking control of Senate in 2018
Doug Jones:”This campaign has been about the rule of law”
An ebullient Doug Jones in the most unlikely victory in the reddest of states - celebrating Senate upset on what’s also his 25th anniversary
Brutal statement from Senate Leadership Fund: Steve Bannon cost us a critical Senate seat and dragged the President into his fiasco.”
NBC News calls Dem Doug Jones the apparent winner over Roy Moore. Big losers: Trump and Bannon and the MAGA agenda.
@gabegutierrez reports Moore HQ deflated. A few supporters are making their way to the exits.
Alabama Senate remains too close to call.  There is higher turnout in Jones strongholds than there is in Moore strongholds.
RT @MeetThePress: EARLY AL EXITS: 59% say allegations against Moore were a factor in their vote #MTPDaily
Senators Kirsten Gillibrand and Jeff Merkley among Democrats calling for Trump to resign because of allegations of sexual harassment
https://t.co/ZpVb3E0ULI
"I can't pursue the Ethics Comm process" and serve well as Senator.  @SenFranken
@SenFranken says he will resign in the coming weeks...noting irony that a man who has bragged on tape about sexual assault sits in the Oval Office
@SenFranken says serving in Senate has been honor of his life and believes NOTHING he has done has brought dishonor on institution.
@alfranken NOW on Senate floor...saying accusations left him "shocked and upset" &amp; while "all women deserve to be heard" his pause "gave some people the false impression that I had done things I didn't do"
@berniesanders calling for @alfranken to resign: "We are now at a crossroads in American culture... And it is an important one has been abysmal in almost every way. We are finally addressing the issue of sexual harassment, and we need to get it right."
@realDonaldTrump on decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital, upending decades of US policy: "This is nothing more or less than a recognition of reality. It is also the right thing to do. It's something that has to be done."
“Old challenges demand new approaches”:  @realDonaldTrump recognizes Jerusalem as Israel’s capital.
@realDonaldTrump in advance of his announcement to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel "It's long overdue"
@KamalaHarris AND @PattyMurray joing the four other women Senators who have called for @SenFranken to resign
There are 4 women Senators calling for Franken to resign including Hassan who sayd he "engaged in a pattern of egregious and unacceptable behavior toward women."
Sen @SenGillibrand calls for @alfranken to resign to send "a clear message that any kind of mistreatment of women in our society isn't acceptable" @clairecmc @maziehirono too
Time Magazine’s Person of the Year is “The Silence Breakers” - the brave people who started a movement against accepting sexual harassment
Stock market dropping following word of Michael Flynn guilty plea even as tax reform  heads into -potentially- the final stretch
Michael Flynn just walked into the federal courthouse where he will plead guilty to lying to FBI about Russia; ignores shouted questions
Tough to overstate the access Flynn had in campaign and as National Security Advisor and so his value to Mueller’s Russia investigation
BREAKING:  a plea hearing for Michael Flynn at 10:30 a.m.- for lying to the FBI in the Mueller investigation - according to court docs
Announc’t confirms fever pitch speculation: The Prince of Wales is delighted to announce the engagement of Prince Harry to Ms. Meghan Markle
A blaze of lights across the highway leading into downtown Hanoi, welcoming world leaders to the APEC summit https://t.co/ADgGSGcqHR
WH says no formal meeting in Vietnam between Trump and Putin. @PressSec “there was never a meeting confirmed” &amp; there are schedule conflicts
Part of what the Chinese are calling a “State Visit Plus” for @POTUS https://t.co/hR7veBJry6
Re foiled DMZ trip: 	On Marine One with POTUS:	Gen Kelly. McMaster. SecTillerson Gen Brooks-planned before leaving DC. (Per pool)
Per WH pool-President Moon had already landed near DMZ. 	Sarah Sanders says Trump is disappointed and pretty frustrated - foiled by weather
@POTUS was going to make an unannounced visit to the DMZ — but five minutes out Marine One turned back because of bad weather
Trump on TX shooing: “Who would think a thing like this would ever happen?” &amp; “Fortunately, someone else had a gun”-civilian who fired back
Trump says TX shooting that killed 26 church-goers "isn't a guns situation" but “a mental health problem at the highest level”
Air Force tells NBC TX shooter was court-martialed in ‘12 for assaulting his spouse and child -got bad conduct discharge; 1 yr confinement
Air Force in TX shooter: Record checks confirm Devin P. Kelly was previously a USAF member, Holloman AFB, NM, from 2010 until his discharge.
Obama:  “May God also grant all of us the wisdom to ask what concrete steps we can take to reduce the violence and weaponry in our midst.”
@SenRandPauI injuries in attack worse than 1st thought incl 3 displaced fractures “caused by high velocity severe force”- in severe pain
TX officials:  shooter was dressed in all black tactical gear - unclear whether he was shot or killed hmalednn
Officials say in addition to 26 killed inside the TX church, 20 are hurt  from minor to very severe injuries; ages 5 to 72.
Governor Abbott says 26 killed in TX church shooting
Wilson Co Sheriff On TX shooting:	approx 25 killed; shooter is among the dead - no motive or clear number of injured.
Not yet 5am in Tokyo - waiting for WH statement on mass shooting in Sutherland Springs TX Baptist Church - many dead &amp; at least 15 injured
@POTUS praising US troops on the ground in Japan “Natuons are built on the courage and sacrifice of patriots like you” https://t.co/EKQ24ll7eN
On AF One Trump says he’ll meet with Putin while in Asia and won’t comment on George HW Bush calling him a blowhard
@POTUS gets a gift as he arrives at Yakota Air Base outside Tokyo https://t.co/6wdkntMQuF
About to leave Joint Base Andrews for the President’s trip to Asia  w @HallieJackson @PeterAlexander destination Tokyo -@KellyO in Hawaii!! https://t.co/juTNT4WtYf
WashPo poll:  49% believe Trump has likely committed a crime; 58% approve of how Mueller is handling the Russia investigation
Manafort &amp; Gates in court: trials to begin about April-- bail hearing 9:30a Monday - both home confined w/ GPS until hearing next week
@PeteWilliamsNBC reports NY suspect described as smug, unrepentant and proud - offering police zero cooperation - he’s in hospital
Officials say suspect had been planning NY attack for weeks and had been online getting ISIS propaganda.
NY officials say they didn’t get a call from President Trump after attack but two Sr officials did call and offer help
NYC suspect hadn’t been target of NYPD or FBI investigation but could “have connectivity” to those who are/were
Suspect in NY terror attack seems to have “followed, almost to a T” exactly how ISIS says on social media to carry out an attack like this
NY officials repeatedly reminding anyone in the city, if you See Something, Say Something — anything that makes you uncomfortable -report it
NY’s stepped up security for Marathon will include more rooftop observers, snipers, sand trucks, emergency services personnel.
Gov Cuomo:  This is not a time to find blame. This is a time to come together
Governor says security presence will be doubled at NY airports, tunnels, Penn Station- as a precaution
NY officials say Sunday’s Marathon will go on with 50,000 runners, 2.5 million spectators expected; security will be stepped up.
Mayor on terror attack: “As an effort to break our spirit it failed....This was an effort to make us blink and we won’t blink”
Mayor on NYers going about business as usual: “No one thought there was any choice but to stand up to this act of terror”
NY briefing on terror attack: 20 victims incl 8 deaths, 9 still hospitalized and 4 critically injured including an amputation.
WNBC reports six dead and 15 injured when truck drove into pedestrians in NYC.   Deliberate - suspect hospitalized. Police update in 40 min
Sarah Sanders say Papadopoulis had "no activities in an official capacity" re: his guilty plea about lying re: meeting on Russia dirt on HRC
Sanders tries to argue Papadopoulis was unimportant in campaign -had very little role but photo shows him at table w Trump Ntl Security mtg
"Today's announcement has nothing to do with the President" or his campaign - Sarah @PressSec again Clinton campaign colluded
@KenDilanianNBC -indictment allege Manafort/Gates paid to secretly lobby for Russian-backed political figure in Ukraine &amp; lied about it.
Among 12 charges against Manafort: conspiracy against the US, conspiracy to launder money, and unregistered agent of a foreign principal
POTUS says the Trump-Russia connection is phony but his former campaign manager is to turn himself in under indictment
BREAKING: A senior U.S. official tells NBC News that Paul Manafort and Rick Gates have been told to surrender to law enforcement today.
Mexican media and politicians are disputing Trump claims that candidates wear 'Make Mexico Great Again' hats, one calling it “a big fat lie”
McConnell takes to the floor now calling Flake "a very fine man" of "high principles"
"I have children and grandchildren to answer to, and so Mr. President, I will not be complicit and silent" -part of Flake's searing critique
Trump's conduct is "dangerous to our democracy"  Despotism loves a vacuum and our allies are looking elsewhere for leadership - FLake
@JeffFlake -- "I regret the compromise of our moral authority" -  decries the "casual undermining of our Democratic ideals"
Extraordinary moment in the Senate Chamber:  @JeffFlake says it's "profoundly misguided" to say nothing about Trump's behavior
BREAKING: Sen Flake to AZ Republic "there may bot be a place for a Republican like me" in the current Trump climate; wont run for reelection
Cari Beauchamp – Discussing the Weinstein scandal and Lupita Nyong’o’s op-ed in The NY Times 	Snappy link: https://t.co/goT9yjgIha
Though video shows Gen Kelly's claims about a Congresswoman''s speech were wrong Sanders suggests not getting into it w a 4 Star General
@PressSec  It is unfortunate if the spirit of the President's comments to Sgt LaDavid Johnson's family ""were misunderstood"
NBC's @frankthorp confirms r Mitch McConnell has told his conference to plan to work the entire week, not just 4 days w so much to get done
Any minute now:  President Trump will answer questions in the Rose Garden after that impromptu, controversy-inducing presser yesterday
The Dow has hit 23,000 for the first time on record - it registered 22,000 back on August 2.
@SenatorCollins to stay in Senate/not run for Gov.  I am a congenital optimist and believe that Congress can – and will – be more productive
Gen Kelly says Chief-of-Staff is the hardest job he's ever had but the most important - he’s not quitting or firing anyone today or tomorrow
As allegations extend to rape, Harvey Weinstein's fmr board commits to assist w/	"our full energies in all criminal or other investigations"
Must Read: Incredibly important story by @RonanFarrow 	https://t.co/afo9lW36N1
Trump losing support in all 50 states - Morning Consult Poll shows  TN down 23 points /MS -21 /KY - 20 / KS  -19 and IN -17 points
@POTUS says Tillerson moron comment fake news "but if he did/we'll have to compare IQ tests. And I can tell you who is going to win"-Forbes
Ivana says as Trump's 1st wife she's First Lady - Melania's office calls the comments "...attention seeking and self-serving noise.”
Dems' Dreamer deal dead:  NBC has documents showing Trump would give Dems DACA deal in exchange for the Wall - Schumer and Pelosi are a no
Weinstein Company Board:   "In light of new information about misconduct by Harvey Weinstein [he] is terminated, effective immediately."
Pence leaves Colts/49ers game:  @POTUS and I will not dignify any event that disrespects our soldiers, our Flag, or our National Anthem
At briefing,Sarah Sanders sheds no light on what President Trump meant when he said, "calm before the storm" surrounded by military leaders
I don't want to get too excited too early in the playoffs, but I just stubbed my toe jumping up-and-down on that last Indians play- up  3-0
Tim Murphy, married, GOP anti-abortion Congressman who urged girlfriend to end pregnancy - has resigned - had planned to serve until 2018
So NRA OK with new regulations on bump stocks but not new laws AND want Congress to pass national concealed carry
NRA rejects new legislation after Las Vegas; calls for ATF to review devices allowing semi-automatics 2 function like fully-automatic rifles
Pro-life Rep Tim Murphy won't seek re-election after reports he asked his mistress to have abortion &amp; will "take personal time to seek help"
Shooter's girlfriend says when he sent her out of town wired her money, she thought he wanted to break up -not that he planned mass murder.
Lawyer's statement for shooter's girlfriend:  never said anything or took any action suggesting something horrible like this
Daylight reveals broken widows where gunman killed and maimed hundreds; FBI interviewing girlfriend asking WHY? https://t.co/RSgBi17xHj
Tillerson says he's not from DC - no, he was CEO of major company who surely understands impact of NOT denying he called POTUS a moron
Tillerson says he hasn't talked to the President this morning - though the presser does seem aimed at sending Trump a message
Tillerson doesn't deny he called President Trump a moron, saying, "I'm not going to deal with petty stuff like that...petty nonsense"
Tillerson says it is wrong that he never considered quitting - and VP didn't have to convince him to stay
Rex Tillerson praised Trump "America First" agenda and foreign policy goals "break the mold" on what is achievable
Waiting to hear from Sec'y of State Tillerson after NBC reporting that he was on verge of quitting this summer and called Trump "a moron"
Just one of the many makeshift memorials to the victims in Las Vegas; officials now say 59 dead includes the shooter https://t.co/aQPEycxT3q
In a search of Stephen Paddock's home investigators found 18 more firearms, several thousand rounds of ammo and explosives
Las Vegas officials up the horrific count from the shooting:  59 now dead and 527 injured
Las Vegas Police:  An Estimated 406 People Transported to Hospitals, 50 Dead
Heading to Vegas with "in excess of 50" people killed and 200+ injured in mass shooting.
Playboy founder Hugh Hefner has died of natural causes at 91.
Asked if he'd fire HHS's Tom Price over using private jets paid for by taxpayers @realDonaldTrump says "We'll see"
HHS Sec'y Price could be in trouble for his use of private jets for gov't biz.  Trump: "I'm not happy about it.  I'm going to look at it. "
Speculation over:  @SenBobCorker- who said Trump lacks the competence to lead the nation - announces he won't run for re-election.
Without the votes to pass it, Senate GOP won't vote on the Graham-Cassidy bill, putting an end to latest Obamacare repeal effort.
Trump on Puerto Rico:  We are unloading on an hourly basis massive amounts of food and water and supplies. "We're doing a great job"
Trump says US it "totally prepared" for military option against North Korea but "not the preferred option"
Trump says he wasn't preoccupied with NFL situation, "I was ashamed of what was taking place"
Trump  NFL distracting from Puerto Rico crisis?  NFL is "a very important situation. I have a lot of time on my hands and all I do is work"
Anthony Weiner has been sentenced to 21 months in prison in sexting case -- low end of the sentencing guidelines.
Oh my!!  22 is now every Indians fan's favorite number. (Until it's 23). In a nail-biter the Tribe keeps the record-breaking streak going!
RT @FiveThirtyEight: Even after 21 straight wins, there’s evidence that the Cleveland Indians have underperformed — which is nuts. https://…
3 sources tell NBC  Schumer and Pelosi will have dinner at the WH w/ President Trump tonight to talk DREAM Act, healthcare &amp; fall deadlines
@HillaryClinton on @TODAYshow " I think the determining factor was the intervention by Comey on October 28th"  I'll have more @MSNBC at 9am
We all remember where we were; for some, remembering 9/11 is every day.	https://t.co/71G6dUfAZb	#NeverForget
Ntl Hurricane Center update: LOWER FLORIDA KEYS IN THE EYE OF IRMA...Key West just measured sustained winds 71 mph and gust to 90 mph
While I was reporting on #HurricaneIrma this morning my friends were already out walking for breast cancer. #cure https://t.co/UtT8bchCLr
Worth a read:  https://t.co/WCcxtTUfU4
Gov Scott to people in evacuation zone:  leave now. Not in an hour. "It's here"
@CapehartJ Countless fond memories there!
@POTUS on Hurricane Irma:  "We are prepared at the absolute max. Hopefully it's going to go well."
Gov Scott: Expect major hurricane impacts with daily storm surge and life threatening winds along the entire East &amp; West coasts.
Gov Scott on evacuations  "You HAVE to do it.  You have to keep your family safe.  You can rebuild your home.  You cannot rebuild your life"
Memo urges DACA recipients to proactively seek travel documentation—or apply for other immigration benefits for which they may be eligible.
DHS says DACA recipients should "use the time remaining on their work authorizations to prepare for and arrange their departure from the US"
Mattis outside West Wing following No Korea Nuke tests:  Any threat against the US will be met with a massive response.
2+ months after resigning today was Sean Spicer's last at the WH; he praised "...the amazing team the President has assembled"
The need for volunteers is going to continue for years -- FEMA director
Fed officials:  30,000+ people in 230 shelters in TX but "...these aren't numbers, these are people"
As he heads to TX while Harvey is still wreaking havoc, Trump has that new low in Gallup weekly tracking poll: 35% approval, 60% disapproval
WH official tells NBC Sebastian Gorka resigned. Presumably a different official tells WH pool Gorka didn't resign but no longer works at WH
Joe Arpaio, who DOJ said engaged in racial profiling - tells NBC he feels vindicated by the Trump pardon
Pres Trump has granted a pardon to Joe Arpaio-convicted of contempt related to immigration crackdown. WH cited lifetime of public service.
From NBC Weather: Harvey a Cat 2 w 110mph  winds; expected to strengthen to a Cat today &amp; hurricane force winds in TX tonight between 8 &amp; 9
Trump largely sticking to prompter for the American Legion speech
"We are Americans and the future belongs to us...this is our moment, this is our chance..."
Trump doubles down - "They're trying to take away our culture" and our history..
Just guessing:  I don't think this speech as written was more than an hour long.
"Most people think I'm crazy to have done this.  And I think they're right. But I don't think any President has accomplished as much"
Trump keeps saying GOP needed one vote on healthcare.  It wasn't one vote.
While POTUS talks healthcare, I'm watching his speech  finishing off a can of Pringles from the hotel room mini-bar https://t.co/j3njjcPtDG
Trump now turns his disdain to the Senate saying "if we don't get rid of the filibuster rule" Republicans won't get anything done.
Trump again promising a Wall - "people voted for immigration control"	to keep drugs and radical Islamic terrorists out of the country
Trump says "Sheriff Joe can feel good" - teasing a pardon he won't announce tonight "because I don't want to cause any controversy"
Joe Arpaio faces up to six months in prison after being found guilty of criminal contempt or for what Trump just called "doing his job"
"I must tell you, FOX has treated me fairly"  He's also called out CNN, Washington Post, ABC -- hasn't yet mentioned Brietbart
Trump attacks the medis as liars while saying they're turning off the cameras (not true) and not showing the crowds (not true)...
Trump says reporters "Don't like our country"
Trump says the only people giving a platform to hate groups is the media and fake news.
Now blames the media for trying to take away "our history and our heritage....these are truly dishonest people...and bad people..."
Trump says he's smarter, richer and lives in a better apartment than the media who covers him.  Plus he lives in the White House.
Yes, Trump did just say "Poor Jeffrey Lord" -- who was fired after Sieg Heil tweet
"Can it be any better than that?" Trump asks of his Charlottesville statement.
Trump is referencing watching morning TV - insulting a host- says his speech reviews were good but upset about a Charlottesville question
Trump is reading his Saturday statement.  So far, he hasn't repeated the offensive "on both sides"
"You know where my heart is" - Trump
Now says the media lied -that he forcefully spoke out against the KKK and neo-Nazis.  He's about to go into an off-prompter riff
Long boos when Trump points to the back of the room and says "The very dishonest media..and I mean truly dishonest media"
"Our movement is a movement built on love" including Americans left behind -- his post-Charlottesville theme is inclusiveness and equality
Trump reminiscing:  "We went to center stage and never left" in the early days of the campaign
Trump enters and tells the crowd "There aren't too many people outside protesting"
Mike Pence intro'ing Trump in Phoenix going after "left wing activists and their allies in the media" claiming Trump's been keeping promises
Striking to see the front row with Trump's cabinet but no Bannon, Priebus or Spicer.  All left in the past a month.  Plus Scaramucci
In this rare  Presidential Address to announce a new strategy the President said he wasn't going to reveal details of that strategy
"Our support is not a blank check" - calls on Afghanistan to carry the burden, something their troops haven't been able to do
Trump warners killers have nowhere to hide and retribution will be fast and powerful.
Trump promises troops in the audience they will have the tools they need "to make this strategy work". Micro-management from DC doesn't win
"We are not nation-building again.  We are killing terrorists"
I am not going to say when we're going to attack but attack we will -  won't talk  about arbitraty  timetables or numbers of troops-Trump
"We will defeat them and we will defeat them handily".- Trump
Trump:   1- need an "honorable and enduring outcome" 2 - consequences of rapid exit are unacceptable 3- security threats are immense
Trump says his instinct was to pull out of Afghanistan - but "i studied Afghanistan in great detail" &amp; came to 3 conclusions
"The American people are weary of war without victory" - @realDonaldTrump "I share the American people's frustration"
Trump laying out Afghanistan strategy first calls for healing divisions within - divisions exacerbated by his comments on Charlottesville
On the roof. Midtown NY https://t.co/xBCBORkKAd
Low tech but AMAZING https://t.co/Dl66vdKbdP
I bet there are people out who haven't left their offices in daylight for years https://t.co/MDkbikFB8R
1 of the many reasons I love New York! Thousands of people lining the streets waiting for the eclipse. An experience! https://t.co/7bbsrkmzmc
In a lifetime as a Catholic I rarely remember black spirituals being sung but today "We Shall Overcome" was in Lee MA https://t.co/9Nit50b9WF
RT @MeghanMcCain: My father completed first round radiation/chemo. His resilience &amp; strength is incredible. Fight goes on, here's to small…
Democrats. Republicans. Can't everyone get along? https://t.co/Ms0UYz35vu
Pittsfield MA peaceful protest against hate https://t.co/tUXnB79zRD
Press Sec'y-Chief of Staff John Kelly and Steve Bannon have mutually agreed today would be Steve's last day.We are grateful for his service
STEVE BANNON IS OUT - Sr Trump Administration official
Shootout after terror attack: Police said it was  in response to the Barcelona terrorist attack. "We have killed the alleged perpetrators."
13 dead and 50 injured, some very seriously in Barcelona van attack...a suspect is in custody and being treated as a terrorist
"This is confirmed terrorist attack. We have activated protocol for terrorist attacks." - Police in Barcelona after massive van crash
Barcelona police pointing to terrorism in van attack: cannot confirm a motive but they believe the incident to be intentional.
In Barcelona police say there is an "ongoing search for the person who carried out the massive ramming" -dead and injured after van crash
40% in new poll support impeachment of President Trump -- up 10% in 6 months but w a big divide: 72% of Dems, 38% Independents, 7% of GOP
... as our President -- please fix this. History is watching us all.”
...from some of the most racist and hate-filled individuals and groups in our country.  For the sake of our Nation..(2/3)
Sen Graham to Trump:  "... because of the manner in which you have handled the Charlottesville tragedy you are now receiving praise from...
GOP Jewish Coalition:  We join in calling upon President Trump to provide greater moral clarity rejecting racism, bigotry, and antisemitism
Trump says he ended his biz advisory councils. Chase's CEO says the President's Strategic &amp; Policy Forum agreed to disband themselves
After Campell's and 3M CEOs are latest to resign, Trump faces inevitable -ending both the Manufacturing Council &amp; Strategy &amp; Policy Forum
....a society that can live with its conscience (2/2)
MLK Monument: We must come to see that the end we seek is a society at peace with itself.... https://t.co/FaJO8d90Ps
I’m black. Robert E. Lee is my ancestor. His statues can’t come down soon enough. - The Washington Post https://t.co/Sga0UIbzZS
Today one of the things that comes to mind is the casket of Emmett Till, at the Smithsonian https://t.co/AUt3OnXKYv
NBC @SRuhle: A Sr WH official says Trump wasn't supposed to answer any questions today but faced with reporters questions he "went rogue".
...every day, strives to fight against everything white supremacists and Nazis stand for.
VoteVets: What Donald Trump said today is not worthy of the title Commander in Chief. Not when our military....
AFL-CIO's Trumpka steps down from WH Council: "We cannot sit on a council for a President who tolerates bigotry and domestic terrorism."
2- Unequivocal condemnation is the only course for KKK, white supremacists, neo-Nazis.  There is no "both sides"
1- When the President says "very fine people on both sides" did he mean people chanting the Nazi slogan "blood and soil"?
When the President spoke of Charlottesville reading TelePrompTer- fine. Speaking extemporaneously he gives cover to racism &amp; anti-Semitism
Trump "You had a lot of people who were there to innocently protest. There are two sides to the story."  This was a racist protest. 2 sides?
Trump on his relationship with AG Sessions:  "It’s fine, it is what it is. It’s fine."
Trump says Bill Clinton was "weak and ineffective" on North Korea and Obama "didn't even talk about it"
Trump in NJ:  North Korea better get their act together or they're going to be in trouble the way few nations have ever been in trouble.
Trump on North Korea: They should be very nervous - Kim Jong-un has been pushing the world around for a very long time.
Trump now says opioid crisis IS a national emergency and he's going to have the papers drawn up - his task force asked for that
Trump asked -What would be tougher than fire and fury?  "We'll see, we'll see"...says he doesn't telegraph moves like other administrations.
Trump on criticism of threatening "fire and fury" says "maybe it wasn't tough enough," and it's time someone "stuck up for the country"
New NOAA report shows 2016 was the 3rd straight hottest year on record &amp; the highest carbon dioxide concentrations in about 800,000 years.
Beautifully written, Josh https://t.co/GeYtPuei3W
Jimmy Carter says harsh rhetoric has exacerbated an already confrontational relationship between US and No Korea
@BernieSanders on Trump fire&amp;fury: bombastic&amp; inappropriate"considering the possibility of a nuclear war that could kill millions of people"
James Mattis statement: North Korea should not consider actions that would lead to the end of its regime and destruction of its people
Sen Ron Johnson's suggestion that McCain's health care no vote was related to brain tumor is "bizarre and deeply unfortunate"-McCain spkmn
VICE News reports that Trump gets a folder 2X a day filled with positive news about himself-sometimes just TV shots of him looking powerful.
Trump promises No Korea threats will be met w/ "fire and fury" after they created miniaturized nuclear weapon to fit in its missiles
Sunset over the Hudson New York City https://t.co/UXaSXQK9Ke
Can you name this beach?  Flying into LaGuardia from Cleveland - the view of sunbathers on a summer afternoon https://t.co/SL8uYQDZQS
Team USA:  JUSTIN GATLIN  has won the 100 meters at the World Championships - JAMAICA'S USAIN BOLT finished third
AG Sessions:  Prevention is what is required.  An investigation of a leak is too late.
Session says his office has tripled the number of leak investigations.
AG Jeff Sessions says - I have this message:  the department of justice is open for business and would-be leakers: don’t do it.
Breaking:  Wall Street Journal report says special counsel Mueller impanels  a D.C. grand jury in Russia probe
Press Sec'y admits POTUS didn't have phone calls w Mexico's Pres he said he did - but claims "conversation" took place.
Press Sec'y on @JeffFlake criticism:  He'd serve his constituents better if he focused less on writing a book &amp; more on passing legislation
Troubling #s for Trump, who ran as a populist: 59% in Q poll say he doesn't care about average Americans, 63% say doesn't share their values
More Q poll:  54% are embarrassed to have Trump as president, 57% believe he's abusing the powers of his office
New Q poll:  71% of voters say Trump is not levelheaded, 62% says Trump is not honest and 63% say he does not have good leadership skills.
Worst numbers yet for Trump: Quinnipiac poll has his approval rating at 33% -- down from a 40% approval rating on June 29th
Golf Magazine says President Trump - chatting with club members-called the White House "a real dump." A White House spokesperson denies it.
WH Opioid Commission interim report suggests Trump declare a national  emergency with 142 deaths a day--a toll equal to 9/11 every 4 weeks
Sanders says it's not complicated to understand why the President found Scaramucci's comments inappropriate - then why did it take 4 days?
Asked about POTUS denying chaos at the WH Sarah Sanders says "You want to see chaos come to my house with 3 pre-schoolers."
Sanders won't say if President regrets hiring Scaramucci. "Anthony and Gen Kelly came to a mutual agreement"
Sarah Sanders says the President thought Scaramucci's comments were out of line and he didn't want to "burden" Gen Kelly with that
Announcing new sanctions against Venezuela  - HR McMaster likens Maduro to Mugabe, Assad and Kim Jong-un
History: Jack Koehler was Reagan's Comms Director for only 11 days - asked to resign after the discovery he was part of a Nazi youth group
Clarification:  Anthony Scaramucci was announced as Comms Dir 10 days ago but only served for  6 days
Waiting to hear from Sarah Huckabee Sanders on the abrupt exit of Anthony Scaramucci - a mere 10 days after he started.
Hit pause:  Vietnam Army medic James McCloughan has just been awarded the Medal of Honor. It's good to remember selflessness and country 1st
From the shortest serving chief of staff to the shortest time ever for a Comms Director: Anthony Scaramucci is out
WH on Gen John Kelly replacing Reince Priebus: respected by everyone...	the entire Administration loves him and no one is comparable.
Scaramucci blames vulgar, profanity laced tirade on trusting a reporter; Trump blames healthcare loss on Senators voting no. See a pattern?
After a stunningly vulgar and brutal interview with the New Yorker, new WH Comms dir Scaramucci explains:  I sometimes use colorful language
Sanders: POTUS told national security team yesterday about transgender military decision -relevant committee members say they weren't told
WH Press Secretary says Sessions didn't meet with Trump while at WH today and they haven't spoken at all this week
WH says transgender ban's implementation "will have to be lawfully determined". Why not figure out the law/implementation 1st &amp; tweet later?
Scaramucci on Trump-Sessions “I think you have to look at the tweets and let the tweets stand for themselves" Predicts a resolution shortly
Kellyanne Conway declined to say whether the president has confidence in AG Sessions.  Why not just fire him?  “That’s up to the president.”
The ultimate inspiration:  SENATOR JOHN McCAIN TO RETURN TO THE UNITED STATES SENATE TOMORROW - Sen McCain's office
Before Boy Scouts Trump goes after Clinton for "not working hard enough" in election - Can his agenda go forward if he keeps looking back?
Trump sets up health care vote this way:  Will they side with Obamacare’s architects, "the Obamacare nightmare" or it’s forgotten victims?
Trump- trying to make a push for repeal and replace - calls Obamacare "A big fat ugly lie"
@kwelkernbc caught up w Sean Spicer "smiling ear-to-ear..he's looking forward to spending time with his family" and not sure what's next
Sarah Huckabee Sanders will take over as White House press secretary following Sean Spicer's resignation. She's been briefing recently
New WH Comms Dir Anthony Scaramucci dismisses premise of question about "righting the ship" says "the ship is going in the right direction"
Sean Spicer now says he is continuing his "service through August"
Sarah Huckabee Sanders to brief at 2 pm eastern -just hours after Sean Spicer quit
BREAKING:  Sean Spicer has quit as WH Press Secretary
A LOT of people bicycling around the D.C. monuments area tonight -clearly w different ideas than I have about handling 93 and high humidity
Pew: Since the election, 52% of Americans pay more attention to politics, 43% of  postgrad Dem women have gone to political event or protest
Pew Poll:  68%of Dems and Dem-leaning independents say it's stressful and frustrating to talk to people with different opinions of Trump
OJ Simpson heading back to his prison cell but on the date eligible, in October, he will be a free man
"We believe that we're a fair board" - as the Parole Board grants OJ Simpson parole 4-0
Bruce Fromong, victim of crime that put OJ in prison - speaks on his behalf  "He's a good man and I know he does a lot for other people"
Our family has stayed close through the nine years and "we just want him to come home" - Arnelle Simpson
A highly emotional Arenelle SImpson, OJ's 48 yr old daughter: "He's like my best friend and my rock"
On OJ's request to live in FL if paroled: "I could stay in Nevada, but I don't think you guys want me here."  And laughs.
"I've been recognized since I was 19 years old..and rarely have I had anyone give me any negative stuff..don't foresee any problem w public"
OJ says he's had a lot of requests for interviews but "I'm not interested in that" - just wants to spend time with family and friends
"I had some problems with fidelity in my life" - OJ
OJ admits he didn't go to AA as promised saying his agenda was full w Church, an anti-violence course and as commish of the baseball league.
OJ says he was a "good guy" before going to prison but realizes he "could have been a better Christian".
If OJ's lawyer told him to be succinct and simply accept responsibility for the parole board, he didn't listen.
"I only went there to retrieve my own property" - OJ on the crime that sent him to prison
Ivanka took lots of photos w robot competitors - ignored shouted questions as she returned to WH https://t.co/Du7aCIefuI
Ivanka Trump greeting the US, Afghan and Hungarian (my ancestral home!) robot teams as they did a tour of the WH https://t.co/mHDZgvpxGl
BREAKING NEWS HERE: https://t.co/95BwGBzJR2
Asked about Afghanistan troop levels Trump says  "We'll see. And we're doing very well against ISIS. ISIS is falling fast. Very fast."
AG Sessions says he plans to stay on in his current job, even after POTUS's harsh criticism for recusing himself from Russia investigation
WashPo analysis - At the six-month mark, President Trump’s tally stands at 836 false or misleading claims, an average of 4.6 claims a day.
Obama - on John McCain's brain cancer diagnosis:  "Cancer doesn't know what it's up against. Give it hell, John."
From our Cap Hill team- Fmr Obama Chief of Staff Denis McDonough just walked into a Senate Intelligence side room door to meet with staffers
Sen Mike Lee makes 4 GOP no votes on the health care bill. Chuck Schumer calls it "proof positive that the core of this bill is unworkable"
Writing “We should not put our stamp of approval on bad policy." --Sen Jerry Moran is against GOP healthcare -killing it in its current form
New Monmouth poll:  low 38% approval rating for President Trump and 41% favor impeachment - higher than for Nixon at start of Watergate
Trump Jr's lawyer says 6th person was a translator, but "We have been able to find no log or electronic record" with a name on it."
Bill Clinton with a much-needed show of bipartisan levity. https://t.co/3XB2OFIS3h
Trump Jr's lawyer now tells NBC that in addition to an ex-Soviet intel officer meeting with Manafort, Jr &amp; Kushner, there was a 6th person
Don Jr's lawyer: "It's very simple. The person was described as a friend of Emin 's and maybe as a friend of Natalia 's." Then why a secret?
Did Trump Jr., Manafort and Kushner all believe another person at the Russia meeting wouldn't come out? Don Jr said, "This is everything."
Despite Don Jr stating unequivocally- he told all about the meeting - NBC reports a fifth person was in the room, maybe w/Russian intel ties
Trump on Don Jr meeting:   Most people would have take that meeting.  It's called opposition research.   It's standard politics
Macron acknowledges after meeting w/ Trump "a number of disagreements" on Climate Accord but share "common goals" on many other topics
Trump in Paris "France is America’s first and oldest ally, a lot of people don’t know that" reminiscent of comments on Lincoln, a Republican
Pres Macron says Trump visit "important" - discussions ranged from trade to terrorism.
Habitat for Humanity International says Pres Carter was dehydrated working in the hot sun. President Carter told us he's okay .
Person close to Kushner confirms to NBC Kushner updated the list of foreign contacts on his federal disclosure form 3X, adding 100+  names.
CBC: Pres Carter-92- collapsed while working at a Habitat for Humanity house in Winnipeg &amp; taken to hospital - but says he now feels fine
Sen. Blumenthal  says "Jared Kushner ought to resign... he apparently concealed a meeting that is harmful to our national security."
FBI Nominee Wray on Comey-I cannot imagine a situation where as FBI director I would be giving a press conference on an uncharged individual
Top Intel Dem Adam Schiff:  "We cannot rely on anything the family says about contacts with the Russians" - revelations "deeply disturbing"
Sarah Huckabee Sanders reads statement from POTUS  "My son is a high quality person and I applaud his transparency"
MA Rep Jim McGovern on Trump meeting "It's bizarre, it's troubling and it's a little bit creepy"
When Ivanka was criticized for taking POTUS G20 seat - he leapt to her defense. Critics of Don Jr meeting have heard? Crickets. Not a tweet
McConnell statement: Senate delaying August recess by 2 weeks! "..to complete action on important legislative items" &amp; process nominees
VP Pence w no comment on meeting controversy; his office: "He is also not focused on stories about the campaign" esp b4 he joined campaign
Goldstone, setting up mtg -describes Natalia Veselnitskaya as  “Russian government attorney who is flying over from Moscow” for  the meeting
With an email saying the meeting is "part of Russia and gov't support for Mr. Trump" how does Manafort- in politics since '76-let it happen?
Don Jr's response to possible incriminating evidence from Russia on HRC: “If it’s what you say I love it especially later in the summer.”
Don Jr releases statement &amp; emails, indicating he knew of Russia's preference for Trump &amp; willingness to help &amp; provide dirt on Clinton
Donald Trump Jr lawyer on campaign meeting w Russian who claimed to have info on Clinton: "In my view, this is much ado about nothing."
GOP Sen Pat Toomey on Donald Trump Jr /Kushner/Manafort meeting with Kremlin-tied lawyer:  "That doesn't strike me as appropriate"
G20 ongoing - Trump meeting with Prime Minister of Singapore https://t.co/44BmlHlTJE
Large part of the Trump Putin meeting was about Syria
Tillerson: Putin &amp; Trump had so much to talk about they didn't want to stop- Melania was actually sent in but they talked for another hour
Tillerson: "The two leaders connected very quickly...a clear, positive chemistry" w/o a lot of "re-litigating the past"
Tillerson on No Korea: had "a pretty good exchange" with Russia but they "see it differently than we do"
Sec'y of State Rex Tillerson says Trump and Putin want to move forward from election hacking  calling it "an intractable disagreement"
Waiting for a US briefing on Trump-Putin meeting after the meeting lasted 2 hours &amp; 16 minutes.
After meeting w Mexico's Pres, Trump asked if he still thinks they should pay for the wall, he says "absolutely" a little under his breath
Absolutely crazy long lines near 30 Rock to see Ed Sheeran https://t.co/KPS3mxRZ6L
Int'l Business Times on resignation-Trying to hold companies to standards our administration isn't living up to created cognitive dissonance
Breaking news: Justice Department's Corporate Crime Watchdog Resigns, Saying Trump Makes It Impossible To Do Job
Read this:  https://t.co/O0CoomuoXD
@greta it was a great privilege to get to know you even a little. You are a total class act.
RT @greta: I am out at MSNBC -
Make no mistake. President Trump isn't just hitting new lows attacking Mika (&amp; he is)he's continuing a campaign against the First Amendment
More Quinnipiac poll: If a Senator or House member votes for the Republican plan, 46% of voters are less likely to support their reelection
3 polls on healthcare bill, one conclusion: NPR/PBS/Marist 17% approve  USA Today 12% -Quinnipic on replacement 16% approve, 58% disapprove
Time Mag spokesperson: The TIME magazine cover that's hanging in some of Donald Trump's golf clubs IS a fake &amp; Time asked it be taken down
John Thune: While the schedule may have slipped a little bit we are intent on rescuing Americans from a "failed system"
McConnell: we're still working toward getting this done - WH is anxious to help so hope all GOP members will visit w Trump this afternoon
Vote on health care bill delayed- setback for Trump. 	--all Republican senators have been invited to the WH at 4pm
BREAKING: CBO score on the Senate GOP health care plan coming out later this afternoon.
Trump on SC: "..a clear victory for our national security...[allowing] me to use an important tool for protecting our Nation's homeland.
The Supreme Court agrees to hear arguments on Pres. Trump's travel ban, allowing parts of it to take effect in the meantime
The Supreme Court has agreed to decide whether private businesses have the right to refuse to provide services for gay weddings
Sen Mark Warner on Trump tweet he has no tapes of Comey conversation:  This is not a game. The words the president  says matter.
It's a work night and the Trump rally clears out fast https://t.co/IkhsSN272x
Trump lingering onstage and soaking in the cheers as he continues to clap - seems reluctant to leave https://t.co/Id3Zm42RSZ
"You don't want me to leave and I don't want to leave either" Trump gets away from record low polls and an unrelenting Russia investigation
The official schedule had Trump on stage for maybe 45 minutes. He's past an hour now and the brief on-script start went away. Well away
Trump says his opponents need to learn to be positive.
Now Trump going after Hillary Clinton and the crowd shouts "Lock her up"
Trump talks about 2 years ago: "we came down the escalator and the place went nuts" and 17 people in debates and "never off center stage"
On Cohn &amp; Ross "I love all people. Rich or poor. But in those particular positions I just don't want a poor person. Does that make sense?"
Trump brings up the possibility of a solar wall "And this way Mexico will have to pay much less money" "pretty good imagination!"
News:  people coming to US won't be able to be on welfare for 5 years. Trump says legislation is coming. And so is the Wall
Trump says of crowd, "And I'm not even campaigning". But this is organized by campaign w campaign signs https://t.co/1B7berNHOW
Trump knows what fires up his most loyal base:  media attacks. "It is packed" but "they'll never show it". https://t.co/seIYNzt0vE
"Like hell it's non-binding" Trump on climate accord
Standing ovation when Trump says he pulled out of Paris Climate agreement https://t.co/oyGsiAwHT9
Trump predicts his biggest pieces of legislation are yet to come. Health care. Tax reform- cheers for getting rid of death tax.
Trump touting all kinds of energy including nuclear "I don't want to just hope the wind blows to light up your homes" https://t.co/NW051T1HRY
Trump seems to be going more off scripts - fired up by the crowd's reaction to what seem to be his off-prompter ad-libs.
We’re 5 and 0. And they thought they were going win at least 3.  The truth is people love us, all of us.  They haven’t figured it out yet.
Trump on Ossoff loss: "They spent close to 30 million dollars on this kid who forgot to live in the community he ran in"
"If we get it the way I want...(we'll get) massive tax cuts, the largest in the history of the United States"
Trump on complaints Obamacare hasn't been repealed: "I've been here 5 months!" Calls Democrats obstructionists.
Protesters escorted out of rally to boos and shouts of USA https://t.co/nsAklShJGe
Ovation for Pres Trump is deafening -talking to supporters they're incredulous people don't think he's a success https://t.co/xwwfI43wq8
Crowd now filling in - enthusiastic supporters but his approval under water here 42 approve to 49 disapproval https://t.co/jn92kY8IGq
Iowa GOP chair Jeff Kaufmann gets cheers for the GA victory- fires up Trump crowd with boos for media, Pelosi Schumer https://t.co/WvFtggEtm0
RT @GarrettHaake: Very cool. Capitol Police Officer Crystal Griner, just released from the hospital, to throw out 1st pitch at @CWSoftballG…
RT @GabbyGiffords: Wishing luck to my friends playing in the @CWSoftballGame tonight! Knock one out of the park for me! ⚾️ https://t.co/J4B…
Cedar Rapids Iowa waits for President Trump; expecting 9,000 but still seats available https://t.co/gKsEi0h9mB
NBC News projects Karen Handel, R, wins in GA 6
In the most expensive race in Congressional history -  Ossoff, Handel are in a Virtual Tie with half the vote counted in Georgia
Spicer confirms POTUS will make an announcement this week on whether conversations in the White House were taped.
Sean Spicer says he hasn't had a chance to ask the President whether he believes Russia interfered in the election.  Still hasn't asked.
Seven USS Fitzgerald Sailors previously reported missing were located in flooded berthing compartments - Navy IDs now show youngest just 19
In London a vehicle veered into a crowd outside a mosque. There are a "number of casualties". 1 arrest- not clear this is terrorism
Hospital update on Steve Scalise after another surgery: shows signs of improvement...is more responsive and is speaking with his loved ones.
Judge declares a mistrial in Bill Cosby case
Amazon says it plans to expand grocery share -buying Whole Foods for $13.7 billion; CNBC reports premarket drops for Wal-Mart &amp; Kroger
The judge has dismissed Bill Cosby jurors for the night. They've been deliberating for approximately 40 hours.
Another woman for the Dems @RepBarragan - gets a hit! Dems lead 11-2 https://t.co/R5JrJdaMZL
Thunderous applause for a woman on the Dem team: Linda Sanchez - and she gets a walk!! https://t.co/DkCGMTKNDR
Update from the park Democrats lead 7-2 https://t.co/ikfJ2DdK0R
All-American ballpark food https://t.co/2WTbl65jDb
The Dems go up 3-2 in the first https://t.co/B4yBkfRBJx
A bi-partisan standing ovation when the announcer mentions Steve Scalise https://t.co/CwM1YBfyig
A moment of silence for the shooting victims before the Congressional game at Nats Field https://t.co/pWWKd6kxI0
Nationals Stadium about to open for the Congressional game - 20,000 tickets sold so charities will get $1million+ https://t.co/bAsqB5kdy4
Jurors in Bill Cosby sexual assault trial just told the judge it's deadlocked on all 3 charges. He's sending them back to deliberate more
WashPo reports Mueller looking at Trump 4 obstruction-he tweets it's phony &amp; "the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history"
Rep Scalise suffered heavy blood loss and was in shock; in addition  today's surgery he will need "additional operations"
New hospital statement paints serious picture for Steve Scalise- bullet traveled across his pelvis fracturing bones, injuring organs
WashPo says officials tell them "a file has been opened" by the special counsel on whether Trump obstructed justice.
Shooting investigators in Alexandria are now dong a painstaking walk around the ball field https://t.co/utaGni4YVD
Rep Williams say Sen Flake used his belt as a tourniquet on Williams' Congressional aide
Rep Doyle- "When the leadership of this country is civil toward one another, maybe the public will start being civil toward each other too."
Eyewitnesses tell me the gunman yelled "Get out of here!" As he kept shooting and reloading...."he was just pacing back and forth."
And now the debate: GOP Rep Chris Collins says he'll carry a gun and GA Rep Barry Loudermilk said his staff should be able to in Washington.
Crime scene tape surrounds the ball field where a shooter opened fire this morning wounding 5 https://t.co/MmbxRX6RSG
Rep Doyle on shooting "It shouldn't take an incident like this to bring us together"
A gunman opened fire at Congressional baseball practice, wounding GOP #3 Steve Scalise and several others. Local PD say 5 people @ hospital
FBI now in charge of shooting investigation
Official briefing on shooting at Congressional baseball practice: "Too early to tell if they were targeted...we're exploring all angles"
Rep Joe Barton was w his 10 year old son when shooting broke out "it was scary" and "dozens, if. It hundreds" of shots were fired
The suspect in the Congressional shooting in custody; one witness tells MSNBC he asked if they were Democrats or Republicans
@JeffFlake  @RepKevinBrady also there.  "It's just a fluke of where you were standing" says Rand Paul of who was shot
Sean Spicer tweets "Both @POTUS &amp; @VP are aware of the developing situation in Virginia.  Our thoughts and prayers are with all affected."
Had Capitol Hill police not been there "It probably would have been a massacre" - Rand Paul
Rand Paul says Capitol Police were at the Congressional baseball practice because Scalise is member of leadership;it probably "saved lives"
Sen Rand Paul says he think the gunman continue to reload, "I probably heard 50 or 60 shots" Sounded like an AR-15.
Sen Rand Paul was there when Rep Steve Scalise was shot in VA - describes a rapid succession of shots.  Scalise in stable condition.
Kamala Harris makes her point: Sessions didn't ask to see a department  policy that would allow him to NOT answer questions
Harris pushes Sessions on whether there is a written policy that's the basis for him refusing to answer questions before the committee.
Sessions says he doesn't think he ever communicated with candidate or President-elect Trump in writing
"If I don't qualify it you'll accuse me of lying..I don't like to be rushed this fast, it makes me nervous" Sessions on Harris' questions
Harris pushes for any written record related to the inquiry- Session says he'll "review the rules of the department" &amp; respond appropriately
Former prosecutor Kamala Harris presses did he keep record, Sessions: "wholesale campaign moving so fast" he didn't have time to keep notes.
Sen Tom Cotton shows his distaste for the questioning of Sessions by listing spy thrillers - this "story" being one he finds preposterous
"It's just like Through the Looking Glass. I explained this...I said I didn't meet with them" Sessions on Russian mtgs he says didn't happen
Sen Manchin asks Comey about any undisclosed meetings w Russians:  "I have wracked my brain and I do not believe so"
According to White House pool Trump tells folks in Wisconsin- "The democrats have let you down big league" and promises healthcare reform
Heinrich says Session is "impeding the investigation" by not answering certain questions but not invoking executive privilege
AF One has landed in WI; Sarah Sanders didn't  gaggle during flight so no word on whether the president watched Sessions hearing.
Sen Wyden to Sessions, who says he didn't violate his recusal "I don't think your answer passes the smell test"
Sessions say he doesn't know if any conversations are recorded at the White House.
2/14 Oval Office meeting- Says he was last or one of the last to leave but didn't seem "a major proble"m, that Comey could handle himself
How was Sessions involved w/Comey firing? "There was a clear view of mine" and Rosenstein that we had problems at FBI &amp; needed a fresh start
I'm not able to confirm or deny private conversations I may have had with the President - Jeff Sessions to Sen Feinstein
This is an important issue - allowing continued access to YOUR elected representatives https://t.co/CIMIFSrIj3
Sessions on key question of 3rd Russia meeting w Kislyak	“I guess I could say that I possibly had a meeting but I still do not recall it"
Sessions says "I affirmed" Comey's concerns about meeting alone with Trump after he expressed worries
Sessions says he has confidence in Robert Mueller but has "no idea" if President Trump does. We know POTUS says investigation's a witch hunt
Sessions says he has had no contact with special counsel Mueller since he was appointed
RT @AlexNBCNews: VP Pence ignores shouted q on if he has confidence in Mueller as makes way thru US Capitol
Sessions suggests any Russian meetings were in "routine situations" much as he's had meetings with people from other countries.
Sessions makes impassioned defense saying any suggestion of collusion to hurt this country "is an appalling and detestable lie"
Jeff Sessions hearing is now underway.
Responding to WSJ FOIA request - Secret Service says it has no audio -or transcripts of any tapes recorded within the Trump’s White House
Ben Platt gets a rousing ovation winning Best Actor in a Musical - in my humble opinion, one of THE great performances. Ever. Period.
By far the biggest ovation of the night at the Tonys goes to Dr Jill Biden. The NY Theater community is not agnostic on politics.
Why I love NY reason #127:  live theater. The Tonys tonight show why -sooooo good. This pic: the line outside earlier https://t.co/SOrmPusIB5
A US official says there are now 3 US soldiers killed in action in Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan. A fourth was wounded.
US officials confirm that 2 Americans were killed and two more injured in eastern Afghanistan today.
The Batman of my childhood - Adam West - has died at 88. Campy TV at its awful best
Playbook reports 19 million people watched Comey hearing on network and cable - on a weekday morning. Huge. Facebook: 89M related views. Wow
You gotta say that for a series where Golden State leads 3-0 this is an intense game. GO @cavs!!!!
Trump says he’ll reveal whether there are tapes of his Oval Office conversations -"maybe sometime in the very near future"
The President breaks his twitter silence declaring he's vindicated - except Special Counsel Robert Mueller continues his investigation
RT @kasie: BREAKING ON NBC: Jared Kushner will meet with Senate Intel staff mid-month, 1st step in agmt to also provide docs &amp; take senator…
Happy 92 to Mrs Bush - the former President turns 93 on Monday https://t.co/PXs9bOCA6m
McCain-I get the sense from twitter that what I was getting at went over people's heads-maybe I shouldn't stay up late watching Diamondbacks
Trump's personal lawyer says the headline from Comey is that the President was not under investigation.
Packed press room is waiting for Marc Kasowitz, President Trump’s personal lawyer who will rebut the Comey testimony
For the first time Comey looks a little -- unsettled?  maybe confused? by McCain's line of quesitoning
Comey is "sure" Mueller is looking into whether trump obstructed justice
Kamala Harris - an experienced prosecutors - asks a series of questions she surely knows Comey can't answer but gets them out there
Kamala Harris thanking Comey for coming; he deadpans "I'm between opportunities"
I didn't encounter any circumstance that would cause me to resign: Comey
Will it rise to obstruction of justice?  "That's Bob Mueller's job to sort that out"
Comey recounts a call from Trump when he was getting on a helicopter - Trump was just checking in and Comey got on the helo
Tapes: "I hope there are &amp; I'll consent to their release.  The President surely knows if he taped me &amp; my feelings aren't hurt" Release them
Comey says Russians will be back to meddle in our elections
Loretta Lynch gave Comey  the impression that she was aligning with the Clinton campaign by asking him to say "matter" not "investigation"
Joe Manchin to Comey: I’ve had over 600 requests for questions to ask you from my fellow West Virginians
@POTUS isn't tweeting but Don Jr is leading a defense
Comey says Trump lied saying Comey wanted to have dinner because he wanted to stay on "He called me at my desk &amp; asked me if I could come'
Why Comey had a friend leak memo"I was worried it would be like feeding seagulls at the beach" since media was camped out at his driveway
Comey-  A really significant fact to me is - why did he kick everyone out of the Oval Office?  That is a very significant fact
Comey hoped leaking the memo would spur the appointment of a special prosecutor.
Comey calls Russian interference in US election as "unfake as you can possibly get"
There should be no fuzz about this:  The Russians interfered in 2016 election with sophistication, driven from high in Russian Government
Comey asked a close friend -  a Columbia Law School professor - to share a memo with press after Trump suggested there might be tapes -
Tells Tump he wasn't under investigation -didn't want a J Edgar Hoover situation – didn’t want him to think I would hang this over his head
Rubio:  Ever wonder why the only thing that never leaked is that the President wasn't under investigation?
A confident Comey hopes there are tapes
Colleagues"were as shocked and troubled as I was" ask 4 investigation to stop-all experienced people who had never experienced such a thing
Comey: What I think he met by the cloud “the entire investigation was taking up oxygen”; the ask was to put it out there he wasn’t a target
@LesterHoltNBC interview playing into this hearing - Comey takes Trump at his word then that Russia was why he was fired
Comey worried the President could lie about meeting, believes he was telling him to drop any Flynn/Russia investigation.  Less than 1 hr in.
Comey says while Trump didn't say drop the investigation "I took it as a direction";  alone with the President of the United States
Why Comey was so uneasy "common sense told me...he's looking to get something in exchange for granting my request to stay in the job."
Comey says "the nature of the person" - Trump - made him concerned he'd lie about Trump Tower meeting
I knew that there might come a day when I would need a record of what had happened - not just to defend myself but the FBI." -James Comey
BREAKING: Comey started written record of Trump conversations in part because"I was concerned he might lie about the nature of our meeting"
Late summer 2015 Comey 1st saw "massive efforts" to target US gov't and near gov't entities – hundreds and could be more than a thousand
COMEY:  I don't think it's for me to say if the President's converations with me was an effort to obstruct but I found it very concerning
"The FBI will be fine without me" "The FBI is honest.  The FBI is strong" and will always be independent.  Sorry I didn't get to say goodbye
First sentences from Comey go straight at President Trump saying repeatedly he made absolutely no sense and defamed Comey and the FBI - lies
Comey says he understood he could be fired for any reason -- but "shifting explanations" from Trump "confused me and concerned me"
Comey doesn't read statement he released yesterday - making comments
Comey takes oath to tell the truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth - testimony to begin
Comey is unflinching, no tells in the extreme closeup of TV cameras.  Is this how he looked at Pres Trump at that uncomfortable WH dinner?
@MarkWarner “We must find out the full story"- noting he hasn't always been Comey's biggest fan but calls his written testimony "disturbing"
The packed hearing room - tension, anticipation, drama, in the minutes before Comey speaks for 1st time since firing https://t.co/Rq9UcDcupk
8 Republicans &amp; 7 Democrats will question James Comey; press requests here higher than what's been seen "in decades" https://t.co/xKYnHJuwsJ
Former federal prosecutor @PreetBharara who was also fired by President Trump has a prime seat at Comey hearing courtesy Chuck Schumer
Getting up early pays off. A small group of people have been let in to fill empty seats in the Comey hearing room. https://t.co/6SlEsmGtDG
A long line of people hoping for -but u likely to get a coveted seat at Comey hearing - line started at 4:15am https://t.co/dc4NrMukGN
The calm before the storm in Senate Intel hearing room ahead of James Comey testimony at 10 eastern https://t.co/zdQ5bOVW3v
Sen McCain says the loyalty request by Trump is concerning - Cornyn calls for the public release of the Comey memos.
An extraordinarily detailed statement from fired FBI Comey will make tomorrow before Senate Intel : https://t.co/4oIzEa5o9M
Angus King going after DNI and NSA refusing to answer questions - wants assurances they'll answer in a closed session
Dan Coats won't answer Marco Rubio's question of whether he's ever been asked to influence an ongoing investigation.
Dan Coats also says it's not appropriate to discuss what he's talked with Trump about
Director Rogers won't talk about convos with Trump but never has been asked to do anything he thought was "illegal, unethical inappropriate"
2 days after Kellyanne Conway pounded the media for its "obsession" with Trump on twitter, he uses twitter to announce FBI director nominee
Pres Trump will nominate former Chris Christie attorney Christopher Wray -also fmr DOJ now white collar defense attorney - as FBI director
President Trump on the upcoming testimony of James Comey: "I wish him luck"; on Jared Kushner - he's become "more famous than me"
Horrified by the attack in London. Borough Market is such a wonderful place. Six innocents killed and 48 wounded.
On vacation in Italy and reminded in a sports storefront what's really important... https://t.co/BDuik047m7
Large car bomb goes off near foreign embassies in Kabul. Health ministry now says 80 killed and more than 300 injured.
Who is monitoring the President's account that this tweet goes up and stays up? "Despite the constant negative press covfefe" &amp; that's it
Multiple sources tell NBC Trump's son-in-law and close advisor Jared Kushner is under scrutiny - his lawyer says he'll cooperate w Congress
From @PeterAlexander -- Asked whether President Trump stands by his endorsement of Greg Gianforte, the White House has "no comment."
Judge for yourself - the audio taken of Montana GOP candidate Greg Gianforte allegedly attacking a reporter https://t.co/1PYU6x9ybF
HUD's Ben Carson "take somebody w the wrong mindset" give them everything in the world "they'll work their way right back down" 2 the bottom
HUD Sec'y Ben Carson says poverty is largely "a state of mind"; put someone w the "right mindset" on the street &amp; soon they'll get back up
Much-anticipated CBO analysis says less healthy people would face extremely high premiums even with premium subsidies under House GOP plan
Non-partisan CBO analysis says about 23 million more people would be uninsured over a decade if the House-passed healthcare bill becomes law
New Quinnipiac poll has Trump job approval rating at 37%  ...and 54% believe Trump is abusing the powers of his office
Brennan says intel showed "contacts and interactions" between Russia and U-S persons that left him w "unresolved questions" re: 2016election
Former CIA chief Brennan says FBI investigation into possible coordination between Russia and Trump campaign "well founded"
A source close to Mike Flynn confirms to NBC News he'll invoke the 5th amendment in response to the subpoena from Senate Intelligence
While James Comey has agreed to testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee after Mem Day he has said no to the Judiciary Committee
Which senior Trump adviser is now a "significant person of interest" in Russia investigation? https://t.co/XS35VhEP6N
Spicer doesn't dispute NY times report Trump called Comey "crazy, a real nut job" at meeting with Russian officials https://t.co/YjoxO4P1Ip
Anthony Weiner tearfully pleads guilty to sexting obscene material to a minor-Could get 21-27 months in jail - and register as sex offender
That wasn't you in disguise? https://t.co/jgmBFBkQiq
Clearly, that was not @peterbakernyt Calling for a redo! https://t.co/2MbXyGJd0U
Trump calls talk of impeachment, "Totally ridiculous.  Everybody thinks so"
Trump asserts again that Comey was very unpopular; the acting FBI director has said the vast majority of FBI employees viewed him favorably
Q to Trump:  Did you urge Comey to back down on the investigation into Michael Flynn?  Answer:  No.  No.
Trump on appt of Special Counsel: "I respect the move but the entire thing has been a witch hunt...Believe me there has been no collusion"
Sen Rubio says he has full faith and confidence in Special Counsel - and the in estivation will lead us to the truth "wherever that may be"
"The fact that you even know me is a very big deal" Chrissy Metz from This Is Us https://t.co/scxS6JrPtt
Tonight the Paley Center honors women in television, including the groundbreaking Marlo Thomas https://t.co/MAKQQDwcTM
@POTUS statement: thorough investigation will confirm what we already know-there was no collusion between my campaign and any foreign entity
Senate Intel Chair Burr says special prosecutor appointment is “a positive thing,” and that it does not affect their investigation
DOJ: the White House's Counsel's Office was informed of the appointment of a special counsel *after* the order was signed this afternoon
...under the authority of a person who exercises a degree of independence"
Deputy AG: "...based upon the unique circumstances, the public interest requires me to place this investigation...
BREAKING NEWS:  Justice Dept is appointing a special counsel to take over the Russia investigation -Robert Mueller, the former FBI Director.
@rachaelmbade @DarrellIssa Rep Joaquin Castro says mood on Cap Hill is very tense - says reports on Trump if true are obstruction of justice-could lead to impeachment
From Cap Hill-Believe Trump plea shows signs of obstruction of justice- Durbin  Leahy 	WANT COMEY TO TESTIFY PUBLICLY-Graham Casey Durbin
From memo Comey wrote after Trump meeting: “I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go, to letting Flynn go.”
NBC confirms Comey memo 1st @nytimes that Trump asked the former FBI director to end the Flynn investigation
HRMcMaster now at the podium in the briefing room. Expect him to talk shortly about reports @POTUS reveled secrets to Russia
Read the President's tweets. They seem to say he did share information w the Russians -contradicting what HR McMaster said last night
GOP Corker: "..the chaos that is being created by the lack of discipline is creating an environment—it creates a worrisome environment.”
GOP Sen Corker: Obviously they’re in a downward spiral right now &amp; have got to figure out a way to come to grips with all that’s happening.
While much of DC is consumed with reports of Trump Intel disclosure one Washingtonian is chillin' in a public park https://t.co/K7xKJAlLut
Schiff: report that President Trump may have shared highly classified intelligence with the Russian fm &amp; ambassador is "deeply disturbing".
HR McMaster denying story that Trump revealed intel to Russians https://t.co/yCMDawt5BT
I'm just finding out NOW!?! that it's National Chocolate Chip Day - I feel this hasn't gotten enough attention.  Need cookies.
As to reason for firing Comey -Spicer say he didn't have the leadership skills but will provide "nothing further" on alleged tapes
Another briefing &amp; Sean Spicer still refusing to say if Trump taped hconversations with fmr FBI dir Comey amid bi-partisan calls for answers
Trump to Liberty U grads: "Impossible" should be motivation. It's outsiders who change the world. Do what you love.
Asked if there's a recording device in the WH after President's tweet suggesting dinner convo with Comey was taped  "nothing further to add"
Trump calls Comey "a showboat" and "a grandstander" -says he asked Comey over dinner if he was under investigation and Comey said no
WH story now contradicted by Trump who tells @LesterHoltNBC he was going to fire Comey regardless of recommendation
Acting FBI Dir McCabe contradicting WH claims-"Director Comey enjoyed broad support within the FBI and still does to this day,"
Sen Marco Rubio says a special prosecutor may be need if Russia investigation falls apart
At Intel hearing: Sen Warner says it's hard to avoid the conclusion that the timing of Comey’s firing was related to Russia investigation
@PeteWilliamsNBC reports a Justice Department official says Andrew McCabe, who has been the FBI's deputy director, is now acting director.
Chairman Burr of Senate Intelligence: "I am troubled by the timing and reasoning of Director Comey’s termination."
Nothing further on camera from the White House tonight - referring reporters to Dept of Justice which referred reporters to White House
Dems lining up to call for special prosecutor to investigate any Trump Administration ties to Russia. Nelson, Merkley, Booker, Kaine, Reed..
Senate reaction - Ron Wyden OR "outrageous"...Bob Casey PA "This is Nixonian"...Chuck Grassley says Comey "lost public trust and confidence"
Sen John McCain on Comey firing: I am sorry that that happened because I have great respect for him.
White House statement: President Trump informed FBI Director James Comey that he has been terminated and removed from office
...they had to come in a second time because it was unclear.
Challenged Yates' gave WH more than "heads up" Spicer: What you have is an Obama appointee coming in and you have to wonder why....
WH is FOR constructive voices joining Senate group but it's "not our call to make"
Is the White House calling for women on all-male Senate healthcare group?  "I'm not aware of that" - Spicer....then....
Spicer on Graham saying he wants to look into any Trump-Russia business connection:The President is fine with that.  Should be "really easy"
In spite of her extensive testimony of three consecutive, detailed warnings about Flynn, Sean Spicer continues to refer to Yates' "heads up"
Graham on probing Trump’s business ties to Russia:  "I have no evidence of collusion. But do I want to know about business ties? Yes."
From the rooftop above the WH - join me on MSNBC for a discussion on sending more troops to Afghanistan https://t.co/s1D6gY2HFU
"there seems to be bipartisan consensus that Russia tried to interfere in our election" - Sen Graham
"Our elections apparatus should be considered critical infrastructure" - we need to secure that apparatus - James Clapper
Clapper contradicts what Spicer said at briefing today re: vetting process to clear a national security official - tho not specific to Flynn
Sally Yates says repeatedly that Gen Flynn was compromised, could be blackmailed, Russians could use information to manipulate him.
Yates: We told White House that National Security Advisor Flynn "could be blackmailed" by Russia so that "they could take action"
Yates' bottom line on immigration EO- I believed that it was unlawful..inconsistent with the principles of the Dept of Justice and I said no
Former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates about to testify on Russia
France in the throes of a massive hack attack  on Emmanuel Macron - threatening to influence Sunday's critical election- Russians suspected
The economy added 211,000 jobs in April, the Labor Department reports - up from 79,000 in March.	Unemployment rate now 4.4%
HHS Secretary Tom Price among those taking a victory lap for House healthcare passing https://t.co/kXXSwiP28J
@realDonaldTrump listening as a string of GOP house members start the defense of their bill as it heads to Senate https://t.co/uJPBgteTLS
@SpeakerRyan gets laugh saying Senate "friends are eager to get to work" https://t.co/2sowKExKvv
Trump "How am I doing?  I'm President" https://t.co/xTqyUrcRIo
"We want to brag about the plan" - "how good it is- great features" - Trump on House passing Healthcare https://t.co/niTww34lE5
Trump- "I feel so confident we're going to get this passed in the Senate" - a lot of Senators on both sides disagree https://t.co/FR0dSx54aF
The House voted today to enact Obamacare reform - the American Health Care Act - w House Republicans coming to WH for victory lap
Buckingham Palace: Queen Elizabeth's husband, 95year old Prince Philip, will no longer carry out public engagements.  He'll be 96 next month
The House will vote tomorrow on healthcare. White House calls it "a positive development"
Up next - will there be a health care vote? https://t.co/n6XTkGMIKM
In impassioned defense of reopening Clinton email investigation 11 days before election Comey says "I still believe it was the right choice"
Comey says staying quiet about re-opening Clinton email investigationwasn't an option and concealing  would be catastrophic so he spoke
FBI Dir Comey says it makes him mildly nauseous to think he affected election outcome w email revelation but he'd do the same thing again
@PressSec leaves today's briefing to Mick Mulvaney - no answers to questions on Putin phone call - status of healthcare bill...
"This is a change agent President" and "..if it takes a shutdown, that's what it takes" - Mulvaney
OMB's Mulvaney accusing Dems of misrepresenting budget deal: "They're trying to say they pulled a fast one...I'd rather they be truthful"
"A good shutdown would be one that fixes this town" - OMB Director Mick Mulvaney
An openly exasperated OMB Dir Mick Mulvaney says @POTUS frustrated bc  Dems "spiked the football" -when budget funds most of GOP priorities
HRC - while accepting responsibility for loss also says Comey letter and WikiLeaks raised doubts and scared off voters in last 10 days
@HillaryClinton says she takes "absolute personal responsibility for my defeat"
What would it have meant to glass ceiling if you were elected President Hillary Clinton? "Oh, I think it would have been a really big deal"
Trump's statement that he'd be honored to meet w Kim Jong Un comes just after Reince Priebus said he can't see that happening right now.
@POTUS says he’s willing to raise the U.S. gas tax to fund infrastructure development -- "if we earmarked money toward the highways"
In interview with Bloomberg - Trump says he would absolutely meet with Kim Jong Un if appropriate; "I would be honored to do it.”
No one wanted to do this so of course it landed in the hands of an immigrant - Hasan Minhaj, WHCD comedian https://t.co/6Eaa4A2piD
"Mr.President, the media is not fake news" - a message to Donald Trump from Bob Woodward https://t.co/DeGYls3Mrr
Woodward on a key piece of breaking Watergate: "Not surprisingly from one of Carl's former girlfriends" https://t.co/ZkYrHRV82A
Woodward and Bernstein on good investigative journalism:  "Yes, follow the money. But also follow the lies" https://t.co/wuRYedhkQu
Trump on WH Corr dinner:  “a large group of Hollywood actors and Washington media” consoling each other at Dinner “without the president”
Woodward and Bernstein congratulating the new generation of journalists in a room full of people they inspired https://t.co/1Zr7sY7v7f
Getting emotional seeing 23 students getting WH Correspondents Assoc scholarships who want to be great journalists https://t.co/J4zKO3seJ1
We are not fake news. We are not failing news organizations. And we are not the enemy of the American people: WH Correspondents Association
Pres of WH Correspondents Assoc:  we are here to celebrate the Press, not the Presidency. https://t.co/QkPgzGQ664
Clinton and Trump voters in No Carolina reconvene to talk politics for the 100 day mark at Hursey's 3PM e #msnbc https://t.co/eRtBG5yKsd
Trump opens speech before the NRA talking about election results- the promises never to infringe on Americans' right to keep and bear arms.
Sec of State Rex Tillerson at UN -threat of a NoKorean nuke attack is real and the more we bide our time, the sooner we will run out of it
House GOP leaders delay vote on Obamacare replacement - meaning Donald Trump won't get a big win for his first 100 days in office.
A federal judge in San Fran blocks Trump directive to deny federal funds to "sanctuary cities" that won't help Feds w/immigration arrests
NBC reports that Republicans have proposed a spending deal that doesn't include border wall funding--moving negotiations forward
Elijah Cummings says Flynn didn't disclose payments - as required -  for a Moscow speech in security clearance application
Bi-partisan House Oversight complaint: WH hasn't provided a single piece of paper requested on National Security Adviser Michael Flynn
Chair of House Democratic caucus Joe Crowley says he'd vote no on funding a Wall as part of budget even if it means a government shutdown
On @MeetThePress @Richard_Schiff @ChrisGorham @AJangiebaby @AlexPadilla4CA on Dem party future and who should lead https://t.co/7ZOTjycoKp
Nearly 2/3rds of Americans give President Trump poor or middling marks for 1st 100 days - 45%  say he's off to a "poor start" - new NBC poll
Trump- "we are in very good shape" on NKorea /he never gave up on healthcare (he said "enough already" then)/ suggests Paris shooting terror
The famed Champs Elysees in Paris shut down after apparent shooting
Sen.Chuck Grassley says he expects a Supreme Court Justice resignation within the year - says it's been rumored but didn't name a justice.
FOX says ousting O'Reilly the decision “follows an extensive review done in collaboration with outside counsel" in spite of his denials
Bill O'Reilly statement on FOX ouster: . "It is tremendously disheartening that we part ways due to completely unfounded claims."
The NE Patriots (and their 5 recent Super Bowl trophies) at White House - POTUS doesn't mention absent Tom Brady https://t.co/0mQ7O1Xumn
Update on GHW Bush - gaining strength - spirits high - Mrs Bush has been at his side throughout hospitalization https://t.co/zpfiDvJGxR
@jasoninthehouse says he maybe he'll run again in future but not in 2018.   This is "a personal decision to return to the private sector"
Utah's Jason @jasoninthehouse won't run for reelection - says there's not more here than meets the eye - citing 1500+ nights away from home
Former NFL player Aaron Hernandez was discovered hanged in his cell using a bed sheet. At 27 the fmr NE Patriot was serving life for murder
Spokesman for GHW Bush says "He is okay, he is going to be great" but the former President has been hospitalized as a precaution
@realDonaldTrump in Wisconsin on tax teform:  "We have the concept of the plan, we're going to be announcing it very soon" after health care
"We would have preferred it didn't end this way" say police of suicide -  since many questions for Facebook killer will stay unanswered.
A Sr admin official tells NBC News a meeting planned today to discuss possibly pulling out of Paris Climate agreement is now postponed.
PA State police official on @mitchellreports says Steve Stephens was spotted near a McDonald's via license plate - after citizen tip
PA police say Facebook killer Steve Stephens' CAR was actually spotted - that's when a pursuit lead to his suicide - presser @msnbc soon
Of the 400 tips that poured in on the Facebook killer one from Erie PA apparently paid off and suspect now dead after police pursuit
PA State Police say that Steven Stephens, the alleged Facebook killer, is dead after shooting and killing himself after a police pursuit.
British PM Theresa May makes surprise call for early election June 8, seeking support heading into tough negotiations over Brexit.
Majority of GOP and GOP leaners (55%) say Republicans in Congress are under no obligation to support Trump’s policies if they disagree w him
President Trump approval well below past Presidents at same time in office:  39% Trump compared to  61% Obama  Bush 56% Reagan 67%
WH will not take ANY options off the table to deal with No Korea: not prudent to "remove the level of surprise"
Spicer at daily briefing asked if the President will EVER release his tax returns "We'll have to get back to you on that"; still under audit
Only 45 percent of Americans think Trump keeps his promises, down from 62 percent in February a major slide of 17 points in new Gallup poll
I'm in Cleveland where major search is on for Steve Stephens who police says committed a murder on Facebook Live &amp; who says he killed others
A federal judge has halted Arkansas'  plan to execute 8 inmates over an 11-day period starting next week - 2 had already been blocked.
The US dropped the largest non-nuclear weapon in their arsenal in Afghanistan - targeting ISIS fighters The GBU-39 is a 21,000 pound bomb.
Lawyer for United passenger - "Will there be a lawsuit?  Yeah, probably"
Attorney for passenger dragged off United plane: "I defy anyone to suggest that it was not unreasonable force and violence used"
Syria's Assad says the chemical weapons attack is a "100% fabrication"	...and suggested children in the horrific videos might not be dead
@PressSec "I made a mistake. There's no other way to say it. I screwed up". Spicer also said it's painful and inexcusable.
Chris Christie on Spicer:  "And here’s a general rule for anybody involved in public life... Don’t bring up Hitler. Ever."
From Daily Mail apology: We accept that these allegations about Mrs Trump are not true and we retract and withdraw them. We apologise....
Melania Trump will get an apology and money from the UK's Daily Mail for a false story suggesting she wasn't just a model but an escort
Sean Spicer has apologized for saying Hitler did not use chemical weapons-"I mistakenly used an inappropriate, insensitive reference"
United's CEO now says airline takes "full responsibility" for forcible removal of a passenger - after stock at 1 point dropped $1.4 billion
Spicer: In no way was I trying to lessen the horrendous nature of the Holocaust -after saying Hitler didn't sink to using chemical weapons
Neil Gorsuch is now the 101st associate justice of the Supreme Court following a private ceremony at the court and Rose Garden swearing-in
What's next in Syria?  Senators briefed on Administration plans tell NBC the missle strike was a single mission-no further action planned.
The Senate has confirmed Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, 54-45.  He'll be sworn in next week.
Sen Tim Kaine: "Congress will work with the President, but his failure to seek Congressional approval is unlawful.”
Much Congressional reaction has been positive- not Rep Tulsi Gabbard “It angers and saddens me that Trump has taken the advice of war hawks"
@marcorubio on @MSNBC "Tonight will not end the threat that Assad poses, but hopefully it’s the beginning of something broader."
On US air strikes in Syria responding to gas attack Pelosi says it's a proportional response - Schumer says it's the right thing to do
RIP legendary insult comic Don Rickles dead at 90...a star of the 50s and 60s and recently Mr. Potato Head in Pixar’s first Toy Story.
Senate Democrats have voted to filibuster Judge Neil Gorsuch’s nomination to the Supreme Court  56-44 - stepping stone to nuclear option
Such an amazing experience when a show with widespread critical acclaim exceeds highest expectations @DearEvanHansen https://t.co/551zolnh2l
VP Pence said just-finished healthcare meeting w GOP a "good conversation,making progress." 	Rep. Mark Walker says no text of bill was shown
Big healthcare meeting tonight w/ VP Pence,Preibus, Sec'y  Price, OMB's Mulvaney and key players of several House Republican caucuses.
New Quinnipiac poll has @POTUS approval rating at just  38%.  In statement Q official says " Trump’s popularity is sinking like a rock"
Sen Graham on suggestions she ordered the unmasking of Trump associates:  “When it comes to Susan Rice, you need to verify, not trust.”
Susan Rice to @mitchellreports on allegation Obama officials unmasked intelligence for political purposes, “That’s absolutely false.”
The Senate Judiciary Committee votes 11-9 to approve the nomination of Neil Gorsuch for the Supreme Court - heads to full Senate
@realDonaldTrump on deadly St Petersburg attack: . "Terrible. Terrible thing. Happening all over the world"
WH says official portrait of First Lady was taken in the White House residence by photographer Regine Mahaux. https://t.co/kYd4bmxDVD
@AprilDRyan I second @JoyAnnReid! Great colleague at the WH - great reporter
Sen Chris Coons just said he will support a filibuster of Judge Neil Gorsuch’s nomination for the Supreme Court- Dems now have enough votes
White House releases official portrait of First Lady Melania Trump.     https://t.co/GaxJnFwEfo
From my vantage point above the Judiciary Committee hearing room - bitterly partisan statements on Neil Gorsuch https://t.co/k3a6zEHIBd
Thank you, @MSNBC viewers, for making March our most-watched month ever!
@NancyPelosi on failure of healthcare bill "today's a great day - a victory for the American people"
@SpeakerRyan says this reflects "growing pains" but will a Congress elected on this promise pay the price
@SpeakerRyan "we came really close today but we came up short" -- as polls showed a devastating 17% support and main promise is unfilled
@SpeakerRyan  "this is a disappointing day for us" as healthcare bill gets pulled in discussion with @realDonaldTrump
Just arrived at WH where Sr aide tells me no plans in place for how to deal with whatever happens on healthcare- unclear if POTUS will speak
Reince Preibus and Tom Price w VP Pence at Freedom Caucus meeting. Without some of those members turning hard to see how bill has ANY chance
VP Pence has arrived at Capitol Hill Club where Freedom Caucus is meeting - last ditch effort to win his former colleagues' votes
Sr Democratic aide says Dems won't use stall tactics to drag out the health care vote. Think GOP don't have votes? Scheduled around 4 or 5
@AARP and @AARPadvocates with a final aggressive push to get their members to call Congress and voice opposition to healthcare bill.
Paul Manafort has also offered to be interviewed by the Senate Intel Committee investigating Russian meddling in 2016 election.
Speaker Ryan is expected to head to white house to brief potus per senior administration official - @kwelkernbc
Battle escalating between intel Commitee's Nunes and Schiff after the Chair cancels an open hearing with former intel chiefs Tuesday
@NBCNews reports House Intel chairman Nunes has backed down from dramatic assertion that Trump &amp; his aides were "monitored," by US spies
Planned Parenthood says healthcare bill will "sacrifice the health of every woman"  and Trump using PP &amp; women in dangerous political game.
Intel Comm Chair Nunes says Paul Manafort has agreed to be interviewed Committee -part of its investigation into Russia's campaign meddling
Start of dismantling Obama environmental moves Trump says "Its a great day for jobs and energy independence" w plans to permit XL pipeline
@realDonaldTrump asked if he rushed healthcare?  NO. 	Should Paul Ryan stay as speaker if it fails? TRUMP:  Yes
Updated CBO estimate 4 endangered GOP healthcare bill shows it saves less money but still would leave 24 million more people w/o insurance
President Trump says the healthcare vote will be very close and only because of "politics"
From the WH:  We will start healthcare debate as planned tonight but most likely due to the length of debate move the vote to tomorrow AM
Republicans don't seem to have the votes for healthcare.  @AlexNBCNews reporting a source tells her tonight's vote has been delayed
London Ambulance Service: 12 patients serious and hospitalized - 8 less serious treated at scene -  3 killed (plus attacker)
NBC count now has 27 House GOP saying they can't vote for Healthcare Bill - Frank LoBiondo of NJ the latest - he says it falls "far short"
@realDonaldTrump says he feels "somewhat" vindicated by House Intel Chief Nunes briefing him on suspected intercepts of Trump campaign comms
Spicer won't back down on Trump calling Obama a "bad or sick guy" - again saying the tweets speak for themselves
What's the WH count on how many votes they have for the Health Care bill? Sean Spicer won't say but claims the numbers are moving their way
Four dead including the attacker,  20 wounded in London attack. Driver hit people on bridge before heading for Parliament and was shot.
@PressSec Sean Spicer  The City of London and her Majesty's government has our full support 	The President spoke with PM May
As a precaution NYPD is sending counter-terror teams to locations across the city including British UN/consular offices.
10 Downing Street tells NBC News that PM Theresa May has returned to Number 10 Downing Street and is monitoring the situation from there
@AdamSchiffCA Our own intelligence agency will be running any suspect's info to see if there are any associates - any connections anywhere
@AdamSchiffCA House Intelligence Committee:  Still don't know if the threat in London in ongoing..
State Dept on London attack:  Our Embassy is monitoring the situation closely.  We will provide assistance to any affected U.S. citizens.
Cornyn latest to suggest 4 Supreme Court "I hope you’ll look at cameras in the courtroom…would be enlightening and educating" Gorsuch "open"
Watch @MSNBC for coverage of suspected terrorist incident in London near the heart of government https://t.co/9ofB4fMP2R
RT @AriMelber: Prepped or not, Gorsuch has excellent memory recall skills for case citations - more like an appellate lawyer than a longsta…
UK police on reports of shooting outside Parliament  "We are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise"
Reporter in Parliament on lockdown 4 "firearms incident" says police are shouting instructions because there had been shooting downstairs.
Sen Graham -Alexander Hamilton would be rolling over in his grave if I can’t vote for you if you don’t share my philosophy.
@SenFeinstein to Neil Gorsuch:  "You have been able to avoid specificity unlike anyone I have ever seen before"
7 plus hours into his hearing Neil Gorsuch continues to answer questions w 8 of the 20 Committee members there https://t.co/e1jzHyJULi
@edatpost And PTSD from mutton-busting.
The latest random plug at the Neil Gorsuch Supreme Court  hearing- his and @tedcruz affection for "A Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
RT @AriMelber: Issues in #GorsuchHearing 	so far:		Travel ban		Guns		Abortion		Gitmo 		Citizens United💰 		Obamacare		Torture		Chevron defer…
1st break in the questioning of Neil Gorsuch- a disciplined performance so far but liking a person and voting  4 them v different for Dems
Gorsuch- Had you ever met Trump? Not until my interview.  If he asked you how you would rule on Roe v Wade? I would have walked out the door
If 98 Senators could vote for Scalia there was a time when you could vote for someone you wouldn't have chosen but who is qualified:  Graham
Lindsey Graham on fairness of Gorsuch nomination:  Judge Garland was a fine man. I’m sure I would have voted for him. But waiting was fair.
"I admire the various ways...you'd be a formidable companion in the courtroom" - Gorsuch to Leahy, trying  mightily to extract opinions
Neil Gorsuch, responding to Pat Leahy: "No man is above the law and that includes the President of the United States" https://t.co/SY9XTQ9nvL
Pat Leahy says not considering Merrick Garland for SC "shameful" - Gorsuch won't take political bait but calls Garland an outstanding judge
Waiting for the arrival of Neil Gorsuch for the first day of questions from 20 members of Senate Judiciary Committee https://t.co/F9BjrBNDTy
@realDonaldTrump has arrived on Capitol Hill to test his skills as a closer- trying to make a deal on heath care.
Gorsuch: I will do all my powers permit to be a faithful servant of the Constitution and laws of our great nation.* https://t.co/M5mOuNvLzc
On FBI Russia Investigation Sen Blumenthal-possibility of the Supreme Court enforcing a subpoena against Trump is no longer idle speculation
Jeff Flake describes Coloradan Neil Gorsuch as a true Westerner, believing in a free people with strong communities and limited government.
Dems say Gorsuch is for big biz over the little guy, Jeff Flake says good judges don’t decide cases on how big the guy is but on the law
Ben Sasse:  Empathy is not the job of a Supreme Court justice - it is to faithfully and dispassionately rule on the facts
Sen Ben Sasse – "Arguably the most important thing the Senate will do this year is confirm the next Supreme Court Justice"
@SenAlFrank says he worries Gorsuch will make decisions that continue to favor powerful corporate interests over the rights of all Americans
@SenAlFrank says Trump openly discussed his litmus test  to appoint justice “in mold of Scalia, pro-life, with a conservative bent”
@tedcruz says Trump promised to nominate judges – constitutionalists – in the mold of Justice Scalia.  Put out names. "And the people spoke"
@amyklobuchar argues you have to look at the nomination through the  lens of "the pillars of our democracy" being at risk - of inequality.
Lindsey Graham spends his ten minutes with an indictment of the politicization of the Supreme Court nomination process
Graham: I have no doubt in my mind if the shoe was on the other foot the Dems would have delayed - I don't feel any injustice has been done
Lindsey Graham says when he voted for Dem @USSupremeCourt nominees a lot of papers "no one in SC reads" praised him
Frequent Trump critic Lindsey Graham says the President should be congratulated for nominating Neil Gorsuch
@SenWhitehouse say SCourt has gone on a "5-4 rampage" with activist rulings to benefit big business, upending a century or more of tradition
Sen @SenWhitehouse:  What happens when the republicans get five appointees on the SCourt to change law &amp; benefit big business everywhere’’
Sen Lee compliment?? to Gorsuch: I know I’m easily entertained, but	I find your opinions particularly interesting
@SenMikeLee calls Neil Gorsuch "A man of character.  A man of faith." He adds "the stakes are high" True.  No one disagrees on the stakes.
Sen Cornyn to Gorsuch: "The nation is watching and I think that’s a really good thing"  22% of 2016 voters said Supreme Ct most important
Sen Pat Leahy says he has't decided whether to vote for Neil Gorsuch for Supreme Court
Leahy:  Originalism is outside mainstream jurisprudence.	I worry it goes beyond a philosophy to becoming an agenda
Sen Leahy calls refusal to consider Garland 4 Supreme Ct extraordinary, blockade - likened to tyrannical kings . Unprecedented obstruction
@OrrinHatch :  Something is seriously wrong when the confirmation process for a Supreme Court justice resembles a political campaign
@SenFeinstein: The debate over Roe v Wade and the right to privacy are not theoretical.  Women have a right to reproductive health care
@SenFeinstein setting up key part of the Democratic case against Gorsuch - arguing he sides with big business over everyday workers
Feinstein: Our job is to determine whether Judge Gorsuch is a reasonable mainstream conservative who will protect the rights of ALL
Comey testifies the FBI has no evidence to support @realDonaldTrump tweets about Obama wiretapping Trump Tower
Neil Gorsuch greeting members of the Senate Judiciary Comm as his Supreme Court confirmation hearing set to start. https://t.co/d9pQ1D5GKv
While Comey testifies - also on Cap Hill -hearing room starts to fill for Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch https://t.co/lwsrhJq3AQ
Gallup says Trump approval rating at a dismal 37% - lowest ever for a President at this point.  Disapproval 58%
Ranking Dem @RepAdamSchiff - We found no evidence to support this slanderous accusation of wiretapping and hope Comey can put that to rest
Intelligence Chair Devin Nunes - Says it's clear, there was NO wiretap of Trump tower but possible other means of surveillance were used
Absolutely packed hearing room for Comey testimony - starting NOW
Intelligence Committee gathering for FBI Director James Comey's testimony -what about Trump's claim Obama tapped him? The search for answers
RT @AlexNBCNews: Per source, the House Intel Cmte has just received material in response to the DOJ letter on possible surveillance of Trum…
Pence, Bannon and Priebus now in the room as we wait for President Trump &amp; Chancellor Merkel to start a highly anticipated press conference
Spicer- The Investigation by the House and Senate has not been provided with all the information, President still says there is more to come
Sean Spicer says the President stands by his accusation- and accuses press of misrepresenting Intel Comm finding of no surveillance of Trump
@PressSec asked 4 reax Intel Comm's "no proof" of Trump surveillance launches into recitation of news reports &amp; tells reporter to calm down
Mick Mulvaney on budget:  Asking taxpayers for less money makes funding cuts "compassionate"
Asked about starving children, humanitarian crises- yet cuts to foreign aid and UN - Budget Director Mulvaney says it's what @POTUS promised
Full statement on no proof of surveillance.  We're minutes away from WH briefing- will @POTUS retract or apologize? https://t.co/TesafXgUir
BREAKING:  It didn't happen -Senate Intel Comm says no indications Trump Tower was the subject of surveillance by any element of US Gov't
@POTUS @mike_pence @SpeakerRyan with Irish PM https://t.co/mFMGO8cZeU
Honor guard in place at the White House for the arrival of Ireland's Prime Minister https://t.co/bQICUeZFoc
David Cay Johnston - the man who got Donald Trump's 2005 tax return in the mail - suggests Trump may have sent it
Dept of Justice asking House Intelligence Committee for additional time to review wiretapping request for documents proving Trump claim
WH says we "disagree strenuously" with CBO report - 14 million losing health care next year "not believable"
CBO Obamacare report out:  14 million lose coverage in 2018, 24 million uninsured over 10 years - WH prebuttal - people now have choice
When @PeterAlexander asks @PressSec whether Americans can believe @POTUS tweets "If he's not joking, of course"-  still believes voter fraud
@PressSec says of @POTUS: "He doesn't really think that Obama went up and tapped his phone personally"
Casualty of the winter storm:  tomorrow's @POTUS meeting with Angela Merkel has been postponed until Friday
On @realDonaldTrump promise to donate his paycheck - from @PressSec -he will at end of the year and would love press help to determine where
@PressSec - the daily WH briefing is underway - questions should start in moments///
In a sometimes combative press briefing today Sean Spicer channeled SNL: "Don't make me make the podium move" https://t.co/MyTmwTVbbe
Glorious warm afternoon in DC with tourists sans coats outside the White House - tomorrow, cold, rain, snow https://t.co/py9C2Jj8Us
Mark Sanford just told @tvkatesnow that he and Freedom Caucus members have been invited to dinner at the White House next Tuesday.
@PressSec says @POTUS @realDonaldTrump is out in full sell mode for the new Health Care plan, "If anybody can get a deal" it's Donald Trump
First Lady Melania Trump hosts lunch for International Women's Day w/ Betsy DeVos, Ivanka Trump, Sen Susan Collins https://t.co/V0OqWfEZRu
Trump meeting with House deputy Whip team on Obamacare replacement "I'm proud to support it" https://t.co/RxhRZPUma4
Sean Spicer says President Trump has "no regrets" about accusing President Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower https://t.co/MMTGO90oha
HHS Sec'y Tom Price surprise guest at WH briefing says of Obamacare replacement "It's about patients". https://t.co/Tbh6mSttV7
A sign the East Wing is getting organized: WH announces the official reopening of public tours at the White House.
I asked new DNC Chair Tom Perez about Trump suggesting Obama committed a crime: "That's a crock of you-know-what" https://t.co/5CrHVlKEt4
DNC Chair Tom Perez at DC protest - calls Trump's revised EO unconstitutional  "Zero sum policy of cynicism" https://t.co/dkuEUbH8PS
A growing crowd - at least a few hundred- cheer promises to stop Trump's "naked ugly discriminatory" "Muslim ban" https://t.co/N3Bb1sqtkq
Protesters across from WH chant - "Say it loud say it clear refugees are welcome here." https://t.co/X3MRWTAMNo
Asked whether Trump believes Obama committed a felony Sean Spicer tells NBC "I think the President's tweets speak for themselves"
HUD's Ben Carson: You can’t overload the human brain. So we need to concentrate less on what we can’t do and a little more on what we can do
Talking to HUD employees Sec'y Ben Carson referred to slaves as immigrants, who dreamed of their families achieving prosperity and happiness
@AdamSchiffCA  tells @mitchellreports  Trump wiretap claims suggest "..can't separate fact from fantasy..and doesn't know right from wrong."
President Trump  has signed a revised travel ban executive order after court challenges - no cameras there https://t.co/IUJxKC1v73
Coming up on @MTPDaily @RandPaul and @amyklobuchar on Russia, Jeff Session and the future of Obamacare.  I'm sitting in for @chucktodd
@Schwarzenegger quitting Celebrity Apprentice- says "half the people" boycotted  when they found out @realDonaldTrump was executive producer
Sen Richard Blumenthal on Sessions recusal:  "He has to be brought back to the Judiciary Committee" to answer questions
Democrats still calling for a special prosecutor - some still calling for resignation.
@PeteWilliamsNBC reports the ACTING deputy attorney general will now take over the investigation.
The Deputy Attorney General would typically take over the investigation Sessions recused himself from but he hasn't been confirmed yet
Key here:  the Sessions recusal only affects the campaign period - any activity after the Inauguration, he has not removed himself.
Sessions says he turned down lunch invitation from Russian Ambasaador but also of meeting "I don't remember a lot of it"
"Most of these Ambassadors are pretty gossipy" but I don't remember any conversations about the campaign - Sessions
Sessions on Sept meeting w Russian Ambassador: 2 are staffers there - "we listened" to Ambassador about normal concerns - terrorism, Ukraine
Sessions says his staff recommended recusal- he studied the rules and believes the recommendations "are right and just" and he will recuse
AG Sessions denies any campaign conversations with Russians and says testimony was "honest and correct" &amp; will write to Judiciary Committee
With 50+ members of Congress  calling on Jeff Sessions to recuse himself from Russia investigation or resign he's about to make a statement
Key GOP. Congressmen - Kevin McCarthy and Jason Chaffetz join Dems in calling for Sessions to recuse himself from Russia investigation.
Nancy Pelosi says unequivocally that Jeff Sessions "lied under oath" and is "unqualified and unfit" to serve as Attorney General
President stayed largely on message, likely to staff relief - far fewer ad libs  for him - and notable for its lack of attacks on the media
Almost exactly one hour long - a more traditional -successful? - speech his base will love but also much to keep fact checkers busy
Trump again points at Democrats when he says, "The time for trivial fights is behind us."
Heartbreaking reminder with the emotion of the widow of Seal Team Six's Ryan Owens of the debt we owe those in service to our country
Democrats applaud for paid family leave
Trumps guidelines for better healthcare: keep coverage fo pre-existing conditions, tax credits and health savings accounts
There it is: a call to repeal and replace Obamacare while Dems give a literal and figurative thumbs down
POTUS calls for national rebuilding of infrastructure to create jobs and slips in US has needed someone who can negotiate
Dems applaud when POTUS says we must make it much much harder for companies to leave our country
President acknowledges Maureen Scalia - widow of late Justice and she applauds the mention of his potential successor, Neil Gorsuch
Trump says construction of a "great" wall will begin soon at the southern border
Trump begins speech condemning hate and evil in all its forms - says he is delivering a message of unity from his heart
As Republicans cheered for President Trump many  Democrats sat  -No applause.
Five minutes before President Trump's first speech to a joint session of Congress .- First Lady enters to applause
Great conversation today with @DanMolloyCT @GovofCO @OregonGovBrown about Obamacare replacement concerns https://t.co/ugymavedYt
Mahershala Ali gave such a deep and moving performance in "Moonlight" - and his win brought Hollywood to its feet - a heartfelt speech
Sen John McCain says he'll vote against Trump's nominee for OMB Director Rep Mick Mulvaney who wants to cut defense spending.
Sources inside the WH and on Capitol hill tell NBC Andy Puzder is expected to withdraw his nomination for Labor Secretary
Watch @SenatorCarter @ebenezer_atl @SamforGeorgia @DerreckKayongo  @TheJasmineGuy talk politics in minutes on #MSNBC
After Michael Flynn resigns following a record (short) 24 days - some Russian officials  defend him; one suggests "russophobia" at WH
Chrissy Teigen totally rockin' to Bruno Mars.
It's not JUST the music. The Grammys are fun- other Awards shows should take lessons in pacing, entertainment factor, surprises &amp; ATTITUDE.
Two spectacularly gifted singers - Adele and Beyoncé - could their styles be any more different? - glorious - but can Bey put on a show. Wow
Best New Artist Chance the Rapper thanks God, his parents and Chicago -- "I claim this victory in the name of the Lord"
Jennifer Lopez:  At this particular point in history our voices are needed more than ever - and then quotes Toni Morrison
Adele is - let's go out on a limb - a tough act to follow - but James Corden is just so lovable and original and funny and...yes...un-pc
The US Education Dept misspelled the name W. E. B. DuBois in a tweet then another mistake: "..our deepest apologizes for the earlier typo."
Snowden responds to NBC report, calling it- irrefutable evidence that I never cooperated with Russian intel. No country trades away spies...
NBC News reports exclusively via 2 sources Russia's considering returning Edward Snowden to the US - Trump has called him a total traitor.
Happy to fly into NYC on a gorgeous night - calm before the storm - boards already showing weather cancellations. https://t.co/s4DHFuHYMd
@POTUS tweets congratulations to Jeff Sessions - his swearing in as attorney general expected tomorrow morning.
Jeff Sessions is confirmed as US Attorney General 52-47; Jesse Jackson calls it the most devastating blow to civil rights in 50 years
Oh - remember when you were a kid and nothing was as good as this?Due to expected significant snowfall NYC Schools will be CLOSED tomorrow
Weight Brothers First Flight monument: "achieved by dauntless resolution and unconquerable faith" https://t.co/7NPmI5JeX0
What can you say?  Whoever you were rooting for - a comeback for the ages. THAT is a great game.
If you stopped watching this game - bad move.
Julio Jones. That was incredible
From the pool note: In an effort to beat traffic, probably, the VP has decided to leave (Super Bowl) just as things are getting interesting.
When has there been a missed extra point in the Super Bowl?
Report from Trump Int'l Golf Course  that President Trump is leaving the Super Bowl party with his team trailing.Reince Priebus is w/ him.
Think I missed most of the halftime show after going into shock when Gaga jumped into the stadium.ARE. YOU. KIDDING. ME? And where'd she go?
You gotta love seeing George HW and Barbara Bush on the Super Bowl field - he, so soon after being in the ICU.  Carpe Diem!
My brother says I should have tweeted this photo!  (Everyone's a critic :-) https://t.co/h6jojiTsIz
Winter sunset.  Duck, NC https://t.co/O0hceSbHpu
A cold, clear day heading to NC's Outer Banks. And that means barbecue. https://t.co/4nC8iTQzxD
Reax to judge's temporary block of Trump’s immigration ban:  @ACLU - a "stinging rejection" @BernieSanders - "heartened" by the ruling
On @MSNBC at 11E a revealing conversation on Democratic strategy with @TinaBrownLM @chriscquinn @TamikaDMallory @ACLU and @PeterKauffmann
WH officials briefing re: putting Iran "on notice" wouldn't rule out anything incl military options; hoping Iran will rethink its behavior
The family of William "Ryan" Owens has asked for privacy; no press coverage. Delaware Dem @ChrisCoons there too. Heartbreaking
@POTUS and Ivanka Trump at Dover AFB for arrival of remains of Navy SEAL killed early Sunday in Yemen during a raid on Al Qaeda
Joe Biden's support of Tom Perez for DNC chair not sitting well w @BernieSanders - issuing statement warning of a failed status-quo approach
Coin toss at the Super Bowl?  Pres and Mrs George HW Bush. If he parachutes into NRG Stadium I will skip the game and watch that on a loop
The Senate has confirmed Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State
President Trump encourages Mitch McConnell to "go nuclear" if his Supreme Court pick can't get 60 votes
I didn't vote for Trump but he deserves this pick - Sen Lindsay Graham
RT @mitchellreports: .@ChuckTodd: he made an incredible 1st impression predicts it will be harder for democrats to unify behind filibuster…
Pres Trump clearly believes Gorsuch is ready for prime time with the historic setting; he's modest and shows slight emotion- Dems will fight
Gorsuch says he will be a "servant of the Constitution and laws of this country" and "Justice Scalia was a lion of the law"
Gorsuch was Harvard Law classmate of Barack Obama. The Coloradan could replace Antonin Scalia, outspoken voice of the conservative bloc.
Trump nominates Judge Neil Gorsuch, 49, to Supreme Court. He's  Columbia, Harvard and Oxford, 2X Supreme Court clerk + fmr Justice Dept
RT @dlippman: .@PlaybookPlus Birthday of the Day: @ChrisJansing, celebrating w/ dinner at an Italian restaurant in NYC -- Q&amp;A: https://t.co…
If you haven't been watching @tombrokaw The First Fifty Years you should join in progress. Amazing program. West coast - coming on soon!#nbc
Reports world's largest long haul carrier-Emirates airline-changes crew rosters after US sudden travel ban on 7 Muslim-majority countries
Protests now in places like Boston while in Maplewood NJ hundreds form committees on racial injustice, immigration https://t.co/inRLl0u3IN
@realDonaldTrump w British PM says "I'm not as brash as you might think...I'm a people person"  and "I was right about Brexit"
@POTUS says Mexico has "beat us to a pulp" on trade and he's going to do something about it
On MSNBC w @tvkatesnow more of my CA round table on what's next for Dems @BarbaraBoxer @tonygoldwyn @jamieleecurtis https://t.co/QHgn4ZbrEd
She turned the world on with her smile - and made a newsroom look like a very cool place to work. Mary Tyler Moore has died at age 80
Donald Trump meeting with auto execs:  We're  bringing manufacturing back to the U.S. big league. We're reducing taxes very substantially.
Meryl Streep with Oscar nod #20 -- and Mel Gibson's made a comeback, nominated for Hacksaw Ridge
From LA- just happen to be here- Oscar nominations:La La Land ties Titanic and All About Eve for most nominations ever: 14
Former President's spokesman provides photo of George HW &amp; Barbara Bush; she's out of hospital; he should be soon. https://t.co/7Altz1PiNv
Federal register says Trump declared Inauguration  "National Day of Patriotic Devotion to strengthen bonds to each other &amp; to our country".
So far this briefing not only has a different and more combative feel than in the past but questions and answers are markedly shorter.
Spicer says reporting of Inaugurarion was "demoralizing" -the numbers of inaugurarion indicative of larger issue, we're "not always wrong"
Spicer on frustration: "Constant theme to undercut" by this narrative that's not reflective of his success, "to undermine his credibility".
Spicer's "most watched" statement: experts say- not correct to add online to TV views- duplication, &amp; online counts as little as a second
Spicer on weekend protests:  A lot of people were there to protest a particular issue and not necessarily against something, i.e. Trump.
Sean Spicer at 1st briefing admits some of what he said on Saturday was wrong but not knowingly &amp; w/online says was most watched Inaugural
Ready to go on Capitol Hill 4 MSNBC -latest administration moves and what will Sean Spicer say on "alternative facts? https://t.co/9X0zgn8cYg
We the People petition to get Trump to release his tax returns is at 	129,486 sIgned; Obama policy was to respond to anything over 100,000
Chicago police report crowd so big the march has been changed to a rally https://t.co/siaN1aWlb4
Plenty of men seem to be heading to the women's march in NYC https://t.co/yHR7ryeJ3D
In NYC large groups of people carrying signs heading in the direction of the march - some chanting "equal pay"! https://t.co/8V8y8liLyz
Fifth Avenue NYC virtually deserted - closed off -  in anticipation of today's March https://t.co/oRw1scg4wC
The National Prayer Service is underway in DC https://t.co/yNqVUtD4SP
Join MSNBC for all day coverage of the march on Washington and many more around the world. https://t.co/4hVAQQBkwa
Former President &amp; Michelle Obama about to leave for CA but not before many hugs and warm goodbyes from his former staff gathered there.
@realDonaldTrump promised a short speech: it was 1433 words.	Obama's were 2395 and  2096 but  Jimmy Carter’s 1229 words and JFK’s 1366 words
@realDonaldTrump "We must think big and dream even bigger... We will not fail"
The new President calls the Obamas "magnificent" for transition then paints a bleak picture of the state of the union Obama lead for 8 years
Rain starts to fall as President Trump begins his Inaugural Address
Donald J Trump is sworn in and for the first time called "Mr. President" by the Chief Justice. https://t.co/TeKYdzDfP5
Around the country - many Democrats have chosen to do public service rather than watch the  Inaugurarion.
One oath given. Mike Pence is now Vice President of the United States
The First Families have arrived at the Capitol https://t.co/fRKvm9vHTo
Final polish on the Presidential motorcade https://t.co/NUmMPUEib9
Pre-positioning the Presidential motorcade on the East Lawn of the Capitol - and what is known as "The Beast" https://t.co/51y7aGBfuD
The arrival of Hillary Clinton - a striking example of "country first" and the peaceful transition of power https://t.co/mU0EjMi5ef
Former President and Laura Bush arriving - Jimmy Carter and Trump children have arrived as well https://t.co/WSv4Pjm4ww
That's Speaker Paul Ryan and his wife getting into a motorcade on Inauguration morning. https://t.co/LGW7fJQFof
The Marine helicopter has arrived that will take Barack and Michelle Obama to Joint Base Andrews after Inauguration https://t.co/i6H6M8dpWV
Inaugural morning. Pre-dawn crowds are filtering toward the Capitol - in less than 5 hours the oath of office. https://t.co/caQvUDhIh9
How do he &amp; First Lady talk to their daughter about this election? "We tried to teach them resilience and hope" https://t.co/J1YvCSQoob
@POTUS "I worry about inequality...voting rights, which trace directly back to Jim Crow..and that's not who we are. https://t.co/t0k2jJUedc
@POTUS on Inaugural boycott: "All I know is I'm going to be there and so is Michelle"
@POTUS begins his final press conference sending prayers and love to George HW and Barbara Bush - both hospitalized https://t.co/9U6bdnceQJ
Packed WH briefing room for last @POTUS press conference - now with an approval rating of 60% https://t.co/m4XterTQiP
Bush 41 has now been moved to the ICU w pneumonia; he's 92 and his wife - 91 yr old Barbara Bush has also been admitted w coughing/fatigue
Bush 41 letter to @realDonaldTrump "My doctor says if I sit outside in January, it likely will put me 6 feet under" https://t.co/t9jVXy6dkt
2 days before inauguration, 69% say Trump’s tweeting is bad, 55% strongly oppose Twitter to announce policy decisions https://t.co/wkPeLcuurX
Former President George H.W. Bush has been hospitalized as a precaution after experiencing "shortness of breath" -92 yr old has Parkinson's
NBC poll: Trump has lowest-ever ratings for an incoming president, 52% disapprove of handling of transition. Just 38% view Trump positively.
@POTUS largely commuted sentence of Wikileaks leaker Chelsea Manning; who will be released this May instead of 2045; served 7 years
WH confirms what had been reported - @POTUS will spend his first days as former President in Palm Springs where he's been known to play golf
@POTUS in the briefing room honoring press secretary Josh Earnest before the final briefing "He is a really, really good man"
Another poll shows Trump approval ratings are at least 20 points lower than other recent incoming Presidents- he says the polls are rigged.
"Never ever give up when you know that you're right. Never hate. The way of love is a better way" - John Lewis to young scholarship winners"
@realDonaldTrump will meet w MLK III today whose dad said, "I have decided to stick to love...Hate is too great a burden to bear"
Martin Luther King, Jr: "Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere." https://t.co/n7Zu0Eb86V
Among so many great MLK quotes: "Darkness cannot drive out darkness, only light can do that"
@annenbcnews @adamfisherfb
@POTUS surprises some people:  We get a bill every month for toilet paper and toothpaste and orange juice. We paid for our vacations.
@POTUS:  The girls are ready to leave the White House. They're  "of an age when constraints of Secret Service have gotten old"
@realdonaldtrump says he'll keep account and nearly 20 M followers after Friday. @POTUS has about 13.5 million followers reports @KellyO
You can't run an improvisational Presidency - @POTUS on 60 Minutes "Don't underestimate the guy". He's gonna be President.
Sunset as I fly back into D.C. for Inauguration week -- and the last Press conference for @POTUS https://t.co/KZh80Uiyj5
@POTUS final weekly message	It has been the honor of my life to serve you as President/I am even more optimistic about our country’s promise
@JoeBiden  calls @POTUS "...a remarkable man who did remarkable things for this country".
The Obamas and Bidens - on stage Tuesday night - now together in the WH for one final tribute as partners and friends https://t.co/gQFZ8PRj4W
@JoeBiden gets a laugh saying of his wife @JillBidenVeep "Everybody knows I love her more than she loves me"
@JoeBiden totally surprised by the Medal of Freedom - thought he was going to a small gathering with champagne.
A very emotional @JoeBiden is awarded the rare Medal of Freedom with distinction - joining Pope John Paul, Ronald Reagan and Colin Powell
"This gives the internet one last chance to talk about our bromance"	Obama to Biden
"A lion of American history" - Obama on Biden "vision - reason - optimism - a love of people...a pretty remarkable legacy.
RT @NBCNews: WATCH LIVE: President Obama delivers remarks at a tribute to VP Biden https://t.co/jKZ1nP1Ujr https://t.co/Pwsw3JtIDH
@POTUS beginning a tribute to @JoeBiden at the White House. VEEP emotional.
100+ reporters gathered already for Trump press conference at 11E. 	It will take place in the marble lobby of Trump Tower
@POTUS is back in DC after his 445th mission on Air Force One: 2,799 hours or 116 days, 49 states.  He's said recently he will miss flying
So many "lasts" - now, final press pass for covering President Obama. What a ride.... https://t.co/xeU2iX197I
The President, First Lady and Malia lingered before an adoring crowd he told, "Yes we did" https://t.co/J78pziQoap
If you’re tired of arguing with strangers on the internet, try to talk with one in real life. https://t.co/IDlSdfXkkB
Another standing ovation for: "To all who serve, it has been the honor of my lifetime to be your Commander-in-Chief." https://t.co/cIteNtvrk9
"You made me a better President and you made me a better man" https://t.co/2VMLOW7WNx
If we decline to invest in the children of immigrants, just because they don’t look like us... https://t.co/Jfzwm2jVWn
Among VIP guests: FLOTUS, Malia, Mrs. Robinson,Jarrett, Auma Obama, Castro Bros... https://t.co/48pwAcrtCN
....we diminish the prospects of our own children – because those brown kids will represent a larger share of America’s workforce. (Cheers)
The ovation from @POTUS adopted hometown is deafening - like rolling thunder. https://t.co/x8FJpitRLy
Big cheer from the crowd that can see Malia and her mom, FLOTUS, walk in to hear the Farewell Address https://t.co/9yoyWw325F
Former Obama sr staff file in and tell me they've got "mixed emotions", "going to try not to get too emotional" "can't believe it's ending"
.....Lew, McDonough, Lynch, Psaki, Earnest, Axelrod, Plouffe,  Pfeiffer, Simas, Zients  current &amp; former members of congress + 20,000 or so
Eddy Vedder of @PearlJam - the warm up act as huge Chicago crowd waits for @POTUS - aides say he's feeling nostalgic https://t.co/uGZHC6FNRE
Tonight @POTUS: "Change only happens when ordinary people get involved, get engaged, and come together to demand it.” https://t.co/06YsWGG93m
Up to 20,000 expected for @POTUS Farewell Address in Chicago including @MichelleObama @JoeBiden &amp;  current, fmr staff https://t.co/e4awp8haCZ
Dylan Roof sentenced to death for Charleston church murders.
In 2+ years covering @POTUS longest media line I've seen -- for his Farewell Address in rainy Chicago tonight. https://t.co/mfHoHt9wxq
Dylan Roof jury considering death penalty for Charleston church shooting is entering the court now --deliberations lasted less than 3 hours.
Inaugural Committee Chair says the Trumps will have coffee at the White House Friday morning and ride to the Capitol with the Obamas
RFK Jr met w Donald Trump, says "He asked me to chair a commission on vaccine safety and scientific integrity."  He said yes
In Charleston @gabegutierrez reports Dylan Roof closing argument drew gasps:   "Only one of you has to disagree with the other jurors."
Settle in for a long day, kids. Chairman Grassley says he's willing to go as long as people have questions for AG nomination of Sen Sessions
RT @cavs: AT THE BUZZER - @KyrieIrving #NBAVOTE !! https://t.co/jcDgkjMsdo
Meryl Streep w/ a quietly brutal and deeply felt takedown of Donald Trump without saying his name. And she calls for press to protect truth
Viola Davis' brilliant tribute to the incomparable Meryl Streep reminds us of TWO of our greatest actors - #greatgifts
RT @cavs: Bron → Frye for the candy paint job finish!	Our #CavsSuns 2Q @StateFarm #RightCombination 🔁 https://t.co/Tbx3AeUaLX
@TheFix Damien Chazelle is talented enough to make anyone feel inadequate. The fact that he's 31 is merely depressing.
Can we just play that Kristen Wiig - Steve Carell bit on a loop?
Damien Chazelle - how is he only 31?? made Whiplash and now - fab LaLa Land. Even though the ending was heartbreaking. Agree or disagree?
Viola Davis "I took all the pictures and went to the luncheon" in hilarious deadpan accepting for the great "Fences" #GoldenGlobes
Such a funny, moving, generous and loving acceptance by @RyanGosling - all that in about a minute. Magical, like his performance #LALALAND
Accepting the Globe for best song "This is for musical theater nerds everywhere" - charmingly authentic (and guilty as charged) #LaLaLand
Clearly we all need to take a month off to binge-watch all the great TV out there. I'll be starting with shows from 2015. Or earlier #globes
An amazing production number a la La La Land opens the Globes followed by no teleprompter for an oh so smooth Jimmy Fallon
Whatever else you think about 2016 - it's been a great year for TV and movies. The Golden Globes should be fun....
@MichelleObama emotional message to youth Lead by example with hope and never fear....
@MichelleObama final message to young people: they matter. They belong. Don't be afraid, be focused.  Empower yourself with a good education
The economy added 156,000 jobs in December, Unemployment was slightly up to 4.7%.   Average hourly private-sector earnings were up 10 cents
President Obama leaves Capitol Hill without talking to the press but Dems inside meeting tell @kasie they're "fired up" - huge fight coming
Chuck Schumer:  GOP wants to make America sick again, by repealing Obamacare. Says the entire health care system will be thrown into chaos
Pence: Our message is very simple:  We are 16 days away from the end of business as usual in Washington DC, we're going to keep our promises
@SpeakerRyan after GOP meeting w/Pence on Obamacare:  "This law is failing as we speak" - need "stable transition" to patient-centered care
@POTUS has arrived on Capitol Hill with Obamacare on the line - he'll strategize with Dems, VP-elect Pence w GOP gearing up for a fight
President George HW and Barbara Bush won't attend Inauguration for health reasons. They are 92 and 91. He was also unable to attend in 2013
WH's Josh Earnest says expect more transfers from Gitmo by Obama. Trump tweets: should be no further releases - extremely dangerous people
Washingtonian reports that Ivanka and Jared Kushner will move into a  $5.5 million house in DC's Kalorama neighborhood; blocks from Obamas'
Both classy and democracy at its best:  President and Hillary Clinton &amp; President HW and Laura Bush will attend the Trump Inauguration
Paul Ryan has been reelected Speaker of the House for the 115th Congress. Only one Republican voted against Ryan.
Under pressure and intense criticism House GOP  withdraws changes to the Office of Congressional Ethics; it will stay an independent body.
GOP decides not to drain the swamp; guts their own independent ethics office - lawmakers will now police themselves. Ryan, McCarthy against
Yes- it's New Year's Eve in NYC - crowds are growing - and what made me think I should pop out to get milk at 5pm?? https://t.co/kQeDL5kI4c
SURPRISE: Vladimir Putin says Russia won't retaliate after the US imposed sanctions &amp; expelled diplomats tho foreign minister recommended it
Your heart has to break for Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds' family...may they find peace in the thought of them together.
NBC confirms Debbie Reynolds death -Todd Fisher: "She’s gone to be with Carrie. She loved taking care of her &amp; now she’s gone to be with her
It had to be @KingJames @cavs for AP Male athlete of the Year. Thank you for the joy you brought to Cleveland!  Now, repeat please.
NBC News has confirmed the death of actress Carrie Fisher. From her daughter: She was loved by the world and she will be missed profoundly
Publicist for singer George Michael confirming to British press he has died at 53. Former lead singer of Wham sold 100m + records.
Spectacular finish by the @cavs over the Warriors - Browns yesterday, Cava today. A Merry Christmas indeed 🎄
Jason Miller backs out of becoming communications director at the Trump WH. Wants to spend more time w family; his wife is expecting
It's a Christmas Miracle!!! My @Browns have won their first game of the season. I got what I wanted for Christmas - a win &amp; home 4 holidays
The guy behind the podium at WH briefings will be RNC's Sean Spicer; but no word yet on whether the press sec'y daily briefings will end...
@POTUS says he doesn't think @HillaryClinton was treated fairly on emails: "an obsession that dominated news coverage https://t.co/seGLsOBJD2
@POTUS says it's been just days since he spoke w  @realDonaldTrump
POTUS kicks off end of year presser w list of accomplishments he sees - and challenges that remain https://t.co/HujGiHNhMO
In advance of Obama presser NBC confirms WashPo- FBI backs CIA view that Russia intervened to help Trump win election https://t.co/ipHHAd0nqM
Completely PACKED WH Briefing Room for Obama end-of- year press conference. Will he reveal action against Russia? https://t.co/KODJZDppXq
At Trump Tower now meeting w the President-elect: Kanye West, who said at a concert he didn't vote but if he did he would've voted for Trump
The expected has happened -Trump will nominate Rex Tillerson - CEO of ExxonMobil as Secretary of State.
Trump says Rudy Giuliani removed his name from running for a position in the new administration last mo; remains vice chair of transition
Baton Rouge crowd waiting expectantly as @realDonaldTrump was scheduled to speak 2 hours ago https://t.co/0WHQbg5V22
Packed airport hangar in Baton Rouge LA waiting for @realDonaldTrump Get Out the Vote rally for John Kennedy 4 Senate https://t.co/vafJirQlCA
This is Democrats' last chance to "beat Trump" - long shot Foster Campbell in the runoff for US Senate from Louisiana https://t.co/KQSDxGBHcR
John Glenn is remembered at the airport that bears his name in Columbus OH https://t.co/zJLTKKdcx0
@realDonaldTrump after meeting w victims of OSU attack - calls them amazing people; first responders "incredible"-notes death of John Glenn
At Harry Reid farewell @HillaryClinton jokes "...after a few weeks of taking selfies in the woods, I thought it was a good time to come out"
Gov Kasich on John Glenn's death: "...his heart never strayed from his steadfast Ohio roots.  Godspeed, John Glenn!”
Remembering the awe as I covered John Glenn's Return to Flight when he was 77; he was w RFK when he was shot and ran for President in 1984
Fmr Sen John Glenn - legendary astronaut &amp; first American to orbit the earth - has died at 95. As a child growing up in OH - he was a hero
Disturbing report in WashPo on life expectancy declining:  heart disease and stroke, diabetes, drug overdoses, accidents among the reasons
The always-crowded Chicago airport nevertheless quite festive as I head to @realDonaldTrump event in Columbus tmr https://t.co/Qd4815X21Y
Trump: we don't like it when we see people burning our flag. "We'll see what we're going to do about that" https://t.co/N3MQKm02Pi
Gen Mattis takes the stage - VERY brief remarks acknowledges he needs congressional waiver to become Defense Sec'y https://t.co/3rk8f0wRew
Trump:  "We build up our military not as an act of aggression but as an act of prevention" &amp; intros "Mad Dog" Mattis https://t.co/3xRQCzts1C
In Fayetteville NC - home to Fort Bragg - waiting for @realDonaldTrump @MikePenceVP and Defense nominee Gen Mattis https://t.co/sCI9zEYBjx
Rep Ileana Ros-Lehtinrn on death of Fidel Castro: "A tyrant is dead and a new beginning can dawn" on  Cuba
Cheerleaders!  Majorettes!  Marching bands!  Very USA Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. https://t.co/6BfP6PjlKD
Gives new meaning to the phrase Big Band https://t.co/SWyfRScrJf
It's the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade!  I ❤️NY https://t.co/IxGRxlsbO2
Just 21 &amp; in college when she designed the Vietnam Memorial Maya Lin got a B+ but today Medal of Freedom from @POTUS https://t.co/3CrMflXVFh
Lorne Michaels changed television - and created a campaign must-see - with Saturday Night Live #MedalofFreedom https://t.co/ua5NOTwIeT
I asked Robert Redford if there was a movie in the last year and a half of politics - he smiled and said stand by https://t.co/Y4kcf2dJlM
@VinScullyTweet - genius with words and clearly @POTUS is a big fan. Ran into Bob Costas who was at WH for Scully https://t.co/GoqISJNbxV
New Jersey's finest @springsteen honored for his brilliant music and wok on behalf of all Americans #MedalofFreedom https://t.co/hKVeyf4dsC
Cicely Tyson - great actress who opened broke barriers and opened doors. https://t.co/p8mHfWGray
C'mon!  DIANA ROSS!!  @DianaRoss and the Presidential Medal of Freedom. https://t.co/VNFJuVUVHW
Among your favorite movies - doesn't one of them star Tom Hanks?  @tomhanks w @POTUS - Medal of Freedom https://t.co/M6SqvkQ4JO
Software genius Margaret Hamilton - she's the woman who wrote the code that helped put men on the moon https://t.co/ny0NowiPdE
The extraordinary architect Frank Gehry - from Bilbao to LA - his work dazzles. https://t.co/6sWPrlDHeG
In the citation: "together we can remake the world as it should be" honoring Bill and Melinda Gates https://t.co/dvGJUL3cea
One of the great actors of all time. Robert DiNiro w the President https://t.co/xLlxd1jSTu
Emotional after being honored by @POTUS @TheEllenShow https://t.co/2RSaU6c5gc
I bet her heart is dancing. @TheEllenShow with @POTUS and the Medal of Freedom. https://t.co/JXTLw6F4nG
With his Medal of Freedom, the great Kareem Abdul -Jabbar https://t.co/pTf9GklA8q
Tom Hanks' family including Rita Wilson and Colin Hanks in the amazing crowd at the East Room for Freedom Medals https://t.co/My1L90XzzD
Today we celebrate extraordinary Americans - a particularly impressive class @POTUS on presidential Medal of Freedom https://t.co/FJLJyDFr9Q
Secretary of State John Kerry with Eric Holder at Medal of Freedom Ceremony watch it live on MSNBC https://t.co/tR8bDHcKYd
WHEW! @TheEllenShow is IN!  Proving fame &amp; the soon-to-be-awarded Medal of Freedom (highest civilian honor) no sub for ID w Secret Service
Witness to @POTUS history @petesouza talks Obama's last foreign trip, iconic photos and much more on MSNBC and .com https://t.co/TXx09kHs8Z
Amazing travel bonus-atop the Acropolis at the Parthenon with  NBC White House producer extraordinaire Stacey Klein https://t.co/e989XisNUY
In economically-challenged Greece @POTUS acknowledges globalization needs a course correction so more people benefit https://t.co/zm6LdrdyoA
In Athens @POTUS says democracy depends on a peaceful transition of power; democracy is bigger than any one person https://t.co/KsjSOxR3KX
@POTUS says he and PM spent much of time in meeting talking about Greek economic crisis - the worst in EU https://t.co/zIvPMnqF5c
Greek PM and @POTUS opening statements before taking questions https://t.co/5mtdIF7L7n
The stage is set - any minute now we will hear from @POTUS  and Greece's PM - their meeting went long... https://t.co/SVvE1BfacI
President GW and Laura Bush visited SPCA of TX last Tuesday to thank them and came home with a puppy - Freddy https://t.co/sPOGZNx7tr
I'll put the ethics of this administration &amp; our record of keeping trust w the american people against any administration in history- Obama
Guantanamo: It is true that I have not been able to close the darn thing because of Congress, but we have greatly reduced population-Obama
Obama: I will urge Trump to think long and hard before they are endangering the status of what -for all practical purposes are American kids
"With international agreements the tradition has been you carry them across administrations" - @POTUS as he's about to head to Europe
"I think he recognizes that this is different and so do the American people..."	Obama on @realDonaldTrump
@POTUS  - There are going to be certain elements of his temperament that will not serve him well unless he recognizes them and corrects them
I think on a lot of issues what comes now is the hard part.   Now comes governing.   Obama's message on Trump
@potus sees @realDonaldTrump not as ideological.  "I think he's pragmatic"...and I think he'll try to deliver.
Obama on Trump:  Do i have concerns?  Absolutely.  He and I differ on a whole bunch of issues.
Obama on mtg Trump: He is a gregarious person, who likes to mix it up He tapped into voters in a way that was impressive and I told him so
@POTUS on @realDonaldTrump and some of his positions:   Reality has a way of asserting itself.
This office has a way of waking you up; aspects of his positions that don't match up with reality he will find shaken up pretty quick -Obama
Obama advised Trump because of the bitterness and ferocity of campaign it's really important to reach out to minority groups, women, others
It's appropriate to let Trump make his own decisions and the American people will decide whether they like what they see. -Obama
Asked directly about Steve Bannon on Trump team, @POTUS says "without copping out" it would not be appropriate to comment
Trump will have time &amp; space to make judicious decisions; the incoming administration does not have to put out a huge amount of fires- Obama
Obama:  In an election like this so hotly contested and divided gestures matter.  How Trump reaches out - signals concern - can set a tone.
It was a free flowing and I think useful conversation- probably the most important point I made was how you staff- Obama on Trump mtg
I think the learning curve for President always continues - this is a remarkable job like no other job on earth - @POTUS
@potus:  I think it’s a healthy thing for the Democratic party to go through some reflection…for me not to be big footing that conversation
@POTUS on @gwenifill "I always appreciated her reporting even when I was on the receiving end of one of her tough interviews"
@POTUS re: a smooth transition says it's a norm vital to a functioning democracy -- then adds "so are reason and facts and analysis"
She will be missed by anyone who appreciates real journalism, a breadth of knowledge and understanding, a personal standard of excellence https://t.co/u1LbIk3j6T
Those of us in the White House press in Athens, awaiting @POTUS arrival, are sharing stories of @gwenifill - a true and generous colleague
Trump names RNC's Reince Priebus  chief of staff and fmr Breitbart Steve Bannon as Chief Strategist and senior counselor
The President says the @cavs met with AG Lynch and Valerie Jarrett on police-community relations. https://t.co/KyxjzpJhqr
Oh, Obama!  You had to bring up the Fumble and The drive?  Still there's a shiny trophy now that makes us feel better https://t.co/qXFciBfRAZ
@POTUS gets a laugh coining a phrase "LeBron James Jones" - fans will get it. @cavs https://t.co/RZcxxU5FlM
@POTUS gets in Bulls mention - then says "the comeback was remarkable" of the Cavs championship #winning @KingJames https://t.co/jCeTBwlvUB
@POTUS vpotus Gov Kasich all on South Lawn for LeBron and the Cavs https://t.co/VwagcwV39D
From one momentous meeting to another. On South Lawn - invited guests waiting for @POTUS  @cavs @KingJames https://t.co/lBhoW4H8V9
@POTUS calls meeting with @realDonaldTrump excellent - Trump says he has great respect for the President.
Oval Office meeting between @POTUS  and @realDonaldTrump over after more than an hour and a half
Denis McDonough taking Jared Kushner on the full stroll of the South Lawn -- same stroll he's taken with POTUS https://t.co/IKLzXyTS0L
The meeting between @POTUS @realDonaldTrump now 50+ minutes while outside chief of	staff Denis McDonough walking with Jared Kushner
Media pressed around the public entrance to the West Wing where soon @POTUS will meet w President-elect Trump https://t.co/D8yqoP8XHU
@BernieSanders - If Trump pursues racist, sexist, xenophobic and anti-environment policies, progressives and I will vigorously oppose him.”
@BernieSanders: I and progressives will support Trump if he's serious about pursuing policies that improve the lives of working families
Several dozen protesters for immigrant rights chanting in the dark outside the new Trump hotel DC https://t.co/3Bc6qBFkmo
NH Sen. Kelly Ayotte called Dem Gov. Maggie Hassan  to concede this afternoon. Dems +2 in Senate but GOP keeps control
"The path that this country has taken has never been a straight line"@POTUS calls on Americans-"go forward with a presumption of good faith"
In the Rose Garden @POTUS calls for the peaceful transition of power and "respect for each other"; says he hopes Trump will maintain that
It is no secret that Donald Trump and I had some pretty significant differences. - @POTUS promises to work hard for peaceful transition
About 100 WH staffers in the Rose Garden waiting for @POTUS - one in tears - many WH and campaign staffers have worked together
Dispiriting that as @HillaryClinton SO graciously calls for unity @carlquintanilla tells us Wall Street traders shout "lock her up"
Striking to see the vote count at the bottom of the screen as HRC delivered an incredibly important message of unity to a divided nation
HRC uses her concession speech for what has been a thread through her public life - supporting women and girls. Not suprising but moving
Clinton:  Our best days are still ahead of us.
HRC-To the little girls watching, never doubt that you are valuable and powerful and deserving of every chance and opportunity in the world
This @HillaryClinton concession is exceptional; a gift to the American people -clarity, calm, graciousness and a call to be our best selves
Fist pump from Tim Kaine when HRC says to room full of staff "you were the best campaign anybody could have expected or wanted"
@HillaryClinton with a big thank you to @POTUS @FLOTUS
"I still believe in America" and if you do....	we owe him an open mind and a chance to lead" - a gracious @HillaryClinton on Trump
"i knpow how disappointed you feel because I feel it too....this is painful and it will be for a long time" - HRC
"I hope he will be a successful President for all Americans" -@HillaryClinton
A long ovation from supporters of @HillaryClinton "A very rowdy group" she says
Standing O when Kaine quotes Faulkner:  "They killed us but they ain't whupped us yet"
Nobody had to question whether Hillary Clinton would accept an outcome of an election - Tim Kaine - directing toward Trump
Tim Kaine enters first and - emotional - says of @HillaryClinton - "She has been an is a great history maker in everything she has done"
HRC staff in the front row awaiting concession - Podesta, Palmieri, Mook and Huma Abedin....and a packed NYC ballroom of supporters
Waiting for @HillaryClinton to make her concession speech while @SpeakerRyan calls for "working to heal", that @realDonaldTrump set the tone
Back at the White House - with a staff adjusting to the reality the new resident will be @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/gvM1XUYwKq
NBC project Trump wins OH
12 states are now too close to call and top Democrat and Republican strategists now both texting me pretty shocked by early numbers
Now the results get serious. A bunch of poll closings at 9 while PA OH  NC FL too close to call
Asked if he's nervous about tonight @POTUS said "As long as the American people vote, I think they will do a good job."
His voice raspy from campaigning - Donald Trump and his wife Melania vote in NY - met by boos in Democratic bastion
Before dawn today the iconic Terminal Tower is unbiased!  Early voting shows Clinton underperforming in Cleveland https://t.co/0ZheykUSCR
Steady voting at 1 polling place in Cleveland; overall early vote down and @HillaryClinton needs big turnout here https://t.co/EchqUm33dF
Overflow crowd watches a big screen outside the UNH hockey rink where @POTUS will rally for @HillaryClinton https://t.co/JQRtJHkwdx
@KenBurns calls @POTUS the "other tall thin lawyer from Illinois" - argues tomorrow's choice couldn't be more clear https://t.co/ues1j3rX4g
Filmmaker/historian Ken Burns gets big ovation from crowd at UNH saying one candidate "is glaringly not qualified". https://t.co/8LyoFth6oJ
Several people in the FL crowd for @POTUS -unprompted-complaining bitterly about Comey; a few wished Obama commented https://t.co/h26IJSgDcW
@POTUS FL: You have the chance to elect the 1st female President. Don't let people tell you your vote doesn't matter. https://t.co/ZkYcVfPh9g
"The Obama Effect" - 11,000 people hear @POTUS push for Patrick Murphy against Marco Rubio - And the selfies start https://t.co/mW8vloEcil
The Obama effect. 4 someone like Patrick Murphy - down in the Senate race against Marco Rubio- exposure to thousands https://t.co/2IT2rQS0r8
Biggest cheers for @POTUS when he talks about respect for women and girls. https://t.co/8CxC97Ew4k
@POTUS "Two days Florida!  Two days until we decide the future of this country. And I need your help" https://t.co/Fu5mPBiWId
Stevie Wonder wrote something for @HillaryClinton - warming up for @POTUS "Already live in an America that's great" https://t.co/EdplQWtb1q
Cheers for Air Force One as @POTUS makes his way to FL with @HillaryClinton &amp; @realDonaldTrump race too close to call https://t.co/Yc5UAF0ovN
Big crowd for @POTUS in spite of in and off rain. Stevie Wonder is here for @HillaryClinton too as FL is a dead heat https://t.co/wsgiptFEFe
@realDonaldTrump rushed off stage in Reno by Secret Service agents after a disturbance; he's okay - waiting for details on what happened
Sources tell my colleague @KellyO that Chris Christie events in New Hampshire on behalf of Donald Trump are cancelled.
@KasimReed tells me Pres race in GA will finish "a point either way" &amp; "Trump has no chance if he loses here." https://t.co/Koemb8d5Xx
2 former aides to Trump surrogate Chris Christie convicted in Bridgegate; in 2015 Trump tweeted "He knew about it ...totally knew about it."
The economy added 161,000 jobs in October - Team Trump calls it disastrous. Dems say it's another sign of a strong economy.
Tonight in Raleigh: HRC plane lands 	Pharrell gets on to chat 	Trump press plane lands 	Trump plane lands 	Pharrell and HRC disembark 	#2016
Melania Trump speaking to a PA crowd "what I know for sure in my heart" about @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/hztAKsaHih
@POTUS big applause line in NC "She made me a better President" https://t.co/WgC3Q8jcVF
Before a big crowd at UNC Chapel Hill @POTUS says "the fate of the Republic is on your shoulders" - at GOTV event https://t.co/5nITQtxWSd
In Chapel Hill - a. Homecoming for @JamesTaylor_com and wife Kim with @POTUS stumping for. @HillaryClinton https://t.co/thH5NvnvN6
The tension in the closing minutes of this game was almost unbearable. Congrats @Cubs GAME SIX CLEVELAND!!  Go @Indians!!!!!
WOW. If you aren't watching the World Series you missed an incredible catch that cost my @Indians a HR. But @Cubs defense shines there.
Breaking:   https://t.co/7tVm2xnC5u
The @Indians are one win away from first World  Series Championship since 1948 - so inspired by the thousands of cheering fans in Cleveland!
Now THAT is drama. The Tribe pulls out a 1-0 win and fans at Progressive field - where the game wasn't played - go WILD! @Indians ROCK
Crowd @realDonaldTrump event cheers when he says FBI has reopened its investigation into Clinton's use of a private email server
NBC New confirms that @JoeBiden - fmr former foreign relations chairman - on short list for Secretary of State in a Clinton administration
Just landed at JFK- flight diverted from Laguardia because Mike Pence's plan went off runway. All are ok- Pence tomorrow on @Morning_Joe
A bit hug - @HillaryClinton and @FLOTUS after HRC makes a her speech a tribute to the First Lady https://t.co/4kMyRpNhBn
In NC @FLOTUS @HillaryClinton take the stage to a ROAR https://t.co/YBmvEKbRx0
Last minute mic check for @HillaryClinton @FLOTUS - lots of college students; moms and daughters in the crowd https://t.co/sEjSzVLezr
Thousands waiting for @HillaryClinton @FLOTUS in Winston-Salem NC for big get out the vote rally https://t.co/KvMXcmw3B6
Roy Cooper -in tight race for Governor in NC - says it's all about get out the vote efforts now as #of polls expands https://t.co/4ea86S7PZl
If you were born and raised as a Cleveland fan - a shutout and record setting game one - AMAZING. And my @Cubs seat mate a class act. Hugs!
I CAN HARDLY BELIEVE MY EARS!!! I realize I'm well behind the curve listening while flying but jeez that was thrilling.  OK - heart-stopping
NBA break: LeBron's triple double leads Cavs over Knicks in opener &amp; Cavs get championship ring and raise banner #clevelandagainsttheworld
OH=battleground. Chicago=Obama Scalped World Series ticket charged to @MSNBC seems reasonable campaign coverage expense.
Radio goes to a commercial break; I'm heading to NC where the Gov's race is about .5% apart, Senate +3 av Burr and HRC and FLOTUS coming Thu
"and the @indians lead the Cubs 3-0"
@Indians at 30,000 feet - maybe it's the lack of fresh air but I'm not handling the stress well.
On a plane from Salt Lake to Raleigh and CAN'T GET THE LIVE STREAM of the World Series.  Listening on radio.  And sitting next to a Cubs fan
Utah Rep Rob Bishop tells me he will vote for Trump but wouldn't say he endorses him, calling it semantics https://t.co/NBzmfa36QX
Fmr Republican Senator Larry Pressler now stumping usually red Utah for Hillary Clinton- speaking to fellow Mormons https://t.co/EH3kGy9Dba
On the road in Reno. Next stop:  Salt Lake City. Could Trump and Clinton BOTH lose Utah?  @Morning_Joe Tuesday https://t.co/vkt1L3H5JF
In Reno NV record turnout so far; one supermarket polling place has a long line through the liquor aisle. Insert joke https://t.co/Q0el2fVV2P
Las Vegas Review-Journal gives Trump his 1st major newspaper endorsement.  It's owned by Republican mega-donor &amp; billionaire Sheldon Adelson
@MeetThePress Trump Campaign Mgr Conway on him threatening his accusers: “It’s a way to defend himself…He’s just putting people on notice”
@realDonaldTrump says he'll accept election results -if he wins-Calls @HillaryClinton "candidate truly capable of anything incl voter fraud"
The lines in Wake Co NC mean  a 90 minute wait but voters tell me they're excited to cast ballots https://t.co/uDNwaXfM7W
17.8 million people on Facebook in the US generated 79.9 million likes, posts, comments and shares related to the third presidential debate.
And the headlines begin.... https://t.co/yPCP1hL8jd
Even as Trump not accepting debate results gets the headlines; I wonder will "I didn't even apologize to my wife" hurt him more w voters?
RNC calls debate "a textbook display of Clinton's dishonesty"...DNC: "Trump has no respect for women"
Yes, and there's the rub.... https://t.co/nPPJsfR6h9
I'm a bit fixated on baseball metaphors after @Indians win, but is the spin room a little like batting clean up - in the more literal sense?
RNC Chair Reince Priebus says Trump WILL accept the results of the election
SO many voters have told me they are afraid of what will happen the day after the election; doesn't ease fears to question the results now
At all 4 colleges that hosted debates I met impressive students who want to enter public service-know that, however disillusioned you may be
Easy 2 anticipate the @HillaryClinton folks in Spin Room: "Trump won't commit to accepting the results of the election" Peaceful transition?
There will be a long list of "Where was..." criticism -- among the loudest, where was the question on climate change?
"She will defeat ISIS!?  We should never have had ISIS in the first place" - DT
He is unfit!  You are the one that's unfit!  -- This is not helpful
This started out pretty substantively on the issues - now Trump takes the bait, unhappy years later he didn't win an Emmy for Apprentice
Trump says Hillary should never have been able to run. So the election is rigged.  That's not the man who at the start said she wouldn't win
"I will look at it at the time"  Trump won't commit to accepting whatever the election result is
@HillaryClinton gets a laugh when Trump says he sat in his beautiful apartment and she interjects "Made with Chinese steel"
Clinton is right that the Foundation has done impressive things - but unclear why Trump would interrupt when Wallace pushes on pay for play
Now Trump tries to make a pivot from assault accusations to emails.  The 33,000 emails line not likely to win over women voters he needs
"Donald thinks belittling women makes him bigger" - HRC  Clinton leads Trump among women of every age
Trump believes it's Clinton campaign behind sexual assault accusations; "i didn't even apologize to my wife" because I didn't do anything
A well-crafted experience comparison by @HillaryClinton - including being in the Situation Room for OBL while Trump was TV host
There's only one person on this stage who has shipped jobs to Mexico...given jobs to Chinese steel workers. - HRC direct aim at OH, PA, WI
Trump still believes it's a winning hand to argue that Putin doesn't respect for Obama or Clinton...giving her an opening
Clinton makes the turn from issues raised by WikiLeaks - to Russian hacking - and Trump calls her on it.
After talking to many conflicted evangelicals I wonder if Trump's abortion opposition will overcome serious ethical &amp; rhetorical objections
No lack of clarity on just how far apart @HillaryClinton @realDonaldTrump are on guns and abortion
First answer on Supreme Court and @realDonaldTrump let's it be known he still believes he's going to win the election
We knew it would be missing - as it was the last debate - yet it's still disappointing: the basic civility of a handshake didn't happen
I'm still trying to wrap my head around it; more unexpected than this campaign season. My @Indians are in the World Series!!!!
Countdown to the 3rd and final Presidential debate. Head of debate commission says TV audience could be 70 million+ https://t.co/RVLYLfU6VY
Had to say goodbye to hometown Cleveland at sunrise but will cheer my @Indians from afar this afternoon #GoTribe https://t.co/QgTPZD3LED
And Cleveland leads the series 1-0. I have no voice left. https://t.co/MoMTnaHW0k
Photo taken at the Cleveland - Toronto game. M'am...I believe those are Olympics mittens. https://t.co/27rCb9UZcK
Politics, as interpreted by @Indians fans. #alcs https://t.co/q79WUK3kYL
Game night in Cleveland! https://t.co/VgWmx7yDs7
More of my conversation with WH Political Director David Simas coming up this afternoon @MSNBC @HallieJackson https://t.co/QMykjLmlz2
Did something happen here in Cleveland? asks @POTUS and yes - brings up LeBron, who endorsed him. https://t.co/5GlmQqU26U
Cleveland crowd waiting for @POTUS for a get out the early vote rally - new poll has the OH race too close to call https://t.co/u6Fn5H8Wie
Farewell to Westerville - NBCs new OH poll has Trump up by one point w 4 candidates. Tied in a 2-way race. https://t.co/oltmnpQA1e
The fantastic students of @Otterbein (alma mater!) in Election 2016 class - say friendships challenged over politics https://t.co/QyviCYILTs
Now this is great:  Bob Dylan wins Nobel Prize in literature.
Big push by Team Clinton to run up the vote may be paying off in Cleveland OH area -strong 1st day early voting https://t.co/NbblVGkw92
Rudy Giuliani says @HillaryClinton doesn't belong in 9/11 "never forget" group; she lied about being there. She actually said she was in DC
Early voters outside the poll in Cleveland - folks supporting Clinton about 10-1 in a city where she needs to win big https://t.co/rtibFaAwJK
Thanks to WashU for debate All 4 student stand-ins for Clinton Trump Raddatz and Cooper had harsh words for Trump. https://t.co/wt2IBBGZDJ
The debate numbers are in and 19.8 million people on Facebook in the US generated over 92.4 million likes, posts, comments and shares. Wow
Clinton didn't let Clinton get under her skin/looked presidential but also may have missed opportunities on things like his Khan accusation
For millions who wanted a deep apology they didn't get it but Trump consistently appealed to his base. The pacing, looming, uncomfortable
Ah - now the handshake to end the debate
I ate a giant rice krispy treat during the course of this debate.  It was actually quite good but didn't make me feel any better about this
Mr Trump - what do you admire about HRC?  She doesn't quit.  She doesn't give up.  I respect that.
What do you admire about the other?  Hillary says his children are able and devoted and that says a lot about Donald.
Twitter reports this is the most tweeted debate ever.
@HallieJackson reports from Trump advisor that Bill Clinton accusers will be in the spin room tonight
Trump says Clinton has tremendous hate in her heart.
The deplorables question: says she apologized and smoothly pivots to Trump's controversial statements.  But still wishes she had it back
Trump's constant pushing back on moderators plays well with his base but not sure it helps him with anyone else.
Trump says he disagrees with his running mate on Syria.  Pence went to a football game today - a less combative place
Clinton says the situation in Syria is "catastrophic" - Russia is behind it - promises to take on Putin as President.
Asked for what she'd specifically change - Clinton goes after Trump - then outlines 3 tax hikes on the rich.
Asked what specifics he would change in the tax code Trump mentions one - and says he'll cut taxes "big league" for the middle class.
The government that Trump says is so broken - he now uses as proof that his financials are so strong - because he got the old DC post office
You are correct, Mr Haake https://t.co/ircNTdpfBf
Clear, point-blank questions tonight:  What is your position on the Muslim ban?  Trump says it's now "morphed into extreme vetting".
Trump asks why the emails haven't been brought up after a question and answer about emails??
Trump makes it clear, on a Presidential debate stage, he wants to put his opponent in jail.  What is the place beyond uncharted territory??
TRUMP: If I win I am going to instruct my attorney gen to look into your situation; there have never been so many lies so much deception
And she pulls it out:  "When they go low, you go high"...
17 minutes in Trump goes there: "Mine were words his was action"-says she attacked the women. It gets applause in the hall -- but at home?
HRC on Trump:  "I think it's clear to anyone who hear it that it represents exactly who he is."  Trump responds with pledges to help all.
Asked point blank if he ever groped women or kissed them uninvited Trump waits to say he hasn't - not the humble apology many GOP wanted
"This was locker room talk.  I'm not proud of it"  Suggests w so many bad things are happening - "it's one of those things."
No handshake but given a chance to go after Trump, Clinton plays it calm, cool and non-accusatory.  Now the question about the tape
One of the great quotes from @MichelleObama convention speech was: “When they go low, we go high”  What will we see tonight?
I cannot quite quiet the uneasy feeling in my stomach. And so it begins for debate #2
The intensity of this debate - the drama - arguably unlike anything we've ever experienced in a presidential debate
NBC confirms:  Bill Clinton accusers Juanita Broaddrick, Paula Jones &amp; Kathleen Willey will be in debate audience tonight
Team Clinton in the spin room very confident - laughing at Team Trump suggestions HRC will "overplay her hand" https://t.co/7q9QKGNhRT
@POTUS on Trump rhetoric: : It tells you he's that insecure enough that he pumps himself up by putting other people down
Sources close to Mike Pence deny to @KellyO talk of him leaving ticket though top GOPers tell me "no good options" to deal w Trump fallout
@POTUS in Chicago on Trump "We need to send a message to our kids about who we are" &amp; strong women like Hillary Clinton are the antidote
In a state where Trump leads OH Sen Portman:  While I continue to respect those who still support Donald Trump, I can no longer support him.
@BernieSanders on Trump: "I think there is a level of decency that a candidate for president has to achieve, and clearly Trump has not."
The latest GOP defection from an unexpected source - Condi Rice: "Enough! Donald Trump should not be President. He should withdraw."
@realDonaldTrump tells WSJ and Robert Costa no way he'll get out of the race. Campaign CEO Steve Bannon seen arriving at Trump Tower
Trump statement: Governor Mike Pence will be representing me tomorrow in Wisconsin. I will be spending the day in New York in debate prep
@SpeakerRyan says "I am sickened by what I heard today."  Trump not going to planned 1st joint campaign appearance Sunday in Wisconsin
John McCain on Trump:  "He alone bears the burden of his conduct and alone should suffer the consequences.”
A new chapter in the "What will Trump's effect be on down ballot candidates?" question. Imagine the Dem ads...
The # of GOP condemning Trump comments on women grows - a week after Jon Huntsman endorsed him, he now calls for Trump to step aside 4 Pence
Work goes on at the National Hurricane Center but now heading to Charleston via West Palm, Atlanta and Columbia SC. https://t.co/NJXeTyS5DV
Just arrived at a packed Orlando airport where thousands of people are leaving. Driving south to Miami. #matthew https://t.co/L1HulAKBEL
Mandatory evacuations underway in some FL counties - Matthew could move along FL east coast for 24 hours - shelters are open
FL Gov Rick Scott says Matthew a major hurricane and its impact will be devastating whether or not there's a direct hit -wind biggest worry
I re-watched a couple of previous VP debates.  Striking how much less candidates interrupted in the past (yet still managed to be effective)
History shows us VPs don't change elections.  But debates introduce the candidates to tens of millions. Pence set a strong base for prez run
That sound you hear is a sigh of relief from American voters that another debate is just days away...
Both campaigns will claim victory and both will believe it.
"You whipped out that Mexican thing again"
Discipline.  Pence on Clinton Foundation.  Kaine on Trump's refusal to release taxes.
#VPDebate These are prepared, disciplined debaters. Kaine consistent in his attacks on Trump - Pence won't defend Trump (or take the bait)
Pence makes a smooth turn commending Obama for bin Laden but says the threat today is ISIS and suggests military sacrifices were squandered
"You will look in vain" to see Trump apologizing or taking responsibility. - Kaine  Pence suggests Trump didn't say things that are on tape
Danger zone for any GOP candidate - or any candidate - to try to channel Reagan.  "There you go again" -- didn't go so well
Pence is asked about Trump (legally) not paying taxes - avoids the question
#VPDebate Pence talks about repealing Obama's exec orders - music to the ears of the conservative base and why POTUS will be on the trail
It didn't take long for the sparring to begin.
Pence accuses Kaine and Clinton of running an insult driven campaign.
Gov Pence and Sen Kaine take the stage - meeting for the first time at the biggest moment of their respective political lives.
A Trump aide told me tonight's debate is going to be a Ferrari vs a Pinto. Team Clinton: we're happy to be the US car https://t.co/2jG4ObxUjc
WH Comms Dir on @potus campaigning 4 Clinton "..the future of the country’s at stake, not to put it too dramatically" https://t.co/DvomNOutOA
Coming up on MSNBC - my conversation w WH Press Secretary Josh Earnest on @POTUS plan to help @HillaryClinton https://t.co/eOFyTvrJ4p
@KingJames endorsing @HillaryClinton in his hometown paper "...we need a president who brings us together and keeps us unified."
Writing that "Only one person running truly understands the struggles of an Akron child born into poverty", LeBron James endorses Clinton
Perfect Saturday night: C-SPAN re-airing previous VP debates including Quayle-Bentsen in 1988 https://t.co/MXIzymTkj2
@realDonaldTrump about @HillaryClinton and the next debate to NY TImes:  She’s nasty, but I can be nastier than she ever can be
Amid the Miss Universe controversy @DrJillStein tells HuffPo women in politics are dismissed, sidelined &amp; treated as second-class citizens
Trump tells NY Times Alicia Machado is the opposite of a Girl Scout &amp; he's absolutely disgusted that Clinton is politically allied w her
USA Today has never endorsed a presidential candidate but tonight its Editorial Board writes Donald Trump is "unfit for the presidency".
2 views of Jacksonville, Battleground FL #2 dinner of fried green tomatoes,sautéed kale &amp; mac n cheese - is that bad? https://t.co/dGwRUAH6Ey
Two views of Jacksonville in Battleground Florida: #1 stunning sunset https://t.co/ggUSjqV6iB
It's not just Facebook unfriending - new Monmouth University poll found that 7% of voters lost or ended a friendship over the 2016 election.
Clinton-Trump was the most watched Prez debate in history w 80 million+ viewers - plus PBS, C-Span and live streams https://t.co/mmFsR1wjAd
@timkaine in Orlando, FL acknowledging a tightening race: "This is going to be close right until the end." https://t.co/uisg27lmaT
Among the debate parties tonight: Singapore, Madrid, Barcelona, Matzatlan, Calgary, Auckland, Mexico City, Ecuador https://t.co/7E85atAPlR
Tens of millions of debate viewers excited/anxious...1000+ in the hall, too - fact checkers and spin rooms poised (well, spinning already)
The hottest ticket in this town or any town. Debate parties in cities across the US and abroad. https://t.co/4C86LOHImP
@DrJillStein arrives outside Hofstra debate site to shouts of "Let Jill debate!!" https://t.co/CCfDqGSkvY
Yes, it's quite a moment when DNC Chair Brazile and Trump campaign mgr Conway bond over baby pictures. https://t.co/hEtwibGoEh
Debate hall Hofstra - where tonight - potentially the most important 90 minutes of this campaign will happen @MSNBC https://t.co/ZMCh27Cdbx
Tonight's big debate: new polls show dead heat nationally - some battleground states closing and 34% say debate will influence their  vote.
Huge day in politics but let's pause and remember a great American:  Arnold Palmer, who showed as much mastery off the course as on.  RIP
NBC poll:  64 percent of voters have concerns about Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server during her tenure as secretary of state
NBC Poll:  – A combined 69 percent of American voters concerned about Donald Trump’s comments / language on women, immigrants and Muslims,
Suspect in NYC and NJ attacks -Ahmad Rahami - shot in Linden NJ and being taken to a hospital
A genius lost: playwright Edward Albee (Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?) has died at 88
About to join @mitchellreports - how NC voters now view @HillaryClinton @realDonaldTrump and all the controversies.
@realDonaldTrump now showing media around his new DC hotel but no print reporters or TV producers so no questions-like, will you apologize?
@POTUS on @realDonaldTrump birther reversal: I'm shocked that a question like that would come up when we've got so many other things to do.
A few sentences from @realDonaldTrump but answers no questions after his campaign has heavily criticized @HillaryClinton for lack of access
@realDonaldTrump says - incorrectly, as many fact checkers show  - @HillaryClinton started the birther controversy. And that he finished it
@realDonaldTrump now says @POTUS was born in the United States. Period. First time he's said that after leading birther charge
Clinton spox: "In the evening, she will phone in briefly to the event in San Francisco, which is proceeding as scheduled in her absence."
Clinton spox: "HRC continues to feel better, but intends to remain at home today, following her doctor's recommendation to rest."
After Apple CEO Tim Cook held a fundraiser for HR Clinton- the widow of Apple founder Steve Jobs is hosting one at her CA home from
Donald Trump tells reporters he thinks he's doing "really great" with minority voters; polls indicate otherwise
Italian Prime Minister Renzi says the earthquake near Norcia has killed at least 120 people.
Just watched Usain Bolt's 200 again - he, Ledecky, Biles and Phelps - what they did at these Olympics is on another level - super human
Brazilian judge doubts US swimmers'  story they were robbed; orders Ryan Lochte &amp; James Feigen passports seized; Lochte already back in US
This is NOT the badminton you play your backyard. 28 strokes in 23 seconds. https://t.co/gHtJ4bs0Ow
Cheering section. Finals of badminton. You'd think it was the NCAA final four.  I may lose hearing. https://t.co/xBJiivpVeM
WSJ says Trump to start airing 1st general election TV ads Friday. As of today- Clinton &amp; friends have been up for 2 months w $100 million+
Yes Simone Biles knows what it feels like to fly her way to gold # 4. USA's Aly Raisman wins silver https://t.co/5XiUZT7ixg
Yes Simone Biles knows what it feels like to fly her way to gold # 4. USA's Aly Raisman wins silver https://t.co/JJfvkQaJiF
USA's Dannell Leyva kisses silver medal he just won in parallel bars. He was an alternate - last minute add to team https://t.co/59ZESyYO7l
Usain Bolt says he hates morning heats -- but still cruises in first in round one of the 200 meters https://t.co/hMZRLGP7cG
USA's Lashawn Merritt 1st in his heat in the 200. Bolt next https://t.co/iVTPZFCsJ4
More Team USA hardware: Christian Taylor and Will Claye take gold and silver in men's triple jump competition
The fantastic @Lesdoggg who knows about social media trolls fights back for @gabrielledoug Starting #LOVE4GABBYUSA YES!! Gabby pure class
None of these beauties -gold medals -for TEAM USA yesterday-1st time in Rio but more chances today &amp; 75 medals total https://t.co/LFTEcQqybM
@PeterAlexander standing by for @TODAYshow https://t.co/RJkxCZUPfD
@LandJohnston yes!  Clinton leads by 14 in VA not WV!
@ChrisJansing lack of sleep fail!  Clinton leads by 14 In VIRGINIA @not WV
New NBC poll has Clinton ahead by 9% nationally. Just 17% say Trump has the personality and temperament to serve effectively as president.
1 of my personal heroes from Rio is Refugee Team swimmer Yusra Mardini of Syria who tells me she'll return in 2020 https://t.co/GbOjOcxyNa
USA's Lauren Hernandez with a terrific balance beam routine putting her solidly in medal contention https://t.co/x6MJH0hM2u
An uncharacteristic bobble may have cost Simone Biles a medal - for the remaining gymnasts --an opening https://t.co/SMTycMOdWD
Getting ready for balance beam - @Simone_Biles - 90 seconds that will determine if she moves toward history https://t.co/Xpf0ZYYIqF
Women's finals in balance beam getting underway. Can @Simone_Biles win gold #4? https://t.co/PISRU30h03
The greatest of all time @MichaelPhelps says this time he means it. On @TODAYshow says he's retiring from swimming "done done done"
There's a reason they call this show @waytooearly - but what a gorgeous morning in Rio! https://t.co/kA7jwcmhYp
WSJ: If GOP can’t get Trump to change his act by Labor Day, there's no choice but to write him off as hopeless &amp; focus on saving Congress
@Simone_Biles wins her third gold on vault adding to Gold all-around and team gold
@RyanLochte tells NBC he was robbed "the guy pulled out his gun, he cocked it, put it to my forehead and said get down". Took $$ but unhurt
NBC confirms Swimming superstar Ryan Lochte and 3 other swimmers were held up at gunpoint last night in Rio. Not hurt. $$$ and wallets gone
As workplaces go, Copacabana Beach would not be my least favorite @NBCOlympics https://t.co/iI285HD0mU
Trump: better elect me folks, I’ll never speak to you again.. imagine how badly I’ll feel if I spend all that money, energy, time and lost?
More Donald Trump quotes from CT rally: tells Make-A-Wish kid he's now going to be a movie star and should give him 10% once he’s famous
The greatest swimmer of all time @MichaelPhelps now has an astonishing 28 Total Olympic medals -23 GOLD after his final race.
And that's the way it's done: With a victory in the Women’s 4 x 100M Medley tonight, Team USA now has won 1,000 gold medals.
Looking to hit the 1,000 mark tonight. With Jeff Henderson’s gold medal in the Long Jump, the US now has 999 Gold Medals in Olympic history.
The medal rush continues for team USA in Rio: silver in the Women’s 100 for Tori Bowie
Another American record set in the pool in Rio in Men’s 1500 by Connor Jaeger - taking silver
Donald Trump in Fairfield CT:     "I'm not running against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I'm running against the crooked media."
The fierce women of @USAFencing sporting bronze medals in team sabre. Message to little girls: be strong! https://t.co/7oxt6MpKJx
USA's Simone Manuel adds a silver go her haul - tonight in the 50m https://t.co/Oai9FysPaO
Coming up on @MSNBC - what will @katieledecky do the celebrate her amazing Olympics?  She surprised me w her answer https://t.co/3haPs6BgRx
Another gold for team USA - this time in track and field. Michelle Carter set an American Record in the shot put
ANOTHER WORLD RECORD  FOR @katieledecky  that was REMARKABLE https://t.co/KeousuyA7B
@katieledecky is so far ahead in the 800 that I could swim the final lap and she'd still win gold. OK. Maybe not, but she's REALLY far ahead
Michael Phelps in his last individual Rio swim takes silver in 100m butterfly https://t.co/GsgyYArVtk
An ecstatic Maya Dirado USA surpasses Katinka Hosszu for the gold in the 200m backstroke - she looks to be in shock! https://t.co/YganYtVKfp
A color - coordinated flag ceremony. https://t.co/SC9jq6j4af
And Russian fans go wild!! Foil brings out their crowds - they'll bring home gold https://t.co/LENjRs2EyC
USA men win bronze in team foil - cool @USAFencing https://t.co/POoNpgNmFM
At the diving pool, the water is still an unappetizing, murky green. Ewww https://t.co/o9NdhewDuD
The stands pretty packed for the finals of women's trampoline - the Canadian just got a big score - cheers deafening https://t.co/6T47mKVs0t
In spite of what @MichaelPhelps says about Rio being his last Olympics @RyanLochte says "See you in Tokyo" https://t.co/77SJK7pTIe
Oh jeez. Rio 2016 closed the diving pool this morning to let green water settle and return to blue-Divers doing dry training this morning
History-making @simone_manuel telling me what gold means to her coming up on @MSNBC https://t.co/mLnA6SzTSM
When @MichaelPhelps won another of these tonight it meant four golds in Rio, 22 career golds &amp; 26 medals overall. https://t.co/unir0uXBep
@simone_manuel - what do you do after making history by winning gold? Maybe a dance party w roomie @katieledecky https://t.co/pWOe3gUe1W
@simone_manuel -first ever African American woman to win gold in swimming-tells me she hopes to inspire little girls https://t.co/YLME924xMv
After collecting his 22nd gold medal @MichaelPhelps takes a stroll around the pool https://t.co/MJ31xH0KaV
Tonight a disappointing 5th @RyanLochte tells me it's not the race he wanted - needs some to rest &amp; see what's next https://t.co/OJx2nPaerq
They're off!! https://t.co/U0siDOGspu
Phelps - Lochte about to start. Mood in here electric. https://t.co/iSXPxDy9hB
The scoreboard says it all. Phelps the greatest. Lochte 5th https://t.co/fFUZBRnd7u
A tearful @missyfranklin after a disappointing Olympics - heartbroken but as always, a model of class and grace. https://t.co/1kIAziK8k9
Whooosh!  That's how fast the Men's 50m freestyle is. https://t.co/sucVokmTfe
Historic!  Major congrats to Fiji for winning its first Olympic medal ever --a gold in rugby!  They've been at Summer Games since 1956!
Uh-mazing: USA is one-two @TeamUSAOlympics women's gymnastics AND LeBron signs for 3 more years w Cleveland. Yesss https://t.co/fXT5B7Hqig
Women's Gymnastics All-Around &amp; the flags of the top three w USAs @Simone_Biles gold @Aly_Raisman silver. Flawless https://t.co/bID2Rwa7er
Early Happy Birthday 2 @k_armstrong - who won gold medal #3 in cycling today on the eve of her own #43. She's v cool https://t.co/vIsfGN8Gqd
Twilight on Copacabana Beach. https://t.co/3UxcxbljfS
Rainy day in Copacabana Beach -good day for indoor events #RioOlympics2016 https://t.co/3XUDVLHjze
After medals ceremony @MichaelPhelps drives crowd insane - climbs into stands to kiss infant son Boomer https://t.co/eq8wrcdrD5
There's still time but...@KellyO reports Trump backer congressional candidate Paul Nehlen hasn't called Speaker Paul Ryan to concede.
This is what gold #20 looks like. Yup. Uh huh. @MichaelPhelps https://t.co/IKFH5DPikJ
RT @darrenrovell: Michael Jordan got 2 gold medals. The little girl he's holding now has 3. It's Katie Ledecky. https://t.co/W2PQGuckVL
Not to go all Team USA but @MichaelPhelps made his point, didn't he?  Shadow box all you want Le Clos - wasn't close https://t.co/vskrIrtyHV
That's Phelps and Les Clos in a revenge match - off the start https://t.co/SktaBkj7WY
Wow. @katieledecky off the blocks in lane five - another race, another gold. https://t.co/FSOjbp09ye
Check out the cool swimming venue. @katieledecky and @MichaelPhelps will be in the pool tonight for @USASwimming https://t.co/OIb29mNnaF
@TeamUSAOlympic superfans wearing the Stars and Stripes for @USASwimming in @Rio2016_en https://t.co/dCh4Qb4xOK
Faces in the crowd at big night for @USASwimming in Rio @ChrisJansing @PeterAlexander @cybergrrl #nbcolympics https://t.co/xeRBeoHffT
Team USA gymnastics brought it's own cheering section and a sea of red, white and blue https://t.co/TDhtd37RbU
Spoiler alert!! Somewhere inside that media crush are the Final Five - gold medal winning women of USA gymnastics. https://t.co/0L87FNoLRG
Team USA Alexandra Raisman - airborne over the balance beam https://t.co/bEMqK8QVgi
High above the balance beam @Simone_Biles flies. Can she lead Team USA to victory? https://t.co/YAO1FZmpfG
Team USA Alexandra Raisman - airborne over the balance beam https://t.co/dLpVPj5pZc
Team USA Alexandra Raisman - airborne over the balance beam https://t.co/gbi90qFRn8
The women's gymnastics team competition about to get underway. TEAM USA sparkling in red, white and blue. https://t.co/WWRki8PBRo
In my quest to expand my Olympic knowledge I'm at a handball match. Not what I expected. No idea what's going on https://t.co/7YN7fXyeC2
OK @heldilox what are we laughing at/with?  Your dad?  Nice gold medal. @NCState he's bringing it home! https://t.co/zcWdqmK8no
LOVE this family of @USASwimming Ryan Held - he brought us to tears after gold medal relay but check out the smile! https://t.co/Mq1fPs7Krw
At Men's gymnastics - definitely some hometown support with shouts of USA! USA! for the Americans..... https://t.co/1kOfI74CLj
Japan brought its own cheering section to the Men's Gymnastics team finals but deafening cheers are for Brazilians https://t.co/b0qcpYSpo1
Some guy named @MichaelPhelps in lane 4 - kinda looks like he knows what he's doing. Finishes 3rd in heat 200M B'fly https://t.co/vniJnIrnCP
WOW. @katieledecky again leading the pack at the prelims of 200 m free https://t.co/uLRgrRniex
Women's freestyle prelims USA @missyfranklin finishes 4th - https://t.co/Yaj6ETG83o
Thanks to @ShawnJohnson for talking Fierce Five - yes, probably greatest gymnastics team of all time #nbcolympics https://t.co/hmxT8vtw3M
Fantastic reunion w family of returning gold medalist @gabrielledoug in Rio. Women gymnasts rock tonight! https://t.co/HvOZJ10mfS
The Williams sister embrace after what will likely be their last Olympics doubles match https://t.co/vUIvYkf4G7
The Williams sisters plotting strategy? to chants of USA! USA!! https://t.co/cmAqaIvL1U
The Williams sisters battling in doubles against a tough Czech team - down 1 set and down 3-2 in second https://t.co/6LaBdSyx5S
Dispatch from Rio -US Women's basketball beats Senegal 121 to 56. Teen phenom @katieledecky tearing up the pool w/ Olympic record 400m free
w/thanks to @alivitali : this week Trump called Clinton "the devil," "a monster," a horrible human being, a weak person &amp; totally unhinged.
RT @NBCOlympics: That feeling when you set a new world record and win your first Olympic medal 🏅 https://t.co/AkZMuECGQI
Back home - politics as usual. Donald Trump tonight openly questioned Hillary Clinton’s mental stability; doesn’t think she’s “all there”
When Men's @USAArchery aren't winning silver medals they could have another career in standup. Great guys- congrats! https://t.co/mE8MSxoM7z
Nothing like a gold medal to put a smile on your face. Congrats to Ginny Thrasher- first gold of the Games for USA https://t.co/8w45ZTBSIQ
Some of the best in the world - Team USA off the luxe yacht where they're staying &amp; on the court-chill against China https://t.co/CrSVTdQjLs
Team USA beating China in Men's basketball 59-30 at the half. @KDTrey5 a favorite here -seeing some jerseys in crowd https://t.co/FxMHho26cO
Reporting on a fast start for team USA - a gold and a silver - more to come from Rio tomorrow morning at 9... https://t.co/IsJ39B1vcy
The Olympic Park from my live location.  I can hear the cheers (and moans) from the tennis stadium. https://t.co/4Xk2ICfGBk
Needed at all Olympic Games: patience. The lines are long - security tight. https://t.co/o0PhxiVUKe
Donald Trump has endorsed Paul Ryan and is now fundraising off of it.
The economy added 255,000 jobs in July, the Labor Department reported today.  Analysts had predicted job growth of about 185,000
@POTUS celebrating his 55th birthday at dinner with @FLOTUS and friends at DC's Fiola Mare while about 100 people outside hope to see them
Just saw @AnthropoidFilm- gripping, heart-stopping and heartbreaking. @CillianMOffcial truly great in it. Bravo... https://t.co/cOaOGlwDBW
@POTUS presser says Trump is unfit to be President and calls out Republicans - says it's time to say "enough", you can't support him
Following the Dem Convention, Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump by 8 points—50 percent to 42 percent—in new NBC News|SurveyMonkey poll.
Donald Trump says in July he raised almost $36 million "unheard of for Republicans" but actually Romney raised $101 million+ in July 2012
Sally Bradshaw, longtime top Jeb Bush aide confirms she registered "no party affiliation" - leaving the GOP because of Donald Trump.
Trump gets flak from firefighters  when rally size limited for safety: we find it unfortunate Trump’s campaign "would question our judgment"
Warren Buffett issues challenge to Donald Trump: meet him anywhere -- Omaha or Mar-a-Lago - to show each other their tax returns.
Warren Buffett calls out Trump for Khan comments that he made sacrifices by creating jobs-Buffett asking: have you no sense of decency sir?
SC Gov Nikki Haley on Khans: they have the standing to say whatever they want in the political process and should not face criticism for it.
To vets group @POTUS says he's "pretty tired of some folks trash talking America’s troops/no one has given more than our gold star families"
Thanks @Morning_Joe for a great week. Another glass ceiling breaker - Madeleine Albright - on soon https://t.co/yCDIQ6lCrT
I am going to adopt a @JoyAnnReid word "balloonage". Did I spell that right Joy?  Worth mentioning: the candidates survived it!
With balloons - and fireworks! - the next phase of the campaign begins. But first history will note: a woman can now be President
This speech won't be remembered for soaring rhetoric but is a clear statement of contrast with policy style and temperament of her opponent
"America is great because America is good. So enough with the bigotry and bombast" - is HRC preaching to the choir or winning over voters?
"A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man you can trust w nuclear weapons"- @HillaryClinton on @realDonaldTrump
Quoting Trump: "I know more about ISIS than the generals do." Clinton shakes her head and responds, "No Donald, you don't"
One of the more effective lines Clinton goes after Trump:  many of his products not made in America to contrast w Make America Great Again
shout out to @BernieSanders when @HillaryClinton says they will work to make college tuition free and help people re-finance college debt
"He spoke for 70 odd minutes and I do mean odd..." @HillaryClinton  on @realDonaldTrump at GOP convention
Central theme from @HillaryClinton "Join us!" - a call for party unity and appeal to independents and anti-Trump Republicans
With a smile HRC says "I believe in science, and climate change is real"	and immigration reform will grow economy &amp; keep families together
HRC acknowledges central challenge against Trump:  "We haven't done a good enough to job to show we know what you're going through "
"When there are no ceilings the sky's the limit" @HillaryClinton
@HillaryClinton - who staffers and have called the least known most famous person - says family taught her "no one gets through life alone"
"....with boundless confidence in America's promise"...@HillaryClinton becomes the first woman to accept the nomination of a major party
"Don't believe anyone who says I alone can fix it...really?  Isn't he forgetting troops, police, doctors and nurses...teachers..." -HRC
@HillaryClinton :  I want to thank @BernieSanders - to his supporters: "Your cause is our cause"
@tonygoldwyn who plays POTUS on  @ScandalABC working for a real presidential campaign @HillaryClinton @MSNBC https://t.co/tqHPdgQdDW
With Michael and Kitty Dukakis - he won the '88 Dem nomination over Gary Hart, Joe Biden, Jesse Jackson, Al Gore https://t.co/nTJT9XsVjg
Bout to go in w @jdbalart on @MSNBC https://t.co/Y4Y8jm58ql
35 years after the assassination attempt on President Ronald Reagan, a federal judge has granted John Hinckley Jr permission to be released
Donna Brazile gets a huge ovation as the new DNC interim Chair - replacing Debbie Wasserman Schultz.  Ran Al Gore's campaign.
@HillaryClinton is officially the first woman nominee of a major party. History is made in a place familiar with it - Philadelphia
Look who stopped by for a chat on @MSNBC? Kareem Abdul Jabbar @kaj33 supports @HillaryClinton about to make history https://t.co/CDkiJA9OYj
Meryl Streep testing out the stage at the DNC https://t.co/bqelqkXgDO
@VP wanders into the crowd at convention hall - hugs Timmy Kelly - who will sing the National Anthem tonight https://t.co/NO6xwChhSJ
Robby Mook tells @Morning_Joe @BernieSanders showed unified party - that @realDonaldTrump "couldn't get it together" https://t.co/yKCX7R7Hu4
@HillaryClinton campaign manager Robby Mook on @Morning_Joe - as I get ready to debut my RNC rapid response report https://t.co/A2zxCJ1hcj
Team Hillary allowing Bernie his victory lap - "Our revolution continues"  - familiar lines from his stump speech when he was still running
At @HillaryClinton convention @BernieSanders thanks the 13 million people who voted for him and thanks delegates - shouts of Bernie! Bernie!
Tears in the eyes of @BernieSanders supporters as he takes the stage at the convention they hoped would be his.
RNC rapid response team upstairs from a boxing ring - metaphor intended https://t.co/9crWbN4IhT
@FLOTUS talks about importance of parents; their words and actions matter. Echoing HRC ad of kids watching controversial Trump comments
Outgoing DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz will not gavel in the party convention to make "sure that we can start...on a high note"
@BernieSanders cheered wildly by supporters in Philadelphia - who also cheer when he says Debbie Wasserman-Schultz resigned yesterday.
@ddlovato warming up in advance of the Democratic Convention kickoff -- I'm about to go on the air at 1 ET @MSNBC https://t.co/g8LapEiee0
About to talk about what will bring Bernie Sanders supporters to Clinton on @Morning_Joe https://t.co/kiyMb3KyMm
. Debbie Wasserman Schultz has resigned as chair of the Democratic National Committee - after the release of controversial DNC emails
@realDonaldTrump says his convention speech was optimistic. Full interview on @meetthepress  https://t.co/BgaJFS7U86
Torrential rains knock @GovEdRendell @CapehartJ and me off the air - it's coming down in sheets (&amp;tweet didn't send) https://t.co/fTBBT6gWOF
Michael Moore leading the charge - w some progressive groups - against Tim Kaine- supporters push his years as civil rights lawyer
Michael moore
A safe choice: NBC has learned @HillaryClinton has chosen Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine as her running mate,
@POTUS congratulates Cleveland for a safe convention- but on event itself says it's "not clear how appealing it was" and he didn't watch it
@realDonaldTrump says if @tedcruz offers his endorsement now - he won't take it- says Cruz has good intellect but doesn't know how to use it
At about an hour 15 - @realDonaldTrump finishes speech and the family joins  on stage.   Q crowd loved it - did the TV audience stay up?
The "family section of the Trump speech is brief and not revelatory - maybe this most famous candidate doesn't need humanizing?  Not sure...
Well after prime time Trump talks about his family and how proud his dad would be - "a guy most comfortable in the company of bricklayers"
Trump:  Start Believing. America is back - bigger and better and stronger than ever before.
Trump speech coming up on an hour.  Will the contrast with a dark HRC future sell? This is definitely not Reagan's "springtime of hope:"
To chants of "Lock her up" Trump had a ready response: on Hillary Clinton  "Let's defeat her in November"
Stories of "everyday Americans" in these speeches tend to be inspirational -Trump:  "One more child sacrifice on the altar of open borders."
When Trump says "We cannot afford to be politically correct anymore" - he encapsulates a major part of his appeal.  As well as his weakness
It only took Trump 3 minutes to start talking about "law and order" -how the American way of life is threatened....danger...violence...chaos
A smiling @realDonaldTrump takes the stage to a rousing ovation after an impressive introduction by Ivanka.
"If you're going to think anyway, you might as well think big" Ivanka Trump quoting @realDonaldTrump advising her when she was a child
Ivanka puts herself into the political arena, promising to fight alongside her dad for equal pay for equal work - and child care reform.
Ivanka Trump will be her dad's chief of outreach to women voters: "At my father's company there are more female than male executives".
It's impressive to see a non-political family take to the stage so successfully.  Ivanka the latest @realDonaldTrump child elevating him
"He sacrificed greatly" to run for President and is the "people's champion, the people's nominee". - Ivanka Trump on her dad
Reince Priebus on HRC: "She lied over and over and over."  And again some in the crowd chant "Lock her up" -  not what purple state GOP want
Lots of folks waiting  for @realDonaldTrump to come on stage for his walk-through ahead of tonight's big speech https://t.co/tHXHtUhdq3
@alfranken says "I don't like him" meaning @SenTedCruz Calls convention "ugly".  Riles up crowd w Cavs reference https://t.co/pR0DcAeEpI
This is Donald Trump Jr with Willie Geist! https://t.co/MPJUg7cf01
@Morning_Joe talks to Eric Trump who sounds confident even as headlines blare GOP disunity after @SenTedCruz speech https://t.co/LO0f1vSsQv
Watch @Morning_Joe love from Cleveland! https://t.co/I5g2t70QF7
@SpeakerRyan in Cleveland - after vote drama from Alaska delegation - announces @realDonaldTrump has the votes to be the nominee.
Donald Trump Jr says father's nomination is awesome - and says Republicans against his dad "should worry less about getting airtime"
With NY votes &amp; sons there  -  Donald Trump officially becomes the nominee of the Republican Party while "New York, New York" plays
Melania's speech:  cribbed?  Plagiarized? Or, as Paul Manafort says-fragments of words? Real question now - what will Trump say/do about it?
@garretgraves - the shooting was in his district - co-sponsoring legislation to give law enforcement more resources https://t.co/KNSqBbfmMx
The State police superintendent and Sheriff in Baton Rouge on the police shooting investigation &amp; impact  @MSNBC https://t.co/zeyKjfX48d
Airline Highway where Gavin Long killed 3 police &amp; injured 3 others -crime scene cleared - what we know @Morning_Joe https://t.co/ZoWAT6kGnN
Driving I-10 to Baton Rouge as police killed there are identified all of them fathers including a newborn https://t.co/BpU54wgCu1
Nick Leslie- UC Berkeley student studying in Nice and had been missing - identified among those killed. https://t.co/eKSXmAuYYe
@POTUS on Baton Rouge murders- "These attacks are the work of cowards who speak for no one.  They right no wrongs"
On my way from Nice to Baton Rouge - more senseless murder - @LouisianaGov calls deaths of police "an unspeakable and unjustified attack"
Leaving Nice-some handmade notes -drawings by children and their moms and dads. Simple messages but complex emotions https://t.co/olYOYw0qnD
Many stuffed animals @ memorial-heartbreaking reminder 10 children died in Nice incl 11 yr old Brodie Copeland of TX https://t.co/0ViNeibqnn
In perhaps the most unexpected showing of defiance - fireworks off the shore of Nice over the Mediterranean https://t.co/cictNuieq7
In a city of extraordinary beauty, another night of deep sorrow but also an unending show of defiance &amp; resilience. https://t.co/p9qcei6lwm
Reminiscent of the days after 9/11 - Nice search for lost loved ones. Bottom left is UC-Berkeley student Nick Leslie https://t.co/DsWxjcinBD
The tents are up and the stage set but the Nice Jazz Festival this weekend was cancelled -so was the Rihanna concert https://t.co/1ZY4qv8Pp8
Sign at an outdoor cafe - as much of the world's attention shifts to another major story w a high human toll-Turkey. https://t.co/KvFkoRVqvi
The memorial to the Nice victims has grown significantly this morning. The latest including arrests @MSNBC all AM https://t.co/fp6dJYoHM8
A second memorial to the 84 people murdered in Nice -it's now 2:30 am --and another city shocked by violence sleeps https://t.co/ZoVdcwYEs7
A single bouquet of white roses near where last night's deadly attack in Nice ended. https://t.co/ZqSyZ8uyQD
The beach at night in Nice - last night people were running for their lives - going down to the water https://t.co/JjRoOIz4b3
In the pedestrian area of Nice you wouldn't know on a bustling Friday night that 84 people died blocks away y'day https://t.co/a6Th6sKQii
Arrived in Nice - a huge international press presence just blocks from where the truck driver was killed https://t.co/p20N2pxtPo
@realDonaldTrump tweets: I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate.
From Nice: Death toll rises to 80 according to the Minister of Interior. 18 people in critical condition.Many other injuries
French President to speak about the mass murder in France at 9:30 pm eastern but a horrible challenge:  what do you say now?
Leaving Cleveland and heading to Nice. One month ago it was Orlando. Then Dallas. Now this. Will challenge our leaders and candidates.
Live from Cleveland now on #MSNBC - just about 24 hours away from @realDonaldTrump revealing his VP pick https://t.co/Md7KFWEO9v
@keithellison - early and fervent @BernieSanders backer - writes in @HuffPostPol he's endorsing @HillaryClinton- I'm progressive &amp; with her
New polls show @realDonaldTrump leads @HillaryClinton in FL and  PA - tied in OH. She is up big in CO. He goes into convention strong
President and First Lady now meeting with the families of the fallen in Dallas
In Dallas to the sounds of the Battle Hymn of the Republic all dignitaries on stage incl @POTUS &amp; GWB have joined hands in a show of unity.
@POTUS at Dallas Memorial: thanks the Dallas Mayor and Police Chief for leadership and they get a standing ovation
GW Bush in Dallas - we are grief stricken, heart broken and forever grateful; the slain officers were the best among us
@HillaryClinton sends fundraising email after Sanders endorsement saying with @BernieSanders @POTUS @JoeBiden "there’s nothing we can’t do"
@JohnCornyn w @craigmelvin at Dallas memorial ahead of visit by Presidents Obama and Bush https://t.co/CjUnlEYQRn
@BernieSanders endorses @HillaryClinton 4 president in New Hampshire - will his ardent supporters vote for her? New NBC poll shows 3 pt race
Doctors at Dallas memorial w personal and thought- provoking conversation on violence, race &amp; healing. #MSNBC @10e https://t.co/NOgWsdXIzZ
@realDonaldTrump calls @HillaryClinton weak and ineffective while calling himself the candidate of compassion &amp; the law &amp; order candidate
A heartbreaking conversation with the family of Dallas victim Patrick Zamarippa - watch at 9:30 and 10 ET @MSNBC https://t.co/Gynz6lgA3K
Ribbons and an American flag outside the family home of Patrick Zamarippa- whose dream was to be a Dallas cop https://t.co/h1aVlD919x
Visitors to the growing memorial at Dallas Police HQ https://t.co/ccc0HyatbB
Dallas the night after the horror. City streets quiet; police cars block off a large crime scene https://t.co/SYobuLSZp4
WH says @POTUS will return early from Europe and has accepted an invitation to come to Dallas early next week
Dallas police chief on decision 4 robot explosion to kill shooter: “This was a man we gave plenty of options to, to give up peacefully. “
Now at Dallas shooting scene as @GregAbbott_TX calls for living "our everyday lives unaltered, unaffected" https://t.co/bQ2hsxhEz6
@GregAbbott_TX Dallas has been a veritable tale of two cities:  heroism of police and cowardice by assassin who it seems has gotten justice
Dallas Mayor confirms: Believe 25 yr old Micah Johnson, now deceased, was the lone shooter; was able to "shoot and move, shoot and move"
In Poland @POTUS calls Dallas shooting "vicious, calculated and despicable attacks" against police and promised "justice will be done"
Demonstrators walking down Sixth Ave in Manhattan w signs "Black lives Matter"  some spontaneously join on way home https://t.co/Rrev806imQ
Along Manhattan's 6th Ave protesters w Black Lives Matter signs-some spontaneously join on way home from work https://t.co/e8d5ToOe9W
In Poland @POTUS All of us as Americans should be troubled by these shootings..not isolated incidents-show broader set of racial disparities
@RepCummings to FBI Dir Comey: "We cannot allow black men to continue to be slaughtered... It is so painful, I can't even begin to tell you"
@JeffFlake to @HallieJackson he did intro himself to @realDonaldTrump as "the other senator from Arizona, the one who didn't get captured"
At email hearing @RepCummings breaks from topic to plead with FBI Dir Comey after seeing his wife crying re: police shootings in LA and MN
@POTUS announces US will keep 8400 troops in Afghanistan into next year, instead going of down to 5,500 troops by end of year.
In new video @POTUS says @HillaryClinton "was able to set aside personal agendas" 4 betterment of US; is diligent, tireless, loyal, steady
@HillaryClinton spox says "We are glad that this matter is now resolved." But @SpeakerRyan says FBI decision on emails "defies explanation".
FBI Director Comey:  “No reasonable prosecutor” would bring charges, but Clinton and her staff were “extremely careless” with their email.
Now that @HillaryClinton won't be charged in email case will it help her poll numbers?  NBC poll: 25% honest and trustworthy 41% for Trump
Holocaust survivor, Nobel Laureate and author of the brilliant book "Night" - Elie Wiesel- has died.  Was privileged to interview him.
Franchise record took 19 innings but the Indians have won 14 in a row!  6 hours and 13 minutes!!  #ClevelandRocks
INNING 19!!! Indians vs Blue Jays. Still 1-1. Teams exhausted. Oh wait. That's me. Grueling afternoon of viewing
I came home to relax. Now my Cleveland Indians are in the 16th inning. Seriously?
Sunset on the Lake Erie beach where I grew up https://t.co/5I3DvM9nNB
Happy (early) Fourth of  July from Fairport Harbor Ohio!!! The annual parade:  floats!! Marching bands!  Majorettes! https://t.co/FOLuKf6vYD
Defense Secretary Ash Carter announces repeal of Pentagon’s ban on transgender people in the military; will happen over the next year
At home in OH and @Indians win their 12th  in a row!! This is a completely unfamiliar feeling - but I could get used to it! Thank you @cavs
@HillaryClinton will campaign with @elizabethforma  in Cincinnati today. This is their first joint appearance of the campaign
@POTUS on Brexit: The UK and EU will remain indispensable partners of the US even as they begin negotiating their ongoing relationship
Thanks to my colleagues at CNBC - what's next? https://t.co/1nMZ2a17tZ
@SpeakerRyan calls UK an indispensable ally and "that special relationship is unaffected by this vote.”
@realDonaldTrump on UK Brexit vote: They took back their country - 	that's a great thing.
RT @postpolitics: You’re about as likely to marry outside your race as outside your political party https://t.co/D9ZLIwQpuz
David Cameron says he loves his country and is proud to have served but stepping down after Brexit vote. Stocks, Sterling take a dive
@BernieSanders tells @Morning_Joe he will vote for @HillaryClinton in November - that Trump must be stopped.
In call to coach Obama "praised @cavs "tireless work and relentless determination";  "impressive victory" for the team and MVP LeBron James
WH says @POTUS called @cavs coach Tyronn Lue to congratulate him and his NBA champs &amp; invited team to the White House to celebrate
Right now on @MSNBC @POTUS calls Supreme Court immigration ruling "heartbreaking" https://t.co/X6xLrsRckO
Another day another flight -- from rainy DC -- looking forward to talking to FL voters in Tampa.... https://t.co/azGQM5VuAU
@POTUS/Bloomberg-There's no successful businessman in America who actually thinks the most successful businessman in America is Donald Trump
Latest on House Dems sit-in:  Nancy Pelosi said they’ll stay on the floor “as long as John (Lewis) says we should stay,” which got applause
With thanks to my sister-in-law Sue for this epic photo of @cavs victory parade https://t.co/i9fpmXEHV3
Former rivals come together - TX Sen Ted Cruz puts out statement on @marcorubio "I'm glad to support him in his bid for re-election."
RT @NBCNightlyNews: JUST IN: Democrats staging sit-in on US House floor, reading the names of victims of gun violence - @LukeRussert https:…
Marco Rubio says he's changed his mind; former presidential candidate says "I have decided to seek reelection to the United States Senate."
Sunset over the Golden Gate Bridge and farewell to San Francisco. Red eye to DC https://t.co/9GF2hDd05z
@bayareawomen summit @vj44 tells me top of wish list in final 7 months @WhiteHouse is criminal justice reform. https://t.co/pOqQeq12I3
Backstage with Power Panel at #BayAreaWomen Summit - up next WH Sr Advisor Valerie Jarrett https://t.co/2sg74KXDoi
Thanks to @mayorlibby Apple VP Lisa Jackson &amp; US Treasurer Rosie Rios for fantastic panel #BayAreaWomen Summit https://t.co/Sxssp0ZC6P
Current and former San Fran Mayors Ed Lee &amp; Willie Brown Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf #BayAreaWomen Summit https://t.co/wLftAnBIGO
Thrilled to be in gorgeous San Francisco for tomorrow's  #BayAreaWomen’s Summit. Will be talking w women leaders... https://t.co/dCXfbCi6iP
Corey Lewandowski to NBC on being fired as head of Trump campaign: "Look, I don't know if it's so much of a surprise."
@craigmelvin thank you my friend!!
I can't even estimate how many people have gotten into their cars to drive downtown -Including members of my family. https://t.co/NudvlM0MIi
@KingJames this championship feels different because "I'm home". Cleveland is waiting for you @cavs. Great series against a great @warriors
There are no words. Cleveland fans never stopped believing. And now a championship!!  Thank you @cavs @KingJames https://t.co/dcfYAhr1aR
@realDonaldTrump says he feels “like a super model except times ten,” w magazine covers. Then suggests that it’s actually “not about me."
The works from the FDR monument as true today, especially in the aftermath of Orlando. https://t.co/ojqVuEvzJc
No matter how many times I come here - the power of the Memorial and Lincoln's legacy move me. https://t.co/kI6S3PYDTl
No matter how many times I come here - the power of the Memorial and Lincoln's legacy move me. https://t.co/LLjwcp6wUF
Recent @HillaryClinton comment: "Chelsea is going to have a baby and we don’t know what it is.”  Well, it's a boy.
@HillaryClinton: We are overjoyed to be grandparents again with the arrival of our grandson, Aidan Clinton Mezvinsky, born Saturday, June 18
Getting emails that I was biased on @Morning_Joe on NBA playoffs. Guilty. @Cavs fan for life!
RT @ron_fournier: Thanks, @ChrisJansing. Now I got 'splaining to do at home #GoCavs  https://t.co/JqNWmZ9aVi
I can't get chants of "Cleveland Rocks"  out of my head!!  @cavs so dominant tonight. Going to a groggy @Morning_Joe
Facing elimination - the Cavs show the world what Cleveland is all about. Game Seven Sunday!!!!
Submit a question for  @SpeakerRyan @meetthepress  https://t.co/uRPAPeDctK
Orlando gunman's father tells NBC he was rejected from police academy - his lifelong dream. Wife knew plans - she could be charged
Officials in Orlando say 50 people were mobilized after an alligator grabbed a 2 yr old boy - a "freakish" accident at luxury Disney resort
On the night of a big pow wow between @HillaryClinton and @BernieSanders the long primary season ends - NBC projects Clinton wins in DC
You have to read this: a letter from an Orlando shooting survivor to these who killed 49 innocents:  https://t.co/wf1npStKn5
T-shirts paying tribute seen around Orlando - more on the victims in minutes on @Morning_Joe https://t.co/hPgy1g3hrH
Huge crowd in remembrance and solidarity #PrayForOrlando https://t.co/vobfCaXWMO
Monday morning @POTUS will meet w VP, FBI Dir Comey, DHS Sec Johnson, NCTC Director Rasmussen, and Deputy Attorney General Yates re: Orlando
Just landed in Orlando with a profound sense of sadness, and grieving for what families - a community - this country - has lost.  Why?
@SeanOnTV @MSNBC thank you!!!
Senator Elizabeth Warren holds out no more: "I'm ready to get in this fight and work my heart out for Hillary Clinton" for President @MSNBC
After meeting w POTUS and at what may be the final rally of @BernieSanders campaign he focuses on progressive policy https://t.co/SOSVL4dVx0
https://t.co/X382YcaPXO
@BernieSanders in DC:  crowd spontaneously chants"Thank you Bernie, Thank You Bernie!" https://t.co/jhvqWpjsLT
@BernieSanders  campaign may be winding down but DC crowd out on a sunny afternoon is still with him. https://t.co/dV4Hkfwv0T
Hill is the nominee. But he's  going to be good for the party and Senators who are running https://t.co/KiWrczIobC
Harry Reid on his meeting w @BernieSanders "Bernie was terrific" I'm envious of the his vitality and energy https://t.co/N5OStKeAf3
A stand has been set up for @BernieSanders https://t.co/wfUfdLVbMj
At the old Executive  Office Building across from West Wing - lunch hour waiting for an @BernieSanders sighting https://t.co/HAOPKJ9Ej5
Heads of state come to the WH and don't get the press crowd for the @POTUS @BernieSanders Oval meeting https://t.co/8H5uYSbdly
6 years after leaving LA I was just randomly checked in to the same hotel room where I'd lived for 2 months. Late night deja vu
3,304 @BernieSanders  believers scream when he says he'll continue his fight next week in Washington DC then Philly https://t.co/0dYZVJkj3p
Montana primary goes to @BernieSanders
First boos for @BernieSanders when he said he called H Clinton tonight and congratulated her on her victory speech https://t.co/tWeN4Hyuzl
@BernieSanders "Next Tues we continue the fight in the last primary" and take our fight to Philadelphia -crowd wild https://t.co/7AbWhLMLfr
The noise is deafening as @BernieSanders and family take the stage in Santa Monica - sustained ovation https://t.co/iGknM5i3mH
WH: @BernieSanders request, he will meet with @POTUS at the White House on Thursday. Obama called both Clinton and Sanders tonight
@billclinton on @HillaryClinton:	I couldn't be more proud. History made
@BernieSanders supporters undeterred by  early CA returns showing HRC strong in early voting returns https://t.co/xw2joca9Lc
Lines at dusk for @BernieSanders rally in Santa Monica - he's not scheduled until 1 am eastern, 10 pm local https://t.co/zN1gDMtZCd
@HillaryClinton: we've reached a milestone. The first time, first time in our nation's history that a woman will be a major party's nominee.
@HillaryClinton camp to supporters: Because of you, Hillary has secured the Democratic nomination. If you're with her, chip in $1 right now
@HillaryClinton takes NJ - @BernieSanders wins the North Dakota caucus.
If you're gonna work - why not on the Santa Monica pier with @ThomasARoberts? https://t.co/NKI23RHatt
Left the @BernieSanders crowd of 10,494 in San Fran - now in LA and on @Morning_Joe at 8:30 E https://t.co/Kbnz3q1RR5
SF crowd for @BernieSanders 10,494 - he didn't mention HRC being called the presumptive nominee. https://t.co/LgFXfFRwRO
@BernieSanders takes the stage surrounded by "the extended Sanders clan" including the grandkids https://t.co/Gs45yjkkRq
@HillaryClinton - called the presumptive nominee by AP and NBC - sends out fundraising email- "chip in to show Hillary you have her back"
Big @BernieSanders supporter Danny Glover introducing the candidate    with passionate get out the vote call https://t.co/pbOULrJ1WK
Dave Matthews takes stage @BernieSanders rally in front of subdued crowd which has seen the Hillary news on phones https://t.co/e5LqyBaRcG
Clinton campaign calla "presumptive nominee "an important milestone" but says w 6 states voting tomorrow -she will work "to win every vote"
NBC News projects Hillary Clinton wins Democratic race - now called Presumptive Nominee w new Super delegates commiting ahead of CA primary
While thousand of people  wait for @BernieSanders in San Francisco AP calls @HillaryClinton presumptive nominee https://t.co/YpM0Uway5Y
Another blow to what's left of Stop Trump movement - David French says after much thought and prayer "I'm not running for President".
I guess Warriors fans at San Fran bar are feeling pretty good right now. As a Cleveland girl - Gotta say GO CAVS! https://t.co/wwv07cdGYQ
Just finished taping a panel with @BernieSanders supporters in CO. How many would vote for Clinton?  The answer Tues https://t.co/TmCyYM18ED
GW Bush on Ali: an iconic and historic figure who thrilled, entertained, influenced, and inspired millions....a man of peace
@BernieSanders: "Muhammad Ali was the greatest, not only an extraordinary athlete but a man of great courage and humanity.”
@POTUS on Ali: Like everyone else on the planet, Michelle and I mourn his passing.  But we’re also grateful to God...to have known him
Larry Merchant on @MSNBC on death of Ali: he was a genius, a great athlete who became a symbol of his times.  Unmatched worldwide impact.
Watching coverage of The Greatest &amp; I'm again a schoolgirl with a crush on an extraordinary  athlete w poetic gifts https://t.co/vsC4E7zNaZ
@mariashriver @mariashriver you've raised such a wonderful family. Congrats to Christopher -- and you!
Float like a butterfly...the great MUHAMMAD ALI has died The legendary boxer was 74
Sunset over the Rockies. Just landed in Denver where it's 30 degrees cooler than it was in Fairfield, CA https://t.co/aAX5fV0Fxr
Record CA registration: almost 18 million are currently registered to vote—highest ever total w 72% of eligible voters
For @BernieSanders a small crowd of 1316 in Fairfield CA- 	But they braved a real feel temp of 100+ for hours https://t.co/reeihduiMb
Yes, I take a lot of pics of lines but in brutally hot Fairfield CA folks have been waiting hours for @BernieSanders https://t.co/qPaSChq6sH
A day after throwing his support behind @realDonaldTrump, @SpeakerRyan says he completely disagree with Trump attack on federal judge
Jobs report: unemployment rate down from 5% to 4.7% but economy added an unusually small 38,000 jobs in May -down from 123,000 in April.
@BernieSanders supporter Susan Sarandon on why she'd have trouble voting for HRC: "...she's such an interventionist" https://t.co/sXEt3QEMPr
@realDonaldTrump already going after @HillaryClinton in advance of speech tomorrow, saying that she lies about his foreign policy
Advisor to @HillaryClinton tells NBC her national security speech tomorrow will argue @realDonaldTrump "fundamentally unfit" to be president
@BernieSanders tells Palo Alto crowd: If we can't win, while is Hillary Clinton racing to CA?  Why is Bill Clinton? https://t.co/hRPfRwvBmL
New NBC/WSJ poll/ Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are within 2 points of each other in California: 49 percent to 47 percent
A shooting has occurred at UCLA's Boelter Hall - school of Engineering. UCLA campus is on lockdown. Reports of 2 victims down
Day 20 for @BernieSanders in CA - but would he take a VP slot?  My interview @NBCNightlyNews https://t.co/3wLKVLF7Bb
That's the legendary Dick van Dyke @iammrvandy introducing @BernieSanders in Santa Barbara https://t.co/q5X7wy24HC
https://t.co/E0tlnYviEh
@HillaryClinton spox on not debating Bernie: "We believe that Hillary Clinton's time is best spent campaigning"
@BernieSanders on Clinton saying no to CA debate: "I think it's a little insulting to the people of California -- the largest state"
NBC poll shows anxiety about Trump's experience - 6-in-ten  say they're unsure about his lack of military or government background
47% of voters would consider a third-party candidate if former Sec. Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are the parties’ nominees.
NBC poll:  Clinton beats Trump by 3 but Sen. Bernie Sanders is up by 15 points, 54 to 39 percent in hypothetical matchup
New NBC poll - race too close to call. 46% of voters support Clinton 43% Trump – within the poll’s margin of error
As huge passenger planes taxi in front of me - reporting from Charles deGaulle airport on EgyptAir 804 crash https://t.co/owOEGUTgti
WH says @POTUS briefed after Secret Service shot and wounded a man at WH perimeter - lockdown lifted and Obama was not inside
@BernieSanders says he's in to the convention but @HillaryClinton is now within 100 delegates of magic number https://t.co/G67G19Jrtl
Reporting from the @BernieSanders camp they will consider a recount in KY and will make a decision tomorrow https://t.co/wmz4yLsFmB
While @BernieSanders addresses a packed crowd in CA NBC News calls Oregon a win for him https://t.co/kLMRHiBKGo
NBC calls Clinton the apparent winner in KY over Sanders
In KY 4 Bowling Green rally @BernieSanders says he doesn't think Trump OR Clinton is going to do what has to get done for working families
On an overcast chilly drizzly Louisville morning - Toast restaurant knows how to serve up a latte https://t.co/vNxcRTPaIx
Another 3 state day - N Dakota (#50 but missed the Fargo wood chipper) Illinois (ok- 2 hrs in O'Hare) now Louisville https://t.co/61r3rLueZo
Longest ovation of the night when @BernieSanders says "Donald Trump will not be President of the United States" https://t.co/sn7Cocljxk
45 minutes in - Sanders hits Clinton mildly and briefly on "differences" - campaign finance, min wage, Iraq https://t.co/WrWBAEknqQ
@BernieSanders brings out his favorite opening line in Sioux Falls SD "There are a lot of people here tonight" https://t.co/6sXo8vovcm
Feeling the burn of the hot South Dakota sun @BernieSanders dons a cap https://t.co/2TonUj7yPj
In sunny Rapid City SD - @BernieSanders - growing hoarse - but hitting hard on income inequality https://t.co/WAL2uk3rBu
For @realDonaldTrump claim he won't release tax return because there's nothing to learn @GlennKesslerWP awards Four Pinocchios "A Whopper"
@BernieSanders at HS on Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, SD hearing about high incarceration/recidivism rates https://t.co/sp6Nb2eBJu
HRC Camp:  "Speaker Ryan met with Donald Trump, but he clearly wasn't swayed by the nominee as he again refused to endorse him."
Ryan on Trump mtg/endorsement: I was very encouraged, but this is a process. It takes a little time. You don't put it together in 45 minutes
RT @markknoller: Elderberry Custard Pie for  dessert at the WH State Dinner tomorrow night. Also raspberry kringle &amp; ginger gooseberry cook…
Ryan/Trump joint statement:  While we were honest about our few differences, we recognize there are many important areas of common ground.
Guide tells Sanders Rushmore cost about $1 million in 1925-41 and workers made 50 cents to a dollar an hour https://t.co/1myY4oZTLl
I asked @BernieSanders can he see himself there he jokes "I think there's a location for me to the right of Lincoln" https://t.co/nC9tx0R9rV
@BernieSanders with Jane on a tour right now of @MountRushmoreNM https://t.co/yuDpmSj7YT
MSNBC reporters on scene say Trump, Ryan, Preibus meeting over - Ryan and Trump to be meeting with  bigger group of House GOP leadership.
A circus-like atmosphere prevails outside the Trump meeting with GOP leaders including a man in a papier-mache Trump head with a bullhorn
Woke up in Oregon, spent the day in Montana, and just landed in my 49th state- South Dakota!!! https://t.co/6VgwFtKKT9
The idea of @60Minutes without Morley Safer is hard to wrap my head around. 919 reports. Remarkable. Brilliant. Inspiring. Happy retirement!
"I'm going to have a discussion with those Super Delegates" @BernieSanders on states he wins but Clinton gets Supers https://t.co/8NtVZG2UNo
With a crowd snaking back into a hallway in Billings MT @BernieSanders says he's now spoken to 1.2 million people. https://t.co/L9vUnNrCFh
Glorious day in Missoula - folks out riding the rapids while Bernie press corps is riding the bus https://t.co/12GXq2kaEv
NBC confirms shakeup in @BernieSanders campaign - CA state director out &lt;a month before that major primary - replaced w campaign insider
9100 people in Missoula Montana - big crowd for a weekday for@BernieSanders-heading to Billings next https://t.co/LhrC21rk6J
What does @BernieSanders want?  "Our focus right now is on winning the.nomination" calls his ideas "the future of the Democratic Party"
@BernieSanders calls Trump's Clinton enabler attacks "ugly stuff" - says he won't touch it but stick to issues - health care, minimum wage
Sanders to @mitchellreports  Trump a "total phony. What he said yesterday is not what he's going to say tomorrow. He's a pathological liar"
50 minutes into rally in Salem, OR @BernieSanders hits Clinton on min wage, carbon tax/fracking, Iraq war, trade, says "on and on it goes"
@BernieSanders is especially energetic tonight. Is it the WV win or the snack he had mid-afternoon in San Francisco? https://t.co/6uOz1C1IB0
On VP search @realDonaldTrump says he has 5 people in mind and will announce at convention; likes Christie a lot but won't rule in or out
Almost half an hour into his speech - @BernieSanders - fresh off WV victory - ignoring Clinton; getting boos 4 Trump https://t.co/m0LNdTBRKt
West Virginia goes for @BernieSanders - he'll address a crowd in half an hour at a rally in Salem, Oregon
Haven't seen these before - Oakland volunteers with Bernie tiaras https://t.co/CebzlnVCtL
Impromptu stop by @BernieSanders to his Oakland field office - pushing for big win in CA &amp; firing up ground troops https://t.co/Fo1CsR0PoZ
Stockton CA @BernieSanders about to speak after getting 16,000 in Sacramento last night - pushing early voting https://t.co/e0tHpMu9jm
@SpeakerRyan won't commit to backing Trump; as @kasie writes, he'll chair of the Republican National Convention. So that's tricky!
Panel discussion on poverty "as a death sentence" and shocking mortality rates - w @BernieSanders at a WV food bank https://t.co/t95b6211zd
In one of the poorest counties in the US - @BernieSanders with West Virginia voters on impact of poverty https://t.co/nOZ3ETUxG8
Nearly 5500 cheering for @BernieSanders- I know there's nervousness Trump could be President "Ain't gonna happen" https://t.co/27otnW7puF
Standing O for @POTUS in Flint saying don't signal to kids they're gonna be saddled with problems 4 life - kids rise to expectations we set
On the road w @BernieSanders on a busy news day: @POTUS says he doesn't see a contested Dem convention &amp; Kasich out https://t.co/eX2mfWE0ud
Sanders statement on win in Indiana: "The Clinton campaign thinks this campaign is over. They’re wrong. "
Fast transition for.Trump - promising to lead GOP to victory, "We want to bring unity to the Republican Party. We have to."
@BernieSanders called the winner in Indiana - contrast to @realDonaldTrump being called presumptive nominee even as she is till well ahead
@Reince calls for party unity - calls Trump presumptive nominee and punctuates with #NeverClinton
Loss is hard; @HallieJackson reports some in @tedcruz crowd seemed genuinely surprised by his decision - some in tears.
At least 3 anti-Trump groups say they will fight on. What they don't have is a new plan after previous plans and millions of $$ didn't work
Officials in Louisville say the now-departed crowd for @BernieSanders rally totaled 7,000 https://t.co/ISkYlas8MU
@Tedcruz ending his presidential bid.
A gorgeous evening along the shores of the Ohio River in KY - but @BernieSanders ends event w/o primary call in IN https://t.co/twdvRWRZTS
@JohnKasich not dropping out: "Our strategy has been and continues to be one that involves winning the nomination at an open convention."
Indiana Democratic voters more than twice as likely to say they'll be “excited” about what @BernieSanders could achieve in WH vs Clinton
Only questions now: @realDonaldTrump margin of victory - if  Cruz and Kasich stay in and if Trump sweeps remaining contests.
Exit polls:Trump beat Cruz among moderates but lost to Cruz among very conservative voters.
@realDonaldTrump projected winner in Indiana.
Another big crowd for @BernieSanders in Lexington KY - anxiously awaiting primary results across the OH River in IN https://t.co/XMWrRlmh4C
Third @BernieSanders rally in Indiana today -  7800 people - many waited in the rain - again he went after Hillary Clinton.
@BernieSanders hitting @HillaryClinton for Super PACs, speech transcripts and trade ("not a sexy issue") Ft Wayne IN https://t.co/VqQIJm4MFh
Packed house in Fort Wayne IN waiting for @BernieSanders - my report coming up soon on #msnbc https://t.co/ATk4I3A3UB
RT @Morning_Joe: Happy birthday @morningmika from the #morningjoe crew! Watch it all on snapchat: morning.joe https://t.co/8mS37nMPCH
RT @mmurraypolitics: @ChrisJansing gets soundbites in IN from Sanders voters: They admit path to nom is unlikely, but say the ideas he's su…
The President and Mrs. Obama announced today that their daughter Malia will attend Harvard University in the fall of 2017 after a gap year.
@larrywilmore not surprised by Trump-I watch movies &amp; when a black is President something comes to destroy the earth https://t.co/EPYhMRfPMC
@POTUS on poll numbers: last time I was this high I was trying to decide on a major #WHCD2016 https://t.co/3JCOiSxPPP
@POTUS at #WHCD: 8 yrs ago I said it was time to change the tone of our politics. I should have been more specific. https://t.co/nUqT6ieP9P
Jason Rezaian "this is a big and intimidating room but it beats solitary confinement" #WHCD https://t.co/MsqiMJH9uG
8300 people in Springfield OR @BernieSanders "This campaign is about changing our national priorities". https://t.co/Q0WSZEUhLS
@BernieSanders sending message to Dem Party: "We need to plant the flag of progressive politics in every state" https://t.co/EcQnauT6bk
I myself and my wife did not get invited to Donald Trump's wedding!  Can you believe that? - says Bernie Sanders https://t.co/MkMu7kymMf
Wild standing O for @BernieSanders standard stump lines on Clinton releasing Wall Street speech transcripts. https://t.co/ZR00Uv66NB
Trump mocks Cruz as the “first presidential candidate in the history” of U.S.mathematically eliminated from nomination but who picks VP.
@BernieSanders laid off field staff today -- tonight crowds still big. At Indiana U 3400 inside, 5000 outside https://t.co/0ecrbox6nO
@BernieSanders on criticizing Clinton: Trump "will go after Clinton in ways I have never ever gone after Clinton" https://t.co/IxLzZbkoiC
NBC confirms Ted Cruz will name Carly Fiorina as running mate if nominated  - an attempted diversion after Trump's sweeping wins
"WE ARE IN THIS CAMPAIGN TO WIN" @BernieSanders not letting up hitting @HillaryClinton at Purdue rally https://t.co/Mattvhte9E
@BernieSanders says RI win message 4 Dems is that the ticket w the best chance of winning this Nov must attract support from independents
@BernieSanders statement congratulates Clinton, says "...we are in this race until the last vote is cast."
"If Hillary Clinton was a man I don't think she'd get 5% of the vote. The only thing she's got is the woman's card" - final Trump thoughts
@HillaryClinton projected winner in Connecticut - goes 4 for 5
"I think she's a flawed candidate and I think she's going to be easy to beat" - Trump on Clinton, feeling the confidence of a 5 state win
"I'll do far more for women than @HillaryClinton will ever do " -@realDonaldTrump - adds (again) @BernieSanders should run as independent
@realDonaldTrump reacting to Cruz vetting VP candidates "he's wasting his time" &amp; says Chris Christie who's standing behind him is fantastic
"I consider myself the presumptive nominee" - @realDonaldTrump says @tedcruz  and @JohnKasich should get out of the race
Millions of more votes. Hundreds of more delegates. This one's a diverse victory. Every state different and every one conclusive says Trump
Thanking the media Donald Trump then adds - they've been fair for the past two hours.
"This is a far bigger win than we even expected"- @realDonaldTrump "When you top 60 with 3 people (in the race) that's very hard to do"
Just as @BernieSanders leaves rally of 6500 NBC calls Rhode Island for him - avoiding the Clinton sweep https://t.co/pGqqtFkThh
@BernieSanders mobbed after hour-long, often raucous rally as his campaign waits for RI CT results https://t.co/zhqKnlnmIH
@realDonaldTrump expected to speak soon after sweep of five states. Was at Time 100 party - also there Reince Priebus
RT @DomenicoNPR: Tad Devine on @NPR says voting for Sanders is not just "a candidate" but "a cause". Can also set party platform, rules for…
Shaping up to be a big night for @realDonaldTrump - Projected winner in PA MD CT
With capacity crowd in Huntington @BernieSanders camp facing a rough night -hoping to avoid being swept-RI best hope https://t.co/XSeMmarbPI
"This campaign is not just about electing a President it's about transforming a nation" -@BernieSanders https://t.co/Zi4MxQq58L
Just landed in Huntington WV with @BernieSanders - line stretching for many blocks for rally 2+ hours from now https://t.co/8nNXPK37Ys
@berniesanders campaign mgr denies to me a major campaign reassessment  tomorrow. "No big pow wow" and "He's not going anywhere" even if 0-5
Part of the overflow crowd for @BernieSanders - lots of Drexel students but also locals -he's doing mini-stump https://t.co/mRLmiTwMlu
Big overflow crowd on the campus of Drexel - @BernieSanders threw them into a frenzy by coming outside to see them https://t.co/l4XP9ZPPtV
Next stop for @BernieSanders is Hartford, CT my report minutes away #msnbc https://t.co/dvrGSlF9so
@BernieSanders in CT	"We are not going to continue to see children go hungry and veterans sleeping on the street" https://t.co/r7lUxpEAkP
@BernieSanders reaction to huge crowd near Yale: Holy moly!  This is a lot of people. https://t.co/LQYrDahbqv
@BernieSanders supporters mob him near Yale while @realDonaldTrump has @tedcruz prediction-tonight @NBCNightlyNews https://t.co/EMtJ4Wejuk
Coming to you live at noon from @BernieSanders Rhode Island rally #msnbc https://t.co/P6llj5uJWE
Thousands waiting for @BernieSanders in Providence RI    - where Independents can vote and he hopes for an upset https://t.co/L0TC38xqaQ
Standing O for Sanders calling for affordable housing and training unemployed youth in a not full Baltimore church https://t.co/QILKoXiqFp
@BernieSanders if you're born in Baltimore's poorest neighborhood, you live almost 20 years less than in wealthiest https://t.co/TCYJFIsyUQ
Prince's publicist: cause of death remains unknown - at least 4 weeks for autopsy results. A musical celebration to be announced in future.
Prince's publicist: a small group family, friends musicians held a private, beautiful ceremony to say a loving goodbye; his remains cremated
@tedcruz on bathroom laws: "Even if @realDonaldTrump dresses up as @HillaryClinton he shouldn’t be using the girls restroom"
Would Danny Glover back Clinton if Sanders isn't nominee?  "I’m not going to answer that question” @NBCNightlyNews https://t.co/ZVSZ3CJ8vp
@marcorubio "really don’t want to be nor do I think that I will be invited to be any candidate’s Vice President" says will support nominee
WH says @POTUS gave @David_Cameron a custom Shinola men's watch w Presidential Seal on the back &amp; an American-made bison leather duffel bag
A royal encounter of the cutest kind  https://t.co/rYIsJ5uMlB
Sure to be a communal celebration of life and grieving death: Prince's 1984’s quasi-autobiographical Purple Rain will screen at AMC Theatres
RT @alivitali: Tell my mom I got some days off. Her immediate response: "I am happy to make dentists appt if you want." -___- #Pange
At ongoing press conference: The body of Prince Rogers Nelson has left Midwest Medical Examiners office and been released to his family.
@TulsiGabbard introduces @BernieSanders in Gettysburg by quoting from Lincoln's address. https://t.co/lc8YCW7r1i
@POTUS-I'm staying in Winfield House &amp; our Ambassador has a turntable and this morning we played "Purple Rain" &amp; "Delirious" 2 get warmed up
Carson (and his mom) out in Gettysburg PA four hours before a Bernie Sanders event is set to begin https://t.co/5tqx9ycgyw
FBI director Comey says US paid well over a million dollars for software to unlock phone of San Bernardino attacker but "it was worth it"
In op-ed @POTUS argues for Britain to stay in European Union: "Now is a time for friends and allies to stick together."
@BernieSanders fired up quoting Joe Biden telling NY Times he prefers Sanders' aspirational style to Clinton caution https://t.co/X4KiHJRE8E
@BernieSanders about to start rally in Oaks, PA - last stop he once again hit Clinton on releasing speeches https://t.co/foupx26gNu
Prince's guitar solo at Rock Hall induction of "My Guitar Gently Weeps" is an astonishing display of virtuosity https://t.co/2tTBghk6Og
@POTUS on Prince: Few artists have influenced the sound and trajectory of popular music more distinctly, or touched quite so many people..
Parked across the street from @BernieSanders event in PA is @realDonaldTrump publicity https://t.co/2UByAiWusQ
Shocking news out of the music world - confirmation that the legendary Prince has died at 57.
About to report live from Scranton PA where a big crowd has gathered for @BernieSanders https://t.co/9Kwn9kXW7V
Hillary Clinton raised $29.3 million in March - $16m+ LESS than Sanders.
Bernie Sanders' campaign says they’ve raised nearly $46 million in March. Average contribution $26.20
@HillaryClinton projected winner in NY
Big win for @realDonaldTrump in New York primary
Candidate geography: Trump and Clinton in NY, Kasich in Maryland, Cruz and Sanders PA. Guess who thinks they're wining the NY primary?
Top issues for NY Dem voters in exit polling: economy 35%  -- income inequality 28% --health care 20 % and terrorism 14%
NY exit poll: 46% of Democratic primary voters  are “very worried” about the economy, and another 39% say they are “somewhat worried.”
Early exit poll: GOP voters in NY care most about change, blunt talk and values in a candidate; few name electability as a top priority.
Strong turnout in Harlem at the heavily Democratic Harriet Tubman School - should be good news for @HillaryClinton https://t.co/KPQIBlsTtp
Pretty low key in Chappaqua today - both Clintons out on the campaign trail. https://t.co/p8C2Hae1NL
New NBC poll nationally @HillaryClinton leads @BernieSanders by just 2 points 50-48%. She was up by 9 a month ago.
On @TODAYshow @BernieSanders says he doesn't agree w @realDonaldTrump's "Crooked Hillary" but says he is "very brilliant" with names
@BernieSanders broke his previous crowd record in Brooklyn's Prospect Park with 28,356 people going through security
@realDonaldTrump has nickname for @HillaryClinton - crooked Hillary.  Her response? "I really could care less"
NBC poll- Just 20% of Republicans: say ok if GOP delegates choose a nominee who has not run in the primaries -71% think that’s unacceptable.
NBC poll:  62 percent of  GOP voters believe that if no candidate wins majority of delegates, the one w the most votes should be the nominee
Pope Francis says briefly greeting Bernie Sanders was common courtesy not political - anyone who sees it differently needs “a psychiatrist.”
The TONE of this debate - contentious and substantive - nothing seems likely to change the outcome Tuesday.
@Bernie Sanders impassioned closing summarizes why he's drawing  crowds of 20 thousand+ -@HillaryClinton counters "we'll deliver results"
Clinton gives props to Sanders for bringing enthusiastic supporters into process
NY Post says Trump has made "rookie mistakes..policies that seem made on the fly" w. divisive, amateurish language  but endorses as "a doer"
Clinton - to cheers from a vocal audience brings up choice "and we are never asked about this - it goes to the heart of who we are as women"
Endorsing @realDonaldTrump NYPost calls him "an imperfect messenger carrying a vital message. But he reflects the best of “New York values”
"We are in vigorous agreement here Senator" - on taxing wealthy to extend life of Social Security - but they're still yelling at each other
Pressed by @chucktodd Ted Cruz won't now say if he'd support personhood bills to give Constitutional rights to fertilized eggs - did last yr
Bernie Sanders argues it's time to say Benjamin Netanyahu is not right all of the time.
Former NY Gov George Pataki endorses @JohnKasich - who says "We don't want to get slaughtered"
Meantime at NY GOP Gala @VaughnHillyard reports crowd is either silent, eating or talking as Ted Cruz addresses crowd of 800 "It's awkward"
Sanders: too many lives have been destroyed because people possess marijuana.  That's why it should be taken out of controlled substance act
Clinton says white people need to acknowledge systemic racism.
This is a worthy distraction from #DemDebate https://t.co/XsdVQIaSlF
"I don't want to get anybody excited.  They are very boring tax returns" says Sanders, promising tomorrow he'll release last year's returns
Sanders has no specific answer to "Name one decision where Wall Street money influenced Clinton…" but again hits her 4 taking big speech $$
From the tone of this debate you'd never know how far up Clinton is in the polls. She's ready to have this primary over with and he's so not
Just minutes into the debate and it's clear both Clinton and Sanders are ready to rumble - could be #DemDebate as tough and gritty as NYC
@BernieSanders says he doesn't question @HillaryClinton qualifications to be Pres but repeatedly says he questions her judgement #DemDebate
Final tally at Washington Co polling station shows Cruz beating Trump almost 3-1 https://t.co/fHyLcVLWEu
NBC calls Wisconsin for Cruz and Sanders.
In 2 polling places I was at today - heavily GOP, outside Milwaukee - unofficial turnout of 56% and 61%...good news for Cruz, bad for Trump
@HillaryClinton supporters traveled from Chicago to Milwaukee...a new poll on her chances here 3pm E #msnbc https://t.co/Zj22zBSspd
Not Obama's usual golf foursome at JBA course today : ESPN's Tony Kornheiser, fmr astronaut Mark Kelly and Green Bay QB Aaron Rodgers
Locals keep telling me, "Don't worry.  It will be 50 tomorrow". #Milwaukee https://t.co/ODJ9sgIKVI
RT @MSpicuzzaMJS: @ChrisJansing Thanks so much for having me on the show! Tuesday should be interesting... A possibly snowy.
Intrepid @KerryNBC looking VERY far from his So Florida home reporting from @realDonaldTrump event in Wisconsin https://t.co/jO9tonxfrb
Cruz gets biggest laugh of the night with the old line "I'm asking everyone here to vote for me 10 times"....get 9 others to vote for me
@tedcruz hits Trump on donations to Democrats and Obama on Cuba but biggest applause line is call to abolish the IRS https://t.co/PlOplyfsMo
Standing O for @tedcruz - very pro-Cruz crowd in Milwaukee - intro'ed by Gov Scott  Walker &amp; calls him "a rock star" https://t.co/IVZVJntY90
RT @MSNBC: Tune in to @MSNBC now for the premiere of "ISIS and the Internet," narrated by Lawrence O'Donnell. https://t.co/mUriTyz3x6
After Milwaukee crowd was unimpressed with Sarah Palin's disjointed speech for Trump she tells @VaughnHillyard "At least they didn't boo"
In 20 min speech for Donald Trump Sarah Palin  gets lukewarm reception from WI GOP talking immigration/trade https://t.co/mOUADS6BLJ
@SarahPalinUSA subs for @realDonaldTrump in WI sees "a healthy cleansing of the body politic" https://t.co/3asiH8v2h7
#2016 today: @tedcruz says if Trump is nominated, Republicans will lose the election so badly it will be a “Walter Mondale level bloodbath."
@JohnKasich in front of 750 WI GOP: says 38% of ppl here don't know anything about him, says it's because he doesn't do "demolition derby"
@JohnKasich backer fmr WI Gov Tommy Thompson at GOP fish fry; tells me Kasich gets 6 delegates/contested convention https://t.co/Vwtzjke9Wz
This is how Presidents get elected: 700 Wisconsin residents at the fish fry with @JohnKasich @tedcruz @SarahPalinUSA https://t.co/m95LC7MCF7
@realDonaldTrump down by 10 in 2 polls in WI announces three appearances tomorrow:  Racine, Wausau and Eau Claire
pro-Cruz @CarlyFiorina on WI radio -Trump's support is waning not growing over time. The more people get to know him the less they like him
New fundraising stats from @BernieSanders - aide tells NBC	"...we are at 6.2 donations from more than 2 million individual donors."
Trump now taking back his abortion answer to @hardball_chris - statement says doctor not the woman legally responsible- she's "the victim"
Trump campaign puts out abortion statement:  "This issue is unclear and should be put back into the states for determination"
@hardball_chris asks Trump- How do you ban abortion? "You know you’ll go back to a position..where people perhaps will go to illegal places"
Unlike Trump - strong pro life GOPs Huckabee and Santorum have previously rejected punishing women who have abortions
@realDonaldTrump tells @hardball_chris that he favors "some form of punishment" for women who have abortions
New NBC poll: 52 percent of Republican and Republican-leaning voters would be satisfied w Trump - Clinton race. Trump now at 48%	to Cruz 27%
NBC News: Suicide bomber kills 55, injures 150 in Pakistan park.
Greeting me at my computer in Brussels this morning!  A very happy Easter to all.... https://t.co/uyqOL4Xqxg
Live from Brussels new developments in the terror investigation. I'l report at 10 amE https://t.co/lXMGF216cF
The Memorial in Brussels continues to grow as we learn more about the ties with Paris attacks. 7 am E @Morning_Joe https://t.co/qAKOhQT9T4
Former Today Show Anchor and legendary Major League Baseball announcer Joe Garagiola has passed away at 90
Governor Jeb Bush endorsing Ted Cruz for President saying	"Ted is a consistent, principled conservative."
Subway entrance near the scene of yesterday's explosion in Brussels - I've just arrived and will report @Morning_Joe https://t.co/sjqPXoXBiU
The wind kicks up waves In Havana while Obama and Castro are at the State dinner - cigars reportedly available later https://t.co/b09xC5tVwV
At Jose Marti airport en route to Brussels. @POTUS has Air Force One here parked and waiting
@POTUS in Cuba expected to address Brussels airport and subway attacks that left dozens dead #Bruxelles
@POTUS to @MitchellReports at extraordinary news conference with Raul Castro "Andrea, the embargo's going to end" -- question is when
Raul Castro asked if he favors Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump answers "I cannot vote in the United States".
Unexpected development: Raul Casto at press conference says if Cuba is holding political prisoners and he's given names he will release them
Raul Castro calls for return of "illegally occupied" Gitmo and charges US w having "double standards" on human rights
Havana's Museum of the Revolution is the backdrop for reporting from Cuba on @Morning_Joe https://t.co/T0T4wyIUSN
A torrential rainstorm won't stop @NBCNightlyNews from Cuba @mitchellreports @LesterHoltNBC - and me! https://t.co/QcmBYYwlMS
US tourism to Cuba up 77% this yr and will grow as American hotels make plans to move in &amp; @POTUS comes today#msnbc https://t.co/FPFba0u5RY
Salah Abdeslam - suspected 10th participant in &amp; only one of them who survived the Paris terrorist attacks Nov. 13 -captured in Brussels
NBC News: @POTUS expected to nominate Merrick Garland to Supreme Court.  GOP Sen. Orrin Hatch, Judiciary Committee, calls him "a fine man"
@POTUS w major announcement at 11e: Today, I will announce the person whom I believe is eminently qualified to sit on the Supreme Court.
Was great to be on w @hardball_chris and #msnbc team OH!  Up and at 'em in &lt;4 hours. Really will be @waytooearly! https://t.co/Hl18LQFEEL
Another win for @HillaryClinton as Illinois is called.
Join @hardball_chris and our panel @PeterAlexander @tonydokoupil @JoyAnnReid talking winners and losers @MSNBC https://t.co/A8buzZ35KY
Cruz : "our rights hang in the balance"-preview of coming days when @POTUS may nominate Supreme Court and set off Capitol Hill &amp; 2016 fight
Like Kasich - in Cruz speech he praises Marco Rubio. Gracious - and also a recognition Rubio has delegates and supporters in upcoming states
@realDonaldTrump celebrating wins in OH FL and Illinois: "There is great anger" in the country
John Kasich stays in the race though still has fewer delegates than Rubio, who has dropped out. And Trump projected winner in Illinois.
Kasich acknowledges recent obscurity - he's about to come under  the scrutiny that comes from being in the final 3 and interest peaks
@JohnKasich victory speech - something new for him. Says "I will not take the low road to the highest office in the land".
@HillaryClinton wins 3 states; @AlbaMonica reports HRC top aides are jumping up and down over Ohio victory. Total surprise and relief.
66 Ohio delegates = contested convention.
The wind you think you hear is actually establishment Republicans breathing a sign of relief after Kasich called Ohio winner.
Clinton declared winner in OH by NBC
In Ohio exit polls Trump and Kasich are neck-and-neck among evangelicals, one reason why the state is still too early to call.
@JohnKasich tweets - Make no mistake, @MarcoRubio will continue to be a powerful voice for the future of our Republican party. –John
Rubio: "I will continue every single day to search for ways and means to repay some of this extraordinary debt I have to this country"
RT @BenjySarlin: Florida was a testing ground for an all-out anti-Trump offensive. It did not work.  https://t.co/5GBg0FXeGB
I would have bet money against this Florida outcome just 6 months ago:  the winner is not Jeb Bush or Marco Rubio.
Marco Rubio suspends campaign. Now there are 3
NBC projects Florida winners: Trump and Clinton. Will Rubio drop out?  Aides suggest they see a political future but when?
And the polls have closed in Ohio... https://t.co/GMQ0wSFhP5
The family that votes together... https://t.co/TIqPzMkTGe
RT @chucktodd: Asked Dems in exits who would have best chance against Trump: Clinton topped Sanders in every state: 63% OH, 74% FL, 68% NC,…
RT @CarrieNBCNews: (Early) exits show Kasich crushing it w/ late deciders in OH, while Trump continues pattern of winning those decided a m…
@soaprookie no way to track how crossovers are voting. Anecdotally at 1 polling place- it seems to be anti-Trump but that's a tiny sample
Busy after-work voting in suburban Cleveland - big jump in Dems crossing over to vote Republican. https://t.co/EStMjmU9a3
WH:  State Dept @POTUS met briefly with Jason Rezaian/ Washington Post reporter released from Iranian custody earlier this year.
Trump: There’s no violence, there’s love fests. These are love fests. It’s a little disruption but there’s no violence...none whatsoever.
Sarah Palin cancels Trump appearance today; source told NBC	News Todd Palin in "very serious" crash and	is hospitalized in intensive care
Clock ticking - establishment GOP can't stop Trump.  Only three men on that stage.  And so far, doesn't look like they've done it.
"I do believe we contribute to climate change" and strong energy policy not inconsistent with economic growth
If Rubio is to have ANY chance in Florida, he's helping himself tonight against Trump's "I have many properties in Miami" &amp; will "make deal"
Applause for Rubio's follow-up on Cuba so loud Cruz mouths "I can't hear"
Rubio with his strongest, detailed answer of the night on Cuba - Trump responds with "bad deal" but something should take place after 50 yrs
@billburton Shesh  Neither meets age requirements.  That OTHER Donald.  Sutherland
@TheFix The resemblance IS uncanny
Trump says no one more pro-Israel.  Proof:  Grand Marshall of Israeli Day Parade, donations and two grandchildren that are Jewish
"We've never targeted innocent civilians and we're not going to start now" - Cruz
Trump asked about when he said US should take out families of terrorists - says terrorists have no laws and we're working on different laws
Trump defends comments that "Islam hates us"  Rubio:  I'm not interested in being politically correct.  I'm interested in being correct
Google says searches of H1-B visa have spikes a thousand percent+  after the mentions in #GOPDebate
WH Correspondents Assoc: "We have been increasingly concerned with some of the rhetoric aimed at reporters covering the presidential race"
Has there been a debate since the endorsement that Donald Trump hasn't mentioned Joe Arpaio?
There is nothing in this first half hour that helps the three candidates not named Trump win a state on Tuesday.
You got me Mark.  What did they say? https://t.co/eIlMIs9sQD
@mmurraypolitics Not sure who is the Earl of Grantham and who is Carson and Barrow. Also, lacking the romance.
Someone sent a memo that it's time for Republicans to all look Presidential?  #GOPDebate  And Trump confirms our reporting - Carson endorses
Kasich is fired up - knows the stakes - long time Ohio GOPer told me today there's distrust of polls/ voters volatile - OH too close to call
Trump gets called out on foreign hires- says nobody knows the visa system better than me - I know how to take advantage of laws  &amp; fix them
Donald Trump goes into this debate with an announcement ready for tomorrow:  Ben Carson will endorse
RT @CarrieNBCNews: Despite Trump's boasts, new NBC/WSJ numbers show he'd still trail Clinton &amp; Sanders badly in head-to-head matchups. http…
After Sanders' shocking Michigan win it begs the question: aberration, or are polls in Ohio/Illinois showing big Clinton lead wrong too?
Another Presidential campaign first: the ex-wife of GOP front-runner Donald Trump - Marla Maples - to be on Dancing with the Stars
No WH race for former NYC Mayor Michael Bloomberg - saying he doesn't want to pave the way for Donald Trump or Ted Cruz to become President.
RT @OleMissRebels: See @ChrisJansing, @MSNBC broadcast LIVE from @OMStudentUnion Plaza today from noon-1 pm and 3-4pm, Tuesday 3-4pm https:…
@JFKucinich @stuartpstevens This is almost as painful a discussion as the record of the team itself.
Dem debate gets testy over bailouts, trade. This is a real difference between Sanders &amp; Clinton before an audience that lives these issues
Nancy Reagan, former First Lady, died this morning at her home in Los Angeles at age 94. The cause of death was congestive heart failure.
RT @chucktodd: All that this OJ news did was re confirm that the LAPD mishandled yet another aspect of this case.
"We're hopeful" that usable evidence could come off of knife that could be related to the murders of Nicole Brown Simpson &amp; Ron Goldman-LAPD
LAPD say they're still investigating when and how a knife was found at OJ Simpson's former home but he cannot be re-tried for double murder
Mitt Romney w/blistering critique of Trump including if his "plans were ever implemented, the country would sink into a prolonged recession"
W/ @RealBenCarson out of debate tonight @realDonaldTrump tweeting for Carson followers to get on "Trump train" - no endorsement expected now
On @Morning_Joe @realDonaldTrump says he "may" do independent run; "I have not been recognized" for growing the stagnant Republican Party
Senate Minority leader Harry Reid not mincing words on Donald Trump, "It's time for the Republicans to stop the Frankenstein they created."
Kasich take on tonight: "...tonight I can say we have absolutely exceeded expectations" - close in VT  &amp; tied for second in Massachusetts.
NY Times editorial calls @realDonaldTrump a shady, bombastic liar who's hardening GOP image as a symbol of intolerance and division.
Bernie Sanders easily wins Oklahoma - second win of the night, adding to home state of VT. MA still too close to call.
Ted Cruz wins second state of Oklahoma - strengthens his argument to challenge Trump but could still end the night 3 wins vs Trump's 12
Rubio unbowed by losses - "We are seeing in state after state his numbers are going down and our numbers are going up" as Trump dominates ST
The biggest prize of the night - Texas - goes to Hillary Clinton and Ted Cruz - who will amp up his call for Rubio to get out of the race.
@HillaryClinton celebrates super Super Tuesday; repeats her newest theme: we don't need to make America great again we need to make it whole
Trump called winner in VA - big loss for Rubio who invested big in an upset - could go 0 for 15.  What do establishment Republicans do now?
Arkansas goes to Clinton but GOP side too close to call between Trump and Cruz.
@Hillary Clinton has won the little-mentioned caucuses in American Samoa. Total vote count?  237.  She gets 4 delegates and Sanders 4
Tennessee and Massachusetts- Trump wins. Oklahoma too close to call against Cruz. Dem primary in Oklahoma too close to call, too.
If you're in Richmond, VA come see us @MSNBC broadcasting live from Can Can Brasserie from 10-11 am Wednesday https://t.co/kSgAs8TMro
"I am so proud to bring Vermont values all across this country" -@BernieSanders ending his Super Tuesday early a win in VT - lost 2, 8 to go
At @BernieSanders HQ in VT celebrating winning his home state "We are going to create an economy that works for all of us"
Watching densely populated northern VA to see if Rubio can beat Trump - VA GOP tend toward establishment: both Bushes, McCain, Dole, Romney
How's Rubio keeping it close in VA? Winning late deciders, college educated -- and moderates going big for him over Trump.
Hillary Clinton called the winner in Georgia and Virginia; Bernie Sanders in his home state of VT
Polls close and races too close to call: Trump and Rubio in VA - Trump and Kasich in VT
RT @chucktodd: Our special Super Tuesday prime time coverage begins in 6 mins, I'll have the first look at what the exit polls tell us abou…
Has cable been tough enough on Donald Trump?                               https://t.co/asOQzfLkxX.
We made it!  2200 miles- 7 states in 7 days and it's Super Tuesday!  Thank you Richmond;'see you on @MSNBC https://t.co/BcvKN5zX8Y
@RealYaverbaum as you know - you don't get into this business for easy. You get in it to witness history!
Here we were almost 450 miles ago @UnivOfGeorgia -fantastic time! Almost Richmond VA 7th state in 7 days!! https://t.co/27tUtqB9Le
Hobby Lobby Founder David Greene @marcorubio rally in OKC prayed for God to open voters' eyes to how bad Trump is.
Super Tuesday TV ad buys:  Ted Cruz and superPAC outspending pro-Rubio by almost a factor of 2-1. Kasich only one on the air in Alaska.
@MissLynneNYC we will be at Can Can Restaurant!  Broadcasting at 10am eastern.
RT @MSNBC: Special live coverage of Super Tuesday kicks off tomorrow at 5 p.m. ET on @MSNBC. https://t.co/3ZXaRbYtnj
Unbelievable. @kasiehunt reports Sanders campaign says it raised $5m today from an email sent this morning; total for Feb hits $41.5 million
@TulsiGabbard tells me she believes @HillaryClinton responsible for "disastrous judgements " on war after she resigned DNC to back Sanders
Politics at #Oscars adapted screenplay winner warns against big money after Chris Rock: "if they nominated hosts, I wouldn't get this job"
@jeffsessions endorsing Trump: "I believe we’re on a movement that must not fade away." I
Add to @realDonaldTrump endorsements- Sen. Jeff Sessions, 1st sitting U.S. senator to back him - though he's an ally of Cruz's in the Senate
Thank you Birmingham and three members of the City Council for day 5 of our 7 day Super Tuesday road trip #MSNBC https://t.co/h6MfMvPyVq
Exit polls @HillaryClinton wins 84% of black vote in SC 82% weekly church goers &amp; 80% of voters 65 and older.
@PuckettsGrocery you are the BEST!  And breakfast sooo delicious!  I know you'll take good care of @craigmelvin Thank you!!!
The AMAZING #MSNBC team that makes the 7 states in 7 days road trip possible! @calmsnbc where are you road buddy?? https://t.co/rGVSvOzLlT
SC exit poll 53% majority trust only Clinton to confront an international crisis, compared to 10% who trust only Sanders - others trust both
Another sign of a rollicking electorate: @BernieSanders rally of 7,000 in TX - booed Clinton mentions as much as Trump mentions
RT @mmurraypolitics: Rubio camp admits to @gabegutierrez that it didn't release everything in today's tax rollout https://t.co/1jOX5ULcxf
THANK YOU Nashville &amp; #MSNBC Guests Mayor Barry Russell Moore @MarshaBlackburn &amp; Hayley Mason https://t.co/pENHinZjR4
RT @calmsnbc: Alright folks this is getting serious ... @tvkatesnow and I are in an epic #foodfight. Need #Birmingham tips! https://t.co/sl…
Marco Rubio &amp; wife's taxes for last 5 yrs released: paid $526,092 in taxes on their $2.29M income.	His campaign asks, "Where are Trump's?"
After the looooonng drive from Little Rock, supper at Nashville's famed Loveless Cafe. Biscuits, anyone? #MSNBC https://t.co/qrs8OVfwxN
@xjelliott @MSNBC thank you for coming on the program in the middle of big breaking news and rolling with it so brilliantly!
@tenniebutler the Little Rock grits were delicious!  But we'll be in Richmond on March 1st!
Right now - @ChrisChristie  is endorsing @realDonaldTrump "I will lend my support between now and November in every way I can"
Breakfast Little Rock where they like grits cheesy. On our 7states/7 days Super Tues trip,  bacon is a food group https://t.co/SORBQA2Ytm
"Nobody knows politicians better than I do.  They're all talk"  In that sense, no one knows voters better than Trump.  Voters sick of DC
RT @frankthorpNBC: Sen Graham at the #WPCFDinner: "If you kill Ted Cruz on the floor of the Senate, and the trial is at the Senate, no one …
Loser of tonight's debate:  Apple.  Tim Cook can't get on stage to say why unlocking a terrorist's cell phone is bad for America
While GOP go at it in Houston, Bernie Sanders is Chicago throwing the kitchen sink of criticism at Clinton on Iraq, DOMA, welfare, trade
Cruz says he'll give Trump his $5,00 check back.  Rubio:  "You never funded me"
Trump:"You politicians all talk no action" Calls competition "a joke artist"(choke artist?) and "a liar" And Carson: Can somebody attack me?
"The Palestinians are not a real estate deal, Donald" - Marco Rubio.  His best debate; will it matter?
That collective groan you hear is from journalists covering Cruz after he said he'll release five more years of his tax returns.
Rubio with some help from Dana backs Trump into a corner on lack of a comprehensive plan for how to replace Obamacare.
Rubio throws the "repetitive lines" criticism back at Trump - and the crowd goes wild.  Goes wild.  Really.  Goes wild.
Unclear to me how Trumps sister. a court of appeals judge, could sign a bill
Only one of these can be true:  I'm building a bigger, stronger GOP. -Trump	Voting Trump like buying a ticket on Titanic - Lindsey Graham
On a Telemundo debate Trump says he doesn't believe a thing Telemundo says.  #rulesdontapply
If Rubio is going to go down - behind in his home state of FL - he's clearly decided he's going to go down fighting.  But determined not to.
Successful businessman? Not if you ask Rubio:  If Trump hadn’t inherited $200 million he would be selling watches in Manhattan
This debate is setting a new record for piercing squeals from the audience
Trump scolds Mexico Pres  for"filthy disgusting word" saying he won't pay for the wall which "just  got 10 ft taller."
Trump standing in the middle this time makes him the man in the middle of a firing squad of two.  Rubio and Cruz backing up attacks on him
If you google Trump Polish Workers as Rubio just suggested - what comes up isn't flattering.  Rubio's staff did homework on word combos.
Preview of @Morning_Joe interview with @HillaryClinton https://t.co/glGevmyfZV
@akansaskid @billclinton Yikes!  Now THAT would be a drive!  #roadtired
Super Tuesday road trip brings us to Hope AK and birthplace of @billclinton #MSNBC https://t.co/aKDbiu7pdP
VPJoe Biden will join Lady Gaga on stage at the Oscars on Sunday to spotlight the issue of campus sexual assault; her song in a doc on topic
My intrepid driver Arthur as we cross into Arkansas on 293 mile leg of Super Tuesday Road Trip stuck w me for 5 hrs! https://t.co/aEpEbBS1mn
All road food should be this good. Dallas, I will remember the short rib/brisket burger on a brioche bun. #MSNBC https://t.co/yGZp6VCRec
Lindsey Graham's colorful assessment: Nominating Trump is like buying a ticket on the Titanic after seeing the movie.
Saying goodbye to Dallas fueled by handmade mint chocolate chip ice cream. 293 miles to Little Rock! #MSNBC https://t.co/msuq2kALdC
Tx Gov Abbott who just endorsed @tedcruz tells me he won't "go out on a limb"  and predict a win for him in TX - full intvw 1P #MSNBC
Arriving in Dallas and heading straight to a Western Store to meet with Wild Bill. Nice skyline!! https://t.co/r0FgoGK3F9
RT @MSNBC: .@calmsnbc is hitting the road on a Super Tuesday road trip! Where do YOU think should he go? Tell us: https://t.co/4gvLEGikNr #…
@BRTackett @universityofga thanks!  Always looking for the favorite places of locals!
@Merrx taking all excellent road food advice!!!  Thank you!
Sunset as we drive at the OK - TX border. @MSNBC 7 states in 7 days road trip. https://t.co/nv0PV44cyv
The gang's all here!  Actually - no!  We've left beautiful OK on our 7 day 7 state road trip - Dallas here we come!! https://t.co/qd1ZmmADVO
On I-35 S from Ok City to Dallas -  a horseshoeing school across the road from the world's largest casino #MSNBC https://t.co/96c0MXxAZD
Saying farewell - breaking down after Day One of our Super Tuesday trip!  #MSNBC Thanks Oklahoma City! https://t.co/zVgk27UVcX
@FredOrth @MSNBC that's so nice and so mean!  Happy to be back among Oklahomans!
@RealYaverbaum @MSNBC come out and meet us on the road to talk how social is changing the political landscape!!
Time to start @MSNBC Super Tuesday Road Trip: 7 states in 7 days - 5 coats, 5 pairs of shoes &amp; boots. Stop 1 OK City https://t.co/bnkIS6vO9k
President Obama making his case to close Gitmo: I don't want to pas this problem on to the next President.
What we all want to be like when we're 106	https://t.co/9HC0AQPEW3
Supporters of @tedcruz in Henderson worried about the death of Justice Scalia; it has energized conservatives. https://t.co/Td7P5vhOEu
Crowd goes wild when @glennbeck says "I'm not here for Ted Cruz, I'm here for the Constitution of the United States" https://t.co/v3o8nyhIh0
Big crowd in Henderson NV waiting for @tedcruz and @glennbeck before Tuesday's caucus. https://t.co/ITA1eqhNdm
Big crowd in Henderson NV waiting for @tedcruz and @glennbeck before Tuesday's caucus. https://t.co/BfwedqLGeo
Jeb Bush calls for President who will serve with "honor and decency". Trump calls race "tough, nasty, mean, vicious...and beautiful"
Jim Merrill @realDonaldTrump advisor: There's no more establishment name than Bush..the entire anti-establishment feeling has just resonated
Updated GOP record vote in SC: estimate is now 730,000 per party officials. The 2012 number of 603,770 was previous record.
RT @chucktodd: Trump said in his victory speech that he wants to wrap this up soon. Has two early chances: beat Cruz in Tx on 3/1, beat Rub…
South Carolina voters spoke loudly tonight: "We can now confirm a new turnout record of over 650,000." State GOP Chair Matt Moore
With @JebBush in Estonia last June just before he announced for President and no one was predicting this outcome. https://t.co/PQ5iuf5O0B
W Trump win and Bush out - a seismic shift in the GOP solidifies - or is this now the real race for a nominee: Cruz vs Rubio? They think so
RT @chucktodd: Clinton is up 9 in Clark and there's still a decent chunk of Clark County out, the single most important county in NV
About to take off for Las Vegas where the Nevada caucuses should be settled when I land. Lots to talk about tomorrow at noon and 4 @MSNBC
Sen Mike Lee and Ken Starr following the funeral of Justice Scalia @MSNBC https://t.co/ftS9OaqZIC
100 priests as the public funeral Mass for Justice Scalia ends -lead by his son, a Catholic priest https://t.co/RLnf0uKHOn
Leaders of law, politics - much of influential Washington arriving for the funeral of Supreme Court Justice Scalia https://t.co/VgqhuCtZBr
@JebBush told @PeterAlexander Gov Haley is "probably the most meaningful endorsement if there is" in So Carolina - but @marcorubio gets it
NBC has confirmed SC Gov Nikki Haley will endorse Sen Marco Rubio for President - major break for him 3 days from the critical primary
RT @KellyO: Flag at half staff above White House in honor of Justice Antonin Scalia. https://t.co/hL91aO6GjX
Donald Trump knows what got him to the dance and he uses his closing statement to remind people how much they don't like Washington
Applause for idea that @realDonaldTrump should cut out the profanities.  He says he uses it "to highlight" things. "I will not do it again."
Given the chance to say almost anything non-PC- @RealBenCarson says you can't have free college and gets in "irresponsible evil gov't"
Think of all the people out there enjoying a romantic pre-Valentine's Day dinner and missing all this action - so sad
"He's a nasty guy" @realDonaldTrump on @tedcruz who says "go to our website" for Trump praising Planned Parenthood.  Is this winning votes?
@JohnKasich gets big applause calling for civility in the campaign but history - including this campaign - suggests something very different
This @tedcruz @marcorubio battle over who speaks Spanish is UNexpected.	The level of animosity is equal to the stakes with SC looming
The battle of who was the better Governor - @JohnKasich says he wants to stay positive but yesterday when I asked wouldn't pledge no neg ads
You can see on the high camera show that @marcorubio has a crucifix on his lectern
Now @marcorubio comes to Bush's defense.  He also understands that the Bush family is very popular in SC - and Trump keeps pushing
If there was any doubt- the FIGHT of this stage of the campaign is between @realDonaldTrump and @JebBush - risky before the SC primary
Didn't  take long for the fight to take shape: Mitch McConnell says shouldn't be replacement for Justice Antonin Scalia until post-election
SC Chamber Presidential series hosts @JohnKasich in Columbia - he's exuding the upbeat aftermath of 2nd place in NH https://t.co/Kjl2wEbusx
I am not a single issue candidate and I do not believe we live in a single issue country - HRC closing statement #DemDebate
Sanders says "one of use ran against Barack Obama and I was not that candidate"
Sanders accuses Clinton of a "a low blow" for his criticism of Obama - "President Obama and I are friends" but I have the right to disagree
@HillaryClinton also cites FDR, plus Nelson Mandela then pivots to Obama defense "I don't think he gets the credit he deserves" #DemDebate
INFLUENCERS? For @BernieSanders FDR and sees parallels with his campaign "re-engage and get involved" Also Churchill
@BernieSanders "Count me in as someone who will not be listening to Henry Kissinger. @HillaryClinton argues wider opinions can be helpful
Fact checkers are burning up the google....as HRC talks about Sander's votes on regime change and he finger wags and shakes head wildly
"...there is massive despair all over this country" argues Sanders - need to start paying attention to working families.
54 yr old undecided voter asks what to do about high incarceration for black men @BernieSanders says "we need fundamental police reform"
"I think a Sanders victory would be of some historical significance as well"@BernieSanders
Why isn't @HillaryClinton resonating more with women voters? #DemDebate she says she has "no problem" with anyone making up their mind
Free college education @BernieSanders talking about very popular with students at the @JebBush SC event I was just at-but conservatism first
"Before it was called Obamacare it was called Hillarycare" - @HillaryClinton #DemDebate @BernieSanders: we can guarantee health care to all
As he has been since NH @LindseyGrahamSC is w Jeb Bush - big annc't today tho is George W is in Charleston Monday https://t.co/EWUkzuWcH0
Crowd in Columbia SC welcome @JebBush with Happy Birthday (he's 63) - but smallest crowd of last 3 days https://t.co/1ZGIy5MFaJ
Our fantastic crews getting a set built at Liberty Tap Took where at 10e we dive into presidential politics @MSNBC https://t.co/Iws3OuTLMX
Letter to supporters from @ChrisChristie  "I leave the race without an ounce of regret.  I’m so proud of the campaign we ran"
RT @AlbaMonica: Proud to call them colleagues @mitchellreports @kwelkernbc @HallieJackson @KellyO @kasie @KatyTurNBC @ChrisJansing https://…
@CarlyFiorina quits Presidential race, NBC learns she made the decision "this afternoon" and no word she'll endorse https://t.co/DIPicJGKkE
LOVED being on MSNBC with the  women of NBC on the campaign trail THANK YOU @BWilliams and Rachel! https://t.co/LNzzkw6Aix
https://t.co/zP8cQiKwnA
@marcorubio "This disappointment is not on you, it's on me—I did not do well on Saturday night, but that will never happen again"
To shouts of "Jeb Jeb Jeb" @JebBush heads offstage to SC not mentioning @realDonaldTrump, who is speaking now https://t.co/gpeUH2dWL7
@JebBush with family gets rousing cheers though his finish is still unclear - "This campaign is not dead!" https://t.co/FZIqvILzt0
Lindsey Graham on @JebBush SC Don't know if we can beat Trump but can give him a hell of a run. When field consolidates the Donald is toast.
@LindseyGrahamSC tells me "Bush is back!" says tonight is just what the campaign needed and Bush name "gold" in SC https://t.co/kPh9lbhgJk
At Bush NH party anxious waiting to seeing he maintains a 3rd place finish - or can surge into 2nd https://t.co/d5upObZipC
NBC calls NH primary for Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump - the state known for late deciders goes with the non Establishment-candidates
So fat at the Bedford polling station, 6814 voters plus 1274 absentee - after work rush coming soon https://t.co/A1V7zMda6K
At WH @POTUS was asked who would win the New Hampshire Primary. He said "I have NO idea" laughing it off.
Big backup of cars coming into the Bedford HS poling place 3,000+ votes already &amp; a "rush" expected at 5 #msnbc2016 https://t.co/Wk29yNuB1y
Before NH @JebBush @marcorubio now @CarlyFiorina at Bedford polls #msnbc2016 https://t.co/HqYstL1TVJ
Big crowd up to watch Way Too Early!  Join us!' https://t.co/Rn9pTKDrx4
On his bus @JebBush says he'll beat expectations in NH but won't be hard because people have been "writing my obit" https://t.co/pCdEH7mPYt
@JebBush makes his closing argument in NH at Nashua rotary - about experience and leadership. https://t.co/KY2Tme4BOQ
@JebBush in Manchester - feeling confident he's on the rise. I'll be at his Nashua event later today. https://t.co/2YlxuCWfp5
Watching @JoeMontana at #Super Bowl. Remember being at XXIV when he passed for 5 TDs against Broncos.  Joe to @JerryRice was astonishing
Wow. @ladygaga just sang our national anthem and absolutely killed it. #SuperBowl
At Exeter NH event Chris Christie hits Marco Rubio post-debate: "When the heat is on he proved he's not ready" https://t.co/7U6wWhhLGX
RT @kristindonnelly: One roommate for Bernie, the other for Hillary- what they thought of the debate coming up w/@ChrisJansing on @MSNBC ht…
A handshake and a standing ovation end the night. #MSNBCdebate https://t.co/bWOURPYGKE
Biggest cheers of the night for Sanders: "On our worst days, we are 100 times better than the Republicans" https://t.co/iVs0Qftosi
Audience here still attentive  Post-debate, I'll ask undecided voters if they've been swayed #MSNBCdebate https://t.co/6EHPAydHmR
Rachel Maddow hones in on the question I have heard from Bernie Sanders leaners: electability. The head/heart debate https://t.co/hnrJpJvr9Y
"A vote in 2002 is not a plan to defeat ISIS" - an opening for Sanders but he didn't take it #MSNBCdebate https://t.co/a0a9IY5Nmr
Will @HillaryClinton release her speeches to Goldman Sachs?  Her paid speeches?  Says she'll look into it -
If you wondered how high the stakes could be before a primary w a 20 point spread - this debate tells you. These two are on fire.
Sanders attacks on Clinton for "big money" and speaking fees has her fired up - passionate defense - "touched a nerve" says Maddow. Oh yeah
Clinton accuses Sanders of "artful smear" on her taking $$ from Wall Street - mix of ooohs and boos in the hall
Clinton is really hitting Sanders on "innuendo" attacks that anyone who has taken a donation can be bought" https://t.co/JkZslOwkVc
@BernieSanders says he's of the people and by the people - @HillaryClinton represents the establishment. https://t.co/Op7kO27mKj
@BernieSanders - yes, I think President Obama is a progressive. HRC clearly not so much.
Just the fact that two people are on the stage gives this #MSNBCdebate such a different - consequential - feel. Nowhere to hide
HRC fights back on who the real progressive is:  I don't think he was progressive to vote against the Brady Bill five times.
@BernieSanders has already mentioned prescription drug prices twice - and they're both in good form early
@HillaryClinton first answer draws contrast w @BernieSanders "The numbers just don't add up for what Sen Sanders is proposing" #MSNBCdebate
Americans feeling left out and left behind says@Hillary Clinton LGBT health care "I'm fighting for people"#DemDebate https://t.co/c7y1HKjwa6
Opening statements: @BernieSanders hits on what got him here: income inequality, corrupt campaign finance #DemDebate https://t.co/4MzVmgdQHT
@HillaryClinton looking down over the debate hall - first time one on one vs @BernieSanders in minutes #DemDebate https://t.co/TUgxP1JUTV
@BernieSanders screen in the #MSNBCdebate hall - new @NBCPolitics poll has him up 20 in NH over @HillaryClinton https://t.co/IoNVIK6qTT
This crowd has been gathered for almost 2 hours - talking- doing their own debating - they're ready to go #DemDebate https://t.co/8WOndjrW0k
Big ovation at UNH for @HillaryClinton @BernieSanders for pre-debate photo op (and requisite handshake). https://t.co/HvoNRpmKkg
@chucktodd and Rachel Maddow take the stage doing a warm up act #MSNBCdebate https://t.co/b1696QdQGj
Debbie Wasserman Schultz warning up the audience before the Democratic debate @UNH #MSNBCdebate https://t.co/u5IKtMs3A3
Last minute tweaks before the audience comes in for tonight's Democratic debate #MSNBC2016 https://t.co/krjLCXm7hU
@kasie Hunt asks @BernieSanders if he might contest the closest Dem caucus ever -just off plane in NH -he says he doesn't know enough to say
It was the CLOSEST race in state Democratic history. Hillary Clinton gets 699.57 state delegate equivalents, 695.49 for Bernie Sanders
Rubio camp now says ground game was “significant”	 200,000 voter contacts past month	I.D.ed 30,000 Rubio voters	10,000 door knocks in 4days
Iowa exit polls/Democrats: Top national issue 33% economy 30% health care 27% income inequality Just 6% terrorism - but tops for 25% of GOP
@SusetteWise it made me giggle too!
@hutchdaddy 6 wonderful months in Ticonderoga!
No surprise in @MartinOMalley or @MikeHuckabeeGOP dropping out - @realbencarson team tells me it's a lie that he's suspending campaign.
Something new for @realDonaldTrump First political contest and a defeat what will he say?
@Marcorbio say tonight - Iowans sent a massage "we are not waiting any longer to take our country back" https://t.co/cbJvdDY5s6
@tedcruz projected winner of iowa caucus - @realDonaldTrump now just ahead of @marcorubio
Caucus goers at @marcorubio cheering as screen shows him within a point of@realDonaldTrump https://t.co/1dSm5mnKqT
RT @ChemiShalev: Rubio is the new buzz, but 63% of GOP Iowans (right now) still voting for anti-establishment Cruz, Carson and Trump
@marcorubio comms director Alex Conant says given caucus sites still to report it's possible they could come in second.
RT @LukeRussert: The @AlexConant to @ChrisJansing "this is a 3 person race, if you don't want Donald Trump or Ted Cruz to be the nominee, b…
At Rubio HQ outside Des Moines a volunteer from Michigan shows off his "Marco polo" https://t.co/jd5Im9eWdb
@BernieSanders tells MSNBC's Chris Hayes re: Trump - he's a pathological liar and "I will beat him badly"
Continuing appeal to evangelicals @marcorubio talks about faith and a few audience members chime in "Amen" https://t.co/sNbekY6jQW
@marcorubio being introduced - with instructions for first time caucus goers for what they need to do Monday https://t.co/zQoaCKzWL0
@RandPaul tells me re: Trump "I think from now on he should have his own little rallies and we should have a debate on substantive issues."
@RealBenCarson and @randpaul tell me they think this was a more substantive debate without @realDonaldTrump
We've wondered what a campaign without Trump would look like. Tonight we got a glimpse.
Waiting for closing statements and even though they took the media food table down hours ago, happy not to be outside where it's Iowa cold
@JebBush mentions Trump, "In case anyone was missing him" He's different without @realDonaldTrump on stage.  So is everyone else
Putin is a one horse country.  Oil. And energy.  @RealBenCarson Twitter goes crazy with pictures of shirtless Russian President.
"The days for the Clintons in public housing are OVER" - @ChrisChristie the former prosecutor promises to take on @HillaryClinton
@realBenCarson seems shocked to get a question.  In fairness, it's been a while.
Historically, Iowans haven't rewarded negativity.  This audience - with no Trump on stage - has been giving it to candidates who attack.
Team @RealBenCarson predicted he would be more aggressive - even interrupt!  So far he hasn't and the clock is ticking.
Cruz-"If you guys ask one more mean question I may have to leave the stage" - not the way to win over the audience
Quick comeback from Rubio: Rubio Dont worry I'm not leaving the stage no matter what you ask me
@marcorubio taking on Cruz and making the most of Trump's absence.
At Trump alternate event he enters to "Rolling in the Deep" after @GovMikeHuckabee taped his version of "Hello" Adele is soundtrack of '16
One time leader @RealBenCarson - "I've had more 2AM phone calls than anyone else here" His team said he's ready - this IS a different Carson
The media is here even if @realDonaldTrump isn't. Yet. Hot topic: will he show for post-debate spin? https://t.co/ILLuzrX059
@RandPaul going after @tedcruz - his team says he's ready to be a target with the Trump-less debate.#GOPDebate
Jeb say "I kinda miss Donald Trump.  He was always a Teddy Bear to me"  Everyone has their Trump lines ready #GOPDebate
"He's an entertaining guy. He's the greatest show on Earth" but @marcorubio says that's not what the campaign is about. Missing but there
#GOP debate Cruz channels his inner Trump: "I'm a maniac,.  And everyone is stupid fat and ugly.  And Dr. Carson, you're a terrible surgeon"
Love the Google debate stats:  searches go up 440%  OK rules:  60 seconds for each answer.  Let's see if/who enforces..
@RealBenCarson team says to expect a much more aggressive posture at this debate.  "He understands what's at stake"; once leading, now at 8%
After early debate @RickSantorum "Right now people are very fascinated by somebody else in this race...it's tough" https://t.co/bBERw2njmA
Google - GOP debate co-sponsor - says most searched issue last month was gun control - nearly 80 percent.
@CarlyFiorina in 1st debate still pushing 3 page tax code - that would be about .1% of its current size.
I asked @GovMikeHuckabee Sr campaign staff why he'll go to Trump event -- "Why wouldn't we?  We get press at the 1st debate, again at Drake"
Rep Steve King told me his man Ted Cruz will have a target on his back tonight and will have the toughest job on stage.  Expectation setting
Cruz campaign tells me "Trump can’t stay away from an audience of 20 million." If he shows up in spite of saying he won't, Twitter may break
@realDonaldTrump tells O'Reilly he's smarter than Megyn Kelly. - plus sidebar about vanilla milkshakes and O'R thinks Trump should debate.
Steven Spielberg and 4 or 5 elderly Holocaust survivors at Israeli Embassy to hear @POTUS - they were recognized by applause.
@POTUS speaking for the 1st time in DC's Israeli Embassy: "I deliver a lot of speeches, rarely am I so humbled by those who precede me"
An Oval Office visit with  President Obama for Senator Bernie Sanders tomorrow described as informal - there will be no formal agenda.
Apples and potatoes will be staples at many snowed-in DC homes this weekend. https://t.co/hM9sRGymwv
The line snakes through the store at Trader Joe's in DC - observationally - wine and beer are big sellers. https://t.co/6D5Ndz0bqI
Kansas City Mayor Sly James on job creation:  competition is less for business and more for talent https://t.co/lpLLsfK7bS
KC and Boston's mayors in a sports team smackdown https://t.co/qniIDhBF7H
Boston Mayor Walsh jokes it's a rare pleasure today to talk to press - from WH briefing room - touts higher min wage https://t.co/1VXl1naNUI
GOP Mayor of Fresno, CA says Obama's Strong Cities Strong Communities initiative was key to city's economic revival https://t.co/9dNBMZuZBY
WH briefing kicks off with bi-partisan mayors of Kansas City, Boston and Fresno ahead of mayors' meeting with @POTUS https://t.co/WIquwQYmE2
With a Michigan auto audience, @POTUS teases about what car he'll buy after he has to give up "The Beast" - his official ride
@POTUS in Detroit says Flint water crisis is a reminder of why we "can't shortchange basic services"
@HillaryClinton uses closing statement to talk contaminated water in Flint - @BernieSanders reminds he called for resignation of Gov.
Anything you haven't gotten a chance to say tonight, Governor O'Malley?  That gets the biggest laugh of the night #DemDebate
On HRC husband as economic advisor:  It will start at the kitchen table we'll see how it goes from there. And as a good will emissary
Best question of the night and @HillaryClinton has a diplomatic pause:  What's your relationship like with Putin?  Ummm..INTERESTING
@TODAYshow just teased what NOT to eat at a hotel.  DVR set.  I've been in 3 hotels in 5 days - Omaha, Des Moines, NY.  So far, all good.
No doubt @BernieSanders is right he's brought a lot of young people to his campaign - will they turn out when it matters in #s that matter?
@HillaryClinton w big contrast to GOP running on DC disaffection, praising members of Congress who work hard "every single day" #DemDebate
While the #DemDebate is underway @ajjaffe reports RNC passing out copies of "13 Hours" book, basis for the Benghazi movie.  RNC memo inside
Curious and don't have a TV handy?  https://t.co/K7zAyqySsE #DemDebate @NBCNews
Sanders bragging on the polls.  Will it play a la Trump?  @MSNBC @NBCNews
With stats on minority incarceration Bernie Sanders shows the passion that's won him a following -- @NBCNews  @MSNBC
The # of people watching debate could be directly proportional to the level of Team Clinton regret that this is a holiday weekend. Let's see
POTUS on Iran release of prisoners and lifting of sanctions;says he's spoken to freed Americans &amp; stressed strong diplomacy got this done.
RT @ShawnaNBCNews: Former Sec. @HillaryClinton is live on @meetthepress now. @BernieSanders will be up later. #decision2016 #DemDebate http…
RT @chucktodd: Later in this morning's show, my exclusive sit down with human rights lawyer Amal Clooney. Don't miss it. https://t.co/kzLBr…
Asked about "criminals" Obama and Clinton @realDonaldTrump says "Hillary is going to have a problem". https://t.co/3eVZVt5imu
@realDonaldTrump takes questions in Iowa - the 1st?  Heroin epidemic from a man who lost his son. https://t.co/TZ50r4ae48
First Gov Cuomo now @HillaryClinton  (Just this once, Trump's right)praise @realDonaldTrump for his defense of NY against Ted Cruz comments
Walmart closing 269 stores worldwide, impacting 10,000 American employees
Des Moines - brief stop planned by @realDonaldTrump at Living History Farms - much smaller venue than usual for him https://t.co/Mxzhxg9LNV
Sen Lindsey Graham expected to endorse Jeb Bush for president this morning
NY Gov Cuomo calls in to @Morning_Joe to criticize Ted Cruz comments on New York values - so he and @realDonaldTrump agree #MJinIowa
Talking infrastructure on @Morning_Joe @realDonaldTrump sounds kinda like @POTUS #MJinIowa Plus- high speed train? https://t.co/fQgB8XOG9f
@Morning_Joe asks @realDonaldTrump if he's surprised by his rise - I asked him 2 before segment. He is - a tiny bit https://t.co/AKBMfutjAS
Debate analysis from@realDonaldTrump on @Morning_Joe says not sure anymore @tedcruz is a nice guy #Bromanceisdead https://t.co/VEt0xo7WwV
@realDonaldTrump needles @MarkHalperin for only giving him an A- on last night's debate https://t.co/9P3zjrtpp1
@realDonaldTrump - on @Morning_Joe  in 1 minute https://t.co/kvFTpna7NQ
Last minute preps at Java Joe's in Des Moines for @Morning_Joe https://t.co/GlyczkG9jA
Good moment for Bush - bringing home the tariff debate to Iowa. And he got under Trump's skin. They just don't like each other and it shows
Cruz taking a page from Trump- dismissing media (NY Times on an undisclosed million dollar loan) - he's been fundraising off the story
First line of the night to Bush on Clinton: She might be going back and forth between the White House and the courthouse - because of emails
Oscars! Best picture: big short/bridge of spies/brooklyn/mad max fury road/the martian/the revenant/room/spotlight
@POTUS says favorite movie last yr probably "The Martian" &amp; quotes line "I'm going to science the (heck) out of it" https://t.co/JCehzdsUwE
@POTUS reminds folks of the (rare) one electoral vote he got from Nebraska in 2008. 2012?  Zero. https://t.co/B6qv7vJA5b
@POTUS already got a huge ovation but then "Go Mavericks!" &amp; as the saying goes, the crowd went wild. Crazy UNO fans https://t.co/sTZ73lBkmo
@POTUS in suburban Omaha - chatting with neighbors of new mom who wrote to him about her son's future https://t.co/CJq1W4xuT8
Big cheer for @POTUS as thousands at Baxter Arena watch him come off AF1 - the city voted for him in  2008 in red NE https://t.co/MLWEfLOmKd
Big cheer for @POTUS as thousands at Baxter Arena watch him come off AF1 - the city voted for him in  2008 in red NE https://t.co/XRDr67bukV
The favorite Omaha steakhouse of @WarrenBuffett with a welcome to @POTUS who starts his post-SOTU push here today https://t.co/JN11tPqcDw
@SenSanders laughs as he admits watching @POTUS walk into the State Of the Union he thought that could be him (next year)
@SenSanders tells @LesterHoltNBC "I think we have a really good chance to win in Iowa and in NH" says his message will play in every state
RT @LukeRussert: KY Clerk Kim Davis, who denied same sex couples marriage licenses, tells me of #SOTU "it was a speech." https://t.co/a8cnE…
@POTUS takes in critics who want him to say "radical Islamic terrorists"  We just need to call them what they are — killers and fanatics
@VP won't run for President but he will lead the charge to find a cure for cancer says @POTUS #SOTU
File under The Art of understatement: @POTUS "I'm guessing we won't agree on health care anytime soon" #SOTU
In the @MichelleObama box watching: a former convict, a letter writer who thanked @POTUS for Obamacare, a Syrian refugee, A Vietnam vet
Earlier today @SpeakerRyan joked he's been practicing his poker face - expecting @POTUS "to lay verbal traps for us" https://t.co/6PIvXnNvbK
#SOTU @POTUS was tweaking speech well into the afternoon; one draft came in at 3AM
At his final SOTU SPEECH @POTUS first applause line:  "...for this final one, I’m going to try to make it shorter https://t.co/UN4ardPw5D
What will @POTUS say in his last State of the Union?  His priorities and goals - a preview tonight on @NBCNightlyNews
From @SpeakerRyan: criminal justice reform possible this year; he wants trade but "trade is tough" https://t.co/MyRonm0LUu
@SpeakerRyan says he expects @POTUS tonight to "paper over" the threat from ISIS - calls it "intellectually lazy". https://t.co/xumVoVCI5c
Breakfast with @SpeakerRyan says he thinks @POTUS will "lay verbal traps for us" and State of the Union is "a mess" https://t.co/0uVqHLPTdP
Oh my. Texas Lottery officials now say #Powerball will be 1.4 billion.
Sylvester Stallone gets huge standing O at the Globes - 40 years after creating Rocky (he says "his imaginary friend") Gotta see this movie
Globes: YES! for Kate Winslet and Mozart in the Jungle - plus wow, Viola Davis!  That's what a star looks like.
Another must read from @NickKristof https://t.co/KNc1T7nPsM
If the live location looks lonely it's because the real feel temperature in Des Moines is -15. #stayinsidethecar https://t.co/lxhiITnMsg
Donald Trump with two stops in Iowa today - just as a new poll comes out.  A live report on @NBCNightlyNews https://t.co/uq9WNTAQk2
The frozen landscape seen from above Ottumwa Iowa where @realDonaldTrump holds a rally this afternoon https://t.co/EvrR8fU7q4
POTUS sends veto message on Obamacare repeal; criticizes Congress for "refighting old political battles"
RT @LukeRussert: Pope Benedict, Tim Russert, JFK, Rex Ryan, Teddy, Bill Taft, John Wall &amp; JZimm hanging out #NationalBobbleheadDay https://…
President Obama has been briefed a couple of times on NK test - he expects to talk to leaders in SK and Japan but it's 3:55 AM in Japan now
WH:  initial analysis is NOT consistent with successful hydrogen bomb test by North Korea.
A tearful President Obama making his case for gun reform. My story tonight on @NBCNightlyNews
RT @ThomasARoberts: TY 2015 for my family, friends, health, &amp; my @MSNBC @NBCNews family - here's to an even better 2016 #HappyNewYear https…
Have a great year!!! https://t.co/GV5JFobQHH
From New York City to wherever you may be: Happy New Year!!! https://t.co/PiSwjAK5i6
@taralipinski  @ThomasARoberts @ToddKap The Kapostasys are thrilled to welcome Tara to the family! Happy New Year from our family to yours!
Lindsey Graham drops out of GOP race: "While we have run a campaign that has made a real difference, I have concluded this is not my time."
Bill Clinton in NH for moral support for Sec'y Clinton for tonight's Democratic debate - he won't attend (but may tweet from their hotel)
Yes, that R2D2 in the briefing room. https://t.co/zeVzZtCv6h
Josh Earnest and friends in advance of WH Star Wars screening for Gold Star families. https://t.co/YdSInCOTAa
He's not at the WH "Star Wars" screening - @POTUS begins last news conference of the year touting economy,ACA, Cuba https://t.co/qhOVJDgPZp
More than a packed house for @POTUS last news conference of the year. https://t.co/XajHCGQQuR
Lawyer for Fmr House Speaker Dennis Hastert confirms he'a been in hospital for 6 weeks after a stroke; he's waiting sentencing on 1 felony
One day before going to San Bernardino to meet with victims' families, @POTUS says he was briefed on the investigation
"Our greatest allies in this fight are each other...when Americans stand together nothing can beat us."  @POTUS
At Ntl Counterterrorism Center @POTUS tries to reassure Americans there are still no credible threats for the holiday - after being briefed
Post-debate in the spin room @realDonaldTrump says repeatedly  "no chance" of a third-party run
Did @JebBush just get under @realDonaldTrump 's skin? Trump had been having a very controlled night
This is the first time I remember a debater challenging the audience.  @realDonaldTrump has said:  go after me and I will strike back
@JebBush to @realDonaldTrump "You're not going to be able to insult your way to the Presidency". Bush still can't believe he's losing to him
Carson missed an opportunity to weigh in on NSA program
First question to @realDonaldTrump about isolationism:  "t's not isolationism it's security...I will build a wall.  It will be a great wall
Officials in Los Angeles announce they will re-open schools on Wednesday.
At naturalization ceremony @POTUS:  "Immigrants and refugees revitalize and renew America". https://t.co/VPTVtlOUlo
At National Archives, @POTUS watched 31 people raise their hands to take the oath as new citizens,some with American flags that they waved
NYC Mayor says a threat against NY schools was deemed NOT credible; PD: may have been a fan of the series Homeland..don't want to over-react
Former LA Mayor says district schools were shut down after "multiple threats" were called in and evaluated.
President Obama now finishing up a meeting with his national security team at the Pentagon and will make a statement following.
Reps from 195 countries make historic climate deal to lower greenhouse gas emissions- help stop the most drastic effects of climate change.
Overnight @RealBenCarson with op ed in Trump and Muslims. https://t.co/BwNZuyy7IQ
NBC News confirms FBI divers are searching Seccombe Lake Park, a few miles from where the #SanBernardino shooting took place.
WH tells me most people are relieved Trump isn't going to Israel; situation there volatile, so this is a "good outcome for all involved."
Josh Earnest says changes to the K1 "fiancé" visa program are likely after the shootings in San Bernardino and Malik's entry to US
RT @NBCNightlyNews: .@tombrokaw reflects on the lessons history can teach us about the dangers of fear and intolerance #NBCNightlyNews http…
New NBC poll: Clinton beats GOP presidential field in hypothetical matchups; Ben Carson and Marco Rubio run closest - biggest lead vs Trump
Kennedy Center Honors:  Secretary of State John Kerry had a cameo role, delivering effusive remarks about Carole King
Echoing @POTUS tonight that "Muslim Americans are our friends and our neighbors" Jeh Johnson holding press conference with Imam  in VA tmr
President Obama to address the nation on the ongoing terror investigation in San Bernardino Sunday night at 8PM
President Obama to address the nation on the ongoing terror investigation in San Bernardino tomorrow, Sunday, at 8 PM.
RT @NBCNightlyNews: Sister of San Bernardino shooting suspect speaks out about Syed Farook and his wife - @ChrisJansing https://t.co/oaRORE…
More crowds at the Place de Republique - we'll have breaking news on terror fight coming up @MSNBC 3-6 eastern live. https://t.co/mgfZks4lPu
The Montmartre neighborhood in Paris looks festive but the streets are eerily quiet; restaurants nearly empty https://t.co/BWYkdFZRn7
State Department on travel:	https://t.co/YmOm4gJ6kc
About to join @JoseDiazBalart for the latest on the terror raid from Paris.
Saying  "This is not my time." Gov. Bobby Jindal has pulled out of the race for President.
Celebrating the beauty and resilience of Paris and its people https://t.co/WFYrlqoR8h
Vive la France!  #prayforParis https://t.co/P38CHlDqyj
French President Hollande will meet with President Obama in Washington next Tuesday - then head to Moscow for Putin meeting re:  ISIS fight
Large crowds continue to gather around Paris - this one at Place de las Republique at 1:30 in the afternoon https://t.co/01qXtcgOFj
Media assembled at Place de la Republique in Paris - about to start @waytooearly https://t.co/g3M5q0elFv
Boarding flight for Paris - see you tomorrow on @waytooearly  then Morning Joe https://t.co/2mWRMrDyoL
Join me one more time from 10-11PM eastern on @MSNBC for the very latest on the Paris attacks and stepped up security in the US
@VP: Such savagery can  never threaten who we are. We will respond. We will overcome. We will endure.
@VP on Paris attacks: It’s heartbreaking.Outrageous. The American people understand &amp; share the pain the people of Paris are going through.
RT @LukeRussert: Spot on reporting from @RichardEngel --sophistication of #ParisAttack suggests Al-Qaeda, their rivalry w #ISIS dangerous. …
French President François Hollande ordered a state of emergency in Paris and closed the country's borders calling attacks a "horror".
POTUS on Paris attacks: We stand prepared and ready to provide whatever assistance that the government and people of France need to respond
With @POTUS  at WH today: Madeleine Albright, James Baker, Bill Cohen, Henry Kissinger, Colin Powell, Brent Scowcroft &amp; more talking trade
At Bob Jones University @RealBenCarson tell me he won't get into the mud w Trump calling his redemption story stupid https://t.co/BWFJ0lP7Lc
New documents from @RealBenCarson campaign defending his China/Syria comments coming up @MSNBC morning joe now!
And that's a wrap from the debate hall in Milwaukee. https://t.co/nCsbOhu358
Late in the debate @CarlyFiorina has her moment being the most aggressive on the military - big reaction from the crowd
GOP lucky the Victoria's Secret fashion show - airing in about 185 countries tonight - is delayed until December in the US
@JebBush AND @RealBenCarson hanging back - that hasn't hurt Carson in past but Bush only has about 45 minutes to make a bigger mark
@realDonaldTrump may have crossed the line going after @johnKasich with "I don't need to hear from this man"- didn't play well in the hall
@GovJohnKasich goes after @realDonaldTrump on plan to deport 11 million people:  Trump says "You should let Jeb speak"
The vetting/West Point question is lobbed to @RealBenCarson - he's ready - and they move on. Is that the end of it 2nite?  Seems it might be
In the spin room @RickSantorum argues for different criteria for main debate - unhappy w term undercard. https://t.co/eln0d8kiP5
@realDonaldTrump @RealBenCarson both oppose raising the minimum wage; Carson claims higher wages kills jobs.  @marcorubio says a "disaster"
Just survived the spin room.No show @ChrisChristie Jindal worked up about term limits - @GovMikeHuckabee @RickSantorum about debate criteria
While the undercard debates @RealBenCarson campaign tells me it has raised $6 million the first 10 days of November #NBC2016
What Democratic member of Congress do you most admire?  Jindal refuses to answer - @GovMikeHuckabee reminds everyone of Veterans Day
"I'll give you a ribbon for participation and a juice box"  Jindal to Christie.  These guys are pulling out all the zingers
I wish I was keeping count of how many times @GovChristie has said "Hillary Clinton.  A lot
Christie strategy:  show he's the one to take on @HillaryClinton --hitting her and Obama for "feckless foreign policy"
Hillary Clinton's coming for your wallet everybody.  Don't worry about Huckabee and Jindal.  Worry about her:  @GovChristie
Govs Jindal and Huckabee sparring over who was the most frugal governor; this matters to the GOP but the fact checkers are in overdrive.
Undercard is underway.   Huge challenge to break out - and with next debate in the middle of the holidays - this is the time
Campaign of @RealBenCarson says he set a one day record yesterday:  20,000 pieces of mail.  85 -90% with  a check...still counting the take.
Back at the WH - a man was arrested for launching "a small object " over the fence line with a sling shot.
Who's real?  And who's Memorex? https://t.co/QtqIo0p7eR
It's time kids. Donald Trump on SNL. "Many of the greats have hosted. Like me"
Environmentalist Bill McKibben, major Keystone critic, reacts to decision: "... That gives (Obama) new stature as an environmental leader"
At 11:45 POTUS announcing decision on Keystone - expecting to reject - big victory for environmentalists and in line with Hillary Clinton
The good news about my flight from FL:  got to watch my @Browns.Bad news. Another very, very, very rough game.
RT @NBCNightlyNews: Ben Carson under scrutiny over his claims about historical events. @ChrisJansing reports: https://t.co/GXgxsK6yNQ
RT @PeterAlexander: .@NBC spox: NBC accidentally posted wrong @YouTube link w 8 @nbcsnl promos - 3 of them not for air, inc Trump calling C…
Tonight @POTUS joking about the 7 year anniversary of his election as President. 	"Clearly the grey hair testifies."
About to appear on @mitchellreports from packed Ben Carson event https://t.co/RmDCmQs1a5
RT @NBCNightlyNews: WATCH: Pres. Obama's exclusive interview with @LesterHoltNBC.		Part 2: https://t.co/IhkPai4HXT https://t.co/vTk8T2OenQ
Huge crowd for #BenCarson after he surges in our poll but can he seize momentum and top Clinton? @NBCNightlyNews https://t.co/tUrke0Ty4f
RT @KatyTurNBC: Now that's what I call a 5 box! Great to share time w smart women. @kasie @kwelkernbc @ChrisJansing @mitchellreports https:…
Candidates' RNC revolt weakens -Fiorina, Kasich won't sign letter + Christie "..set up a stage, put podiums up there and let's just go, OK?"
Pool note from fundraising dinner attended by @POTUS:  they dined on something unidentifiable -- but definitely delicious looking
Team Fiorina who skipped GOP debate meeting: "We do not care whether it's 67 degrees or our green room isn't as plush as another candidate."
With Carson leading nationally - pollster says Carson "has broad support, but we don’t know yet the depth and commitment of that support."
Carson 1st in NBC poll w 50% combined as first or second choice among GOP primary voters - followed by 35 percent for Trump, 24 for Rubio
Ben Carson has surged in new NBC/WSJ poll 29% of GOP primary voters, Trump 23 Rubio at 11% Cruz 10 and Bush 8% https://t.co/7IDfp5o4PG
RT @NBCNightlyNews: Pres. Obama tells @LesterHoltNBC he hopes successor will be as concerned as he is about racial disparity &amp; justice http…
On AF1 @PressSec briefs en route to @POTUS event in NJ &amp; calls @GovChristie criticism "irresponsible", says his poll #s close to an asterisk
Ben Carson on recreational marijuana:  studies show persistent regular use can mean lower IQs -  we already have enough people with low IQs
Just now:  @POTUS signed the two-year budget package, saying parties "came together"&amp;  calling it a "signal of how Washington should work."
Halloween leftovers in the WH briefing room. https://t.co/MQqU4KRQNn
WH says @POTUS called Paul Ryan to congratulate him as he becomes new Speaker of the House
It appear the first poll giving Ben Carson the national lead has been good to him: raising $2m in the last 48 hours https://t.co/IA3CMZ41hq
Carson camp tells me they've already reached out to Trump and Fiorina teams about pushing big changes for future debates -the next is 11/10
Carson says his campaign is talking to all campaigns to change format of future debates. https://t.co/iLdGh4W3zG
One of the @RealBenCarson supporters waiting to hear him speak in Colorado "The country's sick and needs a doctor". https://t.co/LtNjfnwQvv
Long line waiting to hear @RealBenCarson in his post-debate speech at Colorado Christian University. https://t.co/WdgEHNvSZj
About to join @jdbalart looking forward after last night's debate. https://t.co/4jQGQpOWqm
The countdown is on. Just hours away from Paul Ryan taking over as Speaker of the House. Promising to "move forward" and unify.
Donald Trump just told @KatyTurNBC that it was not a strategic move to avoid hitting Ben Carson "I just happen to like the guy."
Trump in the media crush https://t.co/Bu3kZdu6Cu
RNC chair Reince Priebus comes out to say he's proud of his candidates - but criticizes moderators. https://t.co/hhgi75AxvA
Christie has decided he's going to make his mark on this debate as the time winds down.  Not sure how dissing fantasy football will go down
Huckabee takes a page from Bernie Sanders and defends Donald Trump
Carson says gay community shouldn't think that if you're against gay marriage you're a homophobe.
Trump isn't the only one who can use a debate to sell a book. Marco did &amp; has a good moment.  And why isn't Trump talking "Art of the Deal"?
Well done and well-deserved!  Congrats https://t.co/wlaD7Svxk4
Bush phrase "warm kiss" sends viewers to the playoffs instead
Here we go.  Trump challenged on bankruptcies:  says all big businesses use bankruptcy laws to their own benefit...and "I'm glad I did it"
The tenor of debate suggests the candidates feel the pressure and are determined to break out.  WAIT Did Cruz just say "Colorado brownies"?
Ted Cruz takes on the media and the questioners -  much to the delight of the audience.  Then doesn't have the time to answer the question
OUCH!  Jeb Bush says Rubio should do his job or resign. But Rubio slams back.  #oncegoodfriends
Rubio gets challenged on missing so many Senate votes and FL newspaper saying he should resign.  He blames mainstream media and gets cheers
Carly Fiorina says she turn the 73-thousand tax code into three.  CNBC moderator incredulous.
Kasich goes after Carson, @realDonaldTrump  on their tax plans. Trump isn't taking it."His poll numbers tanked! That's why he's on the end"
Harwood to @realDonaldTrump :  "Is this a comic book version of a Presidential campaign?"  Trump doesn't swing back
Fiorina and Christie engage the audience with a joke - and then slip in a prepared statement.  But smooth.  Rand Paul just ignores the ???
Turns out the "biggest weakness" question is pretty good -  gets the candidates to avoid or joke.  Except Trump, who says he trusts too much
John Kasich comes out swinging - doesn't answer a question on "biggest weakness" but suggests some candidates aren't ready to be President
The candidates are taking the stage here in Boulder; talking to GOP strategists all day - seldom heard such disparate predictions!
POTUS with Prince Harry in the Oval about HRH's support of Invictus Games, bringing together wounded warriors https://t.co/FA993tUtcF
In the spin room before the CNBC debate with @realbencarason - the new front runner says he's not nervous. https://t.co/9YojWLchvL
1st Q Cavs/Bulls @POTUS wearing suit jacket no tie walked onto the court &amp; shook hands w fans seated courtside just across from Cavs bench
@richgalen @ktumulty Rich, kudos!
@ktumulty fantastic. Here's to many more!
We all know who @POTUS will be rooting for at the Bulls-Cavs season opener. He doesn't have to worry about the OH vote anymore. Go Cavs!!!