-Words create stories-	:Stories are shared:	(Shared stories create wisdom)	|Praise All &amp; Revere Few|
*Karma	-Create Beauty-	{Mind+Body}	=Spirit	&lt;Experience}	~Reality~
The replenishment of stolen time, creeping around lost landmines &amp; vanishing property, swept away with dirty money.  How can those in power help the middle and lower when all is done to keep power between each other.
*Anger	(Frustration)	[Miscommunication]	#Blame	:Loss:
It looks like he's killing a beast, but he's now just killing the demons in his soul. Works of beauty for everyone to live through. The time has come to make it known. It's not all just make-believe. All he has ever done was to follow his dreams. https://t.co/Rz5gv40C5w
A soft grey rabbit always traveled home with me. One in the beginning and one at the end. Every night it seems I need a soul to guide me through.
Stars blazing	https://t.co/j2luNrUwnx
Memoirs of a Midwest boy 	https://t.co/9NiPW4DZ5H
Break the vase / Bend the spoon	https://t.co/XmqEsPXKVk
what makes my mind exist	the eye of knowledge 	the freedom of wisdom	excellence without deception 	terrified by indecision 	conjured emotion from the muse to me
muscle for the man	goose for the privileged	shots by the supremacists	looking for early churches	of the deepest roots	truth for suits that publicize	the only language they know 	hate, hate, hate but maybe 	love, love, love, is the purest answer
Make sense, not signs
drug wars, social warfare all intertwined with football. I won’t stand in the rain but you better not kneel. we don’t care unless you’re from the upper class. good luck when you have to buy air - a poem for the red hats of the world
@RyanAFournier Right...because that Boy Scout was doing the nation justice with his cocky smile as the “mob” of catholic kids mocked a man that risked his life for our freedom. Good reporting though maybe I’ll see you in prison one day with your buddy trump.
compassion for those that need	help for those that try	love for all mankind	lives worth more than a dollar sign 	behind no figures disguise	unruly until the great demise	face the maker to broker a deal	twist the steel for lust that kills
driving slow in the snow	looking left and then right	not sure how life has got this far	wondering where I’ll be at noon	high tides and high times 	signs weaving beacons of red and blue
A human in constant insolation turns into an island of their own mind. Loops and loops of what they feed themselves. Be that growth or misery. It’s a constant choice to determine what’s right for thee.
Arabic Proverb	Open your mouth only if your words are more beautiful than your silence.
@thequeensheart Doodle a day and a page a day in my journal with some hard exercise sprinkled in the middle
when you lay plans to destroy the towers	life of cowards that shout racial abuse and never suffer backlash 	a haunted dream begins to unfold taking place in a world we own	in no control but the thoughts and words we say 	I’ll take my day when the lord comes to play https://t.co/WMs1h1R8Es
This is an American dream, this is what we should allow to be popularized. Immigrants that came to another country, laid roots and started a new political dynasty. Thanks for all the inspiration, I need a good image of what’s possible. https://t.co/IKshvxK6Md
words flow like an ocean	rhythm and blues from a far out stream	shouting and screaming in a hypnotic tongue	sending signs that you are mine	&amp; I’m yours til infinity and the great beyond
@RandPaul Rand are you trying to undermine the American people? You sound foolish protecting this man. I’m ashamed you represent Kentucky with a backwards attitude towards how people should be treated.
@Keidi_Keating I feel like I would just shoot the shit with Twain to talk about nothing and everything all at once
Contracts in the sky https://t.co/H11b3AnAbZ
wake up in simple dream	you did you I did me	now it seems I conceived	a life of kindness with a dash of hope in between
1. Honesty	2. Humility 	3. Simple Truths	Those three things wrapped in humor is the ultimate human expression in a world of satire.
@AOC As a new Congress member how is this actually possible. At this point we know it’s about race and keeping the order the same as it always has been. Is Washington really this broken? The wall is clearly just a totem to stand by views that aren’t supported in facts and figures.
What is freedom in a world controlled with privatization and fraudulent charities turning standardized testing into a creature of economic terror.
a blue haze covered in shade	undaunted by the wayward favored	life hidden in shadows with commandos 	to protect and grow at the exchange of abuse	what timeline are we on now	a world that still turns bound by gravity and matter that’s unseen but never silent
Left with enough tension to kill a giant, undisturbed by the riots of yesterday’s men &amp; women fighting for power and controlling the conversation with shameful rhetoric.
A sound of silence as we ring an alarm to a wall that’s hypocritical in nature and built to tear down future generations.
@Nappyb0yy It’s sounds more like human rights to me. We have a drug war that both governments allow and the people in the middle are being destroyed and we treat them like animals, locking their children in cages and separating families.
Death is a spirit. You notice it as it touches life. Methods matter. What is your sonic sound in life.	Shapes &amp; Shadows
Turn your pages. https://t.co/MJJAvEKt2H
(Nature)+[Rest]~|Teamwork|
Sometimes plain bluntness causes more harm than good. It has to be shaded for progress sake. To keep simple minds in chambers of columns surrounded by golems for supposed misbehavior of titans of the leftover roman republic or con artists of this new age.
Where are the traitors in history putting archers in a vice? Mirrors reflect my memory for better or for worse. I'm now surrounded by quicksand mixed with asphalt to an uncovered night.
@TheJamesCrozier No problem dude, loved the feed, my friend.
A wealth of nations feeding off excess from an outside system. Who owns what in the eyes of the Oversoul? Where does equality start and inequality end? How do the broken get ahead? How did we get to a place where hate is so rampent?
I seem to be lost in tall grass with trees towering over my head.
Flip your phone tell me what you see. https://t.co/UmjxcjNFZ9
@Wethepeoplehope Happy Birthday, Andrew. You are loved.
Pockets full of beauty https://t.co/6v8Ydyrob5
@ErinLea7 ❤️
@Nappyb0yy Simply Neat
amor caritas
I’ve got my grandmother in my way shouting for heavens sake. Leave in my Jesus suite listening to Jesus speak. Listen to my ear and say everything that makes a way.
Morning rituals https://t.co/zDYcQ4hk32
Doodle of the day https://t.co/AdPORxOBxM
@jumpmasteradams That’s so powerful, can’t wait to see the future for you.
@earthangelally The smell of fresh paint, reminds me of a my dad
A calm mind in a raging fire. How’s it done? The prepared thoughts before hand. Fires will rage. Monsoons will make land fall. The Earth will shatter from time to time as it has for billions of years.
@ayanatheoracle My heart feels full today with family.
@divinus_dea Can you illuminate on any archangels. That’s fascinating and just what I needed right now. Thanks.
Some times I pray, sometimes I meditate. There are days when thought is pure and concise. I’m running from my demons now. Within a flow of emotion that lead me to new breakthroughs of self discovery.
And as I sang “the sky began to fall” rain poured down and drowned my soul. Out to sea for a moments breeze waiting on a cloud to carry away the ash in my sight.
I guess we’re all always waiting for something. That is a human condition after all. It seems there’s never enough to go round. Old roots are constantly ripped out for new ones to be planted in the essential minerals of the past.
A bit like a tin man. Finally found his heart. It was to much to bear. Loving himself is a New Experience.
@funder Looks like he’s praying to me.
I'm nothing. Just ash traveling with smoke.	I'm a nothing man, just dust traveling the the desert. I'm nothing man, just a Johnny getting by.	Shades of black for the man who sang.
He dreams now to be relieved of a nightly terror deep inside. He bared for all his life. Just playing games and wasting time.
Wisdom is Greater than Silver &amp; Gold
Perfection is a perfect circle. Hard to draw, easy to see. I just say thanks over and over. I love it all.
The golden horizon upon me watching from the sea. The mystique of the moon setting from behind. The winds of change controlling the sails. I’ve yet but two oars to guide my life. Waiting until the shoreline of my little town is no longer in view.
I don't do it for gold. I've got everything I need, inside inside my soul. I don't know why we've been told everything you have, is what you've been sold.
The first female to run for president in 1871.               Frederick Douglass as her running mate.                                              The world has always needed disrupters. https://t.co/GPE2QgIJy0
@jockowillink I'm sure you've answered this before but how would you say is the best approach to help the homeless veterans. I never served but my father did and he's done great with the foundation military built for him, but so many come home to very little.
A sky of grey. Time sailed away, with no remembrance of good or bad. Just counting sheep until the light arises out of ash &amp; dust.
”Whoever embraces necessity count as skilled in divine matters.”	               - Euripides
@DeeperThrill And the righteous strong Shepherd the weak to become self sufficient.
@AscendantPower @DeeperThrill Play the game to become helpful.	Play the game to be virtuous.	Play the game to reward others and yourself.
@imatriarch It’s almost like life is a long meditation. There’s neither good or bad. Just feelings and thoughts that occur along the journey.
@Bphil1231980 @Ocasio2018 I’m sure you would much prefer a career politician with backing of the NRA, big oil, and Saudi connections. Instead of a fresh, young women willing to learn and share the process of politics to the new generations.
@Ocasio2018 One day when Miss Alexandria has 100s of thousands of people viewing her dinner time chats. We might look back at this start and see the change in politics you are pushing for through action and transparency. Thanks for inspiring a “20 something millennial.”
It hits you right on the money when it happens. Days when thought is turned into action. The intersection of your mind and the natural world.
Hunter S. Thompson eulogy for Nixon. What will they say about Trump one day? https://t.co/pmsKraf1se
@nytimes That’s a very pleasing piece of advertisement journalism.
Hope or fear the future of your life. Both rob you of the present. Zen says all is now. The Bible says all is vanity. Allow yourself to create authentic work that show your spirit. All that matters is this moment you are living in now.
No Rush - No Pause
A soul of gratitude.  	A warm heart to help light mine.	Waves of discontent put to rest. 	With a simple glance eye to eye.
“Genius is the ability to put into effect what is in your mind. There’s no other definition of it.”  - F. Scott Fitzgerald
Somewhere between self-medication and Meditation. I sit on a plane between the clouds and earth. Suspended and grounded all in the same realm. https://t.co/PAYlYD6dDh
Nowhere plans. Nowhere to be. What great sights to see.
@kevinrose thanks all the free stuff.
Ramblings #2	“Memoirs of a Midwest Girl” 	https://t.co/0ofspAAaMV
“Some grow young, some grow cold.”