RT @GriffinHardyWX: With regards to Sunday, I think the best region for any storms to turn severe will be in the Southern half of Alabama.…
@JackRoyer @CBS_42 🐐
RT @JackRoyer: Set to anchor @CBS_42 News at 5 and 6 from the Highway 280 Birmingham Water Works Facility, after a chemical spill shutdown…
A Vestavia Hill’s School Bus just drove through this cordoned off area https://t.co/iKvuo7yBSg
We’re hearing reports of a chemical spill at the water treatment facility on Shades Crest Rd just off of Highway 280. Trying to confirm more information with officials now. https://t.co/QdlKmh7G0j
https://t.co/PamoxZVfCc		The CEO and a former board member at Alamerica Bank testified today. Here's a summary of their testimonies.
After Daryl's death, Clarissa signed an agreement that gave Donald Watkins Sr. control over her family's share of Masada.
Majority of company, therefore, owned by Johnson and Harms estates.
Watkins in his deposition claims that in 1998 he had a small piece of Masada -- "Pencor's piece of Masada which was 25% of a project in New York and 10% Class A of the other markets specified in the offering memorandum."
Harms says that when her husband died, his ownership was passed on into trust he established for his family. Harms says she cannot pinpoint the exact value of the company, but she remembers her late husband saying 40 million.
Article by CNN Money in 2003 profiling Daryl Harms: https://t.co/J0ftiJNuir
New witness: Clarissa Harms. Her husband was Daryl Harms who passed away in 2005. Daryl founded Masada with Terry Johnson.
Weaver says he is unaware of any Reg-O violations committed by Watkins Jr.
https://t.co/PamoxZVfCc		Two current and former top executives with Alamerica Bank have testified so far today.
We are back. Weaver says that Watkins Sr. never tried to suppress or conceal any information in regards to Arrington's loans.
We are adjourning for lunch.
Weaver says that Watkins was asked to leave the Alamerica Board of Directors for this reason.
Looking at the Audit Report Plan of Action: "Regulation O violations seem to have occurred related to Donald Watkins Sr's 100,000 line of credit that has been fully drawn most of the time since origination in 2000."
"It was deemed the be a Reg-O violation and once that happens there is no recourse except to follow the regulation procedures." That included an internal audit which Weaver says costed them about $35,000.
"We wouldn't have done it," says Weaver. Weaver explains that taking out this loan and passing the money to someone else would have "set off regulations."
Weaver says if he had known that the loan would ultimately be going to Donald Watkins Sr, it would have changed his decision making process.
Weaver says they were not aware that on the exact same day Arrington took out a loan for $101,000, Arrington wrote a check to Watkins Sr. for $100,000. "90-day loan" is written on the check.
Looking at the official commercial loan application for Arrington's first loan for $100,000.
Weaver served as a board member of Alamerica Bank.
Weaver was the insurance commissioner for the State of Alabama for 5 years.
New Witness: Mike Weaver
Watkins Jr's cross-examination questions establish that he was doing work as an insurance agent with State Farm at the time.
Right now we're looking at a letter addressed to Matt Rockett from Kimberly Perkins which talks about Nabirm and Charles Barkley's investments in the company. Perkins says Watkins wrote the letter and she merely signed it.
We're talking about how the Watkins Pencor offices are set up. Perkins says her, Watkins Sr, Watkins Jr and Arrington were all in the same suite.
Perkins started working for Donald Watkins Sr. as a receptionist in 2003.
Perkins says that she is an attorney
We just came out of a break. Government is calling Kimberly Perkins to the stand.
2/2 Prosecutor asks Tate if Watkins Sr. and Jr. ever gave the board an opportunity to turn them down by allegedly using Arrington as a straw man. Tate says they did not give him an opportunity.
1/2 "All loans to an executive officer must be promptly reported to the institution's board of directors. That means it must be reported at the next board meeting after the loan was made."
2/2 When Tate responded 7 days, Watkins replied, "7 days will not work. It has to be completed today. This is critical."
1/2 Texts submitted into evidence show Watkins Sr. texting Tate asking for Arrington Jr's loan to be processed more quickly. "Can you get Matt [Rockett] to finish Arrington’s transactions today? He has some thinks to take care of."
Watkins Jr. will now cross-examine Tate
Watkins: "Did you ever have an occasions where I asked you to fudge the riles?" Tate: "No."
Watkins: "Did Matt Rockett partake in any type of analysis to determine if I was an exception to the tangible benefits rule?" Tate says he does not know.
Tate agrees with Watkins' cross-examination question and says there is an exception: "when the proceeds are used to purchase goods or services from an insider of the institution in the normal course of commerce. "
We're talking about transfer regulations now: "If the institution make a loan and the proceeds of the loan are transferred to an insider or an insider receives tangible economic benefit from the loan then the loan is treats as if it were made directly to the insider."
Watkins Sr. is alleged of using Arrington to get loans from the bank in his place. Tate said had their board known the money was going to Watkins Sr, they would not have approved the loans for Arrington.
ICYMI: Here's my write-up on former Birmingham Mayor Richard Arrington Jr's testimony from yesterday. https://t.co/lCxHeiNtgo
Alamerica Bank CEO Larry Tate has taken the stand
Back inside the courtroom for day 6 of the Watkins fraud trial
Prosecution now re-directing.
Arrington Jr. Agrees that Watkins Jr. Has always been loyal, honest and trustworthy.
Donald Watkins Jr. is now cross-examining Arrington Jr.
Watkins Sr. has brought up the night his father died. He asked Arrington Jr. "And after that, you became a father figure to me, right?" Arrington agreed.
Arrington Jr. acknowledges that he has taken loans from Watkins Jr. in the past. When Watkins Sr. asked if the money exchange has been a two-way street, Arrington Jr. said "yes."
Arrington Jr. says that Watkins Jr. never asked him to falsify or conceal any information in his testimony.
bank*
Watkins Sr. will now cross-examine Arrington Jr.
Arrington Jr. says he got a promissory note saying Donald Watkins Sr would pay $415,000 (higher number due to interest) at an annual rate of 4.5%. Due date was September 5, 2014. Arrington Jr. says that this is the first promissory agreement made between the two parties.
On March 4, 2014, the back sent Arrington Jr. another letter saying that Arrington Jr. now owed $364k which included attorney fees and such.
Arrington Jr. received a letter on February 20, 2014 from Alamerica bank saying that the over 300k in outstanding loans was 71 days past due. Arrington Jr. went back to Donald Watkins Sr. who said he did not have the money to pay him back.
We're looking at a balance of one of Watkins Sr's accounts. Arrington Jr's $150,000 loan was deposited on November 20, 2012. On November 21, $53,000 in American Express payments were made.
2/2 "I knew Donald Watkins Sr. was not capable of acquiring those funds in the time frame that we needed them, and that he needed them, that I needed them, and so my next option on the list was Dr. Arrington."
1/2 Watkins Jr. Deposition: "[We] had some items that needed to be paid, and I believe we were looking for a short term solution to take care of those items. "
Arrington Jr. says he did not know that Watkins Sr. and Jr. intended to use his loans to pay off American Express obligations.
Document says the purpose of the loan is "equity injection to purchase additional ownership unit in a equity acquisition and provide working capital for Jennro, LLC"
A promissory note is being shown that says another loan was taken out November 20,2012 for $151,759.
JennRo wrote a 128k check to pay off Richard Arrington Jr's first two loans. With the check for 600k being used to pay off debt, Arrington Jr. now has just 150k outstanding.
On Oct 19, 2012, Richard Arrington Jr. wrote a check for $600,000 to Alamerica bank.
A check is being shown in court, written on Oct 10, 2012 that cleared Oct 18, 2012, to Richard Arrington Jr. for $600,000.
Now we're looking at bank statements that show an incoming wire to one of Watkins' account on Oct 15, 2012 for $750,000 from Charles Barkley.
We're taking a lunch recess and will be back at 1:30.
Also from Watkins Jr's deposition, he claims to have not given Arrington wiring instruction as he does not "know them by heart." Says that the "transaction was handled directly by JennRo, and directly by Dr. Arrington." Arrington says this is not true.
Deposition of Donald Watkins Jr: "I did not arrange for nay wires to be sent."
Arrington says that Donald Watkins Jr. handled the wire transfers, gave him instructions, told him what to sign etc.
2/2 The exact same day, $5,000 was paid out to Grant Aviation, $12,883 to Bank of Ozarks, $21,832 to Bloom Law Firm, and $488,408 to Varnum. By the end of the month, just about the entire $750,000 was transferred out.
1/2 Now we're looking at account balances. On September 21, 2012 Arrington's 750k was transferred to the account of Watkins Sr.
Arrington was throwing up about 260k in personal assets for the loan that was supposed to ultimately be repaid by Charles Barkley's investment, he says.
That letter to Rockett was dated September 18, 2012.
Arrington says he was put in touch with Matt Rockett, a loan officer at Alamerica Bank. Arrington wrote a letter to Rockett saying he would put up his personal assets for the loan.
Arrington received another request from Watkins for another loan, but this request was far larger than the previous: $750,000. Arrington said he didn't have the assets to make a loan of that size. Watkins Sr. suggested he use his life insurance policy.
To recap: Arrington already loaned out $126,000 to Watkins Sr. which had not been paid off. Watkins Sr. came back and asked for the added $750,000. Arrington claims that Watkins Sr. said he expected to receive a loan from Charles Barkley, and then would repay Arrington.
Email from Glenn Guthrie has been posted again. Emails show agreement struck between Charles Barkley's camp and Watkins in September of 2012.
Arrington says the loan was collateralized with his life insurance policies. Reads that should Arrington die, collectors are asked to go to Watkins Sr. for payment to avoid tapping the life insurance.
Arrington's affidavit from May 15, 2012 has been submitted as evidence. Arrington says he got an affidavit detailing his loans to Donald Watkins Sr. because he was growing more and more concerned that the loans would not be repaid.
Richard Arrington Jr. says he eventually became "concerned" that he might not get his money back from these loans.
Looking at a check now from Richard Arrington Jr. from 5/6/2011 for $20,000. This is another check labeled as a "loan" to Donald Watkins Sr.
Second loan Arrington took out was for $25,000
Watkins Sr. approached Arrington Jr. for a second loan in May of 2011.
Richard Arrington Jr. says he does not recall telling anyone that the loan he took out from Alamerica Bank would be going to Donald Watkins Sr.
The date for that 90 day loan is July 16th, 2010.
Richard Arrington Jr says he paid that 100k to Donald Watkins PC as a 90 day loan.
Richard Arrington Jr. says he took a loan of $100,000 from Alamerica Bank for Watkins Pencor.
Arrington Jr. says that the only compensation he has received is from some loan payments.
Arrington Jr. said that he played a very small role in the growth the company's interests across the country.
According to court documents, Watkins Sr. and Arrington Jr. signed an agreement in 2001 that conditionally granted him 10% of proceeds from Watkins Pencor.
Arrington Jr. says his office is just a couple doors down from Donald Watkins Sr's
Remember: Richard Arrington Jr. has been given immunity in this case to testify.
Arrington Jr. says he has known Donald Watkins Sr. for about two decades.
BREAKING: Former Birmingham Mayor Richard Arrington Jr. has taken the stand.
We are in recess until 11
Watkins Sr: "After you made your purchase, would you still deem that 'your money?'"
Taylor-Stoudamire says she only went to Donald Watkins Sr's data room only one time in 12 years. She says the one time she came in, she was "shuffled through real fast." "Why do I have to go through every piece of paper work if I trust you?"
Donald Watkins Sr. is back up for re-direct. Says that Taylor-Stoudamire had 3-4 weeks to read the purchase agreement and the agreement is only 2 pages long.
Judge Bowdre is telling Donald Watkins Jr. that his questions are too long and not tailored enough. Remember, both Donald Watkins Sr. and Jr are representing themselves and handling their own cross-examination.
Taylor-Stoudamire agrees that the majority of information she received came from Donald Watkins Sr. before signing. After signing the agreement, she can't remember which emails came from who because "both of your names were on everything."
@WarOnDumb Yeah it was all pointing back to the Eric Marcus testimony.
Donald Watkins Jr. continuing with his previously used strategy of distancing himself -- asking Taylor-Stoudamire if they ever discussed the investments together. Jr. says he wouldn't have been sending her emails if she had not already made agreements with Donald Watkins Sr.
Donald Watkins Sr. concludes cross-examination. Now Donald Watkins Jr. is up.
Taylor-Stoudamire: "With this investigation going on I just haven't talked to you because I just hope that this is a nightmare."
Taylor-Stoudamire: "I hope all of this goes away and it’s a nightmare I am not living. I trusted you as a friend of the family."
Taylor Stoudamire: "I trusted you and invested with you to invest in Masada, not to invest in Donald [Watkins Sr.]."
Taylor-Stoudamire admits there there is always a degree of risk when making investments.
Watkins Sr. "Did you request any changes in the language of the purchase agreement before or after you signed it?" Taylor-Stoudamire: "I didn't request any changes because I trusted you."
Taylor-Stoudamire says she went against the advice of her financial advisers and said "I thought you were a person of integrity."
2/2 “While the overwhelming majority of the sales proceeds have been used directly or indirectly to fund Masada's growth and expansion, there was no provision in the Watkins Pencor/Masada operating agreements that required the proceeds of the sale to be invested in Masada.”
1/2 Now we're looking at the purchasing agreement. Donald Watkins Sr. read the below portion:
Donald Watkins Sr. showing document that says "The Watkins Pencor economic participation agreements are irrevocable."
No further questions from prosecutor. Now Donald Watkins Sr. will cross-examine the witness.
"I believed that I was investing in a company," says Taylor-Stoudamire. She says that comes from what Donald Watkins Sr. and Jr. told her and emailed her.
Donald Watkins Sr. re-affirms in that video statement that investors were not investing in Masada, they were investing in Donald Watkins Sr. Taylor' Stoudamire shakes her head and says she was always under the impression she was investing in the company, Masada.
Deposition tape of Donald Watkins Sr. says that investors never asked where the money was going. Taylor-Stoudamire says "that is absolutely not true," and she asked several times where her money was going.
2/2 ....the only way that emails could not have crossed state lines is if all senders/recipients were in NJ at the exact same time. This is part of the prosecution's case to prove wire fraud.
1/2 Taylor-Stoudamire says she has never lived in New Jersey and never opened and of these emails in New Jersey. Eric Marcus' testimony last week said that since their east coast email server is in New Jersey...
Courtroom is being shown an email from Donald Watkins Sr. to Jr with an attached Masada Stakeholder Report. Taylor-Stoudamire says she and other investors were sent a couple of these and they made her feel secure with her investment.
Now we're looking at emails from Donald Watkins Jr. to Taylor-Stoudamire thanking her for investing and visiting Birmingham, and telling her there will be investor meetings in the coming future. Taylor-Stoudamire says no such investment meetings ever took place.
Prosecution claims that Taylor-Stoudamire's money went towards paying for Watkins Sr's girlfriends expenses which include Neiman Marcus charges and a hotel room at the NYC Palace Hotel.
Prosecutor: "Did you know that your money was going to be used to pay all the loans of the defendant and a credit card in the name of Marion Snell?" Taylor-Stoudamire: "Absolutely not." She adds she would have never invested if she knew this info.
Bank statement from June 30, 2007 shows a 100k payment to a Marion Snell, Donald Watkins Sr.'s girlfriend. The statement shows that the 100k was paid after Taylor-Stoudamire's $1 million wire transfer came in. Before the wire transfer, there were insufficient funds.
Taylor-Stoudamire says that Watkins Sr. never told her that her investment would be used to pay off personal debts.
The $1 million wire transfer from the Stoudamires to Watkins Pencor was received in June of 2007.
Donald Watkins Jr. sent a follow-up email saying they had not received the million dollar wire transfer about a week later.
An email displayed in court shows that Donald Watkins Jr. emailed Taylor-Stoudamire the purchasing agreement and wire transfer instructions after she and her husband invested in Masada.
Taylor-Stoudamire says Donald Watkins Sr. was well known in the community and was in pursuit of purchasing sports teams such as the Rams which is why she was interested in arresting.
Natasha Taylor-Stoudamire has taken the witness stand. Her husband is Damon Stoudamire, retired NBA player and current head coach at the University of Pacific.
We're back here for day 5 of the #WatkinsFraudTrial. I'll be live tweeting all day from inside the courtroom.
RT @AustinKellerman: Tornado death confirmed as violent storms smack the South. Text from @AP, video from @cbs_42’s @RobertShermanTV https:…
RT @GriffinHardyWX: Columbus, MS has taken a direct hit from a tornado.		Everyone at WCBI had to seek shelter &amp; was knocked off-air, but ev…
https://t.co/3jbo5mYfBL		“It seems life the further and further you go, the worse and worse it gets,” says David Sanders, a Columbus resident.
Lots of damage here in Columbus, MS. The National Weather Service says they will be investigating the magnitude of tonight’s storm sometime Sunday. https://t.co/qKVZnOJsEL
Pulling into Columbus, MS. Will have two live reports at 10 on @cbs_42
We are on our way to Columbus, Mississippi now. Stay with us for updates on the damage. https://t.co/ovpuEHdDrb
Two of the Walker County residents currently taking shelter here at the McCollum Volunteer FD tell me that they’ve lived through tornadoes before and have no intention of rolling the dice tonight. https://t.co/EzQko4X9c2
We are here at the McCollum volunteer Fire Department Storm Shelter where some residents seeking shelter are starting to trickle in. https://t.co/ZhwIZ2TaUC
Just spoke with Regina Myers, Director of the Walker County EMA. She says that they are absolutely inundated with phone calls and has 2 storm shelters confirmed open: McCollum and Sipsey
We’ve got the CBS 42 Storm Team Weather Alert Unit here just outside the Walker County Courthouse. https://t.co/4AKjlCljrC
RT @JackRoyer: WOW: look at this funnel cloud in Walker County from @whittyworld15. #alwx @CBS_42 https://t.co/G0HNa7uqfP
RT @JackRoyer: A better look at the funnel cloud near Smith Lake in Walker County #alwx @CBS_42 		From Christopher Allen https://t.co/53EIy…
Here’s a look at our radar. Right now we’re in Jasper waiting on that green wall to our west. https://t.co/ZpOuy4fkk1
We’ve set up shop in Jasper. Our current view from the CBS 42 Storm Tracker. Clouds overhead look ominous https://t.co/4gyOp38vYR
RT @scottericday: Storm over Jasper looking toward Smith Lake @spann @thelakesidelife @jillgilardi @simpsonwhnt @jpdice_Fox6 https://t.co/U…
With a tornado warning issued for the area near Smith Lake, I’m in the CBS 42 Storm Tracker heading there now. https://t.co/5564vi2PDn
RT @GriffinHardyWX: Tornado Warning for Winston County (near Smith Lake) until 3:45 PM. Tune into CBS 42 for wall-to-wall coverage. #alwx h…
Trial is in recess and is expected to resume Monday morning. I'll have a full recap of today on the @CBS_42 website this evening.
Daniel Meachum has been called to testify.
Watkins Jr's cross-examination has concluded. Re-direct from prosecution.
Judge Bowdre has been taking exception with some of Watkins Jr's questions, saying at one point he has moved far away from the "traditional question and answer format" and "you cannot testify yourself" during cross-examination.
Guthrie says that Barkley was his boss. If Barkley said to do something, he did it.
As a complete aside to the trial, attendance in this courtroom has grown. I'm counting 32 spectators here today. Yesterday there were no more than 15 (also by my count).
Watkins Sr. concludes cross-examinations. Watkins Jr. will now cross-examine Guthrie.
Watkins Sr. and Guthrie have been going back and forth. Guthrie says that he's tired of going over the same things "over and over" again with Watkins Sr. Judge Bowdre has been trying to keep Watkins Sr. on track and keep his arguments within the scope of the legal arguments made.
Guthrie makes an outburst to the Judge saying Watkins Sr. is insulting his integrity and "insinuating that I haven't done my job."
Guthrie to Watkins Sr. "You had a great persona of being an NFL owner, and Charles believed it. I did too."
Watkins Sr. shows through court submitted evidence that he sold 5% of his interest in Nabirn Energy Services. Says Barkley still owns that asset today.
Guthrie: "Wherever you son (Donald Jr.) told me to send the money, I sent it."
Guthrie: "All I remember is sending you [Watkins Sr.] $6.15 million over 7 years that Charles [Barkley] never received any return on."
Guthrie says to Watkins Sr. "You went around me and didn't consult me when you when did business." Guthrie says that Barkley would just tell him to wire the money.
Guthrie says he retired as Barkley's adviser in 2015
Watkins Sr. will now cross-examine Guthrie.
3/3 Guthrie says that none of those expenses were listed in the email sent to Barkley asking for $150,000.
2/3 "Pay 2k more on my Visa and pay a one month 2500 retainer for Jessica so that she can pay her personal bills. Leave rest in my account for payroll."
(1/3) An email from Donald Watkins Sr. to Donald Watkins Jr. on the same day reads: "If Charles [Barkley] comes through, please pay your AmEx (79k), Jessica’s AmEx (40,750.23) and my AmEx (10k).
Email submitted as evidence from May 24, 2013 from Donald Watkins Sr. says he has been traveling overseas to look after investments but incurred more expenses that he thought. Asked Barkley for 150k to cover expenses through June 1, 2013.
Trial is back in session
Currently in recess for lunch and will be back at 12:45
(3/3) Guthrie says that if Barkley knew his money was being used to pay off Watkins Sr's debts, he believes Barkley would have never invested.
(2/3) Watkins Jr. includes a list of expenses that he labeled as a “priority” including 40k for 2009 Georgia income taxes and 90k for past due bills, loan payments and alimony.
(1/3) An email from Donald Watkins Jr. to Donald Watkins Sr. with the subject line “Idea for Money” says that “You need to consider going back to Barkley for $1 million loan/investment. I hate to go there but I don’t think we have any more options.”
We're now talking about Watkins Sr's credit ratings and debts. Guthrie says that if he had known about them, he would have stepped in and tried to convince Barkley not to invest because of his fiduciary responsibility.
Email sent from Watkins Sr. to Barkley on May 13, 2011 asks for another $1 million loan that will be repaid "when the Waste Management deal closes." Included would be a "friendship kicker" of 100k.
Also on May 14th, a Balance of Donald Watkins Sr's account shows that Watkins' held a debit of $750,000.
A letter sent by Donald Watkins Sr. on May 8th, 2010 mentions a potential opportunity to partner with business leaders like Mexico's Carlos Slim. Email says that he needs $1 million by May 14th -- 6 days later. Documents show that Barkley sent the money on May 14th.
@MitchNark @sixers Yes we are
Last wire transfer Barkley made to Donald Watkins Sr was May 28th, 2013 in the amount of $150,000
Documents show that when Barkley transferred $1 million to Watkins Sr's account in April of 2012, Watkins Sr. had a balance -2,100 dollars
Maturity date listen in the promissory note says that the maturity date of the deal was May 14th, 2011. Guthrie says that's when the money was due to be paid to Barkley Enterprises. "No funds were received from Donald Watkins."
Guthrie says that Barkley wanted him to "butt out" of the investment and not dive into Watkins Sr.'s financial paperwork.
Guthrie states in his testimony that, after making 8 separate investments totaling $6.15 million on behalf of Barkley, no returns have been received on any of those investments.
Document submitted into evidence shows that $6.15 million was invested by Barkley into Masada from 2007-2013. Some investments are listed as "loans," some are listed as "Economic Interest." All eight investments are described as "Wire" transfers.
Guthrie says he has not spent much time in NJ. His offices have always been in Birmingham.
Guthrie explains Barkley wired the money because Watkins Sr. was a friend. It was something he wanted to do, no questions asked.
Guthrie: "Charles called one morning and said 'hey I need you to do something." He proceeded to tell me that he wanted me [Guthrie] to wire Donald Watkins $1 million." Guthrie says money was wired to Watkins Sr., Watkins Jr. gave him the wiring instructions.
Now we're talking about Barkley Enterprises. Guthrie says Barkley is sole owner, and investments that when in there came from his work with TV. Nothing from his NBA days.
Guthrie: "I bought some stocks and bonds for Barkley. And when Charles puts trust in you...he wanted you to do it all. He expected you to do it all."
Guthrie: "I was not just his financial adviser. I oversaw both his personal and financial affairs."
Guthrie worked at the firm Raymond James
Glenn Guthrie, who was Charles Barkley's financial adviser, has now taken the stand.
Recess now until 10:35
No cross-examination from Watkins Jr.
Marcus re-affirms that every sender and recipient MUST have been in New Jersey for the emails to not cross state lines. Marcus says he cannot determine with absolute certainty if the senders were all in NJ, but he acknowledges that it is statistically unlikely that all were there
Prosecutor Kyle Hankey back up for redirect and questioning Marcus.
Watkins Sr.: "Is it your testimony that you cannot say for fact that you cannot say for certain that these emails traveled across state lines." Marcus says he is not certain these emails traveled across state lines.
Watkins Sr. Cross-examining. He's asking Marcus if he could tell for sure where the sender was at the time each email submitted to evidence was sent. Marcus is answering "no" to each.
Marcus says that with the server based in New Jersey there's only one way emails could not cross state lines: If all recipients and senders are in NJ at the time the email was sent, received, and read.
Marcus: "Absolutely not" when asked if they have any hosting servers in Georgia or Alabama.
https://t.co/ANZUO2cAEF was also hosted in New Jersey, according to Marcus.
Marcus: "That account was absolutely hosted in New Jersey."
Marcus: "The domain of https://t.co/5C7DyukNfJ was pointed towards our west coast server which is a proxy. Once it was received there, it would then travel to New Jersey where the data center for this mailbox resided.”
No major development with this new witness. Right now we're just going over how a cloud service works. Marcus says that he can see what emails pass through their server: "How they traversed, where they came from, where they went."
New Witness: Eric Marcus, Production Systems administrator at Intermedia -- a cloud service. Marcus says he manages the "health" of the system.
I’m back here at the Hugo L. Black United States Courthouse for day four of the #WatkinsFraudTrial https://t.co/DKzgRIMHrV
Trial is in recess, expected to resume tomorrow
Rush: "We were not moving forward with the Masada opportunity."
Rush: "We didn't care about anything outside our traditional business."
Rush says that he helped evaluate smaller companies.
Rush served as the Senior Vice President of Organic Growth at Waste Management.
Carl Rush worked at Waste Management from 2001-2012.
Cross-examination of Barnes has concluded. Carl Rush is the latest witness to take the stand.
Email from Watkins: "We expect the total value of the WM deal to be in the range of $2-$5 billion." Barnes says no deal was coming together to his knowledge, let alone one of this size.
Email sent by Watkins claims that the Waste Management deal would be proceeding forward on "three fronts." Barnes says that if a deal was proceeding forward, he would know about it, but he says this deal was not progressing to his knowledge.
Another email from Watkins Sr. says that "business alliance talks with Waste Management have begun in earnest." Barnes says that no such talks were under way.
Watkins sent an email stating that acquaintances working on behalf of Masada were in direct talks with the CEO and CFO of Waste Management. Barnes says he has no knowledge of this.
Barnes says there was a "hope" they could meet with Waste Management and other companies, but no deal was set in stone.
Watkins Sr. sent an email saying that Waste Management would try to acquire all of Masada's assets.
Charles Barkley has been mentioned in an email sent by Watkins Sr. Mentions Barkley Enterprises and Ben Barnes Group engaging in a joint venture. Barnes says he never entered into an agreement like this.
Barnes says that discussions with WM had not begun, they were not with the highest levels of the corporations, and there was no interest in buying IP rights. At that time in 2011, Barnes says he did not have a joint venture with Masada.
An email from April of 2011 sent from Watkins Sr. claims that Barnes has "already begun" his discussions with Waste Management at the highest levels, and believes that Waste Management will attempt to acquire Masada's IP rights.
Barnes says that in one of his early discussions with Watkins Sr, he thought that Waste Management could be a potential prospects in terms of companies to work with.
Barnes describes Tom Fatjo, with Waste Corporation of America, was brought into talk but was candid that he did not think his company was big enough to meet the demands of Masada.
Barnes is discussing Waste Corporation of America, a garbage company. He says it's similar to Waste Management in its purposes, but he estimates Waste Management is "significantly larger." Estimates 10 times larger that Waste Corporation of America.
Barnes testified that the purpose of his efforts were to connect Mr. Watkins to potential investors.
Barnes said he too went into talks with Masada about a partnership in some capacity.
New witness called by prosecution is Ben Barnes with Ben Barnes Group.
Early lunch recess at the Watkins trial today. Will be back at 12:40
Rodriguez says he has "never met, seen, or talked with Donald Watkins Jr."
Rodriguez says that "If you (Watkins) were for real, and your company were for real," he would have accepted a finder's fee or brokerage arrangement for helping set Masada up with foreign contacts.
Watkins asks Rodriguez if his company is in business still which he said no. Watkins then asked, "Do you know if Masada is still in business," to which Rodriguez quipped, "I don't know and I don't care."
"Do you consider a brokered arrangement a partnership?" asks Watkins. Rodriguez says no. Rodriguez adds that he never contacted his contacts overseas.
Rodriguez says that he and Rosenbloom stepped away from investing in Masada. "Once that obstacle was removed, you were interested in helping Masada?" asked Watkins Sr during cross-examination.
Rodriguez sent Watkins Sr. an email sharing "good news" with Watkins Sr. about waste management projects in Morocco.
Rodriguez in an email said to Watkins Sr: "Thank you for the opportunity of the lifetime." Rodriguez explains that he had never gotten into this industry before and wanted to feel out and see who Watkins was as a person.
Donald Watkins Sr. will now cross-examine Rodriguez.
Rodriguez says "He is trying to drop every name to get investors to invest." and "We made it very clear we were not interested in investing."
Email from Watkins, asking rhetorically: "Why is Chip Rosenbloom, after consulting with JP Morgan, trying to aggressively partner with Masada." Rodriguez calls these "lies" and says there is no basis to say Rosenbloom is trying to partner with Masada.
Rodriguez: "After all of this stuff, it seemed like it was all smoke and mirrors." That's why Rodriguez says he did not want to be involved.
Email from Rosenbloom to Watkins Sr. recommends a finders fee for Lupe -- introducing foreign contacts to Masada. Email also says that Lupe "has concerns about being a part of this joint venture."
In response to last last email, Rodriguez said in his testimony: "I don't know how he got this mixed up. When we said no, we meant no. Not close."
Email sent to investors by Donald Watkins Sr says "we should have Rodriguez/Rosenbloom agreement finalized soon." Email requests about $5 million extra to expand investments into other countries.
Email from Chip Rosenbloom says that he was so tied up with the Rams that he would be unable "to take on new projects with Masada," and suggested maybe Rodriguez could help introduce Watkins to some contacts in Mexico and Morocco. Rodriguez: "this was a long shot"
Rodriguez says there was no pressing need to fund anything. Email from Watkins asks for $1 million. Rodriguez says there was no urgent need for that email to be sent to investors.
Another email sent by Watkins says that Masada hoped to expand operations to a basket of different countries. Watkins Sr. sent an email to investors asking whether or not to commit funds in order to make this leap.
Prosecutor: "Did you ever tell Mr. Watkins that you could secure a partnership with Carlos Slim?"		Rodriguez: "I would never do that because I don't know the man. I have never met the man personally. Why would I put myself in a position to lie?"
Same email mentions Carlos Slim as someone they could potentially partner with. Rodriguez said he had a mutual friend of Slim, but never said anything about securing a partnership.
"He is using our family name and this is bogus," says Rodriguez.
Email from Donald Watkins Sr: "We have an immediate opportunity to partner with Chip Rosenbloom and his family (owners of the St. Louis Rams) who can secure long-term waste management contracts for Masada in Morocco." 		Rodriguez: "That is not a true statement."
Lupe Rodriguez says that he has never met Donald Watkins Jr.
Clarification: Rodriguez is the ex-brother in law of Chip Rosenbloom.
Rodriguez says that Watkins Sr. asked him to invest in and become a part of Masada. 2010 email submitted to the court as evidence shows he declined.
Lupe Rodriguez, whose brother-in-law is Chip Rosenbloom, has taken the stand now. He is discussing Watkins Sr's effort to pursue purchasing the then St. Louis Rams.
Back here for Day 3 of the Watkins trial. I'll be live tweeting from inside the courtroom all day.
RT @ReshadHudson: JUST IN: @BradleyByrne announces he plans to seek the Republican nomination for the US senate seat, currently held by @Se…
Watkins trial will resume tomorrow morning.
https://t.co/xrGo4LiikL		Three household names took the stand Wednesday to testify in the fraud trial of Donald Watkins Sr. and Donald Watkins Jr: former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, former NFL linebacker and Auburn alum Takeo Spikes, and Martin Luther King III.
Email from Watkins says he needed MLK III to meet with President Obama on behalf of Masada at Camp David. MLK III never said he was against doing this, but he wanted more information.
King says that he does not recall ever agreeing to join Watkins' team or call President Obama directly (Who King is a friend/close acquaintance of) to convince the then President of the United States to work with Masada.
Judge Bowdre says to disregard this statement^
Martin Luther King III is the latest witness called to the stand.
Spikes slams Watkins: “Donald Watkins you are an embarrassment to your colleagues and your benefits. I think you are a menace to society. You are a detriment to your family. Not only are you a disgrace to America but you are a disgrace to Black America.”
Spikes asks to make a statement. Watkins objects. Prosecutor steps in and says “I have another question! Mr. Spikes, is there a question you wish I had asked?” Spikes responds “what do I think of Mr. Watkins?”
Spikes says he was interested in Masada and growing the company, not paying over $200k in back taxes for Watkins.
Spikes says he's invested $1 million and received "nothing" in return.
Prosecutor: "Did your financial adviser tell you that Donald Watkins Sr. told him that he could spend the money on whatever he wanted?" Spikes: "No"
Spikes: "I invested because of what Donald Watkins St. told me."
Re-direct from prosecutors
Watkins concludes cross-examination. Watkins Jr. will now cross-examine Spikes.
Spikes: "I don't recall receiving anything from you that says I am a shareholder."
We have resumed
Another quick recess. Back at 2:30
Spikes claims that Watkins "always made an excuse" when he tried to coordinate a time to review financial records.
Spikes with a soft-spoken outburst: "You're trying to act like you've been transparent but you haven't."
Watkins is asking Spikes if he wired money to Masada or Watkins.
Watkins has brought up the St. Louis Rams. Spikes says that Watkins' interest in pursuing the purchase of the team was not a "huge" factor in his decision to invest more monies.
Spikes admits he never had issues getting in touch with Watkins and that information was not ever "off-limits."
RT @Chris_Renkel: UPDATE: Sources - AAF players still waiting to be paid for first two weeks of play.  Iron GM says league is not in financ…
Watkins: "Has somebody told you that you do not own what you bought from me in January of 2007?" Spikes: "No." Watkins: "Has any financial adviser told you what you bought from me in 2007 is worthless?" Spikes: "No."
RT @CBS_42: Watkins Jr. and Watkins Sr. are representing each other in the trial. Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice was the first…
Currently in a recess. Resuming at 1:15
Watkins will now cross-examine Spikes.
Spikes: "I thought Donald Watkins was a friend."	Prosecutor: "Did you trust him?"	Spikes: "I trusted him enough to give him my money."		No further questions from prosecutors.
Audio recording of Watkins says he claimed Masada was worth "a couple billion dollars." Spikes says that Watkins had claimed this several times.
Recording of Watkins says Charles Barkley is one if his investors and friends.
Spikes says that he was told in 2013 that, after investing, he DID NOT have any stock in Watkins' company. Spikes claims this is not what he was told when he first invested.
Video of Watkins shows him claiming investors were investing in and "riding with" him. "They would get a piece of whatever I got."
Spikes, upon watching the video, is lost for words. This is the first time that he has seen this video of Watkins. "It shows that he's been lying...it's disturbing."
Video shows Watkins saying investors were investing in him as an individual, not the company.
Prosecutor just played a clip where Watkins says investors money WOULD NOT be used for Masada purposes. Spikes says that he WAS told his money would be used for Masada purposes.
Spikes says that Watkins claimed he and other investors would be able to purchase St. Louis Rams. If Watkins had told Spikes that he had issues paying off credit card debt, "I would have known he was lying," says Spikes. "You can't spend what you don't have."
Prosecutor: "When you invested with Mr. Watkins in 2009, did you have any idea he had issues with paying credit cards?" Spikes: "Not at all."
Spikes says that he invested a total of $1 million and Rice's potential involvement with Masada played a large role in that.
Spikes says that Watkins never admitted to having back taxes. Spikes says that he would have never invested if he had known that. "I'm not investing into your personal needs."
Rice has concluded her testimony. Now it's former Auburn Football player Takeo Spikes.
From previous testimony: "Has Condoleezza Rice ever been affiliated or associated with Masada?" Watkins testimony: "yes...she was interested." Later, Watkins' testimony reads: "She agreed to work with us as an adviser."
We are currently in recess...trial expected to resume soon
Rice says that nobody ever mention Watkins Jr's name to her at any point.
Donald Watkins Jr. will now be cross-examining Rice.
"The decision [to not partner] was based on other opportunities [Regents for example]." In terms of the Rams, Rice said that she felt she had to consult with legal advisers and financial advisers which she had not done so. That's why she decided to go in a different direction.
Rice says she did not question whether Watkins had any relationship with Martin Luther King III at the time of their talks.
Rice says the "last straw" that broke any hope of her partnership was the Rams agreement -- she said that "Masada was linked to the Rams in a way that made me feel uncomfortable."
Rice: "In most of my engagements, I'm not into having somebody supervise me. I haven't had a boss in some time." Rice in response to Watkins asking if she understood that he would be her direct supervisor.
Rice says that during the recruiting process, Watkins was not soliciting money from her.
Rice: "A number of opportunities came along and it was becoming more unlikely that Masada would be one of them but I kept it in the running." She elaborates that at that moment, she did not outright say she was no longer interested.
Rice testified that after leaving her role with the State Dept, Watkins tried to recruit her to his team. Rice says she never issued a press release saying she would join his team, and never consented to a press release being sent out.
Condoleezza Rice is testifying now in the Donald Watkins trial. With Watkins representing himself, he's cross-examining Rice personally.
Here's an update to watch for tomorrow #AlabamaPolitics https://t.co/wcH6Eg1bEy
“There are two very energetic forms of populism in the U.S. right now, one on the left and one on the right, and neither likes Amazon that much,” said Brayden King, professor of management at Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management.		https://t.co/smRtFhKAuh
RT @Jim_Jordan: Of course it’s a national emergency.		-Largest fentanyl bust in history, enough to kill 57 million Americans	-The caravans…
RT @KamalaHarris: We should do something about the actual emergencies that plague our nation — like climate change or health care access —…
RT @jchaltiwanger: INBOX: Pelosi and Schumer release joint statement condemning Trump's national emergency declaration. https://t.co/QnViqQ…
RT @Jordanfabian: And there it is 		TRUMP: “I am going to be signing a national emergency”
RT @markknoller: New Attorney General William Barr among officials in the Rose Garden for Pres Trump's border funding statement. https://t.…
Congressman Mo Brooks (AL-05) just released a statement praising @realDonaldTrump emergency declaration. ”By any rational standard, a national emergency exists at America’s porous southern border.”
RT @JackRoyer: The House has voted to pass a spending bill 300-128. 		@RepTerriSewell voted yes.	@USRepGaryPalmer, @BradleyByrne, @RepMoBro…
RT @BillHemmer: REPORTS:  Amazon is OUT of NYC.
RT @JackRoyer: WASHINGTON (AP) - White House confirms Trump to sign bill averting shutdown, take 'executive action' in effort to keep borde…
https://t.co/SWQ2mJMhac		"This entire thing is geared towards trying to usurp my authority and my position," contends former Fairfield Mayor Ed May. "President Penny wants to be mayor. Bad. He salivates for it almost like an animal coming upon unsuspecting prey."
Wow! The City of Fairfield wasted no time removing former Mayor Edward May’s photo from the wall of elected officials. https://t.co/Jr3JMJsfbz
Here is a photo of Fairfield City Council President Eddie Penny being sworn in as Mayor last night. https://t.co/NmVQ3vOFYu
Fairfield Mayor Edward May II confirms to me that he was ousted from office by the City Council for missing too many city council meeting. May contends that the statutes say he is not obligated to attend and will fight this in court.
@natertater_29 Gas tax is what everyone is talking about. Some are asking for a lottery to generate the revenue since Alabama is one of the few states that does not have one.
https://t.co/2JHIYnzDOS		The Walker County Sheriff's Office tells CBS 42 that a Nauvoo couple, charged with one count of animal cruelty to a horse, could face up to 27 more counts -- one for each of the dogs retrieved from their home in January.
https://t.co/xidbTbzoEC		The scars of wear and tear are evident on many roadways in Central Alabama, and state legislators are considering raising the gas tax to fund bridge and road repairs.
With the 2019 Alabama legislative session just around the corner, one of the issues that is expected to come up is a proposed gas tax increase to fund repairs for bridges and roads. Would you be in favor of a gas tax increase for this purpose?
(2/2) They say that they want infrastructure improvements, but a gas tax increase should be the last resort. If the gas tax has to go up, they want another tax to go down.
(1/2) Spoke with the Alabama Policy Institute today regarding Alabama’s gas tax which might be increased this upcoming legislative session to fund infrastructure improvements.
"At least one Democrat in the Legislature, state Delegate Patrick Hope, said he would introduce articles of impeachment on Monday if Mr. Fairfax hasn’t resigned by then."		Wow.		https://t.co/cfN4kqZ4xr
https://t.co/HyjgwutATv		Jefferson County will assume the cost of infrastructure maintenance for Valley Road, Aaron Aranov Drive, and Rutledge Drive in Fairfield. This move comes after a through-road agreement was struck between the City and County Thursday morning.
@oldbowhunter45 @CBS_42 One parent I spoke to says that her daughter loves hiking, camping, shooting and being outdoors. She was a girl scout, but she said they did not really offer that to the extent she was looking for but the Boy Scouts were. Check out my full story here: https://t.co/0rL48gNUSI
@LeLarBear @CBS_42 Parent organization is still Boy Scouts of America. Scouts BSA is the subsidiary age 11-17 program. Asking if they should on principle, not if they legally can.
https://t.co/0rL48gNUSI		The Boy Scouts of America welcomed the establishment of Troop 86 in Vulcan and Troop 219 in Helena on February 1st. But these two troops are different -- no boys, all girls. The first two of their kind in Central Alabama.
Do you think the Boy Scouts of America should allow all-girl troops to form?
The Boy Scouts of America have allowed the first two all-girl troops to form in Central Alabama, creating a debate in the community. Hear both sides of the argument coming up at 10pm CT. https://t.co/8in1z9dkR8
Officials have told some protestors to leave for trespassing. https://t.co/ruXELmuVyG
@NCforBAMA @CBS_42 All they told me was EJ went back and drew his weapon because he could not find his friend and tried to protect him. That comes from Attorney Ben Crump.
A protest is starting to take form outside of Hoover City Hall. Protestors have organized after Attorney General Steve Marshall’s report was released stating that the officer who shot and killed EJ Bradford acted justifiably. https://t.co/T2GxXqZN8Z
Press conference with Ben Crump, the attorney of EJ Bradford’s family, just came to a close. I asked if he was shocked by the conclusion of AG Steve Marshall’s report, saying the shooting was justified. Crump said no, they believe this is a cover up and expected it to happen. https://t.co/MGfaKZJKOM
Read the full Riverchase Galleria shooting report from AG Steve Marshall here: https://t.co/28Pg2GL5lh
BREAKING: Alabama AG Steve Marshall releases report on Galleria shooting. Conclusion reads in part, "[the officer] reasonably exercised his official duties, powers, or functions when he shot E.J. Bradford on the night of November 22, 2018"
https://t.co/lOPFb4ZDLv		You can catch President Trump's State of the Union address Tuesday at 8:00 pm CT on @CBS_42 .
The new season starts now. Happy Sunday! https://t.co/AML7ScVDrc
https://t.co/DeQg0Xop6R		"[Now you can receive] care that you can get in nationally known centers around the country right here in Birmingham," says Dr. Ronson, the Chief of Staff at Brookwood Baptist Medical Center.
Brookwood Baptist Medical Center is lit up in red for #HeartMonth https://t.co/WJkl6kEIpO
“It’s really given us the capability to be at the forefront of what we do.”		Doctors say the “hybrid operating room” at Brookwood Baptist Medical Center allows them to do complex x-rays, arteriograms, and surgeries all in the same room. 		Catch my full story tonight at 5 and 6pm. https://t.co/ll9DFhTRRq
RT @thehill: "One way or another, this president and this administration is going to secure our southern border for the sake of the America…
@CBSNews reports that U.S. Customs and Border Protection officials claim they captured nearly 254 million pounds of the deadly drug. https://t.co/U54udaRAwB
(2/2) I just spoke with @jimpagejr — CEO of the Chamber of Commerce of West Alabama. He says that he supports @WaltMaddox vision and progressive policy, especially in the midst of the digital era, but he still wants to examine all pros/cons of the proposal before endorsing.
(1/2) @WaltMaddox proposed a 1-cent sales tax increase for the City of Tuscaloosa on Tuesday to help fund the “Elevate Tuscaloosa” projects.
https://t.co/gPWPpbvmep		The City of Hoover says if this proposed plan comes to fruition, they estimate up to 8,000 drivers a day could be re-directed off of Highway 280. 		Fingers crossed 🤞
Uh-oh! The drone is coming out for tonight’s live shot #StandClear https://t.co/5kVwuT9BJC
Highway 280 is notorious for being a busy roadway, but the City of Hoover tells me that they have proposed the building of an additional road that runs parallel to 280 as a part of their 20-year plan. That’s my story tonight at 6pm. https://t.co/RUnnHXXJzv
https://t.co/FuC6GQjEgE		@Cliff_Sims, the former CEO of Yellowhammer News and Special Assistant to @POTUS, was invited onto @colbertlateshow Monday evening to discuss his new book, Team of Vipers.
Coming up at 5 and 6pm tonight, I'll be breaking @Cliff_Sims appearance on @StephenAtHome and what he says is included in his new book, "Team of Vipers."
Per the Chief Operating Officer of the Trump Campaign, a lawsuit could be coming down the pipeline. As @realDonaldTrump alleged in one of his earlier tweets, Sims signed and violated a non-disclosure agreement. https://t.co/E0Cuvbq1UC
Did you catch Cliff Sims, former aide to President Trump, on @StephenAtHome last night? What did you think of his appearance and what he had to say about @realDonaldTrump ? 		https://t.co/eFQQCu7CLh
RT @GriffinHardyWX: Not quite as much snow as forecasted, but we’re still on the ropes with a chance of ice on roads.		Atmosphere is in ful…
RT @GriffinHardyWX: Down to 34° in Bham.  Was 46° about 2 hours ago.  Temps falling quickly.  #alwx https://t.co/pnsRRKQD9u
RT @GriffinHardyWX: 6:10 AM: Snow is very quickly eroding away due to dry air. #alwx https://t.co/XAo2vjAAaT
I just spoke with Don Lupo, the City’s Operations Manager, who says that “it cannot be overstated how important it is for those who need it to come to Boutwell and get warm.” Lupo says that there will be food, beds, and security throughout the duration of the weather event. https://t.co/nJdwciHcEM
RT @BhamCitySchools: BCS Closing Due to Winter Weather.  All schools and BOE offices will be closed Tuesday, January 29, 2019.  https://t.c…
This is the Emergency Operations Center at the @EMAJeffCoAL — what one could describe as the “war room.” They plan to use this room starting tonight during the snow fall to gather the minds and decide how to allocate resources. https://t.co/3BMe44x6zX
Rick Journey, the Director of Communications for the City of Birmingham, tells me that Boutwell Auditorium will open at 8pm tonight as a warming station, NOT tomorrow morning. “It will remain open throughout the duration of the weather event.” https://t.co/efDyW7qA6Z
https://t.co/iy0v1u7Gqn		As of now, Davis has still not been brought into custody -- which makes some of the residents that live near the St. Clair Correction Facility a bit nervous.
ADOC says that they are working alongside state and local law enforcement, and the US Marshals Fugitive Task Force, to bring Davis into custody.
Those residents say that they just happened to find out about the escape through local news and social media.
One other point residents make is that, normally, the local law enforcement agencies notify the nearby residents of an inmate escape. 6 different residents say that they received no such warning from law enforcement.
Local residents tell me that they’re nervous that Davis, who was convicted for human trafficking in 2017, is on the loose.
https://t.co/quqnZPylSQ		Latest info we have on the search for Corey Davis who escaped from the St. Clair Correctional Facility on Wednesday according to ADOC.
ESCAPED INMATE: The Alabama Department of Corrections says that Corey Davis escaped from St. Clair Correctional Wednesday. 	“Davis was sentenced to life in 2017 for a human trafficking conviction in Lauderdale County.” https://t.co/hhbuhpp2FN
The Riverchase Career Connection Center will open in Hoover this August and give students hands-on experience in a variety of different areas such as culinary arts, cyber security, HVAC maintenance, and even firefighter training. That’s my story tonight at 6pm. https://t.co/Isg1vPwlQd
@JulissaAGarza Yes, I will take ANY vote I can get
Who wore it better?!? RT for @BretBaier favorite for Bret as well. https://t.co/VCUMFz0lSC
https://t.co/iFcLKtOjql		"She was not allowed to leave that residence," says Sgt. John Pennington with Crime Stoppers of Metro Alabama. "And a decision was clearly made that she had to die as well."		Call @CSMetroAL if you have any info on this case.
https://t.co/Jqj97PUwqc		"You can see the devastation in their faces and the uncertainty, because they don't know what they're going to do or where they're going to go," says Matt Smith, the Vice President of the organization Hatching Hope.
Just crossed the bridge into Wetumpka. Here you see the damage left behind by last night’s EF-2 tornado. https://t.co/ujQhE3t86F
One man tells me that he and many others took shelter in this Walmart last night. “Every bone in my body was shaking,” he says. https://t.co/WagdUsgjoE
Sheriffs say we will not be able to cross the river into town until 4:30. But dozens have stopped by the waterfront and on the side of the highway to take this all in. “Our town will never be the same again” one man told me. https://t.co/oKSvsj8FuD
The elevated view of the damage from last night’s tornado in Wetumpka. Just wow. Heading into the city now. https://t.co/F6MHI0vgy4
Wow! The wind is really picking up — just look at the traffic lights. https://t.co/vFFzvR1cRz
https://t.co/CRqKDg37Lw		A lot can happen this weekend when it comes to the weather. Here's what you need to know.
Here at Ridout’s Trussville Chapel. From noon to 6pm today, visitation for Sgt. Wytasha Carter, the Birmingham Police Officer killed in the line of duty, will be held. Stay with CBS 42 for full coverage of today’s visitation service. https://t.co/AiEOuvSmbD
https://t.co/44rlEqxmLx		@randallwoodfin has already helped convince the fast food chain @CookOut to come to Birmingham, and now he's setting his sights on a grocery store chain...all through Twitter.
@randallwoodfin “I am willing to wade through many ‘nos’ for that one ‘yes’”
@randallwoodfin says he plans to talk to as many CEOs as possible to bring grocery stores to the “food deserts” in Birmingham — his tweet at @kroger is all a part of his strategy, he says.
@randallwoodfin addressing the @rotaractbham this afternoon. Tells those gathered that the Police officer injured Sunday morning is still hospitalized but “continuing his fight.”
In response to @randallwoodfin tweets, we're trying to find out what businesses Birmingham residents would like to see set up shop in the Magic City. Tweet me your thoughts! https://t.co/T8gXyBMNDS
Could Kroger be next? https://t.co/XhcP5IJi5j
Looks like @CookOut is coming to Birmingham! https://t.co/0Ezq4vhER4
We’re back at the scene where Birmingham Police say Sgt. Wytasha Carter was killed and another officer was injured by gunfire. A former Police Officer just stopped by and hung up a wreath. https://t.co/PTD2ExS2eL
https://t.co/Rk9Qz2hjjE		Moody Police tell me that roughly 12 cars were broken into and several firearms were stolen.
Moody Police tell me that there were a dozen or so cars broken into Thursday morning. What was taken? Bags, laptops...and “several” firearms.
https://t.co/Qz344S2t2W		Three firearms, one of which was stolen, and a variety of drugs were confiscated from 18-year-old Kamau Diandi Greene when he was arrested, officials say.
https://t.co/COjiJniCqi		Sgt. John Pennington with Crime Stoppers of Metro Alabama tells me that they believe the suspects are responsible for two different attempts. Both occurred at different Regions Bank branches and both were caught on camera.
RT @CSMetroAL: Thank you for your support in 2018! You made a difference in your community. https://t.co/9aAQmdeAT3
https://t.co/sTmTMpb3c5		"We're always interested in making sure we have the best programs and the best opportunities for our students," says Dr. Kathy Murphy, the superintendent at Hoover City Schools. "And with all of that comes a price tag."
Speaker Pelosi standing firm https://t.co/bWHbqNibzf
RT @SimoneEli_TV: TONIGHT AT 10:30 PM: What did Hunter Renfrow lie about? A @CBS_42 Sports Investigation you don't want to miss! Looking fo…
@JackRoyer Try driving to work while blasting “Highway Tune” and “Safari Song.” Will change your life.
https://t.co/0cP98KzXGP		Some Homewood residents are not happy about a proposed development that could add condos to the area between Courtney Dr. and Firefighter Ln. on Huntington Rd. But developers claim that all concerns have been met.
https://t.co/Fdcib3UWVG		Staff at Cooter Brown's Rib Shack say that 25-50 students and staff from the nearby Homeland Security Center for Domestic Preparedness (CPD) comes by for lunch three times a week. 		But due to the government shutdown, the CPD is temporarily closed.
https://t.co/8zK7OdnguH		"In the first part of December, we would go 2-3 days without mail," explains Chad Sizemore, a local resident. "Then it became 4-5. Now, we have not gotten mail since the day after Christmas."
Got to end 2018 with an unbelievable assignment in Miami. Here’s to 2019. Happy New Year, everyone! https://t.co/nm2MB8YLu8
Orange Bowl post game press conferences about to begin following Alabama’s 45-31 win over Oklahoma. https://t.co/Qsjvxj7NXl
https://t.co/s5QB9S0e10		Some of the fans we met haven't missed a game in 35 years!
BIG Orange Bowl guy https://t.co/NxUJRcXdrd
It’s game day, Alabama! Kickoff for the 2018 Orange Bowl is tonight at 8pm ET https://t.co/tjka3UTHdr
https://t.co/uB3VCzcAga		Both Alabama and Oklahoma fans "politely" disagree on who will win the 2018 Capital One Orange Bowl.
Peacocks on my morning drive. #Florida https://t.co/MTwouXYgyi
A very special thank you to @thatguyymiguel for taking the time to sit down and chat with me about this heartwarming story. 		https://t.co/Wyzpuc0NiN
https://t.co/Wyzpuc0NiN		"I’ve been watching them for years and now I get an opportunity to see them in person," says Linda Vine. "It just made my heart go pitter patter, that’s all. I’m still crying about it, it’s awesome."
Walking around Fort Lauderdale, it's quite clear...many of the locals will be chanting "Boomer Sooner" this weekend. 		https://t.co/qayZXCYwEe
@thatguyymiguel LOVE your video about surprising your Grandma with tickets to the Orange Bowl. When are you guys coming to the game? Would love to interview you two and do a story on it for the CBS affiliate in Birmingham.
Greetings from Ft. Lauderdale! @Chris_Renkel, @ChrisBreece and I will have coverage all week long as @AlabamaFTBL and @OU_Football prepare to square off in the @OrangeBowl Saturday night. https://t.co/uFyoWiTRKs
@MitchNark Madam Secretary
@JackRoyer @OrangeBowl @CBS_42 NEVER. SMILE.
Ron and I heading to Miami to cover the @OrangeBowl for @CBS_42 https://t.co/9LJbvOP2NW
https://t.co/bBsiY2Sy2v		"It's very simply what we're called to do," explains James Poe, the kitchen supervisor. "It may be the Jimmie Hale mission but this is our mission. This is what God has called us to do."
RT @thehill: Ruth Bader Ginsburg back working after surgery to remove cancerous growths from lung https://t.co/qEi0TzjbpR https://t.co/aRyh…
Got to help out the morning news team today. Ignore the bags under my eyes. @ Birmingham-Shuttlesworth International Airport https://t.co/qBSFaYKBwu
https://t.co/cNXiTeY0Wy		I’ll be sharing what steps the airport is taking tonight at 6pm on @CBS_42
From speaking with travelers at @BHMAirport morale does seem to be high as passengers have been moving expediently through security
Administrators at @BHMAirport tell me that air travel is up at the airport by 11% in 2018 and by 9% in December.
https://t.co/JbXCDw6Z3D		Eight years ago, Amanda Farmer-Moseley and her family were questioning if they could afford to exchange Christmas gifts. But, a family of good Samaritans stepped in to help. Since that act of kindness, Amanda and her family have been paying it forward.
Perhaps the single most heartwarming story I've had the pleasure to work on. This family defines "the season of giving." See how they're helping bring Christmas to those in need tonight at 10. https://t.co/ldlUN6vk2Q
RT @realDonaldTrump: We have defeated ISIS in Syria, my only reason for being there during the Trump Presidency.
https://t.co/no8vCNxnxH		"I'm a third generation Blazer," explains Logan McLendon, a Junior at UAB. "So coming out to a place like Iron City and finally seeing the whole city rally around Birmingham's team UAB...it just means the world to me."
RT @TheNVIndy: BREAKING: Nevada will become the first state to have a majority female Legislature:	https://t.co/b50uHFkNbJ	#nvleg
The Blazer faithful taking in the program’s first bowl win at Iron City, the site of the official UAB watch party. UAB tops Northern Illinois 37-13 in the Boca Raton Bowl. https://t.co/Ye0TBtJcBT
The official UAB Football watch party is taking place right now at Iron City. https://t.co/5MQauwKSTd
A special thank you to @BillHemmer for taking the time to chat with me today and for giving me some advice on how to develop as a journalist.
@MitchNark @CBS_42 Brooks Brothers
It was fun spending this past week home in #TheLand, but now it’s time to head down south. Back on the @CBS_42 airwaves tomorrow. https://t.co/xSPbcQqf22
RT @espn: For the first time since 1990, the Browns beat the Broncos! https://t.co/bvGMhgubVg
Nice seeing fellow @UnivSchool alum @ChrisRose cover the @Browns game tonight for @nflnetwork #PrepperPride
The latest statement from the City of Hoover reads in part:		“Some of these protests have taken an unsafe turn and violent or otherwise dangerous actions that have the potential to threaten or injure our residents and visitors will not be allowed.” https://t.co/Qq3sNAehlk
https://t.co/9Nf3ioF6IB		“We’ve got this stuff going on in this community that’s killing our children every day. And I’m crying out to this community,” says Apostle Stephen. “We need to stop this violence in our own community. We need to stop the bleeding in our own community."
Birmingham Police tell me that to date there have been 92 homicides this year — the exact same number of homicides through December 6th last year. Hear what activists in the community and law enforcement agencies are doing to combat gun violence tonight at 6. https://t.co/le7equAWFr
Police say that yesterday, a shooting took place here at Sweet Daddy’s on Richard Arrington Jr. Blvd. A press conference will take place at noon discussing violence in Birmingham where we’re expected to hear pleas for the violence to stop. https://t.co/aUs1Sw86A2
I’ll be breaking down the whole preliminary anatomical review regarding the shooting death of EJ Bradford Jr coming up at 6pm on @CBS_42 https://t.co/XcKaBoEjqu
Anthony Thomas, uncle of EJ Bradford Jr: “You coward. You shot my nephew in the back three times. In the back!”
EJ Bradford Sr. to the officer (unnamed) that shot his son: “you are a coward.” Also says “you have destroyed my family.” https://t.co/Q7aEf1bMmg
“The Cause of Death is Gunshot Wound of the Head. Manner of Death is Homicide.” https://t.co/4IdTtvjp2D
Bradford also suffered a laceration on the right side of his head from falling forward after being shot, Crump says.
“All three of these were kill shots.” https://t.co/UrZ26PKIKf
#BREAKING: After Hoover city leaders said they would release some of the limited information they have regarding the Riverchase Galleria shooting, they now say that will not. ALEA has asked them to hold off per the city’s statement.
Attorney Ben Crump going over the preliminary anatomical review. 3 gunshot wounds: head, neck, and back. Crump says all three gunshots entered from the backside which Crump says suggests that Bradford was moving in the opposite direction of the officer. https://t.co/GQLnbN9dQv
Attorney Ben Crump says that since Thanksgiving, the family of EJ Bradford Jr has been seeking the truth and the whole truth.
Attorney Ben Crump: “What I’m about to show you is very graphic and devastating to this family.”
Rev. Jesse Jackson: “All we want is one set of rules.”
Rev. Jesse Jackson opening this press conference up with prayer. https://t.co/wodJuZLmiA
The family of EJ Bradford and their attorney, Ben Crump, are about to hold a press conference here at Rock City Church. The purpose is “to discuss the results of an independent medical review commissioned by the family of Emantic ‘EJ’ Bradford Jr.” per the firm’s press release. https://t.co/eAIb3jKLxZ
Woah.		 https://t.co/LNVBGnIz3W
RT @algore: Here is my statement on the passing of President George H.W. Bush. https://t.co/kGlxGrBsOB https://t.co/rv1MPufx2G
RT @BarackObama: America has lost a patriot and humble servant in George Herbert Walker Bush. While our hearts are heavy today, they are al…
RT @realDonaldTrump: President George H.W. Bush led a long, successful and beautiful life.  Whenever I was with him I saw his absolute joy…
RT @JebBush: I already miss the greatest human being that I will ever know. Love you Dad!
RT @jgm41: Statement by the Office of George H. W. Bush on the passing of the 41st President of the United States of America this evening a…
RT @willainsworthAL: Kendall, our children, and I join our fellow Alabamians in mourning the passing of President George H.W. Bush.  From h…
RT @jessalynadamstv: Rev. Jesse Jackson arrived to deliver the eulogy at #EmanticBradfordjr Homegoing Celebration 	Watch live @CBS_42 app h…
Wow. George H.W. Bush, 41st President of the United States, is dead at age 94. https://t.co/LY1cCealEz
Carlos Chaverst tells me that there will be 2 protests tonight. One at Councilor Derrick Murphy’s house, the other at Mayor Frank Brocato’s house. 7pm — all subject to change.
Carlos Chaverst and Le’Darrius Hilliard, president and vice-president of the Justice League respectively, announced that they will be holding a press conference at the Hoover Municipal Complex at 1pm. We are standing by. https://t.co/4DpFrmFpuw
Here’s what Hwy 280 looks like right now. @BhamPolice say that it’s extra congested due to holliday shoppers. Just saw an accident in this area yesterday. https://t.co/p0aKMDmtZd
https://t.co/CHtaX7NfNc		"Pack your patience, that’s the main thing. Pack a car full of patience," says Sgt. Johnny Williams with @BhamPolice. "Leave early. Take your time getting there. Also, a little courtesy goes a long way."
Awwwwwwww https://t.co/y9QOMDzv19
Latest update from Carlos Chaverst on the protests tonight https://t.co/VBaYeG0YQn
RT @CamEdgeworth: Community activists Carlos Chaverst says they will come in peace during protest, but that could change if met with resist…
Carlos Chaverst and Ladarius Hilliard, two of the organizers of last night’s protest, just arrived at Hoover City Hall.
New agenda for today’s Hoover City Council meeting. @CamEdgeworth is inside with coverage for @CBS_42 https://t.co/rGxdSS0S5A
All is quiet outside of Hoover City Hall right now. The parking lot has been closed off and several police cars and officers are monitoring the lot now. We’ve been told there could be another protest here at 12:15pm https://t.co/e57eQhAy4o
Crowd says they are prepared to go to jail and are about to “take over the freeway” near City Hall
Crowd chanting outside Hoover City Hall. https://t.co/DbHsOSnWwi
HAPPENING NOW: A protest is starting to take form outside of Hoover City Hall. https://t.co/2vSiDtg1g2
In case you missed it, here are the official talking points from Hoover Mayor Frank Brocato’s press conference. https://t.co/IS5ZQFmVY3
Mayor Frank Brocato: “There is not a lot we can say since the investigation is no longer in our hands.” Mayor Brocato also expressed sympathies to the family and believes that the truth “will be firmly established.” https://t.co/X330NICCwk
Hoover Mayor Frank Brocato will be taking the podium in just a few minutes. https://t.co/4igeEPCVdU
RT @JackRoyer: Frank Brocato (@hoovermayor) will be holding a press conference at 5pm. I'm told he will be reading a prepared statement, an…
We just received a call from Hoover City Council President Gene Smith. Mayor Frank Brocato will be holding a press conference at 5pm at the Hoover Senior Center. We will be there with live coverage of the event.
Just stopped by the management office at the Riverchase Galleria. Per GM Mike White, at this time, the Galleria is not issuing any statements regarding the shooting that took place here on Thanksgiving. https://t.co/rANDJFGOhc
Latest statement from @HooverPD and @CityofHoover “We are deeply and sincerely sympathetic to Mr. Bradford’s grieving family and all those affected by this incident. We all want answers and we believe with patience and focus, the truth will be firmly established.” https://t.co/8zIg31Oc1R
Statement from Hoover City Councilor Derrick Murphy on the Riverchase Galleria shooting https://t.co/MjlzVf7QVC
The joint statement from Hoover PD and the City of Hoover reads in part: 		"We can say with certainty Mr. Bradford brandished a gun during the seconds following the gunshots, which instantly heightened the sense of threat to approaching police officers..." https://t.co/9JeFBYiaxK
Official joint statement released by the City of Hoover and the Hoover Police Department regarding the death of Emantic Bradford Jr. https://t.co/ysbt9UC0Li
Full press conference from the family of Emantic Bradford JR. https://t.co/4KjB2j5CYm
Family has called for the resignation of Frank Brocato (Mayor of Hoover) and other members of Hoover law enforcement. Family also demands transparency — all videos they say must be released.
The family of Emantic Bradford Jr. is about to speak at Kelly Ingram Park here in Birmingham. This statement comes in the wake of Bradford’s death at the Riverchase Galleria shooting. https://t.co/q7MVVA13Ox
Never a more real tweet https://t.co/RZwcOH8hTZ
@UMichFootball has the #1 defense in the country and gives up 60+ points in regulation. Tough day to be a fan.
Official statement from Hoover PD on the shooting at the Riverchase Galleria last night https://t.co/N9vOoW4qTb
@JackRoyer @ChrisBreece @SarahCantey @CBS_42 HAH
https://t.co/8tExfGtZqE		Poverty and hunger are prevalent issues during the Thanksgiving season, but several organizations in Central Alabama are stepping up to help those in need.
The Community Food Bank of Central Alabama tells me that that they will serve between 60,000 and 80,000 Alabamians during the month of November. But, hunger is not just an issue around the holidays. That’s my story tonight at 6. https://t.co/DmJgEM9voh
https://t.co/t7ZbuZw38z		"Even before we owned it and after we owned it, this became our family home for all of our Thanksgiving gatherings and our Christmas gatherings," explains Mayor Cooper.
Assistant Fire Chief Hooten tells me that they are very interested in learning what exactly that boom was.
One neighbor I spoke with today says they heard a loud “boom” and when they ran outside, they saw the house on fire
The house that Mayor Cooper’s family worked in as servants many years ago has been turned to this charred rubble. Hear what Mayor Cooper has to say tonight at 5 and 6. https://t.co/PZ8Ahl6byD
We first reported that the home belonging to Brighton Mayor Eddie Cooper went up in flames on Saturday. Two days later, it’s still smoking. https://t.co/wVZiKbVnwB
If Cindy Hyde-Smith (R) defeats Mike Espy (D) in the Mississippi Special Election runoff, Republicans will be looking at 53 seats in the US Senate.
The big flips for Republicans in the Senate: Missouri (Hawley), Florida (Scott), Indiana (Braun), North Dakota (Cramer).		The big flips for Democrats in the Senate: Arizona (Sinema), Nevada (Rosen).		Now, the last race we are waiting on is Mississippi's special election (runoff)
And the recount appears to be over. Rick Scott (R) has defeated incumbent Bill Nelson (D) in the Florida Senate race. https://t.co/WmwDUJAPUF
Scene clearing. Highway 280 eastbound now open. Westbound still closed for now. https://t.co/iIVbyW18TN
Here at mile marker 38 on Highway 280 where there’s a big wreck. Several miles of the toad are completely closed down. We’re told a woman and an infant are dead and a truck driver has been sent to the hospital via a helicopter. https://t.co/LMgM3S6Iem
https://t.co/s088EvW5Un		The National Weather Service tells me that the snow on the ground Thursday morning was one of the top five earliest snowfalls in Central Alabama since 1913.
@shinypennyface Hi Nicole. I'm a reporter with CBS 42. May I use this photo if I give you a courtesy?
It is colder here than it is back home in Cleveland. Wow. https://t.co/9EMOPk6ykr
@MarpheenChann Wow. The only time I have visited Portland was in January. COLD!
Birmingham Mayor @randallwoodfin weighing in on the deaths of two children this week: 		“There are no words to express the overwhelming grief a community endures when it loses one of its youngest and most vulnerable."
https://t.co/AA3JPfY1D2		"He would have you laughing. You would say 'Junior, you're an old man in  a little boy's body," says Gilliam. "Because that's the way he was. He  understood. He was very smart."
Sgt. Johnny Williams with @BhamPolice tells me that, in regards to the death of 2-year-old Ke'Anthony Jelks, this is an ongoing "unclassified death investigation" and no suspects are in custody. We'll provide you with updates as new information is released.
Live reports coming up at 5 and 6 with the latest info on the 2 year old child that died this morning from what family says was self-inflicted gunfire.
Police have not confirmed specific details. What we know from them is a 2 year old child is dead and a gun is involved. Family tells us this was self-inflicted and accidental.
The child’s Grandmother just told me “this was self-inflicted” https://t.co/HqgfaYh8vS
https://t.co/DJDrIfDWm5		"It's cold out here. It's freezing. And she had on nothing but a pair of underwear," explains Whitt. "And just the look in her eyes, she was scared."
https://t.co/LyWA4YlsYU		"Mr. Gip would give you the shirt off of his back, all you had to do was ask him," says Diane Guyton, a Gip's Place employee "He'd have let you play them. Just ask! Why? Why would you do this to a 98-year-old man. That's all he's got left!"
https://t.co/LyWA4YlsYU		Henry "Mr. Gip" Gipson, founder of Gip's Place in Bessemer, is missing his red Les Paul and off-white Stratocaster says the Gip's Place team. They say the guitars went missing after a show earlier this month. 		Full story tonight at 5 and 6pm on @CBS_42
Outside of Gip’s Place now. Will try and speak with the folks there for more info on the missing guitars. https://t.co/o9GkIpVlpF
The folks at Gip's Place tell CBS 42 that two of Henry "Mr. Gip" Gipson's guitars have gone missing after a show this past Saturday. One is a red Les Paul and the other is an off-white Stratocaster. If you have any information, please contact Diane Guyton at Gip's Place. https://t.co/IU5jqs5iX5
RT @kylegriffin1: Andrew Gillum: "Let me say clearly: I am replacing my words of concession with an uncompromised, and unapologetic call th…
RT @ScottWalker: Thank you for the honor of serving as your governor for two terms. We’ve come a long way together and I know that Wisconsi…
RT @LASDHQ: Below is a Map of all Zones under mandatory evacuation in Topanga Canyon Area https://t.co/RRUcw8FhL3
Just wow. https://t.co/K7acNApSvn
RT @ErinOBrienFOX47: Cheering on the @DePauwU tigers in the #mononbell125 game... with a homemade GCCB! Only @DePauw_Alumni will understand…
RT @Bill_ESPN: I'll be watching from Seattle this year, but nothing like seeing a Monon Bell game in person! Go Tigers! https://t.co/eyM66s…
Heck of an effort today by @DePauwAthletics @DePauwTigersFB in the Monon Bell Classic. Lots of adversity throughout the year and still battled to the very end against a very good Wabash team. Nothing to be ashamed of. Proud to root for a team with so much heart.
https://t.co/Kmwlex8rH8		"I think what we've found is the best use for that property," says Gene Smith, President of the Hoover City Council.
RT @MarcACaputo: 🚨 Florida Governor’s race for the FIRST TIME is heading to a recount		DeSantis 49.62%	Gillum: 49.15%		Margin: 0.47%		That’…
https://t.co/LK2ZaAQ1Ow		“To me, I think it’s completely and totally ridiculous that people have to fear for their lives when they go into a bar," says Chris Brown, the General Manager of Jack Brown's Beer and Burger Joint in Lakeview.
Jack Brown’s Beer and Burger Joint in Lakeview says they have security daily — bouncers and off-duty Police https://t.co/fGSE7HEDJP
In light of the shooting in California, we’re taking a look at bar/club/restaurant security in Lakeview today. Many of these establishments have security and agree that what happen in California could happen anywhere. https://t.co/J0T2p7Vmni
RT @katiegilhooly: #BREAKING: According to @CBSLA 13 dead in bar shooting in #California including one Ventura Co. Sheriff’s Deputy and the…
RT @CBSThisMorning: 29-year veteran Sergeant Ron Helus died at the hospital following the mass shooting at a California bar.		He was among…
RT @SenWarren: Late last night, at least 12 people died in a mass shooting in a California bar – including a police officer. My heart goes…
RT @realDonaldTrump: I have been fully briefed on the terrible shooting in California. Law Enforcement and First Responders, together with…
Flags flying at half-staff in Alabama today due to the shooting at a California bar that left 13 dead. https://t.co/4mHGz4ESyx
https://t.co/Q8ntXehHcK		"Issue like The 10 Commandments and abortion are really not decided by Alabama legislators," explains @SteveFlowersAL . "There are what I call 'feel good' or 'get re-elected amendments. They're put on the ballot just to get Republicans re-elected."
Full Jeff Sessions resignation letter. https://t.co/CnELrZW7Bw
At 6, I'll have amendments 3 (U. of Alabama Board of Trustees) and 4 (Special elections).
Tonight I'm breaking down all four of the amendments passed in yesterday's election. at 5pm, I'm tackling amendments 1 (10 commandments in public schools) and 2 (rights of unborn children i.e. abortion).
Is this an official foreshadow? Only time will tell. https://t.co/zRQxdQIILS
#BREAKING: President Trump has just announced that US Attorney General Jeff Sessions is stepping down. CBS News reports that he has resigned effective immediately. https://t.co/uaaYE0K04U
RT @WaltMaddox: Words cannot express my appreciation to each of you who have made this journey possible. Thank you for the time you investe…
@RosenforNevada defeats incumbent Dean Heller in Nevada. This was the lone Senate seat where a Republican incumbent was running in a state that Hillary Clinton won in 2016. The Democrats capitalized on this opportunity, but had rough nights in ND, IN, and MO. https://t.co/6UZ8GjmHeD
RT @GovernorKayIvey: Alabama, I’m beyond grateful for your steadfast support &amp; am humbled to serve as your 54th Governor! Together, with yo…
Still waiting on several tightly contested Senate races -- Arizona, Montana, and Florida are still "too close to call" though Republicans have a slim lead in all three. In a night where GOP lost control of the House and some Governor's mansions, they could pick up 4 Senate seats.
The best night of the year. @ CBS 42 https://t.co/tYTJuz9D5T
Rick Scott has declared victory. https://t.co/GuvmJIDv0w
#BREAKING: Josh Hawley (R) has unseated Claire McCaskill (D) and will represent Missouri in the US Senate. That now marks three Senate seat pickups for the GOP.
Martha McSally has a slight lead over Kyrsten Sinema with 57% reporting. No numbers on Dean Heller/Jacky Rosen in Nevada yet.
Mike DeWine wins the Governor's mansion in Ohio, besting Richard Cordray.
Rick Scott still holding a tight lead over Bill Nelson right now. Not being called yet.
#BREAKING: Andrew Gillum has just conceded the Florida Governor's race to Ron DeSantis.
Several Governors races have been called:		COLORADO -- Jared Polis (D)	OKLAHOMA -- Kevin Stitt (R)	NEBRASKA -- Pete Ricketss (R)	NEW YORK -- Andrew Cuomo (D)	TEXAS -- Greg Abbott (R)
#BREAKING: Democrats will take control of the US House of Representatives.
Mitt Romey has won his Senate race in Utah and is back in public service.
#BREAKING: Kevin Cramer (R) will top incumbent Heidi Heitkamp (D) for the US Senate Seat in North Dakota. This ensures that Republicans will hold the Senate.
Jennifer Wexton (D) will defeat Barbara Comstock (R) in VA-10. This is a race Democrats identified early on that they could potentially steal. They did just that.
#BREAKING: Joe Manchin (D) will defeat challenger Patrick Morrisey in West Virginia's Governor's race.
#BREAKING: Marsha Blackburn (R) will defeat Phil Bredesen (D). Bob Corker's old seat will remain in Republican hands.
#BREAKING: CBS News has projected that Mike Braun will defeat Joe Donnelly in Indiana. Republicans have flipped that seat.
Big batch of polls closing within 10 minutes. We're keeping our eye on Indiana. What kind of an impact will Libertarian candidate Lucy Brenton have on Mike Braun and Sen. Joe Donnelly's vote totals? We're about to find out.
MICHIGAN SENATE (2): Keep an eye on Wayne County (Detroit). Stabenow needs to win big here to offset Republican voters in the rest of the state. In 2012, Barack Obama won 80% of the vote in Wayne County. In 2016, Hillary Clinton only won 65%. Big swing.
MICHIGAN SENATE (1): Debbie Stabenow (D) seeks re-election to a 4th term against challenger John James (R). A month ago, this was a slam dunk in favor of Stabenow. Now, this race is considered a toss-up as John James has narrowed the gap. https://t.co/LKHtx9grrg
MISSOURI SENATE: Claire McCaskill (D) seeks re-election to a third term against challenger Josh Hawley (R). Sen. McCaskill released an ad saying she's "not one of those crazy democrats" as she attempts to distance herself from some of the truculent rhetoric seen in Washington. https://t.co/X6CHqQWoDk
NEVADA SENATE: Dean Heller (R) vs Jacky Rosen (D). Sen. Heller seeks re-election to a second term. 83% of the votes in this state come from Clark County (Las Vegas) and Washoe County (Reno). Reno swings, therefore voter turnout in that area could be what decides this race. https://t.co/NK9BRkoFuc
Kyrsten Sinema (D) and Martha McSally (R) are battling to represent Arizona in the US Senate. Aggregate polling gives McSally a 0.2% advantage -- this is razor thin as it gets. Sinema fighting to be the first Arizona Democrat to win a US Senate race since 1988 (Dennis DeConcini).
People are out and about exercising their constitutional right to vote here at Meadow Brook Baptist Church #ElectionDay https://t.co/s9kSi0JOz0
RT @jessalynadamstv: One person is dead and another left with life threatening injuries following a shooting in Birmingham.	Details @CBS_42…
RT @JackRoyer: Amendments are hard. 		So here’s a breakdown of what they mean. https://t.co/TZ6tB4lvCP
https://t.co/kTNUM8FgYT		"I was diagnosed at the age of six years old with type one diabetes," says Ben Harwell. "And what that is is I was rushed to the hospital because my pancreas kept fighting itself."
@JDRF hosting a walk in Birmingham today to raise money and cure Type 1 diabetes. https://t.co/UA746h5egc
“The people in this area do not have anything to be concerned about”
Police say they know who the suspect is but are not releasing his name until he is taken into custody.
Birmingham Police say they are still looking for the suspect
Birmingham Police say that they pursued a driver they believed to be under the influence. The man bailed out of the car and a foot chase ensued. Police say the suspect the. Circled back and hopped in a Police car. https://t.co/s51F0OPwMV
Officers just moved me back away from the scene. “The dogs are coming out” they said. https://t.co/pBWqBQnexL
@BhamPolice cars just wizzed by. Reports that someone hopped into a Police car and drove off. Heading there now https://t.co/L1GhO5l2kk
https://t.co/NNBCSapOTX		"That 30 seconds that they have to stop is so inconvenient to them that they would rather chance killing a child," says Rebecca Boothe, a parent of one of the children on the bus.
Alabaster Police also tells me that they are aware of the video showing a motorist drive past a stopped school bus on 1st Avenue West. They also say they will be keeping a closer eye on school buses going forward to help ensure this does not happen again.
The Alabaster Police Department gave me these photos to remind drivers what to do when a school bus is stopped with its lights on. https://t.co/7HsQ7neNc9
https://t.co/NNBCSapOTX		"My daughter was about to get off the bus when that car blew through, and the bus driver stopped her," explains Rebecca Boothe. "And so she stopped. But had she gotten off the bus she could have been hit. It's so terrifying."
This video has been making the rounds on social media. In the midst of a week that has seen several children around the country get hurt or worse while trying to board a school bus, this happened this morning. A parent and a bus driver agree that this has become a big problem. https://t.co/vmqPUANCkL
https://t.co/q0cjBW9Vu5		"Each time we have an occurrence like this with this amount of opioid hitting the street, there’s a chance for someone to be seriously hurt or worse. The sooner this person can be id'd, charged and gotten off the street, the better it is for the public."
EXCLUSIVE: Have you seen this man? @CSMetroAL says that he walked into a CVS in Center Point, handed a threatening note to a pharmacist, and made off with 1,000 opioid painkillers. https://t.co/cL95egzztr
Sgt. John Pennington with @CSMetroAL tells me that 1000 opioid painkillers were stolen from this CVS in Center Point. He says the suspect handed a threatening note to the pharmacist. We have exclusive security cam footage of the suspect that we will show you tonight at 5 and 6. https://t.co/RSeIM9psgd
https://t.co/bYJqFNr0Tm		"When I first heard about it, I thought that could have been us," says Dan Weinrib, President of Temple Beth-El in Birmingham.
Birmingham resident Jimmy Krell is originally from Squirrel Hill. In his  youth, he visited the Tree of Life Synagogue many times. Hear his  comments on the tragedy in Pittsburgh tonight at 5:30pm and 10:00pm on  CBS 42. https://t.co/EOZNG9Vd1k
Even though this tragedy happened hundreds of miles away from Birmingham, the effects are still being felt here. We will be speaking with three leaders in the Birmingham Jewish Community today. There is expected to be a vigil held early next week. Details still being finalized. https://t.co/UE94eqEOf4
Coming up at 5: It’s the eve of the Magic City Classic. Fans and vendors are already out and about. I’ll be giving you an inside look into the lead up to this greatly anticipated showdown. https://t.co/53Zki3PGzs
RT @CBS_42: WATCH: There is an apparent arrest in relation to the suspicious packages sent across the country. We are currently in the stat…
https://t.co/y58simuxex		Chelsea Middle School and Jinks Middle School had never heard of each other a month ago. Now, in the wake of Hurricane Michael, they are united by a three-word slogan: "Hornets Helping Hornets."
Coming up at 5: Jinks Middle School in Panama City is getting a helping hand from an unexpected source. Chelsea Middle has raised $1500 for a school they have zero connection to and for students that they’ve never met. https://t.co/lSvIGlwPhK
https://t.co/y58simuxex		Principal Smith at Jincks Middle School says that this unsolicited act of kindness by Chelsea Middle School has given his own community hope that they can overcome and rebuild post Hurricane Michael. Catch the full story at 5pm and 6pm tonight on CBS 42.
https://t.co/Xe8RE6vbCa		"He looked up and he saw a car airborne," explains Superintendent Chuck Marcum. "It hit more of the top of the bus and worked its way down. From the perspective of our players and coaches, if it had been a bit lower, it could have been more severe."
https://t.co/Or4bkfq9Mu		"It was just a silly argument. Tempers flared and they just couldn't control their emotions and this guy just pulled a gun out and started shooting," says Chief Investigator Randy Christian with the Jefferson County Sheriff's Office.
RT @JackRoyer: The @WaltMaddox campaign released emails they say were obtained through the Department of Archives, which they say shows @ka…
Chief Investigator Randy Christian on the shooting near Center Point Monday morning: "It seems like these days, so many people are so quick to settle an argument with gun play." https://t.co/2b7biOBRhO
Jefferson County Sheriff’s Office released a statement saying that they are conducting a homicide investigation at the 2100 Block of Whetstone Court near Center Point. Sheriffs tell us one man was shot and killed. https://t.co/WPwdVXfCk4
Officials say a fire broke out at the Alameda Terrace Apartments this morning around 6:30 am. Here is what remains. https://t.co/XZZkDqeHuC
https://t.co/yW10aIyepu		The proverbial gloves have come off as each candidate has taken shots at the other. With the midterm elections just weeks away, the central question remains: what kind of an impact will this back and forth have on the voters?
https://t.co/yW10aIyepu		@CBS_42 Political Analyst @SteveFlowersAL weighs in tonight at 10pm.
@WaltMaddox on the allegations made against @GovernorKayIvey regarding her 2015 hospitalization: "Let's make this absolutely clear. This has nothing to do with the Governor's health I take her at her word. This is about her covering up a situation that happened in 2015." https://t.co/g7KhOzqYdO
Caught up with @WaltMaddox today at the UAB tailgate. Catch my story on the Alabama Governor’s race tonight at 10. https://t.co/3JY8iZLqsV
https://t.co/RydCHhEu1Z		"I couldn't believe how much damage could be done in such a short amount of time," says Mike Howard, principal at Saint Clair County High School. "It’s a total loss."
One of the highlights of my time at @CBS_42 came yesterday when I was given the opportunity to go one-on-one with @RepTerriSewell  — clips from the interview will be posted in the next few days. https://t.co/QtY8GJUfVY
St. Clair County Principal Mike Howard tells me the financial loss is expected to be large. 3 home football games (includes parking and concession revenue), the concession stand itself, and the press box on top that controls stadium features such as the PA system and scoreboard.
Officials tell us that a fire broke out at the press box here at St. Clair County High School’s football stadium. The principal tells me “it’s a total loss.” https://t.co/wU9C80cUtG
https://t.co/RydCHhEu1Z		Catch my story tonight at 5 and 6pm Live from Saint Clair County High School's football stadium.
@GovernorKayIvey  “The Gov. and her Doctor have repeatedly disputed these lies and provided detailed accounts to back it up. As it relates to the officer, that's another Maddox whopper. News outlets reported last year that the officer actually received a promotion and raise"
@GovernorKayIvey responded to @WaltMaddox presser, in part calling him "a lying Liberal."
https://t.co/UxiIvaRk0K		@WaltMaddox held a press conference today regarding a media report that alleges Gov. Kay Ivey was rushed to the hospital suffering from symptoms of a stroke during a trip to Colorado Springs in 2015 and tried to cover it up.
@WaltMaddox has demanded that @GovernorKayIvey answer these seven questions regarding the recent allegations that she suffered “multiple mini strokes” and attempted to cover it up. Allegations come from a recent media report. Find out more at 6pm on @CBS_42 https://t.co/P4PYAZBDiK
@JoeSiegelman speaking to a group of students at Birmingham Southern today https://t.co/i7CdYU0Slt
https://t.co/fVH6d12sJU		This was a fun one to put together. Check out my latest story on my day at Talladega!
First time visiting/covering Talladega and it’s everything I could have imagined and more. Catch my story on the sights and sounds of Talladega tonight at 10pm. https://t.co/KYvbQgXafl
“So what did you do at work today?” https://t.co/oAzcw1L4Je
RT @TalladegaSuperS: HAPPY RACE DAY! 🙌☀️🏁		#1000Bulbs500 | #NASCARPlayoffs https://t.co/lutkZhyYSG
https://t.co/4RBhv6ibn3		Local residents have taken to social media. Some are understanding of the dues hike. Others, not so much.
RT @ReshadHudson: #BREAKING: President Trump approves Emergency Disaster Declaration for  the following Alabama counties: Dale, Geneva, Hen…
President Trump has approved federal assistance to parts of Alabama in the aftermath of Hurricane Michael. https://t.co/Slf3V3Bew0
https://t.co/GNBGLXp8OR		Seventy-six residents of the Mathison Retirement Community fled Panama City. From there, twenty went on together to Montgomery, and of those twenty, twelve came to Birmingham. It's been a long road for this group, both literally and figuratively.
RT @CBSNews: "Currently, there are no reports of major releases of oil and hazardous substances," says Reggie Cheatham of EPA. https://t.co…
Wow. Terrific news for the family. https://t.co/NRxiCL9xli
RT @CBSNews: WATCH NOW: North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper gives briefing in aftermath of Michael https://t.co/CowslQ9d6u https://t.co/2JlP…
Photos courtesy of Justin Rubin that illustrate the devastation in Florida. https://t.co/jfG7lTnAhe
https://t.co/meh9ftknnF		Included in my story is a full list of all the different items that can be donated to the Hurricane Michael recovery effort.
https://t.co/meh9ft2Mw7		A Moody resident is heading down to Florida with a trailer full of cleaning supplies, while the Oneonta Fire and Rescue Service and Oneonta Police Department are teaming up for a supply drive of their own. Catch the full story tonight at 10pm on @CBS_42
In terms of what to donate, @oneonta_pd and @FireOneonta are asking for cleaning supplies, toiletries, tools, and bottled water. No clothes or money/gift cards at this time they say.
@oneonta_pd and @FireOneonta are gearing up for their own #HurricaneMichael supply drive. They will be accepting donations until Monday at 5pm and will head down to Florida on Tuesday. https://t.co/fhnq3ElwKI
Hurricane Michael devastated the American southeast. One Moody resident, Justin Rubin, is taking it upon himself to assist in the relief effort. He’s collecting cleaning supplies and other goods to take down next Thursday. Catch my story tonight at 10pm for more. https://t.co/dcVI2cDW1z
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you to @FEMA and all First Responders! #HurricaneMichael https://t.co/vwN8BbrkkJ
Photo of @POTUS on the phone with @GovernorKayIvey — photo shared with us by @WhiteHouse https://t.co/5nNNyvKtFG
RT @JackRoyer: Michael showing us all how to cover a hurricane. Praying for all the people he's talking to, and everyone who's lost their h…
RT @SGB_AL: Anyone wishing to donate toiletries, wipes, bottled water or food let me know. We have a location in Cahaba Heights willing to…
If you wish to donate or volunteer, please contact Sarah Curatella with Somerby Senior Living. Her email address is scuratella@somerbyliving.com and her phone number is 256-648-6577
https://t.co/lwhwVe3MvB		Somerby Senior Living is asking for donations of toiletries, bottled water and food. They are also seeking volunteers to spend time with the temporarily displaced residents and for entertainers to perform for the group.
@peace_hon Call Somerby Senior Living
https://t.co/lwhwVe3MvB		Here is a preview of my story airing tonight at 5pm and 6pm. Residents of Somerby Senior Living have fled Florida  to seek refuge from Hurricane Michael, and they need supplies like bottled water, toiletries, and snacks.
Catch my story tonight at 5 and 6 on @CBS_42 — the displaced residents of Somerby Senior Living need food, water, and volunteers as they wait out #HurricaneMichael https://t.co/HOeGWECCVu
49 resident and 30 staffers from Somerby Senior Living in Santa Rosa have fled Florida and are staying in Birmingham until #Hurricane #Michael passes. I spoke with the executive director… https://t.co/yXRZaxaFkb
@POTUS has declared a state of emergency in Florida as Hurricane Michael creeps closer towards the Gulf Coast.
Stay safe, everyone. #Michael is expected to become a Category 4 hurricane by the time it makes landfall. https://t.co/HrINXueqSa
RT @CBS_42: More on Michael as the gulf coast prepares for its landfall. https://t.co/TO9vzzkwah
RT @CBS_42: Voters in two areas went to the polls today to cast their vote in runoff elections. https://t.co/b0ovZf6Fz7
RT @Chris_Renkel: Just two CLE boys #RallyTogether in the Magic City @Indians @RobertShermanTV https://t.co/gIoXOultfb
Defending #Believeland from The Magic City @ On Tap Sports Cafe' in Inverness https://t.co/txZTQO0QR2
https://t.co/m58r2EDzlM		A family at the scene told me that they were the ones who found the body. They claim it is their relative. Read the full story here.
Sgt. Johnny Williams with the Birmingham Police Department tells us that human remains were discovered in the wooded area near Hodges Cemetery in Dogtown. https://t.co/y4IzmH5ihK
https://t.co/m58r2EDzlM		UPDATE: The semi-decomposed remains were discovered by someone on an ATV in the woods, and that's when Birmingham Police and the Jefferson County Sheriff's Office was called out to the scene. Coroner is working on identifying the remains now
A family that believes the body found was their relative has arrived. https://t.co/tdFVtiYyUc
Birmingham Police say they’ve found a dead body near Hodges Cemetery in Dogtown. The road leading to the cemetery is closed — will speak with Sgt. Johnny Williams soon. https://t.co/v1a8rgsaEz
Local leaders weigh in on Justice Kavanaugh's confirmation. Hear from Sen. Doug Jones (D-AL), Sen. Richard Shelby (R-AL), Attorney General Steve Marshall, Attorney General candidate Joe Siegelman, and GOP Chairman Terry Lathan.  https://t.co/MGi56AKu2m
@ehughescolorado Nothing like a Great Gatsby quote to put a smile on my face
https://t.co/MGi56AKu2m		Preview of tonight's story -- hear what some of Alabama's leaders have to say in regards to Brett Kavanaugh's confirmation to the United States Supreme Court
RT @JackRoyer: Vice President Mike Pence reads the vote tally, announces confirmation of Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court…
Final vote of 50-48 in favor of confirmation. https://t.co/VmMnA0IG50
RT @CBSNews: BREAKING: Brett Kavanaugh has been confirmed to the Supreme Court by a 50-48 Senate vote https://t.co/vIJPQPoXqI https://t.co/…
RT @ReshadHudson: #BREAKING: The U.S. Senate, 50-48, has voted to confirm Brett Kavanaugh to be Associate Justice of the Supreme Court.
Wow https://t.co/UM8aZ54s58
Experts are saying that the GOP has the votes to confirm Kavanaugh today. Do you think the votes will hold? Or, is there more drama to come?
https://t.co/DcwJe8nwxz		Nikki Colburn told me that she was dragged across her own front lawn, was punched in the face and had her shirt torn during an attack. She spoke with me today and recounted the horrific ordeal.
https://t.co/GmBiVdJeUw		I spoke to the woman, Nikki Colburn, today. She tells me that during the attack she feared for her life but, by the grace of God and thanks to a pair of automobile headlights, she survived the ordeal. Hear her story tonight at 10pm.
I am circling back and looking into this story today. https://t.co/XHv7IbRUtG
#BREAKING: Sen. Susan Collins (R-ME) says she will also vote "yes" on Kavanaugh. https://t.co/GJaUMcYkE8
#BREAKING: Sen. Joe Manchin (D-WV) says he will vote in favor of confirming Kavanaugh. Here is his statement. https://t.co/S1bxsdRTEV
RT @JackRoyer: Today is the day that you remember that the word “cloture” is a word
Cloture passes 51-49. Now the Senate will debate and a final vote will be coming somewhat soon -- potentially within the next 30 hours. https://t.co/aUBkNWCj6G
RT @AL_Newswire: Alligator Spotted in Shelby County		"I’ll tell you, you see some strange things in Shelby County," says Captain Jay Fondre…
A gator was spotted this morning in Lay Lake, concerning local residents. Swipe for the outstanding cell phone video that shows the gator just off shore. Video is courtesy of… https://t.co/LLgFSAXtZF
Appreciate it, good sir! Thank you for your kind words. https://t.co/5i79Z5ysBX
https://t.co/F9AnPSCE1F		Local residents were shocked to find out that an alligator is calling Lay Lake home. Check out the stunning video here.
https://t.co/F9AnPSCE1F		An alligator has been spotted in Lay Lake! Catch my story tonight at 5pm and 6pm.
The family I just spoke with says that there are a lot of pets and small children that play in the water, so they want the aligator gone
A gator has been spotted in Lay Lake! Here is some video given to us by a viewer that was shot at 8am this morning. This video is courtesy of Carly Sewell. https://t.co/ExZOPQkcw8
RT @CBS_42: A woman whose home was destroyed by a fallen tree has also had her motorized scooter stolen. Robert Sherman spoke with her abou…
https://t.co/wgGiZAJRR8		Here is my story from this evening. Back in March, Marsha Matson of Leeds says she lost her home in a storm. But last month, she claims thieves broke into her storage shed and stole something essential to her day-to-day life: her mobility scooter.
Marsha Matson on what her mobility scooter means to her. https://t.co/re3r94oCg9
https://t.co/F8sqDcBHem		Here is a preview of my story airing tonight at 5 and 6pm CT. This woman needs help getting her mobility scooter back that she says was stolen last month.
This is the flyer that Marsha and her mom Judy have been hanging up around Leeds https://t.co/53EKlyOfo7
Marsha Matson’s home was destroyed back in March by to a tree. The few valuable she had left she kept in this shed, but thieves looted the shed last month. She has a message for thebthieves which you’ll hear tonight at 5 and 6. https://t.co/xYMOnx6TGD
Meet Marsha Matson of Leeds. Last month, thieves stole her motor scooter from this shed. Marsha has health complications and says when she walks too far she passes out. All she wants to do is take her grandkids to the zoo — but now, she can’t. Hear her story tonight at 5 and 6. https://t.co/izSiv6eBzf
A family in Leeds needs your help locating this mobility scooter. Owners say that their shed was looted in September just months after a tree demolished their home. https://t.co/hF9NLg6xwB
YIKES! We're hearing that a python is on the loose in Birmingham! Apparently, a man ran into the non-profit he works at and, when he came back out to his car, it had escaped through the passenger window. He says it is 2 feet long but is not dangerous/poisonous. Keep an eye out!
RT @willainsworthAL: Wow!!!! Incredible crowd at Etowah County @ALGOP meeting. Thanks for the invite @SenPhilWilliams and great to see @Gov…
RT @CBS_42: The father whose 2nd grader brought a gun to school has been charged https://t.co/00hRtObOtf
RT @CBS_42: More National Night Out. Now Cory McGinnis is in Center Point. Local law enforcement agencies are engaging with the community t…
RT @ReshadHudson: .@GovernorKayIvey speaking on whether or not she still supports Judge Kavanaugh, based on what she knows. https://t.co/4b…
RT @USAlumniAssoc: US hosted longtime rival WRA for a Varsity football game at the Shaker Campus last Saturday. It marked the renewal of on…
https://t.co/oHg8gulKtY		@BhamPolice told me that a suspected burglar was arrested at Huffman High School. This incident comes months after the tragic shooting that took place back in March. I spoke with two alumni who shared their thoughts with me.
An RV has flipped over on I-459 near exit 6 causing MAJOR delays https://t.co/gUjoNwl2iT
From Sgt. Johnny Williams with @BhamPolice “Officers caught a burglary suspect in the school. He was taken into custody without injury.” https://t.co/DAI9SWIo8Q
At Huffman High School today where there is a sizable Police presence. Trying to speak with Birmingham Police soon https://t.co/cXYedDWCzV
@ChrisBreece “Sherman can you help us shoot @UAB_FB tonight?” Me: “YES!” https://t.co/BsleyhVCc9
Parents say a school bus driver allegedly refused to let children off the bus because of some spilled snacks that weren’t cleaned up. One parent says her son was dropped off over a mile… https://t.co/eT9rWpOch5
RT @PressSec: Statement from President @realDonaldTrump:	“I’ve ordered the FBI to conduct a supplemental investigation to update Judge Kava…
RT @JackRoyer: After voting to move Kavanaugh to the Senate, Flake: "We can have a short pause and make sure the FBI can investigate... It…
https://t.co/3gNO5VW0Yi		Three sets of parents told me that they may never let their child take the bus to school ever again.
(2/2) Another mom said her son was dropped off a mile down the road from his normal bus stop. Tonight at 6, I'll tell you what one Birmingham School Board member had to say about the whole ordeal.
https://t.co/372bN4U21c		(1/2) An Oxmoor Valley bus driver allegedly refused to let children out of the bus because it was untidy. One mother I spoke with today said that her seizure prone child's life was put in danger because of this incident.
RT @JackRoyer: On Kavanaugh vote, @DougJones says “I will be voting no.” https://t.co/lEwQdAWozk
Part 2 of statement from Alabama GOP:		"After siding against Alabamians and President Trump, Senator Jones is now firmly in the Schumer/Feinstein/Warren/Sanders column. With his experience as an attorney, it is shocking that he is willing to betray the right of due process.”
Statement from Alabama GOP: 		"Senator Doug Jones has now said he will vote NO on the confirmation of Judge Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court. His NO vote betrays our state and his actions highlight his disingenuous promise to represent the majority of Alabamians."
#BREAKING: Sen. Flake is a “yes” https://t.co/1tckwz9Xr0
@DougJones tweets that he will not vote in favor of confirming Kavanaugh https://t.co/5MJnQtBxve
RT @CBS_42: BREAKING: Judge Abdul Kallon sentences former Alabama Rep. Oliver Robinson to 33 months in prison.
Robinson's report date will be 8 weeks from today -- 2pm on November 27th.
Robinson must also pay special assessment fee of $700 -- $100 for each count
Court ordering Robinson to pay $169,151 in restitution.
BREAKING: Judge Abdul Kallon sentences former Alabama Rep. Oliver Robinson to 33 months in prison.
Judge Kallon: Unfortuantely for Mr. Robinson, this court must factor in the circumstances of the crimes
Prosecutor affirms that he believes a fair sentence is 33 months.
Prosecutor says he wants to send a message that cooperation will be rewarded.
Prosecutor: "It was his co-conspirators that led him down this path. As the court witnessed, Oliver Robinson testified truthfully at trial compared to at least one of his co-conspirators who did not.”
Prosecutor: “Every prosecutorial instinct I had said that I should really sock it to him with making my recommendation. But he is the only elected official who has humbly and truthfully accepted responsibility for his crimes."
Prosecutor is now addressing the court.
Oliver Robinson has concluded his statement
Oliver Robinson: "I look forward to continuing the path towards redemption with every step I take for the rest of my life."
"[Since 2016] there has not been one day, not one, that has not been difficult for me to get out of bed in the morning. Not one day that it hasn’t been difficult for me to eat. Not one day that it hasn’t been difficult for me to look myself in the mirror.”
Robinson: "My life has been about helping everyone. But in this case, I have failed."
Oliver Robinson: "Let me begin by apologizing to the court and to the government for causing this hearing today. Let me also apologize to my family, friends, church members, UAB family...and more importantly, the residents of North Birmingham."
Jaffe has concluded his statements. Oliver Robinson will now address the courtroom.
Jaffe: "What more can a man suffer than knowing he has betrayed the ones that he loves."
Jaffe read a quote that said: "[Robinson] has shone a light onto a very dark corner of Alabama politics."
Jaffe: "There is all types of cooperation and all types of cooperators. But I'm not sure if I have ever seen the quality and extent of this type of cooperation along with the deep sense of remorse and repentance [that Robinson provided]."
Jaffe: "Oliver realizes that his inexcusable betrayal is something that he will live with for the rest of his life."
Jaffe: "Oliver Robinson's credible testimony was a major factor and force in the way this trial went and the government achieved [victory in the Gilbert/Roberson trials].
Jaffe: "He got a little full of himself which allowed him to take a left turn, when he should have been on a straight path."
Jaffe says that Robinson was a model citizen before "he took the wrong turn." Says Robinson is ashamed and has a difficult time facing the public, but he has wholeheartedly cooperated to this point.
Jaffe: "We are here to achieve a defense that is sufficient but not more than necessary."
Dr. Sutton: "It is my firm conviction, with all of my heart, does not just have worldly remorse that he has been caught. He is broken and contrite with a sincerity that I can clearly read."
Dr. Sutton also hosts a weekly bible study. After hearing of what "sins" Robinson had committed, Sutton invited Robinson.
Defense has now called Dr. Frank Sutton, the UAB Basketball team's physician when Robinson was on the team.
Braden: "I believe Oliver to be remorseful. I don't have a lot of facts about his case. I'm just here because I believe him."
Braden: "I watched Oliver grow up from a high school senior to a man."
Defense has called Daryl Braden of Memphis, TN to the stand.
Attorney says that restitution in this case is over $169,000. Attorney says Robinson has brought a check made out to the clerk of this denomination today.
"It would have been easier to run from the allegations...it takes a special person to own his misconduct."
Attorney says Robinson helped root out the corruption he was a part of.
"Oliver did not run from the allegations or bury himself from denial. No, Oliver began to cry and decided he would face these allegations head on. Fully accepting responsibility for his actions head on."
"It takes a special person to be in the position that Oliver Robinson is in." Says that it takes a lot for a former athlete, politician, and business man to admit to wrongdoing and face the truth like he is now.
"Oliver captured the hearts of people in the state of Alabama."
"Oliver came back to Birmingham and became a businessman." Mentioned how he gave back to the community by teaching individuals financial literacy.
One of Robinson's Attorneys: "We are here today because of Oliver Robinson. Oliver Robinson has been a beloved public figure for over 30 years. He was able to accomplish what most could only dream of doing with a basketball."
Video is highlights of Robinson playing basketball at UAB. "We had the stuff in Birmingham that could make championships," Robinson says in the video.
Richard Jaffe is representing Robinson today. Robinson's defense team is playing a 45 second video in an effort to urge the court towards leniency.
Judge Kallon: "The court will likely grant the motion"
Prosecution is seeking 33 to 41 months of prison time for Robinson
Judge Kallon now reminding Robinson that the plea deal/recommendations from the prosecutor are not binding.
Sentencing hearing is now under way
Every seat in courtroom 4A at the Hugo L. Black US Courthouse is filled. Many close to Robinson have come out to attend this hearing.
Oliver Robinson and his legal team have arrived and are here inside the courtroom. Sentencing hearing is about to begin within the next few minutes. Judge Abdul Kallon is presiding.
Prosecutors and defense attorneys are starting to arrive. Oliver Robinson said he would speak to us after the sentencing today.
Here at the Hugo L. Black United States Courthouse awaiting the arrival of former AL State Rep. Oliver Robinson. Robinson pleaded guilty in September to conspiracy, bribery, wire fraud and tax evasion. Robinson will be sentenced today around 1:30pm. https://t.co/lb3nOr6cpX
Flooding over by the CVS at Western Hills Mall https://t.co/h5SmSG8aRp
https://t.co/rZr07q9J0m		It was a real pleasure to meet some of the Eden Westside Baptist Church members tonight. Leaders and public servants from 11 cities came together tonight so that the community could pray for their safety and clear judgement. Hundreds attended the event.
“You [elected officials] do so much for us. The least we can do for you is pray.” https://t.co/LGe1RBbG7l
Pray 18 is under way. Leaders from at least 11 Alabama Cities are here tonight. The community has come together to pray for elected officials and public servants — mayors, Police Officers, fire fighters, school superintendents etc. https://t.co/RJuD1rmeyv
God Bless America at “Pray 18” https://t.co/PGXrhz4xBo
Scene is clearing https://t.co/zHyJD5DxgY
BREAKING: Walker County Sheriffs Office responded to two deceased individuals, one male one female, under the exit 78 bridge on I-22. ALEA has taken over investigation. DA also on scene. They say an off duty fireman initially stumbled upon the scene. This is all the info we have. https://t.co/pvBoKKiWkN
BREAKING: Walker County Sheriffs Office responded to two deceased individuals, one male one female, under the exit 78 bridge on I-22. ALEA has taken over investigation. DA also on scene. They say an off duty fireman initially stumbled upon the scene. This is all the info we have.
Cullman Coubty Sheriffs Office tells me that one Deputy has been sent to the hospital. They said that during the manhunt, he was stung by bees/yellow jackets upwards of 20 times.
Here is 31 year old Joshua Finley. CCSO says he has been apprehended. Sheriff will meet with DA this afternoon to determine charges. Motive has not yet been established. https://t.co/z6s0XyFOj9
Joshua Finley, age 31, is the suspect who was arrested. “Once deputies laid hands on him, he quit any resistance.”
Lots of resources used: K-9, helicopter, Police, sheriffs.
Sheriff Gentry: “Started a manhunt looking for the suspect.” They did end up locating and apprehending the suspect.
Sheriff Gentry: Shooting incident took place at 6:30am. One victim.
Big story last night out of Blount County. Local residents are upset that prayers will no longer be read over the PA system before football games due to a complaint filed by the Freedom… https://t.co/JL6dey7bwH
Per the recent school board decision, attendees will be invited to join in a moment of silence instead of a prayer. One local pastor told me that, during the moment of silence, they are trying to get the whole crowd to recite "The Lord's Prayer."		https://t.co/KxRAYwsLH7
Former AL Gubernatorial candidate Stacy Jones gave me this letter today. According to 11th Circuit Court ruling in the case Adler v. Duval County, prayer is constitutional at a school graduation IF the prayer is led by a student without any influence from administrators. https://t.co/RQRFFSe2OY
Here are the T-shirts they are giving away at Turning Point United Methodist Church https://t.co/NXrcRbdXPy
Just spoke with the pastor here at Turning Point Methodist Church in Locust Fork. She says that they will be giving away T-shirts tonight at 5:30 to protest the decision to do away with prayers over the PA system at Blount County football games. https://t.co/IdpITzbjSx
I am following up on this story done by my colleague Michael Clark. Does anyone in Blount County have any thoughts on this, for or against? Send me a message or an email at rsherman@cbs42.com if you would like to weigh in		https://t.co/VsLyyXPyPI
As I’m waiting for my live shot — right on cue. A cyclist trying to cross the very busy Independence Drive/28th Ave South intersection. https://t.co/HLaR5mWIot
Homewood Police say that two cyclists, one a juvenile, were hit by cars on Monday evening. I spoke with City Councilor Jennifer Andress today, and she says the City is already planning to make some infrastructure upgrades to keep cyclists and drivers safe. Bike lanes seems likely
RT @TLAL254: Former member of our troop. 🇺🇸 https://t.co/ksyqhJ1ye8
Today, the Meadowbrook Post Office is being renamed to honor Lance Corporal Thomas E. Rivers Jr. @USRepGaryPalmer  sponsored the bill behind this renaming and @POTUS signed the bill into law earlier this year. https://t.co/WSONLKMy2Z
An FBI agent told me today that human trafficking affects every single community in the United States. That's why the FBI and BCRI are holding a conference on this topic. Here's my story: 		https://t.co/uv67qlA4Bc
At the Sixteenth Street Baptist Church today covering a conference focused on combatting human and labor trafficking. The event is being hosted by the FBI and the Birmingham Civil Rights Institute. https://t.co/EBmZYiSHnR
#BREAKING: The Jefferson County Sheriff's Department just called and told me that 76 year-old Carol Peacock has been found. Sheriffs tells me she was found at 8:30pm at the Walmart on Parkway East.
Found the home where Carol Peacock disappeared from this morning. Woman inside said Peacock came over at 7am to “do her hair.” The woman took a shower around 8:30am — that’s when she said Peacock disappeared.
The most important social media news report you will see today https://t.co/dVR4PsYTUq
RT @JeffCoSheriff: Missing senior in Center Point https://t.co/ntsImwSRmK https://t.co/3LfBgrlOpG
RT @JackLSelf: Missing senior in Center Point  https://t.co/33mwyIkVd1
RT @CBS_42: #MISSING: Carol Peacock was last seen walking along Sun Valley Road toward Center Point Parkway early this morning. https://t.c…
The Jefferson County Sheriff's Office is searching for 76-year-old Carol Peacock. She was visiting a home in the 200 block of Sun Valley Road and wandered away today during the early morning hours. If you have any info, call the Jefferson County Sheriff’s Office at 205-325-1450. https://t.co/JNcsyr8RTh
@klassylady20069 It’s not income, it’s property value.
RT @CBS_42: Radar estimates- up to a foot of rain already from #HurricaneFlorence. Add storm surge and this is causing extreme flooding. #n…
After reading posts on social media saying that residents would see a marginal hike in dues paid to the Cahaba Valley Fire Department, I decided to try and find out why this was happening. Here is my story @cvfd_fire_dept 		https://t.co/Kbe4sytgpW
Here is a full breakdown of the 2018 Cahaba Valley Fire Department dues. The board just voted on a marginal increase for 2019. Find out what that increase will look like and what it means for you tonight at 6pm on @CBS_42 https://t.co/zWuP924wP9
Saw on the app @Nextdoor today that some local residents are saying their Cahaba Valley Fire dues could be going up. I’m looking into this today. Any local residents have an opinion on this? Is a due increase frustrating or is it necessary to keep residents protected?
FEMA also says landfall is not expected for 36 hours — sometime on Friday afternoon.
FEMA says that just because Hurricane Florence is now a category 2 storm does not mean you can let your guard down. The threat is still very real.
If you have any information on this story or the suspects seen in the video, contact Crime Stoppers of Metro Alabama at 205-254-7777		https://t.co/nMWi58XRQo
This security footage was exclusively provided to @CBS_42 this morning. @BhamPolice need your help identifying the two men seen in the video.	Sgt. Johnny Williams at the Birmingham Police Department says the men allegedly stole two cars and some personal items from guests. https://t.co/nKO97QyG9R
RT @JackRoyer: Just now, @GovernorKayIvey announces the deployment of AL resources to North Carolina to assist with #HurricaneFlorence resp…
https://t.co/yWTYfbLyzp		Just spoke to Sgt. Williams with @BhamPolice. He told me that they are confident they have arrested the right guy.
RT @jeffglor: https://t.co/a3UrR5SBKG
RT @MSNBC: BREAKING: President Trump says federal gov’t is "ready" for Hurricane Florence, and reflects on what he describes as "incredibly…
RT @willainsworthAL: Great time at the ARSEA/APEAL candidate forum today.   Great to see @RexReynolds01 , @davidharer , and Geoff Statum to…
RT @SenDougJones: https://t.co/PI17GGcdMc
RT @GovernorKayIvey: In honor of the victims of September 11, 2001, I’ve proclaimed today as Patriot Day in Alabama &amp; have ordered flags to…
RT @USAlumniAssoc: Today we honor and remember George "Twig" Spencer III '69, the only known University School alumnus to perish in the ter…
RT @thehill: Roy Moore drops defamation suit over campaign ads about sexual misconduct allegations against him https://t.co/B2pkVoc71C http…
ANOTHER UPDATE: Auburn Police and the U.S. Marshals Service Fugitive Task Force have arrested a 17-year-old male. Police say that he is being charged with murder and was transported to Lee County Jail where he is being held on a $150,000 bond. 		https://t.co/jIttxER5n2
https://t.co/jIttxER5n2		Here is my updated story on the shooting in Auburn that left one dead and four injured, including one Auburn student.
Robert Sherman CBS 42	Published by Robert Sherman · 3 mins · 	UPDATE: Auburn Police have identified the victim killed as 20-year-old Evan Wilson of Tuskegee. 		One person is dead, four are injured. One of those wounded is an Auburn student		https://t.co/3amczEeLXa
Auburn Fire Dept still on the scene as are a couple of officers https://t.co/rT8Svadw8h
West Magnolo Ave is now open again. Police cruisers have pulled away, tape is gone. https://t.co/oKPxRhNmoE
Scene in West Magnolia Avenue starting to clear here in Auburn https://t.co/v9zF1NWnod
RT @CBS_42: WATCH LIVE: Updates on shooting in Auburn and latest on Tropics with Meteorologist Sarah Cantey and Ariana Garza CBS 42 https:/…
RT @CBS_42: BREAKING UPDATE: One dead, multiple injured in shooting near Toomer's Corner in Auburn. Turn on CBS 42 for the latest https://t…
RT @CBS_42: BREAKING: One dead, multiple injured in shooting near Toomer's Corner in Auburn. Turn on CBS 42 for the latest #Auburn #Shootin…
RT @CBS_42: We have a crew on the way and will bring you an update ASAP. https://t.co/4wylZlBcGp
RT @CBS_42: BREAKING: Multiple Wounded In Auburn Shooting https://t.co/hKPPaLbihE
RT @CBS_42: LIVE NOW: Chris Renkel WIAT &amp; Robert Sherman CBS 42 are live at the Hoover Met ahead of the highly anticipated matchup between…
Are five Roberts better than one?		Special thanks to @Chris_Renkel  for showing me this video editing trick today. https://t.co/dtLnE77ypB
@Chris_Renkel covering the big matchup tonight for @CBS_42 https://t.co/Mb2BEJjhhv
Beautiful day for football here at the Hoover Met. Hoover and Thompson will kickoff at 7pm. https://t.co/5JVHq2vHPU
RT @JackRoyer: A bus carrying UAB students has crashed in Winston County. 		Standby for a special report on @CBS_42
RT @JackRoyer: I wish we still used the English language like this @nytimes reporter did covering Lincoln’s Gettysburg Address. 		A @Robert…
RT @CBS_42: More info on parking for @athletics_ths vs. @BucsFootball plus an interview with Thompson's Taulia Tagovailoa here: https://t.c…
Lt. Czeskleba also says that parking will be $5 and asks that you please have the EXACT change ready to go when you arrive.
Officers are getting on site at 3/3:30. Parking lots will open around 4:30.
Spoke with Lt. Keith Czeskleba regarding the Hoover/Thompson game tonight. He said they are expecting heavy amounts of traffic, so it is imperative that you arrive early. Ideally before 5pm even though kickoff isn’t until 7.
@JackRoyer @nytimes For my next trick, I will attempt to work the word “sycophantic” into a standup. We’ll see how it plays out.
Scrubs. On. @ Jacksonville State University https://t.co/xa8mTn5psw
RT @HillarySimonTV: Woodlawn high school played Wenonah high school today. Woodlawn football players were sporting the #15 to remember thei…
Six months after that tornado ravaged Jacksonville, and subsequently the Jacksonville State nursing lab, the University is rebuilding. They just opened its new nursing lab and I got a tour of the facility today.		https://t.co/JeHeUUg6Xz
Back at Jacksonville State today. This apartment complex was one of the largest scars on campus that visualized the damage that tornado caused. It is now gone. https://t.co/DQHsJQuszq
RT @JackRoyer: Here’s wishing a happy birthday to our political analyst and my dear friend, Steve Flowers! From WVUA23 to CBS 42, always a…
https://t.co/GInfPd23Sd		Today, Woodlawn High School hosted a vigil for William Edwards which I attended today. 		A poem Edwards wrote back in Middle School was posted on social media this afternoon. In that piece he said, "I am scared of dying at an early age."
@mrjennings7 @CBS_42 Thanks a lot buddy!
Today marks three months for me as a reporter at @CBS_42		Here are five of my favorite reporter stand-ups from the first 90 days! Thank you to all of the people that have made these first three months so fantastic! https://t.co/qnIYaR8QJU
I followed up on the shooting of 16-year-old William Edwards. Today, the family held a balloon release to honor the Woodlawn High School football standout. I spoke with Edwards' mother and she has a message for her son's attackers:		https://t.co/DBHsXBoKRe
Sgt Williams: An altercation between two individuals unfolded at a party. 6 people were injured by gunfire. 1 injury is life threatening. All 6 people that were injured are teenagers.
At an active scene here at the 2200 block of 5th Avenue South. Police told us via email that multiple people were shot. Waiting to speak with Sgt. Williams — should get a statement soon. https://t.co/b2Rkq5k1Zo
The balloons have been released. Lots of teary eyes as visitors let them go. https://t.co/OVRMKsKPmK
Lots of footballs and 15s here at this ballon release for William Edwards https://t.co/AO6c5oEpB9
The family of Will Edwards told me that today at 4:00 pm, a balloon release will be held at East Lake Park in honor of Will. All who knew him are welcome to attend.
RT @UnivSchool: Thanks to the US Annual Fund, over 60 faculty members had the opportunity to attend on-campus professional development! Rea…
I spoke with the friends and family of William Edwards today. They say he had offers to play football at the Division I level and that he could warm a room with his smile. 		Here is my story from this evening:		https://t.co/hxty3ruTmR
Birmingham Police say a 16-year-old Woodlawn High School football star was shot and killed at his home just after midnight this morning. He was in his bedroom when bullets came flying through his window. https://t.co/VnW4ebDyjZ
We have the @CBS_42 team here at @OnTapSportsCafe today for the kickoff to the College Football season! Let us know who you’re rooting for today! Photo Credit: Scott MacDowell https://t.co/9ABvnVx36c
https://t.co/APTuVt9vgu		We spoke to an Alabama State Trooper this afternoon on how dangerous of a travel weekend this will be. Check out my story to learn how you can stay safe when you get behind the wheel.
I caught up with Corporal Steve Smith, an Alabama State Trooper, this afternoon. He has a couple of messages for Alabamians as they prepare to head out and enjoy their Labor Day/College Football weekend:		1. Do not drink and drive		2. If you see hazardous driving, report it https://t.co/Z0I03VK13j
I spoke to an Alabama State Trooper today and he'll tell you how to stay safe on the roads tonight at 5 and 6.
When you hit the road this weekend, you're going to see a lot of cars on the highway. You will also see a heightened law enforcement presence in order to maintain public safety.
This is about to be a BIG travel weekend for Alabamians. Between the dawning of a new college football season and the last breathe of summer travel, the dangers of highway travel and intoxicated driving are high.
Another day of news in the Magic City https://t.co/MCRVBX6MVD
Oxford PD: "At the time of this release 2 of the three men had been arrested and were in the Calhoun County Jail. Johnathan Brittain expected to turn himself in today."
Oxford PD: Warrants have been obtained for the following individuals:	 	Johnathan Miquel Brittain, 36 years old	Colby Adam Humphries, 28 years old	Ronnie Dale Norton II, 31 years old https://t.co/nt1kq7WBOh
Oxford PD: "Each of the 3 men have $15,000.00 bonds and a Calhoun County District Court date set for October 4, 2018."
THIS JUST IN FROM OXFORD POLICE: "Investigators with the Oxford Police Department have obtained felony warrants for 3 Anniston men for thefts of bronze vases from several cemeteries located in Calhoun County this week."
https://t.co/y5imkCQhrV		Bessemer Police raided the home of an Alabama State Representative and made one drug-related arrest. Here's my story.
THIS JUST IN: here is the mugshot of Anthony Terry Jr. Police say he was arrested during the raid on Rep. Louise Alexander's (AL-56) home. Chief Roper confirmed that he was arrested and charged with two counts of unlawful distribution of a controlled substance. https://t.co/Fpy2CJu9uW
Here is a photo of the house where the raid took place — 2500 block of 11th Avenue North in Bessemer. https://t.co/7SBvM6aayL
(4/4) And third, Chief Roper confirmed that the son of State Rep. Louise Alexander (D-AL 56) was arrested and charged with two counts of unlawful distribution of a controlled substance.
(3/4) Second, Roper confirmed that the investigation leading up to the raid had been ongoing for the previous three months.
(2/4) First, Chief Roper confirmed that a raid took place at the 2500 block of 11th Avenue North in Bessemer. Time of the raid was 4:28 am.
(1/4) I’ve been following this story all day. Bessemer Police Chief Mike Roper confirmed a few details for me: https://t.co/klx2kUL1Vh
RT @CBS_42: UPDATE: Oxford Police have obtained felony warrants for three Anniston men for thefts of bronze vases from cemeteries in Calhou…
https://t.co/TsB0WDgc95		Three Eutaw Police Officers came forward with some serious allegations against members of the Eutaw City Council. Here is my piece from tonight on this story.
I have called every member of the Eutaw City Council and the Mayor to ask for a comment. I have either been told “no” or have not heard back yet. Will try again at 2pm https://t.co/P50AhUz387
Three Eutaw Police Officers allege that Eutaw City Council members have been interfering with their Police work — showing up at crime scenes, telling Officers to let suspects go etc. They have told us that if the situation does not improve, they are considering going on strike. https://t.co/MKaEphBsqY
https://t.co/2v6GMnNIfJ		Here is the latest on this story. Remember, if you have a loved one buried in a cemetery in or near Anniston/Oxford with a decorative vase, be sure to stop by and make sure it is intact. If it is not, or if it is missing, contact the local authorities.
RT @CBS_42: The tax agreement authorizes the company to collect the local lodging tax on behalf of its Birmingham hosts and remit the reven…
Oxford Police also told me that Munford Recycling has been fully cooperative. When I stopped by this afternoon, they were "closed for crushing." An employee told me they would be willing to give a comment when they re-open.
https://t.co/va8T6S1oC5
According to Oxford Police, the three men allegedly stole over a hundred of these decorative vases. They then allegedly took the vases and brought them to this place, Munford Recycling. Anniston Police told me that they ended up recovering about 58 of the vases last week. https://t.co/ujqjR1scC2
Oxford Police say that the warrants have been issued for "Conspiracy to Commit Theft of the First Degree."
@OxfordPolice Tell me that they now have warrants out for three men in relation to the stolen cemetery vases. Same three men that Anniston Police told me they arrested last week: Brittain, Humphries and Norton II
RT @JenniferJJacobs: BREAKING: Trump says he’s terminating NAFTA and entering a different deal with Mexico, and possibly Canada if they wan…
RT @MichelleCBS42: TRAFFIC: Wreck on I-65 SB at Finley Blvd (7:50am) #RealTimeTraffic https://t.co/SQXB3qXr6S
RT @SpeakerRyan: John McCain was a giant of our time—not just for the things he achieved, but for who he was and what he fought for all his…
RT @CBS_42: A Mississippi high school football player who collapsed on the sidelines of a game has died. https://t.co/j311OUtBeJ
RT @CBS_42: A rollover accident stirred up traffic on I-65 Southbound in Birmingham Saturday evening. https://t.co/p6mkTQ8tWy
RT @SarahCantey: Doesn't get much better than a beautiful sunrise to help start your morning! Here's a live look in Anniston right now. You…
https://t.co/VesrW4VSI5		I met a lot of great dogs at Camp Fletcher today that need a home. If you are looking to adopt, call @TheGBHS at (205) 942-1211.
This just broke minutes ago. Wow. One of the most iconic GOP Senators is now gone. https://t.co/h4AZH2hCa4
Oxford Police just confirmed for me that 14-17 brass vases were stolen from Dogwood Trail Memorial Gardens cemetery in Oxford.
@AnnistonPD also says that 97 brass vases were stolen Forestlawn Garden and Mausoleum and that investigators have recovered 58. They need families to go to the cemetery to see if their loved one’s vase has been stolen — they say only the individuals can file charges.
@AnnistonPD tells me that they arrested three people in connection to brass vases stolen from Forestlawn Garden and Mausoleum: Johnathan Brittain on August 21st, Colby Humphries and Ronnie Norton II on August 22nd
I’m looking into this story in Anniston today. Does anybody have a loved one buried in the Oxford or Anniston cemeteries? https://t.co/m3qRqjlsWA
https://t.co/U8ILP2Exhq		Crime Stoppers told me today to be on the lookout while shopping as the holiday season approaches. Keep personal items close by and watch out for suspicious shoppers. If your wallet is missing, cancel your payment cards immediately to avoid a major loss.
@CSMetroAL needs your help identifying the man in this video. Sgt. Pennington tells me that this past Sunday, a woman was out grocery shopping when her wallet was stolen right out of her purse. He says this man is the prime suspect. If you recognize him, call 205-254-7777 https://t.co/JuBnqTWQoz
RT @lbucci45: Just landed safely in #Hawaii. Video of the the eye of Category 5 #HurricaneLane just before sunset. It’s a strong and danger…
@lbucci45 Hi Lisa! Does CBS 42 in Birmingham have permission to use this?
Allan Rice, the City Administrator for Hoover, says the Mayor will do "what is most advantageous for [Hoover's] employees."
https://t.co/kQeRRvSR2L		The Hoover City Council's attorney is now reviewing that 2017 Alabam Supreme Court ruling to see if it applies to Hoover or not. Many seem to think it will not but that final decision has yet to arrive.
The Hoover Finance Committee’s budget hearing has now turned to the @HooverPD https://t.co/iEE58Hdm86
Frank Brocato, Mayor of Hoover, told me in passing: “It is just an HR issue and we handling it as any other HR issue.”
RT @ShimonPro: Manafort’s attorney said he wished jurors would be given  a third option on the form -- a hung jury option for each count he…
Rice further tells me that the law in question is being reviewed as it may only apply to state officers and not local officers. Rice: “If we have to do it we’ll do it and if we don’t have to do it, we’ll do what’s best for our employees which the city of Hoover has always done .”
Just spoke with Hoover’s City Administrator, Allan Rice. He told me that there will not be any line item budget changes/cuts for paying Police. He says that retirement payments could be altered based on a law that ultimately determines how many hours a week constitute base pay.
Here is the Agenda for the Hoover Finance Committee’s budget hearing. Won’t be talking about the Police Department until the afternoon. https://t.co/sdX4OsSaNa
RT @CBS_42: #UPDATE: Deputies took Reginald Antonio Dowdell into custody. He's being held on a $15,000 bond in the Jefferson County Jail on…
This has been an issue plaguing Central Alabama that we have been covering all year. Last week, I had a story on dogs being shot in Bessemer. Now, @CamEdgeworth is looking into this story. https://t.co/MvKX9TQ0kr
RT @CBS_42: President Donald Trump pressed his criticism of special counsel Robert Mueller on Monday, accusing Mueller's team of "enjoying…
The AD at Thompson High School confirmed to me that the capacity of the new Warrior Stadium is 6,000. First game in the new facility will be September 14th against Oak Mountain.
Thompson High School’s new football stadium is open to the public today. https://t.co/GNr8ZJTdTg
I was able to catch up with the CFO of Traditions Bank, the Mayor of Hayden, and a meteorologist from the National Weather Service to put this story together. Still a lot of unanswered questions as to why this tent collapsed. 		https://t.co/vrpwmfdEy6
Just spoke with Larry Armstrong, Mayor of Hayden. He says that he was injured in the tent collapse last night. He also says when it came down, a woman fell on top of his leg. “She was knocked out cold.”
Representatives from the tent company are now here. They have refused to give a comment at this time.
Chairs are now being lugged away from Traditions Park. The tent debris still remains. https://t.co/PjCFOvbrtz
Here’s a before and after look at that tent in Blount County https://t.co/3jZePZf26P
Amazing body cam footage courtesy of the Oneonta Police Department. Two officers ran into a burning building last month to save residents trapped inside. Here is how the events unfolded from the visual perspective of Officer Matthew Suddeth. https://t.co/28PX8cBhZz
Here’s what that home in Oneonta looks like today. https://t.co/87RaNqOrsT
According to the official Police report obtained from @oneontapolice, the fire took place on July 3rd at 9:26 pm. That’s when Officers Suddeth and Glasscock in the body cam footage you will see tonight. Here’s the report https://t.co/tVCm1nj5K5
I have reached out to Sgt. Johnny Williams at Birmingham Police again to see if any new details have emerged on this story, but I have not heard back. He told me at 1:00pm that this boy "could" face charges pending on a variety of factors such as if the gun was stolen or not etc.
@bruins_go Not yet but I’ve started saying “y’all” a bit!
Just spoke with Sgt. Williams at @BhamPolice who confirmed that an electric taser was used on a 13 year-old boy this morning. Police say the boy was carrying a gun.
Gov. Ivey says that this is what the future of Alabama Infrastructure will look like and that this bridge/ramp will be open by the end of the month. That being said, projects like this one will be an ongoing part of Alabama’s plan to improve infrastructure. https://t.co/bgwx3xIT4Q
@GovernorKayIvey and her team takes a photo op at the apex https://t.co/Pkn5D5m86J
11th Ave ramp will be open by the end of the month.
“Infrastructure is a critical component of job creation.”
Ivey: “With the continued growth of Alabama’s economy there is a continued demand for improvement in Alabama’s infrastructure.”
Gov. Ivey has just taken the podium https://t.co/95KlApIPwR
At the apex of the bridge structure https://t.co/gzdTKnlhHu
This press conference is doubling as a “preview” for what the interstate system will look like in Alabama.
https://t.co/K0y9ANWXBT		My story from today. We followed this social media post saying a dog was shot in Bessemer this past weekend and that, back in May, two other dogs were shot on Ross Road.
Also spoke with Dana Darby, the managing director of Pound in the Hill. She said that killing a dog is never an acceptable option unless the animal poses a legitimate threat to your life or safety.
I did speak with Jacob Dean, a dog owner who says two of his dogs were shot back in May. Dean says his dogs wandered onto a neighbor’s property and were shot because the neighbor claimed that the dogs were damaging his property.
After talking to several dog owners, we’ve also confirmed that another dog was shot but not killed this pst weekend on Hall Avenue. I tried to speak with the owner but he was out of the area for work.
A social media post was forwarded over to our Assignment Desk saying that several dogs have been shot and killed in Bessemer over on Morgan Road. This is what I'm looking into today. If you have any info, shoot me an email at rsherman@cbs42.com or a DM.
Today I’m in Jacksonville covering this small festival meant to unite the community and put the storms from earlier this year into the past. https://t.co/HfRkJsknd0
Today we’re covering a new EMA outdoor warning siren system. The new system is “polygon system” meaning that instead of tripping all 254 sirens in Jefferson County for a tornado warning, only select sirens will go off now — cutting down false alarms. https://t.co/wqiHygwosW
Got a special tour of the tornado warning siren on top of City Hall today https://t.co/bzaLsO59mC
I reached out to @BhamCitySchools asking to confirm if the schools are being impacted by air conditioning issues. Attached is what they sent me. I have since followed up and asked why "routine maintenance" was being performed the first week of class after weeks of summer recess. https://t.co/ckWpYvhu8D
A parent of an Avondale student told @CBS_42 this morning that six Birmingham City Schools are having issues with air conditioning. She said it's caused the school to shift classes and is affecting large portions of the school buildings.
@POTUS signed a bill last month that will rename this United States Post Office to the “Lance Corporal Thomas E. Rivers Jr. Post Office” in memory of an American hero. @Palmer4Alabama introduced the bill. I spoke exclusively with the family and will share their story tonight at 5 https://t.co/v2yE8h03IE
RT @ReshadHudson: Coming up at 6 on @CBS_42  @WaltMaddox is in Montgomery responding to questions from @kayiveyforgov campaign. https://t.c…
RT @CBS_42: Shelby County school bus overturns in Chelsea; no kids on board https://t.co/LR3Urx8HBi
Heading to cover this now https://t.co/eFzrGQuFiH
The work has intensified here on this water main break https://t.co/oBmv6AlNOi
One half of Highland Ave S is open and the other is closed. The issue is that the break is actually under the side of the road that is open, so eventually they will have to close off that part of the road as well. https://t.co/vH5fwB49t2
Just spoke with Rick Jackson from Birmingham Water Works. This is an 8-inch main break, and water can be rerouted, so no customers should lose water. Some may experience low water pressure, but that’s about it.
Here’s a video of the water flowing out of that water main break https://t.co/5R6qX2nFaj
Water main break on Highland Ave by the golf course and the Piggly Wiggly. https://t.co/bLMdVG4mNc
RT @MichelleCBS42: Expect delays on I-459 SB in Bessemer through the construction zone near Morgan Rd. LIVE LOOK (6:20am) #RealTimeTraffic…
RT @uabmedicine: How #storytelling may help reduce #delirium in hospitalized #elderly patients: https://t.co/Cj5ZpD7T0y #artsinmedicine htt…
RT @CBS_42: Researchers have developed a first-of-its kind prosthetic swim leg. They say it could dramatically change the lives of the near…
@JackRoyer No. Doubt.
Let it be known that @JackRoyer is now a college graduate https://t.co/rV1T9J65dH
Auburn University will be providing somewhere between $35,000 and $50,000 to fund the research. I’m speaking with Dr. John Mason and some individuals who have been impacted by this disease today. That’s my story tonight at 5 and 6.		https://t.co/ds8vB8lPUb
@dani_stapp Thanks!
@dani_stapp Saw your tweet about Subway. I am a reporter at CBS 42. Can you DM me?
RT @CBS_42: https://t.co/GZYAzasSNG
Photos from one of those destroyed apartment complexes in Jacksonville, Alabama. Some JSU students used to call this place home during the last academic year. The University has come up with some “creative” strategies to house displaced students that we’ll tell you about tonight. https://t.co/4WniMAt99u
Just spoke with a former student who was displaced by that tornado. She says that, while the living conditions may not be ideal, she is very thankful that the school is making the decision to look after its students like this.
A woman from the housing office told me that the waiting list is at less than 100 students now and, when all is said and done, every student will have a place to live.
Jacksonville State University was hit by a tornado earlier this year. Lots of off-campus housing was destroyed. The University is working to place students in trailers and other living units to help accommodate its students. https://t.co/TMcv9IwYvq
RT @CBS_42: PLEASE SHARE: Anthony Williams was last seen at Camping World on July 18, 2018. He is 160 lbs and 6'2". He has black hair and b…
RT @CBS_42: "Our whole state is moving forward," Dr. Mackey said. "I think there is a new commitment to excellence and... https://t.co/6mTu…
RT @CBS_42: https://t.co/dvOddfBUm3
RT @MichelleCBS42: TRAFFIC: Slowdowns on I-20/59 SB coming into downtown Birmingham. Seeing delays on both I-20 and I-59 backing up past th…
RT @MichelleCBS42: TRAFFIC: Wreck on the Red Mountain Expressway. Expect delays.This is right at the Hwy 280/31 split. (7:35am) #RealTimeTr…
RT @Nate_HH: Busy morning with rain continuing to move north. More showers to our south set to impact us later this morning, too. #alwx htt…
RT @CBS_42: Several vehicles were broken into last Thursday night, and citizens want answers. https://t.co/sHLcxEiKMy
I spent the day in Alabaster following a collision between a car and a train. We spoke to representatives from the City of Alabaster and the DA's office. Here is my story from today: https://t.co/ksKQV18OuR
CSX employees are getting the new crossing signs up and running — the old ones can be found in the debris trail on the side of the railway line. https://t.co/LzlolIoNfN
@MonaMonet23 @CBS_42 Thank you
This is what’s left of the car door. https://t.co/eCoLvylEE7
This is the crossing where the train and car collided. As Allabaster residents told me this morning, there is no gate here at this crossing. https://t.co/UuPp5bhdC1
Statement from CSX part 2: “CSX extends its sympathies to those impacted by this tragic event and appreciates the swift response by the local first responders.”
Statement from CSX part 1: “Just before 1:00 a.m. this morning, a CSX train struck a vehicle at the Fulton Springs Road crossing in Alabaster, AL. The Alabaster Police Department responded to the scene and reported that one of the occupants was fatally injured.”
https://t.co/ksKQV18OuR
CSX confirmed to me that the train and car collision in Alabaster occurred on a CSX line.
RT @StephenGallien: Four year old child from Oneonta killed Monday night when a train hit a car in Alabaster.  Shelby Co. Coroner Lina Evan…
This morning, a car carrying a woman and her 4 year old child collided with a train in Alabaster. The child was killed and the mother has been flown to UAB Hospital. I'm looking into this story today and will try to find more details.
RT @CBS_42: Thorsby Fire tells CBS 42 the fire started in an auto repair shop and spread to a car dealership next door. Both buildings are…
RT @WaltMaddox: "Alabama is not in good shape, and when you look we’re 46th, 47th, 48th, 49th and 50th you know instead of worrying about h…
RT @WaltMaddox: We enjoyed tonight’s Democratic Candidate Forum in Gardendale. It continues to be an honor to speak to each of you on the c…
RT @thehill: UK stops sharing intel with US on ISIS fighters accused in beheadings of American journalists https://t.co/RFy4nGDvvX https://…
RT @amjoyshow: .@MALCOLMNANCE: #Russians could carry out another attack to sow chaos in #MidtermElection https://t.co/e1zGR74DSM
It was a fun day spent at @wdhn with @MichelleCBS42 and @ReshadHudson. Great meeting some other journalists @Ben_Stanfield @CaseyWDHN @TiffanyWDHN @CChandlerLiveTV. 		Photo Credit: Scott MacDowell https://t.co/sSRc6NKJFd
@JackRoyer @WDHN @MichelleCBS42 @ReshadHudson Nobody stopped him he just went ahead and did it!
Spending the day at @WDHN w/ @MichelleCBS42 and @ReshadHudson for a tape critique session. To quote @JackRoyer “Celebrate Rarely, Grind Daily” https://t.co/Zcz362ndwr
Woodfin: “I had to drive by this station ever day. It it a testament to the passion, fight and commitment of the Kingston residents.”
Now onto the ribbon cutting ceremony for Fire Station 8. City Councilor President Abbott, City Councilor Parker, and Mayor Woodfin are all in attendance. https://t.co/HZXztakvnA
Chief Smith: “If you’re a criminal in the city of Birmingham *knocks on wood* get off your lazy boy because we’re coming for you. Today is a new day. Welcome to County Jail.”
Chief Smith: “Those that have been victims of violent crimes in Birmingham, we are here to represent you. I hear you.”
Chief Smith: “No one ever said leadership was easy. But, nobody ever lied to me, and told me that it was either.”
Four officers are being sworn in as we speak: Chief Patrick Smith, Assistant Chief Benjamin Treadaway, Deputy Chief Michael Richards, and Deputy Chief Cedric Stevens. https://t.co/JXIw1D4GIH
Judge Michael Streety just said made a joke that fictional Sheriff Andy Griffith was influential, Deputy Barney Fife wanted to be important. The crowd laughed
Judge Streety asked the attendees a question: “Are you important? Or are you influential?” Importance is about your title. People who are influential inspire people to be the best they can be.
Judge Michael Streety: “This is about change. This is about good change.” https://t.co/FzJ8xwEh9M
Woodfin: When we talk about putting people first, I am 100% certain that Chief Smith understands that.
Woodfin: What I am excited about is [Chief Smith’s] leadership and vision.
Woodfin: I will do everything in my power to protect our officers and give them what they need to succeed.
The swearing-in ceremony of Birmingham Police Chief Patrick D. Smith is about to begin. https://t.co/uvsv4bEJZA
RT @HillarySimonTV: In honor of the 50th anniversary of Talladega Superspeedway, a huge 50 million transformation infield project will be a…
@jacobwilliams21 Happy to help
First 100 patrons inside the door get free burritos FOR A YEAR. A couple that has been here since 9:30am told us that two people were taken away via ambulance due to the heat.
Here’s what the inside of this Moe’s looks like. Manager told me that some of these people have been on site since midnight and just now made it into the store. Wow. https://t.co/UoxDdSBIgb
A new Moe’s just opened today at Oxford Commons. Patrons have been camping out for this grand opening. https://t.co/N0IR1kvkcH
RT @CBS_42: Do you live in the Oxford/Anniston area and have any insight into this story regarding Oxford Water Works? Let our reporter Rob…
https://t.co/rxY7jjCE6k		Heading to Oxford today to cover the lawsuit filed against Oxford Water Works regarding the alleged dumping of harmful chemicals into Choccolocco Creek. Has anybody been affected by this lawsuit or witnessed dumping first hand? Let me know if you have!
RT @ABC: Police arrest 32-year-old man accused of setting multiple wildfires in California that have scorched thousands of acres and forced…
RT @SecPompeo: The U.S. does not, and will not, recognize Russia’s purported annexation of #Crimea. We stand together with allies &amp; partner…
RT @DePauwU: A small preview of what awaits #DePauw2022, and a special moment for #DePauw2021 to relive. 💛🖤 #tigerfamily https://t.co/Q0Ayy…
RT @Fahrenthold: From today’s ruling: judge says @realDonaldTrump’s biz dealings w/foreign govts are the kind of thing Founding Fathers wor…
RT @MichelleCBS42: TRAFFIC: Team traffic's @katiegilhooly seeing some minor slowdowns on I-20/59 NB near the BJCC. #RealTimeTraffic https:/…
RT @WoodfinForBham: We promised to give you an open, transparent government. Here's how we're doing that: Visit https://t.co/hUI4YvnyZ4, cl…
RT @WoodfinForBham: Proud to join with mayors across the country working to make change in their communities. #changemakers https://t.co/25…
https://t.co/uq3mUHOip7		My story from yesterday regarding the Shell station that some community members (and Birmingham City Council members) think should lose its business license.
Great reporting by my colleague @CamEdgeworth — and his reporting yielded a terrific result. https://t.co/mM6o6va49T
Here is the Shell station where Birmingham Police say a man was shot last month. Some think this station should lose its business license. Do you? Would you get gas here? Tweet your thoughts on this to me. https://t.co/MN6A0thvxs
Update: Item 9, “A Resolution relative to the application of East Lake Food &amp; Fuel LLC for a Lounge Retail Liquor Class II License to be used at East Lake Package Store, 421 Oporto Madrid Boulevard North Suite B” has been put on consent.
“I’m not going to let you sit up here and minimize my community.”
Hoyt: “you’re saying that is ok for these 3 people to be killed. And I’m appalled.”
Councilor Hoyt says he want a public hearing on this Shell station. “We have never kept something in the committee for a year.”
FIFA Resolution passes. Was debate over whether Legion Field was suitable considering it is a turf field and FIFA wants grass.
Covering the @citycouncilbham today. Finishing presentations now and will be discussing the agenda soon. Items on the agenda include using Legion Field for the 2026 FIFA World Cup, sick leave/vacation days for employees &amp; the state of the Texaco gas station on Oporto Madrid Blvd. https://t.co/NS4baKxgUo
RT @willainsworthAL: Great time this morning fly fishing on the Upper Madison River outside of Yellowstone.  Addie caught the largest fish…
Check out my story on @CBS_42 tonight at 10. I spoke to a lot of great Ensley High School graduates who have a lot of pride for their alma mater.
Flames at one point were shooting 20 feet into the air. Thankfully, Birmingham FD got the flames extinguished minutes after arriving. https://t.co/inK9LmH2Kg
More photos from this active scene https://t.co/4UmDqVUelj
Birmingham Fire Department has arrived at a car that is on fire at the corner of Avenue I and 20th St Ensley https://t.co/6SFmtojiDx
Covering the Ensley High School memorial service today at noon to honor the memory of an institution near and dear to the community. Are there any Ensley HS alums on Twitter with any old photos from their HS days?
Birmingham City Schools is unveiling a new mobile application
Dr. Lisa Herring: “Failure is not an option.”
Teacher retention is 84% today: goal is for that number to hit 90% by 2023
Dr. Lisa Herring says that “Kindergarten readiness” is at 77% but wants that to be 87% by 2023.
Dr. Lisa Herring: “All of the tools are here to build something great.”
Folks are filing in as Birmingham’s “State of the Schools” address is about to begin. https://t.co/x0BGzS1SZE
RT @TwinkleforAL: While this campaign didn’t end where we hoped, we could not be more proud of our tremendous supporters and friends who he…
RT @mclarkreports: BREAKING - Walker County Coroner Joey Vick confirms a fatality in an industrial mining incident near Townley this aftern…
A spokesperson from Birmingham Water Works tells me that the water is back on for all these local businesses off Roebuck Pkwy. The road has a temporary patch. More work to be done to return it “to its original state.”
A few hours ago, this was a gushing, broken water line. Now, it’s all patched up. But some local businesses were without water for large portions of today. I’ll tell you all about that tonight at 5 o’clock https://t.co/17OXP9bXYW
RT @willainsworthAL: What do you do after you win a primary for Lt. Governor? Go to Huddle House and celebrate with family and the one and…
First thing Ainsworth says he will bring to Montgomery: Integrity.
Ainsworth has taken the stage to declare victory. https://t.co/OLoJvWIitG
BREAKING: According to Ainsworth’s campaign advisor, Cavanaugh just called Ainsworth to concede the race.
BREAKING: Ainsworth watch party roars as the race is called in favor of Ainsworth.
The Ainsworth watch party has gotten busy! Lots of excited chatter, lots of smiles as the last few votes are counted. https://t.co/XlnUboIGTZ
Ainsworth told me this evening that he thought his campaign had the momentum. With 80% reporting, he has a lead of over 10,000 votes
With 42% of precincts reporting, @willainsworthAL leads @TwinkleforAL 53%-47%. Right now, there is excitement and optimism in Guntersville, but there is also a complete understanding that we have a long way to go until the race is decided.
RT @willainsworthAL: First box in for team Ainsworth in Marshall County over 76%.
Ainsworth says that he believes Cavanaugh’s ad will “backfire.” He says that Alabamians resent “gutter politics.”
Ainsworth feels very good about tonight. Says his team has “momentum” and his base is “energized.”
@willainsworthAL has arrived. https://t.co/4cSV2b5JaT
follow the runoff election results here: https://t.co/cjlkYdllok
Here is the last push from the @willainsworthAL campaign. Polls close at 7pm tonight. https://t.co/rbsm54aMv3
RT @SherriJackson42: Fancy #voted stickers for Alabama’s Runoff 🗳 low turnout is expected 15-18% according to Secretary of State’s office.…
Also, in regards to the recent ad from @TwinkleforAL showing an Ainsworth arrest history, an @willainsworthAL staffer said that they are keeping everything positive  -- focusing on what Ainsworth will do if elected, not on what his opponent has said about him.
The @willainsworthAL still remains firm in its belief that this race is coming down to the wire tonight.
Ainsworth campaign adviser to me:  "[The voters] are hungry for someone on the outside, who is not part of the problem in Montgomery but is part of the solution. That's been a key part of Will's message and voters all across the state have responded to that in droves."
I’m in Guntersville at Wintzell’s Oyster House covering the @willainsworthAL campaign tonight. One staffer told me they expect it to be a close race this evening. https://t.co/um4VxMG7ul
Tonight is tunoff election night in Alabama and I’m heading to Guntersville to cover the @willainsworthAL campaign.
RT @willainsworthAL: Thanks to my Sister for working hard for us in Birmingham today.  Thanks for all the support.  Everyone go and vote to…
RT @willainsworthAL: Hunter is with me now at the polls.  Everyone get out and vote for Ainsworth for Lt. Governor.  Very very low turnout…
RT @willainsworthAL: Today's the day! Our children's future and the future of Alabama is on the line. Let's work together to build a bright…
RT @willainsworthAL: This election is about the future of our state. Alabama deserves someone who will lead with integrity and honesty. I'm…
RT @NoneOther1002: Today I lost a very important person to me. He was my pledge father, fraternity brother, and the kindest person I knew.…
RT @SherriJackson42: And so it begins! Looking forward to this new chapter with @JackRoyer tonight on @CBS_42. https://t.co/mJiW7tOS6u
RT @willainsworthAL: This is the letter Twinkle doesn't want you to see. She's doubling down on her shameless, gutter politics attacks on m…
@Its_Damon We didn’t know about the festival being suspended for inclement weather until we got there — but yeah, that ended up being the big story you’re right
Sloss Fest is going on today which is a fun, music festival in Birmingham. But with today’s humidity, it could be dangerous if you don’t plan ahead. That’s my story tonight at 6.
RT @ReshadHudson: AG Steve Marshall was not present in court, campaign says “He remains focused on the campaign and the issues that actuall…
RT @aldotcom: Alabama minor league team's 'Millennial night' has participation ribbons and people are mad https://t.co/ZfHk9rpUx0 https://t…
RT @TwinkleforAL: I had a great Meet and Greet in Cullman this week! It was a real treat to visit with everyone and discuss my vision for a…
RT @willainsworthAL: Shameless and desperate, career politician Twinkle continues to falsely attack me over a college prank and a boating t…
@JonathanWilhit1 @CBS_42 Her comments, not mine.
@WoodfinForBham has just taken the stage here at Imerge. https://t.co/ccQQENypoo
@WoodfinForBham is about to take the stage and kick off “Imerge” here in Birmingham https://t.co/zwL9H7CdP3
@yormoralcompass @CBS_42 Her comments, not mine
Woodfin: happy Shipt is adding 881 jobs, but thinks this model will help Birmingham become a tech capital in the South.
Woodfin: “we’ve made a full investment to ensure that they hire local talent.”
Woodfin: Fund has three program which are TIP, TAP, and TOP.
Woodfin: Incentives package is aimed at “Birmingham’s greatest asset: people.”
Woodfin: “we put together a package unlike any we’ve seen before”
@WoodfinForBham says, when @Shipt was acquired by @Target, he was proud of the company, but afraid that they would leave for Minnesota or the Bay Area.
@WoodfinForBham now making a statement at the @Shipt announcement. https://t.co/Bf587jI9KA
Smith says he intends to 1. Develop talent in Birmingham and 2. Bring new talent to the Birmingham area.
@Shipt CEO, Bill Smith, addresses a packed house at the John Hand building. https://t.co/RHorWD9pYt
Governor Ivey: “We must continue to invest in forward thinking companies.”
Gov. Ivey says that, since she has taken office, 15 thousand new jobs have been created.
Gov Ivey: “what we are doing is working”
Gov. Ivey says that when an existing company expands, it shows it appreciates our work force, and it has faith in the state’s leadership.
Gov. Ivey: “I am proud to announce that Shipt will be expanding its headquarters in Birmingham with 881 new jobs being added to its workforce”
Ivey takes the stage: “My team’s goal is to make days like today the every day norm, not the exception.” https://t.co/n0ykeYFt66
At noon, Governor Kay Ivey will take the stage here at the @Shipt HQ here in Birmingham. https://t.co/ID78XmECuo
Is anybody in the Birmingham area attending "Imerge" today? The event is kicking off innovation week in Birmingham and is meant to "bridge the gap between local entrepreneurs, talent, and capital." Let me know if you're attending. 		https://t.co/JYYwjnGAZM
Today at noon, Gov Ivey will make a "major economic development announcement" at the John Hand building. Since the Shipt HQ is in the John Hand building, and they will be getting a $1.7 million incentives package to stay in Birmingham, there's a good shot the two are related. https://t.co/fMXpYUKzFG
RT @KenOwenPR: Birthday greetings to the humble, kind, and overall amazing Malala Yousafzai! It was an honor hosting you at DePauw. Keep sh…
RT @MichelleCBS42: TRAFFIC: Drive times on point across Central Alabama! (7:05am) #RealTimeTraffic https://t.co/kHxWDngOkr
Adamsville Police will continue the investigation as they attempt to determine cause of death.
Adamsville Police identified Abbott’s remains by 1. His clothing and 2. By tracing the serial code on a metal plate in his shoulder. According to Abbott’s daughter, Ashlyn, there is finally some closure after 9 months of agony.
The skeletal remains pulled out of the woods in Adamsville have been positively identified as Eddie Abbott who went missing in October of 2017.
Just spoke to Adamsville Police Chief Warren Cotton. Discovery was made yesterday between 1 and 2pm. Birmingham Water Works found the remains about 50-100 feet into the woods. I’ll be live at noon with more details.
Photo of the scene here in Adamsville. Human skeletal remains were discovered just off Minor Parkway. Still waiting to talk with the officers on the scene. https://t.co/bZQDuiIqA9
I’ll be reporting live at City Hall tonight at 5 and 6 on the @citycouncilbham unanimous vote in favor of a $1.7 million incentives package to keep @Shipt here in the Magic City.
“I am more than excited to have a company of Shipt’s magnitude in Birmingham.”
Councilor Scales questions if Shipt has any costs associated with staying in Birmingham.
Councilor Scales not buying the “investing in a booming downtown Birmingham” rhetoric.
Councilor Scales says she doesn’t want to see Shipt “impact” the community, but rather “in the community.”
“For each dollar we give Shipt, it gives them the ability to create more jobs, and turn part time jobs into full time jobs.”
Attending today’s Birmingham City Council meeting. Right now, the discussion is in regards to the company Shipt and if the company will get an incentives package to stay in the city. https://t.co/T1dVqQ888z
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump will nominate Judge Brett M. Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court of the United States.
RT @DougJones: Tonight's announcement is only a first step. A thorough vetting of Judge Kavanaugh’s body of work will be critical for the S…
RT @AP: BREAKING: Trump announces nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh for Supreme Court, calls it 'honor and privilege'
RT @willainsworthAL: Looking forward to hearing the selection tonight.  	#MAGA https://t.co/MRppDwaQFR
Couldn't go to a more deserving guy. Big congratulations to @JackRoyer on his promotion. https://t.co/ZOIH8xKldn
And the very interesting Alabama Attorney General race just got even more interesting. https://t.co/0V1iIkwPZx
RT @TwinkleforAL: Loved spending time at my family reunion this weekend! Amazing to see these photos of my grandparents at the same Lawson…
It’s been beautiful all day at Lake Purdy, and we’ve seen a lot of Alabamians boating out on the water. I spoke with a boating expert and he’ll tell you how to stay safe the next time you head out onto the lake. That story is tonight at 6pm CT. https://t.co/8O7DqPSFN7
Today, I took a look at some of the recently released political ads here in the state of Alabama. I sat down with CBS 42 political analyst Steve Flowers to get his take on their messages and, subsequently, their effectiveness. 		https://t.co/j8Sff2UT99
RT @CamEdgeworth: Family, friends, and loved ones of Judge Helen Shores Lee are gathered at First Congregational Church to honor her life a…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Just won lawsuit filed by the DNC and a bunch of Democrat crazies trying to claim the Trump Campaign (and others), col…
The 34-year-old woman that locked her dog in the car for 7 hours has been arrested. https://t.co/LxIQ87pdmu
RT @CBS_42: WATCH: Senator Doug Jones talks nursing home bill, immigration, and appealing to Alabama voters  https://t.co/41DgloJlzc
RT @CBS_42: "The VA has been doing audits of these nursing homes for some time, but they won't release the... https://t.co/Gb3Dz67HNn
RT @KenOwenPR: Look for @DePauwU President Mark McCoy on 'Inside Indiana Business' this weekend! #IIBTV @GerryDick @DMarkMcCoy @IIB https:/…
From Trusville Police: “A felony warrant for Aggravated Cruelty to Animals was issued for the driver of the vehicle with a $25,000 bond.”
@tamlwhit Love it! Thanks for sharing!
https://t.co/LKdHOgB3QW		Today, I'm back on the story about the dog dying after being locked in a car for 7 hours. I will try to talk to some officials today. What questions do you want me to ask? What messages do you want me to convey?
The write-up and video from my story tonight. A dog died in the parking lot of the Walmart in Trussville after being locked inside a car for seven hours. https://t.co/LKdHOgB3QW
Live from Trussville @ Trussville, Alabama https://t.co/8QFrUhG7pW
A dog died while left locked inside a parked car at this Walmart in Trussville. A Facebook video of the incident has gone viral and is creating outrage. That’s my story tonight at 5 and 6. https://t.co/uB8ArMpkoG
Happy 4th of July from our family to yours. https://t.co/pKOdd6d13s
Here at Our Lady of Sorrows Church in Homewood for the Independence Day celebration. https://t.co/aj7L7GDMgZ
About to go live from Helena, Alabama as we talk about Independence Day festivities. Firework show in Alabaster and a festival in Helena.
Today we’re going throughout central Alabama and taking a look at all of the 4th of July celebrations happening in the different cities. We’ll have reports at 5 and 6 tonight.
RT @washingtonpost: The Trump administration is moving to rescind Obama-era guidance on the use of race in college admission decisions, off…
RT @CamEdgeworth: Hours later there’s still a large presence of Jefferson County Deputies investigating the scene of an officer involved sh…
RT @tedlieu: Dear @realDonaldTrump: You stated the recent reports about North Korea deceiving you were coming "only" from "the Opposition p…
RT @ReshadHudson: . @GovernorKayIvey orders flags flown at half-staff in honor of the Capital Gazette shooting victims, until sunset today.…
RT @CBS_42: Good Tuesday morning!! A drier day on the way for the 3rd of July. We've got your holiday forecast too on CBS 42 #alwx https://…
RT @capgaznews: The White House has reversed its decision and will permit Annapolis mayor Gavin Buckley to lower U.S. flags to half-staff i…
RT @tedlieu: Like the inauguration ceremony, lowering or raising flags are symbolic events. Some of us boycotted the relatively small inaug…
RT @RonPaul: Earlier today a staff member inadvertently posted an offensive cartoon on my social media. I do not make my own social media p…
RT @CBS_42: Hueytown teacher receives top national award for excellence in mathematics https://t.co/cM8rtJUHhH
RT @thehill: JUST IN: Trump interviews four potential Supreme Court picks https://t.co/PjAb1VOpLU https://t.co/zVYj6LSWCh
RT @TwinkleforAL: A little family fun after campaigning this weekend! https://t.co/APL33YzMFs
RT @CBS_42: Better chance of seeing showers and thunderstorms this afternoon. Still looks like best coverage will be south of I-20 #alwx ht…
RT @DougJones: Journalists in our country and around the world face risks every day doing their jobs. It shouldn’t be dangerous to tell the…
The end of dairy farming as we know it.
Senator Warren proclaiming she's not backing down from the fight for women's rights. Roe v. Wade is becoming a hot topic issue again because of the retirement of Justice Kennedy and the uncertainty over who his replacement will be. https://t.co/L7flbZXcSr
@DougJones on civil rights: “we have to remember what happened in Birmingham so that we don’t repeat it.”
@DougJones “There are things going on in this state that people just take for granted.” The Senator then gave a list of large, manufacturing operations going on in the state.
@DougJones just called broadband and the Internet “the new interstate system.” With poor broadband in large, rural areas, medical care is severely impaired.
@DougJones “we have left millions of dollars on the table [by not expanding Medicaid] that Alabama desperately needs”
@DougJones says he introduced two new bills regarding Medicaid in the past few weeks.
@DougJones “Our rural hospitals depend on Medicaid to a large extend”
@DougJones “we didn’t expand Medicaid, and it hurt our citizens.”
Doug Jones addressing a group at the Birmingham Civil Rights Institute. The subject of today’s lecture is “rural issues.” https://t.co/EGpMHqaoYG
RT @TwinkleforAL: More tremendous news!	#JobsJobsJobs https://t.co/Qj7r64Thqc
RT @TwinkleforAL: It was a real treat spending time with my friends at the Mobile County Farmers Federation yesterday! Enjoyed the fellowsh…
Photos given to me by the family of Jarvis “JJ” Woodruff who was killed by a falling tree in Lineville last night. I’ll have reports at 5pm and 6pm tonight. https://t.co/t6SiXYHmUE
https://t.co/aNj2tvWjvs		Here is the live report I did on the storm damage in Attalla. Unbelievable to see wind rip through a brick wall like this. Really puts into perspective how powerful (and how dangerous) some of these storms can be.
The front of the Attalla Opera House has been completely blown in. https://t.co/PGeddJPosc
9,300 without power in Etowah County. That’s where I’m headed now. https://t.co/HB9DR4pnrN
RT @NancyPelosi: Praying for everyone injured &amp; the families of those lost in today’s shooting at the Capital Gazette in Annapolis, Marylan…
RT @ByRosenberg: For anyone who doubts journalists' commitment: The Annapolis crime reporter just watched his colleagues die and feared for…
RT @ABC: DEVELOPING: Shooting reported at the Capital Gazette, a daily newspaper in Annapolis, Maryland, ATF says. https://t.co/uz2yFS7i6R…
Just wow https://t.co/5Hd43XBNso
This shows it: lots of people are being affected by this not so friendly weather. https://t.co/e8VoMLcAIC
RT @alabamapower: We have very strong storms sweeping in from the northeast, with winds strong enough to bring down trees. As of 2:30, ther…
The rain has arrived here in Ashville. https://t.co/RHl8bGreSK
Ominous clouds gathering in Ashville, Alabama. Thunderstorm warning issued for several counties, including St Clair. https://t.co/iHnW5rWCWC
St. Clair is where we are now. Be weather ready! https://t.co/NtVJjCGLzy
RT @Nate_HH: SEVERE T-STORM WATCH extended to include Jefferson, Shelby, Walker Counties. Watch goes until 7pm tonight. #alwx https://t.co/…
RT @Nate_HH: SEVERE T-STORM WARNING: Cullman County until 2:15pm. Storms are approaching the northern part of the county now. Expect damagi…
RT @CBS_42: Severe Thunderstorm Watch for Shelby and Walker County until 7:00pm. https://t.co/kYy4yvEuln #stormtrack42 #alwx
RT @CBS_42: Severe Thunderstorm Watch for Jefferson County until 7:00pm. https://t.co/kYy4yvEuln #stormtrack42 #alwx
RT @CBS_42: Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Cullman County until 2:15pm. https://t.co/kYy4yvEuln #stormtrack42 #alwx
RT @CBS_42: Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Blount and Etowah County until 2:15pm. https://t.co/kYy4yvEuln #stormtrack42 #alwx
RT @realDonaldTrump: Russia continues to say they had nothing to do with Meddling in our Election! Where is the DNC Server, and why didn’t…
St. Clair County Sheriff’s Office has confirmed the incident occurred at this location. We spoke off the record with the victim’s son in law and will share those details after we confirm the new info with the Sheriff’s Office. https://t.co/MISTUmgY1N
RT @CBS_42: 40 years later, the search for stolen Moundville prehistoric artifacts continues. @JackRoyer reports: https://t.co/pIgnPxNiRC
St. Clair County Sheriffs arrived here at about 2am today in response to a shooting. They found an injured 51 year old man and a deceased 49 year old woman. A 26 year old white man is in custody as a suspect. https://t.co/kPnIfRN6Ph
RT @CBS_42: The St. Clair County Sheriff's Office (SCCSO) arrested a man in connection with a double shooting that claimed the life of a 49…
St. Clair County Sheriff’s office is spearheading this investigation. Victims are 51 yo white male and 49 yo white female. https://t.co/Fw4nm6oJko
RT @GovernorKayIvey: My administration is very focused on economic opportunities for Alabamians; so, this Unipres announcement is great new…
Updated info from the ALEA. Daylee Ann Powell has been found. https://t.co/uWSUHrHk2Y
They found her! 		https://t.co/JoStBhU1mV
@chatta_girl Yes. Cullman County.
Here are the details regarding Daylee Ann Powell. Info courtesy of the Alabama Law Enforcement Agency Community Information Center. https://t.co/7PipqAOHJM
Please RT! The Cullman County Sheriff's Office needs help finding 13-year-old Daylee Ann Powell. Was reportedly last seen at her home yesterday at 4pm. https://t.co/DHSwBy0Aks
RT @thehill: GOP governor to sign $15 minimum wage into law in Massachusetts https://t.co/IHvG33E3C9 https://t.co/TWaskFY3wR
RT @dothaneagle: An Amber Alert has been issued for 13-year-old Daylee Ann Powell who was last seen in Cullman, AL. https://t.co/CjpOkyTksr…
I'm on this story today. if anybody has any information, contact the Cullman County Sheriff's Office ASAP. https://t.co/38fNyOcwiv
https://t.co/xLDjGId2OA		Crude oil prices reach $72.76 per barrel, highest since November of 2014.
RT @FoxNews: Alabama Attorney General Steve Marshall shares details on wife's suicide, mental illness https://t.co/jEZ5IljULF
RT @SpeakerRyan: In his decades of faithful service on the bench, Justice Kennedy has been a man of integrity and decency. He has earned th…
https://t.co/vdulzxQLbe		My report this evening on the Steve Marshall press conference.
Will be interesting to see if Trump will continue the trend of nominating a Supreme Court justice whose legal philosophy is based upon originalism. Many pundits seem to believe he will. https://t.co/pfKM8cEbuT
RT @senorrinhatch: Our Democrat colleagues entire strategy seems to be premised on the assumption that the American people don't understand…
RT @MartinHeinrich: Mitch McConnell broke the rules that made "advice and consent" real in the U.S. Senate because he was willing to do any…
Mayor Woodfin chimes in on travel ban which the Supreme Court approved in a 5-4 vote. https://t.co/SqexmXo6og
https://t.co/R4L6Jqyzsv		Such a tragic story. Alabama AG Steve Marshall held a press conference today confirming the death by suicide of his wife, Bridgette. This is my story tonight at 6.
RT @thehill: #BREAKING: Justice Kennedy retiring from Supreme Court https://t.co/XeniaT7KLB https://t.co/z67S0ysVTX
RT @thehill: Kagan accuses Supreme Court majority of weaponizing First Amendment in scathing dissent https://t.co/L54Vy95yzt https://t.co/c…
RT @thehill: Dem senator uses McConnell's own works to argue Senate shouldn't vote on new Supreme Court pick until after election https://t…
Justice Kennedy has traditionally served as the "swing vote" on the Supreme Court and would break the common 4-4 split between the other eight justices. If @POTUS nominates a more conservative judge to replace him, that will put the Supreme Court firmly into conservative hands.
Marshall: “It’s times like these that make me wonder why anyone would run for office. I️t makes others in their life public.”
Marshall questions if his decision to be Attorney General may have played a role. Says that will haunt him for the rest of his life.
When he spoke with her on the phone before hand, Marshall tells us he “talked to a person with no hope”
AG Marshall confirms wife’s death was a suicide — gunshot wound to the head
AG Steve Marshall addresses media regarding death of his wife. https://t.co/uNoYqKSRc2
Supreme Court upholds the ban with a 5-4 vote — along party lines. https://t.co/lMzGHuCXCm
Wonderful news for those families. Finally some closure. https://t.co/FKPykQplj2
RT @ReshadHudson: Statement from AL GOP Chairman @ChairmanLathan https://t.co/xtyCdBRCv4
RT @ReshadHudson: . @GovernorKayIvey releases statement on death of Bridgette Marshall, wife of AG Steve Marshall. https://t.co/VbhI76hwLy
RT @ReshadHudson: Attorney general candidate Troy King issuing a statement regarding AG Marshall wife’s death, sending his condolences and…
RT @ReshadHudson: #BREAKING: Alabama Attorney General Steve Marshall’s wife  Bridgette Marshall has passed away. Marshall’s office confirms…
https://t.co/jzwty7xxi9		A small, two man/single engine aircraft crash landed in Alexander City this morning and caught on fire. Thankfully, neither the pilot nor his grandson were seriously hurt. I'll be reporting live from the CBS 42 studio with this story tonight at 5:30pm CT
https://t.co/z5wsc8Gc09		Here is the https://t.co/Y9mOh0beqF page for the family in Cullman County.
Spoke to one family that lives about a tenth of a mile away from that destroyed home in Cullman. They said they had no warning, and by the time the tornado sirens went off, the tornado was already gone. Said the whole ordeal lasted only 5 mins. That’s my story at 6 and 10 tonight
This is the scene here in Cullman. A tornado touched down here last night and left this devastation behind. https://t.co/1KMgLBlGt5
Heading to Cullman today where a tornado touched down and caused major damage last night.
RT @SherriJackson42: Trees and power lines down in Cullman County.   A suspected tornado touched down in the Vinemont area.  EMA advising p…
RT @HillarySimonTV: We’re just entering Cullman County where there are reports of storm and tornado damage. Cullman EMA says 3 people, incl…
RT @HillarySimonTV: Just got to the scene where several people were reported injured in Cullman Co. due to the severe storm. This is on Cou…
RT @GovernorKayIvey: The package is sealed! We couldn’t be more proud to see @amazon select Alabama for one of its high-tech fulfillment ce…
Such a shame. Not many columnists can hold a candle to Charles Krauthammer. Whether you agree with his perspective or not, one cannot deny the profound impact he has left on modern political writing. https://t.co/9Z7v6vqJKo
RT @GovernorKayIvey: We must ensure our 3rd graders are reading at grade-level. My AL Campaign for Grade Level Reading is a way to make a l…
Will always share pieces by Dr. McCall. If you’ve never read his work, he’s truly one of the finest media analysts in the industry today. https://t.co/IC7QCMynHT
Outside the Shelby Ridge treatment facility. Chelsea Mayor  Tony Picklesimer announced yesterday that he hopes to buy this for $20 million. Chelsea City Council will vote on July 10. https://t.co/nxhRvtZQ95
Sunrise Memorial Gardens cemetery finally answered my call regarding the lack of upkeeping and poor condition of the property. “No comment” is what they told me today.
Just spoke to Mayor Picklesimer. The $20 million dollar offer to buy Shelby Ridge Utility Systems is the first step of what would be a long, but historic, legal process. That’s my story tonight at 5 and 6.
Apparently, the last business to come to Chelsea was an Applebee's in 2010. Mayor Picklesimer views these exorbitant sewer costs as a major deterrent for commercial businesses to set up shop in Chelsea.
https://t.co/YFP5L1sgh8		Last night, the Mayor of Chelsea, Tony Picklesimer, announced the city's intention to buy the sewer system that serves the town for $20 million. I'll be meeting with the Mayor in an hour to discuss the proposal.
Just saw this. Wow. Really puts GE's fall into perspective.		https://t.co/sN2RLrx23b
@mrjennings7 @POTUS https://t.co/7HiwLyo0gL !!!
Heading to cover this breaking news now. https://t.co/fEI8dDhAmC
Today we spoke to two leaders at HICA regarding the Trump zero tolerance policy. https://t.co/2mnfEZlNta
RT @AP: BREAKING: Judge: Kansas cannot require documentary proof of U.S. citizenship to register to vote.
@POTUS blaming Democrats for the illegal immigration issue. Has also been blaming Democrats for the policy to separate children from families at the border -- part of the "zero tolerance policy." That's my story tonight at 5 and 6. https://t.co/z9MIYhfzgb
RT @GovernorKayIvey: This morning, I’m glad to be joining fellow members of the National Space Council Users’ Advisory Group. With this bei…
RT @TwinkleforAL: Good update on how the 2018 Farm Bill will help bring broadband to more of rural America.		Expanding and improving high-s…
New live report from the Jefferson County Jail at 6pm. Will be sharing details from the official incident report I obtained from the Morris Police Department this morning.
I just went live from outside the Jefferson County Jail. Being held inside is Lt. Pete Williston who is charged with raping a 14 year old girl. He was moved here this afternoon per Morris Police Chief Michael Nazarchyk. I’ll be back live at 6. We’ll see if new details emerge. https://t.co/fsJWKO7ivg
Just got off the phone with Morris Police Chief Michael Nazarchyk. He says that Lt. Pete Williston was apprehended at the hospital this afternoon and taken into custody by Birmingham Police and UAB Police.
Morris Police Chief Michael Nazarchyk told me: “We know where Mr. Williston is and we plan to arrest him today.”
Here is the first page of the incident report I got from the Morris PD this morning regarding Pete Williston. https://t.co/HC95OANiQ5
Outside the Police Department in Morris, AL. This was the department that made the initial arrest of Birmingham Police Lt/PIO Pete Williston. https://t.co/2xG0goQ9lA
Fire in Birmingham at 2nd Ave North and Center Street North. Building was a daycare but is now unoccupied. Roughly 35 firefighters are on site. Birmingham FD tells me that the fire has been contained but they’re having a tough time getting inside because the fire is in the attic.
Today I'll be out and about covering SliceFest, Gip's Juke Joint Festival, and Funk Fest - Birmingham. Let me know if you'll be at any of these events as well! https://t.co/hbAbWDW4DU
Today, I went to the Sunrise Memorial Gardens cemetery in Pinson to see if the neglectful upkeeping has been redressed since @CamEdgeworth reported back in April. Spoiler: it hasn’t. 		https://t.co/iCKBO6yUHX
One of the first sights when you drive into Sunrise Memorial Gardens. Lots of scattered branches and displaced flowers here. https://t.co/Ae8gRKdSpy
Some are complaining about the condition of the Sunrise Memorial Gardens cemetery. There are reports of trash, downed trees, and flood damage everywhere. That's what we're looking into today. These photos were taken by @CamEdgeworth back in April. https://t.co/57gKLQnNEr
Wow. https://t.co/vsjgHxvzeE
A very nice piece on Tim Russert		https://t.co/XWZUmYK4NE
Here's my story from tonight. Jalen Hall, a high school football player, passed out while at football practice and slipped into a coma due to heatstroke. Here's what happened, and what you can do to stay safe during the hot and humid summer months.		https://t.co/wyQZ84aqH7
This is my story tonight at 6: Jalen Hall, heat stroke, and what you must do to stay safe during the hot and humid summer months. https://t.co/SnOIjNbBFf
We just talked to one doctor who told us about the dangers of heat stroke this time of year. Find ways to cool down and hydrate regularly.
@NationalAPSE conference in Birmingham starts today. Per the organization's website, APSE is "the only national organization with an exclusive focus on integrated employment and career advancement opportunities for individuals with disabilities." https://t.co/meNzcJoaQ0
https://t.co/wIw7FQl0sG		According to @gaspgroup Birmingham Mayor Randall Woodfin signed a pledge to commit Birmingham to 100% sustainable energy. First Alabama mayor to do so.
Here was my live report yesterday from Bessener on storm damage. The city is calling for non-perishable goods and volunteers. If you have any non-perishable goods to donate, you may drop them off at Jonesboro Elementary from 9am-2pm.		https://t.co/inCAUMzUqt
@JackRoyer @ChrisBreece Q-tips are also a valid substitute. Learned that from experience.
Gov. Kay Ivey offering her congratulations to @POTUS @realdonaldtrump for his summit talks with Kim Jong-Un https://t.co/HQyjJpLrSu
Some Amazon reps were saying at the CC meeting that it’s not quite a done deal yet. There are some legal formalities to work through. That being said, if all goes according to plan, Amazon could be breaking ground in Bessemer within a month.
Breaking: Bessemer City Council votes unanimously in favor of Amazon incentives package.
I’ll be live from Bessemer tonight at 6:00pm CT to talk about storm damage and the city’s rehabilitation efforts.
This fence post a mere 3 days ago was standing at an upright, 90 degree angle. I️t never stood a chance. https://t.co/YZMpPDzEFq
In Bessemer today looking at storm damage. This tree fell on this house right here, ripping away gutters and shingles. https://t.co/qeSkJ3fFVv
In a string of tweets this morning, @realDonaldTrump asserts his point that the United States has been treated unfairly for years when it comes to NATO funding, tariffs etc. He asserts that it is time for this to end. What will these changes mean for the average American? https://t.co/L0yLzePHa3
@TwinkleforAL continues her campaign as she is one hurdle away from becoming the state's new Lt. Governor. Has to get past @willboydforAL in the November general election first. https://t.co/Xo66jOxa4w
RT @JustinTrudeau: We will always stand up for Canadian workers, their jobs &amp; their livelihoods. Today at the @g7 I sat down with @realDona…
Wow. What a long and successful career he has had. https://t.co/2sVRitPfXL
Anthony Bourdain will truly be missed https://t.co/6p7fVIof3j
Prayers to the family. https://t.co/XEGtlplOb6
@Kyle_Keane Keane, you baby!
Thank you. As I have always said, University School will always be the place I got my start in television. Couldn't have gotten here without the Strnad program and USPN. https://t.co/B9zcfRM9IN
Suicide is something that impacts so many in our community. What must we do to truly combat depression and subsequently suicide? That’s my story tonight at 6pm CT. https://t.co/byIujvFn1U
My story from tonight. Bessemer, Alabama is on the brink of getting an Amazon distribution center, and the city is ready for the 1500+ jobs that will accompany it.		https://t.co/QuexEwqzYJ
Bessemer is on the brink of getting a massive @Amazon distribution center. What will this do for the city? That's my story at 6CT
In addition to those incentives, $3.1 million dollars will be going towards infrastructure compenastion.
Still more work to be done, and the parties need to sign on the dotted line. It is looking good though for a deal to be made. Will have a better idea next week.
Jefferson County Commission approved incentive package for @amazon to set up a fulfillment center in Bessemer. Looking at 1500-2000 jobs. Incentive will be based on number of employees and will come in the form of an occupational tax remit.
In case you missed it, here is my story on the death of Judge Sandra Storm. https://t.co/xn7etmuB7Y
Tweet from Ivanka Trump regarding Alice Johnson who has been released from prison here in Alabama. https://t.co/FNbPZHcfUj
RT @mclarkreports: Alice Johnson's attorney Michael Scholl just arrived at prison. He says his team has been told she's eligible for immedi…
RT @mclarkreports: Outside Federal Correctional Institution in Aliceville, Alabama where we expect Alice Johnson to be released today after…
Today I’m out covering the death of Judge Sandra Storm who served in the Family Courts for 25 years. Her friends call her “a force of nature” and a real “liver of life.” That’s my story tonight at 6ct.
@SueBellCobb has arrived at her campaign HQ https://t.co/JG0DJG6zOW
Back outside the @SueBellCobb campaign HQ. Still no remarks from the nominee hopeful or her staff. https://t.co/Gs6XmQuf5n
Me speaking with @TwinkleforAL at her reception in Montgomery. https://t.co/T4Nyfh38OC
Popped over to the @TwinkleforAL reception here at the Embassy Suites in Montgomery. https://t.co/lVjwK6HW28
As we approach the release of election results, I’m camped outside the @suebellcobb headquarters here in Montgomery. https://t.co/4KCEMcgiFK
On site here at Sue Bell Cobb’s HQ in Montgomery.
RT @ReshadHudson: We just caught up with Lt. Governor candidate (R) @TwinkleforAL as she casted her ballot. She says she’s feeling good abo…
Gubernatorial candidate Sue Bell Cobb on infrastructure: “Far too many things in Alabama are one disaster shy of getting the attention they deserve.”
Tomorrow I’ll be in Montgomery covering elections. I’m on Gov. candidate Sue Bell Cobb (D) and Lt. Gov candidate Twinkle Cavanaugh (R). Tweet me anything you want me to ask the candidates or their staffers tomorrow.
RT @BhamPolice: Welcome aboard Chief Patrick D. Smith. We look forward to your leadership! https://t.co/ScAgdF1SxU
Just spoke to Vestavia Hills Rep. Jack Williams. When asked about his pending indictment, Williams responded “I’m innocent.”
One of the biggest Supreme Court cases in the last few years has been decided https://t.co/ZKRUiP1cwg
Beyond excited for my first day at @CBS_42 today!
Big news that the summit is back on. Now, let’s see what gets accomplished. https://t.co/7Ao0R0uEfd
RT @CBSNews: Rep. Will Hurd says he thinks it would be a "terrible move" for President Trump to pardon himself. 		"I think people would eru…
The summit is back on! https://t.co/zCvwVycpc4
@margaretzeisig Thank you!
After 22 years of calling this city home, today marks my last day. Bye, Cleveland. It’s been a great ride. Next stop: Birmingham.
A very special thank you to @JenGriffinFNC for taking the time to chat with me this afternoon about the television news industry. Couldn't be more grateful for her insight and advice.
RT @PoliticalShort: South Korea: Kim Jong-un committed to denuclearization, meeting Trump. https://t.co/48Y0FPm0FP
Hi everyone! My new facebook page launched today. If you're interested, please give me a like so you can follow my work at CBS 42. Can't wait to get to Alabama! https://t.co/0S8jRBOrnT
Great to see the Holts back on American soil. https://t.co/uPdp1K4k4m
So awesome to see the station I interned at dominate the 25-54 demographic like this. Such an amazing newsroom to learn from. https://t.co/ePvsYOCsu9
RT @DePauw_Alumni: @RobertShermanTV @DePauwU Congrats!
Amazing commencement address by Vernon Jordan ‘57 https://t.co/kGansAUwYn
Commencement at @DePauwU — can’t believe we’re here already. https://t.co/i77PObAxfZ
RT @MartinRather: One source who I trust strongly is telling me that the substitute art teacher is the one teacher who is confirmed dead in…
RT @MartinRather: Sources are telling me here that the art teacher whose classroom was originally targeted in the #SantaFeShooting was a su…
Thoughts? Is this real diplomacy developing between the US and North Korea, or is it just a showpiece by Supreme Leader Kim Jong Un? If the former, this is a big announcement. https://t.co/0vJM4qw2FK
Thankful to have three American detainees coming home from North Korea. https://t.co/ongTdrvZjK
RT @Prof_McCall: The examples and case studies in the book now showing some age, but the themes and rhetorical underpinnings still relevant…
Do you think your students remember the definition of puffery and that no reasonable person would ever take it seriously? https://t.co/LKUswHd8XO
More details come out every day. Still cannot believe it. I miss you, Dorogi. https://t.co/vExVsQA5Fw
A sigh of relief. https://t.co/1S8CWIh9v6
@Mo_Fro3 @DePauwU Believe it
@JackRoyer Thank you, Jack!
RT @FoxNews: Moments ago, President @realDonaldTrump responded to music icon @kanyewest, who today said that he loves the president and con…
@CoachBFen Thanks a lot Coach Fenlon!!
@RubenAHidalgo Thanks, Ruben!!
So excited to announce that I signed my first TV contract the other day and am heading to CBS 42 as a reporter after graduation! https://t.co/NYpNHYRNfd
Pretty straight to the point https://t.co/TmtMDfwJhC
RT @TreyYingst: NEW: Democratic Senator Heidi Heitkamp will vote 'yes' to confirm Mike Pompeo as Secretary of State, she says in a statement
RT @TreyYingst: President Trump:		“I will be meeting with Kim Jong Un in the coming weeks."
Jenna Fischer event at DePauw University interrupted by protesters https://t.co/d0MRMBmLLf
RT @TreyYingst: NEW: Five locations are under consideration for Trump's meeting with Kim Jong Un, according to President Trump
It has just been reported that @seanhannity is Michael Cohen’s mysterious 3rd client. https://t.co/zR3KsQ6mxD
RT @Prof_McCall: Always great to start the @DePauwU academic week with a quiz in media law class.  Students are always surprised to know th…
RT @SenShelby: Today I questioned @CFPB Acting Director Mick Mulvaney about ways to improve accountability and transparency at the CFPB dur…
RT @FoxNews: Fire erupts at Trump Tower in New York City https://t.co/V0SMyno1bu
@PressSec official statement regarding "Catch and Release" https://t.co/NQ8GV6KnyI
RT @ddale8: Here's Trump's public schedule for today. (Public schedules don't include all of a president's activities.) https://t.co/5IctZJ…
President Trump to Consider $100 Billion Increase in China Tariffs https://t.co/riZ3676HXB
RT @realDonaldTrump: WE WILL PROTECT OUR SOUTHERN BORDER! https://t.co/Z7fqQKcnez
Shares reportedly opened at $165.90 per @WSJ https://t.co/mdy2MZ1LTi
RT @TreyYingst: I spoke with Roger Stone this afternoon about the email saying he dined with Assange.		"At the end of the day it's not what…
RT @TreyYingst: ---&gt; President Trump will meet with Japanese Prime Minister Abe on April 17-18 at Mar-a-Lago, according to the White House
“No More DACA Deal” says @POTUS per @WSJ https://t.co/pj3cqB8TCO
Hah! https://t.co/svHB64d0Lr
RT @CNN: The Trump administration will no longer seek to automatically release pregnant immigrants from detention -- a move in line with th…
Very interesting https://t.co/4AIH2ts8za
The attorney representing #StormyDaniels was seen holding up a CD supposedly filled with evidence that will incriminate @realDonaldTrump. When he was questioned and asked if he was bluffing on @CBSThisMorning he said "Ask the people I have litigated against in the past 15 years." https://t.co/jBCrlRRNKg
It was wonderful to be back in my hometown of Cleveland, Ohio for a couple of days to see some old @univschool friends and classmates. Today, I am in Birmingham, Alabama for my first visit to "The Magic City."
Still in disbelief that all of this happened to my friend. So thankful I was able to attend the services this past weekend — most beautiful ceremony I have ever seen. Love you always, Dorogi. https://t.co/O7vOl4tOmP
@KenOwenPR @DePauwU Thank you, Ken! Couldn’t ask for a better mentor!
@aaronadmirals @Columbia Thanks Aaron! Hope all is well!
Thank you! https://t.co/EW8BB27Rxt
@KPRC2Brandon @columbiajourn Thank you Brandon! Can’t thank you enough for all of your help and mentoring!
So honored to have been accepted to @Columbia School of Journalism today. Thank you to everyone for all of their support!
The United States received a “D+” on its infrastructure report card from the ASCE. https://t.co/RbbT2Oqnez
Wow. Just wow. Had no idea this was going on. Good work by @TheDePauw  https://t.co/bE0cVIoKuo
RT @mirandareporter: Proud of students @thedepauw for exposing @depauwu effort to shut down campus sources of information: Editorial: Admin…
Wow. Powerful. https://t.co/4MTBkNxTQC
With Tillerson out as Secretary of State, the turnover in the cabinet of @realDonaldTrump continues. When will it stabilize?
RT @RyGuy002: Got into the History Honors Society and my senior thesis is up for the Senior Showcase. What alternative universe am I in?
Case closed...for now. Rep. Adam Schiff is not satisfied. https://t.co/DsuCgIux9E
RT @realDonaldTrump: THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE HAS, AFTER A 14 MONTH LONG IN-DEPTH INVESTIGATION, FOUND NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION OR…
RT @realDonaldTrump: North Korea has not conducted a Missile Test since November 28, 2017 and has promised not to do so through our meeting…
Wild that this past summer I was helping @CNBC cover his trial and I was in the courtroom when he was convicted. Now, Shkreli has been sentenced to 7 years in prison for fraud. https://t.co/ZzhwaX9ewy
@bruins_go The gig is called “pre-employment” haha
Views from the rooftop bar at the Mayo Hotel in downtown Tulsa, Oklahoma. https://t.co/7bQkN4hyoX
Making my first trip to the state of Oklahoma today. Excited to explore Tulsa!
I can vouch for this. After terrible traffic, I walked into the airport at 5:35am for my 6am flight. Had no business making my flight...but somehow I did. Most efficient airport I have ever experienced. https://t.co/M3wDfVZawQ
RT @zacharybasu: Former Russian double agent Sergei Skripal and his daughter are now believed to have been poisoned with a nerve agent. htt…
Well...things just got rather interesting https://t.co/uMqYyrVkQe
Was such a great experience having @Fahrenthold facetime into our journalism class and chat with us about covering @realDonaldTrump
Well deserved https://t.co/R3CtNKsFfz
RT @JohnKasich: Looking forward to my State of the State speech on Tuesday in my hometown of Westerville. https://t.co/sYFS0pdpJN
"Common sense gun laws make sense." https://t.co/h0sCepaX78
RT @DavidBegnaud: BREAKING: Amendment to ban assault weapons just failed in the Florida senate. Immediately afterward, members stood to obs…
RT @marcorubio: This is what Nicolás Maduro &amp; his criminal cronies have done to #Venezuela.A rich nation,with highly educated people &amp; one…
RT @OmarVillafranca: A morning rainbow over  #Parkland Florida greets teachers/staff as they return to work at #StonemanDouglas HS https://…
@Andre_Payne13 Welcome to Greek Life my man.
RT @thehill: Canada threatens to retaliate if Trump imposes massive new tariffs https://t.co/HgT4Pz7hA6 https://t.co/SAlHRqxsCw
Startling https://t.co/nhGGcAjLAr
RT @funder: Stock market is getting pummeled following Trump’s tariff announcement, down 500 points and counting. Wake up, GOP! The stock m…
Very interesting. https://t.co/ssLYZZOZxz
RT @PressSec: Tax cuts, booming economy, and jobless claims lowest in half-century. Reporters who are focused on palace intrigue are missin…
RT @TreyYingst: NEW: President Trump says the US will impose steel and aluminum tariffs next week		Steel: 25%		Aluminum: 10%
RT @TreyYingst: NEW: Trump administration approves the sale of 210 anti-tank missiles to Ukraine, the State Department announces
RT @weareiowa5news: The Iowa Senate voted 30-20 Wednesday night on a bill that would ban abortions once a heartbeat is detected.	https://t.…
Had such a wonderful time in Des Moines. Back to Greencastle!
RT @KenOwenPR: Sam Showalter '18 Awarded Summer Fellowship at the National Institute of Standards and Technology @DePauwU https://t.co/KOQJ…
The Birthplace of Aviation #Proud https://t.co/InfeMjNJEV
Real pleasure to see the Iowa Statehouse and to shadow @ACKrenz today in Des Moines. https://t.co/obT88fusu4
So cool. Wish I could attend. https://t.co/Q9OHOFV9lk
RT @FoxNews: .@HillaryClinton accuses President @realDonaldTrump of 'surrender' over Russian election interference https://t.co/dN1pNLYsfI…
RT @CNBC: According to Kensho, if the U.S. Dollar Index rises 1% or greater in February, that generally suggests losses by the end of the y…
Excited for my first trip to Des Moines, Iowa today
RT @TreyYingst: NEW: President Trump will welcome French President Emmanuel Macron to the White House on April 24th, according to @PressSec
RT @JohnKasich: The world needs to hold Assad accountable for the vicious attacks on the Syrian people.
@CNN has apparently fired back claiming this accusation is false...only time will tell. https://t.co/U2YZZUamei
@BarackObama offering support and encouragement to the young protestors advocating  for gun reform. https://t.co/3ZPFViPYUz
RT @AP: BREAKING: Grand jury indicts Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens on felony invasion of privacy charges stemming from an affair in 2015.
RT @FoxNews: .@PressSec: "One of the places where you guys seem to get very confused, and it seems to happen regularly: @POTUS hasn't said…
RT @Abiel_Cantu: Going through lockdown protocol at work was too real. I joined the army knowing I could one day find myself being shot at…
RT @KenOwenPR: Jenna Fischer, Pam from 'The Office,' coming to Indiana and taking questions @DePauwU #UbbenLecture https://t.co/EpULUa2lA9…
RT @KenOwenPR: Actress &amp; Author Jenna Fischer of 'The Office' Coming to DePauw for April 17 Ubben Lecture @DePauwU #UbbenLecture @IndyStar…
RT @FoxNews: John Kelly, Chinese officials caused commotion over nuclear football in Beijing, report says https://t.co/STfI9i6xZI
RT @Tom_Winter: The indictment against the 13 Russians is incredibly specific and detailed. If true, it provides irrefutable proof of payme…
RT @FoxNews: Bobby Chacon on Florida school shooting: "This is the nightmare of every law enforcement officer or investigator when you thin…
He's back. @MittRomney is running for Senate. https://t.co/JMlfLyHVkY
Photos of me with former US Sen. Dick Lugar (R-IN) and former US Rep. Lee Hamilton (D-IN). What a fun night! https://t.co/s3veoQ20tv
@invis_prison Great quote. Thanks for sharing!
“Civility is essential to democracy.” So thankful for the opportunity to meet former US Rep. Lee… https://t.co/9QxdLUehTw
Former US Rep. Lee Hamilton (D-IN): “What worries me today about the judicial branch is politicization.”
Lee Hamilton: “Money talks. And it talks big time in American politics.”
Former US Rep. Lee Hamilton (D-IN) to an audience at @DePauwU regarding democracy: ”Don’t give up on the system. It’s worked for over 200 years. What’s the alternative? There isn’t any. We’ve got to make the system work.”
@Prof_McCall cited in a Fox News piece regarding Joy Behar’s comments on “The View” regarding Pence’s religious beliefs. https://t.co/kOVrcZy2kj
RT @KenOwenPR: Prof. Jeff McCall Questions Why The View Falls Under ABC's News Division @DePauwU @Prof_McCall https://t.co/mfV7QzFRIa https…
Excited to have a round table discussion with former US Sen. Richard Lugar (R-IN) and Former US Rep. Lee Hamilton (D-IN) this afternoon.
RT @marcorubio: Just spoke to Broward School Superintendent. Today is that terrible day you pray never comes.
RT @CBSNews: Sen. Dick Durbin says Olympic snowboarder Chloe Kim wouldn't be where she is today under President Trump's proposed immigratio…
RT @MittRomney: With Jon Huntsman’s passing, we lose a Lion of Utah. Ann and I will profoundly miss our good friend’s broad smile, his hear…
RT @NBCPolitics: NEW: Mitt Romney will announce his campaign for a Senate seat in Utah with a video message to supporters on Thursday, two…
RT @CNBC: Wells Fargo faces grilling from Sen. Warren on bungled fee refunds https://t.co/InDcc9xBKx
I’ve read a few reports saying that Kelly’s position in the cabinet is “rock solid” — will be interesting to see if that holds true. https://t.co/P1P4aldHq7
RT @JohnKasich: Fixing DACA should take congress 6 minutes, not 6 months. It's time for them to step up, get it done, and send it to the Pr…
RT @DailyCaller: POLL: Republicans Overtake Democrats Heading Into Midterms https://t.co/06uaRd1YlD https://t.co/mjlJ6xqRnO
Trump approval rating on the incline: https://t.co/sjZInbmssG
RT @piersmorgan: Great to be on your show again @TuckerCarlson - just wish it had been in more edifying circumstances. 🤢🤢@FoxNews https://t…
Word of the day: tumultuous. https://t.co/ncjx4hzjOI
RT @AndrewCraft: It doesn't get more "Vegas" than this...Marriage license kiosk opens up at Vegas airport in time for Valentine's Day https…
RT @finnygo: Being told by a senior WH source that the rumors and chatter speculating about an imminent Cos John Kelly departure for a Gary…
RT @johnrobertsFox: Sources tell @FoxNews  POTUS’ outside counsel is building a legal argument AGAINST @realDonaldTrump sitting for an inte…
Worth the read. Former US Rep Lee Hamilton (IN) writes: "Straightforward, responsible journalism is an indispensable public asset, a cornerstone of democratic life." https://t.co/RDvmq1aiE6
RT @AP: BREAKING: In live TV address, Netanyahu says police recommendations against him will "end with nothing"
Oh boy...here we go https://t.co/Dnox2DVBFq
RT @RichardEngel: . @NBCNews confirms the Iranian drone the Israeli air force shot down yesterday was a copy of the American UAV captured b…
RT @finnygo: NEW: White House speechwriter out after allegations of abuse vs his former wife that he vehemently denies. @RajShah45 statemen…
RT @JohnKasich: I appreciate the call earlier today from President Trump who offered his support for Westerville and the families of our tw…
RT @Acosta: A retired general who served with COS Kelly in Iraq: "I don’t recognize Kelly." On Kelly's handling of Porter, "I don’t get it.…
RT @Sen_JoeManchin: Unsurprisingly #WV shoulders the highest per-capita economic burden due to the opioid crisis. This is yet another reaso…
RT @Sen_JoeManchin: The first job fair I hosted in 2015 was in partnership with Procter &amp; Gamble in Martinsburg. I am thrilled that they co…
One of few Senators we have in the past year actively working across the aisle. https://t.co/MYlg96QHf2
RT @NBCNews: LIVE: House Minority Leader Pelosi's speech on DACA and Dreamers stretches into 5th hour https://t.co/AsVYiqjeHK
RT @alanhe: Senator Kennedy (R-LA) on the military parade story: "Confidence is silent. Insecurities are loud. When you are the most powerf…
RT @johnrobertsFox: QUESTION:  France has a big military parade every Bastille Day.  France is considered neither authoritarian nor warmong…
A statement from @POTUS regarding the Super Bowl game today. https://t.co/3GZ0MHKbXV
RT @FoxNews: Ben Stein: "Everybody sneered and laughed when @realDonaldTrump said he was being wiretapped - but he was being wiretapped." #…
RT @BretBaier: ICYMI: My full interview with @DevinNunes https://t.co/MmMxc0GT8U #SpecialReport
RT @USAlumniAssoc: Thanks to Lorie Arnold from our Shaker Food Service staff who shared this beautiful photo of the Tower at dusk last nigh…
Per the newly released memo: This is "a troubling breakdown of legal processes established to protect the American people from abuses related to the FISA process.’’
RT @TheIJR: Nunes memo claims Christopher Steele told former Associate Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohs, whose wife worked for Fusion GPS,…
@Comey name dropping Joe McCarthy in one of his last tweets. https://t.co/vUwR5h9LjP
RT @SpeakerRyan: Thank you, @POTUS, for joining @HouseGOP and @SenateGOP today and for laying out a bold agenda for 2018. https://t.co/cmPh…
RT @zacharybasu: "Now we've fulfilled far more promises than we promised...I call it promises plus." https://t.co/rYVeTdqClc
RT @JoeManchinWV: Joe won't stop until we end the opioid epidemic that's ravaging West Virginia. #wvpol #wvsen https://t.co/GP4N1sVBOC
RT @JoeManchinWV: I've always done what's best for #WV. No one else controls my votes and my record shows that. Do you really think the peo…
RT @FoxNews: BREAKING NEWS: Fox News confirms @POTUS is expected to declassify FISA memo. https://t.co/C7AeDW65aj
RT @BretBaier: .@FoxNews confirms SC GOP Congressman Trey Gowdy, who announced this week he would not seek re-election, turned down a nomin…
Big news as @TGowdySC announces his intention to retire from Congress. Per the announcement, Gowdy plans to return to the justice system. https://t.co/QyNpvSsW7F
RT @FoxNews: .@PeteSessions on the GOP train incident: "I know probably 200 members of Congress and Senators are on the train." https://t.c…
One fatality reported. The GOP members were heading to the Greenbrier Resort in White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia. https://t.co/6JcavJfAaj
RT @HouseGOP: We are LIVE to discuss how everyday Americans are winning because of tax reform and how we must prioritize military… https://…
RT @CNBC: Dow briefly drops more than 300 points before bouncing back slightly as sell-off continues https://t.co/scDaWoOH1k https://t.co/F…
RT @ReutersBiz: LATEST: UnitedHealth, Pfizer, Abbvie are top drags to the S&amp;P 500 health care index $UNH $PFE https://t.co/ZhSFQoZ7jZ
RT @nikkihaley: I have always loved the Grammys but to have artists read the Fire and Fury book killed it. Don’t ruin great music with tras…
“I just signed your death warrant” — powerful. https://t.co/gamiGOjNkb
Uh-oh...here we go.		https://t.co/CfEctyvLFp
Special thank you to @jonathanserrie for chatting with me this afternoon and for giving me his take on my career prospects. Also, a special thank you to his producer, David, for his thoughts as well!
RT @Allen_Reid: Morning sunrise @kprc2 https://t.co/7FrRPkxeYF
That's $20 billion...with a "b" https://t.co/sgglSzTw2q
RT @RED_GerryW: As with any sweeping federal legislation, this tax overhaul has winners and losers. Affordable Housing growth forecasted to…
RT @MarkMuro1: "The 53 largest metro areas (with pop over 1m) have accounted for fully 93% of nation's pop growth since 2010...and 96.4% si…
Strong words from Former Ambassador to the UN @AmbJohnBolton https://t.co/hQ4H2N3Msi
@zacharybasu @SecureDemocracy Saw that. Very peculiar.
Just in case anyone was wondering, here are some of the top hashtags used on Twitter in the past few days. Pretty interesting list. (Photo courtesy of @SecureDemocracy). https://t.co/eCSv2RLsJB
Pence and GOP claim victory as the #shutdown comes to an end. https://t.co/IaxKvmVLVg
@JamesAliza @business Couldnt agree more
Government will reopen. Media is describing this as a “blink” by Democrats.
RT @Acosta: Trump world and WH sources dancing in end zone: “Trump wins again... “ Schumer and Dems “caved... gambled and lost.”
Great work @PGDelaney1 https://t.co/KHatopoepP
RT @FoxNews: .@NancyPelosi: "I just want to say something to our men and women in uniform, we in Congress take an oath to protect and defen…
RT @business: Catalonia finds its independence drive was costly for its economy https://t.co/nwtHHY5Oyp https://t.co/KPvG0ku0Ed
RT @NoahFromson: Big crowd at Women's March in downtown Grand Rapids @wzzm13 https://t.co/kDrmIkdR62
RT @frankthorp: McConnell: "This shutdown was a political miscalculation of gargantuan proportions, but it doesn't need to go on any longer…
RT @Acosta: Schumer on Trump: “he can’t take yes for an answer.”
RT @JenGriffinFNC: In case you missed it... how many Americans are still being held hostage? @foxnews https://t.co/4kbbqJ5wlJ
RT @connellmcshane: This doctor suggests football should eliminate opposing down linemen to cut down on concussions. Under his plan, offens…
RT @adamhousley: Realizing a shutdown is frustrating and shows that both parties have a severe divide and disconnect, I find it interesting…
@lovemyjessica22 There was a shutdown caused by me??? I had no idea I was that powerful...
RT @MeetThePress: ON #MTP: "You know that ad was created by an outside group... it's not done from people working inside the White House,"…
Gridlock in Congress always creates losers...one way or the other. https://t.co/BHWbadi9F8
RT @ABC: NEW: Sen. John McCain on government shutdown: “As Republicans and Democrats run to cable news to point fingers and assign blame, t…
RT @PressSec: Letter from Secretary Mattis to our great military on #SchumerShutdown 	"Steady as she goes - hold the line. I know our Natio…
As reported by @LelandVittert both sides are both angry about the shutdown and pointing fingers across the aisle. https://t.co/rVsAq4Q3Gx
@MrBlabberinHead Appreciate the shout out! Sports are now my side gig but I’d love to do a game or two this semester...definitely miss it
RT @joshledermanAP: SANTIAGO, Chile (AP) - Pope begs forgiveness from Chileans for 'irreparable damage' done to children who have been sexu…
This will be interesting to follow today. https://t.co/DuXH7wAJdM
RT @CNN: These lawmakers were in the Trump immigration meeting. Here's what they had to say. https://t.co/nfxkjegA2O https://t.co/vR0lkq6OF4
Will be interesting to see if/how much his support wavers in that area. https://t.co/LnjEXFuavS
The #resist movement continues https://t.co/f6ct457bEk
Had to see it while in Boston today! https://t.co/BGzVKBwvgH
In Providence, Rhode Island today. Excited to see some of New England!
RT @BretBaier: That’s another big GOP seat - one that was being targeted by Dems and another CA GOP retirement - Dems need 25 for House maj…
@Scotus This is big, especially in light of the Gill v. Whitford case at the @SCOTUS right now		https://t.co/e2t2ezLuY9
Spending this morning in the Harrisburg/York/Lancaster area then continuing the trek east.
It’s a start!		North and South Korea Begin Talks https://t.co/dPrr5dlxeX
RT @fox43: Two injured after firefighters battled flames on top floor of Trump Tower in New York City https://t.co/3g68JgsiaU https://t.co/…
RT @BretBaier: It’s still early for the 45th though. https://t.co/L3O7QogKaC
@Rob94770942 Oh yeah, they sure did! The video in the article itself actually shows the name-drawing unfold.
@JohnKasich is right. After all, a free press is a protection granted by the first amendment and is essential to Democracy. https://t.co/FZcRVWseTM
I have never seen anything this wild.		NBC News: Republican wins tied Virginia House race after random drawing https://t.co/kf8nZ8kveq
DOW just hit 25,000. What an impressive milestone. https://t.co/OwShSFfXBb
Let's not forget that, in spite of Romney's comments, @POTUS DID interview @MittRomney for the Secretary of State position on Trump's cabinet. https://t.co/7uMnAYuno8
@bruins_go Actually, yeah! Fun little town. Now in Louisville. I’ll be in your neck of the woods next week.
RT @FoxNewsResearch: Chicago Homicides →	•2017: 650 homicides	•Down from 771 in 2016	•The first back-to-back years with 600+ homicides sinc…
RT @davelevinthal: 2018 is the first year since 1799 during which nobody born in the 1800s is alive.
@JonathanCoffin Yes it does!
Excited to spend the afternoon in Charleston, West Virginia today! First time visiting.
RT @OANN: Pres. Trump Accuses Pakistan Of Aiding Terrorists, Threatens To Cut Off Funding - https://t.co/48b3dw9a7o #OANN https://t.co/kBKp…
Shades of Reagan’s “Government is the problem” philosophy https://t.co/Tc3H56quCJ
What? https://t.co/G8HimrlVlH
Corey Coleman should be sent to New York tonight to help Ryan Seacrest drop the ball
RT @sportspickle: Fun Fact: The Browns spent the 15th overall pick on Corey Coleman.
0-16. Why am I still a fan? Pittsburgh didn’t have Big Ben, Bell, or Brown today, and Cleveland still found a way to lose. I’ve never seen anything so laughably terrible.
@Andre_Payne13 Don’t remind us
RT @realDonaldTrump: My deepest condolences to the victims of the terrible shooting in Douglas County @DCSheriff, and their families. We lo…
RT @BretBaier: As we end 2017 - I am incredibly blessed to have a beautiful, loving and healthy family and… https://t.co/pQ0ldJA6RH
RT @MSNBC: NYT: Australian allies alerted U.S. of Papadopoulos and Russia https://t.co/AHynQiS05O https://t.co/8DaCavTnij
Cleveland holds the #7 spot! https://t.co/yIiQrcv0N2
RT @JohnKasich: If we want our young people to be ready for the next generation of jobs, we need to get them prepared now. This new law is…
RT @CBSNews: President Trump says there won't be protection for young immigrants brought into the country illegally unless he gets funding…
RT @FoxNews: .@timkaine's Son Sentenced to Probation Over Post-Trump Rally Arrest https://t.co/oxUacCnIfa
@POTUS Trump's approval rating sits at 46% -- very similar to @BarackObama after one year. Important to note that this is only one poll. Thus, the subsequent question: is this poll an accurate representation of American sentiments towards the President or is this an errant stat? https://t.co/lUeJ2nI2aY
RT @FoxNews: Ari Aramesh on @POTUS' first year in office: "Our allies are worried about us and our enemies no longer envy us." @IngrahamAng…
RT @BretBaier: There’s something really pure about the joy of catching a fish on a boat early in the morning! https://t.co/xIVNF58QqJ
RT @OANN: Mexican Drug Lord Arrested in Brazil - https://t.co/G59304lSeN #OANN https://t.co/tA6uQx4rym
RT @FoxNews: .@GDouglasJones certified as winner of Alabama Senate race https://t.co/drLfMie4zV
I can’t believe this was an issue to begin with...Jones won by a fairly substantial margin. https://t.co/bsdm3oKB1B
RT @realDonaldTrump: Caught RED HANDED - very disappointed that China is allowing oil to go into North Korea. There will never be a friendl…
An impressive number for @POTUS and the military. https://t.co/qlKfdEGlJL
RT @OANN: N.Y. Gov. Cuomo Pardons 61 Prisoners, Many of Them Illegal Immigrants - https://t.co/vEYfyrIAvm #OANN https://t.co/5nEpebqERS
RT @PressSec: People all across America will do better under the new tax plan. Great news just before Christmas. https://t.co/TjWRSI8CdC
RT @BretBaier: This - as I mentioned in recent days - is a big deal. https://t.co/PhMhtQVgDL
RT @KimStrassel: Cable/broadcasters ignore a Obama-scandal story that has a lot more on-the-record sources than they usually can find. A de…
Dad just got a “Certificate of Recognition” from @DuPont_News today. 40 years of service. Couldn’t be more proud of him.
RT @ZekeJMiller: WASHINGTON (AP) - Government shutdown averted as Senate passes stopgap spending bill, sends it to Trump for his signature.
@MartinSavidge what advice do you have for a college TV reporter about to launch his career? Ultimately I’m hoping to work in D.C. and cover politics as a correspondent.
RT @nikkihaley: Referencing tomorrow's UN vote criticizing the US embassy move. In the words of the President, "Let them vote against us, w…
RT @nikkihaley: At the UN we're always asked to do more &amp; give more. So, when we make a decision, at the will of the American ppl, abt wher…
RT @KJRH2HD: Al Franken's last day in the Senate will be Jan. 2.	https://t.co/1qcVXiWVOM https://t.co/5VFn4jfKSu
Boeing, AT&amp;T, and now Fifth Third — the list is rapidly growing. https://t.co/l5z69kGLwJ
Some Republicans are concerned the tax plan was rushed and that middle class workers in NY, CT, CA etc will suffer. 12 Republicans voted AGAINST tax reform — not a single Democrat supported it.
Want to know how the GOP tax plan will affect you? Check out this link courtesy of the @WSJ -- found out my taxes are going down 3%. 		https://t.co/foSuFuQXmb
AT&amp;T already capitalizing on the new tax plan -- and the ink isn't even dry. https://t.co/Z3hqdB1FyN
GOP and Trump just passed the first major tax overhaul since Reagan's presidency -- 1986.
Haha love it https://t.co/SiwMjEkA60
https://t.co/mVEbvWCfcA
For everybody on Twitter who doesn't vote because they believe that "one vote won't make a difference" this one is for you:		https://t.co/3eZAy2mA7K
Big year for the Dow Jones Industrial. https://t.co/C6FmIsvDBR
#Stuffed https://t.co/LNbRqUi9ja
RT @Andrew_Gribble: Huge goal-line stand by the Browns keeps the Ravens off the board. 3 straight plays at the 1, and Baltimore gets nothin…
RT @PressSec: Can confirm @POTUS and President Putin spoke today. Readout from the WH coming shortly. https://t.co/EzRhqM52d8
RT @AP_Politics: The Kremlin says Russian President Vladimir Putin has called President Donald Trump to thank him for a CIA tip that has he…
RT @W7VOA: Kremlin says #Russia President Putin thanks @POTUS for intelligence from @CIA that thwarted terrorist attack on Kazansky Cathedr…
RT @jamiedupree: Deputy AG Rosenstein tells House Judiciary Committee he has not seen cause to fire Special Counsel Robert Mueller
RT @BretBaier: Text-from Peter Strzok to Lisa Page (Andy is Andrew McCabe): "I want to believe the path u threw out 4 consideration in Andy…
RT @BretBaier: Well -You didn’t listen.  I said all three were different.  But the last three candidates he backed -lost.  The first one Lu…
RT @FoxNews: Roy Moore suggested a possible recount after his projected loss in the #AlabamaSenateElection "We...know that God is always in…
RT @pdoocy: NEW: Judge Roy Moore wants to wait - in 1st remarks to election night HQ, says votes are still coming in. Campaign chair says i…
RT @CoreyEalons: No concession from Roy Moore. Says votes are still coming in. Urged media to talk with the AL Sec. of State. My goodness.…
Ohio Governor @JohnKasich chimes in: https://t.co/eP1g1NE56t
RT @BretBaier: .@FoxNews can now project that #DougJones will defeat Republican #RoyMoore to become the first Alabama Democrat in a quarter…
Moore isn't conceding. @pdoocy reporting that Moore and staff are holding out for a recount should the final margin fall within 0.5%
RT @AP: BREAKING: Democrat Doug Jones won election to the U.S. Senate from Alabama in a sharp blow to President Trump that narrows the GOP’…
RT @AP: BREAKING: Democrat Doug Jones wins election as U.S. senator from Alabama. @AP race call at 10:23 p.m. EST. #AlabamaElection #APrace…
RT @CoreyEalons: If tradition holds the vote count is about to slow down dramatically in Alabama. Here’s the precincts in: Jefferson 122/17…
Not looking good for Moore. It's not about votes counted, it's about votes remaining. https://t.co/eAt1TL2vTH
Emerson poll gives Moore a 9pt advantage. This big gap (19%) adequately sums up the tumult in this race. https://t.co/4EpSWuWdIl
RT @CBSNews: Thousands of people commute through Port Authority each day. At this time we are hearing of at least one person injured in the…
RT @FDNY: Update: A total of 4 injuries reported at the scene of an explosion at Port Authority. All injuries are non-life-threatening
RT @FoxNews: Port Authority explosion leaves several injured, reports say https://t.co/ZUlCYV7RRU
RT @FoxNews: One person in custody after an explosion near New York City’s Port Authority Bus Terminal during Monday morning’s rush hour ht…
Yep. Spot on. https://t.co/Uf1VLvcrDz
...surprisingly relevant. https://t.co/t0LkaKfVzl
RT @foxnewspolitics: Sen. Al Franken, D-Minn., announces he will be resigning
@DePauwU President @DMarkMcCoy appeared in the @washingtonpost today to give his take on #DACA https://t.co/BLosk884o6
RT @SpeakerRyan: For the first time since 1986, both the House and Senate have passed a major overhaul of our tax code. I look forward to a…
The plot thickens https://t.co/brCSowWzmW
Fox swept in total viewership this past Thursday from 4-11pm https://t.co/GKoWPut67f
RT @BobPisani: Markets grapple with tug-of-war between tax cuts and Trump's legal woes https://t.co/uJmxTiy6qj https://t.co/ENJc4VKhdc
RT @AP_Politics: BREAKING: Secretary of State Tillerson says reports that the White House is considering a plan to oust him are "laughable."
RT @ABC: "Zero tolerance means consequences, for everyone," @NancyPelosi says. "No matter how great the legacy, it's no license to harass o…
RT @brithume: Rep. Conyers hospitalized amid sexual misconduct allegations https://t.co/mAZqdUPlea
RT @BretBaier: Wow —. The jury has found Garcia Zarate NOT GUILTY of the murder of Kate Steinle.
Congrats on the award from the National Press Foundation @BretBaier! Couldn't go to a more deserving guy. @DePauwSigs are very proud #UncommonSuccess
https://t.co/PqYTVpHB2D
We almost have that... https://t.co/nw3ttt08ix
The most important thing I have learned in my Public Finance class this semester is the definition of the word "struthious" which means "of or relating to an ostrich." More pointedly, to have one's head buried in the sand.
RT @CillizzaCNN: On Sunday, Pelosi called Conyers an "icon" and said she didn't know any of the accusers.		Today, she calls on him to resig…
Wow! Powerful coming from Pelosi. Next few days should be very telling. https://t.co/pUpkjkOpZi
RT @BretBaier: Thoughts on the show?   Suggestions?  A really busy -crazy day where the rundown for the show changed at least 20 times. Kud…
DePauw surprisingly gets a mention in this @nytimes piece — Endowments Boom as Colleges Bury Earnings Overseas https://t.co/N7sQ1NV5sz
[Almost] Victors Valiant #DillyDilly @ Ann Arbor, Michigan https://t.co/qkbXrwITss
Conyers steps down https://t.co/GYxDIdHfZY
It was a great break spent at home with friends and family. Back to DePauw today!
Tweet of the year https://t.co/trH8Gm9hAE
Game Day. #GoBlue
RT @karynmaughan: BREAKING: Appeal Court says there are NO compelling reasons that justify #OscarPistorius getting less than 15 years - and…
This was the lead story on "The Underreported" this past week. Check out our coverage here: https://t.co/4dwl1VNMBC https://t.co/WO68gYTpco
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone and their families!
RT @comcast: We do not and will not block, throttle, or discriminate against lawful content. We will continue to make sure that our policie…
RT @AjitPaiFCC: Happy #Thanksgiving! Much to be grateful for. 🦃 🍁 🥧
RT @MartinRather: Great working with you, Robert! Thanks for your excellent reporting. Can’t wait to continue next year. https://t.co/7XXRV…
RT @ClaudiaCowan1: The parents of #katesteinle enter #SFSuperiorcourt ahead of closing arguments in murder trial of illegal immigrant #Jose…
This episode of "The Underreported" will be the last of the 2017 year -- we are students with exams after all! The show will be back in 2018 and I could not be more excited. A very special thank you to @MartinRather for this exceptional opportunity.
https://t.co/4dwl1VNMBC 		This week's episode of "The Underreported" has been released! My story is on @AmericanExpress and its upcoming antitrust @SCOTUS case. Amex is not accepted at every store or restaurant -- and now you can find out why! My report begins at the 6:05 mark.
RT @NBCNews: Robert Mugabe, the world's oldest ruler, resigned as Zimbabwe's president, after last week's military coup.		See more: https:/…
RT @PressSec: We had a surprise visitor in my office today and got to live a real life version of an episode of the “West Wing”. https://t.…
RT @FoxBusiness: .@AjitPaiFCC: "Technology changes very quickly, so I think the last thing you want in something that is as successful of a…
Robert Mugabe has been one of the most brutal yet hardly mentioned dictators in modern history. Military intervention is an enormous victory for Zimbabwe and the world. https://t.co/oAgxBETGAH
Lou Dobbs not holding back https://t.co/c5aOwO77VO
RT @Tom_Winter: BREAKING / NBC News: U.S. Attorney's Office in Manhattan announces charges against an Iranian for hacking HBO this summer.…
RT @AjitPaiFCC: Today, I’m proposing to repeal the heavy-handed Internet regulations imposed by the Obama Administration and to return to t…
RT @PressSec: .@POTUS announced that the U.S. is again designating North Korea a state sponsor of terror
@MGspeaksUP Thank you very much for coming to @DePauwU and speaking with me and my fellow students. What’s the best email to reach you at? I wasn’t able to catch you after your talk this evening.
RT @ABC: JUST IN: At least 5 dead, including shooter, after shooting spree in Northern California. Suspect opened fire at 7 different scene…
Whoa https://t.co/xU9RKhcj9P
Real pleasure to speak with @TigerPrideAD tonight on D3TV! Excited for all the Monon week festivities!
RT @DPU_StudentGov: IT'S BELL WEEK! Happy Monon DPU 🏈
Be sure to tweet your questions! https://t.co/iqdXmq40X3
RT @KenOwenPR: Congrats to Steve Setchell, Appointed Interim VP @DePauwU Today https://t.co/KlRSPFb61w
Newest episode of #TheUnderreported released tonight. Check it out here! My @SCOTUS story is at the 6:15 mark https://t.co/y1HbPNhOBO
RT @OrinKerr: I filed this amicus brief today in Carpenter v. US, the Fourth Amendment cell-site case. https://t.co/GMXKbMVk4V https://t.co…
Accurately sums up Michigan's performance in the 21st century to date. https://t.co/a3BNq2s7dr
RT @CraigSilverman: You know the answer, BBC. Please don’t do this. https://t.co/zSNOmEYY2I
@Whatthejeff3 @FoxNews Not saying it is PR necessarily, just saying that it’s impressive that Fox News has gotten through all of this (mostly) unscathed
Impressive that @FoxNews has navigated the tumult so seamlessly. Other cable news outlets have ways to go. https://t.co/AShW2Pzh5A
@bruins_go @POTUS I hope so! I think it has the potential to catch on. Already 11k views on Facebook since last night.
2. If you are tired of the political noise, are tired of the obsessive coverage of @POTUS, and just want the news, this is the show for you.
1. "The Underreported" is a 10-minute news program that covers the underreported stories affecting this country. No Trump, no panels, no ads
"The Underreported" debuted last night on Facebook. Check out my story on gerrymandering in Wisconsin! https://t.co/Twv1s4B9Ls
RT @ReutersBiz: Dow opens above 23,000, powered by IBM https://t.co/OOkqh5gNN9
Dow opened up over 100 points  higher this morning. Hello 23,000
Smiling because of all the Victorian-style houses in Savannah. @ Savannah, Georgia https://t.co/YDStZCYBTQ
Smiling because of all the Victorian style houses in Savannah. @ Savannah, Georgia https://t.co/HWBDQsnofT
Big day on Wall Street. Happy Monday, everybody. https://t.co/l69lx8YJIp
Heading to Savannah, Georgia for the week and couldn’t be more excited to enjoy some southern sunshine.
@popLocke_dropit was this you??? Sure sounds like it... https://t.co/aQ8KJcVmSi
RT @brithume: This is so wrong, but at least they haven’t yanked it from the library yet. https://t.co/ELySuILSRF
So this is where we're at. https://t.co/z2e2UfUHzO
RT @senrobportman: Washington should do more to help make our #Ohio auto manufacturers more competitive. First &amp; foremost, Congress must pa…
USA Today ranked Ohio as the #7 state in terms of manufacturing. https://t.co/uHpbMczSkB
RT @jamesj2470: Great talking to my guy @Robert_Sherman7 on the phone. We’re making #BigMoves
This afternoon, NFL released memorandum requiring players to stand for the Anthem. Interesting timing. https://t.co/XoREjCb21C
RT @RandPaul: This will be a great plan &amp; a big deal for millions of Americans. I’ve been working with @realDonaldTrump for months on this.…
“Nasty” https://t.co/Y7EDlSxpM9
Excited to be back on @D3TVTheSource covering campus crime and sports.
RT @senrobportman: Lake Erie provides drinking water to millions of Ohioans - and it's critical to tourism, fishing, recreation &amp; more. We…
Supreme Court about to begin its new 9-month session on Monday. https://t.co/rDdnMuJPYl
RT @realDonaldTrump: We must all be united in offering assistance to everyone suffering in Puerto Rico and elsewhere in the wake of this te…
RT @PressSec: PR's Governor: “The president and the administration, every time we’ve asked them to execute, they’ve executed quickly" @POTU…
RT @ChadPergram: #Breaking Senate GOP will not consider Graham/Cassidy bill. Effectively kills health care effort for now
Anger in response to the NFL National Anthem protests. Fans showing their disapproval by burning tickets, jerseys, gear etc. https://t.co/7kDFfXIjeV
The policy could be implemented by next June, @washingtonpost reports. https://t.co/71sDEEWYvg
@MiloSophRose1 Yes, I am back at school for senior year! Missing the big city a lot. Happiness and health to you and your family!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Ratings for NFL football are way down except before game starts, when people tune in to see whether or not our country…
Interesting thought. https://t.co/vLnRuE4Jr9
RT @SenSchumer: Heading to the floor to urge my colleagues to work together to help Puerto Rico rebuild &amp; recover just as we would anywhere…
RT @DineshDSouza: My advice to disgusted Americans: Forget about football at least for a while. Instead, read some good books that open up…
RT @realDonaldTrump: But while Dallas dropped to its knees as a team, they all stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made-we…
RT @Tom_Winter: BREAKING NEWS / NBC: The FBI has arrested several NCAA asst. basketball coaches in a corruption scheme. Presser @ 12n with…
RT @TomiLahren: Love of country shouldn't be a partisan thing. I loved my country under Obama. I love it under Trump. I would even love it…
RT @BauerOutage: Hey. Hey Clague Park drone thief. Please return IronMan to me in a timely manner or you will force me to build a new compa…
RT @nikkihaley: Great meeting w/ S.Korea &amp; Japan on our alliance &amp; working together w/ a unified voice to pressure N.Korea to end their nuc…
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: Claims that #GrahamCassidy-Heller-Johnson doesn't cover pre-existing conditions -- #FakeNews on steroids! https://t.co…
RT @PatrickDManning: Kim Jong Un calls Trump 'deranged,' vows he will 'pay dearly'
RT @thehill: JUST IN: Kim Jong Un: Trump will "pay dearly" for his "mentally deranged behavior" https://t.co/PzeKoaJmzu https://t.co/74TLoW…
@LindseyGrahamSC on @SpecialReport in regards to his new healthcare bill: "This is Federalism vs Socialism."
RT @PressSec: Repeal and replace—exactly why @realDonaldTrump supports efforts by Senators to fulfill promise to American people. https://t…
RT @thehill: JUST IN: Facebook to publicly release ads purchased by Russians during 2016 election https://t.co/sQd7D4wWcR https://t.co/szDJ…
RT @SenatorTimScott: “We the People” must remember everyday how important it is to uphold the principles &amp; values that America was founded…
RT @Malala: Pray for peace for every person. #PeaceDay https://t.co/KYiFEuHEug
A strong statement from @senrobportman:		"If they continue to do business with North Korea they cannot do business with the United States." https://t.co/l3mrEx45oX
Big news for internet political advertising. https://t.co/8ULifp68ja
Great article by @sofia_mbosch 		https://t.co/2QZQ0eVeRk
RT @realDonaldTrump: Puerto Rico being hit hard by new monster Hurricane. Be careful, our hearts are with you- will be there to help!
@CNBC reported earlier today that @TMobile and @sprint are in the midst of merger talks. Wow.
RT @CBSLA: JUST IN: Earthquake with preliminary magnitude of 3.6 centered near Westwood Village shakes West LA area. https://t.co/kco9NhOCiN
RT @johnrobertsFox: Well, @realDonaldTrump speech to @UN left no room for interpretation.  That was as direct as anything I have ever heard.
RT @PatrickDManning: Hurricane #Maria quickly strengthened into an "potentially catastrophic" Category 5 storm on Monday evening
RT @BretBaier: About Charles @Krauthammer -he's making "slow steady progress" after issues post surgery-we're praying 4 swift recovery-don'…
RT @FoxNews: BREAKING: ISIS claims responsibility for London Underground attack, Fox News confirms.
22 injured, mainly burns https://t.co/ae5LajG7K8 via @WSJ
RT @MrLapara: #ResignBruce 😂
RT @SenSherrodBrown: Make that: ⚾️⚾️⚾️⚾️⚾️⚾️⚾️⚾️⚾️⚾️⚾️⚾️⚾️⚾️⚾️⚾️⚾️⚾️⚾️⚾️⚾️⚾️		@Indians - you made Cleveland very proud tonight.
Excited to hear @BuzzFeedNews @CraigSilverman speak at this @DePauwMeFe event! Title of lecture is "Fake News, Real Consequences."
You're joking... https://t.co/7b0NGFfst9
@TomiLahren not mincing words. https://t.co/mDkpcwN9Tq
Per @WSJ: "Mr. Trump believes the transaction could risk U.S. national security"		https://t.co/3Y8RbqS4pb via @WSJ
RT @Carrasquillo: White House tells me they will not be releasing what Trump, Chuck and Nancy will be having for dinner tonight.
RT @SkyNews: TELEGRAPH FRONT PAGE: 'A United States of Europe' #skypapers https://t.co/KuiXztCnaS
RT @kaitlancollins: Trump told House members that funding for the border wall doesn't need to be tied to a DACA fix, Rep. Cuellar tells rep…
21!!! https://t.co/DwvAgi0arl
RT @businessinsider: Michael Flynn reportedly rejects new request to testify in Russia investigation https://t.co/V4cF0tu7di https://t.co/2…
RT @DailyCaller: President Trump Becomes A Grandpa Again With Birth Of The Newest Member Of The Trump Family https://t.co/UQfK83qfw9 https:…
RT @CavsFredMcLeod: New meaning to being a 20 game winner!! Wow! #WINdians
20 straight wins for the @Indians. I can't believe it. Keep it up, boys!
@TyNewsGuy @KM_Skaggs Had a terrific time at #EIJ17 with you guys. Excited to see where everyone ends up!
RT @mmurraypolitics: Trump, Clinton voters divided over a changing America, per new NBC/WSJ poll on social trends https://t.co/U1wMVV18Sa h…
On my way to the airport. Anaheim has been amazing and I hope to be back at #EIJ next year.
@Acosta "We are absolutely on the right side of history."
@Acosta says: "When they are using terms like fake news, it means they cannot handle the truth." #EIJ17
Ready for the Super Session entitled "Pressing the President" featuring @Acosta @cbellantoni @Carrasquillo @jeffpeguescbs @margarettalev https://t.co/KqPISN0jzk
Unbelievable https://t.co/03zlrwdCmu
Special thank you to @finnygo for introducing me to @Acosta last night. It's been a fantastic #EIJ17
@jaketapper addressing crowd at #EIJ17 https://t.co/qCGr3gjYLl
@LesterHoltNBC accepting the RTDNA Paul White award at #EIJ17 https://t.co/50LZbrQ1tE
Excited for NBCUniversity at #EIJ17 https://t.co/5CAPfEz36I
It's day 1 of my first #EIJ conference and I couldn't be more excited #EIJ17
RT @FoxNews: Facebook uncovers $100G in fake ad spending tied to Russian operatives during 2016 election	 https://t.co/l0mxm5QHq3
@mitchdeshurko Important https://t.co/aWZaPaaMRZ
RT @AFP: #BREAKING US seeks oil embargo on North Korea, according to a draft UN resolution
RT @WSJ: North Korea’s nuclear program is bolstered by scientists who study abroad https://t.co/q1BSC8Uby8
RT @CNN: Trump says military action in North Korea is not his first choice https://t.co/Y1zWdSHJtq https://t.co/7Nh2jUWLsC
RT @FoxNews: Peters: It's Not Practical, Ethical or Moral to Wait for North Korea to Strike First https://t.co/OSpBAU18dS
Listening to @mediamatthew from @NBCLA speak about investigative journalism at #EIJ17 https://t.co/KoCzL5f0Mr
Leading off the first day of #EIJ17 with a workshop on "Watchdog Journalism." Hoping to make @Prof_McCall proud.
Just landed in LA! So excited to spend the week here and attend #EIJ17
RT @BretBaier: Former Pres. Obama issued statement calling Pres. Trump’s decision to rescind DACA “contrary to our spirit, and to common se…
Heading to Indy airport. Will be in LA tonight. Excited to attend #EIJ17
RT @NBCNightlyNews: The eye of Cat. 5 Hurricane #Irma - @NASA_SPoRT https://t.co/2V4ynozsFe
RT @edlavaCNN: Waking up to the news that #HurricaneIrma is a Category 5 storm with maximum winds of 175mph.
RT @DePauwAdmission: Malala Yousafzai spoke to a full house @DePauwU as part of the Ubben Lecture Series. #PictureDePauw https://t.co/6R5Pv…
@KenOwenPR just gave the 5 minute warning. @Malala about to take the stage.
A little over an hour and a half away from hearing @Malala speak at the first Ubben Lecture of the academic year. https://t.co/2aV3Towohl
Excited to have the opportunity to ask @Malala questions during tonight's Ubben Lecture. Finishing prep work now. https://t.co/iPBfAdVidN
RT @politico: Donald Trump to personally donate $1 million to storm relief efforts, White House says https://t.co/SVXjYRsBYk https://t.co/U…
RT @BretBaier: 56% polled believe President @realDonaldTrump is tearing the country apart. Do you agree? #SpecialReport https://t.co/Gc9Kdl…
Apology rescinded...interesting. https://t.co/HXj3HL9BfK
RT @johnrobertsFox: Kathy Griffin rescinds her apology for her grotesque photo shoot featuring a mock severed head of @realDonaldTrump http…
Praying for Houston and my friends at @KPRC2 -- exceptional coverage thus far by the reporters there.
RT @UMichFootball: #GoBlue #GoMaize 		We will rock an All-Maize uniform vs. Florida » https://t.co/wsuuxrRiQ6 https://t.co/cJxwTXPJpR
Would be interested to see a breakdown from A: Charlottesville residents and B: attendees of the protests...GOP voters in VA seems vague. https://t.co/Mtbg6e6o5j
RT @willripleyCNN: North Korea criticizes President Trump’s “weird” &amp; “ego-driven” tweets, saying he "spouts rubbish to make his assistants…
It's been a great summer, but I'm excited to head back to @DePauwU today for #senioryear
RT @KatTimpf: ... Hate speech is still protected speech. And it should be. If you disagree, let me ask: Who should decide what is "hate spe…
RT @CarrascoTV: The 4th CEO has just stepped down from @POTUS advisory council -- Scott Paul, President  of the Alliance for American Manuf…
RT @wikileaks: Fake @Guardian site with ('ı' exchange for 'i') runs story about Putin defeating MI6 and CIA plot to fragment Russia https:/…
RT @wikileaks: CIA had MI6 plant false stories in the press saying UN Secretary General believed in UFOs &amp; was mentally ill (2001) https://…
RT @DailyCaller: Guam Governor To Trump: I’ve Never Felt Safer Than ‘With You At The Helm’ https://t.co/ESwleDjwuB https://t.co/2UwKmzJtPY
Just clocked out for the last time as a @CNBC intern. It's been fun, New York. Heading home to Ohio tomorrow.
A poll of economists done by the Wall Street Journal says there is about a 22% chance of a government shutdown.
Dow closes up about 14 points today after falling most of the week.
@POTUS live now on @CNBC
@WSJ reports that the US Government ran a $42.94 billion budget deficit in July.
Had a great sit-down conversation with @BobPisani today. Thank you for your time and insight!
RT @CourtReagan: Beyond the liquidation sales pressuring margins &amp; earnings @jcpenney cites shrinkage as an issue=theft, damage and other f…
RT @kaitlancollins: A White House official confirms that Trump is scheduled to return to Washington for a brief trip Monday.
RT @DalaiLama: Inner beauty, warm-heartedness and compassion, is what brings about peace of mind.
Stocks rise as the opening bell rings. This coming after 4 days of stock prices falling due in part to tension with North Korea.
RT @realDonaldTrump: Military solutions are now fully in place,locked and loaded,should North Korea act unwisely.  Hopefully Kim Jong Un wi…
@POTUS says military is "locked and loaded" and ready should tension with North Korea further escalate.
Final day of my @CNBC internship and I'm spending it at the @NYSE. Perfect. https://t.co/ALi0tUnWPG
First in Business Worldwide. @ CNBC https://t.co/mIsTFDtLwG
RT @FoxNews: .@SebGorka: "We aren't just a superpower, we are a hyperpower. World history has never seen a nation as powerful as our great…
RT @FoxNews: FLASHBACK: In 1999, @POTUS warned of a nuclear North Korea. https://t.co/t9Bkrlb8iy
Just awful. https://t.co/bWxhRyszko
RT @FoxNews: .@Jessebwatters: "The country needs to come together now and face the real threat, not @POTUS, North Korea." #TheFive https://…
During this current Dow win streak of about 650 points, @Boeing and @GoldmanSachs have made up about half of the Dow's gains.
RT @FoxBusiness: North Korea creating sense of urgency for Haley, Tillerson &amp; Trump: Gen. Keane   https://t.co/286s4IF8fL
Today also marks the 200th day of @realDonaldTrump presidency.
If the Dow finishes up today, it will make for 10 straight record closes &amp; an 11 day win streak -- 2nd longest of year (12 straight in Feb)
"We will continue to investigate and prosecute those who scheme to defraud"
"Justice has been served"
Acting US Attorney now speaking with the press. https://t.co/AtPj9FZe98
Shkreli's lawyer believes Martin will be spared of a prison sentence.
Brafman: "We're smiling even though it wasn't the sweep we would have preferred."
One reporter just asked "Martin, what is your first choice of prison?" Shkreli responded: "I think that's a ridiculous question."
Shkreli: "At the end of the day, we've been acquitted of the most important counts."
Shkreli: "I am delighted in many ways with this verdict"
Shkreli and attorney talking to reporters after being found GUILTY on three counts. https://t.co/ePmqGDQuyt
Jury deliberations continue for the #Shkreli trial. Still no word on when a verdict will come.
Back in Brooklyn covering the Martin Shkreli trial. Day five of deliberations. Will today finally be the day we get a verdict?
Some good news early this Friday morning! https://t.co/SQB5w1lMcE
RT @BBCWorld: Boeing jet makes plane outline over US https://t.co/BIDLDwjx8d
Is the carnage over?!? https://t.co/Cbp1ZKreI2
Honestly, I'm not sure if I could be any more content @Starbucks @WSJ https://t.co/cjsySURPZs
@POTUS called the bill “the most sig­nif­i­cant re­form to our im­mi­gra­tion sys­tem in half a cen­tury.” https://t.co/PXkNZcdl6Z
RT @ZachCFOX13: Just a matter of time... https://t.co/3gZuv1y0UU
RT @johnrobertsFox: Somehow I think tomorrow's @WhiteHouse Briefing will be OFF camera
@bruins_go Also true...matter of perspective!
Stranded in a rain storm in NYC. The man selling umbrellas just upped his price from $10 to $25. Textbook example of supply and demand.
RT @NYSE: DeltaShares by Transamerica debuts a suite of managed risk ETFs today under the symbols $DMRL, $DMRM, $DMRS &amp; $DMRI  https://t.co…
RT @NYSE: The Dow offcially breaks 22k #Dow22K https://t.co/TcCWkFL73t
Big dropoff from June. https://t.co/XiRjw7578s
Dow has just hit 22000.
Apple may be just the added lift the market needs in order to move the Dow above the 22000 mark today.  https://t.co/llpfi8KdBi
RT @BretBaier: .@JamesRosenTV  with a @FoxNews Exclusive: Security risks identified in Defense Department program 	https://t.co/rTXHNMUpCk…
Excited to say that I've registered for #EIJ17 in Anaheim this upcoming September!
"Why do the Yankees always win? Because nobody can keep their eyes off the pinstripes" @ Yankee… https://t.co/5kkquLoCX7
Today marks John Flannery's first day as CEO of @generalelectric
RT @FoxNews: Mnuchin: "By sanctioning Maduro, the United States makes clear our opposition to the policies of his regime." https://t.co/ifN…
Big news. Hopefully, there will not be too much backlash like with Russia. https://t.co/S630WSLeHC
RT @BretBaier: Joining @ShepNewsTeam next on @FoxNews to discuss the latest news coming from the @WhiteHouse
RT @clevelanddotcom: The @Indians have acquired reliever Joe Smith from the Blue Jays, a source has confirmed to https://t.co/a4YA4W2Cro.	h…
WH Statement: "Mr. Scaramucci felt it was best to give Chief of Staff John Kelly a clean slate and the ability to build his own team."
RT @CNBC: BREAKING: Los Angeles reaches deal to bring the Olympics to the United States in 2028 - LA Times, citing source https://t.co/HYfa…
RT @Bill_ESPN: Still true in 2017! Don't ask "why" when you talk to doubters for reasons something won't work. Ask "Why not?" and just go m…
What?!? Already? https://t.co/ohpN2iw1rf
Jury has been dismissed for the day. Deliberations will begin at 9am Monday morning for the #ShkreliTrial
RT @VP: Saddened to hear of the passing of Charlie Gard. Karen &amp; I offer our prayers &amp; condolences to his loving parents during this diffic…
RT @AP: BREAKING: McCain's office says he will return to Arizona to start radiation and chemotherapy; will return to D.C. in September.
And just when we thought a big news week couldn't get much bigger... https://t.co/mIpDeR4czy
RT @BretBaier: Interesting-watch this-running for President as a moderate Democrat -Businessman-fiscal conservative-this is the battle with…
Jury breaking for lunch after receiving instruction from the Judge regarding deliberations this afternoon.
RT @megtirrell: Prosecutor: We are confident you will return the only verdict supported by the evidence in this case: Guilty on all charges…
Prosecution rests. Jury will begin the deliberations in the #Shkreli case
“If you rob a bank, and rob a second bank to pay back the first bank, you still robbed the first bank” #Shkreli
Prosecution has begun its closing argument in the #Shkreli case
Shkreli's lawyer, Brafman, closed with this: "In this case, you [the jury] have the last words. I hope the last words are 'not guilty.'"
The prosecution shall rebut after the break.
"Ama­zon has claimed more than 40 cents out of every dol­lar spent on­line over the past year." https://t.co/JFSV14TUeg
First notification I saw this morning. More unrest in Pakistan. https://t.co/PUT4tnkhdU
Back to Brooklyn today. Closing arguments for Shkreli case, jury deliberations, and then...maybe a verdict this afternoon.
@MiloSophRose1 Very thoughtful! I think we'll be good, but thank you!
RT @GOP: 🚨The House just passed a security bill that fully funds @POTUS request for a wall along our southern border.🚨
About as accurate as it gets. https://t.co/VzgalJD4mA
RT @jaketapper: Very nice ceremony at WH right now with POTUS honoring first responders to shooting of House GOP baseball practice.
Not surprised. https://t.co/2MDQzUkYGl
@KPRCBrandon Haha, not yet. Maybe one day -- if I'm lucky!
@KPRC2 @KPRCBrandon your state is doing well, my friend. https://t.co/2Ie4iJk39F
RT @USATODAY: #BREAKING British judge approves plan for terminally-ill Charlie Gard to be moved to hospice https://t.co/VrI6wSTwdl
Yikes. https://t.co/1H9eN5pQ54
RT @stephenfhayes: This is the Politico reporter who obtained Scaramucci's disclosures. There was no leak.	https://t.co/gTLxTuHGC4
RT @BretBaier: This is worth a read from @stephenfhayes   https://t.co/t2Hobf6Skj https://t.co/c9kBHTPMia
This is pretty neat.		https://t.co/di74QtzQyr
Dow up 97.58 (0.45%) today -- yet another record high.
"Purchases of newly built single-family homes—a narrow slice of all U.S. home sales—increased 0.8%"		https://t.co/FekwU0HL42
https://t.co/Xw9CWAXm6d		"Trump appointees have begun nudging the economy and the country in a more conservative, pro-business direction."
What a relief. https://t.co/RWglTWVY03
RT @jonfortt: Could be $100K-$300K per job if the initial numbers are correct @ 10K jobs, $1B - $3B in incentives. Eager for details. https…
RT @carlquintanilla: Will #Sessions be fired? Market doesn't seem to care. https://t.co/OenVuxew3a
And the bull market continues. https://t.co/HriuuY1Lt8
Senate will reportedly convene from 9:30am-11:30am to resume consideration of American Health Care Act of 2017.
“It’s a shell of a bill right now" - Sen. John McCain https://t.co/CX0fESVAmX
RT @NBCNightlyNews: Senate expected to vote today on a motion to proceed on beginning debate for a potential vote on a health care bill. ht…
Some great words to live by. https://t.co/zI1rtR7HHz
RT @jonfortt: I blame gentrification. The squirrels have had enough. https://t.co/sqz6HiyLVf
This is hilarious! Those are some high journalistic standards. https://t.co/FVoifRa1HB
RT @FoxNews: Chris Wallace: "It's been a really tough week for @POTUS... It's a week in which the 1st major legislative initiative went dow…
@RyGuy002 @sean_spicier It was so convincing...then I started reading the tweets
RT @ABCWorldNews: Donald Trump Jr., Paul Manafort agree to cooperate with Senate panel, avoiding subpoena: https://t.co/Mp8pbka3ji https://…
RT @FoxNews: Protesters: "It has now become the people's press conference." https://t.co/vR4FMtYzFs https://t.co/wlTNRw7K2R
RT @PressSec: It's been an honor &amp; a privilege to serve @POTUS @realDonaldTrump &amp; this amazing country. I will continue my service through…
RT @stephenfhayes: Spicer lied with alacrity. The shame was that many conservatives gave him a pass. https://t.co/46wvO2OAni
RT @kaitlancollins: Reince Priebus tells @DanaBashCNN he supports Anthony Scaramucci "100%." "All good here."
Lots of tumult at the White House, surely. https://t.co/Cs4hTKH2XW
I'm shocked it's had to come to this...why go?		"U.S. to Ban Tourist Visits to North Korea" https://t.co/KAcIRL15NM
RT @TIME: Politicians react to Senator John McCain's cancer diagnosis https://t.co/aXj7lrs6qk
RT @marcorubio: The glory of the young is their strength,	and the dignity of the old is gray hair. Proverbs 20:29
RT @janewells: Forget all the nonsense we talk about. Look up in the sky tonight and remember this: 48 years ago today two Americans walked…
RT @CourtReagan: @Robert_Sherman7 @CNBC Anytime, keep up your hard work and you will go far!
Oh my. https://t.co/l6HH1FdP2P
RT @washingtonpost: John McCain faced death twice as a Navy fighter pilot. And survived brutal years as a POW. https://t.co/66PQQCeUME http…
Don't forget the Long John Silvers as well. https://t.co/KbRxTrldtT
RT @DaveHormell1: C'mon @jonfortt Greencastle, IN has great restaurants :)
Had a great chat with @CourtReagan today at @CNBC. Thank you for looking at my work and giving me career advice!
Prayers go to Sen McCain and his family. Such heartbreaking news. @LindseyGrahamSC said: "The disease has never had a more worthy opponent."
RT @BarackObama: John McCain is an American hero &amp; one of the bravest fighters I've ever known. Cancer doesn't know what it's up against. G…
RT @ABC: POTUS: "We have to protect the integrity of the vote and our votes. This is not a Democrat or a Republican issue. It's an American…
RT @CNBC: Wall Street is battling over Chipotle after the shares plunged on a norovirus report https://t.co/aKzlgWoDW5
RT @johnrobertsFox: Can we PLEASE eradicate the phrase "take a listen" from our TV vernacular?  There is no such thing as "take a listen".…
RT @KenOwenPR: Congrats, @Robert_Sherman7 - and hi to @BretBaier &amp; @stephenfhayes from @DePauwU - Go Tigers (and sink that putt, Bairsey)!!…
Outside US Courthouse in Manhattan. Three former UK currency traders being arraigned today. https://t.co/Lt8MMpqDtP
@RyGuy002 I'm just surprised that so many would prefer the status quo given all the articulated frustrations and grievances surrounding Obamacare.
Wow https://t.co/YSneqyHqao
https://t.co/6720ySnknH		A meeting between Silicon Valley and the White House.
"Four of five Venezuelans oppose rewriting the Constitution." 		https://t.co/34lY3kAcuC
https://t.co/cmhHhQ2qxJ		This is really an important article to read. Many think that everybody disapproves of the @POTUS...not everybody.
Another special thanks to @stephenfhayes and @BretBaier for an incredible weekend https://t.co/XAkkVurr5s
"That will do it tonight for Special Report. Fair, balanced, and unafraid." @ Fox News https://t.co/OyshTLCBeY
Such a treat to sit in on Special Report with @BretBaier https://t.co/pj0s3uV4Ns
Stepped out of the Uber and that's my view https://t.co/zHhXQZCuJ9
Heading to @FoxNews this morning to meet up with @BretBaier and @stephenfhayes
Excited to head down to the nation's capital tonight
RT @MCappetta: Prime Day in a Single Chart https://t.co/VdgbdwxcxO
RT @CNBC: Trump: 'I will be very angry' if Republicans don't pass Obamacare replacement https://t.co/yDdrZEG4K5
RT @FoxBusiness: .@RepSeanDuffy credits @POTUS not Yellen for economic growth: https://t.co/zsxhhH50Yb
RT @FoxBusiness: Dow closes at new record high for the 23rd time this year: https://t.co/xBKHP29zBC
Outside the New York Supreme Court this morning.
Big drop of 100 pts after the release of those Trump Jr emails, but market is surging back - now up 94. https://t.co/8xjurLtZBO
RT @CNBC: Trump: 'My son is a high quality person and I applaud his transparency.' https://t.co/qGOzRcyVZd
RT @BretBaier: No.  Just covering news.   Thanks. https://t.co/eotye5NtRZ
RT @KPRCkeithg: ICYMI...my story on hip hop artists spreading hope &amp; faith in troubled HTown apt complex: https://t.co/NgnZN311H6 @iamdriv…
Martin #Shkreli exiting courthouse after a slow day of testimonies https://t.co/7ddi9Ea488
In Brooklyn today for the #Shkreli trial. Finishing up the testimony of the second witness now.
Surely ought to be a tense sit-down. https://t.co/9ydfML5t62
RT @CNNPolitics: Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President Donald Trump shake hands before their first official meeting https://t.c…
A mock report I did on the Walgreens and Rite Aid merger while working on Wall Street yesterday.… https://t.co/3yCZ8wGQjX
Perfect view of the city during the bus ride back to New Jersey. https://t.co/Cu7a14Xalh
RT @guardian: Qatar accuses Saudi Arabia of forcing it to surrender sovereignty https://t.co/SPVYXYMwV9
RT @Indians: On this day in 1947, Larry Doby became the American League's first African-American player. https://t.co/Y4EwsPhRi0 https://t.…
RT @CNBC: Oil prices drop more than 3%, ending bullish streak, on signs of rising OPEC exports https://t.co/7yA9I9qzIF
RT @JamesRosenTV: VIDEO: 25 years of failed #NorthKorea diplomacy from @billclinton to @realDonaldTrump via #SpecialReport @BretBaier https…
RT @carlquintanilla: Nasdaq turns lower. A down day today would be first 4-day loss of the year.		(via @peterschack) @CNBC
RT @carlquintanilla: - @jimcramer says someone approached him recently and simply said: JUST WAIT TIL THE GIGAFACTORY!!" .. 	$TSLA
RT @SaraEisen: Regarding reports @realDonaldTrump is considering steel tariffs... China's not even in the top 10 of who gets punished (its…
Intense piece. Scary developments.		"U.S. Tells North Korea It Is Prepared to Go to War" https://t.co/ufDyPwj7Ud
Enjoyed the holiday yesterday, but am excited to be back on Wall Street today at the @NYSE
RT @BretBaier: Made it home from Italy 🇮🇹--Captains Paul and Daniel on the 777 ready for take off.  Happy… https://t.co/mDGl9Hcwy2
Thankful for this. Happy Independence Day, everyone. https://t.co/paiVymkgWv
Hopefully this momentum keeps up. Will be interesting to see if wages do in fact rise with this low unemployment rate. https://t.co/LXiNATPX60
Not again... https://t.co/ynQNAB1x95
RT @GlennThrush: Reflect on this. @SenatorCollins on Trump's tweeting: "I see it as embarrassing to our country.” me and @maggieNYT https:/…
RT @MrLapara: One hour left... No matter the results, we're grateful. Cleveland fans are the best. Love you guys!! 		#JRam
A great read. Terrific analysis of the current state of CNN. https://t.co/95poLCZQrU
RT @brithume: Kate's law would not have gone anywhere without the support of @billoreilly. He argued for it when no one else did. https://t…
RT @realDonaldTrump: If Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now, they should immediately REPEAL, and then REPLA…
Heading back to Wall Street this morning to assist @CNBC at the New York Stock Exchange.
RT @FoxNews: Fox News Poll: Only 27% favor the Senate health care proposals to replace ObamaCare. https://t.co/GKUfs6HJK0
RT @foxnewspoll: 56% of voters think #Trump hasn’t been tough enough on #NorthKorea MORE: https://t.co/oi0jdfQYCV https://t.co/rkeUxD818x
RT @BretBaier: And we will see you in the anchor chair at 6pmET for #SpecialReport https://t.co/qiT6h8k0CE
RT @NBCNews: BREAKING: House passes 2 immigration bills President Trump advocated for, No Sanctuary for Criminals Act and Kate's Law
RT @craigmelvin: Chuck with the truth. https://t.co/gucpYK51S9
Outside the courthouse in Brooklyn. Jury selection set to begin at 9am for the #Shkreli trial. https://t.co/2hqLVFcCSk
RT @CNBC: Beaten-down crude oil is tracking for a huge losing streak https://t.co/gqCuEMwYTG
RT @CNBC: Those IRS collection calls you're getting could be illegal https://t.co/LvDhVPtR8P
Will be back in Brooklyn today assisting in the coverage of the Martin Shkreli hearing for @CNBC
About as terrifying as it gets https://t.co/0h7yRNLIvW
RT @CNBC: Hold off on further rate hikes until inflation moves —Fed's Bullard https://t.co/s0roHhkxn6
Just landed. Good to be back in the great state of Wisconsin this weekend.
RT @BretBaier: Join me at 6pmET for #SpecialReport and again at 11pmET for another live news show on @FoxNews.
RT @BretBaier: Update on Rep Scalise: He continues to make good progress--now listed in fair condition &amp; is beginning period of healing &amp; r…
"Our relationship's at an all-time low" https://t.co/WnkD2inMVa
RT @SpeakerRyan: There is no one-size-fits-all solution to training America's workforce. We need to renew emphasis on trades, apprenticeshi…
RT @jonfortt: A testament to that is the fact that this is what he said a quarter ago, but it still applies .... https://t.co/lKTYuKogty
RT @BretBaier: This is the jobs issue of the future people need to be talking more about. https://t.co/3IU1VkOWai
@jimcramer just called me an "All-American." Today is going to be a good day.
Big victory for GOP. Sends message that Democrats still have work to do to take back House/Senate in 2018. https://t.co/zE35DmtOuW
RT @NBCNews: FULL STORY: U.K. Queen’s husband Prince Philip "in good spirits" after being hospitalized with an infection https://t.co/LrDYx…
RT @NBCNews: Saudi Arabia's newly appointed Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman is pushing rapid change in the kingdom  https://t.co/ybj9hnDSJ…
And the tumult at Uber continues https://t.co/Wv2acFqcWc
@RyGuy002 Either way...not good. It will be interesting to hear the opening arguments next week.
@RyGuy002 this trial is actually not about hiking up drug prices but about his activity regarding a couple of hedge funds.
Photo of Martin Shkreli and his defense team leaving the courthouse this afternoon. https://t.co/Nc3j7P3Jif
Excited to help cover the Martin Shkreli pre-trial today for @CNBC
RT @TGowdySC: To my Dad and all of the other Fathers - Happy Fathers Day!
RT @BretBaier: Happy Father's Day to all the Dads out there! https://t.co/Bk2R9EAD6I
RT @BarackObama: Of all that I've done in my life, I'm most proud to be Sasha and Malia's dad. To all those lucky enough to be a dad, Happy…
RT @WSJ: Seven U.S. sailors confirmed dead after bodies found inside Navy destroyer that collided with ship near Japan https://t.co/IMzkLTP…
RT @AaronKPRC: Good luck @Jen_BauerKPRC. We will miss you! https://t.co/g7eNtrcULy
Another night of @BretBaier book and @enjoyLaCroix. Almost finished. Love the Washington-Eisenhower comparisons. Making @DePauwSigs proud. https://t.co/Tx4cUMgthZ
RT @LinseyDavis: Cosby trial: After 5 long days and nearly 50 hours of deliberations still no unanimous verdict - @ABC News https://t.co/YZ…
@RyGuy002 @nytimes One of the funniest things I have read all day.
RT @CNNPolitics: Trump: "Effective immediately, I am canceling the last administration's completely one-sided deal with Cuba" https://t.co/…
RT @CNN_Oppmann: "We will enforce the ban on tourism, we will enforce the embargo."
RT @MSNBC: Trump blasts Obama-era Cuba policies, says "now we hold the cards."  https://t.co/EOfmaJmlM5
RT @SpeakerRyan: An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us, and last night, we showed the country—and the world—that we are united.…
RT @marcorubio: 🇨🇺❗️🇨🇺❗️🇨🇺❗️ https://t.co/Nwzh6ubLcF
RT @FoxNews: .@POTUS: "The Castro regime has shipped arms to North Korea and fueled chaos in Venezuela." https://t.co/fLlmDn9EVf https://t.…
RT @CNBCtravel: A breathtaking photo of the Hubbard Glacier. PC (IG): @shootandscoot. Tag your photos #CNBCTravel to get featured on our ac…
This Whole Foods deal is not just the purchase of grocery stores but also the purchase of hundreds of distribution centers.
RT @dkberman: Amazon did not just buy Whole Foods grocery stores. It bought 431  upper-income, prime-location distribution nodes for everyt…
RT @carlquintanilla: For rivals, "it's going to force u to go faster on-line than u were intending to, and that pressures margins" - @JRoge…
RT @jonfortt: @Robert_Sherman7 Test isn't having ANY grocery business. It's in having an amount of market power that would harm consumers.
@jonfortt Amazon does have some brick and mortar stores now for produce ex: Amazon Fresh Pickup. Wouldn't that be grounds for a block?
After newly announced Amazon/Whole Foods deal, other grocery stores taking big hits:		Kroger: Down 13%	Wal-Mart: Down 6%	Costco: Down 8%
RT @carlquintanilla: As the story hit seconds ago, @jimcramer gasped out loud. 		$WFM $AMZN https://t.co/10EAfNoyAL
RT @AP: BREAKING: Amazon is buying Whole Foods in $13.7B deal.
@Amazon will reportedly buy @WholeFoods for $42 a share. Currently trading at $33.
This just in. https://t.co/WpyXVFyMZN
RT @NBCNews: American released from North Korean prison was "brutalized," family says https://t.co/N9zWzDFppT https://t.co/i0tRDtnEhv
RT @CNBC: Senate passes sweeping sanctions bill targeting Iran, Russia https://t.co/vxEIpmXMAu
RT @CNBC: Trump to tighten Cuba travel rules, restrict business deals with military https://t.co/4ATGfO8HFt
RT @FoxNews: .@DLoesch on the shooting Wednesday morning: "I hope people realize that you can still disagree civilly in the United States.”…
Article includes quotes from Hodgkinson's Facebook page. Articulates strong anti-Trump rhetoric. https://t.co/dCyof6QLmi
RT @betsy_klein: .@POTUS calls Scalise a "patriot" and a "friend." "Steve, I want you to know that you have the prayers... of an entire nat…
@POTUS: @SteveScalise will survive injuries.
@POTUS: Assailant has died from his injuries.
RT @carlquintanilla: "That is the individual." - @RepDeSantis, saying Hodgkinson's photo matches man who approached him at baseball pkg lot…
RT @CNBC: Rep. Duncan: I think I spoke to the gunman before he started shooting https://t.co/rRoksahWCt
RT @BretBaier: Today -Sec Mattis is expected to announce that Pres Trump has given him the authority 2 decide how many US troops are needed…
RT @NBCNightlyNews: BREAKING: Sources: Gunman in Va. congressional baseball practice shooting identified as James Hodgkinson, of Illinois -…
RT @NBCNews: Rep. Brad Wenstrup describes scene at GOP baseball practice where House Majority Whip Scalise and others were shot https://t.c…
RT @Tom_Winter: NBC News: The two Capitol Police officers shot this morning are expected to survive Pete Williams reports.
RT @NBCNews: JUST IN: No House votes are expected today following shooting at Alexandria baseball park
RT @jimcramer: We have to dial back the kind of discourse that encourages non-civil behaviour
RT @johnrobertsFox: Pennsylvania Ave in front of the @WhiteHouse is closed to the public as a security precaution
RT @SpeakerRyan: This morning the hearts of the whole House are with @SteveScalise, the brave Capitol police, staff, and all those who were…
RT @Phil_Mattingly: .@RandPaul: "I can tell you with absolute certainty nobody would've survived without the Capitol Police."
RT @CNBC: JUST IN: US Capitol Hill Police say they are deploying "robust" security presence around complex after shooting https://t.co/zACV…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and…
Horrendous tragedy this morning. Prayers to @SteveScalise and family. Suspect reportedly in custody. Thankful for Capitol Police.
RT @AP: Scalise's wounds are not believed to be life-threatening. Police say a suspect in the shooting is in custody. https://t.co/6LoaZOPb…
RT @CNBC: JUST IN: President Trump releases statement on shooting at congressional baseball practice https://t.co/ogTbbSkXqZ https://t.co/c…
RT @rebeccagberg: Amazing heroism: Rep. Brooks tells CNN one member of security detail was shot in leg, still helped tend to Scalise afterw…
RT @FoxNews: .@POTUS statement on Scalise shooting: "We are deeply saddened by this tragedy. Our thoughts &amp; prayers are with the members of…
RT @business: The shooter at the U.S. capitol is in custody, @AP reports. Follow our coverage here https://t.co/2oMGWyces7
RT @BretBaier: Thoughts and prayers to all of those shot at the Congressional baseball practice this morning.  Continuing coverage on @FoxN…
RT @BretBaier: Thanks. https://t.co/6utlpfJfHU
@WSJ reporting that short-term interests rates are expected to rise -- somewhere between 1%-1.25% https://t.co/zuob31lSFI
RT @megynkelly: POTUS's been on &amp; praises @RealAlexJones' show. He's giving Infowars a WH press credential. Many don't know him; our job is…
https://t.co/C0Bz90SJRF		Good read on Megyn Kelly's upcoming interview with Alex Jones. Should advertisers pull their commercials or not?
RT @Indians: Today's lineup against a fella named Clayton Kershaw. 		Heard he's pretty good. Will report back. https://t.co/ziTYYGsedd http…
RT @kevcirilli: I was just told I cannot stand outside of the Budget Committee hearing room to interview lawmakers. https://t.co/gBdkztGLfO
RT @BillHemmer: Confirmed from @FoxNews: Otto Warmbier is on his way home. #USA
RT @HappeningNow: .@FoxNews confirms N.Korea has released U.S. univ student Otto Warmbier &amp; @senrobportman says Otto "is being returned to…
RT @business: Uber will strip CEO Kalanick of some duties and appoint an independent chair to limit his influence https://t.co/pSGOrwAGwu h…
RT @business: Uber CEO Travis Kalanick tells staff he plans to take a leave of absence  https://t.co/hcoFV3S373 https://t.co/HEVnX0PkyR
BREAKING: Just after it was announced Emil Michael was out as @Uber VP, CEO Travis Kalanick will reportedly step aside temporarily.
RT @JustinFishelABC: The thank you's, praise and congratulations from the cabinet to the President went on for 11 minutes. Here's a short s…
RT @Acosta: Source close to Trump says the president "is being advised by many people" NOT to fire special prosecutor Robert Mueller.
RT @BretBaier: Big day in the Baier household.  Paul AND Daniel both came in 1st place in the 3 and 5 hole… https://t.co/KTMBKjmr56
RT @BretBaier: The President goes around the table checking in with his full team. https://t.co/MnHjMBBa6d
@McDonalds to use @Snapchat to woo and hire 250,000 new employees this summer. The future of hiring?
RT @ReutersBiz: LATEST: Netflix shares down 4.6 percent, Adobe down 4.3 percent, Twitter down 3.1 percent, Yahoo down 1.9 percent.
RT @WinterFNmute665: @Robert_Sherman7 @WSJ the reason for the boycott was because the party in Gov blocked any input from the other parties…
RT @WinterFNmute665: @Robert_Sherman7 @WSJ 2 of the major parties boycotted &amp; more eligible voters boycotted the vote then voted. Vote turn…
#PuertoRico  votes "overwhelmingly" in favor of statehood but many boycotted the vote, potentially delegitimizing the result per @WSJ
Drinking @enjoyLaCroix and reading @BretBaier's book makes for a perfect Saturday. https://t.co/XnIVHgpkQR
"Drop it like the NASDAQ" @ New York Stock Exchange https://t.co/Rf3TtoWOxF
RT @MENnewsdesk: LIVE: Bomb disposal officers are currently in the terminal two building at Manchester Airport https://t.co/1Xtp756iDJ
Wall Street is alive and well this morning. https://t.co/RbNVAlIP3W
Excited to be back working at the @CNBC New York Stock Exchange set today.
@WSJ reporting that unemployment is at 4.3% which is a 16 year low and that it's possible the US is at or near max employment.
Good read. https://t.co/6ksWSMDaWX
RT @CNBC: BREAKING: British Pound sharply plunges vs USD after exit poll says Conservatives to hold 314 seats, down from 330 https://t.co/a…
RT @TheEconomist: Exit polls indicate the Conservatives may be the largest party, but without an overall majority #ExitPoll https://t.co/y6…
RT @HotlineJosh: One consistent theme in Western elections: young voters drifting to the far left.
Theresa May gambled...and lost. https://t.co/cTWdnM9829
RT @chucktodd: Hope folks who keep saying it was a "good day" for X or Y realize that nothing about today was good for anyone, period.
@David_Kobe Yeah. Journalists need to report the facts not hype up an audience with what the facts *might* be.
RT @Prof_McCall: Media speculation about Comey testimony in overdrive. Time to can the guessing games &amp; just wait to report what Comey actu…
The way it should be done. https://t.co/ATYebj4h2D
RT @CNBC: BREAKING: South Korea military says North Korea has fired multiple projectiles off its east coast - Reuters https://t.co/YKho1O67…
RT @allinwithchris: Thank you #inners for making All In the #1 show in cable news at 8pm Tuesday - but if you thought *last* night was big……
Hah. https://t.co/QsKkI3CnVQ
RT @NBCNews: Paul Ryan says it's "obviously" not appropriate for President Trump to ask for Comey's loyalty https://t.co/nUjYYILh0N https:/…
RT @BretBaier: Sen Burr to reporters on release of Comey testimony: "I'm sorry it took away from all of your ability to find a source to le…
RT @craigmelvin: Not a big selfie guy...but when I do, I like to make them count. A big welcome to our summer interns. Welcome to the famil…
RT @NBCNewsPR: RATINGS: Sunday Night w/ @megynkelly tops 60 Minutes in A25-54 + A18-49, delivers NBC's biggest non-sports audience in times…
RT @jimcramer: meaningful for the stock market... https://t.co/Q9CWeZniPA
RT @FoxNews: .@POTUS: “It’s time to rebuild our country to bring back our jobs to restore our dreams.” https://t.co/CqU2zaCJlt
RT @DavidMDrucker: Coats &amp; Rogers confirming Trump's full support for re-authorizing FISA 702 seems pretty newsworthy.
RT @FoxBusiness: .@POTUS: "We're already making progress, last month unemployment fell to its lowest point in 16 years." https://t.co/EMWVw…
RT @Prof_McCall: Trump likes twitter, but using the social media to announce a new FBI director shows limitations of platform.  No context…
@RyGuy002 It's sad that something so obvious needs to be tweeted...but it does.
RT @carlquintanilla: Missed it by THAT much .. https://t.co/zUMpO7zNnk
Former Assistant Attorney General. https://t.co/8dKWlPxjis
A very real reminder to be careful on social media https://t.co/zIbWn2TBVA
RT @GMA: Police officer spotted dancing with children at #OneLoveManchester benefit concert ❤️		WATCH LIVE: @FreeformTV &amp; https://t.co/awrx…
RT @ABC: Pres. Trump has no plans to invoke executive privilege to block Comey testimony, White House advisers tell @ABC https://t.co/9e8jR…
RT @ABC: Ariana Grande: "Thank you all so much. Manchester, I love with all my heart." https://t.co/7qVo6ZDG3s #OneLoveManchester https://t…
Wow. https://t.co/q0pp6dCPCm
RT @ABC: After arena attack, #OneLoveManchester crowd sings "Don't Look Back in Anger" with Ariana Grande and Coldplay's Chris Martin. http…
Cavs - I picked the Cavs, who do you see winning Game 2? https://t.co/6hsswH12E5
@josHendo Believe me, I miss Kenosha A LOT! You're in good hands with @RylanKobrePxP though!
Not a bad view of the New York Stock Exchange. https://t.co/2PdwZ1gzPg
RT @jonfortt: Jon Fortt and Julia Boorstin debrief tech and media upheaval at the Code conference https://t.co/5eT1e7cuMm
RT @FoxNews: .@POTUS: "We will be environmentally friendly, but we're not going to put our businesses out of work... We're going to grow ra…
RT @FoxNews: .@POTUS: "No responsible leader can put the workers and the people of their country at this debilitating and tremendous disadv…
RT @CNBC: FBI and Congress are investigating a Trump campaign event for 'private encounter' with Russian https://t.co/eohtBFSUzB
RT @CNBC: Elon Musk threatens to leave White House advisory councils if Trump drops Paris accord https://t.co/AJyY3l6XwG
@bruins_go @CNBC Of course. It's ALWAYS the broadcaster's fault! Sorry @KenoshaKingfish fans...
Excited for my first day as a @CNBC intern.
@Prof_McCall First Strahan and Tebow, now A-Rod. Only question is who's next?
RT @jaketapper: #MemorialDayWeekend https://t.co/6SrgJOjiOu
RT @MerriamWebster: Why we play 'taps' at military funerals: https://t.co/sNNZ3xE6sj
RT @Dictionarycom: In honor of #MemorialDay, today's Word of the Day is true-blue.		Read the full definition here: https://t.co/FOVuVyVCZr…
RT @NBCNightlyNews: Travel to the U.S. has dropped by 11 percent since Trump took office. https://t.co/GrPChQlfaC
RT @CNN: “The black flag of ISIS has been raised in the Philippines.”		At least 103 killed as militants clash with government https://t.co/…
RT @PressSec: Thank you to all who have served our nation #MemorialDay
In case anyone needed some motivation today, check out @BretBaier's son https://t.co/ZGguLhpk9y
RT @TimOBrien: Zbigniew Brzezinski, NSA adviser to Jimmy Carter, dies at 89 https://t.co/cvUCn2FJAX
RT @CNBC: Google co-founder Sergey Brin is reportedly building a gigantic $100 million blimp https://t.co/srewCRSobr
Just beautiful. https://t.co/BOTvKzv0EV
RT @CNBC: Lawyers may start vetting Trump's tweets, as White House reportedly considers strategy shift https://t.co/GCVf0xD94G
RT @CNBC: The market will 'continue to see a slow melt up,' expert says https://t.co/8mFtIhUMBh
RT @VP: Excited to travel to Annapolis tomorrow to speak to the @NavalAcademy's Class of 2017. Looking forward to meeting you all. #USNA17…
RT @FoxNews: Bomber's sister speaks - says attack was revenge for U.S. airstrikes on Syria. #SpecialReport https://t.co/b84zq2DEZR
RT @politico: Pelosi: Dems will pass $15 minimum wage if we take power https://t.co/noHX8CeLlW https://t.co/IVoKh8GFyX
RT @ABC: NEW: U.S. Court of Appeals for 4th Circuit upholds district court injunction against President Trump's revised travel ban.
RT @NBCNews: Nurse raped at gun point during hostage standoff at Illinois hospital, lawsuit alleges https://t.co/X8sI5C2rj3 https://t.co/pr…
RT @FoxNews: BREAKING NEWS: 4th Circuit Appeals Court upholds travel ban block. https://t.co/l5wpu51FKE
RT @WEWS: #DefendtheLand! #cavsceltics	https://t.co/D9VRD4Mt16
RT @NBCNightlyNews: BREAKING: Pentagon: 100+ civilians were killed after US bombing in Mosul; ISIS devices triggered add'l explosions. http…
Putting contacts in for the first time has been one of the most painful things I have ever endured.
RT @jeffzeleny: It's the Wild West out there... https://t.co/qdo7VRgkD8
RT @AngelaChenFOX26: Gianforte caught in a lie. Fox News was there and witnessed the entire incident beginning to end  https://t.co/CvDT82a…
RT @FinancialTimes: Salman Abedi flew to UK from Turkey days before Manchester attack https://t.co/SwLaRqe7gZ
RT @FoxBusiness: OMB Dir Mulvaney on Trump's budget: "We take care of taxpayers first." https://t.co/WcqMGkDXWV https://t.co/ZqvC1cLYG4
Nice bounce-back after sizable dip last week. https://t.co/fBRUJ4H474
RT @CNBC: Abercrombie's same-store sales beat on demand for Hollister brand https://t.co/bKp8yeJque
RT @FoxNews: MORNING BRIEF: Fox News team witnesses Montana House candidate 'slamming reporter' https://t.co/bJefhoVw30
RT @BretBaier: Back in the USA-great to be home. I'll be back in the anchor chair in Washington 2night for another busy day of news.Thought…
@DePauwAthletics https://t.co/eqQFO6LWiE
RT @FoxNews: .@POTUS: "If you choose the path of terror, your life will be empty, your life will be brief, and your soul will be fully cond…
RT @FoxNews: .@VP: "The most important job I will ever hold is that of husband and father." https://t.co/4Ql0YOjno0
RT @BretBaier: The Obit of Roger Ailes by @brithume that ran on @SpecialReport tonight  https://t.co/NLBowJCm9O
RT @jimcramer: Maybe there were 50 contacts with the Russians. Maybe Trump's the Manchurian Candidate. Let Mueller find out. Press has no s…
RT @jimcramer: If Trump did nothing wrong he should be thrilled with Mueller. It's a godsend to end the dripping and the leaking.
RT @NBCNews: BREAKING: Dow Jones closes at lowest point of the year as market loses confidence in President Trump https://t.co/eYwgXvaKF5 h…
RT @marcorubio: Mr. Mueller is widely respected for independence &amp; professionalism. I have full confidence he will conduct a fair &amp; thoroug…
RT @BretBaier: You're talking my language. I'm always trying for an ice rope stinger down the fairway. Sometimes it's a slight fade-sometim…
RT @BretBaier: Great point.  We are blessed to live in this country and should always remember that.   Thanks. https://t.co/kJrZ0RgPqU
RT @KenOwenPR: @Prof_McCall @Robert_Sherman7 This exchange between prof and student is a great example of why @DePauwU is special.  :)
RT @Prof_McCall: @Robert_Sherman7 It's looking like a "no."  I am sure everybody will do fine on their own. :)
@Prof_McCall still waiting for that decision on having today's final be a class collaborative exam...
RT @RichardEngel: Us intel official says Trump talked abt isis interest in laptops, which is why laptops of such concern these days. Says n…
@Indians Twitter account speaking the truth. https://t.co/cb4m3U9fib
RT @CNNPolitics: Pelosi: Maybe now Republicans will "stop hiding the truth from the American people about the Russian connection” https://t…
RT @CNN: Pelosi: It’s “distressing” that Trump fired Comey after Trump said he was sick of the Russia probe #PelosiTownHall https://t.co/fn…
RT @CNNPolitics: Pelosi on the Republican health care bill: “The whole point right now is to defeat that bill” #PelosiTownHall https://t.co…
Also mentioned that the Secretary of State was in the room and that their word should be given more weight than an "anonymous" source. https://t.co/TbZlojTNAZ
If Tillerson and McMaster are being truthful, then this is another hit to the media's credibility. If they're not, then this can't be good. https://t.co/B3GvspqtE7
RT @BretBaier: Let's go @WashWizards !!!   Make it happen.   Gotta believe. https://t.co/v8r5wXzDWf
RT @clevelanddotcom: It looks like Matthew McConaughey's sons are @Indians fans... #AlrightAlrightAlright https://t.co/c3kUeYf6mz
RT @JanetShamlian: This has troubled me since 8th grade grammar. https://t.co/sFpyiIh6Oe
Hah. https://t.co/bP0bJcfdoX
RT @CNN: Senators want Trump's Comey tapes -- if they exist. Will the WH comply?		Spicer: Trump "has nothing further on that" https://t.co/…
RT @CNBC: Spiking inflation, spiraling violence bring Venezuela 'close to the bottom' https://t.co/o16XToJOTp
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Spicer says Trump knew he needed to fire Comey "because he didn't have the leadership skills to lead that institution."
RT @FoxNews: .@PressSec on travel ban: "The executive order is fully lawful and will be upheld." https://t.co/anfvH2s19H https://t.co/CcPxO…
Even in the midst of the tumult that is finals week, hard to not stop and realize that you're four days away from completing junior year...
RT @jimcramer: Even as I know that stock splits mean nothing we have so many people who only want to buy low dollar amount stocks. Splits w…
RT @Sports_HQ: 1) Dream it. 	2) Believe it.	3) Achieve it.
@d3baseball Congrats to @DePauwAthletics for making the field!
Bauer's stuff looks great today...where has this been?
Welcome back, Jason Kipnis. We missed you.
RT @NBCNightlyNews: DEVELOPING: Pres. Trump considering shift in Afghan War strategy, possibly sending 1,000s more troops. https://t.co/C9f…
Big things in The Land https://t.co/7zTh6mX1yh
RT @BretBaier: Good morning!  Thoughts on the day?  Suggestions?  👍.  Make it a great day‼️
RT @Prof_McCall: Students in @DePauwU media law class must remain CALM while taking a quiz.  Last quiz of semester upcoming.
RT @FoxNews: BREAKING: US Air Force jets intercept Russian bombers, fighter jets near Alaska https://t.co/QBl7Z13C5H
RT @BretBaier: Healthcare vote tomorrow.  GOP leaders say they have the votes (216) needed to pass. https://t.co/EbllNNhVev
RT @Prof_McCall: I tell @variety that FNC needs to stop being the news.  Fine article about latest FNC developments by @bristei.  https://t…
RT @FoxNews: United CEO says he is “personally sorry” for response to passenger being dragged off of plane. https://t.co/dKg9osnzlW
RT @BretBaier: .@jimmykimmel Truly-almost the exact same story  --https://t.co/sy2krsD0AR &amp; More hurdles ahead too -Thank God for Children'…
RT @KenOwenDePauw: Prof. Jeff McCall '76 Quoted in AP Story on Rumored Media Deal @DePauwU @Prof_McCall https://t.co/Dst81CWw0R
RT @clevelanddotcom: The Indians defeated the Seattle Mariners 12-4! https://t.co/XyfyIcpDwK
Never gets old watching this guy play. https://t.co/QcdCvdYcud
RT @FoxNews: On "Sunday Morning Futures," Texas Governor @GregAbbott_TX discussed a bill that would penalize sanctuary cities. https://t.co…
RT @StateDept: Secretary Tillerson: We have said this before and it bears repeating: the policy of strategic patience is over.	#DPRK
RT @BwagnerDePauw: Yeah. Gonna be delayed here with @DePauwWLax @SeanWTHR https://t.co/Z0xH7YIgSV
RT @BretBaier: US Navy helicopter crashes in Pacific Ocean near Guam, Crew OK. #FoxNews
RT @StlCardsCards: The professionalism of the people losing their dream jobs at ESPN today has been nothing short of admirable.
@KPRCBrandon Somehow I did! Thanks Brandon! Now I can hang out with you cool kids.
It needed to be said, and it was said. https://t.co/OfpDrA3zL3
RT @TigerPrideAD: One of tonight's @Jeopardy questions, @DePauwU fans!  Thanks to @StraussMax for the find!  #teamdepauw https://t.co/nFMwP…
RT @resteasyclothes: Today is a great day to lay outside and #resteasy
The facts: @TuckerCarlson had 3.2 million viewers Monday; Anderson Copper had 1 million, and Chris Hayes had 1.5 million. Fox will be fine. https://t.co/0PqTawW456
Not sure if there is any better feeling than being up and doing work at 5am. The world is yours and yours alone at that time.
Truly honored to be receiving the Stephen Gentry Scholarship this evening. https://t.co/QB7g6d5NHU
RT @Prof_McCall: I predict @TuckerCarlson will do quite well for FNC in 8pm slot. That's what I tell @JoeConchaTV in this piece. https://t.…
RT @FoxNews: North Korea warns of "super-mighty preemptive strike" to reduce U.S. to "ashes." https://t.co/en6tD5cl6C https://t.co/JwNrMBkq…
Phew... https://t.co/JnFxMmzHH3
RT @CNNPolitics: Alabama is set to hold special election to replace Jeff Sessions in the Senate https://t.co/5zQBYzyABP https://t.co/DG4JDc…
RT @CNN: Aaron Hernandez was found dead with "John 3:16" written on his forehead, a law enforcement source says https://t.co/A80lBJk1VC htt…
RT @CNN: Jon Ossoff on divisions among Democrats: "I'm simply not interested in ideological labels or purity tests" https://t.co/HyrcwMt5l1
RT @FoxNews: .@SeanHannity is on the ground in Israel covering the future of the US-Israeli alliance. Tune in tonight at 10p ET! https://t.…
RT @FoxNews: BREAKING NEWS: @POTUS and Italian PM meet in Oval Office. https://t.co/QKnuOjXh6W
RT @FoxNews: REPORT: One police officer killed, one hurt in Paris. @FRANCE24 reports person who fired on police has been killed. https://t.…
Perhaps the most insightful tweet of the day. https://t.co/pugAMt4cPo
Tucker has gone from being an occasional fill-in to the prime time host of the most watched cable news channel.  https://t.co/10vIXnU3he
Just wow. Speechless. https://t.co/vHFiceBXY6
@jonathanserrie Great report on the Georgia runoff this morning.
Whenever I show up to @Prof_McCall class, I try to never arrive in a tatterdemalion state.  https://t.co/HDl3d8smke
After working in Kenosha for two summers, it is awesome to see Snap-On get some national publicity from @POTUS
RT @HoustonChron: Wounded San Antonio Marine carrying US flag in viral #BostonMarathon photo: 'This is not about me'. #Texas https://t.co/C…
RT @LinseyDavis: The suicide of former Patriot Aaron Hernandez comes on the same day of Patriots' scheduled visit at White House to meet wi…
RT @wkyc: UPDATE: Police have confirmed the man found dead inside a Ford Fusion in Erie is Steve Stephens. https://t.co/U6CdwrkiFz
RT @Prof_McCall: Good of @JoeConchaTV to take a critical look at the TV coverage of this heinous event.  TV looking for sensational side, n…
RT @Prof_McCall: Media law students studying for today's quiz surely know advertisers have burden of proof to FTC in substantiation matters.
RT @Prof_McCall: Great to see so many loyal @DePauwU alums this morning, including former student, @TheMJHughes . Good chat about media, fa…
RT @USAlumniAssoc: Congrats to Will Lynch '16 who sent flowers to Khloe Kardashian welcoming her to Cleveland and now she's a client! https…
RT @FoxNews: Happening Now: Awaiting President Trump's first remarks since MOAB bombing. https://t.co/NE269WlTEv
RT @USAlumniAssoc: Check out comedian Ricky Smith's '96 new gig as the Travel Channel's "Yes Man" looking 4 crazy things 2 do for fun!https…
RT @Rickonia: @USAlumniAssoc thanks for the love!
Need a great movie about journalism? Watch #Spotlight
RT @LinseyDavis: Charlie Murphy dead: Comedian, 'Chappelle Show' star dies at 57 | https://t.co/mpThRuIRfv https://t.co/H1QByMIPNt
RT @business: Supreme Court is back at 9 justices, or a 4-4 split with Kennedy in the middle https://t.co/S4qeoNaJPi via @BV https://t.co/Y…
RT @ussoccer: It's official! USA, Canada and Mexico declare intention to submit unified bid to host 2026 FIFA World Cup.		Details: https://…
RT @KenOwenDePauw: This Just In - @DePauwU's Next Ubben Lecturer is Rob Lowe on May 1! 	https://t.co/8PPFr1R9OX https://t.co/ylpW9ILoAr
You've got to be kidding... https://t.co/6R7CdOZcC7
RT @Prof_McCall: Advertisers need to be more culturally responsible. See my column on @cnsnews https://t.co/pelUvZZS98
RT @Prof_McCall: Senators should not be forcing TV into the Supreme Court, as I say in comments for @thehill. https://t.co/hjQ8XvPSdm
RT @Prof_McCall: The Supreme Court was not created for reality TV. Senators apparently don't know that. See my column in @thehill.  https:/…
RT @FoxNewsSunday: .@McConnellPress: "We are going to confirm Judge Gorsuch this week."
Just awful https://t.co/neYoLccM9f
RT @brookbanktv: The Land. #Cleveland #ThisIsCle @WEWS https://t.co/gFKeGvA953
RT @FortuneMagazine: Arkansas Governor signs bill reinstating voter ID law https://t.co/A6ixeZwYLm
RT @wkyc: Ohio's gas prices dip further below national average: https://t.co/eZ9mGYnjMQ. https://t.co/3oLUPNb577
RT @business: Saudi Arabia slashes taxes for Aramco before what may be the world's biggest IPO https://t.co/nPZc9dDc1N https://t.co/SZHotwC…
RT @FoxNewsInsider: .@JudgeTedPoe Resigns From House Freedom Caucus Over GOP Health Care Bill @foxandfriends @kilmeade https://t.co/C9NFcRb…
RT @FoxNews: .@AP: People begin leaving Parliament after attack and lockdown. https://t.co/EMtm9W8ZUS https://t.co/VhrvH0d9za
RT @FoxNews: Witness: Car mowed down at least 5 people on Westminster Bridge, near Parliament. https://t.co/EMtm9W8ZUS https://t.co/rsLQLo9…
RT @ShepNewsTeam: THIS DAY IN HISTORY: Alcatraz closes its doors after housing some of the 20th century’s most notorious criminals #Alcatra…
RT @bydanaferguson: Newsroom hopping on a Tuesday night @TheDePauw https://t.co/lov0n86sx2
RT @ABC: JUST IN: FBI Director Comey: "I have no information that supports" Pres. Trump's wiretapping claims. "We have looked carefully." h…
RT @LarrySabato: Comey shoots down Trump's tweets about Obama wiretapping on behalf of the FBI and Justice Dept. Categorical and significan…
RT @ChuckGrassley: FBI Dir Comey needs to be transparent + tell the public what he told me about whether he is or is not investigating @POT…
RT @jonfortt: Rep. Trey Gowdy implying that reporters should be prosecuted for publishing classified information. Interesting 1st Amendment…
RT @BretBaier: Happy St. Patrick's Day!   Here are our Leprechauns - with the map of Ireland on their faces!  ☘️🇨🇮 https://t.co/afeSCxKuNp
RT @Varneyco: .@POTUS to meet Germany's Angela Merkel at the White House. It could get awkward. Remember this? https://t.co/0K6D8KBRMD
@jimcramer Book recommendations for someone in college looking to go into business news?
@DavidMuir What is your advice for an intern working in a newsroom? How do interns separate themselves from the pack?
RT @NBCNightlyNews: WATCH: This colorblind 4th grader can finally see the world in full color.		@kristendahlgren has this story tonight on…
RT @business: Senate confirms Dan Coats as director of national intelligence https://t.co/pqw377dkVg https://t.co/wuJjMr5pXM
Any book recommendations on business or economics for someone currently in college?
RT @umichbball: FINAL from DC: MICHIGAN WINS! 		#GoBlue #B1GTourney https://t.co/Jbm2NCsGLJ
What an unreal run. https://t.co/OZKsYxIqmg
RT @FoxNews: Jobs created in February. https://t.co/ZyBnDcOXDO
RT @espn: What a week. What a run. 		After plane scare, Michigan wins four games in four days to take its first Big Ten tournament title si…
It truly amazes me that @DePauwU can preach academic excellence, then close Roy/Julian every Saturday evening -- even during midterms.
RT @FoxNews: Unemployment rate - February: 4.7%. https://t.co/3yNLsCGgC5
RT @FoxNews: New jobs added in February - 235,000. https://t.co/Z6vqs2xXsG
RT @ChicagoBears: Jay Cutler has officially been released. https://t.co/W4kmpQoVVZ
RT @KPRCBrandon: #Galveston Police: A woman is dead, following an officer-involved shooting at 11th Street and Broadway. @KPRC2 https://t.c…
RT @thehill: Anonymous donor gives NY Times $1M for student subscriptions https://t.co/5o2HhBiMSO https://t.co/jlU1k6pHrM
RT @TuckerCarlson: .@SpeakerRyan: We are keeping our promises on health care. This is a win for conservatives -TCT #Tucker @FoxNews
RT @BretBaier: Not selling anything--reporting how the White House is selling it &amp; saying it's the start of a negotiation. &amp; where the leve…
RT @CBSNews: FBI has opened investigation into theft and posting of the alleged CIA documents released on the WikiLeaks website https://t.c…
RT @FoxNews: Do you feel a draft? Sweden brings back military conscription https://t.co/mVvxqA9yub
RT @NBCNightlyNews: Today marks 20 years since the deadly drive-by shooting of rapper Notorious B.I.G. https://t.co/4JR2wazl99 https://t.co…
RT @FoxNews: .@SpeakerRyan: "If we simply did nothing... the collateral damage in this country would be awful." https://t.co/U3COFWdqHk
RT @FoxNews: 'Uh, No': @SenateMajLdr Says Mexico Will Not Pay for the Border Wall	https://t.co/v1wB99ypIl
RT @CNBC: Russian energy minister: We did not interfere in US domestic politics https://t.co/Md040EV7H4
RT @Prof_McCall: The polarization of nation very obvious in wide shots of #JointSession . Dems refuse to stand for even things such as addi…
RT @BretBaier: Always tough to follow the President -but also difficult to talk about the future of the Democrat party with a former Govern…
RT @Prof_McCall: TV ratings for Oscars drop. Hollywood has a tin ear. Public wants entertainment, not political activism in awards shows.
Playing tennis this morning with @mitchdeshurko. First time playing in years.
RT @BretBaier: Some at CNN &amp; NYT stood w/FOX News when the Obama admin attacked us &amp; tried 2 exclude us-a WH gaggle should be open to all c…
RT @BretBaier: Several times but most prominently when we were excluded from Feinberg pool interview &amp; pool stood up &amp; backed us.  https://…
RT @brithume: So sad to hear of the death of Fox News colleague Alan Colmes. He and I agreed on little, but I liked him immensely. Good guy…
I can't believe it. Watching Hannity and Colmes with my parents every night is a vivid childhood memory of mine. He will sorely be missed. https://t.co/jJCYPtTnyN
@Mo_Fro3 just pulled out a large whiteboard during class to visually show how colleges limiting free expression is unconstitutional
RT @Prof_McCall: Students in @DePauwU media law class must remember that content neutrality is a key part of any time, place, and manner co…
Honored to accept two awards on behalf of @DePauwSigs at the Indiana @SigmaChi State Day. Exceptional effort from the whole chapter.
RT @FoxNews: NEWS ALERT: Gorsuch confirmation hearing set for March 20. https://t.co/Kq8ps9HsaJ
RT @FoxNews: BREAKING NEWS: Fox News confirms @POTUS will tap Alexander Acosta as new Labor Secretary nominee. https://t.co/eiimw3qYZ3
RT @ChrisSnyderFox: Trump signs H.J. Res. 38 - legislation undoing coal mining regulations, says miners "have put up with a lot"
RT @CNBC: Uber: the biggest challenge for our self-driving cars is finding cities to test them in https://t.co/ACoz9nQrSk
RT @FoxNews: FOX NEWS POLL: Nearly half of voters would confirm Gorsuch  https://t.co/GGJq6LVGiP via @foxnewspoll https://t.co/oolYExJROI
So excited to make my return to @D3TVTheSource tonight at 7:30
RT @FoxNews: BREAKING: Russian spy ship off the east coast of US, officials say https://t.co/dYzRVsd9G1 by @LucasFoxNews https://t.co/83Ens…
RT @litasheehan: @RobertNBCLA: #FansAndFriendsOfRobbie! #HeWillBeReportingFrom @GRAMMYU! #Tribute2 @GeorgeMichael @prince  #SoDont4get2Catc…
RT @Prof_McCall: Will chat at 8:15 ET with @ttuckerwwl @wwlamfm .  Topic is Trump-press battle.  Listen on line at WWL web site.  Much to d…
Excited for first @DePauwIFC meeting with @DMarkMcCoy
RT @johnrobertsFox: Tom Brady's historic career shows just how wrong people can be about a person's potential.6th round pick to best quarte…
RT @USAlumniAssoc: Jason Garrett '84 was named NFL Coach of the Year &amp; NE Patriots Dir. of Player Personnel Nick Caserio '94 is again a Sup…
I'm excited to see Goodell hand this trophy to Brady #Patriots
31 unanswered points. That is just ridiculous.
No greater quarterback than Brady.
RT @USATODAY: Her iTunes sales will soar because everyone remembered how good songs like #BadRomance are when the mood’s right. https://t.c…
RT @wkyc: No Superbowl game has EVER gone into overtime play, could this be the first? #SuperBowl2017
RT @Prof_McCall: Reports are that NFL spent $10 million on #SuperBowl halftime show. Was a spectacle, but not worth that kind of money.
RT @Prof_McCall: Yes. Good for her. Our nation needs a day to focus on football, a halftime show, and community. Save politics for another…
Unreal. This is why I love Tom Brady.
What a catch! What is happening?!?
I went into this halftime with low expectations for the performance...but wow. Pretty impressive.
RT @AngelaChenFOX26: Feels like Christmas again! Audience lit up place w their phone flashlights for @ladygaga #HalfTimeShow https://t.co/H…
RT @brianstelter: 🙏🏼 https://t.co/nzFOxJ287Q
RT @KPRCBrandon: Yo! The Big Game Big Give Party includes horses. https://t.co/xSAuKTkmDd
RT @NBCNews: JUST IN: Department of Homeland Security suspends "all actions" implementing President Trump's travel ban. More: https://t.co/…
RT @NBCNews: More protests heat up around the world against Trump https://t.co/fvZmA1Rwj5 https://t.co/SwYG9ddbur
RT @NBCNews: A Somalian refugee is running for Boston City Council https://t.co/bRwL6ETlQR via @NBCConnecticut https://t.co/mIBXGS0wbI
RT @NBCNews: Trump: "We're gonna be a little tough, folks. We're taken advantage of by every nation in the world virtually" https://t.co/Uu…
RT @washingtonpost: Why Trump’s rebuke could be good for Australia’s prime minister https://t.co/GaZYLUVf7y
RT @CBSNews: As zoo continues search for missing bobcat in Washington, D.C., officials cancel recess at nearby schools: https://t.co/mHqmwg…
RT @CBSNews: United Nations estimates 20,000 refugees are affected by Pres. Trump's travel ban: https://t.co/IEDXA3ZYjq https://t.co/7tnNkE…
RT @FoxNews: .@krauthammer: “@realDonaldTrump was entirely within his rights to fire an insubordinate Cabinet member.” #SpecialReport https…
RT @NBCNews: Attorney general nominee Jeff Sessions once told Sally Yates: You have "to say no to president" https://t.co/kW2uRrrLhF https:…
RT @FoxNews: Breaking News: The Senate Committee approves former Gov. Rick Perry for energy secretary. https://t.co/eT8OiuZAuF
RT @FoxNews: Stephen Miller: “It was a betrayal of her office and [Sally Yates] is being replaced with somebody who will enforce the laws o…
RT @BretBaier: Congratulations Tom Brokaw -on 50 years at nbcnews - and thank you again for the quote on… https://t.co/SnUO454MwA
RT @FoxNews: .@SpeakerRyan: "I think the rhetoric surrounding this could be used as a recruiting tool and I think that's dangerous." https:…
RT @joethomas73: What a great pro bowl!! AFC wins and I double my yearly win total all in the same night!
RT @USATODAY: President Trump's relationship with Silicon Valley is about to take a turn for the worst. https://t.co/zqXfvYasYu
First day of 2nd semester begins with @Prof_McCall Media Law class. Hard to believe that I haven't been in a classroom since May.
Special thank you to @BretBaier for the autographed copy of #ThreeDaysinJanuary. Excited to read it! https://t.co/KUPqfa9HFF
Now I have a four hour drive to Greencastle...
Nothing better than getting through customs knowing you're back in the greatest country on earth 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
RT @FoxNews: Trump to order Pentagon to hit ISIS harder, report says https://t.co/mFZ4Gk6Zt6
An utter travesty... https://t.co/ktgsqo1XxB
Why? Why is this a thing in a school? Between this and Madonna's speech, the idea of killing politicians is becoming disturbingly normalized https://t.co/kzpgmC0leN
RT @KenOwenDePauw: A big thanks to @NationalRoadMag for this piece -- I am thankful,flattered and awed @DePauwU https://t.co/IA8nj3jt5a
It's been an amazing time in India. Now I'm sitting in an airport in Zurich, Switzerland. Next stop: the greatest country on earth #USA
To many, the Supreme Court pick was the biggest prize in the election, not the presidency. https://t.co/kF4azvqNq8
RT @CNN: Mexican President Peña Nieto says his country "will not pay for any wall," despite US President Trump's claims https://t.co/MR7i89…
RT @FoxBusiness: Potential #SupremeCourt picks: https://t.co/x8A5UvIFPf
RT @BretBaier: this is true... we'll be doing a longer story on it tomorrow. https://t.co/ORekE8zf37
RT @ABC: Texas Gov. Abbott threatens funding cuts over sanctuary cities. "Stiffer penalties coming." https://t.co/t3ApST1Anc https://t.co/j…
RT @CNN: Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May to visit President Trump in Washington on Friday https://t.co/DFxtdU9mHj https://t.co/ivSmUAo…
RT @CNN: Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal withdrawal will be Pres. Trump's first executive action today, two sources say https://t.co/R…
RT @jaketapper: Sr WH official: POTUS's first executive action on Monday will be to withdraw from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, per @JDiam…
What? Wow. https://t.co/i5JHZS4c7A
RT @FoxNews: Netanyahu accepts Trump invitation to visit US after phone call https://t.co/uGLkPbq2Mz
This just brought some levity to my day 😂😂 https://t.co/h61eNsJU7u
Hard to believe https://t.co/sGLBGm6nMS
RT @FoxNews: Congratulations to the NFC Champions @AtlantaFalcons ! https://t.co/hYZHF0pTYR
RT @NBCNews: UPDATE: United Airline says "We're working on a resolution. We apologize for the inconvenience." https://t.co/D2YZEMZtDq https…
RT @BretBaier: Good night everyone. See you tomorrow! Went into @BNBuzz Barnes &amp; Noble tonight &amp; saw #ThreeDaysInJanuary up front-always ps…
RT @TheRealSlamtana: RIP. Can't believe it. May God bless their souls. And strength and blessings to their families. https://t.co/wjlnT0cPxx
I just got wifi on my phone in India and remembered we have a new president. Wow...hard to believe. https://t.co/i7yHaKBAbL
RT @BsbLifestyle__: A retired baseball field turned into a neighborhood in Japan ⚾️😍🔥 https://t.co/LQiHGIxa4t
RT @BretBaier: An amazing turnout in Vero Beach! Even met a former guard of President Eisenhower! #ThreeDaysInJanuary https://t.co/I75LaVP5…
RT @ABC: San Francisco man returns 100-year overdue library book that his great grandmother checked out in 1917. https://t.co/VgPz0g7dBj ht…
RT @espn: Go Pack Go!		Green Bay beats the Cowboys on a last-second field goal and advances to the NFC championship game. https://t.co/d4ud…
RT @BretBaier: Stay tuned for #ThreeDaysInJanuary on @FoxNews @FNReporting coming up NOW!   Or set the DVR!! https://t.co/e6IrfUaSnJ
RT @ABC: Dramatic dashcam video released by Kansas Highway Patrol shows semi-truck lose control, almost hitting trooper. https://t.co/4xk1G…
RT @ABC: Bush ethics attorney: Trump will be in violation of Constitution when he takes oath on Friday if foreign money not removed from or…
Beautiful weather in India. Not even halfway done... https://t.co/MJGvaPzZ9f
RT @NBCLA: Paris officials charge first 3 suspects in Kardashian heist https://t.co/igyVE7bQvg
RT @CNBC: India set to be Asia's standout economy as demonetization effect ebbs, HSBC says https://t.co/nT9HL8tOZP
RT @Indians: #TBT to Cody getting the final out of a sweep of the ALDS vs. Boston! https://t.co/8v1GXY21fz https://t.co/46plHhWqud
RT @BretBaier: Working on it. https://t.co/ch7OOYnMa8
RT @FinancialTimes: Tillerson sets stage for clash over South China Sea https://t.co/4d6K8exWyW
RT @FoxNews: Afghanistan's 'ghost soldiers' take scary toll on US taxpayers, says watchdog  https://t.co/YdxJk991uI via @perrych #FOXNewsWo…
@hotWheals @FootballScoop CFB is great because it empowers young kids and gives them chance to attend great schools. This subverts that.
@hotWheals @FootballScoop Interesting that it's meant to target college players. I don't by it survives.
RT @CNN: JUST IN: Charleston church shooter Dylann Roof should be sentenced to death, a federal jury finds https://t.co/JL12k1gl73 https://…
RT @BretBaier: Dylann Roof, who killed 9 black churchgoers in Charleston, S.C, is sentenced to death by a unanimous jury.
RT @BretBaier: Jury reaches verdict for #DylannRoof in penalty phase of Charleston church murders trial with a life or death decision to be…
@KPRCBrandon Considering going to Goa! I hear that area is amazing. Mostly I'll be in New Delhi for a wedding but I'd love to see it all!
@KPRCBrandon extremely insightful and motivating. Currently halfway through and loving every bit of it.
RT @BretBaier: Thank you @CBSThisMorning--always a pleasure! #ThreeDays https://t.co/X8Va8XWRLr
@megynkelly It's terrific and motivating. If you had one piece of advice for an aspiring correspondent like me, what would it be?
@brithume If you had one piece of advice for an aspiring correspondent, what would it be?
RT @ABothmann: "Winners take responsibility. Losers blame others." -@brithume; shared by @megynkelly in #SettleForMore #truth
Driving through India and reading @megynkelly book. Currently thriving. https://t.co/TyqW7BAuUO
RT @MSNBC: As @POTUS heads to Chicago for his farewell address, he’ll be taking @LesterHoltNBC with him. Full interview Fri 10/9c @NBC #Dat…
RT @ABC: Pres. Obama says he’s told Donald Trump you can't run the Oval Office "the way you would manage a family business." https://t.co/S…
RT @BretBaier: Good night!   I have an early morning tomorrow.  See you tomorrow 6-8p for SR &amp; I'll be on @oreillyfactor tomorrow night. 1…
RT @ABC: Pres. Obama on Malia and Sasha: "All I can say is they have turned out to be terrific young women" https://t.co/KBUzpUU1ra #thiswe…
RT @BretBaier: I'm on a flight to NYC-spent the day with the fam chilling out and it was great! Have book launch &amp; I'm tweeting on the way…
RT @RobertNBCLA: #GoldenGlobes: Cast/crew of #PeopleVOJSimpson asked what OJ would say of series? Almost in unison, "We don't care." https:…
RT @USAlumniAssoc: We would welcome Patriots Dir. of Player Personnel and US alumnus Nick Caserio '94 to the Browns in a heart beat! https:…
RT @cnnrrich22: @Robert_Sherman7 @DePauw_MBB love it, can't wait.
RT @cnnrrich22: Is @Robert_Sherman7 every going to return to the booth for @DePauw_MBB ???
@cnnrrich22 @DePauw_MBB February, bud. Back in February.
Amazing. So beautiful. I love this country. https://t.co/dGraynuXjV
Made it to Munich. Exciting place.
About to board. Excited to be in Munich tomorrow afternoon.
RT @ABC: Manchester, U.K. police find car that was lost for 6 months after driver forgot which parking garage he left it in. https://t.co/7…
RT @NBCLA: The landmark is in the midst of a $2 million to $3 million modernization. https://t.co/IHZrk2NgRa
RT @nytimes: Dylann Roof, in his journal: "I am not sorry. I have not shed a tear for the innocent people I killed." https://t.co/AMhyTXilSx
RT @TIME: Here's why the oil and gas industry is still nervous about Donald Trump's plans https://t.co/a10EPKwtgh
RT @WhiteHouse: "You have earned your place among the greatest of generations." —@POTUS to America's Armed Forces https://t.co/253rQSh19Z
RT @WSJ: Apple Confirms $1 Billion Investment in SoftBank Vision Fund https://t.co/qfIX7Kvwod
RT @ABC: Dylann Roof to jury deciding whether or not he'll get death penalty: "There's nothing wrong with me psychologically" https://t.co/…
RT @NBCNews: Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer says Republicans’ plan to overhaul Obamacare “would make American sick again” https://t.c…
RT @Ford_Springer: Megyn Kelly Confirms She’s Leaving Fox With Heartfelt Goodbye On ‘The Kelly File’ https://t.co/VtEezvGOt2 via @dailycall…
Excited to leave for India today with @RyGuy002. Will spend a night in Germany on the way over as well.
@megynkelly Congratulations on the new job and good luck. You will always be one of the talented journalists I aspire to be more like.
Terrifying. https://t.co/BYEhXNwvmJ
RT @CNBC: Self-made millionaire: Not buying a home is the single biggest millennial mistake https://t.co/caKZkKLYNZ
RT @KenOwenDePauw: Special Report with @BretBaier '92 Was Cable's #3 News Show in 2016 @DePauwU https://t.co/HwkVGocDRI https://t.co/2u3HrY…
@KPRCBrandon happy new year to you as well, Brandon!
@KPRCBrandon I'm trying. It's hard.
Wishing you a Happy New Year from Believeland. Thanks for coming, boys. @ Cleveland, Ohio https://t.co/sHyNuzGVPR
RT @nfldraftscout: And the #Browns are on the clock...
The Browns lose, in overtime, to the Steelers 2nd string team. Simply abhorrent.
Honestly, hilarious.
This game perfectly sums up why Browns fans are always so miserable.
RT @megynkelly: Many reporters are writing articles about me and my future at Fox. Don't believe a thing u hear unless it comes from me, pe…
RT @realDonaldTrump: TO ALL AMERICANS-	#HappyNewYear &amp; many blessings to you all! Looking forward to a wonderful &amp; prosperous 2017 as we wo…
If Penn State and Wisconsin don't win, the Big Ten will look like such an overrated train wreck.
Hate to be Captain Obvious, but Michigan looks awful.
RT @NBCLA: Did you feel it? A preliminary 3.1-magnitude #earthquake rattled the Anza area of Riverside County https://t.co/mZVTWYmVVl
@mitchdeshurko take notes. https://t.co/ptXAFdCc7e
RT @VladoBotsvadze: Things money can't buy: 		Manners 	Morals 	Respect 	Character 	Common sense 	Trust 	Patience 	Class 	Integrity 	Love ht…
RT @wkyc: Raise a cup: Red Solo inventor dies https://t.co/uKSPN5Pd8E https://t.co/L2DJOiDsWJ
See my last retweet as well. Significant increase in Police fatalities due to being ambushed. https://t.co/8ykevDz96a
RT @wikileaks: Russia promises statement, retaliation to Obama's expulsion of 35 Russian diplomats, sanctions https://t.co/ruWGtGcV0i
RT @MSNBC: Firearm-related police deaths increased by 56 percent since last year, a new report shows: https://t.co/r8kINWTTRq https://t.co/…
Spot on @Prof_McCall 	"2016 Was a Bad Year for Prime Time Network TV, Opines Prof. Jeff McCall - DePauw University" https://t.co/msbzGhrs2M
RT @SkyNews: John Kerry says a "two-state solution is the only way to achieve lasting peace between Israelis and Palestinians" https://t.co…
RT @Indians: Calling it: #CBJ wins their 14th straight in 19 innings.		Congrats Jackets! https://t.co/QLit8VYOSx
Will this ever end? https://t.co/ynhOL4D7ie
@Garrett_FoxNews Hey Garrett! Hope the holidays are treating you well. Did you get my email by chance?
RT @BretBaier: Sure. Plenty of spots. Various booksellers have them.  https://t.co/mc4lQIoKgU. Or dm me with a list &amp; I'll send signed book…
RT @DePauwSigs: Be sure to check out Xi alum Bret Baier's new book! It comes out on shelves this January! #sigmachi #xichapter #alumni http…
@BretBaier Is there any way @DePauwSigs can buy a signed copy?
The stock market surge continues. https://t.co/Cfaw6DJ3ng
RT @cnni: Gunmen have kidnapped an outspoken Iraqi journalist, Afrah Shawqi al-Qaisi, after storming her home in Baghdad https://t.co/HrOzy…
RT @jonfortt: New on #ForttKnox: Leadership from the heart and head. https://t.co/vMYRF1ncTB https://t.co/GyL9EjG2Rw
RT @HoustonChron: Reports: Mexican man dissolves Tinder date in acid https://t.co/FiYPjunClK
RT @CNBC: Trump picks former Bush aide Bossert as homeland security advisor https://t.co/DDe43jR8zB
RT @NBCLA: Obama and Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to seek reconciliation at Pearl Harbor https://t.co/Qv3lHZBZAq
RT @Fit_Motivator: #TuesdayMotivation https://t.co/XkfkA8DPq1
RT @BretBaier: Told the boys they couldn't see if Santa came until 6am-he did &amp; we've been up since 6:01am putting batteries in things. Mer…
RT @NBCLA: President Obama has also said he will stay in D.C. after the end of his term. https://t.co/2DWMpepI8a
RT @USATODAY: Next week should be a fun one in the NFC. https://t.co/a7Q85lXNnD
RT @nytimes: Looking back at 2016, in pictures: Climate change created a new class of refugees https://t.co/RJBgubii18 https://t.co/tYrV9XO…
RT @CNNPolitics: Sen. Lindsey Graham says he will propose a measure to pull US funding for the UN after the Israeli settlement vote https:/…
RT @jaketapper: Israeli @AmbDermer: #Israel won't be 'kicked in teeth' and not respond https://t.co/eLiq04WHij #TheLead
Since I have been privately called out for who I retweet, I feel obligated to remind my followers that "RT's aren't endorsements."
RT @realDonaldTrump: As to the U.N., things will be different after Jan. 20th.
RT @realDonaldTrump: The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace.Too bad, but we wi…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Merry Christmas and a very, very, very , very Happy New Year to everyone!
Wow. Has PC gone too far, yet? https://t.co/nUl4ogrFZi
RT @TIME: Singer George Michael dies at 53 https://t.co/Y9TELyoOCi
Merry Christmas @pdoocy. Keep up the exceptional work. Did you get my email by chance?
Love hearing Mike Breen yell "blocked by James!" When LeBron destroys a wimpy shot.
RT @clevelanddotcom: The Cavs trail the Warriors at the half, 55-52. #Cavs #Warriors https://t.co/HEeCeBpI3o
RT @Tom_The_Bomb3: The Cavs and Warriors' passing and ball movement is really fun to watch. Lots of cuts and off-ball screens. How basketba…
RT @BBCBreaking: No survivors found after Russian military plane crashes into Black Sea, near Sochi - Russian Defense Ministry https://t.co…
RT @MSNBC: Netanyahu lashes out at Obama over U.N. West Bank settlements vote https://t.co/1wAeBuMHb0 https://t.co/Jbpzga8Ecb
RT @MSNBC: Watch the Obamas' final Christmas address to the nation: https://t.co/LEHxyICzHg https://t.co/AxuczM9RYE
RT @cavs: RETWEET this to vote LEBRON JAMES to @NBAALLSTAR!	 	#NBAVOTE
Merry Christmas to all! Stay safe, keep warm, and enjoy the holiday season #merrychristmas #HappyHolidays
@kevincorke Merry Christmas!
RT @wikileaks: Assange on the US election: "Clinton tried to destroy us and was herself destroyed." https://t.co/ZzwL0Bq02a
RT @ABC: JUST IN: Russian military plane with 91 aboard missing over Black Sea https://t.co/SnZuStLp8y
Christmas came early for the @Browns with that 20-17 win over the @Chargers #Believeland
RT @Browns: Duuuuuuuukkkkeee		#SDvsCLE https://t.co/BCAK2HciAq
RT @cleveland19news: Lots of empty seats at the Cleveland Browns vs. San Diego Chargers game https://t.co/IzYrHoM9Tm https://t.co/QRLiTOtVrD
RT @NBCNews: "Star Wars" actress Carrie Fisher is in intensive care following heart attack on plane, her brother says https://t.co/BHKXgpa6…
RT @NBCNews: Details emerge of Berlin truck attack suspect's journey to Italy https://t.co/CwugXjSOZe https://t.co/ReHUtnVMt0
RT @Indians: #12DaysofTribe Day 11: Trivia!		Kip's 23 second-half doubles ranked where in the AL?		Prize: Signed Kip ball.	Rules: https://t…
RT @FoxNews: Kellyanne Conway to serve as Counselor to the President, Trump announces #BREAKING
I've said it all year. If the @Browns go 0-16 I am never rooting for them again. https://t.co/v7selFToqs
@DePauwAthletics @DePauwTigersFB Props to Senior Kicker Marko Adams on cracking the Top 10. https://t.co/Iw1bzPt8Oq
RT @TheJK_Kid: Thank you Santa! #EE @Indians https://t.co/YQAGyqG70u
Edwin Encarnacion to the @Indians!!!!!!! #GoTribe
RT @MLB: .@Indians, 1B/DH Edwin Encarnacion agree to 3-year deal with option for 2020, source tells @JesseSanchezMLB. Club hasn't confirmed…
@TheBobBecker @KenoshaKingfish Oh wow! I can't take credit for the design but I will happily wear those every day! #FearTheFish
It just never ends. Awful. https://t.co/Qy27ZEbD2c
RT @NBCNews: Watch: Brothers of Berlin attack suspect speak out https://t.co/JLppVEXGNG https://t.co/lcsi8RBiAp
RT @CNN: JetBlue forced a man off a flight after an apparent incident involving Ivanka Trump and her husband https://t.co/gZ3J7B6rKZ
RT @CNN: Edward Snowden has been in contact with Russian intelligence officials, according to a new Congressional report https://t.co/jsToD…
RT @CNN: Berlin attack: Fingerprints link manhunt suspect to truck https://t.co/bKqwoBiCPl https://t.co/7XO62gsnaM
@erin_cathleenn just a motivating underdog story.
@erin_cathleenn "sk8r boi" may not be the best song ever, but it's definitely top 5.
RT @NBCNightlyNews: JUST IN: Syrian military asserts Aleppo has been fully retaken, ending 4-year rebel hold over parts of the city. https:…
RT @FoxNews: Ikea to pay $50M to families of toddlers killed by dressers | https://t.co/3bpVbXK0aL
RT @cnnbrk: Trump names RNC communications director Sean Spicer as White House press secretary https://t.co/Gngrq3qT0k https://t.co/rRkh2iY…
@bruins_go Not going back, actually. Hope is to head east and work in news for network/cable TV. Will find out soon!
RT @NBCNightlyNews: Gas line ruptures, ignites explosion in Columbus, Ohio: "It sounded like a bomb going off." @BlakeNBC reports now on @N…
RT @NBCNightlyNews: Another case of alleged road rage leads to another child being shot, this time in Oregon. @Miguelnbc reports now on @NB…
RT @NBCNews: Arrest made in Oregon road rage shooting that injured an 8-year-old girl https://t.co/jCiwtetLrR https://t.co/HF30r1HjZK
RT @CNN: Berlin attack suspect was arrested in Germany in August with forged documents, but was released by a judge https://t.co/XBZL6hwdZQ
RT @Browns: 10 seasons.	10 Pro Bowls.		@joethomas73 selected to team record 10th #ProBowl » https://t.co/gSNVLVuomn https://t.co/YaKpYekWb7
Well, that's just awesome. Congrats! Wish I could have been on the call for that. Back to work in February #RollTigs #TeamDePauw https://t.co/vz5wTpMWW9
RT @abc13houston: Four more officials charged in #Flint water crisis debacle: https://t.co/KIuhi3Mqj1 https://t.co/9fSn0SDucq
RT @NBCNews: Obama places sweeping ban on offshore drilling in Atlantic and Arctic waters https://t.co/22hRSEhd13 https://t.co/jT7GqXkuWG
RT @NBCNews: 60 hurt as explosion rips through fireworks market outside Mexico City https://t.co/zvA1ehxESh https://t.co/Ds0flIYUQ7
Wow. That was becoming a pretty heated interview on @FoxNews. Props to @TuckerCarlson for handling it like a pro.
What a wild day of news this has been.
RT @CNN: The Berlin Christmas market truck crash is now being investigated as an act of terrorism https://t.co/yjdcLDMi2K https://t.co/kJJH…
RT @CNN: Obama granted clemency to 231 individuals today, the largest number of grants on a single day of his presidency https://t.co/Rr5oF…
RT @CNN: BREAKING: Electoral College makes Donald Trump's presidential election official. https://t.co/sLSGmKmTcQ https://t.co/ZLKyCxNYPH
RT @CNN: Boeing says it will continue to cut jobs in 2017 https://t.co/HUgzJDHBmX https://t.co/FcgDpdVeTe
RT @FoxNews: Police in #Berlin are asking people to remain at home https://t.co/OOYBZA0S91
RT @FoxNews: Exclusive: Families of Orlando nightclub shooting victims sue Facebook, Twitter and Google  https://t.co/PpedJWOM0H via @aorei…
RT @FoxNews: #Breaking News: President-elect @realDonaldTrump has garnered the 270 #ElectoralCollege votes needed to become president. http…
The "Preppy Robert and His Cat" Christmas card coming to a Hallmark near you. Message me for… https://t.co/jz44OeXHBe
The Browns have always been bad, but they've never been "blown out by the Bills" bad.
RT @KenoshaKingfish: Home Run Derby showstopper, Zac Pallissard, has been named Kingfish General Manager! https://t.co/ml9J9tv7bQ
RT @NBCNightlyNews: DEVELOPING: US Defense official: Chinese Navy has stolen an unmanned, underwater glider drone from the USS Bowditch off…
Missing Texas a lot right now... https://t.co/7HNoGpC7V4
The world lost a great broadcaster today. Craig Sager will be sorely messed. A TV personality whom I greatly admired.
RT @espn: Craig Sager, a beloved broadcaster for Turner Sports, has died.		He was 65. https://t.co/4IDqIBTkDH
RT @FoxBusiness: FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler to step down on January 20th. https://t.co/ypG2bpSGCU
RT @ABC: JUST IN: President-elect Donald Trump intends to nominate U.S. Congressman Ryan Zinke as Secretary of the Interior. https://t.co/y…
RT @CBSNews: Wake Forest has fired a radio analyst who attempted to leak football game plans to opponents, school says https://t.co/hbUnuOJ…
So thankful to have the opportunity to connect with fellow @UnivSchool alum @RobertNBCLA this evening! Terrific insight on the industry.
RT @FoxNews: THE PICK IS IN: Trump announces he intends to nominate ExxonMobil CEO Tillerson as Secretary of State https://t.co/Q4uwZspmpT
@bpdyer87 I don't think so. Not sure where I'll be next summer but I'm working through all of that now. Trying to do a little more in news.
@JoeyOlson614 thanks bud haha and not this trip but I'll be back in Wisconsin to visit sometime for sure
Currently driving through Mississippi after concluding my internship with @KPRC2 yesterday. Thank you for such a terrific experience.
Helping @KPRC2 with the Hairspray live shot tonight. https://t.co/oZBuNU00it
@KPRCBrandon @KPRC2 Thought it went really well! Just put it up on YouTube: https://t.co/b1572Znmcx
@TPSchwartzII I felt Washington would get it but I felt Penn State was deserving. Can't feel bad about either decision...no wrong answers.
RT @KPRC2: Final four college football teams to play for national title.	1-Alabama 2-Clemson 3-Ohio St 4-Washington @NCAA
Let's saddle up for the Orange Bowl. Tough draw for PSU...I think there 39 point loss to Michigan was a big blemish on their resume.
Penn State should get final spot. That performance last night was impressive.
Today is our @KPRC2 intern newscast! So excited! Let's hope the rain holds off...
Brother Bret has that GQ style down #LifeLoyalSig https://t.co/7W53waZRVu
RT @BretBaier: 2 US defense officials tell @FoxNews French fighter jets conducted strike in Libya which is believed to have killed senior a…
RT @BretBaier: The shelter in place is lifted at Ohio State after a reported active shooter on campus &amp; the scene is "now secure," accordin…
RT @BretBaier: Good morning! Happy Monday. Back to the office this morning-ready to go.   Your thoughts on the news day? Suggestions?  Make…
RT @KenoshaKingfish: Cyber Monday deals! 20% off the entire American Outfitters Team Store. Use promo code-CYBERMONDAY. https://t.co/MVWG7k…
RT @Indians: We're thinking of everyone at OSU this morning. Stay safe.
We live in a scary, tumultuous world. Tragedy can strike in our own backyards. Pray for Ohio State.
RT @Joe_Davis: Broadcasting nerd that I am, grew up dreaming of calling championship games. Pumped to do one Friday -- CU/UW in the Pac-12…
RT @espn: New AP top 10:	1. Alabama	2. Ohio St.	3. Clemson	4. Washington	5. Michigan	6. Wisconsin	7. Oklahoma	8. Penn St.	9. Colorado	10. U…
RT @Indians: Just out for a Sunday walk(off). https://t.co/n61hh35uGi
@cbfowler as a Michigan fan and aspiring network broadcaster, I think you did an exceptional job on the call today. Big fan of your work.
Great point. Didn't think of that. https://t.co/nyRFZvOVxS
Ref appeared to prematurely signal first down. Tough. Not the single reason Michigan lost, though. https://t.co/TvNiY21FIc
RT @KirkHerbstreit: Thank you @OhioStateFB &amp; @UMichFootball for an EPIC chapter to "The Game". Both teams left in ALL on the field. What th…
See lots of fellow Mich. fans criticizing refs. Sure, there were tough calls. Refs didn't force 3 TOs, costly penalties, and 100 yds to JT.
RT @FoxNews: .@marcorubio on the death of #FidelCastro. https://t.co/hfe8PQgk9V
@Lilrayray36 @Mathieu_Era OSU forced mistakes, Mich made mistakes, OSU consistently capitalized and adjusted. Better team won.
@hunter_wasser My tweet was "changed the trajectory." Michigan would have been at midfield with a 10 point lead. 2 plays later: INT to 15.
@frankie_lord Well, "Go Blue" is the traditional Michigan rallying cry, so again your tweet leaves me confused.
@frankie_lord what exactly was too soon? That I tweeted it was fitting the game of the year went into OT?
Michigan's countless mistakes let OSU stick around. Michigan was clearly better for 3Q's...then OSU figured it out and responded.
Mason Cole's face mask penalty changed the trajectory of this game. Congrats OSU.
Missed that interference call.
TOUCHDOWN! Speight delivers in the clutch.
RT @UMichFootball: Overtime. 		#GoBlue #BeatOSU https://t.co/7lIHsCEHox
How fitting. #GoBlue
RT @UMichFootball: Taco Charlton now has a sack in four consecutive games. 		#GoBlue #BeatOSU
I voted for the #GoBlue banner! Which tradition did you vote for in the @CFAPeachBowl Rival Week poll? #CFAPeachBowl https://t.co/Jq0osxYltY
This is sure to be a terrific installment of The Game. Personally, I still think both teams in 2006 were more talented. #GoBlue
Happy Thanksgiving, everyone! Thrilled to have the family in town and to be celebrating in Houston.
RT @alroker: A few #BehindtheScenes at @Macys #thanksgiving #parade https://t.co/w7OzJvwYhD
Unbelievable catch. Let's go @dallascowboys
Accompanying @KPRCRYAN on his live shot today.
RT @KJP: The only person you should be competing against is your younger self
RT @KPRC2: .@patagonia to donate 100% of its #BlackFriday sales	https://t.co/QjwHtcnoi1 #kprc2 https://t.co/iPcyIgp7io
RT @HaleyKPRC: Investigation shows "@ErinBrockovich" carcinogen is in parts of Houston's drinking water. Find out where &amp; what city has to…
RT @NBCNightlyNews: NEW: US Soccer: Jurgen Klinsmann "relieved of his duties" as head coach of US Men’s National Team.
Excited to have the family in Texas this week for Thanksgiving!
Michigan's offense looks anything but stellar right now.
RT @Indians: #TribeSpring schedule is out! 		#WorldSeries Game 8 is set for Feb. 26 in Mesa; Game 9 is March 24. https://t.co/aoAgpZ41lX ht…
RT @Harry1T6: 🚨GOOD TRUMP🚨 https://t.co/3yEhPY9gSA
RT @Reuters: UPDATE: Trump formally picks Sessions for attorney general, Pompeo for CIA director, Flynn for national security adviser - sta…
RT @FoxNews: Youngest son of Rep. John Conyers found safe https://t.co/zZBph3vgBE
RT @USATODAY: Monica Conyers, Carl Conyers' mother, confirmed that her son is alive and safe and back with her. https://t.co/EAdenxT22g
RT @ESPNCFB: DOWN GOES LOUISVILLE!		Houston completely shuts down Lamar Jackson and the No. 5 Cardinals on Senior Night. https://t.co/gsDdR…
RT @espn: The RB can pass too! 		Houston is making a statement against No. 5 Louisville and leads 31-0 on ESPN: https://t.co/Ma0xEmC5uH
Potential shooting at Lone Star College - North Harris being called a hoax. About 500 students evacuated.
Here on the scene with @KPRCBrandon https://t.co/wxO5HHRtF0
RT @TheDePauw: Professor arrested on drug possession charges https://t.co/wBPJSO7qCH
RT @CNN: Trump offered retired Army Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn the role of national security adviser, a transition official says https://t.co/H…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant i…
RT @Indians: You're going to -- clears throat -- *love* this news: 		Pitchers &amp; Catchers report on Feb. 14!	Full squad: Feb. 18.		So close.…
RT @KPRCBrandon: Monica Conyers says she last spoke to her son, #CarlConyers, Tuesday. @KPRC2 https://t.co/O7m3Yw2Gzr
Wow. 		"First on CNN: Trump, Romney to meet this weekend @CNNPolitics https://t.co/dE91insSk3"
RT @Reuters: JUST IN: Trump is considering Mitt Romney for secretary of state - report. See further shortlist here: https://t.co/VVKxMnFA0m…
RT @an_feilding: BREAKING: Donald Trump To Meet With Mitt Romney For Possible Top Cabinet Position (VIDEO) https://t.co/o3c5ZNKZBr
Ms. Conyers has arrived at Bush Intercontinental. https://t.co/IQ3vjZxTTL
Helping cover the disappearance of Rep. Carl Conyers' son in Houston today. Will be at Bush Intercontinental Airport with @KPRCBrandon
RT @FoxBusiness: JUST IN: The #Dow closes at a record high for the fourth straight session. https://t.co/85J1yIHr5x
RT @CNN: When ISIS left villages near Mosul, Iraq, they left behind booby traps. Now, families who fled are returning home https://t.co/NYb…
RT @NBCNews: Kenya sets over 5,000 guns on fire to deter crime https://t.co/B8ILRnJz49 via @NBCNewsPictures https://t.co/tolX28OzFK
RT @NBCNews: Fist fight breaks out in Ukrainian parliament after opposition leader gets accused of working for the Kremlin https://t.co/StM…
RT @AlexNBCNews: Paul Ryan was unanimously re-elected by House Republicans as nominee for Speaker. Now he needs to be elected by full House…
RT @KenOwenDePauw: Journalist Gwen Ifill, Who Came to @DePauwU as Ubben Lecturer in 1997, Dies at Age 61 https://t.co/z5z7qUMh5o https://t.…
RT @DePauw_WBB: 3 words: Friday's the day! https://t.co/6wmXEFXjSA
RT @TheDePauw: Tigers win!!! What a game!! DePauw is bringing home the bell! https://t.co/1xCPIXKueN
RT @DePauwU: We are bringing back the bell!! @DePauwTigersFB beat Wabash in the 123rd Monon Bell Classic
RT @KenOwenDePauw: At the top of the Sunday @IndyStar sports section @DePauwTigersFB #d3fb #MononBell https://t.co/Dei2JTr7jV
RT @MLBGIFs: When it’s Monday but remember it’s your birthday … Happy 23rd to @Lindor12BC! https://t.co/lFe03knDpH
Had a great week visiting @DePauwU for #Monon week. Awesome time and am glad we got the bell back! Back to Houston!
RT @KPRC2: New study shows the use of smartphones could be ruining the quality of sleep you get. https://t.co/pagddpkijm https://t.co/U85hR…
Departing Houston today after helping cover local elections for a couple of days. Now, it's back to the Castle. Let's bring that bell back.
RT @Indians: Doing some redecorating. https://t.co/tBgtfenmbb
RT @ABC: NEW: Pres. George W. Bush called President-elect Trump to congratulate him: "We pray for the success of our country" https://t.co/…
RT @reidepstein: US presidential election turnout	2004: 122 million	2008: 131 million	2012: 129 million	2016: 125 million
While Republicans picked up sweeping victories on the national level, Harris County DA and Sherriff went to Democrats last night.
RT @Prof_McCall: Tonight's results confirm what I have said for a year. Media polls are not helpful and are designed for media, not public.…
I expected Trump to take Ohio but not by that wide of a margin. Ohio has picked the president in every election since 1960.
RT @kprcrobert: @KPRCJoel and I have both sides of the @HarrisCountyDAO race. Final snapshot on @KPRC2 at 5. #Election2016 https://t.co/bIj…
RT @PhilArcher_KPRC: #Decision2016 Long line at NYC poll https://t.co/wDsuyRFXWK
RT @KPRCRYAN: Our broadcast spot for @kprc2 at 5 from #nyc #decision 2016 https://t.co/hgrf1ZHt1a
2016 election is both the first election I have voted in and the first election I will help cover. So excited!
RT @Jared_Sully0: Get up. Please get up..... hate seeing plays like that. #TommyArmstrong praying for you my man
RT @BigTenNetwork: Thinking of you, Tommy Armstrong.
"Much needed! On the board! Oregon!" Man I love you Joe Tessitore @espn
RT @espn: It's official: LeBron is a top-10 scorer.		Scroll through his journey and explore when he could top Kareem at No. 1: https://t.co…
Nice win today...but the big one against @wabashathletics just one week away! #MononBell2016 https://t.co/UE8xQTlfVz
RT @NCAC: #NCACVB16 - The championship match is underway between @WittAthletics &amp; @DePauwAthletics https://t.co/UDvo9NILRa
It's impressive that Michigan is 9-0. Even more impressive they get noticeably better each week. #GoBlue
RT @FOXSportsPR: World Series Game 7 average audience is over 40 million viewers - it is	the most-watched baseball game in 25 years.
What a game. What a hit. https://t.co/22Qv5D9EYM
RT @MLBastian: Cody Allen: "The season's been over for 40 minutes and we're chomping at the bit to get to Arizona."
RT @castrovince: Jason Kipnis: "We took a very good ballclub to extra innings in Game 7 of the World Series, so I’m not going to hang my he…
RT @Indians: Through everything, our guys never gave up. 		But our storybook season falls just short. 		Congrats to Chicago. #RallyTogether…
RT @alec_frankel: Win or lose, you made our city proud https://t.co/qVb4eixW1v
I don't tweet in hyperbole. This is one of the top 10 most heartbreaking moments of my life.		Congrats, Chicago. So proud of my @Indians
RT @Indians: Cubs get two in the 10th -- We're headed to the home half.		Nap, JRam, Guyer due up. Let's go!		#RallyTogether https://t.co/7h…
Well, here it is. 2 runs. That's it #RallyTogether
@MaxBaker17 same!
RT @MattASanders: If you're a meteorologist in the Ohio area, this is the highlight of your career. We want your information! #WorldSeries…
Rain delay. Somebody has a sick sense of humor.
Francisco. Lindor. #RallyTogether
RT @BenReiter: Be sure to check the date on which this was tweeted https://t.co/1jESbde421
RT @dschoenfield: Forget last night. That was one hell of an AB by Davis. One of the best in World Series history. Choked up. Fouled pitche…
RT @Indians: We are tied heading to the ninth, thanks to your boy @rajai11davis.		#RallyTogether https://t.co/8lfELYVzqw
Sit down bandwagon Tribe fans. That's why you don't talk about next year in the 5th inning #RallyTogether
Let's go! Keep it going.
RT @Indians: An awesome Postseason for another one of our pitchers. 		Miller time indeed. #RallyTogether https://t.co/7K3FqvHBlD
@JayTCannon what a tweet
RT @Haudricourt: That will be all for Miller. He gave everything he had and then some this postseason.
No matter who wins the WS, the real winner is the game of baseball. This type of World Series and attention is exactly what the game needed.
@JoeyOlson614 Wind swirls it's literally a toss up night to night
My point exactly. We've got a game again.
To every Indians fan on twitter, enough of the "oh well it was a good run" tweeting. Stand by The Tribe to the end. It's the 5th inning.
Wow.
RT @MaxBaker17: Sorry Cubs fans but I fail to see how ruining a guys life that tried to catch a foul ball means you deserve this World Seri…
RT @espn: When was the last time sports fans got to witness Game 7s in the World Series and NBA Finals in the same year?		1962.		It's been…
RT @GMA: Retweet if you're rooting for the Cleveland @Indians to win the 2016 #WorldSeries! #RallyTogether    https://t.co/jAYTxPRWFc
RT @Indians: 4-1 in the Postseason.	0.89 ERA.	35 K.		Here we go, Klubes. #RallyTogether https://t.co/HFw86OtPxE
RT @Indians: Let's do this, Cleveland.		#RallyTogether https://t.co/aZiXAkgKbS
RT @MLB: Jim Thome to throw out first pitch prior to #Game7, game ball to be delivered by Travis Hafner. #WorldSeries https://t.co/C3j7CIoU…
RT @TheJK_Kid: Love having a bunch of people send me this! It's time to #RallyTogether Cleveland! We need you guys now more than ever! Let'…
@Yolson2016 Thanks buddy! Good luck to your Cubs. It had to go 7 games
Thinking positively: The Indians made all of their mistakes in game 6 so they won't make them in game 7.
RT @BwagnerDePauw: Great seeing Salazar out there for @Indians. Amazing postseason run without #2/#3 starters. #RallyTogether
You have got to be kidding me. The Indians have been known for their exceptional defense and pitching this postseason. Both abysmal tonight.
Well Corey Kluber is going to have to throw a gem tomorrow it seems.
4 pitches in and Arrieta looks dirty. Oh boy.
@BretBaier If you had one piece of advice for a fellow Xi Chapter aspiring news anchor, what would it be?
Wow. Implosion.
Running the @DePauwU Snapchat today! Feel free to check out what my typical day in #Houston is like!
RT @Prof_McCall: And Smoltz knows what he is talking about... unlike many of the mouths on sports television. #WorldSeries https://t.co/9uJ…
Thanksgiving blend is back at Starbucks. Game changer.
RT @Indians: .@TheJK_Kid becomes the first player to hit a three-run homer in the #WorldSeries at Wrigley since ...		Babe Ruth. #RallyToget…
RT @Indians: BREAKING:		Corey Kluber -- 4-1, 0.89 ERA, 35 Ks in 30 IP this Postseason -- is really good. https://t.co/Zp0p8J0YRD https://t.…
RT @KingJames: 1 more BOYS!!!!! @Indians #RallyTogether
RT @BwagnerDePauw: 10 down, ONE to go #RallyTogether https://t.co/7M3WzXU0qL
@TPSchwartzII he's the beneficiary of a shallow pool in the AL no doubt. Porcello was the wide prediction going into the postseason but...
RT @erin_cathleenn: I'm just so utterly happy for my city. #CLE
Kluber better win the Cy Young
RT @based_ball: Indians playoff ERA: 1.71	without Miller: 1.92	without Kluber: 2.45	without Allen: 2.96	Cubs playoff ERA: 3.14
RT @Indians: Our 2-4 hitters: 8-13, 5 runs, 4 RBI		Kip: 3-5, HR, 3 RBI	Lindor: 2-4, BB	'Los: 3-4, HR		#RallyTogether https://t.co/ARpngWfqGa
RT @FoxNews: BREAKING: Indians defeat Cubs 7-2 in #WorldSeries Game 4, move one win from first title since 1948
3-1 let's gooooo!!!!! #RallyTogether
RT @DonWadewitz: Kipnis was a boyhood neighbor of Steve Bartman. #FearTheGoat #Cursed #Karma
KIPNIS!!!
Just saw a Texas knock off Baylor in Austin. God I love college football.
Hook 'Em @ Darrell K Royal-Texas Memorial Stadium - University of Texas https://t.co/XQ0oATYGyk
RT @Indians: .@Suntimes It's Josh TOMLIN. 		#RallyTogether https://t.co/PCos81njt2
RT @Indians: 2 to go.		#RallyTogether https://t.co/Zh7uudHZZQ
RT @WGRERadio: Big props from a BIG name! https://t.co/dmdQwuByzG
RT @ABC: JUST IN: Indians edge Cubs 1-0 at Wrigley Field for 2-1 series lead https://t.co/RxrH7TnvZA https://t.co/xPWTqL9YVT
And just like that, the Tribe just guaranteed that either they sweep in Chicago, or the Cubs will have to come back to Cleveland. Huge.
You never really saw it last night, but this Cubs lineup has to be the most patient group of hitters I have seen.
@Mo_Fro3 People have always been offended. Being offended just gets so much more traction now. The lemming effect: one does it, more follow.
RT @SordsOfficial: @cavs + @Indians = a great night to be a Cleveland'er
RT @barstoolsports: SUPER cocky https://t.co/HRYXKV6s5Y
RT @hasselESPN: All-or-nothing offense from Cubs through 11 postseason games:		7 games with 5 runs or more	4 games with 1 run or fewer
RT @SN_Ohio: WHAT. A. NIGHT. https://t.co/Zh7kPsboFg
Welcome to Cleveland. #RallyTogether
RT @SPORTalkIndians: To the 9th! #RallyTogether https://t.co/gSf4x6m2zu
RT @ithrow88: Two years ago I beat Corey Kluber 1-0....Today, I walked my 2 pugs while wearing a "pug life" t-shirt. Life comes at you fast.
RT @Indians: Three-run Robobomb!		6-0!		#RallyTogether
RT @savedbythebell: €leve£and i$ L¥t #tellyafriends
Tribe cracks it open. Pour it on boys!
Ice cold. My word. #RallyTogether
Boom
@JoeyOlson614 right next door
We are under way from the corner of Carnegie and Ontario.
RT @nickbaumgardner: Jim Harbaugh is 17-3 in his first 20 games at Michigan. Bo Schembechler was 17-3 in his first 20 games at Michigan.…
RT @cavs: TODAY.	 	IT’S HAPPENING. 💍	 	#CavsOpener || #WonForAll || #DefendTheLand https://t.co/3QQafXVE6f
RT @STAAtalent: You need a good vocab in PBP, but can it be too good? Jayhawks voice @BHanni with a word of caution: https://t.co/wuXLmwvP01
RT @USAlumniAssoc: MLB Network broadcaster Chris Rose '89 talks about how special it would be to see the Indians win it all. Go Tribe! http…
RT @BUAthletics: Did you know the @Indians won their last World Series at Nickerson Field (Braves Field)? Rhett thought we should send some…
@CBSThisMorning Nice try. Chicago (White Sox) hosted World Series in 2005.
RT @SportsTimeOhio: ICYMI: Francona lays out Indians' starting pitching plans for opening games of #WorldSeries https://t.co/wAEAYpjRZT htt…
@jazar103 Definitely. Interested to see how good Nebraska is.
@jazar103 Agreed. They lost by 3 points in one of the top 5 toughest atmospheres in the country after blocked FG. Committee will be lenient.
@jazar103 True but they still wouldn't be two undefeated teams. It would be sweet just not the same as 2006. I still think OSU is favorite.
@JimCosta_ *Vince Young
RT @SportsCenter: UPSET IN HAPPY VALLEY!		Penn State scores 17 points in the 4th quarter to take down the No. 2 Buckeyes! https://t.co/Cx99…
My projected Top 10:		1 Alabama	2 Michigan	3 Clemson	4 Washington	5 Louisville	6 Nebraska	7 Baylor	8 Ohio State	9 Wisconsin	10 Texas A&amp;M
Bittersweet. Happy Ohio State went down. Sad that it eliminates a potential 2006 rematch of two Top-5, undefeated rivals clashing in Nov.
@DomMiranda25 Cya in Cleveland, bud.
RT @espn: What an upset!		18-point underdog Penn State stuns No. 2 Ohio State 24-21 as the Buckeyes fall from the ranks of the unbeaten. ht…
Khalid Hill's picks up his 8th rushing TD of the year for @UMichFootball. All 8 have to be 2 yard runs or less. He's the closer.
With all of the different personnel changes and formations, that was probably the most diverse and creative @UMichFootball in years.
"Hey guys, check out this bus" @ Houston, Texas https://t.co/Oc95QrNyjY
RT @SportsCenter: Toronto has now lost twice to Cleveland in conference finals this year. https://t.co/4Q1FZhKkng
So excited for the World Series. Dream season being done in classic Cleveland fashion.
RT @cavs: CLEVELAND IS THE CITY
RT @MLB: #CLINCHED life.		Next up for the @Indians: Hosting #WorldSeries Game 1 on Tuesday. https://t.co/uGU25QMH6B
RT @MLB: 25 batters faced, 23 outs, 14 strikeouts.		Of course @a_miller48 is #ALCS MVP. https://t.co/LgdMESFlld
RT @Indians: We are World Series bound! 		#RallyTogether https://t.co/NDq37oF45f
RT @Indians: No Brantley.	No Cookie.	No Danny.	No Yan.	Bauer's finger.		And we are AL Champs. 		Now THOSE are some circumstances. #RallyTog…
RT @Espngreeny: In 2016, the city of Cleveland becomes the epicenter of American sports. Congratulations, great fans, waited a long, long t…
RT @JoeyOlson614: Congratulations to the Cleveland Indians! Dominant bullpen and an exciting lineup. Happy for @Robert_Sherman7's squad.
I love the Indians
@KPRCBrandon assuming I don't have too much fun, I'll be back in Houston on Tuesday. Service trip w/ @DePauwSigs
Making my first trip to @KPRCBrandon home town of New Orleans. First time in Louisiana as well. Now 31/50 states ✅ off the list.
RT @SportsTimeOhio: Game 1 of the ALCS goes to the @Indians!		Keep the party going with postgame coverage on STO!		STREAM: https://t.co/z5P…
Indians lost game one of the ALCS to Boston in 2007 but dont make the same mistake against Toronto in 2016. 1-0 #Believeland #RallyTogether
RT @Indians: Special visitor in the clubhouse.		Thanks for loaning it for a day, @cavs! #RallyTogether https://t.co/zRfmFLfNQB
Sat down with Houston area attorney Rand Mintzer today to discuss online gambling in Texas. https://t.co/UoZC0YJUP5
On another shoot today with @kprcbillspencer as he investigates the effectiveness of home security devices https://t.co/5gyJnmzmkV
RT @CNN: Exclusive to CNN, President Obama's mission to Mars: We can reach beyond earth's orbit https://t.co/raXQmLOudr https://t.co/UrfddA…
RT @KPRC2: Humble police searching for missing pregnant woman https://t.co/7qEIE1IbZA #kprc2 https://t.co/Tk0liWntwz
RT @Browns: #RallyTogether 	#RallyTogether 	#RallyTogether 		Congrats, @Indians! https://t.co/BYyUQfTJvI
RT @SportsCenter: INDIANS SWEEP!		Cleveland eliminates Boston advancing to the ALCS to take on Toronto. https://t.co/vY4NKjyFld
RT @30for30: #Believeland
SWEEP!!!! Believeland is still alive! Onto the ALCS #MarchOn #RallyTogether
RT @SPORTalkIndians: Your Cleveland #Indians are on to the Championship series!!! #RallyTogether https://t.co/12FpzdMeFr
RT @LesterHoltNBC: Debuting an updated @NBCNightlyNews look. See you tonight. https://t.co/wr1NzKzdzK
RT @Bill_ESPN: 60 yrs ago yesterday saw every pitch of NYY-Brklyn WS Don Larsen's perfect game in Officers Club at Eglin AFB-B/W TV-no colo…
RT @Prof_McCall: The first half hour of this "debate" has been cringe- worthy. Sad time for rational political dialogue. #debate #debate2016
RT @ESPNMadison: It's official @CollegeGameDay will be in Madison next weekend for Wisconsin vs Ohio State. It's. About. To. Go. Down. #Bad…
RT @UMichFootball: Complete effort.	Complete domination.	6-0. 		#GoBlue https://t.co/emMGGisK4A
RT @UMichFootball: Total Yards:		Michigan: 540	Rutgers: 10		#GoBlue
RT @ABC: Massachusetts man grows largest pumpkin grown in North America this year: 2,075-pounds! https://t.co/2p6zXnT1dH https://t.co/fNLAx…
RT @CollegeGameDay: Shoutout to this dude		(via @sportstalkmatt) https://t.co/uZGCuWjtmq
@MaxBaker17 I don't disagree but I question how many people could consciously want to tune into this Rutgers team.
Karan Higdon, Michigan's FOURTH STRING running back, just went over the century mark. Oh my.
Big Ten in 2014:"Yeah let's put Rutgers into the Big Ten! That decision can't go wrong."		Big Ten in 2016: "Wow."
Still not 100% sold on my Michigan team. They look unbelievable tonight but, let's be real, the @RFootball program is an abject disaster.
RT @JimCosta_: 1 yard in 30 minutes of football. No points and no first downs. 		#RutgersFootball
RT @USAlumniAssoc: Go Preppers! https://t.co/Ulj3ATIul5
RT @BroadcasterZach: Despite the flag, Jabrill is INSANE.
@Indians were just dominant last night AND now have a rested bullpen for Game 3. Just need enough offense and enough from Tomlin to win.
Out in the field again with @kprcrobert covering a story.
Game 1 to the Tribe! #RallyTogether
RT @KPRC2: #PrayersForHaiti: More than 280 people have died in Haiti as a result of #HurricaneMatthew https://t.co/zwC0gSIhfD https://t.co/…
Suspense is killer right now. What a battle.
RT @OverTheMonster: Xander, I don't mean to be rude, but what on God's green Earth was that mess of an AB?
6 solo home runs. Wow.
#RallyTogether 		Indians looking good right now. Bauer not perfect but, so far, enough.
RT @Indians: #RallyTogether https://t.co/bYV8qus6pe
Desperately needed K for Bauer.
RT @LesterHoltNBC: Crew and I just touched down in Orlando. About to caravan to the coast. Anchoring @NBCNightlyNews from Florida tonight.…
RT @KPRC2: Chuck E. Cheese fight between parents caught on video  https://t.co/KWe5kqgi0B #kprc2 https://t.co/AwNDBEu7vH
RT @ABC: JUST IN: Hurricane Matthew strengthens to a Category 4 hurricane as it approaches Florida. Winds are now 140 MPH. https://t.co/Ros…
Had a terrific morning in the studio watching @kprckhambrel host Houston Newsmakers
Joining @KPRCAndyCerota out in the field this afternoon.
Good debate and conversation provoking questions in this debate. I think @Elaine_Quijano could do a better job of reining in Kaine though.
RT @RameshPonnuru: this debate seems to be splitting left and right twitter in much more conventional ways than the rest of the year has
Back at KPRC for another week of the internship. I have 2 more stories in the works right now! Exciting stuff on the way.
5-0. #GoBlue
Most impressive interception I've ever see. Ball game.
RT @UMichFootball: WHAT?????? HE CAUGHT THAT? 		Check out @SportsCenter for that replay. 		#GoBlue #SCtop10
What a defense.
RT @UMichFootball: INTERCEPTION!!! Channing Stribling with his second pick of the day!! 		#GoBlue https://t.co/FVUGhojFhO
It's not that Michigan can't run the ball against Wisconsin. They can't run against anybody. Speight will have to carry offense.
Big drive for Michigan here.
I can't tell you the last time I've seen a roughing the snapper penalty. One of the rarest penalties in football.
Just did an interview with a woman whose son was murdered in 2005. The case went cold, but new evidence has brought it back to life.
Covering a story today on the dangers of essential oils here in Houston today. https://t.co/6PDTYyMKfo
RT @ABC: JUST IN: 3 injured in shooting at Townville Elementary School in South Carolina; 1 teenage shooter in custody, Anderson County off…
RT @KPRC2: 3 injured in shooting at South Carolina elementary school, Sheriffs say	https://t.co/47LIprpbvI https://t.co/mBtBqsMocY
RT @CBSNews: UPDATE: Person in custody after shooting at Townville, South Carolina elementary school https://t.co/IZ9awz1OKp https://t.co/Y…
RT @ABC: JUST IN: House votes to override Pres. Obama's veto of bill that would allow 9/11 families to sue Saudi Arabia. https://t.co/E8i2s…
RT @ABC: JUST IN: Senate votes 97-1 to override Pres. Obama's veto of bill allowing 9/11 families to sue Saudi Arabia. https://t.co/E8i2sei…
First @astros game! https://t.co/j3jRYuONhQ
RT @Indians: We are AL Central champs!		#RallyTogether https://t.co/ZBvhNCAWK8
RT @Browns: AL Central Champs!!		Congrats, @Indians!		#RallyTogether https://t.co/hQVLG7lMFV
On scene in Humble, Texas where 2 children were reportedly caught in crossfire while playing soccer in the street.
RT @KPRCBrandon: Hats off to @kprckhambrel for a great job moderating the Harris County District Attorney debate.
Intense debate between @kimoggforda and @DevonAndersonDA has come to a close.
@kimoggforda affirms current prosecution is unfairly skewed towards prosecuting poor.
@DevonAndersonDA refers to @kimoggforda as "master manipulator of statistics" in terms of Ogg's counter arguments and rebuttals in debate.
@DevonAndersonDA condemns Ogg for misleading audience and voters; says many criticisms Ogg has for her office are already being resolved.
@kimoggforda "Ms. Anderson, it's not your money. It's the people's money!"  Says if people want protection, money should be used for people.
@kimoggforda wants to divert resources from marijuana prosecution to rape and murder prosecutions; roughly 10 million dollars.
@DevonAndersonDA takes shot at Kim Ogg's integrity and claims Ogg will not prosecute criminals for laws she disagrees with
@kimoggforda wants her DA office to be "evidence based" and one which "implements common sense"
RT @KPRC2: WATCH LIVE: @kprckhambrel moderates debate between Kim Ogg and Devon Anderson for Harris County DA seat https://t.co/LuKVz8F8FN…
At the Houston DA debate between @kimoggforda and @DevonAndersonDA which is moderated by @kprckhambrel https://t.co/S8mWuj58qJ
At Houston Metro Police press conf. Officer Warren's use of force deemed "excessive." Officer Warren has now resigned from Metro.
RT @KPRCBrandon: Awaiting @METROHouston update on investigation into officers accused of beating and arresting homeless man @KPRC2 https://…
RT @American_FB: 🏈📞		Week 5 starts on Thursday as @UHCougarFB faces UConn https://t.co/Phc0T8aa1B
Wow. Is it ever going to end? https://t.co/kBU3UxPgTT
Shooting on the SW side of Houston this morning. 9 people wonded, suspect dead. Suspect is being referred to as "a disgruntled lawyer."
RT @KPRC2: UPDATE Gunman was lawyer who had issues w/law firm; had several weapons in car, police say; Live coverage continues https://t.co…
RT @KPRC2: Get up-to-the minute #LIVE details on the mass shooting in SW #Houston that injured 9. https://t.co/fI722FpKZE https://t.co/CMRT…
RT @KPRC2: Details ---&gt; https://t.co/fI722FpKZE https://t.co/vKm4w1kSe4
@ThePorterReport @NateGatter #PowerCouple
@BroadcasterZach I swear the NCAC schools have some of the best facilities at the D3 level.
@BroadcasterZach @BCSNsports That's a nice stadium I did a game there last year when DePauw played them in Gambier.
Cody Kessler completing 11/14 passes a little over halfway through this game puts him in the top 5 in Browns franchise history for QB's.
RT @DePauwAthletics: .@DePauwTigersFB is back in town for an #NCAC contest with Hiram! #TeamDePauw #d3fb https://t.co/vM4Whjcq6g
Well Wisconsin looks beyond legit.
Had a great day out in the field working with @kprcrobert today. His story on Texas suing the Obama Administration airs Monday at 10pm.
RT @DePauwAthletics: With his goal on Wednesday, Julian Gonzalez became the fourth player in @DePauwSoccer history to reach the 40-goal pla…
@MattASanders #RollTribe
@Max_Gun @KegsnEggs don't forget Devin Gardner had half a season of impressive play...Sam McGuffie had (maybe) one game
Now have completed one feature package and one standard package at @KPRC2. Special thanks to @KPRCJoel for his insight and help.
Have the opportunity to join @KPRCkeithg on his live shot tonight.
RT @NicolePence: #MotivationalMonday https://t.co/2HbmO9OpHD
@Prof_McCall @DomMiranda25 @csmonitor @oreillyfactor @KenOwenDePauw "media must be our surrogates in holding government accountable"
RT @Prof_McCall: Good analysis by @csmonitor . Cites my discussion on @oreillyfactor . Declining trust in media hurts democracy. https://t.…
RT @KenOwenDePauw: Article on Declining Trust in Mass Media Cites Prof. Jeff McCall '76 @DePauwU https://t.co/AdnyJXkRl9 https://t.co/rbvWc…
Plot twist: North Dakota State joins the Big 12
RT @DePauwAthletics: .@DePauwTigersFB improves to 2-0 with 35-24 win at Wooster #TeamDePauw #d3fb
As a Michigan fan I just dont know how you can watch Michigan limp past Colorado, watch OSU manhandle Oklahoma, and say both are Top 5 teams
@JoeyOlson614 @msu @Michigan Wisconsin has the ability join the conference "elites" pending on how they fare during that stretch
Michigan vs OSU and Houston vs Louisville might end up being the two  most decisive games of CFB this year
What we're learning: the top of Big Ten (Mich, MSU, OSU) is legit. Middle of conference is ok. Bottom is super weak.
Louisville is LEGIT oh my
Just finished an exceptional 2nd week at @KPRC2 and am so excited for next week!
Back helping the @KPRC2 Investigative Unit today and am hoping to finish up a couple of packages on the stories I've assisted on.
@official_flo donated uniforms to local youth football team "Beast Mode" and they are SWEET https://t.co/5FatM0PPa9
Another great opportunity out in the field. Got to work with @kprcbillspencer today!
RT @KPRC2: #BREAKING UPDATE Missing 11-year-old girl found safe, reunited with family https://t.co/YpgATUaHaA https://t.co/hjaqodHGMq
Accompanying @kprcbillspencer on a live shot tonight. Super excited.
RT @CNN: JUST IN: Donald Trump releases letter from doctor: "Trump is in excellent physical health" https://t.co/HqficDnfrK https://t.co/ZG…
Today I'm working on the KPRC Assignment Desk
Filmed my first stand-up at KPRC yesterday thanks to help of @KPRCJoel and hope to have first package with KPRC done soon.
RT @Browns: Hue Jackson: I think Josh McCown will play extremely well. There’s a reason why we kept him.		#BALvsCLE
RT @maksimuspatrick: Hue on Browns QB Josh McCown: "I said this a long time ago, I think any guy that can stay in this league for 15 years…
RT @Browns: Hue Jackson: The fans might not like me right now, but they’re going to love me eventually. I’m a fighter. 		#DawgPound
Working for the KPRC Investigates division today for my internship. Pretty exciting stuff.
That safety was an impeccable illustration of the @Browns as a franchise.
@UCF_Football is selling out on run and wants to make Speight beat them through the air. Right now he is.
Wish I could be on the call for @DePauwTigersFB on @WGRERadio but I'll just have to tune in from Texas #RollTigs
So Tennessee and Virginia Tech will smash Michigan's attendance record because they're playing at Bristol Motor Speedway...interesting
Spending all day watching football. Can't be more ideal.
@BroadcasterZach if I get back to Ohio this semester for sure! You should come down to Houston as well.
@BroadcasterZach Kareem played against my HS and he probably torched us for 300 yards
RT @USAlumniAssoc: Don't miss Brandon Jackson's '10 first film "This is Honduras" at the Chagrin Documentary Film Festival on Oct. 8th! htt…
RT @DePauwAthletics: #TeamDePauw, remember this from last year? #tbt in preparation for the 130th season opener for @DePauwTigersFB https:/…
RT @Joba_44: @Indians Bug Spray doesn't work!! I know these things
Awesome first day at @KPRC2 and I'm excited for day two tomorrow!
@hotWheals pretty aggressive jumps for UT and Wisconsin considering they were unranked last week
@hotWheals My guess is Swoopes will get majority of snaps going forward. Aside from Stanford I can't see a Pac 12 team
@hotWheals I can't buy into UT yet after the tumult from past few years. Still thing Big Ten gets one. Even Wisconsin looked good.
@hotWheals your thoughts?
@hotWheals Houston will run the table. Bama will be in, same with Clemson. Final team will come from the Big Ten (OSU/MSU/MICH/Iowa)
@KenOwenDePauw @DePauwTigersFB that was my @WGRERadio debut with @TPSchwartzII #Throwback
RT @UHCougarFB: 1-0. #HTownTakeover https://t.co/fy2Kqojrfa
@BillJ08 @Longhorn_FB @NDFootball Do or die year for that staff. We'll see if it ignites success.
@BillJ08 excited to root for them. Also excited to see how @Longhorn_FB handles @NDFootball
@BillJ08 Have to swing over and catch a game...or ten
Now I pay respect to my Wisconsin friends and root for the Badgers. So glad to have college football back in my life. Needed it.
At the @UMichFootball game against @HawaiiFootball today #GoBlue
RT @ABC: The late Princess Diana died on this day 19 years ago. https://t.co/hizW48cbsk https://t.co/4IPWinoUrO
Just finished reading The Great Gatsby on flight to Atlanta. 3rd read. American Classic. Next stop: Cleveland aka "Believeland"
Terrific orientation day with @KPRC2 and great meeting @kprckhambrel in person!
Finally landed in #Texas
@Delta a 2.5 hour delay and one plane change later and it looks like we are FINALLY about to take off
I'm there #GoBlue https://t.co/AGjNSBmaju
RT @KenoshaKingfish: Good luck @Robert_Sherman7! Go make us proud at @KPRC2
To Houston we go! Excited to get to the great country of Texas.
Progressive Field! So great to be back for an @Indians game https://t.co/prFgCeiYuY
RT @ChrisRose: @Indians offense MIA: 12 runs Friday. Other 7 games before &amp; after: 6 total runs. If found, please call 1-800-555-TITO.  Cas…
Tomorrow I fly to Houston for a quick orientation meeting at @KPRC2 on Wednesday for my fall internship!
@Indians game tonight with the family! Excited to see my Tribe in action again today
Last day in Michigan before heading home to Cleveland
RT @AdamSchefter: Browns are trading the sixth overall pick from the 2013 draft, LB Barkevious Mingo, to the New England Patriots, per sour…
RT @ProFootballTalk: Browns trade Barkevious Mingo, a former Top 10 pick who had zero sacks last year, to the Patriots https://t.co/YJGldOo…
RT @IndyStarSports: Zionsville-&gt;DePauw-&gt;Butler-&gt;Celtics-&gt;Team USA? That'd be Brad Stevens' next job if @GreggDoyelStar had his way. https:/…
RT @SPORTalkIndians: Two pitchers going in opposite directions face off today as the #Indians take on Texas.  Tomlin vs Hamels https://t.co…
@NothnButNETtles quality go-to
RT @DMarkMcCoy: Great day to be at DePauw. Welcome back everyone. Let's make a difference in the world.
RT @IndyStarSports: Doyel: You know who'd be a perfect fit to lead #TeamUSA at the 2024 Olympics? Brad Stevens. https://t.co/5rLXNlt7II htt…
@aross50 @ShawnMurnin #Believeland
@ShawnMurnin @aross50 don't count out Believeland. The 19-0 season shall commence.
RT @DePauw_MBB: THE COUNTDOWN BEGINS!! #51 #TeamDePauw https://t.co/UxS3bqI3Xt
RT @UnivSchool: Kindergarten boys take their first run across the circle at the Shaker Campus. https://t.co/p06kBO7bbq
RT @TigerPrideAD: Opening ceremony for @DePauwAthletics 9pm tonight in Neal Fieldhouse!  Welcome back everyone - we missed you!  #teamdepauw
@greta news reporting seems to be very distilled right now. Coverage on wide variety of topics without adequate depth.
@aross50 it's not like Indians were desperate for starter stability...they have options and could have pry waited a bit
Here is a highlight reel from the 2016 @KenoshaKingfish season. Fun reliving these moments. https://t.co/q85hfbLahw
On my way to Michigan for a quick family vacation before heading to my internship at @KPRC2
Bye DePauw. It's been a fun couple of days. See you in February (hopefully sooner)
On my way to Greencastle @DePauwU
Finally, and most of all, thank you to the fans and city of Kenosha who make the experience here second to none. It has been a fun 2016.
Thanks as well to all of the fellow broadcasters I have met and become close with this summer. Great group of guys with bright futures.
Thank you as well to all Kingfish players and parents. So easy to work with all of you and it has been a real pleasure.
The @KenoshaKingfish have given me a great opportunity and have allowed me to work in the @NWLbaseball for 2 yrs as the youngest broadcaster
Special thank you to @KenoshaKingfish for a fabulous summer. Top notch staff that welcomed me in last year and has made me feel like family.
S/o to @DePauwAthletics @r_futter04 who pitched for @KenoshaKingfish this summer. Finished with 1.12 ERA in 5 apps against D1 hitters.
@GregHarris13 Learned a lot about baseball from you Greg! Thanks for all your support. It's been another fun summer here in Kenosha!
@bruins_go Thank you very much! Another terrific summer under the belt. Thank you for tuning in and for being supportive!
@11rorr11 @KenoshaKingfish Thank you so much. It is hard to believe this season is over. Have loved working with all of these guys so much!
Kingfish fall at home in the season finale by a final score of 7-0 to the Woodchucks.
Futterknecht out for another inning of relief in 9th. Kingfish down 6-0.
Woodchucks strike for 3 more runs and lead 6-0. 2 HR's for Woodchucks so far today.
Kingfish surrender a solo home run. Woodchucks lead 3-0.
2-0 Kingfish trailing in the 3rd.
Woodchucks score first with a Connor Heady RBI single. Kingfish down 1-0 in the 2nd
Should you have interest tune into my final Kingfish broadcast of the year here https://t.co/KeEacPviLL
Kingfish and Woodchucks scoreless through one.
We are under way! No score midway through one inning.
LIVE NOW at https://t.co/s86QAsUkrh come and check it out!
One more time. Live at 4:05 https://t.co/usVccGksoj
Last game of season tonight...wow this is surreal
Kingfish will host Woodchucks in final game of NWL season tomorrow at 4:05 CT
Kingfish win and top @ChucksBaseball 5-1. Exceptional pitching tonight.
Kingfish now own a 5-1 lead after a couple of triples in the 8th inning. Onto the 9th.
JR Holloway blows a fastball by Javier Martinez, and the Kingfish will take a 3-1 lead to the bottom of the 8th.
Kingfish holding 3-1 lead through 6 innings.
Woodchucks throwing error brings home Blake Reese. Kingfish lead 2-1.
Midway through 3. Game is tied 1-1.
Adam Dressler sets Woodchucks down in short order. No score midway through one.
LIVE NOW at https://t.co/s86QAsUkrh come and check it out!
Kingfish have @ChucksBaseball at home tonight in penultimate game of 2016.
Kingfish will host Woodchucks in Kenosha tomorrow at 4:05 CT
Kingfish pick up first road series sweep and defeat Woodchucks 11-3
7th inning stretch. Kingfish up 11-3.
Kingfish up 11-3 in the 6th inning.
Woodchucks hit a 3 run home in 4th. Kingfish still lead 4-3.
The Kingfish strike for 4 runs int he 5th inning courtesy of McInerney and Gieseke home runs.
No score through 3 innings. Erickson has 5 K's.
Kingfish leave runners at second and third to end top of 2nd. Still no score. Tune in here: https://t.co/s86QAsUkrh
Kingfish go in short order in the first. No score.
LIVE NOW at https://t.co/s86QAsUkrh come and check it out!
Skies looking a bit stormy overhead. Hopefully rain stays away. https://t.co/mEuiXV2QHE
Final game of season from Athletic Park as Kingfish play @ChucksBaseball at 7:05 CT
RT @KenoshaKingfish: Tonight's #Kingfish Lineup:		Smith CF	Reese LF	Bechina SS	Schuler C	McInerney 1B	Jadacki RF	Kroon 3B	Fishback C	Giesek…
@KenoshaKingfish pitcher Christian Bokich had his best start in a month where Kingfish staff has team ERA &gt;7.00
7.0 IP; 5 H; 1 ER; 2 BB; 5 K. Dominant outing from Bokich https://t.co/1TG9R44BPZ
Ballgame! Kingfish top @ChucksBaseball 5-1 in game one of the season-ending 4 game series.
Gieseke hit a solo shot in the 7th, and the Kingfish lead 4-1.
Midway through 6 innings, the Kingfish lead 3-1.
One run comes home for the Woodchucks. Kingfish still holding a 3-1 lead through 4 innings.
Midway through 3. Kingfish up 3-0.
Kingfish take a 3-0 lead in the second.
We are under way and scoreless from Wausau.
LIVE NOW at https://t.co/s86QAsUkrh come and check it out!
Tonight's #Kingfish Lineup:		Smith CF	Reese LF	Bechina SS	Schuler DH	McInerney 1B	Jadacki RF	Byars C	Kroon 3B	Gieseke 2B		Bokich RHP
Ready to roll from Wausau. @KenoshaKingfish and @ChucksBaseball will meet at 6:35 CT https://t.co/5yb5k4549y
RT @DePauwAthletics: Welcome back to #TeamDePauw Blake Allen! @DePauwBaseball head coach @VandyBaseball https://t.co/2bviCc4ZJY https://t.c…
RT @DePauwAdmission: To honor the upcoming football season here are the highlights from last year's thrilling victory against Wittenberg. h…
RT @TigerPrideAD: So excited for you to join us @TuckerJGlass!  You will love the #teamdepauw family! https://t.co/kJU0YXKlOF
Kingfish finish series with 4 game series against Woodchucks. First two in Wausau, final two in Kenosha.
Kingfish fall at home against the Bullfrogs by a final score of 10-5.
Kingfish offense coming alive, but Kenosha still down 10-5 through 8 innings.
Through 7 innings, Kingfish trail 8-3.
One more run, and the Bullfrogs lead 4-0.
8-pitch inning for Charlie Hecht. Kingfish down 3-0 in the third.
Green Bay strings together a few hits and plates two runs. Lead 3-0 midway through two.
Two Kingfish throwing errors brings Shoemaker home, and GB leads 1-0 in the first.
LIVE NOW at https://t.co/s86QAsUkrh come and check it out!
Tonight's #Kingfish Lineup:		Smith CF	Reese RF	Bechina SS	Schuler C	McInerney 1B	Rosa DH	Jadacki LF	Kroon 3B	Hearn 2B		Hecht RHP
The Kingfish will play game 68 tonight against @GBBullfrogs at 7:05. Charlie Hecht (2-5; 5.55 ERA) to the hill for 12th start.
Awesome night @Brewers game! https://t.co/VuaQgHgrD4
Gonna miss this place in the fall  https://t.co/cBRoXtHsQx
RT @DePauwAdmission: In case you missed it, check out how DePauw ranked in the Midwest! https://t.co/49yTkO9OxV https://t.co/NSPgxExSfS
RT @KenoshaKingfish: Final: Kenosha 11; Green Bay 4		WP: Sam Lund (1-2)	LP: Blake Rutherford (1-1)	SV: Bobby Skogsbergh (1)
RT @KenoshaKingfish: The @KentStBaseball boys Schuler &amp; Rosa hit home runs in tonight's 11-4 win!	Schuler: https://t.co/SOs7GwHcCd	Rosa: ht…
RT @KenoshaKingfish: @IlliniBaseball's @pat_mac27 hit the first grand slam for the Kingfish in 2016.	https://t.co/CfuRLZF3MU
Kingfish will be back at it Wednesday against the Bullfrogs at 7:05 CT
Sam Lund picks up his first NWL win, and Bobby Skogsbergh his first save.
Kingfish snap the 9-game losing streak with an 11-4 win over the Bullfrogs!
Kingfish lead 11-2 after the Pat McInerney grand slam!
Kingfish open it up with four runs in the 7th. Lead 7-2.
Kingfish now lead through 6 after a Dylan Rosa 2-run HR. 3-2 the score
Schuler BOMBED one in the fourth inning. Now the Kingfish trail Bullfrogs 2-1 in the 5th.
Lund gets a 5-4-3 double play to get out of the top of the 2nd. Kingfish still down 2-0.
Bullfrogs take lead 2-0 in the first inning.
LIVE NOW at https://t.co/s86QAsUkrh come and check it out!
@Cotterlips well since today's game lasted almost 4 hours and we played 9 innings...I'm all in. Teams like Battle Creek need it most.
Kingfish end up falling to the Rafters 10-8 in Wisconsin rapids tonight. Kingfish have now lost 9 straight (franchise record).
Matt Byars hits a solo HR, and the Kingfish are within one. Trail 8-7.
Through 5 innings, Kingfish down 8-3.
Kingfish now trailing Rafters 5-0 through 3 innings.
Rob Calabrese hits first HR of year for Rafters. Kingfish trail 3-0.
No score midway through one as we get the Kingfish-Rafter season series finale under way.
LIVE NOW at https://t.co/s86QAsUkrh come and check it out!
RT @KenoshaKingfish: Today's #Kingfish Lineup:		Reese SS	Henry CF	Bechina LF	McInerney 1B	Rosa RF	Byars DH	Kroon 3B	Fishback C	Gieseke 2B…
Kingfish and Rafters back at it today at 4:05 CT for the season series finale.
There are few things better than Sunday afternoon baseball https://t.co/RIoZUCV5Fp
@KenoshaKingfish now 22-43 on year. Will have season series finale with @RapidsRafters tomorrow at 4:05 CT
Kingfiah lose to @RapidsRafters 5-3 and have now lost a season high 8 straight games.
Kingfish get out of the 8th by turning huge double play. Trail 5-3 as we go to the 9th.
Through 7 innings, Kingfish trail Wisconsin Rapids 4-3.
JD Hearn solos to get the Kingfish to within one. 4-3 in the fifth.
Rafters inch out a bit further with a solo HR. Lead 4-2 through 4.
Rafters score three runs and lead 3-2 through 2 innings.
Kingfish get 2 runs off of a Byars groundout and a Peters wild pitch. Lead 2-0 in the 2nd.
Reese gets a double in a scoreless first for Kingfish. Still 0-0 from Witter Field.
LIVE NOW at https://t.co/s86QAsUkrh come and check it out!
Cole Erickson (2-3; 4.64 ERA) will take hill for 10th start of year.
Kingfish (22-42) trying to snap 7 game losing streak tonight against @RapidsRafters at Witter Field. Love this place https://t.co/2Ws264PDkt
Kingfish current 7 game losing streak ties season high 7 game streak from week 2 of season.
Mallards finish off Kingfish and in 7-2 in seasons series finale. Kingfish finish year 0-8 against rival. Will be in Rapids tomorrow.
Mallards up 7-2 in the sixth.
Kingfish plate on a run on a Blake Reese double. Now down 7-2 in 4th.
Through two innings, Kingfish are down 7-0.
Kingfish load bases with nobody down. Leave bases loaded with no runs home. No score in first.
LIVE for game 2 here: https://t.co/KeEacPviLL
Game two will begin at 7:40 CT. Kingfish trying to rebound and get their first win against Madison in series season finale.
Kingfish fall to Mallards 8-2. Game 2 coming up in roughly a half an hour.
Mallards edge their lead to 5-1 after a 3 run 4th.
Mike Byrne has struck out 9 batters for Mallards today through 4 innings. Oh my.
Mallards get the lead back on a Josh Stowers RBI single. Lead 2-1.
Blake Reese gets his 8th double of the year to tie the game 1-1 in the 3rd.
Midway through 2. kingfish down 1-0.
Mallards take the lead 1-0 in first.
Mike Byrne strikes out Kingfish opening side. Wow.
LIVE NOW at https://t.co/s86QAsUkrh come and check it out!
Doubleheader today against @MadisonMallards will start at 5:05 CT. Hecht vs Byrne.
Tonight's Kingfish game has been postponed. Doubleheader against @MadisonMallards beginning at 5:00 CT tomorrow.
Still in a rain delay in Madison. Hopefully a decision will be coming at 8:10.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaand here comes the tarp. https://t.co/I4VoT3QfB1
Charlie Hecht (2-4; 5.26 ERA) vs Mike Byrne (1-1; 5.14 ERA) tonight. Kingfish hoping to snap 5 game losing streak.
7th meeting of the year between @KenoshaKingfish (22-40) and @MadisonMallards (38-24) at 7:05. Kingfish looking for first win in series.
About to go on @am1050wlip to talk some @KenoshaKingfish baseball
Kingfish fall at home 9-7. Surrendered 7 runs in the 8th to blow a late 5 run lead. Heartbreak, but tomorrow is another day.
Mallards explode for 7 runs in the 8th. Lead 9-7.
Kingfish lead 7-2 after a Pete Schuler two run homer to right. Onto the 8th.
Kingfish get 3 runs in the 5th inning, and lead 5-1.
Madison's second error of the game gives the Kingfish a 2-1 lead.
1-1 tie between Mallards and Kingfish through 3 innings.
Mallards and Kingfish each score. 1-1 through 2 innings.
No score through one inning at Simmons Field. Tune in here: https://t.co/KeEacPviLL
LIVE NOW at https://t.co/s86QAsUkrh come and check it out!
RT @KenoshaKingfish: Tonight's #Kingfish Lineup:		Smith CF	Reese SS	Bechina 3B	Schuler C	McInerney 1B	Jadacki LF	Rosa RF	Byars DH	Gieseke 2…
@KenoshaKingfish (22-39) host @MadisonMallards (37-34) tonight at 7:05 CT. Christian Bokich will make 2nd start. https://t.co/dxIZ5WiXix
RT @UMichFootball: Good morning, Wolverines. 〽️		#GoBlue #HAILMichigan https://t.co/4ipiFkDcZ0
RT @KenOwenDePauw: .@DePauwU has hosted 100+ Ubben Lecturers, inc Jimmy Kimmel &amp; Margaret Thatcher.  News on 1st speaker of 16-17 soon! htt…
Kingfish fall to the Mallards 8-5. Will host Madison tomorrow.
Matt Kroon doubles to bring home a run, and Madison leads 8-4.
Kingfish now down 8-3 in the 8th.
Mallards own a 7-3 lead over the Kingfish as we head to the top of the 7th.
Kingfish down 5-3 after allowing 2 runs in the 4th.
Pat McInerney gets the Kingfish on the board with a double. 3-1, Kingfish down.
Midway through one and the Mallards have broken the scoreless tie thanks to a Cameron Frost single. Mallards lead 1-0.
LIVE NOW at https://t.co/s86QAsUkrh come and check it out!
RT @KenoshaKingfish: Tonight's #Kingfish Lineup:		Henry CF	Hearn 2B	Bechina 3B	Rosa RF	McNeill 1B	Byars C	McInerney LF	Fishback DH	Kroon SS…
@KenoshaKingfish hosting @MadisonMallards for the 5th meeting this year. Kingfish 0-4, just 3 runs scored. First pitch at 7:05 CT
Kingfish fall in Mequon 10-5. Will host @MadisonMallards tomorrow at 7:05
Through 7 innings, Kingfish trail 10-5. Lakeshore offense with 14 hits.
Lakeshore leads 7-5 in the 6th inning after Kingfish come up with 3 runs. Jadacki picked up his first triple of the year.
Through 4 innings, Kingfish trailing 7-0.
Through 3 innings, the Kingfish are down 3-0.
Midway through two. Kingfish trail the Chinooks 1-0.
Game two about to get under way https://t.co/BSMM71SYg3
Kingfish fall in game 1 of doubleheader 6-2. Game 2 against @LS_Chinooks at 6:05
In the 8th, Lakeshore still leads 5-2.
Matt Johnson hits a 3 run HR, and the Chinooks have the lead 5-2
Chinooks plate two runs in the third, and now the game is tied 2-2.
Midway through one, Kingfish lead 1-0. 6 up 5 down for Dressler.
LIVE NOW at https://t.co/s86QAsUkrh come and check it out!
Huge news for Kingfish that @pat_mac27 is back in the lineup. Has been out since July 6. https://t.co/qh2oT3zsNh
Dressler getting 3rd start. Will try and bounce back after tough last outing, and return to dominance he had in first start.
Doubleheader today. First game today at noon in Kenosha against @LS_Chinooks and game 2 will be in Mequon at 6:05 CT
Kingfish drop a tough one to Rafters, and fall 8-1.
Rafters still holding an 8-1 lead through 8 innings.
Rafters leading 8-1 in the 8th inning.
Kingfish give up one more run, and trail 6-0 at stretch.
We're through 6 innings. Kingfish trail 5-0.
Midway through 5 innings, Rafters leading 5-0. Erickson gets a well needed, quick fifth inning.
Kingfish have committed 3 errors, and trail 5-0.
Rafters put a four spot on the board, and lead 4-0 midway through 3. Only 1 run earned.
Polizzi throws out Smith at home to get the Rafters out of the first. Still no score.
We are under way from Simmons Field! Erickson punches out two, and there is still no score midway through one.
LIVE NOW at https://t.co/s86QAsUkrh come and check it out!
@Benny_thejets that Lucroy trade veto hurts the most
@Benny_thejets That being said, if you were to sell the farm, better to sell for Catcher I agree
@Benny_thejets Don't disagree with that either. But with pitchers going 6+ and w/ Allen + Miller it takes burden off young lineup
@Benny_thejets I don't agree with holding back in 2016 for the thinking the team will be even better in 2017. Too much can happen in 1 year.
@Benny_thejets I don't disagree but I'm saying when you have the best record in the AL right now you make the best move for today and 2016
@Benny_thejets yeah but that's centered around winning in 2018. If you're talking winning in 2016 he was way down the depth chart
Really? Really, Lucroy?
@Benny_thejets yeah but what did we give up? Top prospects at positions we have a surplus of talent in currently. It hurts but makes sense.
RT @AugustFG_: Indians are one of six teams whose starters average &gt;6 innings per start, and now they have Andrew Miller and Cody Allen to…
The Indians entered last night tied for best record in AL. After adding Lucroy and Miller, @Indians now indubitable AL favorite #RollTribe
LUCROY!!!!!!!! #RollTribe
RT @SPORTalkIndians: BREAKING:  #Indians and Brewers have reached agreement for the tribe to acquire Lucroy. Must wave NTC though. https://…
Kingfish hold on to defeat Rafter 4-1! Ty harris picks up first NWL Save, Spranger first Kingfish Win. Series finale tomorrow at 4:05 CT
Tune to the radio broadcast here: https://t.co/KeEacPviLL
8 complete. Kingfish up 4-1.
Kingfish take the lead 4-1 int he 7th inning. Huge offensive explosion.
Spranger having a great outing yet currently on the hook for the loss. 7 IP; 5 H; 1 R; 1 BB; 5 K. Kingfish trailing 1-0 at the stretch.
Spranger another 1-2-3 innings. Midway through 5, Rafters still holding a 1-0 lead.
Strike 'em out, throw 'em out shuts down the Rafters in the 4th! Kingfish still down 1-0.
Spranger gets an inning ending punchout to escape the 3rd. Kingfish still down 1-0.
Rafters get the game's first run, and the score is 1-0 midway though 2.
LIVE NOW at https://t.co/s86QAsUkrh come and check it out!
@DePauwAthletics @r_futter04 just signed to @KenoshaKingfish and is expected to make @NWLbaseball debut in coming days.
Home sweet home. https://t.co/NglOL3HtgD
RT @KenoshaKingfish: Tonight's #Kingfish Lineup:		Reese SS	Smith CF	Bechina LF	McNeill 1B	Schuler C	Rosa DH	Kroon 3B	Jadacki RF	Hearn 2B		S…
Kingfish trying to make it two in a row tonight as they host the first place @RapidsRafters at 6:05 CT
Huge win tonight for Kingfish! They snapped their 6 game losing streak and are now 21-35
Kingfish win 6-5 over Battle Creek!
Midway through 8, the Kingfish are still holding a 6-1 lead.
Jake Smith just had a PHENOMENAL diving catch in center to steal a hit from Jacob Blunt. Through 6, Kingfish lead 6-1.
Kingfish holding a 6-1 lead in the 6th. Going for series and season series split against Bombers tonight.
Kingfish let up one run, and now their lead is 5-1.
We're through 3 innings. Kingfish own a 5-0 lead.
@BrettMyhres hearing anything I can do better? Thanks for tuning in buddy!
Rob Henry having a day! 3 RBIs already on a 2 for 2 start. Kingfish lead 5-0 in the 3rd inning.
Through one Kingfish lead 3-0. Tune in here: https://t.co/s86QAsUkrh
LIVE NOW at https://t.co/s86QAsUkrh come and check it out!
Charlie Hecht will get 4th start against @bcbombers tonight. So far he is 0-2 with 11.12 ERA
Tonight's #Kingfish Lineup: 		Smith CF	Reese SS	Bechina DH	McNeill 1B	Rosa LF	Kroon 3B	Henry RF	Fishback C	Gieseke 2B		Hecht RHP
@bruins_go I truly appreciate the support! Love coming to work every day and working with guys like Rob! Thanks for tuning in!
Proud to say that I have officially secured my fall Media Fellow's internship! I will be… https://t.co/ozYHteKp2H
Kingfish fall to @bcbombers by a 6-2 final. 6th straight loss. Season series finale with Battle Creek tomorrow at 6:05 CT
Kingfish get a double but unable to put it to use. Trail the Bombers 6-2 midway through 8.
At the 7th inning stretch, the Kingfish trail Battle Creek by a score of 5-2.
Midway through 3. Still no score.
No score in the 2nd inning from Battle Creek.
LIVE NOW at https://t.co/s86QAsUkrh come and check it out!
Kingfish and @bcbombers have first pitch at 6:05 CT. Bokich vs Grady.
Kingfish take a heartbreaking loss in Kalamzoo. In 14 innings, Kingfish fall 10-9.
What a game! 11 complete, and the game is still tied 8-8.
Bottom of the 11th. Game still tied 8-8.
https://t.co/KeEacPviLL
Marty Bechina scores a run on a single! 8-7, Kingfish trail. Runners at 2nd+3rd with 1 down in the 9th.
Through 6 innings, the Growlers have a 5-3 lead.
2 innings complete at Homer Stryker. 2-1, Growlers leading the Kingfish.
Growlers waste no time and strike for 2 runs in the first. Lead 2-0.
We are under way and scoreless from Kalamazoo.
LIVE NOW at https://t.co/s86QAsUkrh come and check it out!
Beautiful day in Kalamazoo! Kingfish (20-33) vs Growlers (28-25) at 6:05 CT https://t.co/fSH4vxdnCX
We say goodbye to our squad mate @justin_palmer6 today. Go kill it working for Cummins in India.… https://t.co/Dtf7OnMTBh
Kingfish fall in Kalamazoo by a final of 10-8. Growler All-Star Nick Hutchins hit his 2nd HR of game in 8th to give Growlers late lead.
Kingfish have an 8-7 lead thanks to Dylan Rosa's solo HR. 6 combined HR today. Wow.
Midway through 5 innings. Kingfish and Growlers tied 7-7.
Marty Bechina's solo HR gives the Kingfish a 6-5 lead in the 3rd! Back to back games with solo shots.
Tune to the broadcast here: https://t.co/KeEacPviLL
Kingfish and Growlers combine for 3 HR and 10 runs in the 2nd inning. 5-5 tie through 2.
Dressler loads the bases but gets out without allowing a run. No score through one inning.
LIVE NOW at https://t.co/s86QAsUkrh come and check it out!
RT @KenoshaKingfish: Tonight's #Kingfish Lineup: 		Smith CF	Reese SS	Bechina DH	McNeill 1B	Kroon 3B	Rosa LF	Fishback C	Hearn 2B	Henry RF		D…
Ready to roll from Homer Stryker Field! First pitch coming up!
BP in Kalamazoo today. Growlers and a Kingfish play at 7:05ET/6:05CT tonight. https://t.co/DKVOBpWoXS
RT @raford3: Oh, you know, just updating my notes... #Astros https://t.co/jBL4058fpM
RT @TimHeiman: @raford3 OneNote, God's gift to radio guys.
RT @AdamSchefter: In a letter to Josh Gordon today, Roger Goodell wrote: “As we discussed at our [July 19] meeting, as... https://t.co/9kaP…
RT @AdamSchefter: NFL announced Browns' WR Josh Gordon reinstated on conditional basis, but suspended first four games.
@ChucksBaseball outlast Kingfish in game 2. Kenosha falls 7-6 at home.
Bechina jacks one to left, and the score is now 4-3, Woodchucks.
Woodchucks strike and take a 4-0 lead in the 2nd inning.
Erickson sets the Woodchucks down in short order. No score as we go to the bottom of the first.
Tentative 5:00pm start time for game 2. Lightning still in the area.
Kingfish fall in game 1 by a final of 7-6, end the game with bases loaded. Unable to tie the game late. Game 2 in half an hour.
Kingfish and Woodchucks tied at 4-4 through 6.
Through 3 innings, Woodchucks have a 4-2 lead over the Kingfish.
Kingfish still leading Woodchucks 1-0 through 2 innings.
Pete Schuler gets the scoring started with an RBI double to right field! 1-0 in the 2nd.
Reisinger notches 2 K's in the first inning. Still no score.
LIVE NOW at https://t.co/s86QAsUkrh come and check it out!
Let's try this again. Kingfish with a 7-inning doubleheader against @ChucksBaseball today beginning at 1:05 CT
Game has been postponed. 2 7 inning games tomorrow beginning at 1:05
Tarp back on. Still in delay. https://t.co/N5odaxqTD5
New tentative/hopeful start time is 8:30
@KenoshaKingfish hoping for 7:30 start. Tarp still on. https://t.co/3UP4QKcInc
RT @CollegeSummerBB: Every Collegiate Summer Team and League should be following us!  No better place for summer baseball! Retweet please!
Just boarded my flight to Milwaukee. Bye New York. It's been an awesome 3 day trip.
RT @KenoshaKingfish: Our Home Run Derby made it onto @espn https://t.co/usLXnZBm18
RT @CBSNews: #RNCinCLE is economic bust for Cleveland businesses https://t.co/t6kEv99PGv https://t.co/9DouCROYnK
Hailed my first NYC taxi today ✅
RT @sawyergieseke: NWL HR Derby last night into Lake Michigan! Awesome atmosphere. Hosting @KenoshaKingfish Marty Bechina wins it! https://…
RT @KenoshaKingfish: Check out the video one of our players put together recapping the Home Run Derby! Proud of you @sawyergieseke  https:/…
Now I'm spending the next few days in New York. No broadcast from Battle Creek these next 2 days. Back at it on Saturday from Simmons Field!
@JoeyOlson614 will have highlights of the game, plus the full production of the Home Run Derby put together within the next few days
Truly one of the more memorable moments of my broadcasting career last night. Such an honor to be on the call for the 2016 @NWLbaseball ASG
North hold on to take 9-5 win. Mason McCoy takes the game MVP award
Bottom of the 9th. North leads 9-5. Dalporto, Eustace, and Jipping all due up.
South division handles North in the top of the 8th by using 3 pitchers. North still leading 9-3.
Jeremy Graf strikes out only batter he faces, Daniel Amaral. North still leading 9-3 in the 8th.
A run on the board for the North, thanks to an Adam McGinnis RBI single, and the score is 9-3 North leading.
8-3 in the 7th. Hometown Kingfish Ryan Orr coming in to pitch.
North gets back on the board with a Luke Ringhofer RBI single. 8-3, North leads, in the 6th.
South gets a run back on a Steve Passatempo RBI single
Just finished up out interview with Dick Raditz in the 4th innings. Through 4, score is 7-2.
Passatempo belts a 2 run HR and it is 7-2, North.
Luke Lind sets the North down 1-2-3 in the top of the third.
South division goes down scoreless in the 2nd. North leads 7-0. Luke Lind will pitch for South (GB).
BJ Butler pitches a shutout inning and handles the North. North All-Stars still lead 7-0.
We're through one inning and the North has a commanding 7-0 lead. BJ Butler (Kalamazoo) now pitching.
North division gets off to a quick start in the first and lead 3-0. Cooper (WRP) is out, Dahl (ROCK) is in #NWL #AllStarGame
North Lineup:		McCoy SS	Pardo CF	Varsho C	Shepski LF	Ramirez LF	Ramirez RF	Lambert 1B	Ringhofer DH	Hanford 3B	Freedman 2B		Boushley P
South Lineup: 		Kopach SS	Lumley 2B	Bechina 3B	Passatempo 1B	Robinson RF	Hutchins C	Shoemaker LF	Jipping DH	Mattix CF		Cooper P
So beyond excited to be on the call for the 2016 @NWLbaseball All-Star Game! 7:05 first pitch from Simmons Field!
Congratulations to @M_Bechina for the derby win! The hometown Kingfish takes the crown. Excited to see him in the All Star Game tomorrow.
Beautiful day at the Kenosha Harbor. https://t.co/QJmomWe08D
@BroadcasterZach @KenoshaKingfish @NWLbaseball Excited to have you aboard! Should be a fun evening at the harbor!
Kingfish fall in Madison 4-1. All star break spans through Wednesday, then Kingfish will be back at it Thursday in Battle Creek.
McNeill and Fishback pick up the first 2 Kingfish hits of the day to break up the no-hitter. Mallards leading 4-1 midway through 8.
Kingfish trail 4-1. @MadisonMallards pitcher Mitchell Kilkenny with a no-hitter through 6.
Madison plates a pair and have taken a 4-1 lead into the top of the 5th.
Marty Bechina gets the Kingfish on the board in the 4th! Kingfish trail Mallards 2-1 midway through 4.
2 runs on the board for Mallards in the 2nd. Lead the Kingfish 2-0.
Under way from Madison. Kingfish set down 1-2-3 in the first.
LIVE NOW at https://t.co/s86QAsUkrh come and check it out!
Such an awesome ballpark. @KenoshaKingfish and @MadisonMallards at 4:05 CT https://t.co/ol4AJqtyIB
RT @NWLbaseball: .@TBBordercats pitcher Shannon Broussard threw a no-hitter in a 7-0 win over Duluth. https://t.co/yfWoGNDPki #NWL
#NorthwoodsLeague  https://t.co/xrtttwytxY
Mallards hold on to win, defeating the Kingfish 2-1. Kingfish have now dropped all 3 games to Madison, and are 19-28 on the year.
8 complete at Simmons Field. Kingfish trail 2-1. Have left 8 on base so far.
Dressler gets through the 6th inning with 6 pitches. Still going strong. Kingfish trail 2-1.
Dressler has thrown 52 pitches through 5. Used just 4 pitches in 5th innings. Mallards still lead 2-1.
Hearn and Bechina put together a 2-out rally to tie the game in the 3rd. It is now a 1-1 score from Simmons Field.
No score through one.
Bechina picks up 11th double of season. Came in ranked top 10 in NWL.
Under way from Simmons Field! Dressler sets down Mallards 1-2-3 in first.
LIVE NOW at https://t.co/s86QAsUkrh come and check it out!
Adam Dressler (1-0; 4.74 ERA) getting 1st NWL start tonight. Says wants to pound zone, not allow a walk, and break some bats w/ his sinker.
RT @mikefilia: Nice work buddy! @E_Filia4  https://t.co/X040RXZOwA
RT @mikefilia: Proud of you @mikeyfilia ! https://t.co/0a8EYsS3c8
Blake Reese ties the game with an RBI triple and JD Hearn walks the Chinooks off with a base hit to right! Kingfish take the win 4-3!!!
Kingfish leave 2 runners stranded in scoring position to end the 8th. We head to the top of the 9th, Kingfish down 3-2.
2 on. One down in the bottom of the 8th. Matt Byars the batter. Tune in: https://t.co/KeEacPviLL
Chinooks retake the lead on a Tim Dalporto RBI single. Now 3-2 as we head to the bottom of the 8th.
Kingfish tie the game in the 7th! Blake Reese comes through with a 2-run single. We head to the top of the 8th, tied 2-2.
Erickson's final line: 7.0 IP; 5 H; 2 ER; 2 BB; 4 K
Erickson strikes out Kurtis Brown to end the inning, and his night, in the 7th. 2-0, Chinooks lead.
Kingfish still trail the Chinooks 2-0 in the 6th. Erickson averaging 13 pitches an inning.
Tune into tonight's broadcast here: https://t.co/KeEacPviLL
Cole Erickson forces Zac Taylor to hit into a 5-4-3 double play to get out of the 5th. Chinooks lead 2-0.
Erickson through 4. After a rocky 2nd, he's settling in. Kingfish still down 2-0.
Reese gets a 2 out double but the Kingfish cannot bring him home in the 3rd. 2-0, Chinooks lead.
Kingfish held scoreless in the first. Still 0-0 at Simmons Field.
We are under way! Erickson sets Chinooks down 1-2-3 to open ball game!
LIVE NOW at https://t.co/s86QAsUkrh come and check it out!
@LS_Chinooks and @KenoshaKingfish at 7:05 CT
Kingfish unable to tie it int he 10th, and lose at home 4-3. Now 4 straight losses for the Kingfish.
Kingfish tied it in the 9th, but the Chinooks have gotten the lead back in the 10th. 4-3 Chinooks as we head to the bottom of the inning.
Kingfish within 1 thanks to a 2 run 8th. 3-2, Chinooks leading.
Wild 7th innings ends in a double play and scoreless frame. 3-0, Kingfish still trail.
Chinooks now holding a 3-0 lead through 6 innings. Keenan Bartlett has been, save for one hit, untouchable.
Chinooks strike with a James Bleming RBI triple. Kingfish down 1-0 in the 5th.
Reisinger and Bartlett exchanging scoreless frames. Through 3, no score.
We are under way! Reisinger gets out of the first with 7 pitches.
LIVE NOW at https://t.co/s86QAsUkrh come and check it out!
Tonight the @KenoshaKingfish (18-26) host the @LS_Chinooks 18-26) at Simmons Field https://t.co/VqCeIQXdk6
Kingfish blanked at home 7-0. Kingfish were struck out 15 times and left 11 on base
8 innings complete. Kingfish still trail 3-0.
Midway through 6 innings, Mallards lead 3-0. Aside from the HR and 2B, Hecht looks good.
Hecht gets out of the 4th unscathed. Kingfish trailing 3-0.
Mallards strike again with a Maldonado RBI double. Lead 3-0.
Kingfish strand 2 in scoring position to end 2nd. Mallards lead 2-0.
Mallards strike first with a 2 run HR to left by Nate Palace. 2-0, Madison leads.
Under way from Simmons Field! 1-2-3 first for Charlie Hecht.
LIVE NOW at https://t.co/s86QAsUkrh come and check it out!
A little rainy, but the Kingfish have the @MadisonMallards tonight at 7:05 CT
RT @BretBaier: Thanks to the #LateShow &amp; @StephenAtHome for having me on! Catch it tonight 11:35pmet on CBS #LSSC @colbertlateshow https://…
Mallards finish off Kingfish 7-1. Kingfish now 18-25 on season.
Mallards broke out with a 5 run 7th to take a 6-1. Kingfish unable to respond in the top of the 8th.
Spranger's final line: 5.2 IP; 4 H; 1 ER; 3 BB; 4 K. Game tied 1-1 through 6.
Mike Byrne has 5 K's through 2. My goodness.
Mallards rally with an RBI single and tie the game 1-1.
First pitch of the ballgame and Blake Reese goes yard! 1-0 Kingfish in the 1st.
LIVE NOW at https://t.co/s86QAsUkrh come and check it out!
Rookie's Restaurant and Sprits is the coolest restaurant I've ever been to. https://t.co/B9XBimZewk
Tough 8-5 loss for @KenoshaKingfish tonight. Will play @MadisonMallards tomorrow night.
Rafters clinging to a 5-4 lead through 7.
5-4, Kingfish trailing the Rafters, as we head to the top of the 7th.
Rafters get 2 runs and take the lead 5-4
4-3, Kingfish lead, after Dustin Woodcock hits a 2 run HR.
Kingfish plate 4 runs, highlighted by a Mason Fishback 2-run double.
Rafters leading 1-0 midway through 2 innings.
Rafters get on the board first and lead 1-0.
LIVE NOW at https://t.co/s86QAsUkrh come and check it out!
Another gorgeous day at Simmons Field! @RapidsRafters and @KenoshaKingfish at 7:05 CT https://t.co/gj6YAXbIEk
The Kingfish hold on! Ryan Orr gets the save, and the Kingfish finish off the Rafters 2-1. Now 18-23 on the season, 2-3 in the 2nd half.
Kingfish will send Ryan Orr out for the save opportunity in the 9th against the Rafters. Kingfish lead 2-1.
Rafters, hitting .279 as a club (2nd best in NWL) have been held to 6 hits and 1 run through 7. Impressive performance by the Kingfish.
The Kingfish, who had turned a league low 19 doubles plays coming into today, have turned 3 this afternoon. Night and day.
The Kingfish, who had turned a league low doubles plays at 19 coming into today, have turned 3 this afternoon. Night and day.
Kingfish, once again, playing the 1st place Rafters tough. Lead 2-1 in the 5th.
2 RBI doubles, 2 runs, and the Kingfish now have a 2-1 lead.
Kingfish turn their 20th double play of the season to finish the top of the 2nd. Still no score.
Thurston takes the hill and sets the Rafters down 1-2-3. Still scoreless in the first.
LIVE NOW at https://t.co/s86QAsUkrh come and check it out!
RT @KenoshaKingfish: Here are highlights from last night's 9-4 comeback win over Kalamazoo! Shoutout to producer @JoeyOlson614 and broadcas…
After a great comeback win last night, the Kingfish host @RapidsRafters at 4:05 CT
The Kingfish took the win 9-4 tonight. Fantastic comeback and win to force the series split. Now have record of 17-23.
A 6-run 8th, and the Kingfish have the lead 9-4! What a comeback!
Adam Dressler extends scoreless scoreless inning streak to 11.2 innings.
Erickson finishes the 7th. His day: 7.0 IP; 4 H; 4 ER; 4 BB; 4 K. 4-3, Growlers.
JD Hearn makes it a 4-3 game on an RBI groundout. Erickson back out for the 7th.
Erickson gets through the 6th without a hitch. 4-2, Growlers still lead.
Through 5 innings, the Kingfish still trail 4-2.