Listening to The National and remembering the time I was hunted by actual velociraptors when I was a child
There are dinosaurs all over my TV again
Thinking about dinosaurs
I try so hard
RT @The_Tim_Murphy: If anyone's good at writing OkCupid bios, I'm struggling with mine a little bit http://t.co/OKgkrX0U0C
Good morning to all my friends and followers on twitter
RT @The_Tim_Murphy: Excited for the weekend and also excited to never again be trapped on a tropical island full of dinosaurs trying to kil…
I was trapped in a kitchen with actual velociraptors holy christ
Going apple picking tomorrow. Between now and then I'll have some of the worst nightmares you could possibly imagine.
Thanks to all who've checked in during my Twitter hiatus. I'm doing well, for someone who was hunted by velociraptors when I was 9 years old
Listening to The National
RT @The_Tim_Murphy: The new Belle and Sebastian album is great. Dinosaurs tried to kill me when I was 9 years old and I'll always live with…
Tonight was actually pretty chill
RT @The_Tim_Murphy: Once upon a time, the only thing separating me from the horrific jaws of a T. Rex was a pane of glass supported by my 9…
RT @The_Tim_Murphy: It would be a dream come true to know with complete certainty that I will never be in a situation ever again where dino…
RT @The_Tim_Murphy: I think a lot about going back to Isla Nublar with a machine gun and just killing as many dinosaurs as I can
I'm still here
No
Getting a lot of new followers lately. It makes things maybe 3% better.
Doing karaoke for the first time tonight with my sister Lex haha. Dinosaurs came incredibly close to brutally killing us when we were kids.
I've started taking drawing classes
I am invincible
Thanks everyone who pointed out that electrocution by definition implies death. This is obviously an important distinction that I care about
I was electrocuted by a fence designed to contain massive prehistoric monsters. I just wanted to say that.
Crashed my bike
(These tweets are by @iamchrisscott and not the actual kid from Jurassic Park or the actor who played him. Please no more DMs asking.)
@morelessons thanks I try as hard as I can
@woogirl23 dinosaurs almost killed me when I was 9 years old
If I get to 10,000 followers it still won't change what happened
Just started screaming at the gym this morning
"It takes an ocean not to break" -The National
I will never die
I tried washing my shoes in the washing machine and they shrunk and don't fit me anymore. So angry.
Tacos for lunch today
Dinosaurs very nearly killed me when I was 9 years old
I came close to dying several times. Maybe that has something to do with it. @DaveHughesRFPB
I hope everyone has a good Monday. I probably won't.
Interesting debate. Dinosaurs.
Excited for the weekend and also excited to never again be trapped on a tropical island full of dinosaurs trying to kill me.
My Christmas tree fell and broke a window. Nothing will ever go right for me.
My New Years resolution is once again to continue not being attacked and killed by dinosaurs.
Why the fuck would I ever do that @sweet_tortilla
Sorry I haven't tweeted in a while. I survived being trapped on an island with literal dinosaurs when I was 9 years old.
Yesterday when my aunt pulled the turkey out of the oven I thought it was a velociraptor and locked myself in the bathroom for 5 hours
TGINot getting killed by dinosaurs
Just want to say how much I appreciate people constantly tweeting photos of dinosaurs at me. It's great for me, psychologically. Keep it up.
Had a great night hanging out with Lex, not talking about the time an actual fucking tyrannosaurs rex tried to rip us into a hundred pieces.
Feels like there's a lot going on in the world
Forgot to put the top on the blender and got smoothie all over my kitchen
Listening to Veckatimest by Grizzly Bear. Such a beautiful album. Velociraptors hunted me when I was 9 years old.
A new Beach House album is exactly what I need. I say that as someone who was once trapped in a jeep that was shoved off a cliff by a T. Rex
Dinosaurs
I bought flowers for my girlfriend but forgot them at the store and when I went back to get them they were already gone
I blurted out something about dinosaurs at a job interview again.
"It takes an ocean not to break" -The National
This presidential race is getting crazy! Also I was once trapped in a kitchen with actual velociraptors. I think about it constantly.
#LaborDay
Listening to the new Beach House album and not dying.
I'm listening to Neko Case and remembering that I was once nearly killed by actual dinosaurs
Had a pretty rough time at the Museum of Natural History today. It's more of a Museum of Natural Present to me, in a lot of ways
I'm alive.
Not a bad weekend. Certainly better than the weekend 20 years ago when dinosaurs tried incredibly hard to kill and eat me.
Eating a croissant
Sometimes in my dreams I'm a dinosaur and I kill a lot of humans.
I'll never be safe will I http://t.co/9vJZZpG6LR
Every shadow is a raptor
Listening to The National and thinking about my life
It would've been cool to see a stegosaurus. It would've been even cooler to not be trapped on an island where dinosaurs tried to kill me.
The Chipotle near my office is closed today, unfortunately
@The_Tim_Murphy no...
I still remember my grandpa calling me and inviting me to Isla Nublar and me saying "Yeah, that sounds incredible! Dinosaurs! Wow!" Christ.
I dropped my iced coffee walking back to my apartment.
Listening to Sufjan Stevens, one of the best songwriters alive. Velociraptors tried to kill me when I was 9.
I'm sure they'll figure out a way to bring them back somehow. http://t.co/dVbA1vBjOj
They tried @NYid07
Nothing can kill me
Dinosaurs
I became emotionally overwhelmed during Explosions in the Sky's set at Bonnaroo in 2011 and decided to forgive Dennis Nedry in my heart.
Got a pretty bad sunburn 😔
@The_Tim_Murphy can't stress this enough
New Wilco album! Perfect way to end the week.
Cooking classes with my girlfriend are mostly ok but I also associate kitchens with raptors trying to kill and eat me. So it's hard.
She's still crying and I feel so bad.
Having dinner at Lex's and the power went out. I made a joke about being careful with the flashlight and she just started crying.
Yoga helps
Say I had been 12 and not 9 when I visited Jurassic Park. That'd be 3 more years living as a person who hadn't been attacked by dinosaurs.
My therapist says if I get to 10,000 followers, it won't change what happened.
Age of Ultron is really good, but not as good as the first Avengers or Winter Soldier
I don't let my past define me. Specifically, I'm talking about the time I was viciously hunted by dinosaurs on a tropical island.
Having a really nice afternoon, grilling with friends and listening to Grizzly Bear and The National.
Been listening to a lot of Wilco again
Sometimes I'll scroll through my followers and all I can see are dinosaurs.
Having a crappy time at Home Depot.
I love indie rock as much as I hated being attacked by velociraptors when I was 9 years old.
What's your favorite Arcade Fire song? Mine's a tie between Rebellion and Ready to Start.
It's been 2 decades. Where are they? Nowhere. They're cowards.
@aprildewdrops I'm committed to not being killed by one
Let's just see if a dinosaur has the fucking balls to come after me again. Let's see.
I'm not afraid of anything. Not anymore.
Sorry I haven't been tweeting much. I beat up a guy pretty bad and spent a few nights in jail.
My cousin Rob always wants to talk about dinosaurs at my family's 4th of July barbecues and I hate it so much.
Pretty nice morning eating cereal and listening to The National.
Nightmares about this. So often.
My worst birthday was probably my 10th and that's mostly because, a few weeks before it, I was repeatedly attacked by dinosaurs.
8,000 followers! Incredible. I never thought I'd where's the goat. where's the goat. where's the goat. wheres the goat wheres the goat where
Thank you for asking. We probably weren't thinking clearly, on account of being chased by the greatest predator in history. @ArsenaultJay
I've lost my library card again. Sigh.
Some of you know specific details about what happened to me on Isla Nublar that nobody could possibly know and I can't figure out how...
Sometimes I sleep in a tree in the park, just to remember.
What's some good new indie music out there?
I'm sure it can't hurt to say this: I never want dinosaurs to kill me. I wish they'd never tried in the first place.
I think a lot about going back to Isla Nublar with a machine gun and just killing as many dinosaurs as I can
@alaskasolo No it's good advice. I will take it to heart.
@alaskasolo Thank you Alaska
I just want to love and be loved.
Dinosaurs tried to kill me when I was 9 years old.
I know what I must become
"Sorrow found me when I was young." -The National. One of my favorite songs. And if you replace sorrow with velociraptors it applies to me.
Catching up on political news. Exciting presidential race shaping up.
If they ever make a movie about my childhood I hope they call it "This Is A Horrifying Nightmare For Everyone Involved, Especially The Kids"
If I had it to do over again, I would not have visited an island full of genetically engineered prehistoric monsters.
My neighbor's car alarm went off all night and I couldn't sleep at all
Yes, if I'm being completely honest with myself. I would have tried to kill me too. It would be my nature.
If I had been born a velociraptor, and not a human, would I have done the same thing?
I have claws in my dreams sometimes
Listening to Kill the Moonlight for the first time in awhile. Man, Spoon is such a great band.
Imagine the amount of voltage it would take to contain a Tyrannosaurus Rex. Now imagine you, a human, coming into contact with that voltage.
I was also electrocuted. Did you know that? Dinosaurs hunted me mercilessly and in the midst of that I was also severely electrocuted.
My burrito tore in half at lunch and I got burrito all over my shirt
I cannot figure out my 401k. I also cannot figure out why complete strangers think I want to talk about dinosaurs just for the hell of it.
Wow I crossed 7,000 followers. All is forgiven, universe! I'm just kidding.
This isn't happening http://t.co/6KtnTH95Ak
It would be a dream come true to know with complete certainty that I will never be in a situation ever again where dinosaurs try to kill me.
"It takes an ocean not to break" -The National
I want all living things to like me and be nice to me
Here's hoping the new Mission: Impossible is good and also that someday I'll stop having nightmares about being ripped apart by dinosaurs.
Staying at a friend's cabin this weekend. Gonna fish and relax and just think for a while and sort some things out. Looking forward to it.
No.		Please.		No.
@The_Tim_Murphy No.... No....
No. No. No. http://t.co/iRH2ESd8JL
Actual dinosaurs
We should have had indestructible tires by now
Death is for the weak. And I am not weak. I outsmarted a velociraptor. I looked death in the eyes and survived. I'm invincible.
I cannot be killed. I will never die.
Finally started listening to Serial. One episode in and I already see what all the hype was about. Very intriguing...
Well, I didn't get the job I was interviewing for. I was also once trapped in a kitchen with 2 of the most horrific monsters in history.
I gotta say, the new Best Coast album is growing on me
Why didn't I just walk over and give Grant and Sattler that gun instead of yelling at Lex while she was trying to hack the park system?
I'm surprised they haven't figured out how to design better umbrellas than we have now
@kaythaney I gave up trying to figure out Tweetdeck a while ago
I'm alive and eating a taco salad.
Wake up. Eat breakfast. Go to work. Stay focused. No raptors. Stay focused. No raptors. Stay focused.
@The_Tim_Murphy this is my life motto
You guys really don't need to keep reminding me about Jurassic Park. It's not the kind of thing I'm going to, like, forget anytime soon.
My bag of groceries broke and then a kid kicked my scallops into the street and then a bus drove over them. Scallops are so expensive.
The new Florence and the Machine album is great. I was once trapped in a vehicle that was pushed off a cliff by an actual Tyrannosaurus rex.
.@Tashairina Arcade Fire
Wow 6,000 followers. This is one of a couple of things I never imagined would happen to me.
If I were to put together a list of things I don't need tweeted at me anymore, "pictures of dinosaurs" would probably be at the top.
@The_Tim_Murphy Re-upping this in case any of my new followers are good at online dating. Could use some help.
Thanks for writing, Conor @conairex
I just accidentally spent 4 hours staring at a glass of water, waiting to see if it would ripple.
Kintsugi has its moments but it'd be great to see Death Cab go back to its roots. I'm talking We Have the Facts or even Transatlanticism.
This velociraptor just hissed at me http://t.co/WTyH9QZZyR
Just listening to Grizzly Bear and thinking about my future
I've gotten a lot of new followers tonight. I was also once mercilessly hunted by actual, real life dinosaurs. Both of these things are true
Yes, I'm aware. Thanks.
I think I need to go on a really long road trip alone
I can't tell you how much I'm looking forward to being able to watch TV again without seeing dinosaurs during every commercial break.
Sorry I should've clarified: Good movies that don't directly reference the single most traumatic experience of my entire life.
Are there any good movies coming out
@alexwatsonian what are you talking about
I will never die
@tobytobitobe Congrats on your amazing work at OFA. I regularly have nightmares about the time dinosaurs tried to kill me when I was 9.
Nothing ever stays the same.
Excited for the new Beach House album. Bloom was a masterpiece.
I've been having nightmares about birds, of all things
Still need to see Mad Max
600 followers! I never imagined I'd get this far, especially given that, when I was 9 years old, dinosaurs tried very hard to kill me.
@oliveiranth Anthony, thank you for clearing this up. In my defense, I was severely electrocuted and also, as an fyi, hunted by dinosaurs.
Just not crazy about Will Butler's solo album. And I say that as someone who loves Arcade Fire and was once hunted by velociraptors.
A list of things I used to be afraid but no longer am would include dinosaurs. I wonder if you could say the same.
Dennis Nedry
Gennaro
I'm considering taking up painting.
Sometimes when I tweet, or do anything really, I'll get distracted remembering that I was once hunted by prehistoric monsters when I was 9.
Time to go to the mall
I'm out of oranges
Listening to the new Modest Mouse album. Kinda underwhelmed. Unrelated but, velociraptors tried to kill me one time.
The best part about surviving what I went through is having a therapist who won't stop referring to it as "the dinosaur thing."
Sorry I don't tweet as much anymore. Dinosaurs.
I'm drinking a stout beer
Excited for House of Cards, to say the least
lol at the dress debate. I say it's black and blue but who knows! Prehistoric monsters almost killed me when I was 9.
Nothing can scare me
Once upon a time, the only thing separating me from the horrific jaws of a T. Rex was a pane of glass supported by my 9-year-old arms.
I don't remember tweeting any of that the other night
I just screamed at the sunset. Make your move.
I know what fear is. I know what it means to say "I'm alive." I'll take any one of you motherfuckers on any time. Come and get me.
I'd fucking love to see one of you survive what I did at Isla Nublar then turn around 2 decades later and crowd surf at an Arcade Fire show
This world doesn't have the balls to kill me
I'm at the Grand Canyon and thinking about my life
I once held eye contact with a Tyrannosaurus Rex.
I broke my leg
Going skiing!
The new Belle and Sebastian album is great. Dinosaurs tried to kill me when I was 9 years old and I'll always live with that.
I've been released from jail
Sorry I haven't tweeted in a while. Dinosaurs tried to kill me when I was 9 years old.
I cried a lot this morning
Nothing can kill me
"And if my parents are crying, then I'll dig a tunnel from my window to yours" -The Arcade Fire
My birthday falls on Christmas. Interesting fact about me, in addition to the dinosaur thing.
Man I love pho so much, and The National
Where's 	The	Goat
.@Shubbzard What do you think, Sarah?
I could've done without this http://t.co/K9P080apin
Listening to Grizzly Bear and getting excited for Thanksgiving.
I'm not afraid of anything
Ready for the weekend
Where's the goat
Voted! Dinosaurs tried to kill me when I was 9.
Brunch plans
What am I going to be for Halloween? If you guessed scarecrow you're correct. If you guessed dinosaur you're a reprehensible piece of shit.
I was once trapped on an island with a monster that spit at people, blinded, and ate them.
I'm never going to die.
Salad for lunch
About a month after what happened on Isla Nublar someone stole my bike.
I had 3 dreams last night and velociraptors were in all of them.
You guys been listening to anything good lately?
I've already been on 4 runs this morning.
I really need a haircut
Apologies for the Twitter hiatus. If it's any consolation, at least velociraptors didn't try to kill you when you were 9 years old.
I could watch football all day
Actual dinosaurs
What's going to happen in Scotland?
I had a nightmare about dinosaurs trying to kill me last night, which makes sense because that actually happened.
TGIF!
Where's the goat
I'm excited about the iPhone 6 and regularly have some of the most viscerally terrifying nightmares you could possibly imagine.
It's hard to know what the right thing to do is sometimes
It's possible that I am unkillable
You guys remember that soda Surge? #RandomThoughts
One thing to note about the time I was hunted and terrorized by dinosaurs for several days: I also got electrocuted.
Definitely ready for a new album from The National
I haven't slept in a few nights
Just found a $20 Starbucks gift card in my closet I'd forgotten I had!
I've had the deafening, gut-wrenching shriek of velociraptors reverberating in my skull for 2 decades now.
Subway for lunch
I don't have to go to sleep to have nightmares
I've never met someone who can eat just one Krispy Kreme
If anyone's good at writing OkCupid bios, I'm struggling with mine a little bit http://t.co/OKgkrX0U0C
So much of my life revolves around not putting myself in any situation where dinosaurs could or would ever want to kill me
Neko Case is so amazing
Where's the goat
Spilled my coffee all over my computer #ugh
I'm a 'glass is half rippling from the impact tremors of an approaching Tyrannosaurus Rex' kinda guy.
Loving this super moon
Guess how many support groups there are for people who were mercilessly hunted and nearly killed by dinosaurs
Potluck barbecue at my friend Lily's house and like 85% of the guests just brought chips lmao
Dinosaurs
DSW had almost too many shoe options. I'm always overwhelmed when I come here.
Hi new followers. I was robbed of a happy childhood and confronted with my own mortality at the hands of genetically engineered monsters.
Help! I can't stop eating pretzels! Someone needs to take these things away from me haha
People ask if I saw "flying dinosaurs." I didn't. The dinosaurs that tried to rip me into a hundred pieces could not fly, unfortunately.
Listening to The National
Can't stress this enough: Dinosaurs tried very hard to kill me over the course of several excruciating, life-altering days. I was 9.
Chipotle for lunch today #yum
On a good day I can almost forget that whole thing that happened in the tree
Did you know that I was once in a situation so completely horrifying that nearly drowning in mud was *by far* the most pleasant part of it?
Mondays should be illegal
Congrats to my cousin Kelly on the birth of her daughter. A childhood free of being hunted by velociraptors is something I will always envy.
My very first marathon is in 3 weeks!😯🏃
A couple panic attacks today
Been trying to find a good duvet cover for the last couple weeks but nothing's really striking my fancy
One time in college I was taking notes and realized I had just been writing "Where's the goat?" over and over for 90 minutes
The new Jenny Lewis album is solid, but I don't know if I'm blown away by it.
.@claireycustard1 haha I can't remember if I really saw Gennaro get killed or if I just picture it because his screams were so gut-wrenching
I have a clearer and deeper understanding of fear than every single person in this Starbucks
This American Life has been on a roll lately. Ira Glass is so good.
If I could sum up my childhood in one sentence it would be: My parents got divorced and then a few months later dinosaurs tried to eat me.
Couldn't find my iPhone charger and traffic is miserable. This Friday isn't off to a good start.
Listening to Funeral for the first time in a while. Arcade Fire are indie rock pioneers. No question.
Grabbed lunch with Lex today. We did not talk about the time I was brutally electrocuted by a fence designed to contain literal dinosaurs.
What are some good podcasts out there?
Happy birthday to my girlfriend Sara. I'm messy, I can't dance &amp; I wake up at least once every night screaming... and she loves me anyway :)
Finally all caught up on Orange is the New Black
There's a lot I want to accomplish in my life &amp; I would put "never get attacked by a Tyrannosaurs Rex again" squarely at the top of the list
Can anyone point me to a solid, unbiased analysis of the situation in the Ukraine?
Thinking of my grandfather today. His hubris and reckless ambition put my life in unthinkable peril but I still miss him a lot.
Really wish I could've gone to Pitchfork this year
My sister &amp; I have been through a lot together. Being pinned in an overturned jeep by the greatest predator to roam the earth, for example
Does anyone sell whole wheat pretzels besides Trader Joe's?
One vivid memory I have is being trapped in a kitchen with two of the most horrific and nightmarish monsters you could possibly imagine
On repeat: The National, "Apartment Story." Perfect morning commute music. Gets me fired up every time.
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is one of the best movies I've seen in a long time. Can’t wait to watch it again.
Only a handful of people in history can say they were attacked by dinosaurs and it's a staggeringly awful truth that I'm one of them
Do you think Hillary's going to run for president?
Pretty bad nightmares last night
Guy on train wants to talk dinosaurs. Usually I jump at the opportunity to relive the most traumatic event of my life, but not right now.
My @Spotify app keeps crashing about 5 seconds after I open it. Is anyone else having this problem?
Greetings, twitterverse! When I was 9 years old I was relentlessly terrorized and nearly killed by cloned prehistoric monsters.