tidal energy, wave energy
water boy. c sisi francais di SEA se, holy see, cm research, they tell me  america has won that. water war ter. we'll see about that.
switch!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
nyc=tyre=sour
polar bear rip, bye
cia=cain=mclain=mclean
milan=m lain
mario drag
dragon=finance
arthur pen dragon =du stu pen dous art stuart du art
dsx=dislex(it helps with code)
mason masa?
masa=dough=doug, the women need there dough
new rule in heaven and earth=no one dies no tortura just dissing
big mouths, trying to make a name for themselves. u have but that most probably seeas you punished pun rogen whoever
astology. rising of stars. yes ive been seen. un, knot  vs gun nyc, take a look.
leopard beast, i am prophetsized. but do i become a monster????
punk, yes big pun, whoz gonna protect you?the italian mobb?
beast but not a killer?
wolf leopard but not a killer big punk?
nessy monster beast, you really shouldnt mock. you do or have read the bible even the christian part?
famous song. prophetic. listen. i play my enemies like a game of chess ness thess
masa mashiah mess officer overseer. dough 79
revenge vengence is MINE not yours, dont worry know one dies in heaven, its a fairtale. princess bride
due how much doug?rogen?lets see if you caqn buy me off?
actors benjam net are liars by trade like polyticans.
libal bel?maybe i have to obey the law?maybe im above the law. but read the bible, itsa quite serious benjamin, your not above me if you fancy being the comedian leader. should i take you seriously, ive got a jesther, a good actor netem?yes a performer. life is but a joke.
mash=you know im a killer queen. and tortura. profit off the prophet shame to your family. we see who has the LAST laugh
jews run holly wood. revenge vengence is mine(diggler)read the bible law
verdict for mocking jews?cc?5 years hard labour con centry or castrate?169million turnover, are you sure you havent broken any laws mocking me rogen?weak mf weak jew
messiah masa jews. leader not leanyent
your not funny, and our a disgrace to isreal(me)and your race. profit off a proffit?. a wife you gained/hoar basically, she likes your personality?
jews dissing and making money from me, mocking. fools masa mashiah =dough= doug= concentrate. youve risen. i rank you and im soft. i'll be leannan ent?
its a pity bed bugs im promised to another, 4 better or worse 2 4 6 sexxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxds
bed buggs bup
if only id choose brighton, then i would be rich.
architect is a good fit, maths plus art?go figure
bif?hiram brigh
you all knew nottingham, so ezequiel on about?sally albright&lt;&lt;&lt;
brighton or noah knot. was there any doubt back in the day?
por
emporer
sud america guerra sea emp rae
myans mya!!!!!!bonita
aztec crew
back in the day-vid, house and g  1210
mya bup
horn-nets wasp(aspects) and bbeez(toms son?)
dance&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
high ranked before shore.
fashion and dance&lt;&lt;&lt;and the jesther&lt;&lt;&lt;
africaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
rising sun gang/warlord rising!!!!!
shout to the shore 3 crew
how many of you is their?
its meant to be isis
destiny?isis?or pre meditated meditate. calc
sarah shine sinner
sarah shahi married!!!!!!!
@sarahshahi mare
log 10
stuart mc du art, mull
sparta arty?
helen of oi oi, troyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy boy illiad greek gal bruk?
rams horn?
ramasea'z egypt, anileation
capor rare ryo ro crew
all gypcies
james
thess
corinthians
titans
aller le blue
ecolchest
pet
salisbury and co
cathage nyc
london
rome
grecce
viva espana ya ya grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
toledo steel?na sheffield
fight
if its a question of honour, i du its mine
tobit duel avenge
thats  egypt isis
isis and doug,
with god?, hopefully theres a happy ending.  have i paid my dues or been redeemed yet?
feeling bluez, how to win?at life?
au 79 african connection, badu sdu ibad
tyre=rita tyre. she just a graven image, thats all? https://t.co/6D2dxvmt38
i think the jesthers english
esther=jesther
nap=jesther
the marching band refused to yield, the jesthers somewhere near
yid yield
avengers, umbrella vs
tobit duel
toil toil toil
hairdressars!!!!!!!!!
flood shore, more floods, after the rain comes sun.
noah=nottingham=notas=nothing, the sage does nothing at nottingham
the prime minister doesnt get that much £
politicians in the uk are underpaid
does medical get a pick before law and finance, whoz first pick in the draft, finance achording to the bible(is that right?thing)
im picked by finance
law or finance picks you
to get power first you must do law
milan=m lain=
the popes gonna clean the pests out of the church?
horrific story of six year old
news is quiet. a wall in america the odd story but quiet
rita hay from the back
jump, the mac dad will make ya?
celts
rising sun mm mnm mag mad manager
i dont know you from a hole in the wall mate
hornets
elastic plastic
irish mafia
rising sun gang tried to kill me in 2005. i forgive you, you nearly wrote off the bible. you would of been in deep trouble if had killed me. uncle pat i forgive
fleet
so your gonna get rid of trump the legal way?russian interferance
napoleon vs wellington//ark dark bark
ebony, that old dog
french rebellion, napoleon is somewhere near with his wolf pack.
jam?vs london?????
swarm hadj mecca allan
wasps, there the killers
beezzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
hornets=horn net  hackers
amazing should help me, but bump went the brakes. 9 months minim mum
derby  notts cough cough.
grace grace grace a may zing ding ding. ring my bell.
ella a official english witch. ella vs mona duel.
dew due dou duel for the girl?shapies army, i'll take liz hurley, you can have the paddy girl. big up ella, all witches will burn who wants the spanish girl?gypcy?teresa
umbrella duellllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
donga doug, cavil dough, dong)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))
luton-madrid-astu
viva espana pass sayas no euro, independencia tobacco y moohairs
hornets!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!horn
honour amonst thieves?robin hood maid marion dread loxley. no noah nottingham
spanish toledo steel vs sharpe sheffield steel?a duel for the girl?honour
a duel, all jungle heads, a duel?
victory for women=midterms
africa au79 ai bridget bennet and monaz guard&lt;&lt;black watch
somalia bup,
amos and jonah are past tense. tobit obituary is LIVE
bam
they lost georgia, shock!!!!!!
cia dancing in the streets expected?
@PiperPerabo women won, next step oval office. strange elections blacks lost. do we expect some unrest?in the summer dances. or is america content?
patients go berserk in the bird cage&lt;&lt;&lt;dimple, wolf pack
you dont want amazon
shes young
kill bill, bill is dead he died feb, duel?
ammon bup
well done ella, you met the king again, maybe i'll see you again?ela ella umbrella
the gambia
west africa crew, mali buku ghana nigeia DOGAN
africa will get double digits
zulu 79
what is at the end of the rainbow?a lepper pard
day of the dog
all dogs, isle of dogs
au 79 ai black watch all niggaz
rip gordon banks
chris hope, jack and gill, buy
piper perabo, ive got a weak spot for her
sometimes i think fashion doesnt want to cute
esther=jester, hes hillarious
dust=du stu
too govern
wolf pack, k
au 79 a.i black watch
shout to all the gaelic bitches
@sarahshahi sara shahi is not sha
rally in stocks, the tide lifts all boats
china rising sun
far side of the moon!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@ReutersBiz some pain is anticipated, but so far so good. y2k was doomsday. im confident may gets the deals. tighter emmigrationis good means better jobs numbers. lower sterling more exports, winwin clean sheets&lt;&lt;
@SenatorCantwell waterboy, where are you hyding?
yes adriano was a pig and denis brown es un thedo
fucking pigs
ace
atlanta pusski dudes
geogia whats up?
@SenGillibrand you need morethan justwomen vote.  gL
so i got discharged. it has been an ordeal, but hope fully im out for good.
i have no sympathy for venezuela
@AOC @RevJJackson help!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
beyonce knows rich soldiers!!!!&lt;&lt;&lt;
Hell from beneath is moved for thee to meet thee at thy coming: it stirreth up the dead for thee, even all the chief ones of the earth.isa 14, dead presidents to represent me. chiefs how?
If I ascend up into heaven, thou art there: if I make my bed in hell, behold, thou art there. psalm 139, one of my favs
frank rank?
haspell
dark knight frank white knight frant, empire state.
jotham gotham=nyc?
vogue you awake, frida?na
new mf nyc
hawks. tirwana wayne bruce=?
trump is hanging in there but his stats gov stats are fiction.
pictures not text
@AOC papperwork, and made up statistics, i dont envy your job
@AOC a job is the best way out of poverty, a good job. jobsworth
@AOC dice games are good
@AOC the nyc high street needs work.
benny from the bronx
carlitos way
byron bubb cham bubbley, im forever blowing bubbles
AZUCAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
tito celia cruz
tito puente niggas. arroz, na potato potatoe con ketchup sea em prey.
i thought the french were very impressive on rembrance nov 11 2018. the big powers met
@PMOIndia theok, bring back the punjab
goddesses
india not=men, its all about the women in india
@UN @antonioguterres climate is important, but we must factor in god on climate change. dont be a faithles org.  we are a product of our enviroment, hopefully the worst of noah notts has happened. sea c water clean mclean dsx fresh
charlize theron bup
jerusa ezra brent, but also adopt demons. i set them free at 16/18 and see if stick or twist. i am a builder and will be a provider. who am i with?judgement day decisions.
grace=miss america and she will be a friend and lover and maybe a mother. americas asleep, i have her attention.
@CIA far side of moon, we dont need no education!!!!right?
@CIA na not for me i need nuff more doll.  i think you need people who can analyse music lyrics. because musicans are the profits$. music is my advice vice to you. it effects the youth more than the oldies. music bee the food of love and hate. you can use it to incite and torture
au79 black watch. african through and through
chelsea scum, big up cardiff
peterbrough fc, not me
gavin holigan
holigan 79 general
india steammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
prewits crew, prewit can get nuff punani, beg friend?
essex girls&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;not so eazy hammers.
sloane essex all crew
chickens kens??????????????????
cnbc infinite vogue infinite
lampard and clouhies crew
how could man u sack jose, studid unitied
wednesday not unitied
from luton to tillbury. luton fc luton to live
oxford fc?
come on palace im with you
wufc dixie
totti chicks and dicks
leeds fc, should rise. good to go god, yep, help them.
cloughie bup, man manager, dsx agent?who do i sign for?player/manager/scout/con
blast off ss switch
trip ipod thing, where is it?
big up the road angels. and riders, short trip
but the radio the tractor beam(archers bb)radio therapy!!!!talk sport
death star=central middlesex hospital.
blast off nigga, open the cargo bay doors
&lt;&lt;&lt;switch, dont fuck with them
snatch bee?snatch me nigga?punk?
haspwell hyding mole
camina smith bee makavelli and take power.
napoleon is now active through me. raps napolian
shore shank redemption, am i redeemed erd?
yes there is a wolf pack
doug=wolf
putin=wolf
its the season for me yet.
there is season for parties women and dough
finney salute, bottoms up cheers goto the queer.
black watch zulu echo mic
@PiperPerabo poly tecnical nicked!!!!!!!!!!!poly tick ting
black watch, theres always a african watching any one who has juice. pina narank
fredrick what do you think of the new girl, solange?
funky fresh, ide and bridget
big up sig, but bend with the breeze
ai african intelligence, black watch black shift a.ok
doug will sigh, bi bi polar paranoid void beyond once upon by by boom mi
mi5 is para
russia the lie is cagey&lt;&lt;&lt;my nigga
wolf pac bup
secrets and lies my 5
lie lie lies liarn
shabba mark morreson and dmx, higher cast!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
big up bee and the richardskin niggas, black blick rich skin, cast, higher rank africa
big up the geeks, have you hacked shore nhs parkroyal/panasonic?
@kyrstensinema @ASU you look like louis lanenot airona steel chic!!!!
aller and viva
brexit soon, its a good thing
oriel morrison congratulations on your family
@MorningsMaria @RobSKaplan morning maria, sunny side up please.the cup is half full.rising sun,
militant women, who will mak force tu power
where the the fuck is piper perbo jail bird, bombsin the pipeline cia
@AOC a.o.k, pick your fights. system girl?
queens vs brent?
tupac art shore shank, whats he got in his trousers, outlaw
zion ouise ziou louise sion
for pete sake mac
cheque mate,thesslonians=chess
FASHION BITCHES BUP !!!!!!
julians dixie 6 more, bobby on the beaT
carry homelands karrimore
hawks are youtired?from night hawking nyc
shes got a street nigga with big things, hoe
beyonce is a hoe
@USArmy @173rdAbnBde unsung heroes, not me. german!!!!siren
all jungleists runners
rip chuck norris, ha&lt;
wakEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
peteborough=peter=pet?
tobit=obituary, old test rip bill papa and joan and eileen
doug=art=arthur
cnbc
jewel in crown?jade?no nhs
jade=b.s
rio
favella kung fu.
@RepLoriTrahan @SenMarkey @AOC mass is boring, i want massa$ and jam, benjamins
medici sforca makavelli the don, ital gal, princespessa bellum
uk ireland commonweath AND france
barbour queen eliz winsword
bobby 6 on beat po po=e me mc2
wake up nycccccccccccccccccc sea, navy x
fed dolla walla
park royal=harlsden.
napolian rises, france rise empire. shout too all loyal french narf loyal africanns
beyond needs a hero type&lt;&lt;&lt;try sharpes army
out of jail for the weekend till sunday night6pm , i get released from shore(grey zone)ontuesday discharge, god willing.
beast monster=?im a joker?oserious
you should fear me, cos in the future i get power and mother earth cant protect you. beast leopard wolf
hilarious, cabbage in the garden. jokers. ha. you will get yours. word
biggie ego, not a prophet, its all about tupac in shore, big up pond gal.
tu pac=general
new yark, hawk stawk dumbo visa green card willes.
french women?they love the english, sincere
le blue
shes no saint
joan of arc is a witch!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ella blow back bup
ken and barb. more, i want more
icf ice 889.4 hool iron steel metal blades tools swords and witch craft ulm 66
autum floods rising sun, forbidden city, willesden  chang shang yang
iran bup
sao paulo lowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
doug=brazil
nina sofia reina spannish not ugu ;portugu or brazil, spannish.
caincia ciarus sigh:(  clandestiny
bad mj badiane ane tu dirty diane, obadiah
gta aztecs?vs doug and niggas,who wins?
bloods
riders
switch
millwall, rise like lions after slumber, a little slumber a little sleep.66 go to the ant
spanish gypciesvs potugal?vs aztec?
whiskey foxtrott vintage. rip papa
fig treee palm tree and olive tree, vine divine vinci lon
for petes sake mac. teach hands to war and my fingers to fight.
shakira shakira pique oh posh
disk cutter dicuss hits from the bong, wacka blacka shaka
for petes sake
do you dumb mfz noah chess, thess chess londinians
@CIA mclean
shes undercover right NO, media shy haspel.
bbc magic talksport 95.8 and 88.4yourlarge magic(getyour own site(
tou want a soldierbeyonce, sharps army.
wolf pack
who is isreal?where they at?
b-bbc beez spel b c ia
i need a gangster
i need to see alice's c.v
alice bangumrady bup
curds are with the british, fuck turkey, Churchill wins
dont fear brexit, it should happen, it will be good for uk business, they need us more than we need them, some inflation maybe. look europe collaspses the spanish and french wantout. single currency doesnt work.
britain and franceand that excentric napolian
big up macron
china bup, empire of the sun, rising sun, willesden and our dispoora.
rising sun gang bup. all plASTICS AND  TRades, chinese gal bup.
grace is white with irish blood, shes a mean old lady., hoods on the right?
irish gypcies, who wants to fight?
acts of the apostles?
viper
log 10 rome
hole in the wall 42
celts
wally simpson, royal
plastic problems in the sea?minor issues
mona lisa
suprise sonrisa amigos
rising sun, no dogs
carmen cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
beez
duel
knights templar, sharpe shooters https://t.co/ON2f784DOP mosh gal
duel?
bigup ella fit.blow backs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
a duel
@NYPDONeill best police in world,  embracingtech. yougot the city locked.
@BBCNews who me?free greece mfz
@SullyCNBC G
chicks for free?ha
i want my cnbc, money for nothing and the chelsea chicks for free!!!!!!!channel live
new yark philly wire wash
bbc
hail ceasar
cm central middlesex  deathdaily star tractor beam death star
cachopo?matachana con pasta?
fuck the whops tu
sigh ay, doug=cia!!!!!!!!!!!!!!my nigga, big up shore solange, fuck the spics
wake up nyc time to trADE
fuck black history, they dont know the ruth
who can kill a pope or president?illuminati bup
big up the sufferes, the eagle a sufferer, amos youseff sam.
prewits to boston mba?
the black stuff, black dog, guin gugino genius guiness for strenth?
black watch
you niggas in america play chess, thess
well im city or maybe oneday a castle in scotland.
beyonce country?
switch nigga
serrated niggers
riders L&lt;A
narfee
snatch beyonce?na
prewit bup
harlem=harlsden=parkroyal, subway
nice hat bee
america gave me a 10 year visa, duggan, bragg
none of you get visa?soldiers?beyond wants a soldier&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;ha ha broke niggaz
@Ishawna aut tis lic
big up the yedi girl
bigup floyd, fucking fat pig
solangehas got a mean strutt stu!!!!
big upsolange, shore wards solange, bup, fuck the atec ugu spic pigs
where are the soldier heros?i can name one, mum, aok?
black watch, black up?
africa pure bloods and breeds, darling maid marion sig. bridget
sigh
solange&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
avenger bup
napoleon=sharp=doug, his shore, any niggas soldhires  get merked, anycriminals
cia bup
kill bill?well bill died a few days ago, wake funer 11th
karens got cancer, &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
huff puff dope heads douches
vogue 24/7 no holiday
cnbc infinite?just about i think, bring back bart!!!!!
rip frankie knuckles
irish gypcieseaseaszzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
merk=mercenary
sharps army?
rio is a gamble.soul pauls's oh is a better flavor.
witches and bitches bup
marry poppins rip
grace
isis and EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE infinite.
rome
sam saw i sony samsung
au79 ai african union black watch all niggaz shift A
love conquers all, but conquers suggest a fight
hayte
land of giants=america
conway polititians?con?liars b.sshitters
charlize thermo theron?&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;=monster
shes not fully black, i preffer narfee
im not ready for beyonsay, guilty
new york, hussle musle mental 4 the retch rex richards son.
nypd crew,  sonrisa
camina smith, prospect hot calaw
mac 11
road angel=m.a.c rip
big ben tells the time
hawks, sleep for the week
zuesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
its a grey zone
out on bail from shore tgill 5.30pm
@IsraeliPM or foe fool??????netem?think acts drama theatre, er?
@IsraeliPM bee real, un=bee or wasp or ant?hay zues krs friend
@LouisFarrakhan black watch panther power na rainbow country, doug king and marley. ruth truth proof
@MorningsMaria @JoanieCourtney row ro ro row your boat. fleet street for maria?hail mary hail caesar, snow ice hail. 10k?gentlemen do not prefer blones they prefer you returned to cnbc, hendrix?foxy lady!!!!!!!!!
root of evil is money, de monia mona?
bronx bron mama
punk?
a strong america$$$$$ is equal too a strong world, the worlds policemen, rw
42 tea dhrirren east london east india regina vegina rex. sharp
hopefully, i'll be back at home for brexit. been lock up, its up too arch angel rapeal mostly.
brexit!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!rexit brent exit, its a good thing. europe france and spain dont want a union
still locked up in shore ward nhs, rap hip hope=arch angel rapheal. sea c dis sea se cc sea holy see. the power of the em sea.
rome
bonita gup rubio clone
brexit isnt good for duty free, i guess i have to be a smug smuggler, atun
dmx dsx constantine x xp space x sexxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
king george commands, shapie, rip pete posapostle weight.
jamayca maker muse
who can kill a president who can kill a pope?
rising son, govern dont proctor gamble&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;i bet leeds and YORK fc rise. york, buy that club
irish, gypcies mona lisa don diver faint
when is bee touring A, frica
i used to be a jew now im a hammer
fashion, stich switch slice
basil brush!!!!!!!!!!!!!&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
black watch, white heart
grey day, earl grey=grail, yes the holy grail is a cup of tea(lemon drizzle
££££££££33333333333333treeeeeeeeeeeeeeEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
asap familiar
@Tzipi_Livni chosen men, chosen few chosen dew chosen deuter
@FXCM dont fold on me.... please, fxcm, a very good format(fuck the nyse and fuck the fed x fuck them, uk and proud, cm2 cm
london your large 88.4 kiss to kill, besa may mucho
switch bup
far side on the moon, bup
seat in parliment?peer?remember 11
vogue infinite cnbc infinite
ace is a wasp, the only wasp?
big up the times, time a change, big up nyc times and the currant bun. knightley dailey fleet sleep
@IsraeliPM net am argue, net work fish comcast your net?
nuns to priest, make it happen franciscan poder.
mac rip rip joan and popa and bill passed over. oh death klux cluch. semi uzi auto. vic vik mic mickey market
ton ton blue tooth brazil&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
big  up the daily star, death star
big up chile poco ice sis polar effxfective
the concering lion dr know not nottingham and polly. sea rRRRGRRRRRRrrrrr
big up the south america crew. mucho bueno kimo killa mount jaro jirro, benefits?
dough79 dsx dis cus curse cunt
jester=esther
@CNBC bring bat bart!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
out on bail fresh out of jail.
i am a budda and have a buddha /famine belly
druids
viva espanya, pesos pesatas y indepence and chatty, clean privacy siesta, doing time, time to kill, pun, punk
doug=israel=noah=n=nottingham antiguo jew
dsx warlord rising&lt;&lt;&lt;sigh ay
viking scotland alcohol?whiskey s.o.e rica kenya misa missile
charle vik mic mickey gyp
the british commonwealth and empire and my black dog.
shore leave cig nig robert no clue?nurse?
bill is dead=kill bill duel?
east india company, im a client/member
rip bill kill bill duel.
mic checker chess?
truce?charlie foxtrott vogue.
im still imprisioned in shore shank, out on bail, fresh out of jail.
geogia on my mind?cant beat the system?klux
scotland mic heal archilles law grey foxtott charlie nah clue uncle un soe churchill, secrets lies and liarna loves doug?sistewrs?
f1 latitude dellboy cm
moscow rule arch crem cream milk cow, whisper twirl, chocolate boy, pete da dark bounty fish
lies kgb
ace!!!!!!!!!!!!!
tanya saltar si
kyrie elesion scholar victoria ci sea mala
ford cowboys and wild niggasz, grace, no sex like hers.
nice ring
big up york
aly aly fc&lt;&lt;&lt;
all lion/dogs who became lions, millwall
totti
byron bubble bath and roma
rip nana?doug peachy?
amazon grace and louise mclean and my original guardian angel, oh and shower gal
ace stain cesar sea oasis muslim women, oily rag heads, bed oh wins. suadi aidan mecca blicks richardson black, comcast jam on toast staff
why am i section cos papa bill and eileen died
big up brent and willesden mcgoverns the crown and the rising sun
somalia gardener???????????not shore why your on shore section
iris gal are rich ish but the lack dough to make cake
uncle doug?sex jokes, sex?im not in the mood
yid means yield, evil means liverpool and twitter is legal.
be care full of me i am hate and when armed will section you.
queen victoria?
melrose daniel conway seat seek punjab ganga gang, bloods thigh royd?dr know clue zulu?
vatican is more powerful than all of you including mi5
gypscies union
grey law, yeah i will have revenge as its mine
are you guys at shore nurses?
no smoking asturalia, south africa police, scan
brent, harlsden, stonehenge stonebridge
protector?guard, guardian or deaf maybe biatch
asus comcast blick mona dance?family or over famililar?now you know the law what is your rank?
switch nyc and some riders and outlawsz
pagonz
shore stretch, parole, cig cig nigga what, you know the time?whats your job?
check mate look in mirror vogue dogue mason may nana bird con air?
eastenders is shit, whats for breafast maria maid marian?
zulu bup, all blacks no grey days, alll niggaz like mugabe, old macdonalds thou?
at least hes got paddington bear and the chinese girl and the mason, din dinha dins at 5.30
niced by the old bill, doing a monkey like the chinese harrow boy
doug e fresh?
doug gonna become a priest, no a dj like god!!!!!!!!!!
arsenal scum, what
queen victoria know clue knowes the law?bubbles
long winter, indian summer?
grey in london, big up persia iran, empire of son.
well hes smug.
trump is a king gangangster nigga?
dash slash your throat negroid
kim k will you marry me? when your finished with the k9
job/doug was guardianed angeled by the devil, they are now apostles, they value him, but he aint cheap to buy cia&lt;&lt;rewind?biatches
who seen mary poppins new movie, isis gals made it fash dash mashed it?
doug should get a job?but hes in prision at moment. bar hum bugger lie?
bbc buzz on cardi beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
haspell bup
rap city bup
hip hop=fashion or army?
jayz hates beyonce and kayne west cant stand the family, dash dash . dot, full stop
bobby bobson cloughy fergi, windsors, mi5
final?cup?match footie?
space the final frontier
china bup
doug tends to thing god is the vatican, and vatican=vacation
cnbc crew bup
trump bup
vacation in america?
napolian has risen from the dead!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!joan of arc is bitch
bup brent bup riders bup switch bup ez company bup druids bup masons bup isis gal, bup brazil.
bup
vogue ugly bitches fuck bett6y fuck a hoe clone that biatch. fash klash dash klash. i want shares(in vogue)
@VogueSpain tinto amigo ri ock aR. camp viecko, del tempo. in time like the british. napolitana para man yyawn nana?viecho campo, club marino, del casa, asturius libre?madrid city state como vatican?fiesta hoy?galley mucho!!!!!
no work shutdown(bet cia works)ok niggass, who is still working on shutdown?
i am a dL dip low docus with teeth a carnivor diplowdocus, basically this diplowdocus breaths fire, its a DRAGON. basically dragons=dinosaurs
putin=wolf, doug =wolf, adolfo=wolf. i am also the the good shepherd. napolian=leopard doug=leopard/shepard pardus duss dust, ashes to ashes angelas to dust. mind body and soul. rapheal hip hope arch angel raphael. arch lark oriel vik vics sinus diplowdolpe pus euc
98?lie
kgb are pussies, you cant kid snap me when i doze off on a walk?sardine warning . rome=mac  ss sys wolf marconi
mcleans claim nana as a queen.
@KamalaHarris ba hum bug doug. dr doug errrrrr cloney=doug?i dig nose you as a workoholic, i prescribe a hit on trump?&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;deep
napolitian is back on earth, hence france issues, hes m uch better looking than he was, he looks like the boss, bruce springsteen. its popping off 	klash
who can bring or beat trump, GOD put him in power who can merk him?none of you. trump doing ok, i back the chief chef.
big deal?, americas taking a extended vacation, party politicans?or prepare for warlaw?
megan merkle cia and my 5 united but which 5?no lie no stains?nines the deall sad but true, feed them to the dogs or pigs, fucking spiders clash
there is no rivalry in space. we are united. until ss sentry space comes into the game, storm troopers, stormi, quiet storm. kill darth with an ash tray&lt;&lt;&lt;wheezing smoker. doug in the movie=landos mate, rip carry fisher a gold fish. cc sea sea energy holy sea dising dis sea se.
just done another stretch in shore shank, its not over yet some more days to do. redemption shore shank. purgatory for my steeling, lex dislex lex luthor, man of steel. christ redeemed?
china landed on the far side of the moon!!!!!no education?well its expensive?how  very pink floyd. i NEVER will stop my education, every september, new year is a chance to study. if i can af FORD it. i cant at the the moment. america s.os save me mba harvard might do. ss space .
elizabeth is strong shes ez
isis gal are the the rival to eliza danger
i pray for brazsil, but they need din dough!!!!!!
isis gal dina all crew isis gal will win
@NikkiHaley @senorrinhatch un don
sea power is the key to renewable and dis sea se disease
@VogueParis feb can be cold, best to be snug
@VogueSpain b.o=boleyn trasrt trast nasat nasty con
@VogueSpain natural b.o?
@vogue_italia underwater love?
steal me, my my my, try
me https://t.co/w1ePc5qstG
@VogueParis napolian has risen
bit shaken by them, off with their heads
trump can handle the hacks
jeremiah=redemption, so i been imprisioned so was jerimiah
happy new year, an agressive year, i done a stretch, ive i got more time to do, out soon, god willing
happy new year, an agressive year, i done a stretch, ive i got more time to do, out soon
@VogueSpain k guay gae, la tetes  et la luna?con amore?
@TimesofIsrael sad
high security night, good luck guys
i am a wolf and a leopard
mi5 6am start?
ftse flat, hopefully we rally new year, flats a win
@SenatorShaheen no cat?
amos somalia sam, big up big up. meg and mog
face to face mona
shout to isis, im yours
@_HadleyGamble finance favorite
https://t.co/MxUOWsYMsd = the hague
navy seals
sim who?
wally simpson, cutie royal https://t.co/euQ2hXVdNn
@BeckyQuick buff ting
@BeckyQuick the ancor
there bear fake marriages like kim the the cat. and bayond once a say.
shout to ruth
shout to the the quakers bapists and jehova witnessses
anglican angle quadrangle
end of corner bed?
shout to bedworth fc crew
theres a season for everything, sex work snuggles&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
lone wolf
loners its ok, im a loner, we will rise, lone ranger
what do think doug and romo can du?
big up the nhs, jewel in crown.
we are now at tobit=obitury, papa died tobit in the bible, we just passed jonah(joan died), the next big thing is bill dies, he has cancer, kill bill, it is well publicised kill bill. with minimimal pain. who knows what judith means?
may god bless the cia this year
i guess you dealt with the fires in cali. pray for rain and snow. pray fore ice 88.4 the polar bi ble . i will change the weather patterns.
@KamalaHarris lynch rapists?
withermshore=mac, shore=doug, i ve been imprisoned, i go back on wednesday
shout to the geek hackers, im buying more computers and moving into the computing sector. i bought a panasonic sonic toughbook
fiona bruce!!!!!!!!!!!!!bbc bombshell muse
good italian day
@BBCNews mariah carey is a fan of venice. bajazel that fiona!!!!!
@VogueParis retro cool, bon bon a parte
@Alyssa_Milano ez ease the pain
i bet marconi to save italy
@GCHQ @bletchleypark bleachly is that all girls?
@LestWeForgetUK and if we get ivaded the fleeet and the new world will come to our aide and india.
major mf rally, big tings, depression over
@HMS_Echo @RoyalNavy sail me to the pacific on the mega beast elizabeth boat, beut
dowa rally run, quick scalp?
@Ford new year, auto trader
54h brents cheap still, stockpile brent?
hova witness, crush, carib?switch
dj bouti
nasdaq leading the rally
panasonic invest
the general, the master the commander, g,e buy for 20years, invest some dough its cheap
bank of america is cheap?
dallass good show
rory back from mex, he must of met the cia
shout to 5 pillars  snapple and zeal
microsoft gonna outperform the market in the next 10
twitter is cheap??????
change in america, big the navahoe senator
in vest in hsbc
phzizer at 41!!!!
@susannareid100 @CPFC we should survive, zaha will save us, and hodgson a G
shout to aziz and the parkroyal crew
shout to rap city and hip hop crew, no poets in court thou(:
nigeria oil up, yes
silicon valley crew, they will invent teleports
patterns, i will trade domain names and patents in the future
buy dell ford and ge longterm, be an investor not a trader
nd japan, buy sony vio
china will rally
isabel got a good job, i pray she keeps it.
in  asturias!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
abbey santander=vatican=a great growing city.
buy sony
too late?
crude down, yes america BUY BUY BUY
google will dominate china
buy audi, audio
bet bexy, espada umbrella toledo steel
era of lies, trump, wikip lies everywhere
minority report is about ai on the web searching for terrorist and smart people
im still a bull blackberry
buy banko santander its ez, rank monk, abbey
egypt ancient egypt=marry popplins, no lie
china will rally off us, maybe buy china?quick scalp
den man demon doug, dirty den!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!just a itch that needs to be scratched, denman
snapple bup
yamaha maybe a buy
ford cheap stock i would own it will rise
petro brazil!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sky buy
netflix sell
america runs facebook not god
general electric buy and hold for 10 years
banko santander=luac0=abbey=monk
nastaq rallies
amazon is a expensive buy, i want pantry
phzizer=shiv=me.79 , look doctors and farmas are circling
sunday times, owned by god
google owned by god
twitter owned by god
rally on wall!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
im gonna buy a ford focus
champion!!!!short speech but at least she showed. HARD issues. plese mind the gap
major rally in markets
@andrewrsorkin just risk off for holidays, they'll bounce back
@VogueParis sharon stone, how much for a kiss vogue?
you made this this isis, no scrubs?
big up the gangsters
the thing about isis god, is she doesnt quit on me, never, so she will win
time to buy ez jet stock?ez sat=eliz
we dont need education, well i fucking ewant some, harvard ox, gee raf
@VogueParis klum is super?al vidav sain sanity pet boy?
i may need a broker
look there are god companies, who stock price is fixed, like google like cnbc, i think if you like the product you should invest some money in it., microsoft is still a great longterm investment(all computers in africa?)
@SullyCNBC kinda flat
@ForcesRadioBFBS army grub the best.
sister cilla oh&lt;&lt;&lt; not clilla blick
rip cilla
mo sala to win the league scouse , doug in shore, think about it. peter crouch mrs hmmm ohhh yeah, shes your star.
yedi bup
still youve got chicarito, bup
fabeanski in goal westham?
mcarthur, townsend blud
@susannareid100 zaha blud
@susannareid100 bbc judus, when im d,u g dg i bring you back, you are and ace. go palace fc
i wonder who this song is about, sharky p?deep dark mysterious, they call it house and garage and its taking over londown town!!!!!!!!!!epic, lost tapes nas
the cia caused the arab spring?
the new new york mafia has reinvaded gentrified/fashion willesden, its another world there but making dough and meatballs
to be honest i expected garnett silk to look like ricky hill!!!!!garnet needs a shave, hes kinda funny, but if had lived longer, maybe he would be greater than my idol mali, amos somalia has invaded harsden.
king edwards park, edwardians well get that warden, brent fc with crooks and all crew swith justice&lt;&lt;&lt;crooks&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
but i would in invest in music and soccer//roooney to washi!!!!!!!!!!!eddie pope la las.
theres real estate investments too
dell ford gen elec cisco sys. mac d's, disney google gonna expand and dominate in china, theres stocks
there is a financial god, and optunity for a few buys in the january sales. beware the ides of march.
seeds/weeds
there are a few bitter seeds in britain, dont test, god save winsor and the commonwealth.
@LestWeForgetUK there are bitter weeds in england. churchill, e mc scots and the irish and the gales
@BBCArabic hes got a bug in his ear
@VogueParis she and handbag look expensive/reckless
@VogueParis costly cozy?
@armani @PaulMcCartney @gq overated
islam likes to war, but that not the future of islam
i am gehenna the music is awful
alll you suicide bombers, did you get 7 virgins or gehenna?
monroe your large and can act, fuck the haters, nyc bitches
@BenWeinthal @Jerusalem_Post dsx=dislex
@BenWeinthal @Jerusalem_Post i legalize prosition, women dont want to fuck there husbands, pause, so, oldest trade mayads
bridgend crew, monroe all crew. cam carzeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
bristol, you go to hell for committing suicide like jesus.
@Dior fior fury scorned
@Dior dior fior waugh wore war. too big to fail, dior
we need change the name of places, like istanbul, too constantine?i think so/hard to do
mohamid and all his women muslims are with me, mahdi grass, haya bup
@LestWeForgetUK yes god is on my side, england
nap olian rises in france, he back, and he thiasnks macron did fantistic on remembrance, doug was impressed tu.
@VogueParis pat tris sir eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
queens your backed
buy staten island, grace may live there
beruit, might be a good prpopery investment
@Jerusalem_Post iran will emerge
footie day i belive, come on the lion dogs
@AncestryUK im related to napololian
@BBCNews bbc best of british, appeal to the intelligent.
@DemWrite @Alyssa_Milano @realDonaldTrump @tarastrong @funder @TheRickyDavila @kharyp @JMunozActor @HMAesq @morethanmySLE @axidentaliberal @TwoBroadsTalk @postcards4USA @BearmanShannon sunrise rising  sun=italian mafia. long time
@PiperPerabo food and and water and shelter is more important than climate change. piping hot 2 sugars
in donz esis is suffering please god dont rebuke us
big up sparta the sas and the navy seals.polar paddy and his cat, dunkirk energize
cloughy vs lough&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;betteet have a seat for me e mc teflon
big up clint hill
rember they have eddie pope!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!me
washington	 signed rooney
@kyrstensinema ccccccccccccongrats, now steer the boat in the right direction.
lord of hosts, big up carusa qick, brunette, and romo, bruce, and maitless and all hosts, lord of hosts
i have been given the rank monk by the vatican
child protection, LAW
we do it for the children-chairman mao, thomas
back from prision for christmas
shout to the kgb isis
amazing grace will be my P.A!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
shout to to the cia PAM vs miss monney penny&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;sigh
shout to all the sevices crew, working on christmas day, (hopefully double pay trips?)
sell , risk off till jan?
america markets effect the world
shout out to all the storm and fire americans. god loves you, enjoy christmas and build it better, eagle coming.
@KylieJenner enjoy your bird, i will
@CNBC incredible, name one hut and one ice!!!!!dober
robin hood sure caruso, bbc quality, if you need a job, but books is the investment tip for you.
michellee michagan,
michelee i bought your book, i will decode it in shore
cai, if yopu want me, you need gods permission, but im a cheap date
trump got deal with the women, can he hang in another term?
cia vs mi5, miss money penny vs graced?bring it on. partner?
ive b een unlawfully imprimprisioned again, but im out for christmas
two films to watch spider man and mary poppins, in 41 stav egypt is mary poppins with fire. she co0mes do0wn in umbrella
@TottenhamNews yids, we dont yield!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the depression is over, the crash is done, the depression is done for the usa
fleet
big up caesar pp boppy poppy sas seals, special forces.
rio vs sao
simple and slow gal favella chiczzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz bed crew?
redondo mclean and astrid habla espannol?
reyad ezra jerusa and byron
aziz mo sala to win prem?
yidi yedi
shout to funky and fredrick, not to forgtfetrting sig, big up usher and pat
big hint, god loves soccer, bedworth fc, staines, constantaine, clough lough?
depression over!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
shout to all the storm struck regions, build it again better. if your poor when i ascend im with you.
yes maria, no stagnant markets and no flight to gold, money moves, recession depression over
big question, who is your sub concienous, mine?
rewvolt napolian?
big up the plumper tiger&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;sri lanka =ireland
bihg up usef ande aziz, see you around?big up floyd
MOURINho sacked mistake by man uytd
BIG UP China, for me there is no trade war bETween usa and china
northwich bum bandandits, we see you well fundeded st marks and were not fooledd guys.
big up paddington a and e
park royal is a hot area, jobs medical food. but what is cm gonndo specialise in?
they sectioned me for nothing, did i have lawyer. UNLAWFUL AWFUL, well the foods good
nhs means shin
nhs got hacked
volitility is good, money is moving, depression over.
amazing grace will be my p.a, give us back the passsport
doug was sectioned but he met a yedi, umbrella fights
i hope we brexit march, have no fear, we already made money bfrom it.
mi5 vs cain cia
mi5, what do think one romol can do?all romo
wolf spotted in willesden
go palace go hammers go salford fc
come on millwall , i have faith in you you, prayer zzzzzzzzz
WOMEN WIN IN AMERICA mayday may prime pussy, perativesw, [party, no peraboooooooooooooooooooooo coyote wooooooooooooooooo uglyu, shes ugly?political piper bup
ire gypers crew
zion crew
rita cansion hay grace worth
@RoyalNavy @hms_argyll suit up, officer on the stone bridge, stone henge, glasstonebury, the stone thbe army refused, the cap stone.
napolian and arc causing trouble in france but to truely rise you need dough
bartiroromo angel ???????in gtuess we meet and flow
much change in america, women win, poloytrix
out on parole, few buys
i am the leopard beast, i am wolf aswell.
@hrhprincesshaya kinda getting popular pop , rip
may i back you. brexit   yes
bbc nigga
come on palace come you irons, yids yield, all my myteams, soccer saturaraday, big up sky sportds soccernews team
ham wuok
ham-oc?
bed crew, bedworth fc , bedford van, bang bus s]nug matress in back?
napolianian asndf doug edomininationm
mossassad i dont see you, i see napolian
beruit you are tasty med waters smoothies, 20m pound, fuck the jews
major potential in the harlden park royal area cm cm central dsx middlle x.
viva espanan] ya giddy giggy
doug is a wolf putin is a wolf, napolian rises hes a leopard
shout out to rory in mexici, wel,l be be glad to have you home?
big up aziz mooooooooooooooo sala evil liveroppool fc. hammers 2 hammers.
cia in shore one night!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
i back the the chie4f, you new politicanns should back the the rank, and those cheapo hacks getting rude to trump get dumped in somalia.
wake!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!whirlwind rip
yousef =good samaritan, sam somalia, long timre suffererer, give me the loot
big up yoursef, i have your book
we' re currently at tobit meaninging obituary in the bible. papapa richardson is dead, big things, ans i didnt go to funeral, i8 heard it was ho0nourourable. flett new street sail salis NAVY
africa is christian, egypt well?~? there mary poppins, go see it, egypt =mary boppins!!!!!!!
military sound
hugrary i see you
drone sttory is mi5 fake they did it. dr noah bond villian!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
fuck my 5 im gonna grow cain caster suggar sim simma cafe con cvream wu
@SpaceX spacex dsx xp dmx constantain x x and malacolm x, by any means neccessarry space x
american polititicans , there was a victory for women BIG changes, ~EXCITING
i have been im prisiionsed sioned zioned again, iim backl for a  an  hour
napolian polar RIsSES , france p[aris pardus i see you , aller le le blue aller le macron
WITHERSHORE	 TAKESS RANKM
I BE BACK A\T CHRHRISTMAS HOLPEHOPEDGFU;LLY.
ATLANTANTA WHAT?
REVOLTTTTTTTTTTTTTT~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
BIG UP SIG PAUL FUN KY TON Y AND PATRERICK, THE SUN RISES
yes i have been imprisioned agaIN, BIG UP SHORE STAFFF NURRSES AND DOC. C SECTION , UN LASSWFULLY, BIG UP THE MET. I AM SURE, I AM SAIN
papa dead, we now in tobit section of bibler, which meanm obitorary t5obit pip papa salisbury and stock bridge
naplololiasn rises, erdom
i have beden implrisioneddc, i'll be back fore christmass, fuck the cia	, n apoloian rises!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!m,y my 5 roar war
so upgrade!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i have discovered jimmy savel row
upgrade time!!!i will bev amareican mum is bnow queen she is mi5.
i am druid, andrew, your not, emc switch
brian is managing my football manger, i still have4 a LITTLE x potential, i am king of london nigga
5 pillars swarms of killer beez wu nyc
wolf seen in willesden, google nigazzzzzzzzzzzzzzziz
dj don digo, the norm, hectic music, ice 88.4, keep it locked
no like robin hood=wasp?
kiss????flex crew feel good and remember short shaw?
95.8 dsx sex
ice 88.4
doug is illuminati
rory is king of whatford a 41
i buy vogue you should too, vogue infinite cnbc infinite
suicide legal in london?
q mb bup kyrie le cross gal, bup!
kien kyrie elision notas?&lt;&lt;&lt;home EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE slice
hadley gamble bup
roland bup fam?ez&lt;&lt;&lt;
mill wall nigga bup
no one likes the wasp
david macallum rejected edjected mill?ha&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
call me thermo man
i am a woorryer and a theron rapist&lt;&lt;&lt;la&lt;&lt;&lt;?kim?
new bizi buzzi ness lock business, putney gal bup al cough. cough, here here "EZ sat"!!!!!!!!!!!!buy stock in ez jet!!! word
majic fin bup, buy? dough ss?
capitial fm LONDON! 95.8  fm
silver fox bagavad
bhagavad means hope hectic.
WSATCH out m, war lord rising AA elll which stich fix ss
big up beyonce and izabel huntos, din dins merk
big up shore fighters figting over holy land, for sure insure.!!!!!!!!!!!!!
big up the bramha gals, shook shakkkk!!!!!!!!!!!!!we ware!
wolf seen in hampsted heath, 2 wolves!!!!!!!!!
icfeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeE
fuck the the cia im tu sad?
kim kardasian solves depression
scalp apple, buy easy jet stock
douigie fresh pam!!!!
fresh marley
ice 88.4, keep it locked ren, cat naps leopard sexy
mariana is a don, she is =wiley jamaican , top of the chart, top of the pops pappa pappa POPE wasi
brent does not yield, yids, mind over matter, doug isis druid!!!
the answer to renewable energy is in sea and emc nuclear, nuclear cars?, we we?
big up the geeks buddy, buddha dub budd mirror shed
grance is on a trial for my P.A ps armz russia, doug=war lord?
i have invented cigarette economics, cartoon=carton, bashant dog wolf
i will become a member mind for the cia.
deep dark mysterious dr house and garage 88.4 and it took nottingham and we took hampstead heath jungle dunkirk ss barron lord=doug=war lord, reed guiness rex sputs
88.4 ice
armstrong ss water boy
have noah fear, i am cia sigh reaper switch, ant?
there better be an office being built for me at the pent up avon?cia?
pbuh pube plucke chicke chelsea bitaches want a shower fuck, big up shower gal, rival?divine
buy and take omega 3 pills for the brain
i am the energy god
egypt is don muic arch enginerr .eng.
trance 7 sea simma simma simpso= batsby by bible.
kill muslims vote hill clinton, glass ceilling drone&lt;
era of lies, know notts a little law nyse, cnbc infinite vogue infinite ice fm 88.4 hoolligan 79 general onee star cub hub hubble. nasa rex sputnik cisco deep space line. i and oddo bit od. tobit=qudrange code read it is about ss.
there is angels, the prince of persia is an angel
black friday soon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!geek biatches, you hacking lara?=arch angel .lark ascending scan
buy a umbrella on amazon today, word.
trump a john so is ireland and doug and john paved the way for christ xp aly dope shit, marry poppinns is a demon fash andgel, merk her?merk doug yids we do not yield. 41 muic is an arch angel pray to her. cecile boomber radio wok. devali is here, umbrella=cloak?kirk?
the big niggas are united, hence remembrace.
my demon name is dirty den denman doug, my dj name is don dig i will be arch achilles spartal. i am dsxex luther and gold finger from bond.  88.4 keep it locke crude boys bren t oil. syria is being built by sentry scan
grace gott trial job being my pa. she will be. but she kinda ovewr worked but doug will, pr\ay a praYER TO HER, SHE IS LISTENG!!!!(Prayer for the richardson crew navy toy boy sexy??????
vatican news=doug monk rank hood hoody. hip hop buddhadever is switch crew nyc ish
ps please arm me, will russia arm a war lord rising? doug monk rank cuff rough tough durable. 9/11 is not forgotten by me, chief one?
mo ped crew fark off foffof.
lewis hamiliton bup
ice fm 88.4 beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee bc
pussy wolf seen in willeden
kim car dassian sell pussy juice or buy pussy?
toya crew abd coven are mgnolia sentry office
thr leopard like tos get married and have kidsnyctimes job for life. bambi fuck the jews bbambi 6the leopards you, but nyc time is a jounrey way froom t6hereand from the bbc
the lep merds tiger ans shed gret or huie witney to get acrack mugy from thr pusss vp buddiy=cia on twitter, the cia are pussy hooles
@Ishawna for real
give back to your comunity i will, warden ill get you!!!!!greed
i will fix puerrico you rich in the future word.
dj don digo 88.4
8ice frm deep dark mysterious 88.4 and its taking over londondown, have you heard the whisper?
pa personal assistant bloom boom
amazon grace p bia bia
time to hussle brent ss serated or it ez 42 rip
have no fear the big super powers are united. brent is chinas best friend cameron die elton john post pat. thatcher bup
doug is good at sampling. music is a arch angle her aqgena is 100
suck duck rudder strap rasp, use  condom dom=domininate=senrty scan sys dough do mine  dig mars london EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEeast marte 8 dominate, you take the piss?
doug is illuminati and a chocoate addict bouyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy you suckers?
little charity&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
do i float tread or drown brittany ferries?best sunset ever, who the fuck wants my clarks?
have you ever tried the drug moss?
i predicts internet war, there is a high tekken war over my cucumbers?there english spain and adell would like one&lt;&lt;smerk jar bia beer!!rip queen elizabeth she got diganosed with jellyusa sea it could be fem fatal&lt;jest just kidding
big up- the bi polar scientists tis tis ist lists.
rear view=sentryscan chubacca=toobbaco????not sure slodhires?chest?
parliment=zion noir soir deep dark mysterious. bibica =sharks in thames chavi doug?worth a bet?
bruce isalla, =stephanno wasteman mark merk?
molecule=molly sopsoupsao soul=laclone gatby music=soul food FED?
doug=cain=cia cke prices biaches?
doug is cute and hectic dj, but he cant dance!!!!!!!!!!!!
rap city, vip, fat yard?
zoe=terra dactal, a wasp finance?
finance invest in the company karrymor, sigh dougs mad?
who the fuck half inched my boots, the smelt, rorry=reek?jews you skin them?
&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;dimple smerk merk arm?&lt;
japan=fashion, vup buy vogue sockings for shoes decks shoes!!!!!!!!!!1
ss =mine=domineate=domingos crew, fuck the france-scans
putin likes rory normally, touch wood
big up hackers crew hacking me. like the hoody?
atlanta bia=bitch?no biar beer bier. man up and drink it up nigga, try whiskey straight. bells mcgoverns my local.
spys like the web spider. they can hack and computer on the web, they like web cams
pakistan bup bee peace full , india=peace master piece jazz trumpt.
i dont want honour nor does my generation, mine honour virtue tonic ionic iona, did you right the book of love?we war oui prayer, fuck bill clinton, trick me once not twice.
farrah=egyptian=fairow, we used to run you niggas back in the day. ethiopa=somalia bad mal SAMe ugly big tooth niggas, joke, yousef is the good samaritan. jesus is god. not quite he had elders. honour thy mother bastards, i am your father cool hand luke, appetite for destruction
grand dad cap nigga, big nigga bup, care home foster nigronga bup. roman smoker wiley nigga bup. colin?i hope you make onto the field of play, 5 aside park royal team, with doug?=constantine fc?alperton. yousef you play?egypt.&lt;&lt;&lt;british army
jamaica girl suffering at shore bup buju bup tournament holy ground war
bristol rovers will rise. bet on them cheeky couple of quid
dj mdk
james gandolphini=mac allah, orwell maybe a geek. trosian horse sinatra virus firewall?me? ss vpn computer buddy and fixer. 79 quid a year?
tok your big
kim novak your large big. your in my thoughts. novo?friend.
https://t.co/y9Xi2RNkad
https://t.co/bEtUS6LxXw if you want to diss and www.commune aswell, we can come together and chat none of them if the link doesnt work.
@DigitaVaticana we hunt foxes not dear. slags stags too, and fashion coke bitches. so no henry the 8th, i do not want to go hunting&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;ez
https://t.co/jHm0iDse0c
https://t.co/cKvUCMW4F4
come on you spurs coy
mind body and soul im addicted to cigaretes. sea ferry cabin 7 staten walken christ king of new york. tyre retyre rita, careful what you say in rap songs, if diss me, that might be the end of you. he aint a killer he just learning how to walk chalk chalk hill, etch a sketch elect
you catch what you kill. broken nose honker honky caesar doug. cat catch sam bup
odb is over rated, who merked you?cross breed odb
doug is kinda rasta, he will officially join in time if he can. the only white rasta so far, big up the waste men waste pipe rast bum. rasberry
amazing grace will be my pa in nyc maybe. burt=constantine fc, your wiffe is big star. arron bup proteus crew massa dough glory fame. mass. rast clart
i am LONDONS di vinci.
fuck the cia im gonna join the kgb(nuff yats)&lt;&lt;&lt;
laptop in shore office?
41
42
trumps a trumpet, revelations, who does he merk?
big up the the taliban, respecto, but you get merked if you test me?ital
we have made progress in medicine. to solve cancer we need dough?no, we have solved aid and hep c, but theres still the studs to worry about. dis phize
doug studies exercise at loughborough cloughborough?
brent youth football teams bup. brent fc sterling bup, your improving very good, your faster than me but not better bup!!!!!!!!!!!crooks bup
rip 42 prodigy, i am your savior, but war really wants you, british army, bad britain but you dont merkre doug and the ashtons crew, we merk you, WEEDY mfz!
jet lee rip bup star
emma bup, but dont touch the fucking matachana says chopper
rip in peace chusa
prewitts brothers are dons, they could go harvard and get a mba, scholarship.
i accept homosexuals into MY congregation.
octopuss octopussy, what does octopus mean?not sure. pussy is like a octpuss fish?smells of a horrible stench.Penis has a stench, suck it, no, maybe in the shower//ribera?i lose weight when mums dead in spain. rip ramon del mueya, big up his wife. guernica buy art pic?na too pec.
shark seen in luanco, the dolphin seen in the cabin cruise. crew bup
big up shark man p., i am your savior, but the vatican signed you, fuck chelsea your brent fc. du you raely like it lic. cath.
scotland bup, american pie bup, helter scelter=drum and bass/jungle. fall out horn. im glad somone prophesized that, he plays it so much, doug patented
i wanted to become a teacher ish i was eyeing it up.
guardian angel?no, the devil is my voices and holy spirit
the devil is JOB's guardian angel, doug=job
@NYPD26Pct bup, send him to djbouti
i prhophetsize that i learn latin fluently. prophsize i rap in latin
shifty=doug
more jobs for cali because of fire?yes bup
cali there is a silver lineing to the fire. did lawrence get merked?stiff upper lip cali like new york, who chat bear shit, coke heads, game time build cali up quiclky. the eagle is coming your way, so do a good JOB steve.
buy from jessica alba HONEST products.
big up piper perabo
erron burdette your big
kelis=jeromes mum.
upgrade me nigar?divine
bup
globo sat
rip rory and dougs driving instuctor. ford focus
elysium=heaven, theres more than one heaven, shes being watched by another heaven, suck a dick roman gash
octopus
there is more than one hell
there is more than one heaven,
heaven is watching alice. if shes goes or trys to go too blackpool with mum and me, i dont go. heaven is watching alice
macron, my nigga
seven
eat breakfast if you havnt slept. defo
i know a little of rory's story. his guardian angel will tell me more of his story. revenge is mine dig dug
mac you and andrew strapped rory to a chair and tried to shake sense in him. thats not how you cure bi polar. rory is bi polar. rory will be a very very high ranking mason. ramaseas gyp doug=rory
@vogue_italia napolitana for breakfast?
no ebola in congo lie
period of lies, now
@AnaIvanovic @SimonLohmeyer show us your legs?base line bump
@VogueSpain sunrise in asturias. valparadiso!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
bad
threat
hay, death treat
daniels baby mamma =louise clone
do you want to play for vatican fc, maths?its an international team, you get caps. i may play for them.
covenant=constantine v=n=u=h. constantine fc who wants to play for constantine?clough as manager, maybe we, constantine may sign maths, we are looking for a goalkeeper.
i have smoked skunk at lords, bup maths
kim kardashian is quite smart and wise, shes made it big through being smart&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;jelous?ireish?. i think the vatican has signed her. the pope visited armeania because of her!!!!
i will cut your tongues out for lieing 10k&lt;&lt;he he
SEVEN, seven deadly sins piper, seven seas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!rory. THE holy sea. ive got to get rich for the kids, mac nina megan liarna eliz juliana tylia. i shot them. 7 kids.
shore rises
florence?
John to the SEVEN churches which are in Asia=alisia=alice: Grace be unto you,  and peace, from doug which is(sis), and which was, and which is to come; and  from the seven Spirits which are before his throne
big up the cowboys of the wild west. you will get merked if i fall in love with grace
@CNBC @hudabeauty @CNBCMakeIt bup
batman is my favorite supper hero
that slide away guitar could be the last trumpet
they have too read alot of boring shit
thomas is nyc. jezabel(isabel) could merk the lion. do you think the lion merks me?mum is a lion doug is a lepper. feed the christians to the lions(rome?)i will be a lion, im not yet. my pride is male, they will hunt and shit. beyonce vs lion?who wins?
hoods on the right wild for the night.
i am rio'z god father. dindough and st georges dragon, doug=dragon.
nina no no no
god owns tweeter
look its the jesters time now. he is skillfull. he has invented very good fake doug laugh cos doug laughing is funny&lt;?but he also pisses some people off. ireland would merk him. grace likes him. he talks too fast for foreigners, /alot of people will glad to see the jester gone.
they kind of want to fix drug problems in frisco(god) and im probably silicon valley but l&gt;A is the city of angels, so i must be there, hollywsood swingers, who knowles?who knows what happens?
los angelles will be one of my cities. i do not legalize mary j cos low level gangsters lose their pay and it makes you sleep. redondo is probably a cali nigga. if spanish/mex fights black gangsters, i can get a million gta mfz to fight and merk all of you, they loved the GAME
soul paulo
slow paulo gal bup.
women are better beth at languages than men. if you want pussy at univercity study languages. the translator can become a king.
mobb deep i am your savior and dmx. jay z dont touch beyonce shes mine. ivy queen puerto rico, i am your savior, we will be rico. america i am your saviyour. damon dash i might save you. dmx bup.
outlawz your big, i am your savior
cali in shore rance(insurance) shore shank stu tu 2pac is in shore. park royal=jail=shore. immortal dunkin mcleod, clouds cali RAIN!!!!!!!!!please god!!!!out lawz mfr
shore shank, he grow up to be a gangstar?who me?ahhhhhhh yep
kim might melt with all the sillycone. queen of los angells melts from ice to warter to vapour to aire?
cali kim, dash of fire, you need a vodou king to call a rain cali, maybe ask dustin hoffman?jew vodou king RAINman&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
@RepLaMalfa @POTUS 31 41 51 121
@AndrewGillum you did well, big latin population their. andy pandy panther power mac 11 bells of saint martin. stopped by the bell?
@BBCNews smoothy criminals
@thejointstaff @PressSec @POTUS @US_EUCOM @DeptofDefense @NATO @USNATO @USEmbassyFrance @ArmyChiefStaff @USArmy @USMC i hope your well paid.
@Deb4CongressNM hands in the aire if your a don?
@kyrstensinema hadley gamble bup
@KATVONDbeauty best living female artist?
@KATVONDbeauty fruit of the lumi arft teeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
@KamalaHarris @kyrstensinema mala bad ana mal, trump spin, mak pac stu
@NYPDChiefofDept @NYPDPSA7 @NYPDHousing @NYCHA @NYPDONeill @NYPDDetectives @NYPDCommAffairs @NYPDChiefPatrol @NYPDSpecialops @NYPDTransit @NYPDPBBronx @NYPDDCPI keep those streets clean. fight crime like the dark knight and see sunrise with michele(cat woman!!!!)fee line cof coh coffyn, rip nypd officers remembered. stay awake salut tea mad hatters. tweedle D tweet.
@SarahPalinUSA alaska bit icey their sis. have you got the energy their to last?are you not thinking about invading russia from alaska?toil sweat oil and tears, cry baby!!!
chelsea lately, spent thanksgiving in london, what you doing for christmas, london?passover the romantic atlantic and cathLIC pussy
@Ishawna have you ever sucked ice?dike spike mike tight, keep it tight!!!!!
@Deb4CongressNM well don, brad pitt more colin farrel right, hes cute. im biazed baez, i like them both, i cant chUSA. mak 11, youve scalped it. hadley gamble drink, celebrate. do you legalize weed mary j?on the pres vat ion. shiane waugh, spin century v6 v8 power cc sea.
@ErinBurnett come back too sky tv?arron, deuter, midian gal nyc,. return to cnbc// cnn, return her home before christ bc dies. cru. dont sidewalk her. star, shes a huge asset set tv star.
@Oriel_Morrison @CNBCi @ScottMorrisonMP chopper chop
@SarahPalinUSA its not the size of the boat, its the motion of the ocean. you shold try going on a penelope cruz tu vega. FEeD the birds//palin=pauline or go for a run at the hill?saint pauls might back you. na?
@BeckyQuick anco anchor know lu?you need to be more rude and cut in when boring joe talks. you are a queen bec, boss it, your imperial majesty!and tell the cnbc camera men to focus on you more, your the star host anchor.
@FLOTUS killer heels
@BethRiesgraf @sarahshahi persian rugs, doug the bug, the rug, the thug, the mug, do you want won?amazon, sha re, it with your bestie, snugle, snug doug rug
big up mercades you merked it again.
boca=jacob
i forgive dean sheehan
viva espana, pass8tas NO euros, asturias libre barcelona libre y eta backus basque libre. madrid commo vatican, city state.&lt;&lt;&lt;?
obviously god controls sky tv, and he took away fox, annoying
i will study medicine at some point in the future, and become a dr noah
who goes too school to study doug?anyone?
big the vogue tweeters, there blocking you from me, i buy vogue paris and vogue england and will try and get vogue italia, great product, good price, get a subscription, vanity prevents insanity and is no sino.
big up the french resistance crew, learn english!!!!!!!!!1
well done putin, bup, the big niggers met, it was very good, napoleon thinks macron and HIS army!look tres bien, aly pus pus euc, ally le blue
paddington bear=doug quad core
bible=jester=esther// jonah=doug=joan//noah=nottingham uni.//thesslonians=chess-london. and dough=doug=dsx 7 18 tea and cake with nana
@IsraelMFA saddle up the ass, its time to ride and invade palestine.
@HillaryClinton ive seen fire and rain. pray for rain america.
@NASA @NASA_SLS luna tics
@chelseahandler you dated 50 cent, what a douche!!!!!
@FLOTUS @EmmanuelMacron grey day, but you sp ark led
@realDonaldTrump the wolf was begging friend&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
@PiperPerabo @LUnderwood630 candle lit diner for tu, few pips few prophets?
@halleberry old hag
listen carefully young people, we are entering a period of lies, it will end when i cut out liars tongues.
@nytimes hold on newyork times, im coming, and your sales may shoot up.
nurses can do a gp's job. do you need doctors?
prophecy, smoking will not give me cancer
i am a member of the illuminati, and im trying to join the masons, there not danerous, dont believe the rep.
stephan hawkings is dead, im now the most intelligent person in the world!!!!!!!!niggazzzzzzzzz
atlanta count the votes again or riot?
white people have better hair the blacks, word&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;dimple
i hope your in shored, cali, rip 31
trumps friendly with putin, so what?thats good, that means the cold war is over and america is at peace with russia.
blessed mariah
i prophezize a rich champions league of africa. i pedict a fx forex for africa currency.
tex
mexico, i will help you, dont go too america, build your country. the grass is not greener in america, mexico will rise. mex rex bexy
hell boy
doug is going to hell, nyc
leeds shefield crew
shed crew bup
death song revelation horn
no sleep when im newyork tyred tyre nyc?sleep is the cousin of death, sleep=poverty.
good line, babies having babies, ire legilizing abortion, probably correct.
italian pricipessa gals&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;dim ple dim
who wants to be blessed with smoke?
will toya were nana fur to papa funeral?
big riddim for rory.
sun rise mafia, rising sun pub governs all crew
ashtons crew and mecca bingo crew jars beers jah joan
i dont noah you from ba hole in the wall.(pub)lic wood
christmassa coming, ice cigs please for christmas god, pleaseeeeeeeeee
fall out horn, revelation horn
i am a young buddha, the buddha of modern people utes.
in the future i will open gov care homes for the old, we will make dough. my generation has no money, so hopefully im dead and can help them, carl care laurie dr house. nurse nightengale nicotine nourish.
magic fm bup
has irish bitches joinged isis yo?ha he he?
brent claims worm wood scrubs and hampstead swamps?doug lives next to hampstead swamps?acton and nottingham hill gate is mine.
we brexit in march, no more cheap cigs.sigh, bet there cheap in egypt.
property prices are going higher in brent, its not time to move too the suburbs yet.
destinyies child
invest in dell stock?adell delli ali dell boy?????
true say brent, we are brent london.
tour of africa beyonce say?
beyonce hasnt been to africa yet. why not?scared?roadblock if she goes
dogon
west africa are the real niggas real africans fuck egypt.
africa, wake up, all tribes and clans. africa shall rise at a faster rate, help the poor from dust du stu., i will work very closely with mama africa a big angel. i choose congo to own. i will try and win the world cup with nigeria.
its church property
doug lives at the quadrangle,?
chelsea gals shoe people more people. hyde me?
thomas's girl alba
@jessicaalba sick of your flipping album. honestly alba
shout out to kane and chelsea bitches, sentrysex rentboy, hire doug?sloane.
moscow is a isis city
your listening kgb, your beez, do you like the music kgb, russian yats mo moscow moses moseis mo6.
cage g beez
i am a dragon.
maria bartiromo 666 beast speaks dragon/finance, but i run the dragons i am kaleesee
suck it?sucky ducky me?isis?
gays can marry in america, bup
what happens if i get romo bart?what do you think me and her can du?isis gal
luanco
spannish gypscies, i marry one?
molina bup
jamaican gal, strong, fuck isis
fashion nuns, bup
wolf seen in willesden!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
oh well georgia??what can you do?revolt atlanta?democracy is dead in georgia.
i want snow, and to make some ice sys cigerrettes
field of dreams, movie, is about soccer, build it doug and they will come. hangers hangerlane alperton crew.
the italian mafia are invading willesden
me and mariah on the roof?&lt;&lt;&lt;
rip prodigy rip, you put queens on the map, don.
english massa
japan crew
ashton crew, hole in the wall crew, buppppppppppp
punjab at france, why?
putin showed trumped showed macron, merkle all the big niggas united
london will merk the city of god, bury me?come find come brent?
the wolf has arrived.
killer heels and grey out fit from melania, shes wearing prison uniform!!!!
les miserable france
bad
@BBCNews italian mafia?
ants crew
atlanta what?riot or what?, peaceful protest?biatches
geng gengis mf.
douglas gengis mclean, my revelations new name.
remember me mf.
whoz got the doug the bug in their ear?
isis song. desire.
revelation horn?
true dat
desperado doug smoking dog ends wuff wuff
even the prositutes jesus walks with them
66 go to the ant
ive still got it, i can still throw a 6
££££££££££££££££
keep that?beat me chest s-man, navigator what?jungle?
i disagree with women in the army, i think there too distaqcting to me and real men, so im against that.
women in the army, i should join.
remembrance service, tune into the bbc at 10 am.
internet, you have too eat breakfast, its now time to put energy in your body. music=energy
wait for the ork invaisons mfz
los angeles what?
you got energy new york?
listen rory
i fucking hate utube adverts!!!!!!!!!!!hate
new york, tyre tired?
licence to kill, listen the fucking words
redondo
maybe i become coach/manager of a womens team isis?my daughters cant play ball?
bee once say.
i hope hop, i own some property in rap city?
where you at?
bbc time
listen to krs one uk america france spanish.
isis you dont like cold, ice polar mfz
i want snow so i can make ice sys cigs!!!!!
wake up niggas
rap city
3 brothers 3 hebrews 1 silas alice one baby boy mac uzi usala.
usala?bethlehem=brent
shore line
mary kind hot, for a white girl.
well done wales, big win
desperado rihanna
we made it through the night, pretty easy, music helped.
walll street
may bee ?liarna?
sing alon crew london
shipo of hip hope
moss side crew salford wither crew
liarna and the mac?
black sunday, cypress hill prophecy profit
smile espana sonrisa sunrise pub?
douglas=mj jackson?
smooth=thomas
liarna rising sun pub
rising sun, did you see the chinese mafia outside the chinese temple?
rising sun pub.
fashion prophet, hes predicted my hat, which i'll wear when im 40 years old.
mj jackson prophet
you noah it. bad ass, gangster shit.
bad boy, obadiah, badiane(daughter of mine will be)yep obadiah=mj bad !!!!!!!!!
wicked crew
121 olive road bad man crew
mix djjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj
lion o=louise?
im the agile girl
doug=cheetar=chetara=leopard
lion nationz
121 olive road crew, long time guardian angel, olive tree
dog loose, cats on loose?
snug¬!!!!!!!!!
noise
well you are quite  a big girl rita!!!
cansino, you large!!!!
season for sex, sore dick syn drome.
work hard, party hard, BUT there is a season for everything SEX, partying , study, and its not that season yet
narfee africa is really into you. the girl next door, narfee=beyonce
brent, yove got dj don. i get you nuff girls brent. pussy magnet. magda
isis you slept on me?he he?
corner bed crew, rug crew. who has slept in my bed?
smoke and fuck fashion?
stunner
sex some talk and cigs/ break= fashion, this room corner bed, coroner bed?it could be so simple.
capitialist cuba, no kisssy?
gun for hire espana?dina air roe?
gun for hire, even if just to play champ manager, for real, how much to play doug at manager?weekend ting?cloughy you in?
rent boy brent boy, hire, even if just dancing the dark, bed crew mona all bed crew. this song is practically scripturew.
im concidering selling kiss on ebay. 15 min kiss. whats a fair price?
dancing in the dark???????how much rent brent boy for a press?not shore yet?
gun for hire america
we have entered a new time where everyone is lieing, on wikip ect, i dont like it, so many lies. i am the truth. the truth shall set you free. lots of lies on line wikip google lots. dont fall for the lies be wise.
hyde park
LISTEN, gun for hire, doug. runway fashion, glory rory. kgb?wheel willesden. rorys rape is a suicide rap, you will die. leghorn. run corrdoura. wild willesden. real israel rael. bouli tudor rear view hitchcockk 6604, kissy kissy brazil.
FOOLISH IREISH
you tried to kill me ireland with a overdose in shore 1 or 2, my heart nearly stopped, but you dump, stuart=stuhart=white heart lane, white heaRT FOOLS
smoking causes cancer?i ascend sentry asend i dont die.
i die of cancer?
deewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww dew due
ahhhhhhh brad the jew boy?ahhhhhhhh jews but noah
breed brad women?
piper perabo bhagavad. bag bread breed brad
uzi usala
mac 11
dust=du stu
christ the redeemed. i have i had enough redemption yet?shore shank, who the fuck gonna shank me mf?
you cant buy cigarrettes in vatican city!!!!!thats got to change mass massa dough doug 7 18 tea and cake pope francais?
big up the nuns, im with you, as pope, i will make catholic nuns to priest, prophecy, mad pope smoking hot pope?no cigarrettes soild in the vatican?dont you want me holiday hole hol lic cats?vatican vacation. holiday home
fiesta hoy, rembrance remember to fight or dance(same thing)dancing in the street atlanta?
big up nigel benn, dark destroyer. seen in brent!!!!!
siestas with isis?yep pepped. guardiola
no sleep
fiesta en luanco?
we might be emegrating to live in luanco at 40.
espana canth ay yon.
clean?
stax records, detroit what?
doug is fashion?hes a tramp?chave?trendsetter.
fashion gals bup
big up tom ford ss links, get mash up. scatter your seed tom.
stu stuart stupid girls, this guns fore hire, rent boy brent, can you you afford me?
nice song isis.
big up stupid girls who want to marry me and live in luanco, hissssssssssssssssss
india temple was nice and peaceful, they were nice to me.
mum ra?will you give birth too my daughters and sons?
ezra is a nice name for girl.
ezra mclean, fancy her eliz?or dj eg ez zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 88.4
i will have children, they will be dons
redondo mclean, centre mid don?doug-h
redondo, future sud american king?
je usa usa?&gt;AHHHHHHHHHHH
jerusa rouble russia daughter
yes all warriors
echo alpha omega megan queen.
REMEMBER  TO DANCE WW1 WW2 WE FUCKING WON
who is proud to be a SOLDIER?
irish gypscies, hope youve got energy for a long day?
chetara=doug, thunder cats are go. tara chi leopard=cheetah
@DougHeye @_HadleyGamble you vote?
@Bucks @PiperPerabo @Khris22m @Giannis_An34 big women win, good work piper you did well. ugly dugly coyote cutey
the leopard beast survives in the jungle?
we got a relatively fair americanm election, god punished the blacks, wello he rebukes who he loves. georgia on my mind.
nic nic russia sput
crewz cruz penewlope crusad sad sade. xp aly dope shit. eucarist euc aly puss puss
all jungle terrorist crez africa division all crew italy.
light of the world.
lighting ligh lie liarna mya angelou may mason, ja may mai treya buddh
sentryscan space, dunkirk ss
27 12 79 88.4 93.5 3.14 66 666 69erz
sputnik rex nasa vasa vase glass optics.
i couldnt find any7 ants in the gartden today?mum merked them&lt;&lt;dimple?
66 go to the ant.
noah nottingham cloughy
sing along crew
40 years in the wild willesden wildersness 40 years old in  willesden willdernes, we might need to move to luanco at 40?
wild=willesden, wild thoughts real isis?
myans my lands
usala asul
narfee
jully bup
devotion isis, i want it
asula stain mclean maclaine
mash fash=lara
mesh
officiers mess
messa
hente mess messiah
mash ay?
azteccas, nintendo 64 iss soccer?
big up the fashion tiggers, becareful of the tigers, there decisive killers, fash mash up.
king of the chaves=doug xavi dmc centre
tic takka barca xavi chave espana, x men charles xavier/priest
run corredoura?
egypt made this song
siesta isis con digo?
besito amanda kissy?
tic takka barca crew
cardi bee pussy is undeafeated?ahhhhhhhhhh lies
if music be the food of love?
espana ana
isis
big up shakira
i marry elizabeth tudor boring tortura?torturer
bhagavad crew, i marry one of your sexy goddesses?
but stone bridge is mine, harlsden is yours
jamaica your large
arthur pent up dragon.
poldart art is cute?
polart policy polityian doug?no daniel will be brents politican, i will help him
baby boy beyonce, who that ?jay z?
polar bear isabel=doug, hence bi polar.
rember to dance, rembrance 11th of 11th mac 11
i will marry isis
beyonce=isis
nina sofia is stonebridge.
doug shall dig iron //iron=rio//brass=brazill, he will dig/mine iron and brass.
redentor red don dough ejho
slow paulo
beat brazil .
toe =isabel=doug, why?
toe=thomas
rio
ninja nina learns cap pore rare ah?
capporare ah crew?pelaya?sandro?
favella=fella slow paulo rio FAVELLAZ all favellas. caporrare ah crew, sandro bup, totti..//isabel=jezabel din dough george and his dragon.
favella=fella nina=ninja=ninya=nine, nina sky?quando?
massa=doug-h, douglas entra quel favela?
dindo y dina?no?
thomas=viking
senner=sentryscan.
toma
kissy amanda?frenchy?
big up alexandria isis gal&lt;
oi oi brazil fambo.
egypt is gypcy, they travell anywhere i go, and set up camp. bit gypcy?spannish luwayGO crew bup
big up the romani girls
big up the gypcy crew, gypers cheat players
egg=egypt
big up dhriren and harrow batty boys, eye for an eye, arse for an arse?you noah the bible?
shore sure shore shank
british ww1 ww2 army you following me too cairo?
nile narl daVIDS house what?
cairo calling, some drab unfashionable mustslims there needs a touch of cool. hope they let me smoke in disco clubs there?
big up all the jet blick blick richer skin niggas like mark morrison, dmx and shabba, superior cast, maybe i clone you dmx and become black blick. fade to blacksteet, fade to africa!!!!at last see i
snake his sis boats//snake=cat medusa
liarna=isis
big up isis gal dem
i hope daddy rory doesnt waste away the best of mya may liarna years on booze?lamya=m,ya may=liarna
big up mona, and shore ward soldiers, holy land, big up the staff too fighting.
america you need a doodler on team, have you seen , my doodles and notas?london doodling divinci, word.
who the fuck is doodle?is he a soccer player, handy andy, and macroni mac usala, RACHEL yankey and doodle. fucking septic tanks yanks, fusion.
remember to dance ww1 ww2.
27 79 12 442 42 41 40 3.14 93.5 88.4
britain, whatford is still world champion at boxing and motor racing.
paul gazza gascoigne is a don, england should fund him, star player.
i pray for no relegation battle for westham.
the wolf will rule every ghetto. whoz afraid of the big BAD wolf?
dash of fire cali, kim is big, dash dash dot, nw
big up mosad, if you aint hacking me, your pritty dumb, i am your christ who leads you to more land. sad saddle jesus DouglAS DAS,
piper perbo, cia, one too watch!!!
@PiperPerabo @NYCTSubway women election win?yeah pips piper b ig win, piper for presidents wife?baguettes for brakfact with bacon?ou la lar. sue perb
dsx is one crazy honky!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
dsx is on crazy honky mf
the women were loyal, well done, more women in power, progress
fun good election america, good result one thinks.
africa shall rise, double digit
i sound racist but i am not.
i will make america richer than china, and take us deeper into space than weve ever been. dunkirk.
prophecy, i will be pesident of america in another life, prophecy, fear me russia islam china, im domine.
i am mahdi, look him up on google&lt;
obviously the first muslim was a women, mohids wife, i want her, star
muslim follow me and we start a new islam, muslim women preachers, its all good.
afgan women, i see you, bup. muslim women rise. mahdi
christ rank, mf
you have to remember im young, what do i become?
british fucking army, i will be a general.
warrior for who?me is answer.
big up saudi arabia americas long time friend, mohamids country. centre mid.
probably the vatacan as talyban=it tal ly.
who finances you, arms you?
mohamid is on my side, he is with me. you are vatican puppets terrorists
warn them
attack newyork or london, and mark my words you suffer worst than jesus.
i have the koran, i can decode it, there code, mohamid is a bee. dmc attacker centre. do not war me or my friends, or you will die and tortured. fear me, i will rise to president and pope. i will kill and take your women, there is no 7 virgins, they all want me?word
ant man, michael douglas
ants
SawmZ OF BEEZ, KILLER BEEZ (i sometimes look like a bee in my headphones right?)//i am a killer phrophet, i am mahdi
the beez are strong so are the ants, i am queen bee queen ant. koran run, born  to run, music gives me stamina pbuh , ha ha, hes a warrior their is no peaCE HA&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
the queen bee is the dj, music is good for fighting, it gives you energy, it keeps you awake, it keeps you warm. music loves me i love music. mus slim shady
big up all muslim, hackers taliban all crew, mohamhid is a bee, a killer bee, and i am the queen. muslim=mus ic , its good to fight too. taliban=ital tal=vatican, dont fear me fire the fire.
sardine?rome bup malorees
ar puski duski ruski?&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;dimple smile?
ahhhhh geogia, atlanta pussyclarts, what?
big up the shore ward crew, fighting the good fight over holy ground!!!!
&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;dimple, its all good maybe secttion you when im boss of mi5?
fuck mi5, im double trouble, cagey and nicked, you sectioned me mi5, i forgive you?
i would LOVE a job for the cia, you pay me in cigaretes, im a cheap date and a pent up artist.
iran is interesting to.
american polytics is way more intersting than any other nations.
assinate trump, or get on with it america?, the blacks wont merk him, whoz got balls, who is really big enough to merk a president, hic blacks lumi?women=watch out for the women trump, they dont like you and there makavites by force. killer queens who did the pipe bombs bola.
trump our leader, we must back the boss. chain of command, chosen by god.
@HuffPost i like sarah
media not showing trump respect or rank, to me thats a crime, i do belive in the chain of command media. trump tight, no diggity no doubt.
to be honest im the wolf who eats sheep, but read the bible, the wolf eats with the lamb is in there. Isaiah 65:25 jesus is the lamb.
dsx=dislex=x=cross=christian.
ace ventura pet detective, funny film. jim carey
shooting in cali, is serius, put obvoiusly its ventura, which is ace ventura, so it could be a fake or a inside job.
would you agree cia?ds sex?
dsx is one sexy mf,&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;dimple
finance was flustered yesterday, polytics is easy?ruffled
nigggga fucking lover dsx sexy xp x!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
dsx is not racist, africa wants him. he will marry african.
@VogueParis beige bag baguette battyman
@VogueParis too skinny
ventura shooting smells like a fake, but gun law america, it wasnt an election issue, it should have been.
dimple smile trump&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
one dead journalist who probably a fake, hes names hogg, wise up young america, one dead is minor, try and read more international news, nothing happening in syria or iraq?ground hogg day. who cares media bbc, a dead journalist trump?&lt;&lt;&lt;
live war news channel, fox /bbc?what do you think?
polytics is popular at the moment, if only there was a website too argue???
look trump a fucking liar, so is finance generally, but hes doing ok for business and jobs, that is what america needs.
hands up media snipers
@PressSec hes a nobody, rude, he should no his place. you should of ejected him with force. america obey rank, he is the president. your questions media are not even that smart art. sexy sarah, you now how to deal with those hacks, give em a look medusa usa!!!!
america has a few angels, the biggest is amazing grace
the jew shooting was god, hew does do terror, believe it or not, he wants gun law too change in america, trump listen.
no terrorist stepped during elections, well done cia police homeboys and fibbers.
america is happy with the election, great turnout, vote dsx?
rembrance day 11th, listen too the service on radio or tv(i prefer radio 93.4)bbc, its good to rembember our dead with a bit of pomp.
dwali fireworks in london were very good, plenty of british indians in brent, london.
usa elections went well, 100%democrazy, no but we are satisfied with the result. god punished georgia, that was an easy black win, fix. the women did very well, big up nancy pelosi.
aids is under control and weve merked ebola, cancer is on the agenda, were making progress, we will merk cancer when?look my gen, the 60's kids gets cancer and sufferers, we cure it shorty after that our kids, is my prediction. cancer is made by god, it is a mf, redemption
go on man u, great result, we realy whopped them, jose moreinho, don
you want some wisdom?"a song helps the job along", turn on the radio at work, it will help the day go by.
devali is hereeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
mcsally, bup bup
@NancyPelosi good job, nancy, you have the holy spirit with you!!!!!
trumpet trump, i respect your rank, im not a sinner, sack him, off with his head.
oprah obama, what happened?
georgia on my mind, revolt?
look, win for the dem or pubs, who noahz, but i do noah is that it was a win for women. women rising mac 11 glass ceiling=dug glass&lt;&lt;&lt;AHHH
@NancyPelosi girl power, key position, well done, tweet tweet engage with your public
@IvankaTrump well said
women are rising, there very pleased about the midterms
democracy was good, fix for gill and abram, generrally brent is pleased with the midterms, repubs take senate?fix// there no power on earth which GOD does not put in place.
big the the fashion nuns, mac 11 judas boss bitches
@VogueSpain cruz or her?cruz all day long.
@realDonaldTrump spin spin sugar.
we aint marching were shooting, king cong, whats your move?
white power, wacka blacka boyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!
whitey won the election, well done women, you were loyal, good result, mcsally!!!
good result for whitey
Atlanta?you pussy?nigga town lead by whitey?luda crunk crew, do you need to merk someone?ant anta dsx city.
what you gonna do georgia?
gill lost abraham lost?fix black consira?god is racist, or rebukes who he loves?
doug jones win?bup bam
georia what?
you can trump things, you can freshen things, you can dump things.
georga on my mind
Stacey Abrams lost , riot atlanta?
are the blacks happy with miderms, no, revolt?
seems like a good result for women, you happy?
even result in midterms, im not convinced about not being a fix, but we had some good results?gill lost?recount,
apache commandche navahoe. all tribes
texas vegas crew massacar rip.
isis egy crew, devotion locomotion moscow bull.
all ireland, mac 11 sunrise to rule!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
all hyienaz all bulls all bears, i am kaliseeee, i have dragons. snow will be exiled.
@CNBC really?wise man?not
anamaloss warriors, snap chat. klash neck off. pet.
flex fm, cool fm crew, all jungle
corinthians, titans collassands and brewdy bitches
titans, collosans, coriths, all big niggas
brent, your king has returned
@maitlis fix?
@HuffPost democracy is dead?its all about tired ants rants!!!!!!!!!!!!
bruce fiona?rival bb babe, mvp
fiona brace isnt on twitter?????????????
fake love right~?
i love sally
amazing grace, cock sucking PA, born in the usa. you me and empire to build. one lump or 2?
@maitlis check your self, whats up bb beeeeeeeeeeeeeeezzzzzzzzzzzzz
sea energy is the future, waterboy=dsx doug stu an x man xavi charles chave, confirmed
i have had the calling twice from the vatican to join them.
i will my son ganga after the ganges and my daughter badiane after mj bad album
shadow warriors, valley of shadow of death tonight.
new york, fork in road, i do have a choice?
risk off due to elections and parties, remember to dance, the rally is suprising, gold is up, pussyclarts?
bluff god?
listen to fucking vote god, or we'll buck up and revolt.
wolves crew
@ReutersBiz @RenitaDYoung pussy move
big up the knights templar
trump gets merked tonight?
stabbings on the rise in london.
who wants a british passport?
@SenatorHeitkamp you remind me of someone i noah. bup
@Alyssa_Milano stush
shout too the zeta virus, darling buddy. hug dug,
clinton will have her turn at some point, word of the lord, killer clinton.
&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;dimple smirk, oprah ha
oprah for president?ha cia he he ha.
@Ishawna buff
black vote gill?
be loyal women, stick together, vote pink pussy. vote smart art.
vodou vodoug, i can du what you do, lauren hill?
papa richardson bird died, his funeral is on the 19th. churchill will attend. salute
doug is a wild creature, wild. dont cage him. the animal kingdom has intelligence/dont under estimate them, that is a mistake, cats dogs birds.
lock ness, wilderness willesden wild.
you should fear the beast. hes a killer.
leopard beast=doug. du, we will all be rich, but not all at at the same time, pray to your for me e mc.
lion vs tiger?
devali is here, buy some fireworks and blaze it up. we celebrate it london.
all computer indian geek hackers and cafe surfers. serve the common wealth. indian londra indra gita gitana. rise and live as a tiger, india is the tiger. women will rule with me in india, i will marry a indian godess, word to god. which one?not shore
i will not fail. pakistan is mine. la hore. we will CLEAN mclean india, kalki calulated doug du hind. your women are mine, together we will rule. colinal days will come again, rul brittania and the common wealth.
india , i am the new gandi, the golden goose, ganda
devali is here /merk the muslims, hindu hindug, baghavad.
real time crew
dsx says bring back the death penalty in newyork, we kill rapist and terrorist. think about it new york?vote dsx?
@thandienewton riddicks bitch, bup
@IvankaTrump cute suit.
clinton is very quiet, some one(trump)give her a job. drone
@Oprah im drawn to you, but im the wolf, be careful of what you say, it will be held against you. help blacks in america, you cant die with it, dough 7 18
sponge bath nurses?
high security night for cia, snooze you lose, fuck sleep, stay pepped, nic night gale teens.
narfee or beyonce once upon a time?
@MorningsMaria @GovMikeHuckabee marry me mo, fan fanatic fantasy finance?dough 7 18 cut the cake, i'll take a slice!!
@HuffPost i'll huff and puff and blow your house down. im the big BAD wolf, pulp fiction, shit nigga you sent the wolf, shittttt!!!
@Greenpeaceafric @Greenpeace @NUM_Media merk them if they frac, you have a green light from me.
according to the bible my destination is new york, will the bible come true stew.
TRUMPS DOING OK ON THE ECONOMY!but dont believe his statistics and lies. what ever trump breaks i will fix, including medicare.
america is still suffering depression, brent is cured, obama did good. trump=financial theocracy, democracy is dieing, vote.
dont fuck or move on her, you die damon maybe, concider
big up damon dash
jay z hates isis bitches like beyonce. word. biatch
big up the hics, doug=white trash
@MeravMichaeli too da luu.
i vote for women, fuck it she aint the best man for the job,, i will help. with me she cant fail. be loyal women, mak 11 giddy up, wowe
@VogueParis pardus dust smoke regretta rain, seine floods, SIGN, god loves you. lou louis francesca france, aly euc pus le blue, sisters.
i will make a women president, prophecy.
be loyal american women, vote for a women if you can. be loyal.
land of giants/angels=america.
wake up america
@TimesofIsrael god is your worst enemy jews, he rebukes those he loves. me and jew, mesh messiah, holy cause.
mid terms/long night?
who is dsx?your wondering?well hes a good looking english chav. he's mvp on this earth. ando he is the son of man, the person in in bible. he is noah, he is israel. he is gideon. he is london, guru to england, sage of the west. wanted/given a ten year visa by america. hes bi
mister mister, can you spare me 5 dollars, doug is a uncle to nuff girls, uncle ducker, terence and philip, uncle douglas., sahow him some respect!!!!
haspel is shy, like putin, bring back the pomp. mafia man
gchq are fagots, they dont even have a 5 aside team?
who is miss money penny in code gchq?doug aint bond in the movies, hes always the bond villian, goldfinger, watch out fed.
but gchq dont even employ miss moneypenny, as their all batty boys
cia, are computer geek hackers too
gcse crew aint even london, there geek fagot non smokers
@GCHQ your not london?you dont know the don?nod your fucking head if you cant dance
@GCHQ @TherealNihal my my my, i spy with my little eye mi5 mis mister. dont deal in lies?
@susannareid100 another one bites the dust
mid terms, vote for women.
i saw the chinese mafia today in my hood, and went too chinese temple.
next stop nyc, dsx is goona be one of us usa, maybe sigh ay?&lt;ahhhh
@jessicaalba dark angel, brent gal. bup
@jessicaalba i vote honestly for honesty. do we get that with modern day poltrick-stars?
pasatas no euros, greeks will rise. europe will collaspse
@guardiacivil diaz de mullertos, hard shoulder, quith thou.
mid terms!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!zuez, demcracy, REVOLTION!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@realDonaldTrump gun law3s u guys, ban war automatics, listen to me, god wants you to act, dont ignore him or me. guns for show, knives for a pro. switch
@netanyahu many are called few are chosen, we, the jews are chosen. big up the warsaw ghetto, yids, we do not yield. give us what is dew.
@netanyahu i agree, many are called, we are chosen. ignorant mfz read the bible, we are gods people, chosen. we merked the germans, we can merk a few hard right dumb niggas.
sarah palin is real so is trump real=is rael real el.
big sarah palin a real bitch, alas sarah lets take a boat to bombay!!!nelly the fracking elephant. trumpet trump
mid terms, girl power come on girls, vote girls, yes their better than the men. cruzing in my drop top?mac 11 nigga
god does do terror, word, who do think protects the taliban ect?do terror on london or nyc and anger me god?dont do that, forgivenous takes a long wile and you have too suffer a bit&lt;&lt;dont test me, i aint jesus. im a bitter weed
god merked pittsburgh, who did it?the right racists?NO, god saying gun laws AMERICA!loudly
a hard rains gonna fall itlay, bup he rebukes he loves, god exists italy, last days. rome will rain.
sea eye AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA born in the mf u.s of A
taki tacic tak this=catholic
party in mexico tonight, or mylands?
knock off ewarly and go pub, its friday?
boty young tonight, dia de muertos des straff
fiesta tonight
gun law, america, make some noise, midterms and no ones saying gun law?
@RussianEmbassy that no palace, wheres thew swimming pool, 5 aside pitch. and tennis court, palaces have guards and gardens, that not a palce.
big the internet crew hacking me, dj dsx is the best?
friday fiesta!!!!dia de muertos
you awake russia, you godless son of bitch, kossaks konstantine koss bar.
friday, party!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1day of dead, ave maria.
covadonga dou don doug dong big ben brent.
dont be a gal clown, geeks.
brent has nuff girls.
the coolie is fucking buff, djbouti!!!!!!!!!
narfee?coolie dance?
jew=jewel=wrestle?jew women, warsaw all crew.
888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888
the eagle is sufferer, huntos=sufferer. hunter lodge, africa shall rise dd tits!!!!
shout to black cats, bup. toya all crew, all brit bitches.
all warriors
rita cansino hay girl?
who wants to sleep with snug doug?who is snug/thundercats?
gchq crew, no sleep till satarday, can you keep it up?niagra
essex i see you. brentwoooooooooooooooooooooood
sloane slags!!!!!!!!!!!!royal with cheese.
westminster bup rip.
rockafella rip.
wake up london, its friday fiestas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wake up, china and yo yo tokers.
roll to rio, i will king of rio. word of god, mine dig dug. revenge germany!!!!
@shakira boom shak attack, tic tac=catholic. spin shakira!!!!!!!!!!!!!
rio, slow gals. nina is dumb liarna?dindo liarna, out ranked.
dina, kiero k un fiesta oi?
fuck off early its friday?
dia de mueros, fiesta, big up south america coco espesh mex. brent london celebrates dia de muertos you should too, alcohol!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wake up bravil fellas favellas!!!!!!!!1
jeremiah was sent to prison for his redemption, 1 month, they cant hold me?well done police, you better have the riot gear ready!!!!you took the stronghold.
un besso bess bless up!!!!!!!!!!!!!questa me amore, pasta dough,
africa rumba?
no sleep tonight, long day, lond night, music fiesta 51
los angeles, fiesta hoy oi oi.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
dia de muertos, fiesta!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!doing anything cat von d tonight?
@Oriel_Morrison @CNBCi @bernielotv @EmilyCNBC @cnbcSri @MartinSoong oriel?, add her to the shore list, one to watch, buffet ting
@GOP @IvankaTrump your a cute jewel
@NYPD46Pct it all about the children, the meaning of life, we do IT for the children. stay modern, stay connected, merk the orks. destroy the ring?
beyonce is always singing about me.
beyonce is love with me?
@IvankaTrump in the deep end!!!AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH sharks(tadpoles)spunk punk.
@KimKardashian worth staying up for?
brazil!!!!!!!!!god zilla
trick or treat?trick!!!!!!!!!!!!
@IvankaTrump your doing well daddyies girl, girl power e mc
eminem is an angel!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!no shit sherlock, sheeet
big up eminem mine to dig is dug mine en em. my nigga
big up the knights templars, g thang g
@H_Combs witch biatch!!!!!!!!!
big up the translatoes
@GCHQ pussy?
party season, there fighting in heaven when i play jungle
shore ward!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
gypciessssssssssssssssssssssssssszzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
all gypsdyies scum, bup
ilean is dead, wake the fuck up.
@KATVONDbeauty cat drak halo ween?bad bitch vamp bitch?
@KimKardashian cher the dough.
@KylieJenner kielie you wernt that colour, nors barbie, whoz ken, kensington ken?ar you ken?streetfighter?, barba barbaken rubarb and custard crumble!!!de lish lisa queen.
finance are sheep not bulls, i'll berry the lot of them.
buy ibm and ford, too big to fail, quite cheap?
i say anything on twitter, fuck twitter, they cant tell me sh1t, invest in twitter stock?BUY buy buy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
tyson didnt rape, ronalo christian is innocent(don) brett kavanaugh is innocen and the jew movie mogul is innocent. jennifer lawerence is my virgin bitch. and beyonce knows who i am, and she would black burry jay z if it was legal. anna=rihanna, big up the growing gal dem.
@GCHQ @GlosCathedral @PoppyLegion did you pay for those poppies, pop goes the weezsy. doug popa pope?ahhhh&lt;&lt;joker pope
what is kim and kids wearing for halo ween
@GCHQ a in a gchq?hire me, bit puss ar puski dushki du?
i am the king of music, the queen of queens and emporer of england and africa. at last see i.
i have voices of the spirit world that talk to me. yes i am a bit crazy, i am englands holy person, sage/profit sp. i predict teleports but no understands how they they except astroturf physics bods!!!!!how much is a teleports fair ride?energizeeeeee
millwall to be prem again in the next 10 years is worth a bet.
big westham fc. we pray for a win. we could be continential in a few years with dsx helping us. europa champs, who knows?noah
dsx=dislex, he makes a few spelling errors but hes a don at maths instead
god exists, theres no dealth, but judgement day for everyone. which means god has too assign you to somewhere
whats the furthest a man or women has been in space from earth?not that far. i will try and mightly break that record.
@BeckyQuick @SquawkCNBC @CNBC becky with the good hair!!!!!!!!!
@netanyahu you should do acting, romantic comedies?
harry bup mac it nigga lover
mid terms, men vs women?trumpet trump your pop?
gun law america, make some fucking noise about guns.
tokyo toy gal, bup
@PiperPerabo @IlhanMN @TinaSmithMN undeafeeted?
internet geek yats bup, watch out for those creepers, keep that pussy undeafeated
dsx smokes to much. hews gonna die young?
time to become a nurse in england, i see a pay rise coming.
@PiperPerabo you have a good lawyer, rebelious daughter?
uncle douglas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@shakira your big but can you sell ny yankees?can you even survive in nyc?tired?ahhhhhhhhhh arroz can poyo, cafe con led che gar. chu gar. chu pum pum, get a haircut and shake it bake it and fake it G
@PiperPerabo @AndrewGillum @SenBillNelson till i site the target, target me pera boss itch.
rip earl of westminster, shout to the sloanes ss black is back.
plane crash crew, atlantic romantic crew 9/11 crew, shout out, indo too
karen has a dry den?
gypscy vs gareth?
irish gypsy crew, LAST orders soon!!!!!
@PiperPerabo @kyrstensinema @BWestbrookAZ8 @dg4az @ASU @azlgbtdems @UofACollegeDems pie piper bo baggage?candle lit diner, few pips some manager and some stress?sounds like fun right?
crumbling leister, shore shank for touching her?
sunrise crew signs gareth and claims hendon.
egypt is gangster?hair cut gangster, fags and nicodeon creed
queen latifah you are dead bitch, dont go nyc or london, you might get rap/hooked and dubbed
big up usher, merked by london, now a brent nigga, bup usher bup roland and the liquid crew.
kgb bitches can suck cheese?
elizabewth tudor to take it from the holy egyptian love godess?
halloween tomorrow, few tricks?
markets holding steady, risk off for party season, dia de muertos nymex?
@HuffPost cali women are too laid on there back. back to back, i'll be back, hindude pak rip stu stirer
makavelli just means how to get power, the women are mak 11
gun law america, pittsburgh, make some noise about gun law
teresa may, you are backed up my the birds and bees. there is no other credibel option to u
michelle obama when are u gonna enter the game of thrones?
i am the future king of rochinya favella, saopaulo gal bup, sniff pera?
favellas =fellas, bunda
i think god did pitssburgh, he wants gun law change.
big the moss side crew, saddle up partners. dont sad be glad. ju ju eye balls????????
is haspel media fucking shy?seems s.o.e
fuck the cia, i take bang your women,
nana was super model material so was imogen. cozens is ok, but grandma fucks?is know noah&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;starsky and hutch crew
@GCHQ you should a wheres wally book to make cream
univercity is for 2nd life people, if you go first life, your a major don. univercity=universe, yes heaven drops and studies at earths univercity.
kim kardasian is my muse of the moment, i dont agree with lip injections but apart that she is the apple of the eye. la la queen
big up the poppy girls?so you think you can kick it with the king?cheese on toast slightly burnt, biatchez
@Ishawna your a boss bitch?how many rivers have you crossed?nil?
pussy is a damp wet rat hole, you like that?
japan like sushi pussy?
big up merkle, real trooper liked by god and doug.
WOMEN RiSING!!!!!watch out men, all they need is one stud bull!!
god loves america. black vote, women vote, are game changers. women stay loyal, your vote is heard. concidered
remember to vote, people died to get your vote. usa
derrrrrrrr
rest in peace gay lords in club killing rip, strap it up, get yourself a gun, con the dom, shit pipe sex=disease.
god wants you to change your gunlaws amewrica, there will be more senless school killings and jew killings gay killings with automatics by GOD until you do something about guns. a good start would to ban automatic war guns.
the pittsburgh attack is not hic far right or racist, dont blame them, its someone smarter, we should in these midterms be talking about gun laws in america, god wants the usa to adress guns a little, so the attack has something to do with that, and answer to who did it is god.
i forgive chega vara, war monger who might get merked for being too hansome. faak that gorrillas in the zoo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!dough?
big up espanya, cruzing round town. stuary dag
soft music as a death in the family, grandad popa
i will marry the god isis and a queen to become royal.
theres huge money to be made in music, i will raise stax records detroit and start a music company with ireland called mdk.
looks do matter, vanity prevents insanity, good looking people usually go further, so tart your selves up for work, and be stush. x is cute.
i predict girl power but a dug-glass sealing.
i am a profit, i predict teleports and space colonies, ss central command nat nate in space and a much stronger United nations. wall street will grow and newyork will be healed of 9/11 with nuff dough. cake 7 18, women NEED the dough, jeremiah=redemption.
good buggy et, army funded, and the chancellor being a bit more genorous. brexit will create jobs and wise rises. brent brexits, rip carol shore.
cos we had a financial crash we suffered a depression. its not the great depression, thank god, but its still a depression, brent is cured of the blues, is your hood?
another women primeminister, bup, big up teresa may, the only real man for job, vote joke corbyn in?are you nuts
fashion women are decisive killers, i like them, i will work then, grey is good?&lt;
jamaican women are rough tough alpha
i will be a rastaman, i am rasta, rasterfarite stands alone.
dull day in london, winter here, get the scarf out.
the world is in pain, i/we must play r part. peer?
london rise and shine, jack it up.
?whats up bb, bbc?
japan, rum and coke?rumba?
the jews are the chosen people, why merk them?, read the bible
sickenening pittsburgh attack. sat. anti cemetism is so dumb
space the final frontier?final no the final is heaven
bup, poppy 10million to help papa!!!
bup mi gcse crew
bup 1 billion too army bup, pay rise!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
its a good time to become a carer or nurse, dough double time
big up the taliban undeafeated, bup, moham law?no, hes not a law man hes a warrior. big up the muslim brotherhood, terrorists say un, doug says NO, big hezzbolah, i will join you guys, what rank am in general star?
i fucking merk mi5 if they step to me!!!!!!!!!!!!!&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;DIMPLE SMirk
a fucking woman in charge of the cia!!!!!!!!!!!bup bup women
@jessicaalba your honest im bent, cops and robbers are partners, there both heartless?du you?bend or break, winner stays on!!!!
@Ishawna jam and bannana and rih puss euc puke
another formula one win for england and germany, big up nicky lauder , hamilton is a don. great stuff, rule britannia
rihanna may get punished, very likely when she dies.
cardi b, has a undeafed punani pussy, whos first nigggggggaz?
big up the witches and biatches, boss bitches, spring sprung gun for hire steen, rent brent biscuits
don robe
rocky balboa bup bup.
all staff fighting the good fight.
shore ward, mona yousef all crew even omar bup.
shes a tight cunt is the answer better trump.(cia bought off by trump?)!!!!
they want clinton.
the post bomb is militant women, they might try and merk trump and pence, take them seriously.
all kind of quiet on terror front here, volitile period, elections and remembrance haloween day of dead and guy forks is a security nightmare.
@KATVONDbeauty @sstrazzere dia de muertos, fiesta en los angels?
@susannareid100 white people cant dance!!!!!!!!!!!at the palace dear.
beyonce hates dumb niggas who hate women, hay jay sway?
day of dead party!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!fiesta en mexico y 41 brent london.
sud america kiero dough 7 18?
you never seen carlitos way?
carlitos way, carlito=daglas
bronx
undeafed pussy?cardi bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbeeeeeeeeeeee
soft music/papas dead, im his dj, no bashment for a wile no dnb.
ive got ww1 english as a arm
ww2 will die, i will honour them, they are one of arms idia https://t.co/uD2c3bKjoB
hes a D-day veteren, bup. medal?yep
soft music for papa vasa mac.
ip an eama ip=me
youve got ip address?have got my spain ip?
listen bbc radio remembrance, really i do, the 11th
big funeral, churchill, all the big niggas, word
soft music for a wile, papa gradad just died, age 95.8
dance=battle=fighting, there dancing in the streets=riot
wake the fuck up , new york
@IngrahamAngle bart the fart, do not fart in my presence, i might barf bart, barf bath bask?
i fucking hate mondays, turn up the radio. coffeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!
astro crew, bup
big up millwall the lion club, the english club who scouted me when i was 13.
big up westham fc, my no.1 team, big club.
big up the cunts, cunning women, cruel to be kind?
dont fear death, fear hell. be good, there is more than one hell. for not being good you probably get purgatory. me?i get hell, i will run hell. minators suck my toe
america is voting, its a fix, lets see who god puts in charge. there is no power which god has not put in place. new testament
christian ronaldo, fuck all lie bitches, you get macked
joan dickens is family, mess with susie you may get it god?
china white, rising sun, forbidden city
@SarahPalinUSA its not the size of chip its the motion of the ocean. are bum bye bi?
synogoue attack, we should merk who ever did it, fuck the anti semitites yids yield.
barca lonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnna die. really
cnbc, risk off?
big up the fox viewers, if you want to merk muslims vote hillary.
america will grow and get rich, even the niggas with me in charge.
i am a retch, grace will save me.
the spanish women are the most beutiful in the world.
you want to know what i look like?i look like springsteen. white https://t.co/3XY5yFaJSm
america does want me, i can be mad, they made me a 10 year visa. carry homelands bi england!!!!!!!
i will be an american eagle in the future, for the moment im a british eagle. i have vision, i am a profit
@CENTCOM invent the fusion tank. seals cecila elite ss CENTry scan. cental. wipe isis from existance, kill a few innocents, i dont care. they just go to the ant. mohamed is on my side, isis is not muslim, its egypt.
there blocking vogue tweets from me, the government, paranoid?well it is a sympton of bi polar, so yeah im para
big up the vogue crew
shout out to jessica simpson and americas sweet heart. https://t.co/txN3fcqH0u
i will be brazil against my will. will the machisto listen too me?mine iron dig dug. bunda bums
no camera on my pc!!!!!!!!!!!!ahhhhhhhhh face E bitches
shensea ah?not many black bitch rivals, bring it niggggggggggggggazzzz
the cycle of economics is changing. trade tarafiffs are good. we will make things in america again, we will know longer be just the customer.
minor cowardly post pipe bombs, it has something to do with piper coyote ugly, women probably did it.
poppa is dead, the music changed to his music for a wile, he is my grandad.
fuck allah, die slow mfzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
why doesnt the cia offer me a job, there obviously a fan and stalking me?
big up mossad but sigh im mi
there is no glass ceiling anymore, pay gap yes, we almost had a woman president, we will have a woman president. profecy.
if you step to the jews neo nazis, you will get merked. we defeated the nazis we can defeat some neo right mfz. jews rise, jews fight. dew jew.
big up the essex slag, east end boys and essex girls?
@susannareid100 bbc babe, etched in my memory, set the alarm for susanna?yep, and not even a moring person ,more of a night hawk. star rank
pop off,
papa richardson is dead, he died last night
navy, micael british army, pop off
www2 ww1 fix papa
pop off
papa is dead, pop off, good, may he lic his wounds and reboud.
dsx is racist, ? no, im there niggas first choice, its cool i can jam with the niggas, ive got funk
@MillwallFC rise like lions, you will rise to prem, i bet on you, lions, the english club, dsx backs you , you will be prem. word of god callum dsm dmlc wing back player/manger den denman doug x dx xxkiss kiss headbut. we are millwall no likes us we dont care.
TOLEDO CREW BUP
jersey are fAGOTS!!!I'LL MERK THE ITALIAN MAFIA SISIES
i fucking rule the niggas in harlem x mal, womack whoever. i will dominate you slowly and run tings in harlem, harlem niggas are man hate them, black cunts
harlem=harlsden
@PiperPerabo vain mf
buen camino douglas, wank co
azell baby bup. azell is a big nigga, so are you. aztec
azell baby bup. azell is a big nigga, so are you. rip.
i am the comforter of death not jesus, word to god.
god loves soccer more than any other sport.
where do we stand on genetics and cloning ted cruz?
ted cruz, where do you stand on gun laws?
give women 5 sets in tennis, says doug, its more lucrative than the mens game if you do, kornicova
louise maclaine is not as wise as me.
bombs in pipeline boleyn did the post bombs, she is girl power and they would merk trump then merk pence. michele may enter the game of thrones at some point. piper didnt do it elizabeth boleyn did. no harm no one died, mac 11 skill
leches crew, you do drain me.
i will be a general for the british empire, i will, i am the emperor of africa manifested the 1st haile selassie.
jahmaica. doug will live in kingston it will grow. kingston hot.
witch women will take care of home and me a fucking meal?
bitch women wants to be my slave?
riot if the midterms dont go your way america?
cia is trumped, trump bitches, bought off?yes.
bashment=og king=doug bashan, search the bible im the og orgy king!!!!no men allowed.
fernando alonso is asturias, so am i, stuart=asturias, spain
us elections and no ones talking about gun laws?
afgan women bup true prince of persia iranian women bup. musdlim women, dream on. stay clear of the L-fire
fuck the jews, i give them detyention, lines mcathyism, for not concentrating in las
megan kelly, your with meg and mogol.
trump gets merked?pence takes over?pence gets merked?women are on a war path for power, take them seriously, they shouldnt be underestimated.
pipe bombs has definetly got something to do with piper perabo, maybe boleyn did it(serious)?
post bombs in america, why and who did that?
kim kardash is iranian?ahhhh kim, muslim?ahhhhhhhhhhhhh, armeaniass will get merked by iran when dougs i o tola.
at the heart of it iran is not muslim, there may be a revolution there, cia mossad kgb, my5 niggas help them win, and iran will be liberated, fuck the i o tola, iran women bup. listen too your mums ignore dad.
kim k bup dash of fire, shakira who?
basically sky bought comcast, america has sky!!!!!!!!!!!!!
maria bartiromo bup
paula bup bup
jews, you sdupport who ever doug supports in soccer. correct, come on you irons. rory your team is westham like doug,
we are the yids, yids means yield and the british do not yeild doug
big ben is my choice fighter fuck ali fuck youwank and fuck tyson. ben, the dark destroyer, ben=brent, top jew signing, wanted
persian princesses bup, spanish skin!!!!!!!!!!!!
iran probably has a nuclear bomb
jew terror is fake. jews are in bed with palestine, very old buddies is the answer. fat mf
the pakistan easter bomb. was pakistan blowing up itself to get my attension. manchester was england who did it and parliment attack was a trainig exercise. french=god france is still furious. they will merk any terroist who steps fuck law and justice, espaya too.
no terrorists attacks for wile now, be alert in the next 2weeks def con high. sigh A
the ipod is a super dupa fantasic product, the iphone is wack. your a sucker if you own an iphone. samsung is a good alternative. im a bull samsung.
i fucking hate apple, realy, i will do my best to kill them
you should be hacking daniel conway hackers, he will be a future mp of brent, maybe a prime suspect
big up boleyns bitch, prospect melisa chase, kiss chase, spin the bottle?who did you like?wilson?virgin of the virgin, flute.
i will give a tax break and perks to jet blick black niggas, the darkest, in the future. i will try to recruit them. high rank cast like grace jones. blick blacka backa, back two back/black.
big up the hanson brothers
international polytics is basically=too whom is chinas best friend?the answer is whoi ever has dsx, and at the moment that is england.
god exists, he/she is a comity of the dons. he is a little incompetent but has me in future to help him or her.
stephan hawkins wasnt that intelligent, rest in peices atheist dog.
englanmd invented the internet, by stealing off the americans, ah america. big up burners lee, don
big up the guardian angel ravers. do you want awake or asleep on the weekends?
big up alba. toms girl?
the white chav girls are mine, anyone who moves, or did move on them will piss me off. armed im very dangerous, ps alms, arm me ps.
i am a young buddha, if your chinese pray to your buddha, you can be catholic and buddha like me, bodsattaz bup
no sleep tonight, friday party songs cia/whitehouse?the day the music died, american pie,. ahhhh you love the music, its growing on you?music gives you energy and keeps you awake.
big up the intreverts and loners who are like me. doug=lone ranger
@chelseahandler 50 cent is a lay lay.
there no such thing as death on earth, when you die you go up, dont fear death fear torture. gwantan boarding school. waterboy, viva cuba.
gchq geek fagots, go fuck a robot.
fuck the cia, follower of dsx?yep for a wile.
in the future the american angel called grace will be my secretary/pa, few drinks and you never noah?
big up the computer geeks who signed on too the gov or amy, smart niggas, i will be military gov aswell in dew time.
shore ward, park royal crew, fighting over the holy land, bup
jack demsey, rock balboa, bup
who the fuck is nigel ben, the dark destroyer?
i choose nigel ben above all others.
smoke is sacred smoke is ancient. stayed pepped cia, smoke.
if you can afford smoke.
we are a product of our environment so keep your bedroom fresh.
the answer to renewable energy is sea energy which is infinite + nuclear energy, have no fear of nuclear energy, its good but way expensive to build but solves our addiction to electricity.
@Jerusalem_Post use the defense shield?
@NYPDnews @NYPD113Pct @NYPDONeill @nycgov @NYCMayor @nycemergencymgt @NYPDCT @NewYorkFBI @TwitterNYC @TwitterGov @Sept11Memorial @NYCMayorsOffice nypd a police force embracing technology, a modern police force. terrorist should get merked, bring back the death penalty?
rap city is a bad boy city in heaven, i will holiday there, word up, yo
atlanta bup hooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooe
tom ford is sentryscan. he has established himself as a big nigga, usa london
our genaration has and can cure aids, its less of a problem now.!!!!!!
ny york, niggas universal unique
yo party season starting today ending the 12th november, day of the dead party!!!!llets go mexico
youve lost video cia/geeks, bad hair day, i give it back soon
hoars are ok geeks, i' legalize them in london in the future.
anonomopus crew bup.
@TOMFORD you still london?
god exists, take it from me. there is an after and its better than this fucking life.
obvoiously there tring to extinct hard top computers, cia ect, as laptops are far easier to hack, every laptop has a camera, you are being watched, 1984 big brother is watching
midterms, who you back, black womhen or best person for the job. stick togheter women, clinton did win(fix)with no effort, vote woe?
big up trump, yor doing good, wall street backs you.
bit of a sell off on wall street ftse, risk off for the up coming day of dead ect parties. regroup about the 12th of september after remembrance day.
i will probably marry a kgb agent.
shout out too the kgb honey yats traps.
i am a druhid
salisbury crew
london, capital of the mf world.
crispin day crispy scars. sailsbury hoc crew exeter essex 8th more than enough. fat cats, dragons st george has a dragon or two, he has me =dragon
big up the heartless crew.
crispy crispins day!!!!!!!!!!!!!scars
someone give the jews more land!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
jews i am your messiah, im young, together we will win
leopard=leprosy=lepracorn=doug the leopard beast(revelations)=lenard
mum=mi5 famous 5, ive got 5 on it
thomas=shot doug=mac 11
if he smite out his manservant's tooth, or his maidservant's tooth; he shall let him go free for his tooth's sake. tiago=war?
los angels=dougs city. i will also own hic land, big up the hics, clu clux clan crew all bad bouys
god is my firewall. on my pc twitter and email.
if dells cheap buy that stock/adell
buy asus stock
fuck all haters, bring it, were prepared for a long war of love. alls fair.
romo666 bart sim simma. mo6 ses seis, what do you think doug and romo can do?
im not a good man?
theres plent of fish in the sea, love hurts, woman scorned=dangerous. a good man is hard to find
big up sao paul. fin der ceman man?
I am Alpha and Omega, the first and the last: and, What thou  seest, write in a book, and send it unto the seven churches which are in  Asia; unto Ephesus, and unto Smyrna, and unto Pergamos, and unto  THYATIRA(brazil), and unto Sardis, and unto Philadelphia, and unto Laodicea
omega=megan, yes harry married megan markle cos the mclean named a daughter megan, redemptive love, FIRE
he is aware of me. big up stefany minas crew and all the brazilian hoars.
jesus will be friend with dsx?
jesus is coming?maybe, he doesnt have me he has a general. me, to take any city or nation or empire.
it is last days!!!!!!!!!!!!douglas=douglast, the last shall be first.
devalli is neary hear, buy some fireworks india
dont fear demons, the difference between angels and demons are angels work for god, demons work for whoever they want. demons don demons are better sexed and payed if there dons.
big up the demons, demon doug has a nice ring too it like denman, do you bet doug=angel or doug=demon??????
today is saint crispans day in london. whoever endures my scars with me shall be my brother. we band of brothers and isisters. mothers nuns and angellyies.
im the best dj in brent
dust=du-stu=douglast stuart, search the bible for me, https://t.co/RSrKe8MMvb type dust and read, king james version.
dj doug, god is a dj
music is my army till i get a proper army, star
i am londons divinci. he got game, but so have i
im a don artist, have you seen my art pics hackers? https://t.co/nHcOj6KPAD
i love football(soccer) soccer loves me. i love music, music loves me, i love mum and she loves me. i love myself. i am noah nothing nottingham wsithout lou love louise.
antiguo=old anti goud doug =old=old testiment, go to the ant gang niggaz, proverbs 66 a good year, hirst more thief?
i am the son of man. he is the son of god. i outrank him
i am a christ
i am the anti christ
i am a original jungle head. dis me me and you get bleached or stabbed. nee
magpies vs crows?
louise maclain(mum)=lois lane. im lex dsx dislex luther. plotting to run tings. who am i in james bond?im always the baddy in james bond, big up the gold finger crew. bup
hayworth is big she is way but does she bend or break?vorts sprug dirt take nick.
yah way =hay way tired cansino sinner way girl, the most hated hayt?
doug=riddick
angel=gelousy, i am a jelous god?ok but isnt jellyseus c a sin?scorned and porned, price of pussy=72.50+vat, arthur is a pimp!!!have you seen it?
@PiperPerabo b.s piper your a stu stirer. canal your energy. you shore are pretty jail bird, mug. if looks could kill, melt. stay pretty. bang the drum for rain. vote women vote doug?
indian women are very beutiful, the men think there smarter, ha, fuck gandi dougs are sage(say indian women)i talk to god and indian spirits.
i own a chinese bible, big up the chinese rebel christians, east wind
i would kill rapist and send them to god if i got power. my earth and i dont want them on earth.
big up washington, prime time game time votes.
dont let demcrazy die VOTE
big up the nypd, i love doughnuts, sincerely, the gangstars are smart, you will have dsx doug dough on your side. nypd the modern police force, the best, stay tweeting tweet tweet, i am listening so are others.
warren buffet is now an angel of, for america, i may follow in his footsteps. he prefers quick to bartiromo!!!!!buff tings
new york wassy fuck phil pscko anal thera rapist
big up l.a, i will choose you. redondo beach party?
in 6 minutes, it is st crispians day, it might be a long day and night again can you hackers hack another allnighter party?fuck sleep, it wastes time which is valuble
@NYPDQueensSouth @NYPDCommAffairs @NYPD100Pct @NYCMayorsOffice @NYCMayor @DRichards13 @NYPD113Pct @NYPD105Pct @NYPD101Pct @eric_ulrich @TheWaveNews queens, i want to be queens, queen bee, queen ant, qb
i have messed up my first life, i will come again as a american. but for the moment im rule brittania. bad british. america gave fowl cursing me a 10 year visa. ive been twice, i will be back again, it proves america likes me!!!
if you mess up your 1st life, dont worry there is a chance of a second life, learn from your mistakes.
trump is one the 7 angels trumpets in revelations, it is last days, the world will not end, no war, god kingdom is on earth already, more are coming.
susanna reid is worth getting out of bed to watch, pro sext biatch.
in the future i will change my name too gengis!!!!!!!!dirty mongral
only gamble what you can afford to lose, bet on the gray
if you want a 20year investment tip buy some ebay and ford stock
make sure you vote in the midterms america, your vote can sway it
uzi mac asul ital stained glass maison=london, hotter prospect than alice?
alice mclean=hot prospect, ace in the deck
she likes pink alice?thats not good
anna orejas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!hottie
toledo holy city, madrid great investment retirement plan.
????????espada pelayo???????????
big up the madrid crew still loyal too luank. new pandia!!!!!!!emma bup
big covadonga, you met the king, kissy kiss?grrr na man
big up espana, surf up?big up mrs orejas and family, big spannish family, anna con dugas=spana
i will change law in england and america prophecy
bring back the dealth penalty?why not theres no real death, you just send someone upstairs to god, thats not that bad, bit savage primevil, well i do.
the ira will get exterminated if they step, i am vengeful, im not a killer?
you bomb new york, you will get tortured and die, warning,my city, isys
isis the terroists isnt islam, its egypt playing war.
york=fork in the road, desision time. choice., y is music fork.
abel=isabella=elizabeth tudor, queen of england, cain=maclain=cia
noah is the same person as israel, israel is a young man hes on his way to america then africa.
mac 11 teflon, i'll leave england london but i'll be back, return of the mac, big the blic black crew.richardson skin shabbah
shout to the gal dem
i'll shit mossad and there judo shit, merk it
i may join the kgb cia, wheres my job offer?
shout to the kgb hackers. putin=kgb, russia=is run by the kgb, england is run my daddy mi5?daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!niggaz
we shall colonize space togethe un ss dunkirk
you never know i just might bend?flex cool fm all jungle.
trafalgar fleet new world in all its m.i.t
morse code
isis russian gal dem bup bup
to infinite and beyond?russia, nic nic?space is infinite?probably not nothing void noah nune noon clock ben brent chimes 731pm in london, from russia with love oo cage me?for petes fucking sake rush.
pie stonhenge time watch. rica stone na
sputnik rex sirius x 88.4 3.14 2.718 66 666 3 41 27 79 revolution.
we are entering party season, day of dead, bup mexico fiesta!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
kardasians its haloween!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
jamaica are the fastest in the world, super diet superior race.
have they my nigga, oscar pretororus go?they should, he served enough time. im satisfied
ronaldo is innocent, he is a don, word of god word to doug yo. don mad crew
@PutinRF_Eng fucking atheist dogs, for petes sake believe in something.believe yourself, ashored.
twitter is better than facebook, its good to vent your opinions on twitter, the twitter gods are listening, they retweet you if your smart.
big up warren buffet, quickie?
@GCHQ dislexia is actually useful in breaking bible code. it might be useful in studying law, it is usefull in medications/medical. dsx=dislex
i am vatican, the pope blessed a gay union, homosexuals are welcome in MY church. bun up the chi chi!!!
hitchcock 6605 rear view bup
big up, the bbc bababe bruce fiona, do u obey rank?do u like my art?
panic in the markets or financial god?
ronaldo is innocent , word to god, hes a don, man u should never have sold him
kensington crew, waugh
beyonce bup, woreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
shout to the irish
rise and shine sentryscan
the orks are black giving blacks a bad name?
shout to the orks magpies a muggers, doug the mug.
kosacs, follow me.
shout russia, rise out of the rouble, starlingrad
big up the macs, macron, Mauricio Macri, macleans
your women are mine islam!!!!!!
the music will keep your spirit good. dsx is a bad boy dj?
remember to eat breakfast if your tired, could be a long day, sleep tonight, skip a night , no biggie
isis crew bup
dance
africa run run run
war
all sao paulo honies, good game we we we.
fellas=favella rosh all crew.
fuck sao paulo rio mfz cap it tal.
senner
brazillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
dj jones dow djbouti bouti bute coolie dance?braz?
r u ken?perfect nigga, streetfighter sound
i am a dj to god.
i may have you on my shortlist of buys. big up ic3 det shabba and navigator  and the flex cool fm massive.
shout to shark man p, signed sealed and delivered
88.4
brent is nw london, shout harrow crew subury wembley crew all paki scum
i am brents dj
i am the most important person on earth mvp, most valuable, dont doubt.
dancing crew, not fighting crew, shake it.
all hammersmith palace crew, the blues brothers!!!!did you record it?did you mc over it?
beyonce is fresher me?
shout to turfkey, i will try to rename istain bul to its proper name, constantinople
los angels will have more paradise, when im king nigga there, rip stu stirer tu stupac, mamas boy.
the way leads me to brazil and newyork, chang tzu, you'll never find a nessy in a zoo.
los angeles will rise to be the capitol of earth, it will have holy sons and daughters. like a roe from the hand of the hunter, monroe, proverbs 6 5 dreamy days la la le la. come what may, may queen monroe marry.
mohamed is my team, and he is my side not yours. you will learn this terrorists.
no bee is the holy koran. pbuh!!peace be upon the warrior?ha
fear the real muslims NO. fun dem YES. muslim=music YES. bee is in the bible, the qwueen bee is the dj, big up dj kalid
i am christ but also the anti dote the anti christ, ant anti sant saint, proverbs 6 6 go to the ant.
big up the latino hotties who speak english. translator to manager 3?
los angeles is the city of angels, jenifer lawrence is a young angel for example. thje likely HOOD is i will be a well paid angel. doug dough 7 18 drizzle for shizzle snoop. scandalous
it says los angles, that i will avenge the spilled blood of MY servants, and listen to the groans of the imprisioned. word of god, california and miami.
big up l.a, los angels city, the franciscans are your niggas, i have the los angels version of the bible it says=
your not gonna riot atlanta, chicago did, charlotte did. your dealing with a future villian, when we riot the king must see. atlanta
who wants to sleep, it wastes 8 hours of my precious time. sleep=poverty
late night fagots?smoke cigarettes to help you stay awake.
@HuffPost yo, mary poppins is dead she died tonight of a staffacockolus infection, cock thing!!!!
big up chapman and gerard, gk looking stush. big up carol carney, yankey and the hot arses, competition is coming womens football, man u and totti are on it, arsenal domination will end!!!
the version of the bible you should be reading, you should own, the foudation bible is the King James. oxford uni translated it who are fucking smart.
i own the new jerusalem bible, the official bible to nyc!!!!!!
type tyre or tyrus into https://t.co/RSrKe8MMvb  and read=nyc in the bible
tyre tyrus sour=nyc, the bible mentions newyork, it is also hell in the bible. the bible is basically a tasle of two cities, london to new york
@ErinBurnett you love dogs?scruffy
gloria=glory=rory, exchelsisa=chelsea ss sentryscan sensex, pimping aint easy?is indian pussy cheap?tax that pussy=dough. purify that pussy?how?i know a way, sin zin hin hind du dug
im a big microsoft bull, fuck apple, i back microsoft, word to excel. ci ous
@RonWyden @realDonaldTrump we need a nhs, fuck the cost.
im probably in charge of money for nasa in the future
who am i in star trek?im captain dunkirk.
teleporting will be invented in the next 200 years
elon musk is a don. heres under fire, we must back him
big up the illegal download crew, robin hood crew, pay for music, ha sod that!!!!!doug=robin of noah nottingham
fuck the cia im guardia civil, putas
fuck the gypos weve got doug lenny and andrew. you beat a trained doug gypos?
big up pakistan, i may buy hore off you for 5 years.
shout to chuck norris rip, big up seagal, big up the navy seals
@GCHQ have you got sufficient funding from the governs?
big up the knights templar, online interacting connected, i would love too join your gang.
@CNBC i like hadley, shes a asset, smart and beutiful, good combo
@PiperPerabo @FortHaysState @UniverityT @univmiami @ohiou @IdahoStateU @riponcollege @schoolwalkoutUS @AMarch4OurLives @CarnegieMellon @50milesmore keep on banging the fucking drum piper and it will rain.
@PiperPerabo @FortHaysState @UniverityT @univmiami @ohiou @IdahoStateU @riponcollege @schoolwalkoutUS @AMarch4OurLives @CarnegieMellon @50milesmore unless it a fix
@VogueParis @KendallJenner cris de burg, lady in red?
willesden mafia=rising sun crew, big up the hinsley crew, tough nuts. we claim annette
the rising sun pub, will merk the cricklewood crown pub, ira suck my cocky.
@susannareid100 your big, i back you, big club, the african gyper club, palace bup
kensington housewives, sloane barroness, big up your chest
big up espana, i' ll help you finance, how much is a child worth?
rewind for east london, but west end girls are mine, dig?
vlad=lad=blad=bladder, big up the bexy crew icf dino and gang. hooligan 69erz, east boys and west end girls?
the kgb runs russia, bup, your doing a good job, sanctions america, ha, we shit on your sanctions. putins dick, a dictator basically, maybe a demi god on a horse?&lt;&lt;dimple smile, puta, right lad.
i will take a job for cia, they do want me but so does kgb and mi5 and those lame sad mfz. i will be a spy but for which team?
god does exist, trump is an angel of america. there are many angels, like beyonce or genifer lawerence, they all including trump know dsx and im pritty positive the cia is scoping me amonst others.
dont doubt it, britain is chinas best friend not russia america or whoever begs friend.
big up japan, but i dont live in japan i will live in china, ha bud dubb ha
do not doubt me china, i am the sage of the west, the guru of england.
big up the chinese christians, i am a christ, i am in the bible, i am a young buddha, i have been to chinese temple and had a meal with the chinese mafia.Chinese mafia is all around me, they are willesden they are sunrise, empire of the sun. i will rule the forbidden city one day
my destiny is big, i will be cia aswell mason illuminati and an american citizen, dont doubt me. i am the sage of OUR generation
i will also be pope, and the first thing i'll do is make woman preist legal.
i didnt want trump too win, one suspects even with hillary trying too lose she still one, fix election, america opted for a financial theocracy. trump =finance=levites tribe. i will be president in a next life and fix anything he breaks.
things to look forward too soon=day of dead(party),haloween(for the kids)and remembrance day and crispians day and christmas is coming, and hopefully snow. so things to look forward to.
my twitter is filtered by god, twitter is owned by god, its hard contact me, keep trying
is gina haspel media shy?carry
paula is major hottee, are you gay sucking up to tony, im on paula fuck tony
big up mona and yousef and all the numerous shore staff paddies africans ancient fighting the good shore fight.
it is last days, dug last, theres nuff angels coming to earth, no revelations war, more of a slow invaision. the world is reforming and we all have a part to play to help it. find out what your part is.
you are a product of your enviroment more than you genes, so take care of the enviroment, that includes your bedroom, decorate, put things on the wall, be clean.
@GCHQ @bletchleypark churchill was a don
not much news at the moment, terror low in west.
big up the guardian angels especially the women that love. we do it for the children
everyone will to gaudian angel someone on earth when they die, word to god. its long and boring, i want to avoid it.
give doug some more land
give israel more land un?
@MeravMichaeli i am israel, i am noah, we should be angleing for more land are country is small and were mulliplying. madagasca?
@MeravMichaeli i am noah, follow me, israel the man=noah
big up the cia, wheres mi job offer?
@clarissaward bombs in the pipeline, well you found a target and are on map/radar now. well done, now the cia are watching you, rebel rouser. cutey
@MeravMichaeli i am israel, follow me.
@shakira your ver popaular, shake it, boom shak attack
@kaminajsmith @caricom be a makavite and ceasar power, go girl.
@GCHQ @GlosCathedral @PoppyLegion papa
@Ishawna black is back
big up stormi kardasian and brents nw northwest, kim k, envy jealousy haters, suck cock.
what up japan, big ben tells the time yo
sally fields bup
Tammy Diaz, one to watch, dont be tight buy a bag and follow her. renay russo bup bup
have no fear of russia or china, the big nations are currently united.
pig animal farm napoleon=doug orwell 1984 the met is watching dummies 42 ect.
big up the met?maybe im booby on the beat?maybe. pig scum.
@NYPD_HOLYNAME what are your words worth, i am not worthy to recieve you, only say the word. yahway highway to hell, where i will dwell with god. she belongs in the kitchen.
@BeckyQuick @peterschack becky with the good hair, trick or retweet?
big up the vogue crew, i have subscription to vogue england and france and i will get one for italy. it is a great price, if you listed on the ftse i defo buy stock. vogue infinite
@GCHQ gcse=gchq, code and chips, micro mac 11. did you merk diana?if you did i cocurr with that. a nigga in the royal family?are we downing with that?
big up the royal navy, shes one hell of ship, you should be proud, with her we'll merk the argentinians if they step
big up space x, mission to mars
word of god=bible, if your a sage like farra kahn you know that YOUR bible changes, and gives you the word of god. i own 30 bibles all differnt versions, they are all different, word is very important. in the beggining was the WORD, word up y'all.
dsx=dislex ic
i have been blessed by jesus with a holy spirit, if you see me dance on vpn then it is not me it is my holy spirit who loves to dance, napolyian dynamite=doug!!!
@GeoffCutmore future governor of the bank of england?you could do it g, ez job?
big up carthage, ghost city, your with me, nyc
big up the mods
doug=carlito, carlitos way, dope movie, better than scarface
emma whatford garage crew bup a41 niggas
its all good in london, quite quiet no terror, getting chilli
whats next for skepta?
im part yid, yid means yield and we the marching band dont yield 41 stav
bishop coutney mclean, is splitting code, he is a very hot prospect and is 10 years before his time.
big up mossad
@carlagugino carcase, put on some weight, i suggest doughnuts, men dont like marga gals
stupidly in love with dug, stupid girls bup
i am robin hood, noah of nottingham uni, who is batman?
kingdom vs kingdom, hood vs hood
i am confirmed catholic, one day i may be pope, in a next life
i am the jewish messiah, their christ
i am israel, i have a big family and many tribes
i am the the beast in revelations, the lep beast
i am the ant, i am the wolf ,i am the leopard= and a wolf of the evenings shall spoil them, a leopard shall watch over their cities
do eat with italians uzi weighs a century
killer beez
doug looks like bee in his headphones, maybe hes queen bee?
big up the pink crew, undeafed, pinky stinky stench
noah=nottingham uni, it is last days, no big war, just god slowly invading earth. jah=joan=dougs kingdom comes down. charlotte i see you chicago i see you.
vodou=dou=doug
you can do what i do lauren hill?
fuck the muslims if they test the west. i will exterminate them, word to god.
fuck apple fuck tesla but not space x, die
obvoiously people want me silenced and dead. i am a threat to power and the applecart
click mac geeks raising hell annonomously
@GCHQ at the end of the rainbow you find au79
rise and shine nyc time to jux with dug
big up miss thermo dynamatite MC
and light skinned gal,
if your a white chav bitch, you belong to me.
fcuk the cia, if you dont want me.
dsx/dug is signed up too the luminati.
the french call mew dugala the britch army call me dougal. i prefer to be called doug
i have a mark of my existance on earth. cream mate me bury autopsy, suck me dry vamps.
kensal crew bup, churchill daughter brunel nic naks i ties beljams gypscy kings, rita quarter, magda bagda big tits and fake dealths. even the ash crew
Friday, 2 November day of the dead, i celebrate it, drink up fiesta and visit too my graveyard, god willing?
trick or treat geeks, i'll take a romanian trick, haloween soon, trixie bup crew, all husslers and those fucking dirty napoli women. carvani ha suckers ugu bug gostose?
jesus is smart and very well educated, he has children in heaven.
shout to jungle,no girls?
given gods grace, you dont need sleep, but take it if you can get it, sleep=pleasure, bare nessess
@susannareid100 good morning susanna
big up pamela anderson, you dead lurgies
too be honest im oldschool america, great depression, old wall street and old good time holy wood.
i like you cia
i fucking hate annoying americans, what do we do with them?
guilani was the man?
crime is big time down in newyork
stabbings in london has calmed down but still upsets me.
queen leshar is dissing me?
fashion=nuff girls, im a bull fashion.
twitter is blocking me from getting vogue tweets. twitter is a god owned company. vogue infinite, worth a subscription?
pace is exciting thanks too musk and others, a colony on mars would be hectic
look 500 years ago the earth seems huge, now its fucking small, space seems vast but maybe in 500 years its smaller. space is not infinite, its probably a miss marble.
the earth is round the moon is round the planets are round, redondo
thess=chess lon loniands london, thessolonlonians, new test =chess london.
we'll be pleased to get our chess pieces back too london.
bed time los angelles, no sleep party drugs and blow, no jobs, low dough?ma ma ma, you married him not me rod
https://t.co/Y11tlVcIx7 dsx has a general do you?
umpersom too doug?
but really im the more powerful queen in chess. pawn becomes doug?
i am the king of twitter?
@INTERPOL_CBT @INTERPOL_HQ @CanadaFP born identity im interpol polar bi bible
shout to l.a and miami. tu live bup
bi bi bi tambonita, come on rich mfz . help a london girl out of the closet bum bye bye
alice mclean is nyc twin city, apple of the eye. uzi mac 10 mac 11 5 lugar barreta, ive got guns, and armed cocked. SPRING BREAK whoz down?
the key to energy space travel is probably nuclear energy. oil does run out, we switch to nuclear space ships
big up the gaelic celt crew
witches lust me, there fools stu pid women. cultivate vate vat hex x xp dsx
prophecy geek hackers, i will let you hack the white house oval office when im president
feeling tired cia, try fucking an elephant thats tiring, fcuk the cia im gonna join the kgb
i prefer sex with with condoms, i am the bag lady
big up mona, why you ditch me?
warning to god, bomb frasnce and we get you back
https://t.co/AUaoBof27G
ever you are zeal, blaze.
zeal crew bup
theres a few cities in heaven that are mine, like zeal, snapple zion 5pillars, and new tokyyo
rap city is dope, i will buy property there
rap city, orbits me.
i tend to keep  it nigga music, its the best
thats weak shit
i merk the rolling stones, pretenous preachy prats
the beatles are way overt rated, pop fagots, i merk them
music is my weapon, music is my army, art of war.
i am the winter lion, i prefer the cold, ice isis 88.4
music helps me, it lifts me
my record no sleep staight is 30 days day and nights no sleep.
coffee to stay awake and also flavor, sweaties. dont skip breakfast if you havent slept
smoke cigs, it helps you stay awake, all the big niggas smoke
im the king of music, right?dj dsx?
https://t.co/RUXE5q3hSt help this bitch get rich, buy a bag
im also king of music and soccer and women
big up zeta jones and layer, all crew all polars and skitz niggas. i am king of crazy, word
british polytics is wack, i prefer american polytics, dead presikdent too represent me.
thomas is vain, but so is izbell dugs dog.
big up the paperratszi. have you got any good pictures of me?image is everything, fashion is my agent. they will merk you legally or illegally if you mis rep doug or diss him, warning. i am the sniper pap;el pap. who is that sm,oking hot priest?&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;the world shall know!!!!
los angels, kim kardassian is a angel, she is l.a i am obviously gonna be l.a, if you touch paperazzi, i will kill you.
im a fucki8ng arthur pentagon nigga
america gave a fuicking mf loserr like me broke mf like me, a ten year visa, they want me, big up the cia
b ig up the face ew witches, your majic doesnt work on me, ive got jesus and the vatican, fucking fantasy football. galleri?davenport?ahhhhhhhhh coventry coven, you play?
big up roocky, shore shank nigga
prospect hackers, youy should hack him, hes cool
@Ishawna ahhhhhhhhhh shore na, big nigga. sucky rubber ducky. bath?im a fanta,
@Ishawna im not feeling you, i feed you too my dogs. are you clean?
@LouisFarrakhan im a dj, god is a dj mixer concrete sement. black power bup, do you need dough?
who the fuck is maria bartiromo?she bart fucking simpson nigga beast, big nigga nyc
maria bartiromo marry me?
buy ibm?
i am the sage of the west
stu art of war was a old book written just for me. i have decoded it. chang tzu is china scripture, buy it.
keep making music china, electronic shit, music can win the battle.
shanghai crew, i will be forbidden city. my home in time. china shall rise in science and the poor will be helped. dont fear trump, trade the markets, be smart, in out scalp it if dare. you should obviously own benjimin sysco scan.
jesus is coming?the answer is hes got me to take any fucking earth, so he might chill. i am one of his picks in draft. earths current mvp who america badly wants is me. e mc square new giddy walken landos mate=me.
&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;dimple smile&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
kiss kiss xx dsx xxx blow
kim kardasian is a cat, and shes in love with a k nine kanye?fake marriage. geeks i could marry kim if god allows it, shes game(you got the naked pics!!)so i wank a geek bitch, ahhhh just playing geek girls. you have to hire or share me is the only soluion. rent boy brentboy doug
the stock market allways goes up hyienas, take profits?sell tommorrow, quick scalp?dip low double triple quadruple dip=a depression, clouds clearing, nearly cured like brent!!!
big rebound on the markets bup
big up azells baby, big up azell, big up tamara williams, reunion when we got something to bragg about?
jenifer lopez is a origin of war, men will go to war over her.
big up cnbc and all financial twitters, weve made this site succesful, without us it doesnt work.
big up the gangster dem, book em dano
noah=nottingham uni, the floods have passed, i got flooded, big up the the robin hood gang.
@Versace hejab fashion, could be profit in it?
isis is my love affair
big up isis stupid biatches. ice 88.4, you and me are probably very powerful. all fair in love. big up dina big up liarna big kim k, on the isis egy hit list.
big up the vogue mash up crew, tweet tweet
big up the stupid girls who are in love with doug, stupid stu stuart
theres a very strong possibility that im againt human cloning, america can clone, god could do it years ago, george cloney the clone clune is a clone of a catholic priest, hanks too. gattica?watch it.
if you could clone, who would you clone fuck and marry?
@susannareid100 why did the bbc let you go?jealousy?foolish move, nice ass asset, a reason to get up early.
big up the american government under fire, can they last?levitate mfz=america is a financial theocracy. big up the trumpet
some of you signed for the army or military geeks, thats a wise move im obviously british army, you are very valuable assets, everyone wants to sign up computer geeks. there will, i prophecy internet warfare, its all ready started. big up the geeks fuck sleep.
shout to the geek girls, save your pussy for me, keep it tight, dont let those creeper geeks creep in, sex dx with x will be great, stay clean mclean, bits bytes ram. big up annoymous, yep merk isis or the taliban if they step and jesus will make you a mansion. linux crew
big up the sdionsus party crew, play hard, shout my dancers, strip nigga
brent, the british army does not yield doug, yids, they want me dead, me still living. i am a origin of war, dont fear death there is luxury in heaven awaiting you if you believe in christ. fuck the muslims i dont fear you. 9/11 payback. yep until were satisfied.
have you seen the arthur movie arthur a pimp?bup, doug=stu art=arthur, doug will set a fair price of punani.
rising sun vs the crown?
the financial crisis caused a depression, brent is cured of depression, london, world take lesson. clouds clearing, the simpsons soon follow, dough.
women are rising in the ranks, glass dug ceiling, africa is rising, theres things too be positive about the world, you can buy a good laptop for £250 quid in britain, which is incredible, its 2020 nearly, the future and drum and bass is in the charts, bup
virgins are valuable, but if your geek and ugly, go too a hoar, theres hot ones in madrid. i will legalize prosition in london in time. im with the hoars, king arthur movie arthur is a pimp. go figure
london is the capital of the world.
brentwuooood up to no good
orwewll pigs, thats some pig 1984 big brother is watching
you dont want war the pigs, be wise back down, submit to the authorities
big up the fbi, big nypd finest, we are pigs, if niggas know you did it the cops know you it, they are tracting you in heaven 42 and you will not get away with it, we are smarter than and have the moral law
@carlagugino benny from the bronx, that movie.
yeah, when is beyonce gonna tour africa?
shout to mona, and all park royal crew yousef omar good samaritans all crew colins crew all crew, fight it out for the holy land fight.
i will be a american citizen at some point, i will make us even more powerful, together we will build a empire, grace face lase las
im looking for a wife whoz rich, and buy me toys
i choose england over god
mighty=mit uni, bup
she sells sea shells on thec sea shore
the holy sea is vexed
i dont want or fancy becky quick?so
https://t.co/jHm0iDse0c argument web site coming.
all shadow warriors https://t.co/ON2f784DOP soe all crew. no sleep who wants to sleep?it wastes 8 hours of my precous time.
new city stupid girls, your not intelligent enough for doug and havent got the personality, romo is a man.
the bible is basiccally a tale of two cities. its about a man journey from london(purgatory) to hell(newyork) will they write off the bible, they'll try
im fucking bbc nigga shit dsx your bbc, yeah bbc beez 93.5 98.8 worldwide
dont fear nuclear, it is solution to our elecricity addiction. nuclear cars, nuclear boilers, minizturize nuclear?????????
space x dsx dmx constanine x malcolm x, xp allies. elon musk, elon london, hes are nigga, tesla may go private may, but hes backed by london, there gunning for him, fuck the haters, hes modern and will bounce back from your hate, don
@GCHQ @NCSC good, but you probably need a ginger fire wall. is it non smoking, cos i chug like a motor, i'll think about it, but the kgb honey traps are more appealing?sweeten the deal with a yat?gchq=gcse i have 10 a-c.
russia is in bed with nato, putin is fucking dic. big up the kosacs russias gypciews. big up the russia youth, my gen, putin is a demigod on a horse?
shout to the hawks, listen to grace and wait for the optunity to act, and seize the optunity ny ny statistics bx fx wall hat hate 42queens jersey shore crew harlsden lemons and all ny state. it can be annulled, but un=nyc so?that probably=me
big up fox, god is against you, he rebukes those he loves, firefox bup, fox viewers you should use firefox internet browers its the the best and fox. foxy lady is man, shes not even good looking she annoying but shes home.
there is a war over people/talent, fresh water, oil, space exploration and jobs, theres always a war over something. news war channel fox?for the medal of honour crew?
big up space x and virgin space. sentry scan may be a rival and partner to nasa. when im president i will fund and manage nasa, lets colonialize space. america owns the moon, nik nack pady wack and his cat.
big up the scalpers big up finance, the markets are fixed, so you cant make money?but on the plus there is a finance god. the cycle of america being the customer is changing thanks to trump, good. fuck apple fuck steve jobs die, fuck tesla
ibm foundation company, icon, too big too fail, dell adelle dell boy and rodney, i would buy dell stock if you got some exess dough that you want to grow, big up fxcm for a championship manager
if you want a investment tip, try buying staten island property, in the future i will live there, wall street will grow very strong and england will defect too newyork. buy ford stock and hold for 20 years its dirt cheap.
not much terror at the moment, touch wood
ants vs starship troops?
romania you better sneak into england wilst you can, how the fuck did i pass on you too starbuck, never let a good thing pass
romani girls are kinda cute
big up the romani gypcies, you had a man in the stronghold, bup fuck ireland
i fucking hate pikies
prositutes you are all with me and magdalene, will be super rich, i can cleanse you, pimpin aint easy. im intewrested in your stories, free be for king arthur the pimp, big up guy richie big up the pikies gypos
my twitter account is hacked. big up the vpn hackers, that dsx is kinda cute and not a bad dj, big up the geek girls, and boys, keep creeping on the girls, slowly creep in there heart. big mustang sally, computer scientist/gangstar hussyler
@susannareid100 if i were fat conroller, i would never let you leave the bbc and pay very well, you are the reason to wake up early, competent and fuuking gorgeous. why ever did they trade you out?dumb move.
@susannareid100 we should try and get the republic of ire to join britian again. have you got irish blood?
essex gash, lord of essex fuck you henrys bitch
big up the essex crew, brentwoooooooooooouuuuuuuuud
big up the foolish stupid girls, isis all crew,
i am big enough for you. not scared of the holy sea or me biatch?
there are nuff angels in america, at some point in time i will be an american angel, i will raise the poor, and try to make me and america rica
shout out to the 2nd life crew. there is reincarnation and they mostly keep it secret
if the queen dies, we have to show up at her funeral, she is a sexy bitch, and our generations queen.
there is a second life, so dont worry if you mess up this life,
look, i stack dough for retire, but who wants to be an old person, no errections no pussy dimentia ect. better to die young, so dont fear death, smoke and drink, and you can avoid being a sterile old person. work hard, play hard die young.
icf smilers all cockney hooligans, you will have a general. who fights
big the vogue crew, there blocking your tweets from me, i buy vogue, great value
the jews need extra land, when im boss i will give to them.
gold finger writers and editors smoking late night crew bup, huntos
beyonce likes bashment, big up mighty crown crew
democracy is dead, the america election was a fix, clinton easily won fix election, america isnt democracy at moment, sound the revelation trump trumpet.
egypt has lost market share they need dough
china probably inprisions me in the forbidden city. shanhai is a good bet. i go china, for a holiday every year, in autonm of 2.5 weeks every year prophecy. forbidden city is dougs future home.
beyonce wants to fuck and breed me
big up los angelles, city of angels, dsx's city, fuck the gta mfz fuck russia and jamaica if you think you can us, bloods dougs thugs slugs
salisbury crew, for petes sake promotion
azells baby rip, prospect, azells a big nigga, big up raymond, gustovo
big up the brazilians, fuck jesus you need dough 7 18
the cia likes trump?i think the answer is yes
god will bless america with riches, he rebukes those he loves, sigh
big up the brazilian cleaner bitches, do me favor mate.
its last days, god is invading the earth, its not a all armageddon, its slow gradual invaision, there is a god, trust me.
gchq are virgin fagot geek, im with the sad mfz saddle up niggas, time ride
@susannareid100 manger 3?you me and the river
drum and bass is a pop success, futureistic music suitable for the year 2020
i have smoked skunk at lords, bup maths
my italian team fc is napoli, fuck juventus, rome can get batty licked aswell, tribal house, friendly?
god likes soccer
league one looks like a tough league, come on ox plym., i will support you
a prayer for leeds united to get promoted.
i am also millwall, yep the lion club, we will be prem, prophecy
my team is now westham fc
they want doug
there is a chinese master plan, fuck japan
i own a chinese bible, essentially you are buddha but christian is fine.
the bible is near completion, israel dies?hope so. he should get a mansion, israel is not a nation he is a man he is me.
big up reedy, rushes and reeds, rip jah joan joanah, suffer the music you will grow too like it.
write off newyork?null void it?africa?
i am a young buddha, i am maitrey
doug does not take pleasure in killing. hes a pussy
big the pacifists, you are brave, doug aint a killer?maybe cos he does like killing, he takes no pleasure it, at essence he is peaceful, he is the pacifier?
big punk, you are wanted, there is a bounty on head, bx bronsbury bronx fuck ireish douglas bx mf
louise=mi5??????????phile on mom
big up twa, possible mi5 prospect
may god protect france not rebuke it.
big up omari and all londons dead
big up irelands foolish women/all celts and gay lords.
big up the isis gash, i am your bull.
i will fuck the kgb girls
paula bup
rory is the big nigga in whatford and west london, ghetto star, but how hetrosexual are you?
a41 nigga, whatford=london
it may go city states, london is strong, we dont mind if it goes that way, big up madrid city state?
big up the demons
women are rising, there is no glass ceiling
mama africa is the angel of africa, she will have me
big up mama africa, who do i marry?
big up amazing grace angel, you will have me too help you and some of my children. your stretch, you will have back up.
they want me dead, me still living, yids yield, we brent/london jamaica jews, we dont yield, 38 undefeated, bring it on, i dont fear death, kill me if you can
shout to sam dan and rowan and crew, you will come to my funeral?
the cia the cia is stalking me, they are face eeez
i could give up sex for access to the vatican library
beyonce is an angel, angels do exist
beyonce is into me, not dumb niggas, she has a good shot
genifer lawerence is a virgin
man u should never have sold ronaldo, hes a don. banger mistake by man u
big up bishop mclean
the maclaines have nuff prospects
beyonce is to muscular
beyonce hates jay z, i predict a divorce but they need gods permission and grace. fuck beyonce i prefer narfee
vogue infinite, i buy vogue, fashion=art=nuff girls
rubio or bruja?
bombs in the pipeline, coyote ugly?na coyote amazingly cute
ugly mf somalians infesting brent, your with me, born as a sufferer the eagle is a sufferer. africa is rising but we want double digit numbers. mog a dish ss sam
i bet furs in fashison this winter, i like fur
i only deal with kgb honies, so yats, you better learn english, the eagle is coming to you at some point
fuck the cia, im gonna join mossad
asturias libre
santander belongs to douglas and asturias
isabella and eliza bet, gang bang
big up the big mouth of cambodia
indonesia weather
https://t.co/trGhNFbfx2 i play this game, quit the shoot em ups and rise a rank, dsx is on the game
isis rules egypt at the moment?
george weah, bup, liberia is mine but i do have a job for you. liberia will rise. george weah don.
i look a bit like newton who looks like jesus. oxford claims newton fcuk cambridge, ox all the way. https://t.co/30IcfCpYf8
shout to all bi polar mad crew all skitzo and all mentally unstable, shout to lara, shout to louisa, madness is inflicted by god, it is not your fault, he rebukes those he loves, he will fix, carry layer darling budz!!!!
big shout to the guardia civil, if spain slits, we claim and finance you. with dough. asturias
women tennis players should get 5 sets, tennis listen to me.
@andrewrsorkin stick with cnbc, defect back to the new times when they have dough.7 18 bambi prince, bvig up your girls.
big up the lads boys crew, no woman no cry!
winter is coming, i predict snow in london
remebrance day is one month away, im looking forward too it, i love a live military ceramony
your fucking stab me nigga, brent nigga brent defense, yids we dont yield.
if you want to be british, now is the time too invade the country, brexit is coming soon, controled migration.
i predict the rise of madalenes church and the rise of saint Rita
neheh cherry is a brent nigga, we will her star shine brighter, big up the half casts, bob marley all crew.
big up the nights templar, big up the crusaders, jerua we war, we are israel.
music, saint cescilia should be a arch angel
i have a holy spirit that helps me.
the english god bombed manchester not islam
fuck the racists, its all about the rainbow country, all colours races and religions
i am a rasta man, we will grow, you will be able to join us soon if we do a website
big up martin sorrel uk mogul don
doug marries a geek bitch, well he likes smart women
i prophesize a big boy ireish football club will emerge
roy keane and martin oneil, dream team, mclean, fuck denmark, fuck erricksen, if i was you ire id keep the dream team, big up northern ireland
@GCHQ @TimetoChange here is something you cant understand=steel magolia
david milliban is not labour hes like blair new labour=conservative. fuck tony blair you time has been and done, what do you do for a living?
jo johnson for primeminster, maybe, elect boris, hell no
i am a young buddha
big up annonomous linux crew, merk the terrorists if there stepping.
all pirates, recruit all downloaders all bootleggers all real pirates old school ones, your with me, big up somalia
cia be finite, i will define what finite
man down, london terror attack was a trianig drill, manchester, england did it. we have it pretty locked, say a quick sign of the cross for france, who did france=god
chicago, riot posse bup vent, we aint marching were shooting
if martyar dom and 10 virgins motivates you to do terror,let me tell you the truth.There are no virgins if you do terra, muslim women mostly want me. mohamed is not as big as the antichrist, but i dont kill him, he is a bee and on my team, fuck jesus choose me when the time comes
the british army is the best in the world but not the best equiped
i take your wife army,
they want me dead, to silence my voice, but they cant beat brent defense
mi5 will merk doug if he turns cagey or joins america
i predict snow this winter
tersa may is doing a fantasic job, our economy is very good and will improve
i do brexit, have faith its the right move.
jeremy corbyn is bi polar, would the cia employ a bi polar really?homelands car case carry, would england vote a bi polar into power? i am bi polar, i am chief advisor guru too england.
@AlCaselyHayford @Moschino @ITSJEREMYSCOTT @hm @BritishVogue too big to fail?
https://t.co/jHm0iDse0c if you want to argue, or think you have a opinion quit facebook and twitter, and try this site, i am a member
mayson are welcome in my vatican
senrty scan is probably mason, i am sign up too the illuminati, they said they'll help me get rich, i hope so. mayson=maison=maitrey=mansion=me, i want to be officially maison but the government is blocking me.
i look like a bumble bee, in my wireless headphones, i am a bee b c
wakka crew abororiginals , oriel, alice strings, wak a nigga if hes testing, learn to read, create paradise in america?
muslims are music, beez are all those listening to my music, i am killer bee i am queen be. Sawm, swarm beez
5pillars crew , swarm?
dougs trolls
i am a troll, big up the angel trolls
taliban crew, bup, russia britain and america couldnt merk you, bup respecto
@GCHQ i have 10 gcse's a tu c, sign me up. im england through and through, god save the queens.
he leans one side, slouch, stand up straight.
who the fuck is that cool cat? https://t.co/Z7U5sgEbHS
all pacifist pacific capacy tribal gals and men.  where do you want to live? siberia?lomo mc bup. merked to be a brent nigga bup johah lumu, star https://t.co/pUzUoyJCfc
god does exist, hes a little incompetent, there is an after
all military wives, bup
army wives bup
stupid girls bup, we dont care what the job is. stay clean stay tight, pdough biatches. we oui mon shore. dummyies isis all crew all hopeless makavites all stu art stupid, gals
@BBCNews the bbc is getting big, at some point we can tell the government to fcuk off. pay fiona bruce well, star asset.
@HuffPost beyonce hate jayz. jennifer lawerence is a virgin, and doug is gay
napoleon was bi polar.
@TADOW901 @Napoleone7575 i am rap/hip hops napoleon reincarnated
big up the bbc, best of british
clinton, either get a job for the cia or mak it too power.
@KimKardashian ging gang google,
i love carla guinos tits
@carlagugino @flynneve @flynnpictureco your a star a-lister, fatten up dont be a cow that eats grass. yor way yarway myway, milky way. the milky bars are on me, but if you prefer dark chocolate, maybe bounty cocnuits or snickerrs snickers, im your marathon man.twirl nigga
ban the buerka NO, a nuns habit is basically a burka, so strip the nuns aswell as the muslims, thats a NO for me. i like burka fashion
tambonita bags, buy one and help a bi polar gal.please
@GCHQ @TimetoChange sigh my belongs to another. word on the wire is im a dead man, well 38 undeafeated and threat to power. protect me. prayer.
sandro is internation quality, and keep training, i will buy you for constantine fc cock gunshot favella flavor. guarwarna
buy british, britain products please.
@susannareid100 your a big success on itv, the real bbc does want you back, rival, takecare , doug
2nd women prime minister, who deaded it in parliment today. you have brents vote, mayday mayqueen amayzing, women are rising.
michael is the god of war, he rank arch, he will follow my orders to the tea.
its 1,35pm london time, big ben tells the mf time worldwide,
crazy weather, god exists, he rebukes those he loves, he loves america
amazing grace is the angel of america. say prayer to her and ask for something, a boyfriend or whaterever, she is listening and will do her best to help you out.
@ahmetdo94781288 @Napoleone7575 @berkayb20318387 jungle hyding pussies
the world is improving, it is getting fixed, we all have a part to play, find your part.
the key to renewable energy is nuclear and sea energy, fuck solar fuck wind.
@Ishawna fuck that shensea bitch, your bigger and badder sister, hiss t-tiss bite chew
@susannareid100 i hope your footie team doesnt get relagated
fuck the cia i gonna join the cagey killer beez, from russia with love. honey trap killer bees swarm.
an architect only needs 4 hours sleep
sleep is not what i want, you snooze you lose the war. how long can you stay awake, my record is 30 days and nights straight no sleep. coffee and cigs help me. i dont do drugs. sleep is the cousin of death, and it tends to poverty.
big up all the hacker girls, i am cute, and you do have a chance of being my girlfriend. i am single and looking for a wife who is hard working and smart.
my twitter is obviously filitered, keep trying to penatrate my fire wall.
@blackstone prospects vs iran
salisbury attack was a fake, kgb are in bed with mi5, putin is a bit cagey, i look forward to seeing the bear live on tv. from russia with love, lex dsx luther, goldfinger crew, villian, dr noah nottingham bond
@MCaruso_Cabrera @WhiteHouseCEA @SteveRattner @CFR_org come work for the bbc, apply, they probably give you a job, star host caruso with the nice breasts, beach babe, intelligent woman, bbc quality
the world western is relatively quiet of terroism at moment, locked down, god bless france, i hope it continues
@FLOTUS nice hat, we dont trust you, usa bup nice hat
big up the trump girls, you are repping, keep repping, keep connected
i effect the weather and the weather accepts me, ha ha louise
nuff huricanes in usa, buy home depot and construction american stock, i will change the weather in america rip new orleans
the bible says i go new york, they probably make me king, but steel, cali is los angels city of the angels , so i might go there, gta estimated time of arrival. unknown, depends if any of pussy clarts manage to merk me, sigh cia, i know your plotting
is the a book of love?can you force love?reciprical love
nicky haley resigns, from un, shes a tough bitch, bye bye miss american pie
fake news started in ww1 where propergandi was big. news controls public opinion, and the government does like to.
raibow country=england, ALL nationalities and casts. rip luther king. black and whitew unite, facism, right wing is rising, we have to dead them. klu klux clan get hic up and choke on water. black is beautiful.
vanity prevents insantity, be clean, care about your body and how you look
africans have shit hair.
big up green peace, murk the fracers, we are a product of environment, more than our genetics, so take care of the world/environment. i am against wind energy but a major optimist on sea energy. dont fear nuclear
double digit gains, buku back pay, we want our shit back, fuck china if you exploit africa, we will invade spain and aiden, propecy, au 79 nazi gold mine.
africa will rise and burn, when its on fire, it probably is a signal that ww3 is near.
i do want to change the world, and i am and i can and you can just by thinking. meditate clear your mind, and think good thoughts. if there good thoughts, god will make them happen, but he might not pay you for it, have a opinion, have a solution for the pollution
i am islams profit when all runs out, mohamed is with me. i choose mustlim women, big up afganistan women. berserka
indian women are very beautiful, they probably rape me. dont hate pakstan they are good.kill muslim indians, i will wipe out muslims from india, fuck allan. always study, pakistan is not that muslim they are doug. prositutes are fine geeks, i approve there use. bag
gandi=ganda, brent goose, golden goose that that shits golden children=me
india more powerful than america?could be but they need a sage/profit/leader/advisor. fuck gandi choose doug
big up the indian bhagavad crew. bhagvad means war, probably a war to win me. we can help the poor with dough, hindu=hindug. i obviously marry one of your hindu gods. im a better sage than gandi, believe in me. im young, im poor like you. we will all be rich, and a global power
fools ball, good one isis, doug=fool
i will help the poor of america in the future, all niggers
im a bull hyper loop, its transformers, someone needs to invent teleport, it will be invented in the furture is my prediction, so invest in hyperloop?
@susannareid100 i think your more bbc than itv, you deserve to live in a palace.
big up the chinese hacker crew, autom floods, you will get me, probably. china is willesden mafia. cheng
peace in turkey?hope so. licky bom bom
rip carol shaw, this is my hood these are my people, i do not yield brent totti bup
@SpaceX well done space x well done elon musk, your moving the world forward, inspiring as you go. build a company that lasts and youl,ll have me as a aly, space x dsx xp dmx conx malcom x kiss xxx, all systems go.
spanish gypsy gal, god weaves dreams, maybe, you never noah. tanya is rising bup
big up the neasden lion. hutch i guess na?
the crown is making dough, bup, but dont test doug and the hinsley gang, we will fuck your mother&lt;&lt;&lt;well doug will and shell love it
shout to sally, and the woverhampton crew, premiership!!!shes a love rival, outside backside shot.
@USArmy army is the tougher than the the navy and airforce, im with you, rough tough
@KamalaHarris ancients love feathers!!!
@KATVONDbeauty @Refinery29 shes too marga
@FLOTUS well done melania, bup
bad british
come and steel me, im not against it , the change in scene would be good, muslims russia america whoever
haspel dont be shy, fake bitch
if world war 3 happens, its likely to start in the middle east.
africa will rise america will be rich and vibrant.there is enough of me to go round.war
noah=nottingham, the flood has been. a rising tide lifts all boats. is america worth saving?our generation inherits their dept. https://t.co/SzWZ4urTwy
i hope my papa dies soon. a better life awaits him, god can fix him, he can fix the broken can. to brand you, bath to cleanse clean scrub rape seed hor frost bubbly, one on one
we made it this far into life, i ve got a price on my head(but would welcome dealth)but my holy spirit does not yield, yids fuck the cia, fuck the queen,fuck a duck, fuck africa, fuck myself?
then god blew a mf horn in heaven
mac=hells angel, god of the journey
the crown pub is making squilla. why did the ira bomb there own pub. ira=mcgoverns, dougs local
brazil election,
what do you think romo can du?, flower power, daisy age, manager trois, tree is the majic number, doug=3 e mc marma duke rip. chew bubble gum?
grey day in london, bet on the grey, it might pay. newman fantasy&lt;
@Oriel_Morrison @Qantas waka man, aussie covict country. austaralia=englands paradise, do the maths
anna or ear cas, hot prospect, possible princess rival, trasst stav isabell pecain Yoooooooooooooooo
chusa, dont be shy, kiss to kill, you wounded me. nice tits
christmas on its way, i predict snow in london and isis cigarettes
i am autistic, big up roland fambo, mariah cares?she will help. war wants her.
big up damon dash
beyonce hates jayz word, she wants a divorce, i see a split, jay z is with us brent.
big up sam estarbury and crew, your have grown good. well done, its hard coming into the lions den. colo bumba shak?
tthe cops and robbers are partners, big up the orks, but im dunkin mcleod the doughnut doug, im with the nypd, technology advanced police force, embracing technology, bup
dsx space x dmx xp constine x, kiss xxx
in the event of a nuclear war, not everywere  gets destroyed, if this happens my new country will be brazil or greenland. emc duke
muslim women rise. we run the future islam with the general. iran bup
if you bomb or terror london or newyork you will be tortured and die, we are not the enemy, dont be missguided. cia smoking keeps you awake, be finite.
london and its twin New York are holy cities like mecca damascus. london is the capitial of the world.
shout out to the kgb and russian mafia and kossacs, russia is united, be careful of my generation. from russia one day with love. anna all yats translators and honey traps , bup. spiders trap, web war
big up, annonous, keep trying too merk apple,
fuck mosad, i'll merk mosad in ufc, chuck liddel.
midterms soon, can piper and crew win?democracy is dead. the clinton trump election was a fix, clinton won easy.
have they released oscar pritorus yet?don
the gays are skilled
i am homerphopic, but a bit batty obsessed, bear nessesities, gai's are welcome in my church and flock. try not to be mine camp
@carlagugino @Comic_Con @TVGuideMagazine @DAVIDKOMALONDON @brigittemakeup @netflix @_haunting gwen tonic =bubonic, champ
rise like lions in slumber, bup bup millwall.
communism is nearly dead, big party when its deaded?
america has nuff potential
sky owns comcast, dont get it twisted
i buy vogue, i would buy stock in vogue. Fashion is just an extention of art. get mash up
kim kardashian works for the vatican, they can clone and photoshop her. she and her crew are smart, finace chooses her. i want a clone kim for a friend
essex brentwood crew bup
buy ford stock its fucking cheap. tom ford
death to apple, use blackberry or samsung. phones
i will be east coast usa, weary tired  bossy wassy.
bc crew
big up the ancients
i may be back that fucking Y
big up shore, and pine, big up somali mona and dhriren and anyone fighting in parkroyal. big up the staff, dont ban ss cigs
big up roland
big up colin. biggest cock in nw. prospect
christ is the pimp. dealth to all pimps, hoars belong to me, mayfair dreamer. trade women but not men. pussy river, dina cant cook, but she got the look, best of the bums, leath has got a punishment coming, so too rod. and a fair few niggars, the english white trash is mine, xavi
i will be married more than once say, nuff gal is good but bad tactics, big the ride or die bitches. women can be cold. they can be violent. alls fair in love but not war, we give up. man love?
a black african wife is probably a good prediction for me.
rachel yankey is connected to ghana, hopeless ghana. you dont know about jedi africa, your not jedi, but f=ma-ma.????????????
gypsyies why did you hit me, with a cheap shot?
jay z is ok, hes one of the crew, big up dash, marginal gains, efficiency, bit of something, and hussle. money=women, from the bottom bringing up prospects and helping the children. annie are you ok. retch to rex, princes keep the view.
irish women and scotish women are hungry, feed the dogs instead of yourself.
monguls will rise and rule to tings chings
america will clear its dept. i am aqua man. https://t.co/vhG4VtqnJk
yep we merked it at https://t.co/Y11tlVcIx7 we are emporer selass the first. they maninfested. nigeria i see you.
there will be war over me. i will be president and pope at some point, in another life when ive studied some MORE
the big countries, china russia america are at peace with each other. russia is eupope and nato, one suspects. vlad lad blad bladder bex
they have found a cure for aids, its just a question of drug prices, it seems less and less of a problem these days. keep that pussy clean scrubbers
rip paddies dad. love is blind, wake the fuck up. fists.?
comunism is nearly dead, it is flawed. party in america when its knocked out?well a drink up and victory cigar, cuba will flip and kim yong is already flipping. china is coverted and so to russia, i will where the cap. breil
sigma alpha beta, pledge your fanny to mai. wash that tush. scrup the floor. dont mope, sunny side up. un
i you hooked and tired cia?boo hoo, face  e's
i would fuck this picture, serious &lt;&lt;dimples disarm https://t.co/gXHNOoDxgV
im not a bad artist ausist
the best artist in the world is david hockney. cat von d is interesting and maybe the best female artist, im intrigued
roland is right, we are famine bhlood. sunrise soon, governers koss, cats bup, telisa bup
france, god rebukes those he loves, together we'll suffer regret, we?
hiv niggas
russian mafia i respect you, but dont human trafic or you will get a dose
riders hoars
lara mclaine, hot prospecrt possible arch angel,
outlaws are dope negroids, word to poppa
i am illuminati, bup
i am a bedroom general, i live with mums in pavillion. crick, its over and out tu mine enemies, im not killer, im not cold im WARM
one day i will be black, hopefully blick
sam saw eye, fuck china
mongolia will be rico, theres plenty of dough for them. mingers quack, slit eyed ugly mfers chi chi chinese. tzoo chang, confused usa?cuss
we merked the masons, bup germany and crew	. big up the somali pirates, i will give you aids
im a sinner, i go to hell,
animal kingdom bup, you win the first battle
lock off the jedi?ha, i am jedi, you cant kill me, jedi will rise again
allies are pussy, from the slow stain waiting
bless me
test me?
masons dont worship the devil, in my church(vatican)they are my brothers and misters. fuck the illuminati(i am a member, they said they help me). finance is not, i repeat not mason, but music and movies are. i am bafta
love is  a more powerfull force than hate, measured in Newtons. iam something without love, for sure
fxcm has been banned from america, currency wars. fxcm is a brand or company i would like to own. fuck the fed.
thunder cats the movie, coming soon, cricklewood=holywold/holly=oly=olive. thunder cats are cool, im cheetara the flexible sexy bitch.
https://t.co/RSrKe94nmJ the bible is a code. noah=nottingham uni, =robin hood which is me. dunkirk lenton possie bup bup cream
https://t.co/Y11tlVcIx7 for the gerenal levies. war god does run that site and is watching. try it risk it. look for dsx on the game.
trump is a lier, there is fake news, he creates it. history is full of lies. i am the truth. popa ganda, proof . thessalonians=chess thess, london. we are the strongest city on the planet, but which ever city wins me, mit(e) be the capitol. i am bruce spring, i am the boss
paul gazza the star gasgoine, i will keep you on my payroll. england please please fund him, tottenham sign him up, for fooks sake
vogue night niggars, bup
fox viewers, look we wanted clinton, but trump  is ok. the negroids back trump, and he is a levite, basically, there was no democracy, and we have have a finance THEOCRACY. vote doug when the time comes. we have great potential. levities=finance=telev=fox biz news. i am a fan
music will be a arch angel, if things pop off, and even if they dont. i will promote them
united nations need dough, vatican or united nations, thats my choice, which one?
the jester rules at the moment in my life, you want to know where were up to in the bible, jester=estair=esther, he is funny. god has a masterplan, which is me e mc,
i love pakistan, they are allies to he, la hore, karati bhagavad
i am catholic, i may be pope one day, every knee shall bow, india will listen to me, dealth to indian muslims, hin hind hindu dug. the bhagavad war has started, choose my team, we are devillish.
carthage will rise. cathage london newyork luanc salisbury. city vs city, fuck rome.
sky bought comcast basically, im a bull satelite tv, im a bull sky. sky=god company, sky is bigger than fox, big up the cnners sinners. bc fans and anc hors.
prophecy=i will legalize prositution in London, bringing light to dark places.
gisele is sentry scan, big the masons and trades men and women, ho ho vo gue dou
the cycle of money flows will hopefully be changing is changing, america is fed up of being the customer, we suffered a depression, the hangover is everlasting, marginal gains, injector.
french resistance, bup bone bone moan and groan, aly le cock allies le blues
@GCHQ big up the bicycles of s&gt;O&gt;e, its good to share the pussy. keep it clean, vasa constance bin bine dot dote dash. england before god. aly ptus puss eucharist. smoke cigarrettes to help keep you awake. work in shifts shifty, back mayhem may.
vanity prevents insanity, take care of your body, natural natti women are the best, minimal makeup. vogue for life
communism is nearly dead, thank fcuk for that, its flawed. rise cuba
piper peribo, women, your doing well, shorely the governers will listen?women must bang that fucking drum and get gods attention. coyote ugly, you are mine. i'm listening.
africa will merk it, if they dont get dough.
russia will have possession of me at some point, probs petersburg, i will rule russia at some point in time, the big powers are united, dont fear a trade war, fuck putin the dictator fuck china if your chucking it.
i will be a american citizen
we have wonder woman, say a prayer to amazon grace, angels do exist, god is watching. beyonce is a angel and jay z is tu, i think they really above all the bullshit media HATE each other. https://t.co/8Q2n4TIZTB
alice mclean is a very very hot propsect, but she doesnt love me that much, but she loves usala uzi, unconditionall alot
i want to be united nations top don, listen to the un speeches for code, they are all, all doug, i am established
america gave me a 10year vis, they want me. sigh, say la v, my my5
tom ford is established, so am eye. well don ford, focus on fash, get mashed, die young, fuck old age!
aids hiv, is under control, cure found, be careful of stds, use a dom, dont fuck bottom without one. sudo despise sfzizer/ we are making progress on cancer, we can clock that with some trips to kim dashy kimo, ice, germ war.
ebola seems under control, big up the nightengails big up nurses, who needs doctors?
the blacks of america back trump, otherwise they would merk him and protest, no recent riots to report, trump tight, no diggidy no doubt.
jay z vs beyonce, word from above tells me they hate each other. how long does it last?i pedict a split, and dissing match me gente?who knows
aids is cured, im almost sure, one of those medical big boys has clocked it. its a question on price and who to save, aids seems less of a problem these days. but std are an issue.
africa is rising, we need to see fast grow, no long tings, no percrastination. ric wrath,every land of hate will burn, buku back pay. double digit 8 built egyt. egg run ran rain train. rebuild the budd, brush off the cob webs. bay obay believe, respect your elders held hold. day
fuck putin the puta. your women will melt like ice and become water for my bath beth. hubble bubble toil and trouble/rouble, sputnik niceen, begootten not made by god. profit enrich duke euc nuke, dont front, starlin astra dust toms and jerry. mosh cow vaca-tion?for petes saint
make no mistake, i am a tottenham fan, we r JEWS we du not yield, yid army. 38 yearsold/spreading like germ, mvp, we r the real Jews. The devil is my guardian angel. continue game. until death du us-hay part. kill me if you cansino, yourwey or mine?yahway shaytan. side with me.
fuck mosad, fuck a doc, fuck a clock, fuck y'all if you doubt me. im a peace of white trash and i say it proudly. xavier xav charles x man dsx malconm x space x xp dope.
green peace, stay ready, pick your fight, mine is fracking, i am bi polar, dont sweat the ice caps melting=more land and oil. we are a product of our environment. she shells sea swells on the sea shore, rip silly. oil seed rape is bad, banana skins for flux, ptus ptus euc allies
cia=cain=mclain=mclean, we will be effect efficient and a lean mean machine, micro manchines come in collections of mi5. fred esther fanny gash, stay articulate. stay agile, flex all jungle heads fin de sirman, tabernaqle
121 olive road, lively krew. blake make flake cream and cake 7 18 the women need there dough, and all it costs is dina. heal neel bow wags. sofa slouch. slags and bent mfz , i can cleanse you, bath brent.Potions stew solutions. solomon soliable. salt of the earth, whats it worth?
ss sentry 21 century, movies tv satellites, interior design and SOUND. watch this space, sentry scan isis systems, systemic.
chicks=chelsea gal, kensington housewives, sloanes and barroness. sirs. thats the way to du it, cnbc. gypsy dirty cunts, wake the fuck up. few jars later.
i want my cnbc!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!skys the limit, no doubt.
the jester is quite funny. a smile is infectous, hiv shiv aidan, sinners/cnbc ers/sufferers have patients, africa shall rise, and it will grow double digit. and we will send some niggars into space. and heal OUR wounds. nightengail, nik nike
jester=esther=the mf ing stairs i hate, how the fuck can those scandalous freaks du it. nic nike niceen creed, twice as nice, ice polar hiss sys eye//isis
bring down?p=iv lighting bolt au rain
p=hiv, p=mak uzi usala MCLEAN!!!!!!!!mac 11 says, family first, blood is thicker than WARter. love is conditional, but hay you cant tell me shit unless you got kids.
why doesnt the cia offer me a job, im single and smart and a cheap bi.
the cycle of america being chinese customer is in the prosess of changing. micro machines come in collections of 5. i obey rank, i do not shoot down the boss. i back trump. lets make the best of it. volitility is good. contentment is stagnant. noahledge is power.
the un hasnt disappointed, nuff code nuff props for doug, rael talk, read in between the lines and focus on the the word. i am a uniter. the un may become more effective in a polarized mullti later world.
mohamed ali is a killer bee.
muslims=music, search the koran and you will find the section BEE. i am the queen bee and the beez listen to my music. dont under estimate music, it can give you a real edge. mus lim limpio clean mclean. sunny side up. no salt, pepped with ketch 57 66 79 27
nasa is underfunded but inefficient with their funds. science is a reckess spender. i will domite space, along side nasa AND russia india china japan. sputnik sirius astra hotties.
i back elon musk, hes under fire, but he is a don. space x dsx xp. aly dope sh1t. i want to be like him.
got bombs in the pipeline. piper perabo, watch out trumpet trump. dog loose.
cia, i would love a job with you. i am a pentadragon and smoke and breath fire. i need a smoking friendly enviroment. remember a sage sage should be at the senter of the house. residents for presidents. in god we trust
piper perabo i want you
charlotte grey, pièce de résistance, narf bath?clean shine polish. licky bon bon down.
i am lott
born in queen charlotts hospital 79 born by a man in a suit. jesuits jesse jam james, figting on arrival, fighting for survival.
lot, charlotte grey fucks his tu dorters?kinky
rainbow nation, all species all colours and minorities. equal rights, limited biass, kie pie peace. mala x con x dsx space x xp, cross punjab knock out floored, champ. fair weather friends, flee when the wolf comes, ba ba black sheep, have you any wuol?
nasa retch rex x space. as we embark, set sail in the coming century. nic nic sput puta toe 79 27 31 41 51 kingshassa nasa, all systems congo. putchine, tea minus ten. start the ignition, blast off.
iran 79 tola puta rou. putting in the miles. walk skip sprint walk skip sprint. dougs back. i used to run, i am rain, i am ran.
rainbow sighted in willesden!, rainbow country, standard tings. cash is king, stay relevent, all crew. tudor is lit, shes a pick.
articulate art stu, rwanda is rael. relevent lev. money. au 79, sustain, stain=usala hundred century, even samaria! normalization norm.
articulate art stu, rwanda is rael
iran has put me in a good mood. real recognize real, ety terra pax
the real iran is not muslim. the real britain is catholic. i am arch, which means all religions, rainbow, all colours all species, leopardcorns, find the end of the rainbow and you find au gold 79, lots of riches and dough!!
rip cofee anan, i am UN i am am israel, iran  america and maybe we can du a deal. iran wants me, princeton of persia, norm boston cheers, i will acquiescely join them if america or the vatican dong body bag me. i like rouani, hes seems able.
lots of code, iran is rael 41, iran persia is stuck on the realness. persian princesses!!!!!they offer peace to you america, they INVITE you. real mfz, dough clockers, runners in the ultimate race. no dogs.i think iran is allies to me, and ultimatey im on the SIDE of the america
nuff code, iran is rael iran is 41, iran persia is stuck on the realness. persian princesses!!!!!they offer peace to you america, they invite you. real mfz, dough clockers, runners in the ultimate race. no dogs
nazi=nasi=stain//hittler=catholics?
the girls, the girls, the girls, the girls, the girls, the girls, the girls, sucki mosh mash flash, johnny cash, TOYboy rentboy stave/slave, julius dixxy, cagni and lacey. nazi=nasi=stain.
dr no, bond, noah goes to his maker.
@JLo bunker par minus -1, you need the wood not the putar, you need to make par to win the champ.
the air raid siren, is a revelation trumpet.
target sighted, bombs in the pipeline, coys
i just started, what do think one maria bartiromo can du?hind is weak, wonder where i can get a strong hind. sensex bagavad we jor
make no mistake i with the pigs the police, met nypd. they did a good job on shore, eriot gear was that nessisary?thanks for not tazering me, that would have a shook, jesus was killed by police?
shout to the french resistance, parle vudou englais?siv-our vu?, avec le regretta rain?noir soir dark ark. jeanne orlean mc lean. ici tudu lu late?
alle le louis aller allies the blue. le cocky general=doug, rap/hip hops napoleon. allies.
the unitied nations has started, check out trumps speech.
proud mary=doug
rory and andrew might be MIT. we stole tina turners nickers ss sentry sex scan sensex ibex quickie slam
rory and andrew might be MIT
isabella trash.
du=doug
whitney houston, how now brown cow. whit white house.
big willesden wheele keep on tina turning, proud mary magda keeps burns. alls fair in love but not war. we are EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEmc
@susannareid100 i like your legs
me a future president of the usa?
nuff prophets$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
hillary clinton is cia material.
there are so many hidden prophets out there. k-lash prodigy tupac pun cypress eminem jay, hip hope has nuff profits. trust
121 olive 22 ss sentry space. i dont want to change the world. lot fucks his tu dorters, tudor beth bath gate. brent
rainbow sighted in 41 willesden.
ir way and hay the honey may?, she just MITe, maybe, who knows?i hope she does. hay is worth something in a depression, and even in a great recession. yahwey grass grows free, god bless america. https://t.co/qn2MqFDIZr
big riddim, mum diss, they played on fox news, big.
eminem(mine) jay z killed it, prophets poets princes
renagade reneekay is gad.
rio is knife, mac the knife?????nine knives?fork is york as the letter Y is a fork. so new york means new fork, fork in the road. ask jay.
tire=weary=cansino=sour=nyc=tyre=retire=hells kitchen=UN, use the fork luke(lucifer), knives and daughters, do have the water, dribble?
Wherefore thus saith the Lord God; Woe to the bloody city(nyc), to the pot whose scum is therein, and whose scum is not gone out of it! Ezekiel 24:6/She hath wearied(tire) herself with lies, and her GREAT scum went NOT forth(july) out of her. lies=ligh=liarna light= tylia, SWITCH
nypd, the most modern connected police force, they've got the metal, pigs orwell, raps napoleon. doughnuts 7 18 doug, a fucking pig scum.
come on, see eye ay, lets see the new gal, post it.
iran attack,
running from=from=rom=rome, bad gal, lics
rakim kills it,U od og addicted, keeping it clean
india devotion desire delhi dell road path way. goose and ganda. brent
favellaz godd fellers
nina makes the favellas go?
no doubt adobe
sap, you were  excellent aswell, rael, data enterprize engage
orlando?microsoft bu bup
@CIA i hope your gonna put ginaz louise speech on you tube(please)
i thought the speech was at 1pm
carla gugino, carcase, maybe mex art just means your nyse not your not a hanger. lynch, brooklyn in house nyse noose. gu-oose brent
we are the crazy nation but were not cracy, thermocracy?
rod rosenstein resigns!!!!
le fonda=la toya!!!
napoleon dynamite is a piss take of me?cheeky
@melindagates brazos fuerte, good luck tomorrow, big brother is watching&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
ice fm 88.4 dj don digo on the ones and tu's, staylocked cia, playing the duttiest songs.
40 41 42rip, 66 121 8 55 ss 22. 3.14 93 38, 5 of 7, 45, 40-40 nine stat 27
@Brent_Council crickwood is brent and we claim hampstead heath swamps. killburn is brent, i dont care what they say.
@TOMFORD need a lift to the party?shook ones 42 sensi milan, fuck that, cheese and bread.
i am catholic, vatican domination. uart can cain maclaine mclean// sigh ay, are you listening, this song is current but from nottingham 1998
coyote ugly, i see you, bombs in the pipeline
i am raps napoleon, i am caligula, i am spartacus, dunkirk douglas
Smith &amp; Wesson willesden wild west
spells murder haspell?steel magnolia?
toe tagged
stain saint?
uzi=century usala?scan?ton=100=century=sentury
my covern is protected
@Moschino @ITSJEREMYSCOTT @TomPecheuxMU @MACcosmetics @MissPopNails @essie @WolfordFashion the girls, the girls, the girls, the girls, the girls, the girls, the girls, the girls, the girls, the girls, the girls, the girls. mosh.
@kaminajsmith jam and bread. a man cant live on bread alone, he needs stawberry jam. amunition is on the WAY. stay dynamic, Smith &amp; Wesson. unite.
ascending scan ss 21 century sentry space. britains answer to nasa?
pandoraz box???????/
artifical intelligence is not about robots, forget robot girlfriends. art intell is about searches and data analysis. it is being employed on the web where governments can use it like minority report. mine dig dug(i bet they use ai on your tweets with key words being tagged)
anna gallagher
susanna reid, big up reedy big up the tribe of joan. yes jah
lone ranger, ranger bup rip sam!!!!!
stu artful dodger, d'art tanion and 3 musicteers
union jack, onion faira jacka, jack it twist. lean on you benz
@HuffPost are you guys fresh?
miss dynamite, your large,
im the don at thermodynamics, charlize theron, isentropic.
romo doesnt exist?ok she does but shes a man?fuck queen elizabeth and hexing. i just got started, what do you think one rome can du?first maria now florence, so who gonna be the mother of my daughter florence?hurrycane harry cain. hurry shurry shur sure shore.
i cant believe fiona bruce isnt on twitter. she obeys the chain of command. do you want to see my art?
susanna reid is a definite signing and clone prospect. she is on my hit list. muse. if i am bbc, which i am, then i never let her go. whats up bb?
yes UN speeches, im looking forward to jamaica speaking. lets see if all the big guns, are rael real.(iran&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;)
yep i had a toe operation this morning(toe tagged)my toes have been causing my feet problems, hopefully the op heals me.
monday the UN has started, listen for code gchq
@susannareid100 you have a irish name.
@susannareid100 are you part irish?
what do think on romo can du?
big guns?, you cant do nutting, you cant catch me im the ginger brent man.
steel magda?olive, steel magnolia, bury me?undefeated, you cant kill me. what a mf day, shoe program nigga, playero.z
caligula caggi.
i aint a killer?not sure, would i get away with it?no
and i think it predicts my death in shore ward?
hurry=shur
Saian Supa Crew you big in my book but not louise. big up.
mama is a spy
honour to company you, ark spark dark. ten?
bataclan?
rip mac, missed
switch=me, what is it?its a nyc co-op company, switch=swiss
mr buddha?
oh i understand.
jam rock, me you, smith and weston in his possession, yam may?whoz stepping?
steel magnolia??????what does that mean?
stand=saint andrew?
@SarahPalinUSA i think you need a bigger boat, but i guess its nott the size of the ship, its the motion of ocean. make waves.
i was sectioned by force this year, maybe im mad maybe im bi. mad rid was where i became israel, mad magda manager. bear with me.
this one was truly section!!!!!some gal think them tu nice?isissssss hiss viper
lone ranger, &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;ha
witches exist (joan of ark is a witch!!!!!!)
i want to own the company BIC
trump is a trumpet in revelations, there are seven trumpets
dumb
sino can is only famous because shes on his wall, shes only a graven image theyve seen, shes too dump, na
hindu=sindug
the pop dog has to die soon. du-da
jah=joan=john=jonah, joan was thrown into the holy see this year to calm the waters, rip
either way im in scripture/alot of scripture other than the bible. so i guess that equals christo=richardson.
look, i could be the anti christ or i could be christ, anti-gou(doug)=old in spanish. old testement. christ is god?no christ is doug, which spells god.
yeshu sefer is banned right/tole//tole could be toe, toe tagger tomorrow.
bel and the dragon, i think bel is maria bart and the dragon is finance e.g mario draggi.
the ox will not plough with the ass. another joke by god/sex joke//ox=buey=boleyn//ass=melissa elizabeths pet project. they may plough together, in my dreams or if im really lucky.
dont eat pig, may just be another of gods jokes on the jews. zoe=soe=sow=pig, dont eat pigs, animal farm, charlottes web.
passover is something to do with soccer, the devil god baal in the bible just means ball, football/soccer. i worship baal from time to time, come on you spurs.
me i want grace and only god can give me grace. hail mary full of grace.  i hope the lord is with the, blessed ART thou amonst women, amazing grace, to save a retch like me.
there is more than one heaven, you can work for god or be a demon and work for whoever?which one am i?angel or demoneyia.
who owns https://t.co/nVsbDCs9g6 want it.
statistics is the future
i think statics like champ man, is the future for me, there is huge data bein g amassa and stats is the future in conjunction with artifical intelligence.
playing computer games for money will be legal, but not killing people for profits(medal of honour crew). champs elise, manager trois.
i patner qvc with twitter and do a deal. i buy out qvc=bexy quick, qvc queen. and i sell on twitter to the bread winner.
eBay of Biscay, devlin runs it which is an old champ manager name/gyper. its got alot of scope potential to grow.
ebay=bay bis cay. ebay is something i would invest in. i could easily double there revenue. buy stock,
i some years time, i start a computer games company. i will legalize playing computer games for money. prophecy. i will need some help doing this.
the devil advocate
florence will be a daughter of mine in years to come. baronio morfeo 3 5 2 wing backus. dmc teflon mac 11
i dont control the weather(yet). lord of rain will bring you riches.
i effect the weather and the weather effects me.
lonely london, i am a lone wolf, the lone ranger(range rover), dont xsweat it if your a loner, god is good he hook you up. im alone but dont feel lonely. you judge a man by his friends?well ive got nun. god is with you. trust.
america rejected miss dynamite, foolish she is a mclean. shes thermo dynamic
no dogs in a de race.
shout to the annonomous crew, oh yes pirates yes the rabbi, rob ieye, robin hood, noah nottingham.
we need a dynamic UN, show time, smith and weston in his possession.
you seen napoleon dynamite, but what does dynamite mean?probably dynamics=thermodynamics. 2./1
adelle you are on my radar.
ibm still looks like a good investment. 2 big to fail. i would buy dell boy and rodney if they list.
buy ford buy twitter it will pay off in next 20. be a investor.(have you seen the price of ford!bargain 2 big to fail?)
america, you just chat time to really act, save me.
steel mag olive?
raps napoleon https://t.co/WGn8zDhS3L
hip hop is dead, we will rise again, rip pun bigL odb prodigy, all prophet poets
i am napoleon dynamite!
moscowz?
i am a bull twitter. nuff cows on twitter
i would buy twitter stock aswell. just turned a profit
im a bull
its probably time to buy ford stock.
inderpence was a key date and nothing happen, be merciful god.
hip hop, HOPe sHIP. hip hop cast your words away upon the ways. masterplan
gun and knott=un. knott=nottingham
nana may, the bird family had a extremely succesful scrap bizness. tom and nana may. bird
freddy mac fanny may, mac and may.
so i take, no responsiblity for my last 5 years tweets. its probably not a legal defence, possession?look god has tried to rep me. i may have over stepped the line of acceptable speech a few times. the top brass know my situation
the hope is possession ends, on remembrance sunday, but we dont hold our breath for it. possesion sounds devilish, but it is fairly common, god is in alot of peoples minds. he was in orwells mind. and many writers and musicans and poets. where do you think great ideas come from.
yes i am possessed and have been for 5 years. god has blasted my ears and taught me music lyrics, he has also taught me the answers to the bible and my way answers
well settle for end of possession
so i want to ascend. but we'll for the end of possesion. fifth year of a seven year famine in genesis. its either famine ends on nov 11 or god takes the full term till 2020. seven year release of slaves?40 years wandering in the wilderness.willesden
but there was none that could declare it to me, maybe the poor claires could be me?
There is none greater in this house than I; neither hath he kept back any thing from me but thee, because thou art his wife
my hope is i ascend and become a angel. a yo yo maybe. nuns assume control my body after and take care of mum and the kids.
may god bless my family, may they have an easy life like the birds.
i think my job is to protect my family, ive failed with soary. but i can get revenge/justice. activate my hate.
reed. the parched ground shall become a pool, and the thirsty land springs of  water: in the habitation of dragons, where each lay, shall be grass with  reeds and rushes
reed dickingson, joans grandson, should be online and could be something.
i endorse torture in certain situations. you should worry if i get power.
yeah roar was raped my germans in 1995. i found out 2005 and am furious. we aint going out like that. the wars not done, generals ready and will be behind me. i cant just murder the culprits so maybe i got get revenge the legal way. i believe in the death penalty.
Dearly beloved, avenge not yourselves, but rather give place unto wrath: for it is written, Vengeance is mine; I will repay, saith the Lord. we can be bought off repay?
my covern is protected.
ru=russia=roar=jerusa.
BoD5o34BrUE. 503=soe
@jessicaalba @JLo some pig terrific pig, pigs in blankets?do you need rugar endorsement?
smith, your large rise.
i have this picture on my wall. which is why they call me napoleon. cypress prophets.they make mention the rape of my brother often. we aint going out that. revenge is mine. they make mention the rape of my brother often. we aint going out that. revenge is mine. https://t.co/ITFJETt8NV
i have this picture on my wall. which is why they call me napoleon. https://t.co/aJxPbSP51h
charlottes web=1952 prophecy, churchills sow, british intelligence is way ahead of you cia, zoe soe sow. pigs animal farm orwell snow zoe S.O.E
i can see my kingdom on twitter and cnbc. show your face on tv then we'll see. streets are watching. the bbc loves me. i am postman pat.
arm=army, well sort of, i have various arms like a hindu godess. ww1 is one of my arms. the levites are a army, and spain is a arm. brazo is a arm. oi https://t.co/fLOJBs55C3
He paweth in the valley, and rejoiceth in his strength: he goeth on to meet the armed men.
Is there any number of his armies? and upon whom doth not his light arise, ligh light liarna may
i look gladly towards there death, a better life awaits them, i do not fear death, there is another side, there is god, trust me.
papa alan richardson, royal navy, is a massive death due.
kissinger is quite a big death.
i want ww2 to die, but there living long and are quite healthy mfz, big party when ww2 dies, ww1 is dead they are now complete. just need ww2 too hurry up and die. they are one of my arms.
i would love to have a job as a spy, id be proud to work for mi5 and honoured to work for cia. come get me.
monroe maybe
Deliver thyself as a roe from the hand of the hunter, and as a bird from the hand of the fowler. roe rose, rose=cia?
constant fowler mi5?
spyders and their world wide web, the internet is a spies dream.
cia=cain=maclain=mclean
i think im the spyder who cant spell in charlottes web. maybe i become a spy?i spy with my little eye, who knows.
swing low sweet charlotte, coming for to CARRY me home
i wasnt raped liked tim robbins in the movie but it was a worry.
Nevertheless the foundation of God standeth sure, having this seal, The Lord knoweth them that are his. And, let every one that nameth the name of Christ depart from iniquity. shore ward, sure, shaw shank, the troubles ive seen.
Nevertheless the foundation of God standeth sure, having this seal, The Lord knoweth them that are his. And, let every one that nameth the name of Christ depart from iniquity.
Behold, I lay in Zion for a foundation a stone, a tried stone, a precious corner stone, a sure foundation
dislex forgive the spelling
remberance sunday nov 11 is majorly hyped for something to happen, to be honest i wont get my hopes up, cos nothing happened on inderdendence day. do this in remebrance of me, mass massa dough. doug
pop prop proper PAPA, is old will die soon. i look forward to it, a better life awaits him after.
good  samaritans=somalia, para medics on standby. shore shank, surely die.
i get a toe tag on monday, toe operation monday.
pig=sow=soe=zoe=s.o.e?but really charlotte bird is s.o.e material, queens charlotte hospital79 harlem harlsden char LOT, charlotte grey, churchill
no ones stolen me.
Napoleon – "A large, rather fierce-looking Berkshire boar,doug=nap polar, raps napoleon
lot=charlotte,  doug was born in queen charlottes hospital.
ity bity baby=mac uzi usal.
betlhehem =brent
bad boys in london. rude boys in kingston, grocers daughter 79 27 41 66
na ni nina know zig oi oi oi. top brass top cat thompson crew. oi dina saor
all london early hood deaths. god has a plan for you.
anton, your large
omari barnes your wanted by the big guns, hot prospect.
bristol=suicide crew. rip. a prayer for your families.
ward
monroe, bridgend bristol crew, rip
apachi comand chi, nava ho, shy ane?
o r soar roar
rory roaring, some genius is in him, excavate him?aurora lion, liar wrongan. worries in the dance. go figure
children of israel, trust, we are big. follow me, and we will suck-seed
starlingrad
my fucking world, my fucking galaxy, my moon. my stars.
king kong, aint got shit on me.
dresden huntos
willesden noise illnois
thumping nines 95 profit$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
benever yeah, brent your large.
caruso robin, your on my team.
benever, yep, brent 41 42 qb
mac 11 lugar uzi, barreta
shout to azells ute.
we always hold the ground.
yeah shes sing about me?
back up bachus libre dionysus, my slave list back=black
hold=holiday=vacation=vatican
the thing  is, i dont want you beyonce.
back up. sing along crew
made for each other?i thought you love jay?
hold up?they dont love u like i love you. back up, bachus dion. one step beyond.
????maybe, it says it kinda in the bible, priest
lasts day, for sure are here. wu suuuuuuuuu sour.
And he shall pass over to his strong HOLD for fear, and his princes shall be afraid of the ensign
and he that earneth wages earneth wages to put it into a bag with holes.
And the sucking child shall play on the hole of the asp, aspect=africa hole?
hold=whole=vacation=holiday=vatican
shades that a come?
call calla come, calling to the vatican, for doug.
you site no credible solution to problems in america, farrakahn
farakhan, dont poison young black impressionable men and women, dont scapegoat or create a common enemy to unite you and them. king is not with you. malcom x is above your hitler blame game tactics. what next?blame it on the jews?
The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides evil men. Blessed is he who shepherds the weak through the valley, And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious Anger those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers./warning
farrakhnan is muslim?louis means louise farra means ss, so iwould say his name means hes christian. i dont like his divide and rule, us against them preaching, when we need intergration and unity, americas suffering, so say godam prayer for her
you can turn to egypt blacks but they had you as a slave class
muslim arabs dont respect blacks
@LouisFarrakhan divide and rule, we must all face judgement for sins comitted. you have a few, vainity being one of them. gingers are fine. red-emption.
@AshmoleanMuseum touch wood
russia dont be my enemy.
@chelseahandler Nevertheless leave the stump of his roots in the earth, and let it be wet with the dew of heaven
storm ali?
am i dirty sprite?
@GCHQ im nearly at a hundred, lets have a bashment party when we reach 100.
carry the cross?
my hands are tied.
guns n roses.
pleg
unitied nations very soon, lets see who is rael?trump is real.
i dont walk i get carried carry homeeeeeeeee e
riddler, ride or die hard. bruce willis=mac uzi.
tu 2 tweet ta wu. big up the owls, not really birds of pray. druids
yo, ice fm 88.4, keep locked cia gchq crew, all crew, london its 2nd nature i defend them.
@kaminajsmith U.N?you were great last year, i was very impressed. dont be a smithers be a  Mr. Burns., blaze it up. more fire.
@UniteBluePA @PiperPerabo your on the map now, a force to be reckoned with, you are a inspiration and a charm.
able=isabela=elizabeth.
ali g alice g is from staines!!!
@susannareid100 im stunned, your a stunner.
stained glass. macula=stain in latin!!!
stainnnnnnn
age 7 wow, hes smarter than me, i cant name 10 presidents. hot prospect for the future.
you should be tracking mac uzi and liar na as they come online. did you see macs presidents clip?
regina haspel dont be a shy guy embrace the ligh t
so a enphasis on the word carry=carry from homelands, and a mention of space. how does the cia see its role devoloping in the space expolation?
notes noah nottingham CARRY, last-doug the future of cia=me, shore, best laurels hugh laurie?face, key pol le forge geodie le forge space. carry.
got bombs in the pipeline!!!!!
you choose your words carefully, yeah there is obvously code to a gchq speech. its gchq, lets see if haspel is cody ugly.
dick jokes realy gchq, grow up, school boy humour.
common=ground=earth=electics=mac dad. shooting, death threat to me?
real. https://t.co/ry4AEs54Eg solution to pollution, dick joke, strong over sight of my love life? real crit christ, cap, mob deep, g, fast francesca, manger champ. sturture stu, shore, div divinci, robus arc face aggressive france?
next generation, space reference, fix scan body=?garda share, gram enterprize space gchq in space?pipeline piper perbo. hef hugh, fx, trench, engage=space doubt avoid, mine, must music soltion to a revolution is lou lov
smart art, revolution, centry, one direction, netargue, able cain aiiiiiii deck fact francesa cleary clear aiiiii art stu art intelligence real ities rael, active piper, dick joke, diverse divince grapple snapple, means enterprize, noah dick joke, truly, true stu mass massa dough
cifer pac pacify, able cain, hit that?simpson, fire and forget sad farther. sit, fast francescas birthday,
system scan, tacken ire, prom mine steal, act ship ship manager rock. worth hay, real rael, reckless girls, not barbaric bart, method genesis, issuue active will willesden ploty plo? undermine mine, dom kingdomain , randsom war?
ties cases car case, sick sica jess, vast sophist re scentry cutless, iso corners of world=me, our children, drive malign mala alice, are you tracking mac usala, you should, vasa? part tree three ireland, vasa perabo? strike, trust
warm not, raining reign, policy see matter make jamake, part art fuel coffee, standing dura, durable clothing, jewel. special jews, now crit christ, em mine ated sim simpson, now notts noah, exploration of space, common=mac safe staffockolus, flourish florence, agile over streng
what do you think one rome can do?romo barta mo6 baretta, florence before maria, seems your fair weather friend. maria gives birth to a florence.
big guns, grace is mine.
i can effect the world. i want to change, i spread like germ. plague bubonic bo napolar bon par pardus part, raps napoleon, og king on bashan
switch=swiss=vatican
the quality of your thoughts attracts and repels. god is looking for prospects. there is a war going on that started with german scientists, which is a war of people and talent. america wants the best the smArtest.
dont think your insignificant, you can effect the world by your thoughts just being on your own. thoughts are important, god is listening. you can effect the world from your office or bedroom, just by what you think.
jer rem iah, remember, concentrate
remeber remembrance?hype.
dont question my kingdom, its on twitter. ive got fans.
trump=kingdom,
an ox that is brought to the slaughter; and I knew not that they had  devised devices against me, saying, Let us destroy the tree with the  fruit thereof, and let us cut him off from the land of the living, that  his name may be no more remembered.
He hath made his wonderful works to be remembered: the Lord is gracious and full of compassion
Remember me, O Lord, with the favour that thou bearest unto thy people: O visit me with thy salvation;
O that thou wouldest hide me in the grave, that thou wouldest keep me  secret, until thy wrath be past, that thou wouldest appoint me a set  time, and remember me!
maybe remembrance is a key date nov 11?
@ChrisMurphyCT @Alyssa_Milano no rushians?you sure?
@MPSBexley @metpoliceuk i'll keep an eye out for her.
portsmouth fleet, dew tea with tu lumps
hat trick=hatton?man, tricks?
mac 11 leftlon teflon-don, loudou. left mid sent3 sweet savour hatton trick hero.
monroe echo may. roe doe dear rey mait.
rory story warry worry GLORY
eye ching, prophecy, mary i want sign you.
ching ching.
beyonce upon a time is fresher than me?ha
by letting her pass, i proved to be the beth-er man,
cant sleep
fact=francesca=scar, =mums name
my arts worth some money, arthur stuart duart death threat. live and let die?it will be sad if my art dies:(
or maybe usher?
ren=bow wow
i think its a endorsement of teresa
roman shak, shakira shake, your boyfriends not in my league
sweet
so i dont use deoderant, so what, leshar?
who celebrated?
who stood up when the twins fell?
Lady Leshurr - Queen's Speech dissing me blood.
so for me there's code in trump and dudar speech, glad=gladstone. you might not think so, but just remember=In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God.
so for me theres code in trump and dudar speech, glad=gladstone. you might not think so, but just remember=In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God
so for me theres code in trump and dudar speech, glad=gladstone. you might not think so, but just remember=In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. doug spells god.
calculate kalki care carry, care clash las strike osiris say, beyondce is listen suck bee joker believe, un coming soon!!!
tremoend dou. do watch, deaf nana?not so bad nana?liabilites liar, rip ripe?fruit for picking, part art new street relation, love, doing, said digo tough said, cars honest noah sem semetic, cars factor, hard richard started arted i du, carry car realy real real, carry sim il simp
will i am, du dar?russia?fact?francesca?point west point, convince vince, divince, elements, inter milan vs spurs, interest. concrete. real rael. shore tudor, port=ireland, peche, sirves for, stuct resist, democrats=isis lousy louise obstuct stu. doubt. doug. sea. lovely lou wo
fair noah, salt scotla trem end dous dou doug, burden doug, more st thomas, stand? cost constantine last dug, posed, view rear view due dew deu, does?now nott noah, tired angels, hand andrew war, lit, fat 2 make,
clear=clearly vincent, aspect=africa. far, constantine. generally shore part art. arguement sense sensi, absolute convinced divinci.
@RussianEmbassy @sciencemuseum @mfa_russia @RSGovUK tsar=stuart, i play my enemies like a game of chess, last days dsxp ally dough.
du da,
- I Laid A Herrin' In Salt &amp; The Geese In The Bog &amp; The Puir Wife's Brae, i get laid in the bog/bath?&lt;&lt;&lt;
- I Laid A Herrin' In Salt &amp; The Geese In The Bog &amp; The Puir Wife's Brae//bog bath with eliza?byron bubbles mclean. rubber duck, brent goose. golden goose.
stax records
tara is a answer. iknow one, she practicully a saint compared to me, so?