Depend Underwear For Men https://t.co/Kn96i4Dxo5 via @YouTube Don't be a leaker the James Comey  model
Nice weather here in Michigan we have a horse on our farm that foundered and requires a lot of work. Trying to stay positive this horse has made improvements , but at this point 7 wks in the stall. Lots of work from the vets and farriers. Not my horse but giving 150 percent.
Nice day weather wise today here in Michigan.
Winter will be here soon just a reminder. https://t.co/ojbbNWqoqN
Weather just made it above freezing today. http://t.co/OLyfYG4mUg
@YouTube This is to the fat man in NJ
Simon and Garfunkel - Bridge Over Troubled Water: http://t.co/iSQaC3eLDP via @youtube
Nice to know big brother is watching us,don't care if 3 branches of government signed off the American people,its not right!! USAF Vet
Merry Christmas everyone.Happy New Year and may we learn from out past mistakes.
Friend went to a local hay auction here in Michigan $7.50 to $9.00 a bail depending on lot.
Been on our farm going on 11 yrs,lost our first horse from old age, boarders horse,didn't realize how close one can get to a boarders horse
I'm ashamed of our leaders,maybe it is what it is, but doesn,t make it right.
Very difficult times coming for the US econmy,sorry about the gloom and doom,but common sense is gone from our goverment.
No boarders this winter looking forward to less work.Price of hay was a factor also.
Nice day in Michigan 58 for a high today.
Made a decision not to board horses this winter,need a break,no profit.Will probably pick boarders up this spring if hay prices stable.
Hay and grain prices in Michigan have got a lot of horse people spooked.Not good for  the long run.No profit to board horses.
Still in the saddle,more you ride the more you fall off.LOL difficult to post at the camp fire. Later Ron
Check this video out -- Randy Travis 13 - I'll Fly Away http://t.co/36HhCLur via @youtube
Check this video out -- I stopped traffice and called 911 http://t.co/xFvzSQZs via @youtube
Lost nearly 100.00 a game playing Tonk with Presvictor,but recovered it when the Army and Air Force had friendly games at Window Rock flood
Hachett Victor Sanchez use to make jokes about us GIs we better bring our chainsaws if we go to the Paloma Bar Near Old Town, yelp man up
Breaking Bad,Wow1well done.I use to live in Albuquerque NM stationed at Kirtland AFB.Use to fly lot to Tor C on the HH53's Ch3e's and Huey's
Might be a good time to get the roller skis out.For those who don't XC ski its fun and fast with the right equipment and technique.
Check this video out -- Most important item for a horse farm. http://t.co/g1Mg7yu4 via @youtube
Nice fall day went for a trail ride,one of those days when everything that can go wrong Murphys curse.Still a nice day for a ride.
Check this video out -- Weird insect walking stick http://t.co/ECo4Y5jl via @youtube
Congress couldn't reach a budget agreement  Obama said Social Security Cks may not be sent out.Hummm.. aid to Pakistan?or pay 70 yr old Bob
Check this video out -- Legend 3 month old colt at Barnanza http://t.co/0YBDzYP7 via @youtube
Check this video out -- Weird insect walking stick http://t.co/ECo4Y5jl via @youtube
Check this video out -- (5/5) Custer's Last Stand http://t.co/c8juI3qs via @youtube
Check this video out -- The Ballad of Cole Younger (Dan McCann Music - Eliot Daro Video) http://t.co/S2oWBt1h via @youtube
Check this video out -- Cowhand by Ryan Martin http://t.co/cZ8UVtoY via @youtube
Check this video out -- Ride 'Em Cowboy (written by Paul Davis) - Juice Newton & Charlie Daniels http://t.co/1R0LMkIi via @youtube
Check this video out -- Falling Sky night attack http://t.co/Q6DfmUPw via @youtube
Check this video out -- My horse short ride over a couple of jumps August 1st 2011 http://t.co/l9xEzYn via @youtube
Need to work on my basics for riding.Fell off today even broke my reins.Was surprised split reins seemed very comfortable.
We must learn from our mistakes,but with todays spin our political leaders never have this problem.Excuses blame the other person are norm.
I'll never forget 9/11 same as JFK and 11/23 personal reflection and time will help with pain, resolve bitterness and answer questions.
Oxford MI Coed soccer team needs female soccer player's, must be 30 years or older and an experience player.All games played in Oxford MI.
More snow tomorrow? Great!! Not really!
I'm going to start running need to get my self  ready for spring.Most people think you can get your self in shape by riding not true.
Horses at our farm  Jake(Swashbucklermcque),Trooper,Romeo,Sport,Charger,Patriot,Ocala,and Phoenix.
Lots of work, but Horses are amazing,nothing has the heart and spirit of these gentle giants.I have been blessed as a rider and horse owner.
Don't over spend this Christmas you don't want to have to sell your saddle for cash.
Too many in Washington are campaigning full time and not working or doing their job.Another law: campaign on your own time and money.
Another new law presented,Lame Duck congress Leave bill.Title you don't have to go home but you can't stay here law.You've helped enough LOL
I would like to see a new law in Washington where for one day of the year.Officals have to tell the truth.
No you don't have to be driving in Keego Harbor MI any pedestrian out and about the town walking can be require by police blow for alcohol
Keego Harbor MI has always been a speed trap.The town now has an ordinance where the police can have someone blow for alcohol.Hope you pass
Unstopable?,Americans determined to fix Washington after being conned and lied to.The dawn of a new day 2011 will make success in 2012
The more you ride the more you fall off and get back on.They never did show John Wayne falling off his horse at the movies.
I think Americans are up to the challange and are looking forward to make a conservative correction in our political system.
Well 2010 is almost over.I think the November election made 2010 a remarkable year.We are waking up as a nation and rolling up our sleves.
Prediction,Hilliary out within month replaced by Colin Powel.Winners Obama & Powel.Powel reasserted into politics.Hillary damaged goods 2012
Business as usual small horsefarms are going to go under with this administration's policies toward small business.Vote Republican November
Unlike most rider's I took lessons from day one to learn to ride LOLMy trainer always needed me to show other students why they should train
Looking forward to riding our 2 yr old Oldenburg Patriot Ruler.  Ruler is from his blood line Bold Ruler,yes he is sometimes a pinhead
Those steel horse trailors sure rust out fast especially the fender's.I guess old rusty will be my trailors new name.
Couple years ago rode the fox hunt amazing how well the horse can spot a deer or a blind.
Last weeks trail ride my horse and the person I rode with horse was spooked by bow hunters we couldn't see them but they can.
I don't like bright streamers attached to a horse and tack kinda of looks like a used car lot.An orange or shirt or jacket should be worn.
Washington 8/28/2010 will miss but watch on the news.
Went for a trail ride,used my Beval LTD saddle and English tact.Lot of hills and obstacles great scenary.
It makes perfect sense now, Obama's blame hate Bush theme,If Obama is a Muslim he can't help himself.
We all have our strong and weak points,and its best to learn to use these personal qualities to our advantage.
When we face or struggle with difficult times face it head on this will make you stronger.Better to assert yourself instead playing it safe.
Like the DR. thats seen it all so has the taxpayer.Its not if but when will we be bankrupt.
The oil may not be gushing,but our dollars a being sucked into a big spend government drain hole.Like having someone still your credit card
Most important?Don't get suckered in on some of these news stories.Wish I had a offer and tell them I'll think about it?
We make the best of our future by making wise decisions now,and fighting the important battles.
I think we all get in a rut of no use it isn't going to make a difference but you are wrong best to go down swinging so roll up your sleves
Lot of flies at Independence Oaks park ran one lap around Crooked Lake.This trail is good for the spirit.In winter Best XC Ski Trail period
P_staatz great icon photo what kind of horses?
Just like the storm the problems we face will blow over,but you better seek sheltor.
I'm begining to hate watching the news what else is going to get messed up by these nuts.
Big storm just blew over Oxford.Just got the horses in before the wind and rain hit really cooled the temps.
Just got back from a walk with our Great Dane Chance,nice day for a walk,its amazing how many dogs there are runnnig to the road and barking
Too bad the gulf oil slick can't be controled,hope the spill gets fixed and cleaned up.What else is going to go wrong?
Great day weather wise sunny mid 60s.Got some outdoor chores taken cae of.
LOL Few years ago at a sub shop to order lunch.The gal behind the counter said you sound and look just like President George Bush
We stoped backing the US dollar years ago without gold and replaced it with trust.Theres not a lot of trust ,confidence or ethics now.
Sad when there is no substance to anything the President says.
I'm not ready to throw in the towel yet.Everyone is tired of the lies and crooked deals from Washington all the way to the local government.
For the first time in my life I'm ashamed to be an American.I hope people wake up before its too late.
The Health Care legislation will destroy the US.We are already over taxed and regulated.Time for a real change and fire these idiots.
The US needs the power plants to run on coal.Cheap energy.Cap and trade just another smoke and mirrors to steal money from taxpayers
I'm going to attend a family reunion in Coal River WV this year.I have seen both sides reguarding the enviromentalist vs cheap energy.
Great thing about this Soccer league the Soccer Fields are where our games played are separate by my back pasture fence team Barnanza Farm.
Called the soccer players for our second season coed team,first practice this Sunday.Gtass just turned green and the goals in place.
I have started riding this season again fist goal get my horse in shape and recover my riding skills slow process but will get there.
Worked our 2 year old Oldenburg Patriot Ruler,yep today he was a pinhead.
Nice to see the bare ground no snow.Worked in the barn after cleaning.Tack room needs major spring clean.
Putting together another Coed soccer team 2nd season everything looks good at this point.
Just graded the arena,this year I'm going to ride a lot no lessons or shows.Trail rides and work on my own jumpers course.
We need to listen to that inner compass that God gave us to make it through life.The right thing to do is always easier in the long run.
We have a very short stay here in life.Peter Graves at 83 years lived just 30,295 days.Weeks 4316 so we don't have time to waste.Enjoy life
I never knew that James Arness and Peter Graves were brothers.They do look alike.
Sometimes I think we don't standup enough for the seniors in this country.
It was sad to see Peter Graves in those reverse morgtage commercials and now dead at 83.I remember watching Mission Impossible as a kid.
Dick Purtan Detroit radio personality is retiring at the end of March sad to see him go.He will be missed.An icon and a great man.
What part of no is it Obama and his hinchmen don't understand.Americans don't  want this health care bill.Another 2.5 years is very long.
Everyone says Obama is the greatest speech maker of all time.LOL I disagrree The greatest story teller.
Like the boy who cried wolf,who will beleive Obama or others in Washington  when they do tell the truth.Very shallow no substance chatter.
USA and Canada a great hocky game!!
Like the old saying compared with Washington the crooks are more honest at least they wear a mask when they rob you.
Health care or Economy hmmm? Americans need jobs not government spending and taxing.Washington is like a runaway freight train.
@gretawire LOL we don't?
Your first awarness in early life?Probably the greatest experience, you made no bad decissions,no worries,just your whole life ahead of you.
Still digging out of the snow here.Spring is in sight!
My spelling off Jake not Jack LOL later.
My horse Jack(Swashbuckermcque) looks like a double for the paint in the TSC ad.
Going to trail ride a lot this year.I have had too many lessons and not enough riding.Easier to get my horse in shape than the sour arena.
The clang of the cow bell everytime a poll for the V1 and V2 skate some of the skiers laughed as I skied by,again worked well.
Went for a cross country ski today very warm high 30s lots of traffic tied a small cow bell to my glove worked well to warn slower skiers.
Best to be honest work hard and not succeed than lazy dishonest and a success.Life is tough its even tougher when you are stupid.John Wayne
Whats going on with Hillary Cliton,no second term as Secretary?I didn't see any camera shots of her at the State of Union Speach.Trouble???
Our US currency is back by trust.This Administration has lost both trust and the confidence in the US and around the world.Wake up Obama!!
Thank You Massachusetts voter's a job well done.You make us proud.God bless and good luck Senator Scott Brown.
Wow! its going to be a very interesting election Tuesday. By the way ACORN we are watching you!!
stardog235,good point.
I heard this today life is short make each day count.Average person is lucky to live 80 yrs. Thats only 29,200 days.
You can't tame a wolf or stop the American Conservative movement.In the end each will exhaust all efforts to be free.
Nice Cross Country Ski today but after the sun went down it got very cold.Just enough snow base to use the good equipment.
Just got back from  xc sking bought a new 2010 county park sticker increase in price to 30.00.Two laps around the lake 5 miles good ski.
I think we all have that hermit in us where sometimes a tar paper shack in middle of strickville looks pretty good.A nice book quality time.
American's have a lot of work ahead of them in 2010 to clean up this trainwreck.
1fancythat,Anyone who would vote for a canidate who says there are 57 states is dumber than he is IMHO.
My prayer's are with Rush Limbaugh.The voice of America.
Let's give them a 2010 they will never forget at the polls.
Will government ever understand excess spending is hurting the American people?Pork Is unneccessary leads to inflation and higher taxes.
A lot of us lost too much trust and confidence in the US government last year.Its like having an insane spouse loose with your credit card.
JlamarCrowder Avatar 3D effects excellent poor plot  *** stars.
My son and I saw Avatar great job 3D effects.Story line ehtics betray both sides and come out ahead.Lots of tree hugging.Company's are bad.
Newsworldtoday,thanks for the follow up.Ron
CNN and Fox are the only coverage at Detroit Metro Airport..Where are the other networks!!
Only Christmas music on WJR.
Breaking stroy in Detroit no local news coverage!!!!
Detroit news media wakeup!!!!!!!!!!!!!!National news story AirPlane ..
Well its Christmas.Regifting is obsolete with Ebay LOL.Raining here,one of these years Christmas with palm trees and a beach.Later Ron
Wow,what a year!Christmas Eve already.I hope every one keeps that excitement alive as in their childhood of this special day.Merry Christmas
If I had a choice of having lots of money or being smart.I would go for the brains.
Went for a xc ski at Independence Oaks low base but kept the skis flat no gravel or rocks.Nice not to have the Ski Patrol belt or radio.
The poor britney still got sprayed by the skunk.What a mess.Well one shot no more skunk.
The Britney outside in the back yard.When I went to let her in was a skunk about 20 yds from her,One shot with 12 gauge did Sara Palin proud
Most of the time with life or training you get rewarded for the effort and planning put in. Always expect the unexpected.
I like the xc ski race mass start, ski poles flying and the big race to reach the funnel on the course.I'm a better skater than classic ski.
I've been running for a couple of weeks.I have a 5k & 10 XC ski race at Independence Oaks park in January lots of uphills to climb here.
What's wrong with the econemy too many yes men.
Dress for success oh yea the biege and black trench coat thing no it never helped me a lost cause,don't like to climb latters step on people
Those old Carharts have the knees wore out from the sueiside knob on the Massey the gloves without fingers don't match mud and manure.
Very cold here shut the barn door for the horses.Went to the store for a 2 liter pop the poor greeter must have thought I was homeless.
December 7 1941 seems to be fading from our history.Today after 911 we are a  country divided and unsure,They were the greatest generation,
The great news not as many jobs being lost.Kinda of like Detroit's devil's night,most of the buidings have been burnt down not as many fires
Anyway these rough times require action doing nothing isn't an option at least go down fighting(everything possible save money & less spent)
Follow up our two Canter horses returned last month was picked up immediately Charlie and The Cultavater(Collie). Even our boarder's cried
This might be a good time of year to sale off some of the clutter,skis you no longer use,that extra car.Go on the offense in though times.
Think before you send or put yourself in hock,family and friends will understand this Christmas with cutbacks made.Take care
Years ago before we bought the farm use to ride four and five days a week.Might put winter shoes one of these winters.
Got a load of saw dust about 25 square yards.The supplier suggest take the order now or could be a long wait and hard to get this winter.
No blankets on the horses yet.My Overo Paint looks like a ball of fur.I hope this global warming kicks in was way too cold last winter.
Great Thanksgiving at a friends place a very old remodeled one room school house which still has the original black boards and the bell.
I guess its my barn,and maybe she should learn how to be more tolerate LOL of others.No I didn't say what was on my mind.
While back AM radio at the barn one of the gals said wish you wouldn't listen to that conservative garbage.confused look at her Mitch Albon?
This administration has been like a retarded newphew playing with a chemistry set,you are scaring the American people.
Obama Care,I guess it was time for a wake up call.The American people are calling you out high noon election day and loser leaves town.
Merry Christmas from Washington,more jobs lost,big government control and inflation. Thanks a lot! Never again,my support or vote.
Ladies and Gentlemne excuse me but we are out of money!The Health care bill will bankrupt the US.American people need jobs,not a big tax.
I was just talking with my wife as we watched TV news.My question who is the replacement of Walter Cronkite.We both agreed Bill Oreilly.
Message to members of congress."Life is tough,it's even tougher if you're stupid"-John Wayne.
Shaggydog,good for you doing volunteer work this Thanksgiving.
I was called off the flight line 1976,report to Captains office.Kirtland AFB Chapel made  baskets for young Airman .Best TKS ever.Thanks Ron
Heads up, look around this Thanksgiving.Might be a good time to help some one down on their luck.Make a food basket they will never forget.
CNN,lost one of their best anchors Lou Dobbs.Going to be an interesting interview on Fox with Bill Oriley thsi Monday.
Dems spin,Jobless recovery,printing money for their chrismas list.By the way Nancy I don't want your Christmas gift,you stupid nut job!!
That zip lock bag with ice feels good, yeap I'm an idot,should have waited longer to remove that radiator cap from the old truck.
Good morning!
Can't say enough for Canter a great organization.
Sometimes we have to say by to our dreams and hopes.The horses running by the trailor will say their final farewells Collie,Sport and Charle
Two of our alpha geldings &  mare has to go tomorrow.unexpected money problems.Breaking up a herd(family) a lost your best friend feeling.
This week I'm going to make a greater effort to complete projects and important business.
Not looking forward to the weather cool down in November.LOL this is Michigan Cowboy up.Never did like the real cold fox hunts.
Last Barnanza Coed Soccer game this season ended in a tie 2-2 our total 6 games record 2-2-2.Was a lot of work to put the team together.
I enjoyed playing yeap I know my limits my body says no you can't but my ego says yes I can.had fun!!
Barnanza Coed Soccer team won today 6-0  been a lot of work playercoach at 56 oldest .One player 36 coached coach I coached him as a kid 12
In the long haul its aways best to play by the rules and work hard.
With the price of gold maybe its time to take gold prospecting serious.New equipment has enabled a lot of hunter to find gold @ worked sites
My saddle a Beval Standford very wide for a close contact great leverage for roll backs
If you don't fall off your horse you ain't riding enough.I still have to ride Jake deep in the saddle the same apex in the turn he will buck
There are a lot of people getting into gold prospecting in other parts of the country and world GPX 4500s are selling a for top dollar 6k
The recession is over?At the Mall today stores were empty of customers.I wouldn't cellibrate yet.No jobs no cash.Gloom & doom or realality?
Soccer game yesterday lost 2-1 lots of problems on and off the field.Over all the team played a good game.
More than ever we need to create jobs for the wealth and good of society.Every Individual has the potential to do great things.
Good planing will maximize your successes and minimise your failures.
The Ballon chase today was very interesting,though great out come.
Just not a big follwer latter things to do and places to go.
Allblogs your only tweet "You know me who am I?" Sorry not enough information its interresting to have so many follwer's with one tweet???
Barnanza soccer team lost big Sunday not a very pretty site LOL.oh well lose some win some.Better games or days ahead.Life.
Asked my friend one time how he liked his nice log home he said Ron too much work buy one with Aluminum siding you will be much happier.
My horse Jake looks like Trigger with a white medicine cap right side.
This rider is smarter than his horse,but Jake my horse is smarter than my trainer's LOL they did get a lot of my money
I have had a lot of good trainers and learned from everyone of them.LOL they all are experts isn't ever trainer.Keep your heels down headup
Never did enjoy the fox hunts.Black Coat rode with the gaited crowd.Did ride up front one hunt.First three riders the paint did very well.
I think everyone is on a budget,try cut expenses,and to a point its working.One must look at things different.
Been running at IO for at least 20 years.When there is enough snow no better place to XC ski very technical lot of top racers here.
Ran at Independence Oaks only one lap 2.4 miles rolling terrain.The park is like a long lost friend.No boring runs around crooked lake.
Don't laugh about the old 1976 TT ,still fast wish I would have kept my old 1978 Bultaco Astro.
My old 1976 Yamaha TT 500 is going to have ice tires installed this year.
I ran a couple of miles this morning getting back in shape.I use to love running if I can just stick to a sch workout.
Ocala is the grand daughter of Seattle Slew.
One of my boarders just had an accident had surgery Tuesday a plate and pins in her wrist,Ocala spooked a little she fell on a ground rail.
Gave my nephew a riding lesson today,last three months hes made a lot of progress,his mom watched him ride today for the first time.
Our Great Dane Chance is a recue dog who we have had for a couple of year,not my idea but sure is a nice dog.
Barnanza farm borders the five soccer field where all the games are played.It was a lot of work to form the team.
The Barnanza Farm Co Ed soccer team won today 2-0 at this point 1win 1 tie and 0 losses.The team played very well.
In life you usually get what you paid for,or if there is no effort(work) no return.
My favorite TV shows NCIS,House,and the history channel
Saw that new Brad Ptt movie Inglorious Basterds 2.5 Stars too long kind of stupid.I usually like action filcks lame.
That soccer team I was teeting looking for players now I have too many had to turn a few away.
Michigan does need a manufacturing base.Senator Carl Levin did say we all can't have computer jobs.
Well I guess we are kinda out of business.
A group meeting at PAC with the VP I did mention we couldn't afford to throw material away after model changes.
Retired last year would have liked to stayed around and watched the ship go down and the rats swim LOL!
Last plant in the Truck and Bus Group closing next week Pontiac Assembly Center good luck to the ones left.
I'll stick with the Madshus skis.
Just might break the roller skis out and get ready for the Ski season.The new top of the line Fischer xc ski 600.00 wow.
The Soccer team has motivated me another run today.I use to race the 10 mile Crim every year a while back.
Too many people have no spine to take a stand on anything.When is enough is too much.I know you want to be liked.Better to like yourself!
Saw a headline, Vick should be spokes person for dog fighting,nonsense!!He should be behind bars and unemployed.Boycott his games!
The ferrier backed him up but the stifle is better but still a problem.Have him outside tonight.
Worried about our Oldenburg yearling Patriot had an abcess and kept in the stall for four days now his rear sifle is locking up.
Ferrier comming yearing Oldenburg Patriot had a abcess,the vet call another 200.00.I think this yearing may make a great horse.
Fall weather,going to start riding again,one of our boarders broke her wrist on a fall landed on a ground rail.Early ride and a short run.
Tired and out of shape but motivated.LOL they need me the team coach.Later Ron
Very pleased with the level of play.Though I need to play better.Overall both teams played very well.I had fun and set new goals.
The Oxford MI Co Ed soccer team had its first game.Barnanaza Farm 3-3 tie over time with the other team defending its goal numerious shots.
Devon   turning 13 is still a puppy to me.She will not go to the vet for her final visit she, will be put to rest in the car or her bed.
BJMendelson,I named my Britney 13 years ago driving past a street named Devon road,also Devon was an island that never existed Mitchner's bk
Name of the Soccer Team Barnanza Farm.
The Oxford MI over 30 Coed Soccer has another female still need 2 players for this Sunday's game.
Romour,Acorn is getting fulltime into the Tax service.New name P&H tax service.
Acorn needs to be investigated.Government support with tax dollars have to stop.Hey News Media AND Congress where are you??? Wakeup!!!
Nice day to blow off and just kickback.Yea just take the day off new Holiday.I'm tired of being at rat in the cage day.
Dad and I both worked at GM he use to buy lunch and we would talk if I only knew special times in our lifes.Glad he didn't see colapse GM
Almost 4 yrs since his death.My dad wasn't educated but the smartest person I've known.Uncle at reunion I see your dad when I look at you.
SOS for a couple over 30 female soccer players to keep the team alive we have a bye game next week.
The team looks good  players have a lot of heart.Underdogs but we love the sport LOL $30.00 penalty for each forfeit, 2 of these kick us out
The Oxford MI over 30 Coed soccer has become a nightmare.Still need 2 female players.Thee days left we may forfiet from lack of gal players?
LOL I like these twitter people who have one tweet and 20,000 followers I must be missing something.Where is the Substance?? Later Ron
I might break out the roller skis this week and get ready for the short cross country ski season here in lower MI.
Heck I even asked my Hunter Jumper trainer in Metamora to ask if any students were interested in playing Soccer.
Had my first Co Ed soccer practice,the players skills are great.Again we need female players soccer players over 30 Oxford Michigan area.
Anyway I'll see you at today's practice.LOL
The team name is Barnanza farm,could be bad PR Well at last my horses haven't escaped the pasture onto the well groomed soccer fields.
I'm sure putting this on twitter there will be an overabundane of players to choose from??,I'm not going to hold my breath LOL
I guess a couple of guys will have to wear wigs,second thought this could be a bad idea LOL
Desperate,All points bullitin. still need two women players on the coed soccer team in Oxford Michigan.Practice today 5pm at Seymour Park.
Everyone has less money to spend here including the people who board.Entertained the thought of trimming two of my horses to cut farm cost.
Nice weather,showe one of the boarder's how to operate the manure spreader small Massey Ferguson compact with a pto 100 bushel mills creek
The avatar on my wife's horse Trooper yea that me in an original F Troop calvary uniform from the TV show.I ride jumpers on my horse Jake
Heck I got one player on the team by giving a free riding lesson,might as well use the farm to my advantage LOL.still need players.
Our first practice for the over 30 adult coed team this sunday at 5 pm seymour park oxford need 3 female players to complete the rooster?
Oxford Michigan area still trying to field an over 30 adult co ed soccer team have all the male players but short at least 3 female players.
I will field the team with just enough players to have good playing time.Need to get a practice this weekend.contact me asap if interested.
Anyone in the Oxford MI area interested in playing Co Ed soccer 30 yrs older contact me for information all games will be Sundays in Oxford
Great trip to Point Pleasant WV for a family reunion.Stayed at Gallipolis OH interesting town.My favorite WV town Harper's Ferry a must see
Common sense will prevail.Americans have had enough of crooked deals and politictions..
What would Pesident Reagun have done about the plane leaving Scotland today for Lybia.I don't think the murderer would had made it back home
The working Americans will pay dearly for the dead beats free ObamaCare who will overheat and limet medical care for everyone.
BarnMom nice looking horse,My horse I compete with a Palomino Paint Swashbucklermcque(Jake) in the jumpers.
The American people are will fix the health care problem not the government.
Very interesting news with the Seniors speaking out about their concerns about national health care.
With the next election we do need change.
I sure hope the econemy gets better.The American people will fix the mess not these self centered politications who put theirselves first.
They did have two fire trucks and crew just a cross the fence.They did ask if everything was ok in the pasture afterwards.Great job guys!
Next year I'll bring an umbrilla LOL.
Fire works were great last night Oxford did an outstanding job.Our Farm had the best view.Too close the final volley  rain of fire overhead.
LOL Well I better get a lawn chair and start a fire in the fire pit.Idid invite a few people.Later
The fireworks are set off in a soccer field that borders my back pasture,well at least I'll have the best view.
The Barn is a couple hundred yards away though horses will be out and the hydrant hose hooked up.Hay is stored in a separate building.
The Oxford park is having fireworks tonight just cross my last pasture fence line.Hundreds of tubes on a flat bed trailor.Moved the horses.
Not on the farm,trying to cut cost and work time.
PART TIME WORK
Maybe some movie set is looking for a stuntman.
I guess its time to look for a part time job.No I'm not going to pay some job site.I'll network on my own.
Bottom line don't give away too much information don't say anything you wouldn't say in Times Square .
Big news story about twitter,people being robbed because they posted information they would be on vacation and the bad guys broke in homes.
Though always good to wave goodby to company and relax after the cleanup.Hope you had a good 4th.
We had the grand kids nices and nephews to take turns riding the mellow geldings.That night because of the 4th no hay in the barn hose ready
A nice 4th a great get together of family and friends.Haven't rode for a while took Jake over a couple 3.5 footers had fun.a good recharge!
Busy day lots of relatives.Left the chairs by the fire pit for tomorrow night.My son and brother set off some fire works.
The 4th of July this week end.Lots of guess comming going have a small campfire in the back pasture,well maybe a beer wouldn't be bad.
Our farm Barnanza LLC hunter jumper's.Where we are always learning,the trainers and rider's aren't experts.Well I'm good with the shovel.
At least the weather has cooled down.Going to let the horses out Trooper,Collie,Jake,Patriot,Sport,Pheonix,Romeo and Charger.
Mays had a piercing voice that even most guys couldn't tune out.Seiously he had a lot of talent for commercial advertising he'll be missed
Sad day Willie Mays passed away.Gosh whos next,we lose Vince from Shamwow commercial.My brother and I argued which guy was the most annoying
Headed to the post office to ship ebay items. Later Ron
Ebay is great any time you need extra cash there is always some clutter to sell off,put a couple of items for sale buy it now sold quick.
Very,hot and humid today,nice day at avoid outside work.That wish in the middle of January is here LOL.
Keep your heels down and vision to pass the jump,LOL we all know what happens when we look at the ground.
The most important thing horse people need to know especially trainers,are the things they don't know.Too many experts that know too little.
Kitsi is cleaning today pulled the tractor in the barn with the manure spreader.Very hot hosed Ocala and Charlie off.
Parked the horse trailer at the barn.This goose neck two hrs chg rm is only 9 yrs old but is going to need a lot of work next season.
Just started following Clive Cussler,one heck on an Author.I'm a part time treasure hunter,no I wouldn't quit my day job, man needs a dream.
Iwould like to purchase a used BMW motorcycle out west,enjoy the scenic train ride there,a bike trip back,then flip the bike,bucket list?
My son a few years back bought a car off of Ebay in California and took AMTRAC out and drove the old classic car back to Michigan.
Hot humid day.I need to get ready for visitors next week.
I use to be with the National Ski Patrol and xc ski the park a lot.There are four to five differrent trails with lots of hills.
Went for a walk at Independence oaks park.The lakeshore trail is a beautiful 2.5 milse around the small lake.Good for the spirit.
Lifecoach,another choice, be aware the condition don't accept it,work around it,give the ownership to the one who caused the problem.
Todays Quote: LOL Don't fix it if its not broken.Experts in Washington has the mentality of a retarded nephew playing with a chemistry set!
Too many hobbies not enough time or money oh well you only live once.
I have a couple of ex track horse to let the experts ride,LOL this always brings  them down a peg or two.
Maybe next weekend I'll put the grandson on one of our tame horses.
Family comming for the fourth,lots of work to prepare.
Just another day at the horse farm noticed they broke the fence in one of the pastures.Eight horses wandering around the barn grain locked
Lee you know who I'm talking about.Best of luck.
His presentation a couple of years ago made me aware I should sell my GM stock.Again Thank you Ken
By the way I would like to thank one of my old GM supervisors,which he knows who he is,because after I listened to his presentation.
I probably know just enough about the horse business to get me in trouble.
Anyway Bills words to me Happy New Year Cowboy.Well at this point I do know a couple of things about horses and the business.
I met Bill at a New Years party in 1992.I was just a dime store cowboy then didn't know the frount from the rear end of a horse.
I noticed Bill Bonds is on twitter.In the 1970s he was the best News Anchor in Detroit period.
I wish there was a silver lining in the clouds with the US economy.
Cap and trade another anvil for US tax pyers trying to swim.
Michigan's unemploywent the highest in US over 14 percent,but seems higher.
Obama say national healthcare needs to be passed to help the economy,experts and common sense say the oppisite.
I see all these ads that will make people rich.My idea if everyone sends me a buck for their crooked sceam I could buy a new tractor.
The rain is still a down pour,well at least that will cut the cost of hay better pastures.
The horse farm has a lot of hidden cost.
Riden Cowboy don't letum throw you can't make any money if you hit the ground.One thing for sure if you ride you will fall its a matter time
Bad storm here the Britney gets hyper the Great Dane could care less.I may bring the yearlings into the barn our two Oldenburgs.
Its not the American Worker or Businesses that failed but greed and apathy in Washington.
Maybe Bernie Maddoff needs company.Crooked polititions printing money and spending our grandkids money.LOL they are heping the econemy.
More Americans need to get involved in our poltical system.Heck even I konw not to throw an anvil to a taxpayer trying to swim.
When a any major transacton is made a ID is required.The ACLU requires voters not to show ID more Americans should challange stupid ideas
Detroit and suburbs are fighting over Cobo hall.Let it go like Tiger Stadium.The goverment needs to be on a budget the money isn't there.
Local and federal governments need to cut spending now.With lost jobs the revenue isn't there their special programs.
The government should be held accountable like Bernie Maddoff.If they spend money they don't have maybe jail time isn't a bad idea.
Lot of family history for me on the drive.
Just got back from a trip to Virginia.Main purpose visit my mother in the nursing home.Out of five brothers only three showed.
Cool day in Oxford only around sixty.One of these days that is just hard to get started.Time to shift to another gear.
Another great day,lots of work.I need to be better organized.
Maybe I'm use to the convience of Ebay which my user name is anotherdayattheoffice.Live and learn.
Just finsihed a garage sale this wekend,my wifes idea.Never again lots of work no money return.Don;t like to haggle with prices,
It will be a great weekend no matter what comes my way.Later Ron
And the planks boards for fence repairs.
Another mans junk is just someone else's junk.I proud of myself made green display tables hay bales and planks.The horses will eat the hay.
These garage sale are a lot of work.I'm use to Ebay set a price and it is what it is.There is a lot of sick individuals out there no life.
My wife planed a garage sale this weekend.Yep you guessed it I'm waiting on people and sortng through the junk.Two days left.
A Great Memorial day.
Everyone have a great weekend and a good kickoff to summer.Thanks Ron by the way at this point I'm not sure about twitter.Later
The CQ at Chanute probably has that letter framed.
Dr. Furlong thanks for the written excuse given in 1974 to a Airman Basic.He never did mention he won the US Congressional Medal of Honor.
May be we have become a country without substaints,but not because of the ones who made sacrifices.
Nice,weather day,very busy three weeks,worried about the big three especially GM.
In a split second everything is going well and now my dog is dying and  I require medical attention and feel sad and disbelief.Becareful.
I have never been so close to a dog as my 12 yr old Britney.She had bit my had at least three times by a reflex  as I carried her to safety
The mare was now after the Great Dane and just made it out under the fence.I picked Devon up now and she was yelping and crying.
The poor dog was in pain crying and yelping.I knew she was dying and I just shoed the mare away from the second pounce.
Ocala walked by me and headed right toward the Britney.I was horrified as the mare playfully jumped and landed both hoofs on Devon.
The two dogs got ahead of me and had to walk pass the mares to get to me and the gate.These are seasoned dogs around horses.
Once the mares were in the pasture a simple gate shut and I could continue to the house.
Charlie our mare was lead into the pasture with Ocala(Grand daughter of Seattle Slew) following into their pasture very routine.
The dogs followed me back to the house,but I have a split pasture and the two mares were in the green grass long enough.
Yesterday,I took my Britney,Devon and Chance a Great Dane down to the barn with me to grain the horses
Dog owner's on farms beware very important.One lesson you don't won't to learn the hard way.
Anyway Happy Easter and everyone a great week.
Great to see Capt. Phillips come out unharmed.A great story with a good ending.Maybe this will alert everyone to stop these Pirates.
May have to travel to Roanoke,always enjoy the drive.
One player didn't know I owned the farm and to  another who had to get the ball,those horse people can be mean when you're in their pasture
Our farm boarders a 111 acrea park.Three soccer fields on the fence line.Guy I use to work with needed a player.Nice just hop the fence.
Nice Easter short walk and run.There is a pond on the farm always enjoy seeing our large koi.Found the grand fish floating.Buried him.
Enjoy horses but must cut back with the money being spent.
Vacinnations for the horses,ran out of saw dust expensive to buy bags hay supplier came late extra hay this month barn over budget.
Phoeix has a fine coat.The mare used Ocala Spy the grand daughter of Seatle Slew.
Of the two yearling Oldenburgs Patriot our colt has more of a brush coat.
Great day got a lot accomplish.
Yep times are rough went from a 2007 Hummer to a 1989 Ford 250.Much better off than a lot of people,Still happy.Later Ron
Nice and sunny today temps are on the rise.
Going to the feed store 8 bags of M12 ,Omolene 300 heck might as well get a new corner feeder for Charger.
Worried about GM going bankrupt LOL maybe its time for a part time job?
Ugly baketball game between Michigan and Noth Carolina
By the way here good square bales of hay 4-5 dollars.Supplier was running late had to pick some up from a dairy farm 30x 5.00
Time to regroup.
Did get out of the gate crowd and rode the front once Jake did very well over the hedges and rock walls.
I rode the fox hunt a couple of seasons ago too formal and cold.
Gosh smetimes I have too much time on my hands.Life is good.Later Ron
By the way I bought one of the original F Troop uniforms weather gets better maybe some over fence jumps to humour the boarders
I have to get some updated photos.Quote from Socrates smartest man ever lived.Most important thing to know are the thing you don't know.
My Great Dane thinks he is a lap dog.Our little Oldenburg Colt doesn't give him no respect.
By the way the buzz with the Treasure hunters best place to cash gold in best prices.Midest Refinery.Stay away from the one on TV.
My friend Bryce made Minelab Explorer moderator on finds forum great guy.
Was going to start working my horse Jake on flats cancelled ferrior for tomorrow.LOL cabin fever in April
Lots of snow cancelled cleaning today will clean stalls on my time.
Going to go out for breakfast.How about a couple of eggs,sauasge and toast later Ron.
Public perception is off,a guy in North Carolina thinks we are a bunch of illiterate assembly line workers.I'm just blowing off steam.
Anyway I'm a casualty of the economic condition and retired early.Year ago one of these days GM will go bankrupt with business practices.
Correction on the typo should have sold at 44.00 a share.I was one of the lucky ones aroud 30.00 a share.
Every morning at 6 am I would come in my office and look at the stock price for GM I sold at 44.00 a share.The stock price posted on my wall
This time a year ago I would have a radio in one hand the office phone in another and someone in my office.I loved that job.
Theres probably 6-8 inches of snow here on the ground in Oxford.
I can hear Chance our Great Dane shake it means hes up and I must let him out.
Cold weather at the horse farm is work warm weather fun.Our Oldenburg Patriot Ruler is a year old.end up solid white.
Money situation and the price of hay and grain will probably not have very many lessons or shows this year.
Maybe when the weather gets warmer will set a course up.The jump poles and standards are still stored on the old hay wagon.
Weather is cold today.Our pasture fence that borders our out door arena has a couple of board down and have to make repairs.
The cover pic Jake going over a fence and myself we are both underdogs
I'm new at this and just have to figure twitter out?
Would like to start running again or use the roller skis.Later
Went out to the park with my Minelab Explorer today no silver just newer coins 1930 penny
We still have a colt born four days later Patriot Ruler a gray Oldenburg. Pics and bloodline Lostworld farm .com.
The Philly was owned 50 percent by us and we sold our share to the boarder to give her full ownership.
Visitors from Texas came to see a boarder's Filly Pheonix which was born to the day last year.I stood her up to take her first steps.
The visitors from Texas came to see the game at Fordfield.
My son came in from Indianapolis for a quick vist today.Also had visitors at the barn from Texas.
Michigan State just won.Listen to the game in the car and at home on wjr
Busy day,I need warmer weather.
Trying to write an update but deleted.I will figure this out.
Good night
I'm making plans for tomorrow for the farm